The Faeryland of tne Genevese. A PROSE IDYL. ET E. AlSTBAUE HeHOX. GUams the Faervland of pprenera Gloom the goblin deeps ot ill, Light and darkurss warring ever, God m beauty reigning still. Chapter II. Akdee Leghele was a native of the Canton of Basl the eon of a farmer near the village of Ke. From the earliest age he had shown a distaste to all agricultural employments, but a strong liking for everything con nected with mechanics. In childhood this had shown itself in a propensity for picking things to pieces, and on one occasion he secretly got possession of his mother's spinning-wheel, unscrewed and examined the various parts, and proceeded to put them together agair. The result looked satisfactory, but did not prove so, as, thejnext time Madame Legrele attempted to spin, the wheel refuBed to turn. The truth then came out, and a thrashing was the result of the boy's thirst for knowledge. Had it not been for the incon venient developments of this taste, Andre would have passed through his early years without any of the troubles usually incident to boyhood, as he learned his lessons, and never interfered with anyone, either by exuberance of spirits or demonstrative affec tion. But one day his father sent him to tend some cattle, and in order that he might know at what time to |return, entrusted him with a watch. This was a treat, and the boy had no sooner got out of sight than he sat down to inspect the mechanism. His former lesBon had warned him not to touch the works, but he examined them with such long and deep attention that the cattle had time to stray far from the pastures. When at last, recalled to his duties by missing the sound of the cow-bells, he started up and proceeded to seek for the cattle; but they had wandered in different directions. The fir and beech woods were thick, and while folloving the sound of one bell the others were growing more inaudible in the distance. The search alone was almost useless ; and when even ing closed in he was still unsuccessful. To an imagina tive child this adventure would have been almost eerie, following what sounded like fairy bells through the deep gloom of the forest. Though here and there was a B^ace of open pasture, or the green banks of a rivu let, the hills and undulations were covered with forest so thick that the sun never penetrated the dark foliage, and the shade was too deep to encourage one blade of grass to grow, but the ground was covered with tbe softest mots. But Andre was not imaginative, so he searched on in by no means a poetic state of mind. Yet it was strange that even he did not feel the weirdness ; for, as the sunlight died oter the green pastures, the depths of the forest became horribly dark at the edges. Tbe white stems of the beeches gleamed like ghosts amid the black goblin firs, while the branches creaked, the breeze passed hushing and hissing through the foliage, and the bells still tinkled far away. The boy never heeded all this, but having collected a few cattle, began to wend his way homeward, wondering what his father weuld do when he heard of the result of his watch-gazing. For Andre was a truthful lad, and would never dream of telling a falsehood, even had he possessed sufficient imagination to invent one. The farmer was indeed vexed at the temporary loss of his cows, though he knew Swiss cattle well enough to be sure that they would return in a few days of their own accord. But that evening, after the chil dren had gone to bed, the father and mother decided that it was of no use attempting to bring Andre up in the country, and determined to send him at once as apprentice to a watchmaker in Basle. The boy was delighted at the idea of being occupied with any kind of machinery, and before three months had passed, was deep in the mysteries of spring-levers and pen dulums, For some years his life literally went on like clock work, and Andre, while succeeding admirably in his profession, lived a mechanical sort of existence, its even tenour unbroken by any such disturbing accidents as vivid joys or sorrows. By degrees, how ever, he became imbued with Calvinism. There was something so mathematically satisfying in being able to divide mankind into two almost equal parts, draw ing a distinct line between the elect and the unelect by the application of a few deciding tests, that the whole system took a firm hold of his practical mind. The vague ever- varying outlines of other creeds would have worried and puzzled him, but here was something tangible and defined, which suited the bent of his own disposition, and the young man soon became a stanch member of the kirk. But when he was about five-and- twenty the watch maker under whom he had been employed nent young Legrele on a business tour through some of the towns in Northern Italy. He went as far South as Locarno, traversing much of that lovely country which com bines the severer beauty of Switzerland with an almost tropical vegetation, and proved himself a capital business man, noting the commercial capacities of each town far more than its picturesque surroundings. But nature will not allow living men to make un deviating machines of themselves, and once at least in life awakeB, even in the most practical, a flash of poetry which for a time defies all rules and destroys their wearisome consistency of action. So it was with Andre. The genial sun of Italy, unawares, poured heat into his cold heart, which burst forth into the one fiery act of his life. While resting for a day near the town of Aosta his attention was arrested by a lovely dark-eyed girl, the wild spoilt daughter of his host. From that moment there arose a power within h»ro that he knew not of— a hidden spring had broken loose and deranged his whole mental mechanism. The sensi ble Protestant watchmaker fell hopelessly, foolishly, in love with Lenora, a bigoted Roman Catholic, who seemed totally unlike himself in every single charac teristic. His stay at Aosta wbb prolonged day after day, and he found himself wandering amongst the rocks and. verdure of the lovely valley, and helping to gather in the grapes with the bright young girl, whose whole being seemed one reflection of the rich warm beauty around her. Under her influence, and in the light of the one poetic sunbeam of his life, he too began to note the beauty around them. Surely there is hardly a lovelier spot on earth than the Vale of Aosta, with its bright green slopes shining amongst dark groveB of chestnut and fig-trees, its rich crops of maize and purpling grapes that seemed only to tell of summer's glory, while high above, as if rising out of the midst of this luxuriance, towered the snowy peaks of Mont Bosa and Mont Blanc, in pure wintery majesty, contrasting, yet harmonizing, with the sensuous scene below. No wonder that amid these influences love ripened quickly, and before a full week had elapsed Andre asked the hand of Lenora, and was accepted as suitor both by the father and the maiden herself. Perhaps, had she seen him under ordinary circumstances, she might not have felt drawn towards Andre Legrele, but now the utmost warmth of hifl natuie had come forth to meet her, and her ardent imagination endowing the stolid Switzer with many attxibutts he did not possess, she consented to marry him, and leave her beloved valley. One con dition she made — that she Ehould be allowed to follow her own creed undisturbed, and she also made a peti tion that he should take her to her new home over the mountains she had looked at with loving eyes all her life, and he was too passionately in love to deny either the greater or less request, borne delays were caused by tbe priest, who objected to any of his flock wedding a heretic, but this was at last settled, and three week's after having firet seen and loved her, Andre started for Basle with his bride— she weeping bitterly as- she parted from her father and passionately loved home. Lenora had never been more than a few miles beyond Aosta, and imagined all Switzerland to be as fertile as her native valley. A slight blankness of dis appointment began to creep over her after they passed San Berni, where the vegetation commenced to- grow less rich. There were no more olive groves and fewer vineyards ; the whole country looked compara tively barren, and this, added to a certain flatness, which almost always follows the first excitement of marriage— the reaction after the heat and glamour of couitehip, before the deeper love sets in— made the poor girl almost repent of having bo hastily left her beloved home. But these regrets were scarcely put into thought, and she did not even give vent to her dis appointment in the scenery, which, though often, grand, had a coldness which struck into her southern, heart. On passing over the St. Bernard they stayed one night at the Hospise, and received the hospitality of the brethern, Andre in this case only yielding to* the desire s of Lenora. The devoted life of the monks aroused all her religious enthusiasm, and the Protes tant feelings of her husband were sorely tried when he saw his wife bending low to receive the blessing of a Popish prior. From the St. Bernard they descended into Martigny, where Lenora felt more at home than since she had quitted Aosta. The orchards of chestnut trees reminded her of her own home, and the vines, though stiffly trained to posts instead of forming natural bowers, carried her thoughts back to the days of childhood. After passing a night a* this town, which seems to nestle in the corner of the Valley of the Rhone, they began the ascent of the Tete Noire, which Lenora thoroughly enjoyed. The path led first through orchards and vineyards, until they reached the higher level covered autumn-tinted woods and firtrees. While ascending, Lenora turned often to view the Valley of the Rhone which lay beneath, with its river winding amongst green levels and slopes, surrounded by mountains whose deep bluenesswasrelieved bymany a snowy tip gleaming in the morning sun. Soon, how ever, all views were lost, as the path wound into the depths of a fir forest, where the shade was so deep that the rocks and trunks of trees were overgrown with thick moss, where every step of ground was covered with a soft carpet, kept ever green by the spray sprinkled by the river Triente, as it roared and splashed over its rocky bed. The Southern girl seemed to find a strange excitement, to teel almost & sympathy with the wild stream so nearly human in its changing' moods — now running swiftly in smooth, good temper, or laughing lightly as it danced over the stones— now raging angrily against some boulder which stood up, invincible, in its very path : and then, after vain efforts to dash over the obstacle, bowing to the unconquerable by humbly slinking round on each. Bide, finding another channel and a way onward as best it could. Often Lenora would burst out into snatches of song with a wild gaiety that perturbed her stolid bridegroom, then sink into fits of melancholy which no less distressed him- Hers was one of nature's own artist souls, deep and vivid in its sympathy and love for beauty, but wild and undisciplined as the mountain stream. A spoilt child from her birth, how would she fare with a husband so dissimilar? Perchance, like the river,— struggle awhile and then find another outlet for her heart's energies. But at present the troubled period had set in. Though unable to explain her feelings to herself, she was chafing at the want of sympathy which each hour revealed more clearly to- exist, between herself and the man she was joined to for life. When, enraptured with some lovely peep, she turned, expecting to find a response in his face, Andre would be unmoved ; or, in answer to her exclamations, would remark that he saw nothing particular, a gloom would come over the young wife. And when, as they passed a stone cross set up by the way- side, the little Catholic would kneel to repeat a few aves, she was. angered by hearing her husband say, with a tinge of bitter impatience in his voice, ' Come, the night will overtake us, if you waste time in this way.' The next day, as they were descending the Tete Noire,, it was even worse, for there were many Tillages, each marked with the symbol of the faith, and sometimes a. shrine with a figure of the Virgin, before whom Lenora. would lay offerings of the flowers they had gathered on their path; and this especially tried poor Andre, and set him wondering how he should be received amongst his Calvanist brethren of Basle with a wife ' who bowed down before idolatrous images and wor shipped the snares of Antichrist.' The prospect of happiness for this ill- matched couple appeared small, but perhaps in reality might not prove so. Beneath the apparent outward discords— the only sounds audible to other men— are sometimes deep inner harmonies unheard by any but God, un known to all except the two souls thus combined,, yet forming the happiness of their union. Ib it not true that love brings a sudden inspiration which enables it to pierce through outward forms and Bee the power of harmony that exists between its own soul and that of the beloved — the divine eye= of affection perceiving the divine germ that has been breathed into every human being, but is so deeply buried as to be visible only to the inspired eye? And may it not be true that, to test the faith and patience of the newly united— when the irrevocable deed to which this in spiration led is accomplished— the perception of that: inner harmony is lost and only the discords are appa rent for awhile— discords that seem new because not not noted before, and consequently doubly trying, but which, if patiently endured and heard through ears of love, at last find their place, and blending with the minor harmony from the minor chord of life ? And the minor, in life as in music, if less clear and joyous than the major, is all the more beautiful from the plaintive wail which seems like a yearning for the more perfect union found impossible on earth, but hoped for in heaven. So it might prove with Andr6 and Lenora, who were now beginning to feel the dis cords, but might ere long turn them into music. God never creates the strong drawing together of love with out some groundwork of affinity, and it is only those who have not patience to look for this foundation that find no happiness in the fulfilment of their desires* The case of our bride and bridegroom — it may have been the mutual filling up of their dissimilarities which formed their harmony — the origin of their love may have been the yearning of the bare cold northern nature to be warmed by tbe exuberance of the southern, the longing of the passionate, ever varying, imaginative soul to be steadied by the strong, consis tent regularity of the practical. If so, all would be right in the end. But to return to the journey over the Tete Noire. After passing several villages our travellers traversed a-- barren rocy plain scattered over with granite boulders, legacies left by the glaciers which had once occupied; T but in the lapse of ages Iiad retired to distant Hcts Every moment the scenery became more Snfifal,fcr one AiquUle after another came into eight, !^ Lenora grew more and more delighted as they broached Argentiere, and she saw the glacier coming aown almost into theheartof the village, and the jagged nriine ef the Verte and the Aiquille de Chardonnet standine out sharp and dazzling against the autumn VT Then -winding along the banks of the river Arve they at last reached the valley of Chamouni. Here 'the excited girl's ecstacy knew no bounds ; she alternately clasped and clapped her hands, exclaim f: ^^ now they were really in the heart of the snow mountains, and no longer gazing at them from a vague ImDOSsible distance. Lenora was now quite happy, and would fain have remained many days at Caa mouni. But Legrele declared that he had already delaved far too long on the journey, and insisted on ^enartine the next day for Genera. So away they dashed in the Diligence, she, at first, with pouting and reluctance, which only changed to pleasure when itev came within sight of the lovely lake and city of Geneva For this place she conceived an ardent fancv and declared she would rather live there than anywhere in Switzerland. The deep blue of the ?water satisfied her southern love of colour, and the distant view of Mont Blanc her necessity for the sight of a snow mountain. But, although Andre had a good deal of business to t ansact with the watchmakers, they did not remain there many days, but were soon on their way to Basle, where he introduced his young wife to her future home. But she did not admire Basle from the very first, and he was grieved at her evident disappointment. Poor Legrele ! the troubles consequent upon his hasty step came thick and fast. His employer, angry at his long absence, had already filled up his place ; the other watchmakers took exception at his hasty marriage— thought it betokened an unsteady mind, and refused to employ him, while his old friends, one and all, were shocked at his having wedded a Papist. The second Sunday after his arrival he persuaded Lenora to accompany him to the Calvanistic service, but only this once. She would never go again, but repaired constancy to the Roman Catholic chapel, declaring that the bare church and cold form of Pro testant worship chilled her so that she could not pray. Then the elders of the Church admonished Legrele that he ought not to allow his wife to commit such inquiries as going to confession and wor shipping the Virgin, but for the good of her soul compel her to take every opportunity of becoming regenerate, describing to him the horrors and damnation that awaited the followers of Antichrist. But it was all to no purpose. In the first instance it ?wouldhavebeendiffieultto compel thepassionateltalian todoanythingehedidnotchoose.andinthesecondplace, Andre, in spite of his colder nature, loved and admired hiB bride far too much to believe that she was one of the goats reserved for everlasting fire. He was un orthodox only on this one point, that, in spite of doctrine, he would never believe that his young wife waB not one of the elect— could never be convinced that he was within the gates of salvation, and she —so pure and bright, shut out. This was very illogical, because he adhered to the Calvinistic doctrines in all other points, but where they touched his own heart strings. So does God's higher logic of love make hopeless dilemmas out of man's harsh propositions. At last sectarian indignation reached a crisis when it was discovered that Andre allowed Mdme. Legrele to hang up a cross in her chamber, and he found himself gradually deserted by his friends and destitute of em ployment. For many months this state of things con tinued, and he became by no means as happy as a bridegroom ought to be. Lenora was generally very loving and tender, and grew more and more subdued, seldom now indulging in the moods and passions of a spoilt child. But it was evident she was losing her brightness. Her free spirit pined to wander over her native mountains, and she never could become ac customed to the coldness and confinement of Basle. At last he yielded to her persuasions to leave this city and repair to Geneva, where she would be more happy, and he able to pursue his handicraft more successfully. Great was her joy when they quitted the inhospitable scene of her first married life. She brightened so much that her husband felt rewarded for the trouble he had taken to gratify her desires. After they had settled into a modest home, and Legrele had obtained regular employment as a fitter together of watch machinery, Lenora had much leasure time, and spent many happy hours in wandering on the shores ot'LakeLenmn. But one morning there came another inmate of that home. A baby was born, an Italian-looking boy, with his mother's eyes, the resemfeiance to her as he grew older, heightened by their expression— the far-away longing look of Mdme. Legrele, with sometimes, yet rarely, die dancing gleam of the young Lenora. 