WORTH READING, WORTH BUYING. I say, wo have de.- vi ed literature; what do wo, as a nation, care about nooks '! How much do you think we spend a-. to gether on our libraries, public or priva".-.. us enronnred with what we suenrl on . nr horses "? If a man spends lavishly or; h:.; dbrary you call him mnd — abibiiooyodac. But you never ca'i ono a harst-uin. i.v, though men ruin luemselve-' ev-.-ry day i>y their horses. Or to go lower sill!, how much do you tld ..k the euntve's "J ho book-cellars of the United K;:v. dom. public an..' private, woni l fct-h, as e..m- nare-ff with i ha con! eats of its wim-:- cidlavs '? What position would its ex penditure on literal tiro take as compared willi Us expenditure o.; luxurious eating ? We ttlk of food for tl s mind, as of food for the body. Now a good book contains such food inexhaustibly: it is provisions for life, and for the best part of us; yet how long most people would iook at flic best book before rhev would give the price of a large turbot for it, though there have been met: who have pinched finer stomach and bared their backs to buy a hoik, whose libraries were cheaper them I think, in the end, than most men's dinners are. We are few oi' u# put to such a trial, and more the nil. ; i'or, indeed, a precious thing is all she mora precious to us if it has been won by work or economy ; aiui if public libraries were half as cosily as public dinners, or boobs cost the roii'h part of what brace lets do, even foolish men and women might sometimes su-peat there was good in reading a3 well as munching and sparkling ; whereas the vc- ry cheapness of literature is making even wiser p-..nle forget that if a book is worlh reading it is worth buying. — " Ruskin's Sesame and Lilies." The Suez Mail. — The E.M.S.S. Riant will be despatched from H' br-on's Bay, with mails for India, Etiropo and the United Kingdom, on Tuesday, 3rd September. The times ap pointed for etosinp ".t Breehivorth are as fol low:— For registered letters, :ic 6 p.m. on Saturday, 31st. Aupust ; for ordinary letters, via Southampton and vi'-t. Brindisi, at 2.30 p.m. on Monday, 2nd September; for news papers, via Southampton. 2.30 p.m. on Men- day, 2nd September ; and via Brindisi, 2.30 p m. 0:1 Monday, 2nd September; mouev or.J.-.rs, payable in the United Kingdom, will tie issued up to 3 p.m., and from 6 to T p.m., on Saturday, 31st August. Letters, from other district towns, the mails from which have to pass through Bsechivorth , must, he posted in time to reach that town bv the above dates. Too Manv. — Three young 'ndic- of thr female persuasion advertised in y.\«t"r:':ty's issue theirhankerings towards ' be mail iu-vm.ial state. They did not irish evidently to he troubled with the writing of letters, so used printer's ink rcqiustiur7 ihat all the (-li.dbie swains might meet them ufc some convergent spot. The I'ost-offfce and eight o'clock last evening ivas the place and time selected. We suppose the young women had a i<>i.k a the Post-ofHee Jurinc the evening. If they did, their surprise nm-fc have been somerhinc horrible, for lining tin- footpath on each ski" of the road was. instead of three, not less than 300 I Some were married, a great ntnny wero bachelors, the halt, the lame. etc. — we were just going to write, the blind --had come out to see what was going on. Any trio of yonng ladies pas-ing tit) View point last night were most severely scrutinised, as sueii a group 1 ..lora'.v led to the si: -p h IV 1 that " that v. as ibi nt " I: too much a good thing evidently, far the you:::' sd verlisers had not. the chain-'- to go among crowd, and pick out three young gentlemen. People passing unawares of what bad c amed tbe gathering, were surprised in no small de gree at the large muster. IIoiv Love Helped a> Pri-soner. — " Kb-s nie. George," she sai l and chained' to the rest of the gauges h - was. George ni'innsreil to kiss the girl. The otiit-pprfsonirs topfceil on in envy, and the shoibtLniiifi iudulgonth-. But Iioav much more the prisoners vrr-ttld have envied tlv- t kiss,, and how sternly would the officers have prohibited it,, hud either known that between those eorai' Jin- there was a small key fitting She steel brace- let on Georse's w lists Bre.-iselv how hp. put to practie il usa ait:- farewell kiss. is pot known ; but h- did unlock kts bonds, and although the train va'-goaur :st a veryt-raoid rate, conveying hiui, iu Poinded, through a wiudoiT and escaped. > A Policeman's M :>'w ic-v — LA. ca&o.catne; under our. notice 'on Titos-ovr'tha t-srrauiiy reflects very little <-ri 3b. on A>mo tnemb.ers of the Netv -South WaVexau ista&qlary; , althouxh. it must be said that. ' ifey are generally iug-tfe. and very seldom lualop' -H.' mistake; ' Tlie pkher day a man named Fr-iio? rt Cunningham 1 w>-s' rfrrested at 'Gdrmaiaoii «>q a. charge of "Swgi ing a £10 cbeque'Trr ""Yoiionaa. 'The p;irson arrested "was isuiija Arc - tr> 00 Edward LiVJy tor, the suspected --ccS «) 'd»uij according'' to the description .o'( the. : '.offender,-' i Mr, Cunningham bor /- ;w much resemblance to him as h- e did' to a Chippewa Indian. Cunningham avila brought before the Ger- mauton Pol' ice 'Court and remanded to Wodonga, av hen it was at once seen 'that he ivas not the xvan that was " wanted. Mr O'Callagha' a, one of tbe presiding magistrates, said that it . was oue of the grossest blunders — in allud; .ng to the arrest. — that he had ever heard of. Mr Cunningham has been a week in gaol, s . -d at length is discharged, without even the <L isfaction of havmu H ghost of :t cbanee enghig himself. — 'Border Post. -x rev t . Pigeon Shooting. — At the C'uimpi Match, shot in Alelbourne on Tuesday, tit third prize ivas wau by Mr W. Diglit Bnngowaimali, near Albury, who killed nitt birds out of eleven. Mr P J. Johnson O Melbourne won tbe first prize, killing nin birds in succession ; tlie second prize falling to Mr \Y. Sayer, of the l'ruice of IVTilcs Hotel. Scholastic Changes — We uiuicrstnrl (says the Lispatch) ihat it is likely Mr IL Broivn, ivho is at present third assistau teacher in the Wangaralta Siatr- School, wi be promoted to take charge of the Moun Ochtertvre school, situated near Broivn ' Plains, This school is at pies' i;t uridsrth nianagemcut of Mr J. C. iioad Mr Brow & holds a first-class certificate, and Mr Iload is desirous of luvinc greater facilities fox studying against tlie D comber examination ; bettce Ave understand he will till Mr Brown 'a place in the Wangaratta school Mr Hoa d lias been teaching iu t'ne Mor.iit flchtcrtjrt school for some ciglit months, .Tie has bee 3Et successful in his efforts, having brought; the average tip to 3fi. a real success, wh-n the propinquity of the ;!: n's P'aiu", an old established school, is taken iuto coasiiit rafioB. A Dainty Rat - 'Mr K.ioiy, of the Camp," relates the Tor ran newer Times, ' had a vc-ry peculiar surprise a few" days since. A relation ot bis, residing in the Gee ong dis trict, got mavri: !. au i in accordance with the established rule toere ivas a ivcdding cake. A piece of the v.-. d ling cake, together with a piece of iacewi .!,- for Miss Kenny j were enclosed in an envelop,., ;>.ul addressed to Mr Kenny, Maldon, and duly posted. La course of events, the if. > -t ;\m-.ined in the Geelong Post-office fiom tiaturday night til Mondtty morning, and v/:s then forwarded on. The surprise Mr Kenny got was the receipt of a dirty, torn pi- ce of paper, held together by sc;aps of sticking plaster, this being all that remained of the letter, cake, and lnceivork for hi3 daughter. < >n the paper was inscribed, > Opened by7 the rats at ihe Geelong office I' and a stamp mark, '4d more to pay.' The rats had devoured the cake and a greater portion of tlio lace" A Disillusion. At a recent hail in Paris, tho electric light was tried t> ihe imminent tlLi omfituro of som- of tlio liuhes, 7,nu of themf whoso cosmetic objected to the ectric flame f :e;i perfectly black. False roses were tils played in all their nakedness, a d a regular -rinmpodQ in.'o a dressing ii om took place. There vongfi was washed off and powder dusted on ; but the effect of the letter process was sti it more comical. Bach iady looked as if h:.if prepared for l ie ro o of a lown in a pantomime. The i-i-roductiou oi Ihi# i lumifi r.atiOH was not a pract' .-al joke ; Monsieur On onisoni simply desirsd to have Ins rooms hrilliiiutiy lighted, and was gnfiticss of a ma- . ih i ,us int mtioo - f eo'.vsrtin-.; his establish- ni'.ui ini a a " Paiace of Truth." 