% .Ui / MACBETH. / Mr. Thomas 'Kenny, a clever essay- \ ist, and who has written most ably on ( the subject of " Macbeth," oharact r- ) ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime \ and terror relieved by the most mag- ( nificent imaginative expression,"' yet J marlced with great simplicity of general \ design. The date of the production of ( the piece is set by Furnival at 1605-6, J and " we may trdce it for granted," \ says Kenny, " that it was written in f the time of James the"' First, who ascended the throne March, 160.3, as it C contains an evident allusion to that r monarch in act iv. scene I, and .also a ) complimentary reference to him in an- A other part. The material for the play ( was found by Shakespeare' in Holin- 1 shed's History of Scotland, where the ( story of Macbeth is told at page 168." / The Macbeth and Duncan are repre- I sented to have been cousins ; the first ( a valiant gentleman but of, cruel dispo- ) sition, and the latter "so soft and \ gentle in his nature th.at the people C wished the inclination and m.anners of ) thc'two to have been so tempered and J intGrchang..ably shared betwixt them ( that where the one had too much of ) clemency and the other of cruelty, the \ main virtue belween these two e.xtre- ( mities might have reigned by indiffer- ) ent partition in them iioth. The play \ all along keeps close to the line of ( Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely ) any particular e.xcept in the non- ' appearance in the b.anqiiet scene of the ( murdered Banquo's ghost." ) This tragedy lias been presented in C Melbourne we believe: oftener than any / other of Shakespeare's works. -The. \ late G. V. Brooke, Charles Kean, Charles Vincent, in their time essayed the part, and we have had other repre- \ sentatives, from the burly McKean f Buchanan and James Anderson to the ' ) little dapper J. B.' Howe. But few \ artists have made their. Melbourne f debut in the r6le of the Thane of Caw- J dor. Of those who have, we now call \ to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, at the The- f atre Royal, July 2, i860, Mrs. Charles Poole supporting him as Lady Mao- befh, Mr. Henry Edwards as Macduff, Mrs. Winterbottom as Malcolm, and the principal singing witches were Mrs. Hancock and the . late Julia- M.attliews. Previous te that, on. Aug. 25» 1858, at the sanie theatre, there burst upon the theatrical firmament an Australian Roscius, Master Edward Pole, ..aged, 14! jHe also played.the part, which , as. ja feat of '.memory was extremely ,Wbn'- derful. This gentleman has. loiig lefc the stage and' become a " family man,'!, and now follotvs' the prosaic business of a thriving papcrhanger. At the' time , of the " Gho.st" sensa- . tion ih Melbourne, in 1863; this tragedy: w.as revived to be produced with ." .Pep? per's- ghost effects.'' which were ::an-; nduncecl .as "combining the real with the ideal, the scientific and the pdetl:, c.al, the positive and the illusory." with thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- market Theatre, August 22, 1863, when under the management of the late James Simmonds. The part of Mac- bet/i was alternately played by Me.ssrs.. R. Younge and Henry Edwanis, the Zad// Macbeth was by the late charm- in, Annie Lockhart. It was in the part of the " Thane's guilty wife" that Miss Godd.ard ,Mrs. CapelJ in.ade her bow befoie a, Mel bourne .audience, at the Theatre Royal, Augii.st 24, 1857. the late G. V. Brooke appealing as Macbeth. The Oper.a of " Macbeth," by Vcrdi, has been presented in Melboiime by two different companies at an interval :of twelve years. The first production was. at tlie Theatre Royal, September 8, i860, with the Bianehi Opera t.om- pany.. Signora Bianehi undertook the music of Lrtrf// Macbeth, Signor Bianehi Macduff, Emile Coulon Macbeth, John liantiuo, Walter Sherwin MaZ- colm. aiid Mr. John Winterbottom was conductor of the orchestra. The se cond tiine the Oper.a was revived was at the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. W. S. Ly.ster and Cagli. The title r6le Macbeth) was allotted to Signor Tournerie, Mnoduff to Signer Leandro Coy, Banquo to .Signor Dondi, Mal colm to ."Signor Benso, Physician to Signor Favas, Gentlewoman to Signora Tournerie, and 'Lady Macbeth to Sig nora Zenoni. 