DIOCESAN SYNOD. The Annual Session of the Synod of the Church of Boglaxid in the Diocese of Ade laide was opened at St. Peter's Cathedral on Tuesday. May 21, at 11 o'clock, when the Hok communion was aaminisierea. mere were present 35 of the clergy and about 50 lay Synodsmen and others. Th« Venerable Arch deacon Marryat read the service, assisted by the Bev. Canon Coombs and the Bishop's Vicar, the 'Rev. Dr. Dendy. The office was a choral one by Dr. -J. Hubert Parrie, and included the Kyrie, Crede, Gloria^ Gratius, Sanctus, and Gloria in Excelsis. The hymns were Nos. 215, 396, 318, and the offertory sentences were by Barnby. On the conclusion of the service the Vicae- General, the Very Eev. Dean Russell, delivered an address on THE REACTION TOWARDS SUPERSTITION AND THE ACTIVITY OF MODERN UNBELIEF. I shall ask your consideration to-day to two topics of public and general interest. I am particularly anxious, however, you should note the fact that I do not speak to you with aut io rity, but solely as a member of your body oc -a pying accidentally at this time the- leading place among you, and that no one but myself can be held responsible for anything that I may say. The two most striking features of the times, as affecting the Church and religion, are the reaction towards superstition within the Church and the feverish activity of modern unbelief out- side it. We are now brought by the post and telegraph 'into such close relations with the mother-country that every movement or reac- tion of thought there tells directly, and with hardly any delay, on the state of feeling and opinion amongst ourselves. I — THE REACTION TOWARDS SUPERSTITION. In the Church at home we have during the last year or two seen a state of agitation hardly paralleled at any time since the Reformation. A particular system of theological and eccle siastical opinion, which had for years been making itself powerfully felt, has at length, under the apparently innocent name of Ritualism, taken such form and assumed such proportions as to challenge the attention of every religious minded observer. It has passed beyond the ranks of the clerical leaders, and we have seen it, through the influence of zealous and singularly devoted pastors, here and there taking strong hold on masses of the people. Such reactionary movements have their influence, more or less dearly felt, on the more eager, imaginative, and ideal minds amongst ourselves ; whilst there are others, neither eager nor imaginative, but imi tative and mechanical, who unthinkingly follow any change of fashion in the Church with which eminent names are identified. THE LEADING IDEA OF RITUALISM. 1\. It is a common belief of those who take a superficial view of the subject that the charac teristic of the later Ritualism is merely its large use of the aids of art in worship, and its disposition to lavish on the service of God all that can make it rich and beautiful. But in all this there is nothing distinctive. Ritualism is not content with even a rich ceremonial unless it can be made to symbolize certain doctrines. These might startle if they were nakedly ex pressed, but, presented in the beautiful forms of a premeditated ceremonial, are designed to attract, until the mind can be familiarized with them and prepared to receive the teaching which they conceal. It is above all things important that we should distinguish between the things. in worship which are innocent and those which are dangerous to purity of faith. A beautiful and reverential ceremonial, such as that of our own Cathedral, is one thing, but the teaching by means of a carefully-adapted ceremonial an alien doctrine, is another. I have to call your attention, then, to what seems the leading idea of Ritualism. It is its great exaggeration of the authority and power of the priesthood. That priests are men empowered to make a way for man into the- presence of God, as an extension here on earth of the atoning work of Christ — this is essentially the Ritualistic conception of the Christian ministry. Yet the only ' hiera- teuma' (priesthood in the higher sense) known to the New Testament is the Christian congre gation. 'Ye are,'says St. Peter, 'a spiritual house, a holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices.' Christian ministers may, un doubtedly, in this spiritual conception of human life, be priests in common with their fellows, and may deserve that name by way of eminence because specially set apart in behalf of their brethren as their representatives to offer their common " spiritual sacrifice.' (The often-quoted words of our Lord, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost,' &c;, it may be remarked, were pro nounced not on the Apostles only, bat also on 'the disciples' that were with them.) But this is a very different idea from that which regards the priesthood as lifting men np to a class by themselves, the sole possessors of the interior mysteries of religion. There is here all the difference between a priestly order and a sacerdotal caste. If you ask me what position I assign to the Anglican School as distinguished from the Ritualistic, I answer that the distinc tion of the Ritualists is their adherence to Medieval, that of the Anglicans their adherence to Primitive doctrine. As far as I can understand Anglicans hold a Doctrine of the Priesthood in the more evangelic sense ; but add to this the position that not merely as a matter of becoming arrangement, but by a Divine ordinance, all who are admitted to this order must be ordained by Bishops with their assisting presbyters. It is a doctrine of a Representative Priesthood, supplemented by a doctrine of divinely-esta blished order in selection, setting apart, and mission to exercise it. These two positions are separable from one another, and it is with the former only that we are now concerned. If they, in common with some of the old writers, occasionally transfer to this representative priesthood ideas derived from sacerdotal ana logy, we must distinguish between the language of illustration and poetic imagery and the language of doctrine. There is indeed in the actual position of the Church as an ecclesiastical organization that which is sufficiency distinctive, without encumbering ourselves with a question* able theory. The Apostolic Succession exists amongst us as matter of fact, and as a law of the Church. Historically it is susceptible of proof that the Church of England possesses an unbroken succession of orders from the first age of Christianity ; whilst it is the law of the Church, which attaches importance to both Scriptural rule and Primitive example, that the clergy must be or dained by Bishops who have themselves valid consecration. The 23rd article seems, indeed, to allow that this is not necessarily a law fur all Christendom under all circumstances ; but the Ordinal undoubtedly fixes it as the law of the Church of England. The Church also recognises a grace given in ordination, but given in answer to the prayers of the Church and through the Church itself, as the living Body of Christ and 'Sacramental medium between earth and heaven,' insomuch that such a thing as an ordination without the precatory assis tance of a congregation, was never heard of amongst us. The idea of such a grace commu nicated by mystical effusion, by the mere im position of hands, is as foreign to the Ordinal as it is to the New Testament; but it belongs to the very idea of the Church that in its most solemn acts — of which Ordination is one of the most solemn — it should be the means of transmitting the Divine Unction. On the one hand, we have the teaching of Scripture (Heb. yii.) that Priesthood in the highest sense of all is held by Christ alone; that fie in contrast with the mortality and evanescence of all other priest hoods u abideth a priest continually, and hath an unchangeable priesthood.' But on the other hand, the truth taught by the Bible and the Chinch of the oneness between Christ and tbe members of His Body, is not to be thrown into the background. To the eye of faith the incar nation has changed everything. The world is now a consecrated temple, where all are worship pers and all are priests. The glory of the rank and dignity of the true King and Priest sheds lustre on the humblest of His followers, whom He has made fellows with Himself. As con -trasted with the transient nobilities and hier archies of the world, it is true that the ' chil dren of the regeneration' are ' nobles by right of an earlier creation, and priests by the impo sition of a mightier hand.' To be selected to represent them, to act ministerially in behalf of this ' royal priesthood,' is an honour -sufficiently high for any Pastor or any Doctor of the Church. THE CONFESSIONAL. 2\. The leading idea of the Ritualistic system penetrates the whole regimen and practice of its clergy in their cores. They insist not merely on caen confessing their sins to God and '.to one another,' bat on their resorting habitually and as a system is the clergy to con fess iheir secret sins to them, in-ecder to obtain al solution. Tbe pastoral anttanoe allowed by the Church for cases of unusual distress of con science is by them to amplified and extended as -to become the normal discipline of Christian life. So absolute a necessity of a spiritual life lias this came to be regarded that devout per sons who have learnt to depend on it, when they leave Ritualistic parishes for others where the clergyman discourages habitual confession, almost invariably betake themselves to the Roman Church. I am thankful to know that no such practice has established itself amongst ourselves, but I point it out for the warning of those who may be attracted by the more beautiful aspects of Ritualism, that this is a natural and inevitable application of the system, and the logical out come of the theory, For if a man believes that , to him such mystic powers are given for the salva tion of souls he must regard their exercise in the light of an inexorable duty. If it is in 'reality thus that he is to ' watch for souls," his vigilance must never for an instant relax. When once this conviction has fastened on him, he has lost his freedom as a nan — he is ' aut sacerdos aut nullus — he has lost his right to repel any penitent, or to turn away with loathing from the exposure of any morbid condition of the -soul, however revolting. Like the physician who has accepted a sacred trust, he must steel himself to look on the ulcer and the gangrene and the noisomeness of the deeply-seated cancer, although he knows that the recollection will so poison -and pollute his imagination that not all the wholesome and pure employments of his mind in its happier moments, can avail to ' sweeten ' it. This is the system which under the impulse of the Ritualistic movement has sought to find lodgment in the bosom of the English Church But the attempt will never succeed. The nation may tolerate much, but not this. Nothing has more discredited Ritualism than this attempt to introduce into English parishes a regimen essentially Roman and Mediaeval. That thus the movement is regarded by devout and intelligent Roman Catholics, we have abundant proof. I content myself with referring you to an article by the Abbe Martin in the Nineteenth Century for February — an article to the tone and temper of which no exception can be taken. EUCHARISTIC DOCTRINE AND CEREMONIAL. 3\. But it is in the celebration of the Holy Communion that the attempt has been made to give to the theory the fullest symbolic expres sion. People wonder why men of good sense and keen intelligence should make so much ado about the eucharistic vestments. It has been remarked that whereas the Established Church. of Scotland between 30 and 40 years ago was shaken to its centre fay a great ecclesiastical controversy, the matter then in dispute was sufficient to account for the deep agitation of a religious people, being in their view nothing less than the great question of the Headship of Christ in His Church. On the other hand it has been observed with contemptuous surprise that the greatest storm in the Church of England in recent times has raged around a few ornaments and vestments. But this contempt is the super ficial contempt of men who have not penetrated to the heart of the controversy. The question of the vestments would have no value in any man's eyes were it not that they stand forth as a symbol of something infinitely more impor tant. The passionate earnestness with which it has been sought to retain or revive them means, at least with some, the retention at all hazards of the last vestige of evidence that there may still exist in the Church of England a sacerdotal priesthood. The high Anglican divines went no further than to assert that the Eucharist is a commemorative sacrifice or a commemoration of the one sacrifice of the Cross, but the Ritualists reject all such qualifying phrases. It is now 'the holy sacrifice.' Consistently with the idea that in the Church the atoning work of Christ is still in progress, the sacrament is described even by men who call themselves English Churchmen, as 'an extension of the incarnation ;' whilst its ceremonial has been carried to a point which leaves hardly a faint line of demarcation between the English Com munion and the Roman Mass. The consecrated elements are offered on the altar as a propitiatory act, and when consecrated elevated for the adoration of the faithful. This has indeed been repressed by law, but it has been repeatedly attempted. The celebration itself has been accompanied by gestures and prostrations of the body, signifying rather the crouching abasement of the slave than the reverential lowliness of mind of the childlike disciple. The body and blood of Christ are not merely present to the recipient, but are placed locally on the table. Men capable of making nice distinctions separate as by the finest hairbreadth this presentment of the eucharistic doctrine from the developed dogmaof transubstantiation.but to the unlearned worshipper all such distinctions are shadowy and unreal. The Abbe Martin pleads with English Romanists to deal tenderly with the Ritualists^'whom he sees engaged in the work of ' converting' the Church of England. If he so regards it, we looking at their teaching from within the Church, must not be deemed uncharitable if we pronounce it ' an alien doc trine.' We see therefore that if this system were in the end to made any great inroad on the Church of England, which as yet it only threatens to do, it would in reality be the obliteration of centuries of Christian life in England, and a falling back into the lap of superstition. It is time, I think, then to warn men rot heedlessly to consent to the use of loose uncertain phrases, which are coming into fashion, and to remind them that whatsoever priesthood the Church of England possesses, it is not a sacerdotal priesthood. I am very far indeed from wishing to imply that into the Eucharist there enter no sacrificial elements. The whole language of Christianity is sacrificial. The one tremendous fact of a Suffering Son of God colours every act of reli gion, and most deeply of all imbues the highest act of earthly worship. The Church itself is a kingdom of priests who by that blood have been themselves redeemed to God. In that kingdom the Cross is the characteristic emblem, the sign of royalty in suffering. The law on which our regenerated human life is built is a law of sacrifice. To reduce the Sacrameat to a mere memorial of something in the past, would be to cast aside all this as insignificant and to empty the Sacrament of its most characteristic meaning. It is the Church's constant celebra tion of the sacrifice of Christ and the application of its benefits to those who receive. But we must never forget that the sacrifice of Christ is an Eternal act ; that thongh in the offering on the Cross it was manifested in Time, yet the Lamb of God is One ' slain from the foundation of the world.' As an eternal act it has no past and no futnre ; the eternal things belong to a sphere which time cannot contain within itself ; therefore that sacrifice not only is not to be repeated, but in the nature of things cannot be, for in that which is Eternal there is no suc cession. Moreover, you cannot repeat its Mani festation, for a thing made manifest stands there a revealed fact once for all. You cannot rediscover a truth, though you may repeat and renew the impression made by its discovery. Whilst the Eternal Sacrifice is still as truly present to the Church as on the day of cruci fixion, the Sacrament is its perpetual celebration with praise and thanksgiving, but its celebration by the whole Church and priesthood -of God. The grace, the active power, of the eternal love of God reaching the soul of the man, in the sac ramental act touches the spring of all that in him which is spiritual, and so links together the eternal thought of God and the life the man has to live under His holy inspiration. I am warranted, therefore, in saying that, in order to attach the highest value to this Sacra ment—to regard it as a real communication of Himself by Christ to His people — it-is not neces sary to introduce the idea of a sacrificing priesthood perpetually offering Him on the altar. On the contrary, the introduction of that idea obscures the greater truth of the exercise of His priestly office by Christ, not in Heaven alone but here on earth. It is to exchange a spiritual for a material presence — a living Christ present to the soul for a material substance visible to the eye, under which as 'a veil' we may imagine Him to be, and dignify this imagi nation with the name of faith. There is a closer connection than you might suppose between this system, which professes to exalt faith to the uttermost, and that materialistic philosophy which at this very time is assailing the founda tions of religion. It is materialism within the Church debasing, by its sensuous superstition. th« most spiritual act of Christian devotion. It is perhaps, however, not a wholly evil thing that Ritualism in its later excesses has forced on our view the real nature of the contrasted doctrines — that which is medieval and that which is primitive — that we may choose between them ; that we may clear our minds of all vague ness of conception and our language of all am biguity of phrase; that we may decide, once for all, whether we shall be content with the doc trine of the Apostles and the Primitive fathers or surrender it in favour of that of the middle age schoolmen. It may happen to some that, all unconscious of it, they are even now drifting in the latter direction, following, perhaps, some favourite leader or catching up the glib theology of some newspaper oracle; and therefore it is no unfriendly act to ask them to take heed to their steps. Affectionate persuasion, not menace or coercion, is not only the most Christianlike but the most effectual way of meeting such encroachments of evil. II. MODERN UNBELIEF. Any review of the signs of the times as affect ing religion would be incomplete without a reference to the feverish activity of modern unbelief. It is to be feared that here the sins of the fathers have descended to us their children. Hardly an important conquest of new truth in the field of science has been made which has not been hindered or denounced by men full of coward fears for the interests of revelation ; as if there could be two kinds of truth, or as if any tree thing could be prevented from taking its place in the annals of the world by raising against it the cry of religions error ; or as if revelation could have any " interests"apart from those the truth. Usually this cry has pro ceeded most loudly from men of deficient infor nation, wholly incompetent to test the supposed discovery. Nor is their faith, of the right temper and quality. It is not a strong bnt a feeble and timorous faith that gives itself over to these alarms. And now the Nemesis has come. 'We find eminent physicists and biologists regarding believers in Christianity as their traditional foes, to whom there has descended an inheritance of suspicion and hatred. The orthodox have been stigmatized as " The Bourbons of Theology"— men to whom time can teach nothing because they are incapable of learning. Even if amongst them there should appear a new disposition to regard science as an ally whose discoveries may run apparently parallel to the facts of revelation, whilst yet the two lines are in reality insensibly tending towards one another to meet at some point, though it be a distant one, this is regarded as only part of the new ' tactics' resorted to by the scared defenders of religion now that the old tactics have proved a mistake. Believers are regarded, and almost described in so many words, as men who cannot reason because their notions about the supernatural have stuffed their brains with so much 'theological wool.' We are assailed from all quarters and in the most various ways — sometimes with passionate invec tive, and sometimes with the lighter weapons of raillery and persiflage. Now it is Professor Huxley's science acidulated with sarcasm ; now the anti-Christian fanaticism of Professor Clifford; and now (to our sorrow) the more engaging scepticism of Professor Tyndall — a sceptic apparently in his own despite, and not without his involuntary moods of devotion. In Professor Huxley in particular the very name of theology or theologian seems to arouse a frenzy of tempestuous wrath and scorn hardly compatible with the character of the calm philosophic enquirer. We ask with some amazement, ' Tantaene animis calestibus irae ?'' It is manifest that he can find no real justifica tion for his scorn, otherwise he would not have recourse to the transparent expedient (which he might well leave to meaner controversialists) of identifying theologians as a class with the more intolerant and prejudiced members of their order. And Professor Tyndall, whose assault is less rude, yet bestows on believers in a revealed religion, as from same superior height of illumination, a compassionate treatment not without tenderness for their charming childlike simplicity, which is hardly less irritating. THE AGNOSTIC SYLLOGISM. (1.) It seems to be settled by the illuminati that we can know nothing of God, or immor- tality, or our relation to the unseen world. Why ? Because science can tell us nothing of any of these things. But waiving the ques- tion whether science can indeed tell us nothing, observe the syllogism which we are expected to receive. It runs thus : — ' Nothing in the universal sphere of things can be known as true which cannot be subjected to a scientific test ; the supernatural objects of faith cannot be subjected to this test, therefore of them we can know nothing." But here it is the premiss itself which requires to be proved. The mathematician might with equal right pos- tulate the statement that nothing can be known as certainly true which cannot be demonstrated, and with logic equally convincing overwhelm with ridicule all the discussions of ethical philosophy. Our admiration of the talents and the acquirements of men of science often assumes a character of awe ; but our respect for their authority, where they have gained the right to speak with authority, must not betray us into an implicit acceptance of their logical fallacies. EVOLUTION— ITS THEOLOGICAL SIGNIFICANCE IF PROVED. (2.) The particular theory which has been seized on as most hostile to the claims of Christianity, and fatal to all belief in supernatural existence, is that of Evolution. Professor Huxley's hope that it may be ultimately established is partly for the sake of science, to give it certitude and coherence, but partly also (he hardly affects to conceal) for the sake of confounding the theolo- gians and exploding once for all what he is pleased to call the ' cosmogony of Moses.' Yet it is significant that the theory has not been re- garded by Mr. Darwin, the author of the theory, or by Mr. Wallace, his most distinguished dis- ciple, as inconsistent at least with a belief in God. They are both Theists (Theism being itself a form of belief in the supernatural), nor has either of them ever turned the theory to any anti-Christian purpose. If it should be established we should be compelled to admit that the various species of creatures which hitherto we have regarded as the result of separate acts of creation, have been developed one out of another by variation and natural selection. Such a theory is startling ; but sup posing it to have proved its case, when you have pursued your investigations to the most rudimental substance, you are no nearer nonentity than at first. You have only thrown further back the point of contact between material creation and its Creator. And if the original creative energy could set in motion such a series of changes, evolving in the successive groups of beings even selective intelligence and an activity of in- stinct rising at last in man to the exertion of a self-determining will, what do you do but magnify the creative function of God ? Under these unexpected circumstances, you conceive of Him not merely as a mighty artificer, making one thing after another with an inexhaustible fertility of design, but as a Creator able to transfer his creative function in a finite degree to the work of his hands, and to project the creative process through countless ages. And, though the introduction of a great many links in the chain of being may seem to place God at a greater distance from us, this is an impression arising solely from the infirmity of our own minds ; for to God all things are immediately present as they are, not apprehended relatively through succession in time. Happily there are other ways of finding God than by tracking laboriously the print of His footsteps in the material universe. By a diviner manner of knowledge, the humblest believer knows that he is in actual relation to the Father of Spirits, and that with Him he can maintain unbroken communion. HAS IT BEEN ESTABLISHED ? (3.) But the question remains — Has this theory which the Agnostics hail as the death blow to faith in all above Nature been in reality established ? Professor Huxley is a man of too great scientific integrity to pretend that it has. Up to this time he has never retracted what he said originally in 1860, and afterwards in the " Lay Sermons' in 1871 — that, "as the evidence stands, it is, not absolutely proven that a group of animals, having all the characters exhibited by species in nature, has ever been originated by selection, whether artificial or natural." Then, in reference to Mr. Darwin's attempts to diminish the force of the objection — "We admit the value of these arguments to the fullest extent. Nay, we will go so far as to express our belief that experiments conducted by a skilful physiologist would very probably obtain the desired production of mutually more or less infertile breeds from a common stock in a com paratively few years, but still, as the case stands at present, this little ' rift within the lute' is not to be disguised or overlooked." What a " comparatively few years" may mean leaves room for conjecture, but 18 years have passed away since the ' skilful physiologist' was thus publicly advertised for, and he has not as yet presented himself. Certainly the predicted feat has never been performed. At the Berlin conference of German naturalists last September Professor Virchow insisted on the observance of a much clearer distinction than is commonly made between scientific facts ascertained and scientific hypotheses or problems which are at the present time the subject of research, and the following words are pertinent to the matter in hand : — ' Every attempt to form our problems into doctrines, to introduce our hypotheses as the basis of instruction— especially the attempt simply to dispossess the Church and to supplant its dogmas forthwith by a religion of evolution — be assured, gentlemen, every such attempt will make shipwreck, and in its wreck will bring with it the greatest perils for the whole position of science.' It will be noticed also that, while Mr. Darwin hopes eventually to establish a line of connection between the various groups from the very beginning of 'the struggle for existence' up to man, Mr. Wallace expressly declines the attempt and abandons the expecta tion. ' We may admit,' he says, ' that those who claim for man a position and an order, a class or sub-kingdom for himself, have some reason on their side. He is indeed a being apart, since he is not influenced by the great laws which irresistibly modify all other organic beings.' He goes en to predict for man a future far completer empire over Nature and the lower creatures than anything we have yet dreamt of— in an eloquent passage which reads like a scientific justification of the triumphant language of the eighth Psalm. Professor Virchow, dealing with the same question — Whether man' has ancestors among the other vertebrate animals'— says, ' I am now specially engaged in the theory of anthropology ; but I am bound to declare that every positive advance we have made in the province of prehistoric anthropology has actually removed us further from the proof of such a connection.' And finally, we have lately seen Professsor Calderwood, of Edinburgh, showing that the question as to evolution has its moral as well as its physical side, and that between the moral nature of man and the most highly organized and cultivated of the brutes there yawns a vast and apparently impassable chasm. If, then, evolution is to be the potent instru ment by which the idea of God is to be expelled from Nature, and all intervention of the super- natural in man's life is to be proved impossible, the prophets of unbelief must wait a little before it can be ready to their hand. Nay, it may prove in the end that they must " let that alone forever.' (4.) But the temper of the Christian believer in reference to the enquiry should be fearless and dispassionate. We are not, like the priests of the old and dead superstitions, afraid of the spell of some mightier magic than our own ; er, like the men of Ephesus, trembling because our craft is in danger. But we profess before God and man that our most earnest desire is to hold nothing as matter of belief but what is true, and for this very reason will hold that alone to be true which has been com pletely and satisfactorily proved. If the emer gence of new scientific truth should show any particular line of theological argument to be untenable, the history of Christian thought in the past may serve to assure us that there will not be wanting thinkers, assisted by the Spirit of God, to give the newly discovered truth its proper place in the general scheme of Christian belief. SCIENCE AND PRESENTIMENT. For, after all, it is not we who discover truth, but God who discovers it to us. If discovery should come through those who do not know and do not believe in the true source of all their illumination, we at least believe with Male- branche that even philosophic " attention' is a kind of unconscious ' prayer for light,' which never goes without its reward. For although science has been described by a distinguished biologist as ' nothing but trained and organized common sense,' the history of modern discovery does not justify this description as complete. On the contrary', some of the most famous con- tributions to knowledge have been anticipations by men whose minds have gained a kind of imaginative scientific insight into that which is as yet hidden from them by the limited range of ascertained fact. They have alighted, by insight and presentiment, on some happy hypothesis suggesting the true explana- tion of perplexing and almost contradictory phenomena, even before the proof of it has been or can be established. Many a previous mis leading hypothesis has been entertained, and at length discredited by the test of experi- ment or calculation. But at last by a process of mental suggestion which they are wholly unable to explain, another hypothesis has arisen in their minds which has proved to be the true light shining on their path, indicating to them the particular line of investigation by which they axe destined to lay bare to the world the special truth of which they were in search. If, then, we honour these masters and seers, it is for more than their ' trained common sense.' Another and a higher kind of perception is here at work ; and we do not hesitate to say that there ia here the benediction of the eternal Wisdom on faculties devoted with an admirable singleness of purpose to .' the unlocking of the gates of sense and the kindling a greater natural light' for the better understanding of the things that are seen. In reference even to these things no man can greatly add to the sum of human knowledge without becoming in the end the benefactor of the Christian Church. In this temper of mind we would contemplate the patient labours of those devoted students of science whose alienation from Christianity is a grief to us, the greater for our admiration of their splendid powers, and the homage we cannot but render to their virtuous industry in their chosen pursuit. CHRIST AND CHRISTIANITY. But looking to the unsettled nature of many of the questions now in {debate, it will be our wisdom to counsel our people not to perplex themselves with controversy about unsolved scientific problems, but to turn their atten tion maibly to the most tangible and substantial of all the Christian facts — the Life, the Person, and Character of Our Lord Jesus Christ, and Christianity itself as a power which has during nearly 19 centuries been exhibiting its character to the world. It is here that the admissions of those who regard Christianity only from the outside show us that our vantage ground really is. The late John Stuart Mill declared — ' Whatever else may be taken away from us by rational criticism, Christ is still left, a unique figure, not more unlike all His pre cursors than all his followers.' He adds — " It is of no use to say that Christ, as exhibited to us in the Gospels, is not historical, and that we know not how much that is admirable has been auperadded by the tradition of His followers. . . . Who among His disciples or among His proselytes was capable of inventing the sayings ascribed to Jesus, or of imagining the life and character revealed in the Gospels ?' Mr. Sime, in his ' Life of Lessing,' says that ' the evan- gelists, who narrate facts with dry simplicity, have given us a history of Christ's Passion in which there is not a passage we can touch with the point of a needle by which art has not profited.' And Mr. Lecky, the historian of Rationalism and of Morals, has felt himself wholly unable to restrain the following burst of admiration : — ' It was reserved for Christianity to present to the world an ideal character which throughout all the changes of 18 centuries has inspired the hearts of men with an impassioned love; has shown itself capable of acting on all ages, nations, temperaments, and conditions . . and has exercised so deep an influence that it may be truly said that the simple record of three short years of active life has done more to regenerate and to soften mankind than all the disquisitions of philosophers and all the exhortations of moralists.' What can be a grander office than that of un- folding the Divine and human elements of this beautiful and holy life— its relation to an eternal Fatherly purpose — its typical represen tation of all that is essential to man's life when lived at its best ? In unfolding all this we shall have sympathizing listeners outside those who are regularly under our pastoral care. And in reference to tbe body of truth which we rightly call ' Catholic,' what is the best way to com mend that to the real faith of men ? Surely it is by seeking every point of actual contact with what men believe rather than by fulminations against them for what they disbelieve, by nourishing in them any 'small seed-corn' of faith that it may grow, if it please God, into a vigorous plant. We may strongly repel the assault of the unfair-minded opponent of belief, and yet our reliance must be not on the strength of our arguments, but on the presence in the midst of all truth-seeking men of an informing spirit of knowledge and love, preparing their minds to welcome every suggestion of truth that is in harmony with it. It should be deeply settled in us, as matter of our inmost belief, that, as Professor Maurice said 25 years ago, " we stand not upon traditions or upon men, though these men were Apostles and Prophets ; but that we stand upon their foundation; that the spirit in which they spake is given to us, to make us true men, to make us understand true words, and to make us speak true words our selves.' ('Sermons on the Prayer Book.") As we regard the investigations of science not only without dismay, but rather in the spirit of Him who sat in the midst of the doctors eagerly listen ing to them and 'asking them questions,' with like interest and sympathy do we watch the progress of that wholesome Rationalism, which has been defined as " the attempt to reconcile the religious tradition with the reason, and to define the logical ideas which underlie the popular religious consciousness." (Symonds' Renaissance.) But because we have human sympathy, our eye alights with sorrow and pro- found compassion on men who seem to be the peculiar production of our age, ' disillusioned,' without faith, without hope, certain of nothing except (by a kind of parody of faith) that there is nothing certain ; to whom the positivism of materialistic science presents itself with a singular fascination, as reviving their faint capacity of believing in anything whatever. It lights up in those sad souls some brief interest in the world in which they have to live, whether they will or no ; but it is but like the passing spell of some incantation which touches the soul only so long as the nerves are vibrating under its influence, but leaves it in the end, saying to itself, as it were, under its breath (what St. Paul said long ago) " If in this life only we have hope we are of all men most miserable.' Let me close my address by one more quotation from the revered author from whom but now I borrowed some powerful words. 'Unless,' said Frederick Maurice, ' unless there be proof that spiritual power is superior to mechanical ; that the world is subject to God, and not to chance or nature; that there is an order far more perfect and beautiful than that of suns and stars, in which men are intended to abide, and in which everything that is great and noble in them receives ita full development, I see not how the materialist superstition can fail to become the creed of every nation, and to bring about the decay of all institutions and political life ; all feeling, affection, hope. But with the other (and more spiritual) faith it has been found possible for men to pursue physical science. The world has presented itself to them as a solemn, awful subject of study, but not as a tyrant before whom they most bow. They have learnt that the mere customary links which connect a fact with its highest principle may be suspended for the purpose of making that principle manifest. They have therefore risen above the slavish notion that sensible experience is the law to which all things are subjected ; they have been able to set it at nought and defy it. Not merely the astronomer, but every chemist who has truly investigated tbe factions and powers of material things, has mo red on this line, humbly asking Nature to tell him her secrets, and receiving answers— the most satisfactory, indeed — but the most contrary to our sensible anticipations and conclusions.' (' Kingdom of Christ,' vol. I.) Forgive me for having so severely taxed your patience. No topics, I think, could have more properly occupied the attention of a Christian Synod. A briefer discussion of them would have been worse than useless. At least I should have so considered it, and so have bad to choose between silence and very open and explicit speech. BUSINESS MBBTBfO. The meeting for the dispatch of business was held at the Church Office at 3 o'clock, the Yicar-General presiding. SYKODAL SOIX. The Synodal roll was made up as follows : — 1\. Holy Trinity, Adelaide— Rev. Richardson Reid, W. Gos8e, W. H. Holmes, W. Shakespeare, J. Porter. 2\. Christchurch.North Adelaide— Archdeacon Marryat, MA., J. Bath, D. Garlick, S. Smith, J. Barker. 3\. St. Luke's, Adelaide— Rev. James Pollitt, H. Boucaut, S. Higgs, J. H. Cunningham, L. G. Madley. 4\. St. Paul's. Adelaide— Dean Russell, J. C. Bray, E. M. Smith. T. H. Hawkins, BL S. Anthony. 5\. St. Paul's, Port Adelaide— Rev. 8. Green, A. Jones, H. H. Thomas. 6\. St. John's, Adelaide— Rev. F. S. Poole, M.A., F. H. Carter, T. E. Ward, J. White, H. Gillman. 7\. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood— Rev. W. B. Andrews, J. E. Moulden.C. B. Mitchell. 8\. All Sainta'.Hindmarah— Rev. H.M. Pollitt, B. Taylor, T. Hardy. 9\. St. Margaret's, Woodville— Rev. A. Dendy, D.D., G. A. Connor. 10\. St. Andrew's, Walkerville — Archdeacon Dove, M-a... C. B. Young, C. C. Cornish. 11\. St. Matthew's, Kensington — Rev. E. Jenkins, W. B. Hull. E. W. Meredith. 12\. St. George's, Woodforde— Rev. A. Honner, H. D. Cruttenden. 13\. St. Michael's, Mitcham— Rev. H. Bead, MA., N. Oldbam, J. Williams. 14\. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond — Rev. W. H. Mudie, J. H. Wiles, J. N. Taylor. 15\. 16. St. Mary's, South-road, and Christ church, O'Halloran Hill— Rev. J. Bach, B. H. Babbage, H. D. O'Halloran. 17\. St. Peter's, Glenelg— Rev. T. Field, M^L, W. S. Douglas, H. Ferguson. 18, 19. St. Stephen's, Willunga, and St Philip and St. James's, Noarlunga— Rev. E. K. Miller, H. Malpas, J. G. Holmes. 20, 21, 22. St. James's, Blakiston, Christ church, Mount Barker, and St. Thomas's, Bal hannah— Rev. J. W. Gower, B. Gray, J. T. Williams, H.Kerr. 23\. St. George's, Gawler—ReT. Canon Coombs, T. O. Jones, J.Thornley. 24\. Christchurch, Kapunda — Rev. J. M. Donaldson. W. Barlow. W. D. Scott 25\. St. Mary's, the Burra— Rev. H. Howitfc, N. Blyth,F.A. Grant. 26\. St. Jude's, Port Elliot— Rev. E.T.Hbwell, M.A., H. Field. 27\. St. John's, Mount Pleasant— Rev. R. W. Holden (Deacon), W. Phillis. 28\. St. Peter's, Robe— Rev. J. F. Hocter, B.A., Rev. W. J. Bussell (Deacon). 29\. Christchurch, Mount Gambier — Same as St. Peter's. Robe, H. K. Hughes, F. Halcomb. 30\. St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln — Rev. O.Ham- mond, J. S. Browne, S. C. Pearson. 31\. Christchurch, Yankalilla— Rev. O. W. Morse, B A., E. Lovelock. 32\. All Saints', Moonta— Rev. J. H. Oorraa, B.A., A. McGeorge, G. F. Wyatt. 33, 34. St. John's. Macclesfield, and St. MaryV Echnnga— Rev. H. Bevis. ', 35\. Holy Trinity, Riverton— Rev. J. Hough ton, J. Bosworth. : 36\. St. James's, Glenbum— Same as No. 31, T. W. Vaudrey. 37\. Emanuel, Chinkford— Same as No. 35, W. G. Cole. 38\. 39. St. Michael's, Bungaree, and St. Barnabas, Clare— Rev. R. B. Webb, MA, G. W. Hawkes, J. G Pitcher. 40\. St. Johnls, Auburn — Rev. C. W. Hawkins, J. W. Castine, J. S. Anthony. 41\. St. Mary's, Wallaroo— Rev. O. G. Taplin, G. W. Sillifant, 42\. St. Martin's, Campbelltown— Same as No. 12, H. E. Downer. 43\. St. Ann's, Aldinga — Same as Nos 18 and 19. 44\. Holy Evangelists', Goolwa— Same as No. 28, G. E. DeMole. 45\. Christchurch, Kadina — Same as No. 41, J. Ey. 46\. Cbristchurch. Stratbalbyn— Same as Nos. 33 and 34, 0. H. T. Connor. 47\. St. Jude's, Brighton— Same as No. 15, H. Dutton. 48\. St. Paul's, Rhynie— Same as No. 35, W. Nickolls. 49\. Holy Trinity. Lyndoch~Rev. A. Sells. The following Churches Were recommended to be placed on the roll of parishes entitled to send representatives to Synod : — St. Augustine's, Port Augusta, and Holy Trinity, Melrose, Rev. H. Williams, T. G. Pleydell, E. G. Gregory. The following clergy also hold the licence of the Bishop and are on the roll :— Revs. Canon Farr, M.A., F. Williams, M.A., W. H. Sharp, MA., J. C. Haynes, W. G. Robinson (Deacon), E. 0. Spicer, BA. (Deacon), F. T. Whitington (Deacon), W. F. Marshall. THE YICAR-GESEB1L. The commission of the Bishop under which the Vicar-General was entitled to preside was read. electiok committee's hbpoht. Recommended that the following Churches be placed on the roll of parishes entitled to send representatives to Synod : — St. Augustine's, Port Augusta ; Holy Trinity, Melrose. In the present quasi-missionary state of these parishes they deemed it unnecessary to recommend Synod to define the boundaries. The report was adopted. orncEES of stxod. The Vicar-General appointed the Rev F. T. Whitington to act as Reporter to Synod, Mr. C. B. Young as Lay Secretary, and the Rev. S. Green as Clerical Secretary. ELHCTIOlt COMMITTEE. This Committee for the year was elected as follows: — Archdeacon Marryat, the Rev. S. Green, the Hon. N. Blyth, Messrs. C. B. Young and J. C. Bray. APPEAL FROM ELECTION COKXTTTEB. St. Peter's, Williamstown, applied to be admitted to union with Synod. Referred to the Election Committee, to meet next day. 6TATH OF TRfc DIOCESE. The Vicab-Geneeal read the following re port: — 1\. The Bishop's Absence. — There seems some thing almost unnatural in the assembling of our Synod without the Bishop at its head. In my farewell interview with His Lordship he told tee that, all being well, his return to the diocese would not be postponed beyond St. Paul's Day at the latest. In the Lambeth Episcopal Conference, in which he is about to take part, it is certainly desirable that thera should be one so well qualified as he is to represent the views of the Australian Church, its desire for closer union with the mother Church, and at the same time its claim to independent action. We trust the Bishop may deriva much happiness from his intercourse with his episcopal brethren, gathered together from all parts of the English-speaking world. For our own part we can best signify to him at once our loyalty and our sympathy by devoting to the business of the Church in this diocese even more than our usual carefulness of Bttention. 2\. Deceased Members. — The past year has removed from us some of those lay brethren who formerly took a leading part in our counsel! and have rendered services of lasting worth. Such men were Frederic Wicksteed, Marshall MacDermott, Handyside Duncan, and Oliver Keble Richardson. Not only do we honour their memory, but we know with the knowledge of faith that they are one with us still in the blessed Communion of Saints. 3\. The Consecration of the Cathedral on the first day of the present civil year excited the greatest interest throughout the Church. Thanks to Dr. Dendy, the arrangements for the consecration were very orderly and complete. The higher service maintained within the walla of the Cathedral has supplied an acknowleged want. The presence amongst us during the consecration week of their Lordships the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballaarat, was not only a per sonal gratification to many, but a fresh stimulus of life to ns all. Whilst recording our gratitude I add the expression o( hope that in the coming years the repeated discharge of such offices of reciprocal kindness may knit still more closely the bonds of a common life between ourselves and our brethren in this great Australian Iand.J f 4. Cathedral Endowment — The Cathedral, though so far complete, requires farther expen diture on the interior, bnt, what is still more essential, needs the endowment of a Preceator ship, to be held by one of the Vicars-Choral or otherwise. Now that the fact is mentioned, those who have ' gotten themselves wealth' in this country will no doubt make haste to supply thii deficiency by gifts or bequests. 5\. St. Peter's SchooL— The fact that Canon Farr has resigned the Head Mastership of St. Peter's Collegiate School having become gene rally known, I should not be satisfying your feelings or my own were I not to express our high appreciation of the services he has rendered to Christian education. The steps Uken bythe governing body of tbis school are such that it i« hoped an able successor may ere long be found. 6\. The Clergy. — The number of our clergy is now '43. One much-esteemed clergyman, the Rev. H. J. Poole, has left us, having raceived preferment in the Diocese of Melbourne. Another, the Rev. R. Joslin, after a brief but earnest ministry, has deceased. The Rev. H, Bevis, from the Diocese of Wellington, New Zealand, was in July last licensed to the mis sionary cure of Stratbalbyn. with Echunga, Meadows, and Langhorne's Bridge, carrying his ministry as far as Wellington. Three theological students have been ordained to the Diaconate, viz , Mr. E. C. Spicer, BA. (Melbourne), Mr. F. T. 'Whitington, and Mr. W. J. Bussell, matricu lated students of the Adelaide University. These three young clergymen all received their earlv education in this colony, and give such good promise of future usefulness as to en courage the hope that we may by-and-by recruit the ranks of our clergy almost entirely from the youths growingup amongst us. In addition to these the Rev. W. G. Robinson, M.JL, of Trinity College, Dublin, finding his health failing, was led to seek the genial climate of South Australia. He arrived in January, and was licensed to act as Bishop's Chaplain, chiefly in the supply of vacant cures. These are valu able additions to the clerical body. 7\. Lay Readers —It is gratifying to find our laymen still willing to give their unpaid ser vices in this assistant work. Twelve additional lay readers have been licensed during the year, viz., Messrs. A. M. Wilson, R. C. Yeo, K. Elphick, W. Kelly, O. Weld, J. E. Bell, W. H. Addison, J. H. Cunningham, S. Higgs, W. Warner, E. M. Dudley, and W. Thwaites— serving at Kadina, Moonta', Kilkerran, Balhan nah, Blakiston, Mount Barker, Streaky Bay, Adelaide, Wallaroo, Auburn, and Wakefield. 8\. Church Extension— The Areas.— The at tempt to provide the people settled in the Areas with the ministrations of the Oburcb has been at length successful. The way had been pre pared in the northern townships by the Rev. E. T. Howell and Archdeacon Dove ; and as a ten tative measure they were placed for the first year under the charge of the Rev. Hartley Williams, Incumbent of Melrose and Port Au gusta. But two fresh district* have now been formed — tbe one consisting of Laura, James town, Georgetown, and Gladstone, under the care of the Rev. E. C. Spicer ; the other coiiM«t ing of Port Pirie, Crystal Brook, and Redhill, under the care of the Rev. F. T. WhitingtoB ; Mr. Williams also undertaking missionary duty in his own neighbourhood. The Yorke's Penin sula Areas are now likewise occupied. The northern portion, with Maitland for its centre, is attached to the cure of the Rev. J.H. Oorvan ; whilst the southern, including Edithburgh, Stansbury, Diamond Lake, Yorketown, Minla ton, and Mount Rat, is placed provisionally under the care of the Rev. W. F. Marshall. This latter mission had been ably organized by the Rev. C. W. Morse, who during the past year made eight missionary visits to the Peninsula, besides two to Kangaroo Island. The R«v. W. J. Bussell is acting as mission curate in the South-East, under the direction of the Rev. J. F. Hocter, and ministering at Penola, Narra coorte, and other townships. Preparatory steps have been taken for the occupation of the Bramfield Mission in connection with Streaky Bay, the Attorneys of the S.P.G. having pro mised an annual grant of £50. 9\. Bush Missions. — The Archdeacon of Flin ders continues his periodical visits to tha stations as far north of Adelaide as 400 miles. Permanent arrangements for a more regular ministry are rendered difficult by the unsettled state of all squatting property in view of the advancement of agricultural settlement. The Rev. H. Howitt also continues his quarterly visits to stations extending 90 miles north of the Burra, in a different line from that of Arch deacon Dove. The Rev. C. G. Taplin this year made a missionary tour along the Western' coast as far as Streaky Bay, only to report, like his predecessors, that such flying visits are merely 'better than nothing.' There is still much ground to be opened up. The Bishop told the Standing Committee thtt u from Wellington to Lacepede Bay there is no missionary of our Church. On the west and western side of Spencer's Gulf there is much need of one.' He pointed, too, to the Gawler Ranges, the country to tha north and north-west of Port Augusta, and towards the North-East as far as the Barrier Ranges. There is indeed ' a vast pastoral dis trict,' much of which will probably never be in vaded by the plough — certainly not for many jears. There some minister of the Church should be at work satisfying the desires of the religious minded, and as to those who have become utterly indifferent, humanizing, civilizing. Christianizing. What is wanted is the pastoral superintendence of a resident, yet constantly travelling missionary, carrying on his work, very much according to the method and in the spirit of the late Archdeacon Twopeny. 10\. Clerical Incomes. — I have obtained per mission to place before you some information, confidentially supplied, respecting the parochial incomes of the clergy derived from the voluntary support of their people, bearing on two points — (1) the sufficiency of the amount ; (2) the punc tuality and regularity of payment. In the Government service the salaries are graduated according to class and length of service. The maximum salary is — Second class, £420 ; third, £330; fourth, £270; fifth, £210; sixth, £150. In order justly to comparo with these rates the incomes of the clergy, in all cases where there is a parsonage, or parsonage and glebe, a sum equivalent to rental has been added to the amount actually received. There are seven clergymen ef the diocese whose income is de rived in whole or in part from scholastic or non parochial sources. These are not reckoned. From two I have no definite information. Of the remaining 34 it appears that five have in comes over the second-class maximum (£420), seven over the minimum of the same clws (£350), seven more under the maximum of the third class (£330), then 12 under the maximum of the fourth class (£270). and three under the maximum of the fifth class (£210). Bat the officers of tbe civil service are paid punctually every month, whilst in most cases there is no regularity or system in the mode adopted for paying clerical incomes. Some clergymen say they do not know when they are to expect pay ment, or in what amounts within any given time ; and the cases are few in which the in come known or expected to be available is not in arrear. There is one obvious corrective to this. In those parishes (of which at present there is only one) where the pew-rents are large enough to constitute a sufficient income, all that is wanted is a good system of collection. But in those where the pew-rents are not sufficient, if pew-rents and offertory were thrown into a common fund, it would at once appear whether the fund affords an adequate stipend (endow ment, of course, being reckoned) ; and if not, it should be supplemented by annual subscriptions to a Parochial or Stipend Fund; and at each Easter Vestry the stipend should be fixed, so that the pastor of the parish should know on what scale he may order his expenses. Stipends might also be paid monthly with the same regu larity as salaries in the public service, if an account were opened at a Bank, arrangements being made by which the inconvenience of arrears ?woHld fall not on the clergyman, but on the parish, which would have to make good cny overdraft. I commend this subject to the serious consideration of the laity throughout this Diocese. Considering how greatly the colony has increased in wealth, it is not too much, I think, to ask that every clergyman who has served seven years should have an income not less than the maximum of a third-class officer in the Civil Service, But regularity of payment is still more importapt. Perhaps not half-a-dozen persons in any parish know what the stipend of the clergyman is, but every man who loves his Church ought to make it his business to know and to see that the proper means are taken for having it paid. There is'no want of willingness, but there is some want of thoughtful consideration and of busi ness-like arrangement. The fact is that the 15 clergy of the diocese receiving no more than the salary of a Civil officer of the fourth or fifth class comprise some of the ablest and most highly esteemed of the whole body, as well as some who have served for nearly or quite a quarter of a century. This state of things is the more provoking because there is absolutely no necessity for it. 11\. Confirmations. — On this snbjoct I quote the words of the Biahop : — ' During the last IS months, from Port Augusta to Gambierton, Port Pirie to Port Elliot, through the Northern Areas, Talunga, Lyndoch^as far as Glenburn in the South, I have visited the Churches and con firmed about 520 adults or youDg persons of en age rarely below 15. The crowded congrega tions, the fervency and reverence of the cate chumens, have permitted me to thank God and take courage.' This may well be considered a very remarkable statement when His Lord ship's age is taken into account. 12\. The Melanetsian Mission. — It is satisfac tory to know that the amount remitted to the Bishop of Melanesia this rear exceeds that of last by about £60. This is chiefly due to the exertions of Sunday-schools, conspicuously that of Trinity Church, Adelaide. If the Rev. R. H. Codrington could visit this diocese a grdat stimulus would be given to the work of colbc tion; and there is some ground for the expeek tion that he may be able Ui .io no in tht coarse »f the year. You wiM .fcmbtleM desire to express to the Bwbop j our ^uw of th« lost the whole Church had matt«rin*d in the death of hi* father, the msn who created the Melaneaian Minion, and was Bble by the inspiring foroe of tris own enthuMmim to give- to the Church such i history and such a memory us that of Bishop Pattewm. 13\. The 1'ooniiKlie Illusion. — Our native tliwion bus ims.«e-) through a time of severe tickness, which in oevrral iosUnces proved fatal, [hiring thin time of trial the Key. O. Hammond pr»8 most kindly assiduous in his medical care }f the sick as well as in the ministry to them of ipirttual consolation. An attempt to deprive :he Mission of its pastoral tense was happily de feated. The Commiuiiouer of Grown Lands uade a personal visit of inspection, and tinder look that tbe lease should be renewed. It U much to be regretted that the local Bench of Magistrates have licensed a public-house on the road clone to the Poouindie boundary, which presents temptation of a nerioui kind and U not justified by any local necessity. 14\. Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund.— It is nost gratifying to observe the complete success )f this fund. With an accumulated capital of E5,500, an income of £650, and only four innuitants, the capital is rapidly increasing. Making every allowance for an increasing number of prospective claims it U evident that it will soon be quite consistent with prudence » increase the annuity. The Clergy Annuity Fund, for the benefit of aged and infirm clergy men, has as yet only collected £8*4 14s.4d.,but the collection is making fair progress. ' 15\. Church of Engliad Endowment Society. —I kave now to turn to a subject which will require careful handling. During the past year certain communication* have passed between the Standing Committee and the Church of England Endowment Society, to explain which it will be Benwsary to give a brief historical statement. The Society, consisting of lay members of the Church, was formed in I860. On June 11 of that year a public meeting was held in White's Rooms, in which tbe than Governor (Sir Richard MacDonnein, the Bishops of Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, and others took part, when the proposals of the Society were placed before the public. These were con tained in a publication, giving a full statement of the objects and the constitution of tha Society, to which was prefixed an address asking for the support of Churchmen. Copies of this bearing tbe date 1860 still exiit, and may bo consulted. According to the constitution then proposed , it was announced that while the manage ment of the Society was vested in a Board of Directors, twelve in number (including the Chairman and Deputy-Chairman) ' the appro priation of the income ahull be under the oon trol of Synod.' The objects stated were the ' placing the stipends of the clergy on a footing which should be at once permanent, becoming, and liberal,' and the ' adding to the number of that body.' It was provided that a general public meeting should be held each year on a given day in January, and that this meeting the clergy should be invited to attend. The Society was not incorporated till September 25, 1863, but by that time the constitution of the Society had been materially altered, although it does not appear that either the Synod or the public had received any intimation that the original plan had been so greatly modified. In the altered constitution the control of the Synod over the appropriation of income was practically withdrawn. For thongh tho distribution and application were still said to be ' in tbe discretion of the Diocesan Synod,' that discretion was distrusted and disallowed by subsequent clauses. The Synod was to be ' guided' in such distribution by ' the recom mendation of the President and Board of Direc tors.' The recommendation of the latter when funds were paid over was, further, to 'govern the Synod in the application of the funds so paid over.' Still, however, the opportunity was to be given to the Synod to satisfy .the Board of Directors, if it could, that any particular pro posed application of funds would not be desi rable. The Bishop wan retained in his position as President of the Society, and Chairman, as of right, of general meetings; but the proposal to hold annual public meetings, to which 'the clergy should be invited,' had totally disap peared. I know nothing of the history of the private deliberations which led to these certainly not unimportant changes, nor is it necessary to enquire into this in what purports to be a mere naked statement of facts. The Standing Com mittee until recently were not aware that such changes had been made; for though the sew rules and regulations of the Incorporated Society were printed in 1864, in an outward form closely resembling that of 1800, the one publication was naturally snpposod to be a more reproduction of the other. Even in .this second document, however, it appears that the Directors are still bound to 'pay over' to the Synod the whole of each year's income which is applicable for distribution, to inform the Synod by way of 'recommendation' of the in tended mode of application, and to afford to the clergy and lay representatives »f the Church an opportunity of making known any reasonable objection that may occur to them. In point of fact the income, though no doubt well adminis tered, has never been as a whole paid over to Synod. Part of it has been appropriated for grants for endowment according to a plan approved by Synod ; part of it has been placed at the disposal of the Bishop by the Directors for one or other of the objects contem plated by the Society ; but u yet the Society does not appear to have recognised the fact that the Synod is a body consisting of three orders, each one of which has a right to discuss f,VerV part of the annual scheme of appropriation. Now, for the first time, we, lafe & statement before us which satisfies 6ne part of the Standing Committee's requirement ; but the other part — that the annual available income, eren if accom panied with a compulsive 'recommendation' from the Directors, shall be 'paid over' to Synod (and, of course, appear in the accounts of its Treasurers) — has not been complied with. ? Whilst giving you, as concisely as I could, such a statement of facts as might make intelligible to you the proceedings ot the Standing Com mittee, I muiit at the same time ask you to observe with gratitude the noble generosity of those lay donors who have created for tbe benefit of the diocese a considerable capital. What the amount of that capital is, the form of the accounts transmitted by the Society hardly enables a person unlearned in accounts to state - with precision ; but I am given to understand that it is not less than £20,000. The net income' of the year is stated «b £1,000. The Secretary informs us of ' the mode determined on' bv the Board for the appropriation of the year's income, which, you will observe, is a form of expression more absolute than tbe constitution of the Society justifies. According to Rule 7 of the Society an intended appropriation can only come before Synod in the form of a ' recom mendation'— a recommendation no doubt in tbe last report compulsive, but om which Synod has the right given it to express its opinion. I will only add that I trust there may always be between tbe Directors and the Synod a cordially good understanding. If the Directors will only recognise the fact of our exiitence, and act iu accordance with their own rules: if they will believe, as I think they reasonably may, that the suggestions of persons having the most inti mate practical knowledge of the matters with which the Society has to deal may be worthy of their serious consideration, I think they will find no cause for apprehension of action on the part of Synod which can disconcert or inconve nience them. EXDOwirorr of chubches. 16\. For tbe information of Synod I hate caused to be prepared a statement showing the Churches actually endowed, the present annual income, and tbe sources from which the capital has been provided. This shows a total capital of £15,650, of which the Synod has contributed £2,018 15s., the Attorneys of SP.G. £4,191 5s., the Church Endowment Society £4,240, whilst there has been raised by local effort in tke several parishes £5,150. I suggest that tbis statement be printed along with the other document* in the Ann'n%T Report of Synod. 17\. St. BarnaWs College.— Under this name tbe Bishop wishes to associate with the Cathe dral a theological college. He hopes to obtain a substantial grant from the S.P.O.K., and I shall be greatly surprised if bis expectation of fiupport from Churchmen in this Diocese should be disappointed. The Bishop has said, ' It is at once surprising and gratifying to me to be able to state that of 43 clergy licensed in this Diocese 20 have been admitted by myself to holy orders, nor are they the least efficient or least cultivated of the body.' How true these words are we well know. It will be a great step gained if we can help the Bishop to supply our parishes with a native clergy, trained in a Church College where, while pursuing their studies with ardour, the Cathedral may contri bute another kind of association of laating and salutary power over their future ministry. 18\. iJishop's Executive Council.— The Bishop has explained tbe importance he attaches to tho establishment of a Council of Advice, to aid him in certain matters not falling directly within ?he province of the chapter— bis council in things spiritual — or of the Standing Committee. Such a Council was uc ruinated last year, the .Synod instructing the Standing Committee to cc-operate with His Lordship in carrying out Las design by electing two of its members to ?erreon it. The Bishop ha* left with me a memorandam containing hia views oa this sub ject. He wishes the Council to assume a per manent character as one of the institutions of the Diocese, under the name of Bishop's Execu tive Council The increase in the number of the clergy and the enlarged area of missionary work and stations are such as to cause him to desire to be ' assisted in carrying on the ecclesi astical arrangements of the Diorese by a consultative and executive Council.' The matters oa which it would be asked to advise would concern '(1) the opening new missions; (2) the appointing clergymen to them ; (3) the preparing measures for the con sideration of the Standing Committee or Synod ; (4) the rPttfc'fg recommendations for the appro priation of funds to the Standing Committee or to Synod if in session, or to the Attorneys of the SJP.&rOr; to the Church of England Endow ment Society.' Aa to the constitution of the body. His Lordship proposes that it should consist of five members, viz.— 1, the Vicar General ex ojjicio;2 and 3, one Archdeacon and one Synodsman, both nominated by the Bishop; 4 and 5, two members of Standing Committee, elected annually and eligible for re-electioa. OJhe proceedings of the Council ' should be re ported monthly to the Standing Committee.' The Synod will perhaps express its opinion oa this subject ; and if it approve, delegate as in ]art session to the Standing Committee the e lection jof two lay members. I may mention |that this u Council of Advice' has met regularly during the year morthly, and that as a member of it I can express my opinion that it has a real utility. It would often save time to the Standing Committee by preparing a carefol statement . of circumstances with which it is asked to deaL And it is always opea as a body to advise any member of the Chur-h as to the beat way of coming to the help of the Church in any direction. The question I have to put to jou, them, is— The Bishop having intimated his intention to form ouch » Council, are. you willing so far to co- operate with him as to direct the Standing Committee to ele-jt two members to serve on it? . ~ 19. Uew Church Societies.— The Church of EuglandSunday- ScIiuolXJuiohfIreioicetobeabIe to tell yon, is fairly established, and has already been the. means of promoting a closer visiblo union between the clergy and Sunday-School teachers of our several piri8b.es. The Church Temperance Society was established at a public meeting in the Town Hall, but its complete organization. & delayed from want of funds. The, present meeting of so many of the clergy and laity in Adelaide may afford an opportunity of conference on the bent means of carrying oat the organization of this Society. , ' ,20. Acknowledgments and Thanks. — The Rev. C. L. Hutchins, Secretary to the House of Deputies,. lias forwarded the journal of the ?f Proceedings ,pf the American P. E. Church Convention, together with the Constitution and Canons of the Church.' . In. the absence of, the Bishop I have acknowledged receipt of this volume, with thanks. Our thanks are' also due the Melbourne Church Assembly for the 'Sta- tistics' of that diocese, in a pamphlet which I have juat received. Both of these publications are instructive and suggestive. I have also to express iny own thanks to our indefatigable ; Secretary, Mr. Anthnny, for the great assistance ha has rendered me on all occasions. It only remains for me, then, to say, in con clusion, that our Ohnrch has been endeavouring, to the best of her power, to meet the growing demanda of our people. 'We have had to under take this- work with sHch means and appliances «s we at present possess, not without a clear perception of a greater ideal good to be attained when better means and instruments are within ?our reach. The sense of deficiency must create the desire always to improve. It cannot be said, however, that our ecclesiastical polity and our ay item of Church administration have proved themselves ill adapted to the requirements of a country such as this, in spite of the absence of State support— in spite, too, of the difficulties incident to a constantly changing population. . Whilst we learn from America that during the last year 20 Congregationalist ministers have sought ordination in the American Epis copal Church, attracted by the greater breadth of , view aad freedom of thought to be enjoyed in that Communion, we find not a few amongst onr own most active clergy and laity who, originally trained under other religious in fluences, have been attracted by peculiarities of our devotion, or of our Church system, or by some kindling of thought through our public teaching, and are now amongst our most zealous workers. With reference to the other religious bodies around us, I need not say that it Is to us .a. source of deep regrtt that they are in separa tion from na ; but the separation was not our act. Under such circumstances we can but culti vate towards them a. friend- y spirit, and, whilst seekiag to learn from them and to emulate them in all that is good, often gladly act In con cert with them in philanthropic activity. If we are- sometimes exposed to criticism which we think not quite charitable, yet I think on the . whole the Church maintains as her characteristic temper, a benevolent forbearance, and disarms .hostility by the power of a persistent and invincible goodwill. The greatest triumph of toleration is tolerance of the intolerant, and this triumph, if it please God. we shall seek to achieve. TBBA8URBS3 AXD AUDITORS. ? \- These officers were re-elected as follows :- Treasurers — Messrs. H. Dutton and 'W. S. 1 Douglas ; Auditors— Messrs. J. H. Cunningham and H. D. Cruttenden. ; STAMDCtQ COMMITTHH. . , .The following Committee were appointed for the ensuing. year:— Clergy— Archdeacon Mar ryat, Rev. S. Green, Archdeacon Dove, Dean Russell, Revs. 'W. B. Andrews, Dr. Dendy, H. BLPollitt. Laity— Messrs. 0. B, Young, W. SV Douglas, Dr. Gosse, Messrs. H. S. Anthony, H. '. D. Cruttenden, Hon. K. Blytb, Meesrs. J. &. OunniBgham, AV. D. Scott, N. Oldham, J.O. Bray. H. E. Downer, H. D. O'Halloran, G. W. Eawkea.W. Barlow. KLECTIOK Of BEPBESHNTATTVES TO OENBEAt . ' , ' STtXOD. ; The mode of election recommended by the Standing Committee was adopted, and in accordance therewith representatives were elected as follows : — Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Farr. Revs. S. Green and E. T. Ho well; emergency-men — Canon Dove, Rev. W. B. Andrews. Messrs. 0. B. Young, H.! E. Downer, G. W. Hawkes, N. Blyth, and ! J. Williams ; emergency-men — Messrs. F. ! A. Grant and W. Barlow. ', EBPOBT OF 8TANDCTQ COManTTEK.— MATTERS ^UTRBHim BT 8YKOD. ' Representation of Disunited Parishes. — Regulation not fundamental recommended : — 'That in the event of the separation of any Churches or parishes which have hitherto been ? united or have formed part of a united parish it .shall be necessary for the minister or Chairman 1 of Vestry of such Church not later than 31st December in each year to address the Election Committee through the Secretary of Synod, and obtain their sanction to the full representation as a separate Church. The Election Committee if not fully satisfied may withhold its consent and refer the matter to the next meeting of Synod. But that no objections to the decision ' of the Election Committee can be entertained in Synod unless such objections and their reasons shall have been forwarded to the Secretary within one month after the Election Committee's decision has been given, and unless formal notice of motion shall have beea handed to the Secretary of Synod.' J i Election of Representatives to General Synod . —A mode of election was recommended. ! Council of Advice. — Archdeacon Dove and Mr. 0. B. Yeung had been elected to act on the Council. I Cathedral Aid Fund.— The officers of this fund had not complied with the request ; of Synod to bring up a report of the state of the funds to Standing Committee. j , Assessment.— Estimated expenditure for en suing year at £260. Recommended assessment , for ensuing year 8d. per sitting let, as per statis ; tical returns of 1S76-7, amounting to £J1S Ss: 8d_ being same rate as for last three years. The assessment for the past year had been sufficient to cover expenditure and leave balance in hand of £61 14s^ Sd. Recommended that in future Churches which send no representatives !to Synod, are not and have not been in Schedule; A, orarenotendowed.be assessed at the lowest rate, £1 5s. The Churches for the Dresent year ?were: — St. Albans, Gladstone ; 'St. Jamei's, Jamestown; St. John's, Laura; St. Jbhn'v Maitknd; St.* Paul's, Port Pine; St. Albahs, PprtWakefield; St Augustine's, Streaky R*yj St Augustine's, Virginia. ' Schedule C_.— In accordance with resolution of Synoid. limiting the time during which Churches should receive grant-in-aid, St. Mark's, Webdside, would be placed in Schedule C after to« 30,1379,, unless Synod should determine ^i1^®*. *ova Committee recommend that ?3s2S&!iSS££&S; ?*- **» ::S??S?.*^S.41-:'~.-«*Sfa v&emri-; IS76-T irvth ^ynca^AMessmentias*^7^ «soU' n Mission to the Heathen 138 10 9 160 12 n ' ? Paid— ? Grants in aidof Clerical Incomes _ m 399 14 0 48304 The Committee noticed with pleasure that there was an increase in the offertories for the Home Mission and the Mission to the Heitheo, and that the number of contributing Churches had also increased. Home Mission Fund. — They had again paid the grant in aid of clerical incomes it full scale, and would remind the clergy that no gran: wonld be made until the annual collection for this fund had been made and paid in. Mission to the Heathen. — They had voted t'ie whole of the funds placed at their disposal for the Melaceaian Mission. Endovcment of Churches. — During the past year the endowment of St. Jade's, Port Elliot, had beea completed, the parish subscribing £120 and the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society contributing £1SO (£300), bringing the total endowment of that church up to the maximum amount, viz., £500. The 'Wardens of AU Saints', Moonta, had applied for endowment, and the application had been approved. Schedule A (Churches receiving Aid). — The following Churches had been added to this schedule during the past year :— St. Augustine's, Port Augusta ; Holy Trinity, Melrone. Vacant Cures Endowment— Received £38 16s. 3d. from this source during the year. Balance in hand, £17 5a. lid. ' ' Absence of the Lord Bishop —On the 6th of March laat the Lord Bishop left the diocese for England, to attend the Pan- Anglican Synoi The Bishop expressed his intention to return before the end of the year. Commissary. — The Lord Bishop had appointed the Vicar-General to act as his Commiusary within the meaning of the Fundamental Provi sions and Regulations of Synod.. Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society. — Correspondence had taken place during the year between the Standing Com» mittee and the above Society respecting the in terpretation of Rule 7. ' ' I The Late Secretary.— Upon the lamente| death of Mr. Wicksteed the Committee sent aa address of cotdolence to the bereaved widow, accompanied by a pecuniary testimonial amounting to £404 19s. 7d., raised by subscrip tion, to which many fellow- colonists contri buted, as a mark of affection and esteem for her late husband. ; Appointment of Secretary. — On May 1$ 187?, Mr. H. S. Anthony was unanimously appointed Secretary. . ? j HBPOET KB PAEISH B0T7XDABIBS. . The Standing Committee reported that while in some cases the boundaries of parishes had been defined by Synod according to Fundamen tal Provision No. 13, in the majority of districts they had been denned by the Bishop or by use. That, there was no dispute in existence respect ing boundaries, and that the clergy were gene rally Satisfied with present arraugements ; only in a few instances, arising from peculiar cir cumstances, which might be dealt with seve rally, was there any wish for change. Under these circumstances, and considering the shift ing nature of the population, the Committee were of opinion that the preparation of !a general map of the diocese, divided into parishes according to the instructions of Synod, was at present premature, and would cause an unne cessary and useless expenditure. They were of opinion that for all practical purposes it would be sufficient to deal with each district as the question of boundaries was raised, whether by the formation of a new parish or erection of a new church. The Committee suggested for consideration of Synod that it would be desi rable as a general principle to define the actual boundaries of the parish proper, with the additional allocation to it of one. or more districts of gveater or less extent, over which the incumbent might exercise ministerial super vision, and in which he might discharge clerical functions, though with a less degree of actual responsibility than in his parish proper. ' UCORPOBATBD CHUBCH OF BMGLAMD BXDOWUEHT SOCIETY. I Estimated net income for the year, £1,000. Application of Fund— Votes to the Lord Bishop already made for passage-moneys of clergymen, £250; towards the stipends of incoming clergy men—half in 1878, £250; half in 1879, £250, = £500 = 4750. Balance, £250. Estimated amount that can be paid over to Synod during 1878 towards endowment of Churches, £500. CLBBGY WIDOW AITD OBPHAH FUND. The Committee are happy to be able to again, report that all premiums are paid. One clergy man on leaving the diocese withdrew from the fund and £14 was paid to him, being 50 per cent, of the premiums which he had paid in, and the funds are consequently relieved from all liability in respect of hiia. Two clergymen had joined the fund. ! From this it will be seen that in the year 1875 the number of clergy subscribing to the fund was greater in proportion to the total number of clergy in the diocese than in any other year, and less in the year 1869. ' The total worth of the funds was £5,697 18s. 8d., of which £4,820 is invested on mortgage, yielding an income varying from 6 to 9 per cent.; £392 4s. 3d. is invested in land. The income for the year ending 30th June, 1877, was £663 6s. lOd., and the expenditure £177 16a. lid., leaving a net profit of £486 9s. lid. ; The Committee recommended that the annui tants each receive £40 per annum in future, being an increase of £5. CLHEGT ANHJTTTY FUND. ; . The Standing Committee reported the suc cessful establishment of this fund under the authority given by last Synod. The net result of the operations for the 11 months ending 31st March, 1878, including Church collections and premiums, was £797 6s. 9d. The Capital Gua rantee Fund amounted to £667 14s. 5d., made up of the Cullen legacy voted to the fund by the lost Synod, £413 5s. 5d., donations £72 2s. 6d., and subscriptions £182 6s. 6d. The ex penses had been somewhat heavy ; £33 for printing, postage and stationery was included, the greater portion of which being of a prelimi nary nature would not occur again. The number of clergy subscribing was 31 out of 43, the number licensed in the diocese. The Committee pointed out that the funds were not available for annuitants until the Capital Guarantee Fund reached £1,000, but they trusted that during the next year the appeals for assistance would meet with the same liberality which had characterized the responses to their first appeal, and that the requisite amount would be irade up. On mortgage £750 was invested, yielding an income varying from 7 to 8 per cent. ; £47 6s, 9d. was ut-invested. JIEEAITBSIAIi inSSIOJT COiEUOTTBH. The Committee stated that the only satisfac tory thing they had to report was that certain Sunday-schools had Morally responded to the appeal made to them by the Committee. They wished to make special mention of Holy Trinity, Adelaide, having contributed £30 Is. 6d., St. George's, Gawlcr, £10, and St. Peter's, Glenelg, £12 4s. 3d. The total amount received during the year was £288 16s., being an increase on last year of over £56. Still the Committee drew attention. to the fact that the increased contri butions to this mission bore co proportion to the increasing wealth of the colony! They trusted that the Rev. R. H. Codricgton might be enabled to carry out his intention of visitiug this diocese at or about October. THBOLOOICAI. AND ECCLESIASTICAL LIBRABY. Receipts for past year, £11 0s. 10d.; Btlance from last year, £17 0s. lOd. Total, £28. Is. 8d. Expenditure, £9 2s. 3d, leaving balance in hand, £13 19s. 5d. Arrears of subscriptions, £4 14s. tkl. Present number of subscribers, 18. ; cosnnTTHH- of appxal. . The Ker. E. T. Howell, Messrs. H. E. Downer (Commissioner of Insolvency) and W. D. Scott were elected the Committee of Appeal. . . ASSESSOBS. ? ! The following were elected the Committee of Assessors :— Archdeacon. Marryat, Canon Farr, Canon Coombs, Revs. Dr. Dendy, S. Green, and W. B. Andrews, Dr. Gosse, Hon. N. Blytb, Messrs. J. H, Cunningham, G. A. Connor, S. C. Pearson, and W. S. Douglas. CHL'kCH ADVOCATB. ; . Mr. W. Barlow was appointed Church Advo cate for the next three years. THASXS TO THB VICAR-GBSBBAL. Mr. C. B. Yocng moved— 'That the thanks of Synod are, due to the Very Rev. the Vicar General for bis valuable address and report, and that they, with the statistical returns, ~be printed in the report of Synod.' ', He thought they might thank the Vicar-General for certain distinctions which he had drawn in his address with reference to matters with which they were acquainted. With regard to the subject of Ritualism, he thought it was only the first phase and the one of which the Vicar-General had ex pressed approval which had appeared amongst them — that was the making of their churches aa beautifnl as possible- He thought thi3 was a development of Ritualism in which they had all ceased to see any objection. As regarded the other phase, he had never seen, so far, any de velopment of sacerdotal ritualism in the colony, and therefore vrould say nothing on the subject. With regard to the second subject touched on in the address, ttat of modern unbelief, he thought they might venture to hope that no: very ranch harm had after all happened iu the world from the development of unbelief, because they might well consider that those wlio now expressed themselves so openly aa unbelievers ?aWJItS^81'11 relisi°a H tiey had remained ti.t- interests of science. He thought those, who i i-fertaiued atheistical or so-called rationalistic oviiiious might keep them more to themselves than they did, because, ai the Dean had pointed out, no good could possiblj arise from their opinions, for while they were happy in the dis belief of those things which they formerly believed to be true, they had nothing better to substitute in place of them ; and he thought that, at any rate as regards young persons, these prople might keep their opinions to themselves. With regard to the report which they had just beard read there was much iu it to approve as well as much to regret. Seeing that so many of the Church funds were in an excellent condi tion there did not seem to have been that provi sion made for the stipends of the clergy that would be most desirable. With regard to St. Peter's College the Governors expected to do very much better in future. It was true that from some circumstances or other the atteadance had fallen off, but he thought the Board of Governors had come to the conclusion that having plenty of money they might make the College more attractive than hitherto by spending some of it in providing a gymnasiam, and so on. With regard to the want of clergy men, he thought that was the subject of the greatest regret. The Areas were fast bsiag settled, and they were loging people for the want ot missionary effort. There required to be at least two travelling missionaries always about amongst this new population, and he trusted that the Committee would direct their energies towards getting fresh clergy for this and other work. ' Mr. J. H. Cttkkixghax seconded. Much as they might regret the absence of the Bishop they must congratulate themselves on. the gentleman who acted as his locum teaens. . The motion was carried. , / The Vicab-Gbnebal said the consciousness of his own insufficiency to fill his important office had led him to bestow more, attention and paibs on the collection of the necessary material for the composition of his address and repori. He ventured to hope th xi those labours had not been 'entirely thrown away, and the expression of the approval of the Synod would be an encouragement to him in carrying out the duties of his office. ; ' FORMAL MOTTOKS. The customary formal motions — receiving and adopting reports and accounts and thanking the Committees, kc. — were passed. It was resolved that the assessment of Synodal expenses be as proposed by the Standing Committee. BBPBBaENTATIOX OF DISUNITED FABISHBS. , The regulation on this subject recommended by the Standing Committee was considered ip Committeeand verbally amended ; bat the report on being brought up was rejected, the regula tion being considered too indefinite. \ ?' ?' ASSESSMBHT OF CHT7BCHBS. * ? On the motion of the Rev. S. Gbehx it was resolved—' That in future Churches which serai no representatives to Synod, and which are not .and. have not been in Schedule A, or which are not endowed, be. assessed at the lowest rate, £15s.' . ' ST. KABX'S, WOODSIDB. . The recommendation of the Standing Com mittee with regard to this Church was adopted. THB COBFOBATB SEAL. It was decided ' That Mr. H. S. Anthony's name be substituted for that of the late Mr. Frederic Wicksteed as one of the parties authorized to affix the corporate seal ; also that, during the absence of the Lord Bishop, the Vicar-General have a like authority.' j SMDOWMBHTS OF THB BBS. ; The Rev. S. Grhhh asked the Dean whether he knew the nature and value of the endow ments of the See, and whether he would lay the information before Synod. He said in the case of the Bishop's decease or retirement it would be veiy awkward for his successor not to be in possession of this information. \ The Vicab-Gbmbbal said the custody of the endowments of the See was not among those things which had been committed to his charge. The Dean and Chapter had never been made acquainted with the nature of these endow ments, though they thought it exceedingly desirable th&t; the informatioa should be given. The endowments had been, .managed by the Bishop through his own agent, who would not consider himself justified in giving the informa tion without the Bishop's permission. The only information he (the Dean) could give was that which was given at the time of the Philadelphia Exhibition, when he had reason to know that an account was furnished to the Australian Church man by authority here, in which it was stated that the income of the See was then about £1,200. The information was such that he was strongly of opinion Synod had a right to ask for from His Lordship, and he expressed the opinion that if they did ask for it Hia Lordship would be ready to give it. He would advise that they should communicate with the Bishop on the subject. In reply to Canon Farr he said the endowment was vested in the Dean and Chapter; but they knew nothing about it (tA laugh.) ' j _ Ala opinion was expressed that it would be advisable to wait for the return of the Bishop before asking for the information, and the matter dropped. j ' ' SOCTBTX FOB PB0M0TI0H OF CHBISTLUf i KSOWLBBGB. - The Rev. A. Sells moved and Mr. G. W Ha'vkkbs, S.M., seconded — ' That a Committee be appointed for the purpose of establishing a South Australian branch of the Society far the Promotion of Christian Knowledge.' It wrs generally stated that in gratitude for what the Society had done for the Church in the colony the diocese should endeavour to afford it. some pecuniary assistance. The motion was carried, and a. Committee appointed as follows':— Arch- deacon Dove, Rev. Dr. Dendy, Messrs. G. W, Bawkes, F. A. Grant, and W. S. Douglas. . CHTECK OF BHGLAHD EKDOTVME*T SOCIETY: Archdeacon Mabrtat moved — ' That this Synod authorizes the Standing Committee to act in its behalf in all matters connected with the Church of England Endowment Society, aud requests that the Society will carry inta effect Rule 7 of the said Society, which provides thai the actual distribution and application of the net annual income shall be in the discretion! oi the Diocesan Synod, any right which the Society may have under the same rule being reserved.1 He referred to correspondence which had taken place between the Standing Committee and the Directors of the Society as t? whether Synod was to have a voice in the distribution of the Society's fundr', and argued that it was the intention of the originators of the Society that the endowment should be under the control of the Synod, but that at present they had not sufficient. knowledge of the proposed expendi ture of the endowment or the amount which was available. He mentioned that the income this year which they had for general purposes, exclusive of the Widow and Orphan Fund, pew rents, and endowments, was £4,665. '..; The Rev. S. Gbeen seconded. He mentioned that when the fund was first established it waa looked upon with suspicion because it was feared that it would be a Bishop's fund,' which he could deal with at bis own pleasure irrespec tive of ;Synod,'and he \Mr. Green) expressed the opinion that it was very desirable that the fiind should to some extent come, if not under the control, under the influence of Synod, and that they should have laid before them the manner in which it was proposed that the income of the fund should be. expended. . ' Mr. G. W. HAWKB3, one of the Directors; of the Society, said the Secretary had not ta£en the position he had without legal opinion. Until the Society had ascertained what their income was they could not say how much would ho available for the purposes of the Church. He believed that as soon as the Secretary had the information he communicated it to the Secretary ?of Synod, and that the Directors were guided always by the recommendations of the Standing Committee in their expenditure of their funds. After some further discussion in support of the motion, . Mr.H. E. Dowkhr said he telieved the Directors of the fund exercised functions which ought to be exercised by the Synod ; and he even questioned whether, strictly speaking, they should not under the clause referred to hand over the funds to the Synod. The Vicae-Genkbal said he believed the real cause of discontent was the fear that as at all times the Bishop as President had the ear of the Directors of the Society, if he was disposed to recommend an application of the funds which the Synod might not approve of, he would have tho power of making that application, ?which was dearly not the intention of the pro moters. Mr. Hatvebs sail the President had no more influence at the Board than the fair influence of a person who had a knowledge of what was best for the diocese. He was sore that the Directors ?vrould wish to act in harmony with Synod. The motion was carried. TOTAL ABSTIXEIfCB LHAGCE. A communication was received from the Committee of this body stating that it had been a source of pleasure to witness the inaugura tion of a Temperance Society under the auspices of the Church of England in the colony, and asking the Synod to devote a portion of their deliberations to the consideration of how far thev could aid in the promotion of sobriety amongst the people and the protection of the Lord's Day from desecration by Sunday traffic. A Committee was appointed to prepare a reply. CLOSH OF THB SBSSIOH. It was decided that any business left incom4 plete by Synod be referred to the Standing Committee, and the session closed at 10 minutes to 10 o'clock. ' 