CHAPTER III. One often hears of love at first sight, but perhaps dislike at first sight is even more common. The latter had been the experience of Frank Milton and Aileen. He had formed an ideal of what a woman ought-to be, partly from imagination, partly from the recollec tions of a certain English girl who had been the heroine of his youth. This ideal was a beautiful, tranquil creature, brought up in strictest etiquette and tidiness of deepest dye, and with every impulse of her character subdued and blanched to the proper shade required by a boarding schooL In real life no doubt she would have been indescribably tiresome, but as a waxwork model for his tuture wife Milton had a high regard for her. Now, Aileen, though she attracted him, bon gri, mal gri, was just the opposite of this ideal in everything; while on her side there were even stronger objections. Every one of her friends, for various reasons, considered that Milton was the proper match for her. She could read in their faces a dozen times a day that it was ordained by Providence; and she was per fectly sick of hearing what an excellent man he was. He was the partner of Mr. Leigh, her greatest friend, as well as her guardian, whose wife was like a sister to Her; and there were a dozen considerations in favour of her marrying this young man and settling down to a quiet domestic life in the shadow of all her friends and relations. It need , hardly be said that this fact alone was - enough to make her dislike him; but, besides r< that, he was constantly piquing her by a"'> tacit disapproval of her flippant remarks, and by obstinately refusing to bend to her : sway. i In this state of tilings suddenly appeared Captain Max, who was richer, merrier, and, in a very short time, hopelessly conquered, and ready to prove his devotion by any act of heroism short of carrying a brown paper parcel under the eyes ot his fellow-men. Aileen went as far as to encourage him on to the very brink of a proposal: then she Btopped short. Probably she did not know her own mind. At all events, she acted as if she did not, and poor Mrs. Leigh had a dreadful time with her. One day Captain Max would be kindly received. On the next she would treat him with a cool and bracing manner which ongfcetohave nipped off every bud of sentiments his part Milton almost left off coming to the house, and perhapB that was the reason that Aileen in secret began to regret him, and in her heart con sider that the gallant captain was a bore, and that one might do a worse thing than marry a man whom all one's friends and re lations proclaimed to be " a most suitable match." Meantime the languor of the spring days gave way to summer heats, the cherries changed from Bcarlet to maroon, the peaches warmed to damask under their leaves, the roses burst before their buds were half-open, and shook out their velvet petals with every breath of the warm air. On one of these days Mrs. Leigh determined on that tempting of Providence Known as giving a picnic. The place chosen was a small village at the sea side, and the day turned out, as might have been predicted, the hottest of the season. Unlucky picnic! What possessed Mrs. Leigh to beguile her friends to it, and give them one and all the complexion of blotting paper 1 What induced her husband to give up his home and his dinner, his hot plates and iced coffee, his easy chair and dippers, and air by Mozart, for the sake of eating a dinner of herbs on a sand-hill, and driving home by moonlight, a thing he detested? Why did Aileen so unconscientiously smile upon Captain Max, and what spirit of contrariety inspired Milton to take MisB Saint on a long walk up-hill in search of that inevitable view, always neard of, but seldom seen, at a picnic ? Unless the well-known fact that the Fates have a rooted aversion to all forms of outdoor entertainments can explain these matters, it. is useless to search further. Late in the afternoon the appearance of a gipsy ketttle, and the clink of cups and spoons, brought the scattered party together, who all unblushing declared that they had never enjoyed themselves so much, and silently wished themselves at home again. It was proposed to go in search of shells. The tide was low, and a wide expanse of brown sand and weedy rock lay bare in its brief re turn to the sunshine. Not a wave was to be seen; only at one point of the rocks an in visible breaker was Hinging up a dazzling sheaf of spray that hung for a moment in air before it sank in a thousand flakes of foam. Aileen was delighted with the salt perfume, the Long sea reaches of palest azure, the scenery of this unvisited region. She plunged her arm into sunlit pools, where the rocks had formed tiny turquoise seas, all lined with green and pink * mosses, and adorned with ocean daisies, and anemon.es, ' and lovely unnamed sea'blossoms, that opened their delicate anthers in the warm , transparent water. Sometimes she brought back a rare shell, panther - spotted/ and wrinkled round its pink lips, which told their mysterious murmur to her -ear.' Across the reef there stretched a wide fissure, or fiord. There the water ran like a vein, and .its . twisted stream could be seen far awuy in tkfe:' calm blue ocean outside. Tangled 'wrefeths li r"g under rocks, wi» >nng..^ iPiZfTOHaPcttrtettt, Hfntrfow of &J;£ca% iiags streamed np from the -ktiown - denCrTnere sometimes. the" wavering' this?'jfraxr *V fish was visible,poised at nn sm7chB below. Aileen approached saT .MiTM locked at the Wnyfeg Z ' Pw^a«orTof (faacination. She evfcn a^JSt down and dipped her fingers inthe current, irtbjcb flew by & baby npplea, and «eemed. to utter a lisping low laugh asahe played with 11t There was npoMi nfrjfyfmd tfllttorfcg. of»trftpge^nfa|^f_;^ ?; «6a came To her mind ,-«s-«he J? ®,",S < jtae plaintive weird: cotes -of -The King .01 uSnddenly she started jup, and -cried* " My :. <» ?;:.;Y : 1 .***...; < my finger. Oh. what a pity ! What shall I do?" y Why ? Are you afraid that a merman will bring it. back, and olaim you by the nng, Miss Desmond f' " Oh, no; but I would not have lost it for worlds. My brother gave it me when he went a\ray, for luck, ft has been in our family for generations, and whoever loses it will lose their greatest treasure," said Aileen, almost in tears. 14 What does that mean ?" " Indeed, I don't know. Something very unfortunate-one's life, perhaps." " I never thought you were superstitious before," said Milton, really anxious to con sole her. Then, as she still looked distressed, he said, " What gem\vas it, perhaps we may find it again." " It is an emerald engraved with the head of Medusa. There are all sorts of stories about it in our family records. It came from Rome hundreds of years ago, and now, to think that I should have dropped it in the sea! I wonder what will happen to me next! Of course we shall never see it again. It must have sunk, or been carried out to the ocean." Of all times in the world, Milton must needs choose this to ask Aileen the most in teresting question that a woman can hear. But she would hardly listen to him. The loss of the ring had really been a shock to her superstitious, fanciful mind. It was one of those dreadful old family relics which are sure to come to a bad end,'and not unfre quently bring about the fulfilment of their own gloomy prophecies. On the inner-circle of the gold were engraved two lines of doggrel poetry, which haunted Aileen's mind to the exclusion of everything else. " Who loses this ring, then in moon turns three, Thyself, thyself, thou shall cease to be." Milton was naturally annoyed at her ab straction of mind, and after a few words he, too, became silent. They walked up the beach together, and just before they met the rest of the party he said " Surely you will tell me at what time you will listen to what I have to say." " Whenever you bring me back my ring," said Aileen, running up to Mrs. Leigh. " I understand you, Miss Desmond," said he, turning away. Oh, Rose, I have lost my ring!" " Ugly old stone; I am very glad. I never could endure that Medusa, with her snaky locks, and I often wondered you wore it at all," said her friend. \-- Rose was always so very rational, and .even scientific, that Aileen had not the courage to tell her that the loss of such a trifle bad really affected her spirits. Rose had no patience with ghost stories or evil omens, ana ifahild have laughed to scorn the ominotU) Earning of the ring. It was plain, however, 'that something was amiss, and after a few "leading questions on their home wara anvejS&e; understood in a great mea sure what bad happened on the rocks. " Well, that is all over now," said Mrs. Leigh with that cheerful acquiescence iii mis fortune which belongs to the candid friend. " You will never see Frank again, I am cer tain." However, he made his appearance at the Leigh-house and joined in the unclassified tea-dinner repast which invariably follows a Eicnic, looking exactly the same aa ever-per aps even a shade brighter, as Aileen ob served with some regret. As soon as it was over, she went into the verandah. A casuarina tree grew beside it, and its sibillant whisper sounded strange and fateful in the dim light. The moon hung low on the horizon, a burnished silver medallion, and the river lay fast asleep below, scarcely moving along its banks. Sometimes the lonely clang of the bell-bird was heard among the reeds; and the iiowers must have been wide awake, for their per fume was richer than in the daylight. Milton came up to her, and in his most matter-of-fact manner said, " Here is your ring, Miss Desmond, you will be glad to get it again." "Oh, is it possible? Where did you find it ? Surely you have not been down in the reef for it ?" " Oh, no. I found it in a quite unromantic way. Before I knew you had lost it, I had happened to pick up your gloves on the rocks. When I came home 1 round them in my pocket, and immediately discovered that the ring was in one of the fingers. No doubt you had drawn it off while hunting for shells." "Weill" said Mrs. Leigh, a few days afterwards. "That jingling prophecy was right after alL In three months we «hitH have no Aileen Desmond here, and 1 suppose you won't deny now that you have lost your heart." " Please don't be so commonplace, Rose. I thonght you did not believe in omens." As for the roses on the verandah, they nodded their heads together and whispered, " Ah, yes J We knew how it would be long ago. In fact, we foresaw all this months before, and if any one had consulted us we c6uld have told them all about it from the very beginning." But, then, unfortunately, no one ever does go to consult the right person, who could have told them all about it from the very beginning. , THE END. 