T-í^Beauty iii the Wood. .. t ««TES rav Rood fellow, this last müe has JnJSVtaytolerable. If'you do not reach * S-hoasted hostelry soon, not only my i0Ur tail Ä ^11 be utterly exhausted," ï the Peaker grew a shade whiter and reeled forward in his saddle as he spoke. It was nearly the close of a sultry September day, and the sun was sinking, like a ball of fire, behind the distant mountains in upper Lorraine. The riders had been in the saddle for many , w«mof them, a middle-aged; sturdy t3g iSií>méd hardly the worse for L.*SL His companion was a tall man, *" S" handsome. He wore a military ÄdcarieTaamall case, much resembling f ÄnTh.box, slung in front of his saddle. LdUÄ Hke J Englishman, with his Inde beard and deep-blue eyes; but his S ?."" »oldierlv seat in the Baddle had been £èt inS * wild charge over the battle deques shook his head. "What would M'sieu have!'' he asked, with a helpless shrug. «The horses are good beasts, none better, but "hat horse can travel from dawn to sunset ¿hout failing 1 IM» only wonderful that they £ not fall by the roadside, and then-what »auld Maître Pierre say ? As for the village of St Etienne, it is seven good mues by the road fire, as the crow flies ; what would M'sieu have J It a destiny." All this in an execrable patras, with many gesticulations and untranslatable S "Destiny or not, my good Jacques," returned the other, in fluent French, " I muBt sit down ty the roadside soon, and let you go on alone j my wound is growing more painful, and there ii a sensation accompanying it which I don t lie. Think again, my friend ; you say that you know the country, hereabouts-is there not »me hut, however Bimple, tins side of St Etienne, where I can rest for a while 1 Seven miles more of this torture in my shoulder muid be more than I can endure and keep my senses." Etea Jacques stolid soul was not proof against the testimony of the grey pallor of his master's [ace. He saw plainly that faintness was over- coming him. Jacques' hands went up in an in- vocation to his patron saint. "There is one place not more than two miles jff where perhaps I could take M'sieu ; but there are difficulties. It is a place where no one goes-indeed, they say that More Margot is an old witch, although she is related to me -the Madonna defend us !" and Jacques crowed himEelf devoutly. " But if M'sieu will promise on his Bacred word as a gentleman never to reveal thnt ho lins been there, or that I took him-" "Yea, yes," interrupted the other, impatiently, "anything that you wiU ; but, for heaven's sake, lead the way. Is there no brandy in your flask r Jacques pulled it out. " Hardly a half wine- glass left, M'sieu ; hut toke it, pray." A faint tinge of color carno back to tho wounded man's face after s wallowing the brandy, and in a fen moment's he declared himself ready to proceed. "Very well; but if M'sieu ia going to the chateau he must turn out of the highway and go direct into the forest." "Have I not told you to lead the way ?" said the other. Then, less impatiently, " A chateau, Jacques ! I think that the further you and I keep from the chateaux in this part of Lorraine tie better for the safety of our necks." "Ah, but M'rieu mistakes," said Jacques eagerly. " They belong to the French noblesse, theje D'Orvales. It is a singular family ; but the tat Baron fell at Sedan for France, M'sieu. Would M'sieu like to hear of the last living D'OrvUes!" His companion nodded, rather carelessly, and Jacques lowered his voice and drew MB horse nearer the other in his self-elected importance as raconteur. "The last Baron was, they say, a sod wild fellow, but very proud, like all his race. He pew up at the chateau with his mother, for his mother died when he was a baby. But Madame, the old Baronne, ah 1 she was terrible. Every one stood in awe of her ; the old servants bated hw, while they trembled before her. She had the evil eye, and M'sieu knows that one dare not offend one who has that. After the Baron hid been a mon grown for some years, Madame, his mother, became anxious that he should curry, that the old name might not die out. T> uearing of some demoiselle in Paris, the eTd of an old friend and grand dame, who was « a marriageable age, Bhe set forth on a J°¥?ey to arrange the affair, leaving the Baron ¡J| nu own pursuits at the chateau. Is Monsieur . f was. 'Nobody knew how it came to pass, but arter his mother's departure the Baron behaved we another man. The evil eye waa removed i suppose. The studies and books to which he Tj been Borne time 'devoted were abandoned, T be went hunting and riding about the wir7 ?Sm arning until evening. Then ^Tne fell di ia Paris. She was always hoping it i. irJtter'Änd 80 ^ould not send for her son ; Ï? "^ weather too ; anyway, Monsieur, month wer month passsed, and Bhe did not return. "T °ne day the servants at the chateau were r~? to receive instructions from their master ¡* ^y the state apartments, for he was t¿7 to "»g home a bride. Does Monsieur Monsieur did. h*îItZî?ni!Uhe bride for "bom bis mother rV""ri. . ,him>" continued Jacques, "but low 5T prl'whom he bad met and fallen in Som» * &t; the Ufctie viUflge °* St. Etienne. iuveita 8-í0r*em demoîaelle who had been ea«irtljffi'"Wends-their governess, it was lift '«,. «f dl m afc St- Etienne and had to be as a ¿f.6, .^ "h, Msieu, she was beautiful "fa like i country people" say her hair hsdthTii.8'017 aDout her head, and her eyes Baron w7°C.o£ ** Madonna's, tfo wonder the ^diedfOTtb?ed»IleP; ^y thouSht be would "JVhatcameof it?" Lorrain?3 ?°Di.thB before Madame returned to <* the p. erbaPa news travels slowly to Paris, *fcnVaTOÛ kePl the secret well: at least » dJurtSa-^etumea8be did not know that carria»6 J!5*m',aw »waited her. When her H¡md«? Vp» the «ervants were all in the hw and len I a met }úa m°tber. He kissed stood hl»»K! up to where the young Baronne kernott ??B and trembling. It seemed as if '«tanenVl- ";Qwhatwas to follow, for she *** au* glance at tBe y°ung bidy, and <ffhomhi»Mi,mo8,fc "^ting. haughty voice, ^d ' Sk. . ?u here> pbilippe J a new house ^ that », B pretty for tue P1*106 !' I(¡ * ^t haucht!, í°n anawered her back with a ?a thinkb» 7 Mrer owa' <Tou are 1uite rißbt tdÎDinKii&. ~? beautiful for any but the o£ tunfS mïtb;er 5 tbis is my wife !' Bold ^Winne Sif,'eiíu'the 8tona broke. The old ^sheZZifu*,11*1"1 mà carBeà tbem B«e awful "TÍ?"1? babe unborn. Her words Bl?re »lues» a y e **** ** M beautiful and **: Wv i ? yott are1' «be said to the ^^¿wT as Utüe affection for its ^»aaaSr "l^ " my Bon ba« ßbown for fa< ?^e8smß îaU °a the D'Orviles S1* muth Í fore&tb;«s' home ?' » on... «TO tuve been a curious old lady. Go a0w> and Madame swept away to her own apartments. It was doubtless the influence of the evil eye which prevented the Baron from Basing how his poor young wife pined away after that night. And at last she gave birth to a child and died. Two months after the old Baronne was found dead in her bed, and rumors came abroad that there were strange black marks around her throat as if the fiend incarnate had come to claim his own." The half-incredulous Bmile with which the stranger had listened throughout increased to one of mockery. "What became of the child?" he asked. " Did the fiend and the old Baronne spirit that away, too!" " No, M'sieu, it was a girl." - " And what has become of the Baron ?" " He was killed at Sedan, M'sieu." " Where is the child ?" "She has been always at the chateau, M'sieu, with old Jean-Marie, and Margot, his wife. The young lady has had-a discreet dame ¡¡.gouvernante and cíame de compagnie; but lately we heard that she was ill, or dead." "Why, then, need you make so such fuss about seeking refuge at the château? Surely precautions are not needful when one only craves a night's lodging, and that of necessity." "Evidently Monsieur doe3 not comprehend : the chateau is haunted by evil things. Nothing flourishes there ; all goes to decay ; and the families about it will not visit. And Margot I ah, she has a tongue 1 but I think she will admit me because Bhe is a great aunt to my wife's cousin. Look there, M'BÍCU ; you can Bee the chateau." They had been going at quite a slow pace, for the rood was a bad one, and evidently seldom travelled. But, as they turned abruptly to the left, the tall gray turrets with their sugarloaf peaks arose clearly before them, above the trees and the underbush which impeded their progress. As they come nearer, the wild deserted appear- ance of everything excited the stranger's atten- tion. " It's almost equal to a palace of the fairy tales," said he, aloud, speaking in English. "If it were not for my nineteenth-century in- credulity I might fancy that it held the sleeping Princess of the Wood." " Comment, M'sieu ?" said Jacques, catching the words imperfectly, and fanoying himself addressed. "How do you propose to enter!" was the traveller's answering question ; and again he found himself wondering whether he should not find a trumpet suspended to the gate-post, upon which he must blow a peal loud enough to awaken the sleeping inhabitants. Jacques was looking about him, as if in some uncertainty himself. His tired master rode forward to the gateway. "Not there, M'sieu," cried Jacques in dis- may, "There is another çate somewhere be- hind the chateau ; or we might get through the hedge, perhaps, or over the wall, but we must leave our horses outside. Jean-Marie may per- haps come to see after them, but it would never do to anger la Mere Margot by riding in on horseback." Riding round, and getting over the tangled mass of grass and overgrown weeds as best they could, Jacques peeped in all directions for an entrance, and found it. " Here is the gate, M'sieu : but it is locked. Blessed St Jean ! we cannot climb those iron railings. What is to be done ?" Upon which helpless question, the stranger impatiently Biezed the half hidden hnndle of a bell, and sounded a loud peal. Before its echoes had died away, a voice rose behind them. "Be off I What dost thou want! Weean have no stragglers about the chateau d'Orvale." Just beyond the gate stood an old withered-up woman. She looked like a bit of a vixen, but yet her black bead-like eyes had a gleam in them that was not altogether unkindly ; on her arm was a basket half-full of wood, which Bhe had evidently been gathering. " La Mere Margot," began Jacques, removing his hat, and speaking in a conciliatory tone, "I am Jacques Virot ; dost thou not remember ? M'sieu, here, is ill, and unable to proceed eveu as far as St. Etienne. For old acquaintance sake, Mere Margot, give us shelter for to-night." But Mere Margot, instead of replying to this civil speech, proceeded to rato him soundly for daring to come at all. Did his impertinence think that the chateau was an auberge, or that ehe had time to waste in getting supper for such as he ? And how did she know that the stranger might not be one of the accursed Prussians, not one of whom had ever yet crossed the threshold of the chateau? The stranger cut short the harangue. "I have been wounded, good mother," said ho." But I am fully able to pay for your hospi- tality ; though I would not offend you by offer- ing money, knowing the hospitable reputation of the d'Orvoles," More Margot looked at him keenly. " Humph I" said she. " Who are you that you can know anything of us t Blonde and big -you are a Prussian !" _ " Whether I am or not," said tho stranger, disregarding her fierce tone, " I fought for France at Sedan." Tbe woman's face softened. He is too young to lie while looking in my eyes, she muttered. " But-no ! why should I do it ? Go to St. Etienne for your lodging*!." Just then a clear, bird-like voice was heard* humming a song on the other side of the gate. Margot gave an uneasy glance in the direction whence it came. " I teU you, sir, we can't shelter you. Jacques Virot, begone. How dare you come here ; don't you know this place is sacred ?" Lifting her hands to enforce obedience, the stranger, utterly exhausted, fell heavily to the ground. At the same moment the gate was opened, and a slight beautiful girl appeared. "Where's your key that you should ring, Margot ? I heard Jean abusing you for forget- ting it. And-what is this ? Who are they ?" The sweet bell-like voice faltered ; the young girl drew back. Inspiration seized on Jacques. He resolved to appeal to her. "For the love of Heaven, Mam'selle La Baronne, let me carry him in. If he has not some brandy and his wound is not dressed, he will die. See, he has fainted I" " Bah I he is a Prussian," cried Margot ; " let him die." But the little Baronne said not a word ; she glided toward him. " He will not die," she said, nodding her head, after long scrutiny of the senseless form in Jacques' arms. "But he will be company for me, and I am tired of the loneliness. Margot, tell Jean-Marie to come here and help carry him to the chateau." She gave the order in cold imperious tones, very singular in one so young as seventeen. Jacques looked at her in open-mouthed admira- tion. Margot began to grumble; but the Baronne quietly repeated her order, and Margot hobbled off, Bcolding as she went. When he come out of his long swoon, he opened his eyes on surroundings that, at first, completely bewildered him. He lay upon a wide sofa, in the centre of a large, gloomy looking saloon ; Jacques was bending over him ; and au old man who kept up an incessant talk- ing in a species of monotone was applying some sort of cooling lotion to his shoulder-Jean Marie, no doubt. As his Benses came back, his eyes lingered long and wonderingly upon the huge old fire- place, where a handful of wood was burning, and in front of which sat a strange, lovely figure. She wore a long robe of black velvet, quaint in style. The sleeves were wide and trimmed with costly lace ; and there was i bit of the same yellow lace around her fair white throat. Down over the dead black dress floated an exquisite mass of long waving bair : the hair that is golden in sunlight, and rare brown in the shade ; the face was oval, with delicate pearly skin and short red lips, and the eyes were hazel brown, beneath dark and beautifuUy- penculed eye-brows. Yet, with all ita exquisite beauty, there was a curious want in the face ; it was almost such a one as Undine's may have been before she gained her souL She was sitting with her head resting upon h»r hand ; but when the sick man spoke she rose and came toward him. " He ha3 blue eyes," she murmured to herself, in the amazed tone of a discoverer. " I did not think they would be so handsome." " I speak French," said he, unable to help a boyish blush at this remark. " Very good," said she, blushing too, but not allowing herself to be disturbed. "I never saw blue eyes before; all the peasants have black ones. I thought you spoke only German. Are you a Prussian !" " I am an Englishman, but wy mother was French, and all my sympathies are with the | 1 French. My name is Henry Arthur Livingston. Have I not the honor of addressing tho Baronne d'Orvale ?" "I am Lucille d'Orvâle," she said, pimply. "I am glad you came-you will be a companion for me. I am tired of this lonely chateau, with only Jean-Marie and Margot to talk to-except my pigeons. My good old gouvernante, Mme. Deglonne, is gone. Her son is ill and Bhe had to go to him." "And they do not provide you with another !" he exclaimed, asking the question in sheer amaze- ment, "Do you meau my guardian-the man of business in Paris ? He does not know. What would you ? With the country devastated by this dreadful war, who is to let him know? He would not have .time to think of me. And he has no power over me- he only sends the rents. I am my own mistress." "Mam'selle, the supper is ready," said the voice of Margot from the door. But the Baronne shrugged her pretty shouldors. "I will have it here, with Monsieur," said she tersely ; and Margot disappeared. "What did you say you were called ?" began Lucille, curiously. " My nome is Harry (or, as you would call it, , Henri) Livingston." " Liveenstone," Bhe said stumbling over it. " It is too long ; I shall call you Monsieur Henri. And you Uve in the strange country where the people aro barbarians !" "Englishmen are not barbarians, mademoi- selle." "But I tell you they are. Tapa said it, and papa knew. He was a savant. Ob, ho was so good and he knew so much." Livingston smiled in the midst of his pain. " AU of them, at least, are not," he said. " I for one." He again recurred to his fancy of the en- chanted castle. A creature so lonely, helpless, and singularly childlike he had never seen ; she was the genuine princess of a fairy tale. But ahe proved herself enough like ordinary mortals to give him a cup of deliciously made coffee, which Margot brought in ; and, when he explained his inability to hold it because of his wounded shoulder, she gravely Beated herself on a chair at his side, cup in hand. "Never mind, I will give it to you from the spoon ; I did so once to papa, when he was ill." There was nothing for it but acquiescence. So Livingston submitted to have part of the coffee trickle down his neck without a murmur, and wondered whether Hebe had administered nectar to the gods in a like embarrassing manner. Jacques was in a dazed condition ; not only had he obtained outrance to the chateau in a very unexpected manner, but here was la petite Baronne actually helping M'sieu with her own hands, as beautiful OB an angel, but ono of thoso fearful D'Orvules, nevertheless. "They say that Madame's ghost walks here at night-the Madonna preserve us !" thought ho. Jacques crossed himself devoutly, and included M'sieu in the sign, by way of foiling any bad spirits who might bo hovering around. But the traveller began to look very pale and exhausted, and Lucille wished him good night. Margot came in very oross, and told Jean-Marie that the gentleman's bed was ready, and that he had better go to it. In the morning Harry Livingston found him- self too ill to move ; the wound had been too long without attention, and his ride hod aggra- vated it terribly. Jacques wont over to St. Etienne, and brought from thence the only doctor that the little village could boast ; but he proved equal to the emergency. Being too cautious to use maDy medicines, ho confined himself to keeping down tho fever whioh threatened Livingston, and nature, left to herself, brought the patient through in safety in the course of a fow days. The doctor's sister, a benevolent middle-aged dame, came over often, and gave much countenance to the young Baronne. After that carno the days of convales- cence ; weary enough they would have been to the sick young man but for his little hostess. She was at once the most fascinating fairy like vision that Livingston had ever seen. He had known very many beautiful women-the loveliest and best-bred of his own charming countrywomen-but they lacked the subtle curious attraction of Lucille. She was such a child ; all simplicity, unsophistication, and guileless innocence. Passion waa unknown to her ¡ love had never touched her breast. Know- ing nothing of conventionalism, in her inter- course with Livingston Bhe was free as Bhe could have been with a brother, Bitting by his sofa half the day, and talking with him by the hour together. Of her dead father she spoke in reverent admiring terms ; she gloried in his patriotism, and in his falling for France ; but of actual love, even for him, Livingston half doubted whether she knew the meaning. All the sublime heroic side of a woman's character seemed wanting, or else it slept ; she was an elf, a fairy, a|sprite-or, in less lover-like phrase, a careless lovely child. " Monsieur Henri," Lucille would call, stand- ing under his window, when ho began to get about, " come down and see me feed the pigeonB. Jean-Marie has gone to the village, Margot is in her kitchen, Jacques sees to the horses-and, for me, I am lonely. Hasten then." And Harry would progress down the long stairs as far as his half-restored «trench would permit, to be met half-way by Lucille, who would insist upon aidiDg him with her Blender arm. All scenes were not so pleasant as this, how- ever. Lucille would sometimes ask Livingston to" tell her of his own home and country ; and, although his stories of it and of his lue there seemed to hold a strange charm for her, she would manifesta curious jealousy of them. Let him look a trifle more tired than usual, and her lovely lips would curl in vexation ; she would irritate him with suggestions that he wassuffering from ennui and mai du payi, and threaten to leave him and never come back to the saloon any more. And then Livingston would implore and coax her until he saw the usual half-sweet half-arch smile come back to the lovely face, and a truce would be proclaimed between them. But one memorahla morning, when Lucille carried this rather far, Livingston adopted an entirely different line of tactics. That is, if he thought of tactics at all Lucille announced that she hod lessons to learn, (she was always talking of the studies that the death of her governess had left incomplete), and that she must leave Monsieur for the rest of the day. Upon which, to her great surprise, Monsieur responded with stately courtesy that he should be pained to think of detaining her from her learned researches, and that he had the honor to wish Mademoiselle la Baronne a very good morning. " I have wasted too much time 'upon you, Monsieur Henri," she cried hotly. " I will not say to you, 'go-leave the chateau' - the D'Orvâles know not such inhoEpitality. But of my company you have had too much. Very well I You shall have no more of it until you come to bid good-bye before leaving for your belle pays, where you long to be. Open the door, Monsieur, will you be so good?" And the little stately figure swept post him into the corridor, with cheeks aflame and lips apart. He watched her go. Did he love her or hate her most ? And which passion was it that prompted him to pjck up from the marble floor, where her own little foot had crushed it, a blue gentian-flower dropped from her waistband, and to hide it carefully in his vest ? She did not come back. No ; though he fretted and fumed and watched .ucessantly. A wearily long day he found it without her ; and when Margot brought him his meal at noon she reported that Mademoiselle had shut herself in her little study in the east turret-chamber and would neither open the door nor come down stairs. Further dismayed questions on the part of Livingston only made Margot cross. He was fain to eat the food set before him, and tried to while away the afternoon with an old and much-worn copy of Sallust which he had picked up the day before. But he was still weak from the effect of his wound, and presently the words began to dance before his eyes, his head dropped forward on the table, and in a few moments he was asleep. Two hours later he was awaked by a terrified whisper. "M'sieu, M'sieu, awake for the love of heaven ! They are here ; they have sur- rounded the chateau ; fly, M'sieu, while you can!" Livingston started up, to see the terrified face of Jacques bending over him. " They !-who ?" demanded he, instinctively snatching his pistols from the case where they lay, already loaded. " The Uhlans, M'sieu ; a whole company of the devil's own blood," whispered Jacques, fiercely. " This way, quick !" He caught hold of Livingston's arm to guide him down the dark passage to a back staircase, by which, gaining the kitchen, he hoped to escape. But he had hardly reached it when Livingston stopped short. "Hold a minute, Jacques," he whispered hurriedly. "Wait for me here five minutes, and then, if you hear thom coming, fly without me. I must see the Baronne." Jacques wrung his bauds. " What folly I" he cried, trying to detaiu him ; " it is no time for adieus." But Livingston broke away from him and vanished. "It is the accursed evil eye," muttered Jacques, crouching down on the stairs ; " it is the ghastly presence of Madame, the dead Baronne. This bravo Monsieur is bewitched 1 Blessed Madonna, grant that we escape safely ! and I vow to give thee two war lights, and two for blessed St. Jean Baptiste." Livingston turned to go up the turrret-stair, one wild impulse in his heart. His love, his little helpless darling I What ! leave her in the power of the Prussian troopers I Better die with his sword iu his hand defending her. His hand touched the handle of the door of the turret-chamber. He rapped softly ; there waa no answer. He waited an iustant ; could she have left the room, and be, oven now, a prisoner ? The thought was agony ; ho tried the door with greater force-it gave way under his hand, and he crossed the threshold. There was some light in the room ; it came from a lamp which hung on a bracket on che wall. Directly-beneath the light, on a small sofa, lay Lucille, asleep, One little hand presssd the soft white oheek, which was, even yet, wet with tears ; the golden bair lay in bright masses on her neck, and streamed over the dingy dosmask covering of the sofa-just the fairest, purest vision that ever man beheld, made all the fairer for her strange surroundings. With a noiseless step, Livingston crossed the floor, and bent over her, lower, lower, till a tress of the bright hair touched his hand ; the impulse had scarcely time to form itself into a thought, when a tender passionate kiss fell gently on the lovely lips, and with a slight start Lucille awoke. "Henri, Henri I" she murmured softly, gazing up into the eyes bent upon Jier, " you have come to mo-at last I" i At the touoh of the great enchanter's wand the sleeping Princess had awakened ; at Love's first kiss Undine had found her BOUI I t She quite awoke thon, blushed violently, and rose up. Livingston clasped her hands and knelt at her feet. He told her in hurried words Of the danger; he urged her to trust to his protection as she would to that of her father and fly with him. . * - ? > She was frightened. "Oh, take me away, Henri, to your own land. I am afraid no more of your ice and snow ; you will be there and Lucille happy." A distant noise betrayed the present dangor. Livingston sprang to his feet so suddenly that pain wrung a faint groan from his Ups. " What is it, Henri ?" she asked, in alarm, In a low hasty whisper he begged of her to be still. Was there any place of concealment near ? was Hark 1 a rushing step upon the Btairs, voices, and hard raps upon the door. Livingston lifted his pistol ; but quick as light Lucille thrust him on the sofa behind her, and stood erect and palo, facing the intruders. Just for a moment her defender, utterly weak, could not rise. " Hold !" she criod, as the fearless courage of hor long line of warlike ancestors shone in every line of the girl's face, and made tho foremost soldier pause, involuntarily. " Who dares enter the Chateau d'Orvale unbidden, and with drawn sabros ? Do the Prussians war with women!" "Ma foi, mademoiselle, the Prussians may, but we do not," said a respectful voice in French, as a young officer forced his way through the foremost of IIÍB men and doffed his plumed casquette to her with courtly grace. "This is the second time to-day that our helmets have gained us the too unenviable dis- tinction of being Prussians. We are a company of French cuirassiers en route- Henri, mon bravo, is it theo ?-what dost thou hero !" broke off the officer in utter surprise. And, to the no less intense surprise of Lucille, Bhe saw the Frenchman olasp him enthusiastically. "Tranquilise thyself, mon ami," cried Harry, laughing. " I have a lame shoulder, Adolphe, and thou haßt a veritable bear's hug. Let me present you to Mademoiselle la Baronne d' Orville ; Mademoiselle, this is Captain Adolphe de Mon. taign, a life-long friend." " I must implore pardon of Mademoiselle la Baronne for my intrusion," said the Captain ; " but we found the chateau entiroly empty, and my men were anxious to explore it. I trust you will accept a thousand apologies ; it only remains for me to take my leave of Mademoiselle." " Monsieur is pardoned," said the lovely young ohatelaine, extending her hand ; "butsurely you will nob depart thus ? Hero is Monsieur Henri, who,-" but a buruiug blush covered her face as she caught Livingston's eye, and she paused in a confusion that was all the deeper for its novelty. Livingston came to her rescue and advised de Montaign to let his men bivouac at St. Etienne, whilo he stayed the night at the chateau. Do Montaign accepted the invitation with alacrity ; and when he retired to arrange his dress before supper he laughingly assured Livingston that he should not at all object to a wound, provided so lovely a physician could fall to his lot. But Livingstone's wound proved no Binecure ; for after the surrender of Bazaine at Metz he found himself still too disabled to join his regiment. It promised to be rather a long affair of sickness, possibly through neglect of the wound at first/and Livingston resigned his com- mission. He had to resign the hospitality of the chateau as well, for a fresh gouvornante came there for Mademoiselle, and Bhe enforced pro- priety. "-Tt'didTlôt matter; Livingston laughingly said, it would not be for long ; once let him get strong, and then And then, when that desirable end was accom- plished and he could stand straight and well again, a quiet ceremony was performed in the chateau chapel by. the old cure of St, Etienne ; and Henry Livingston carried away the Baronne from poor distraoted'France to his own domains ' in his own land. They sometimes talk of going book to the chateau, where Jean Marie and Margot keep watch for them. But Jacques, in attendance on his master, shakes his head, and onuses himself at the bare idea of again venturing within the regions of the evil eye.-Tlie Argosy, IT is a pity that the committee who have undertaken to collect exhibits for the Paris Ex- hibition should not have been aware how com- prehensive is the list of eligible articles. Cir- culars have been sent to residents in all parts of Queensland inviting contributions of mineral specimens, agricultural produce, and the various staples that are raised amongst UB. Yet this offers but a limited field. A few bags of sugar, a few parcels of wool, some specimens of gold bearing quartz, tin ingots, native woods, tinned meats, and a few other et esteras, and the list is exhausted. It appears, howevsr, that La Belle Paris is prepared with welcoming arms to em- brace a far wider assortment than has entered into our calculations. We see in a late tele- gram :-"Some Bataks from Sumatra have been sent to the Paris Exhibition to be exhibited as cannibals." ThiB is really provoking. To be forestalled in an exhibit of such obvious interest reflects very gravely upon the committee with whom rests the responsibility of Queens- land's proper representation at the Paris fair. Sumatra may probably think, as the sole exhibitor in this line, to arrogate to herself the distinctipn of being the only cannibal producing country. Should she carry off the bronze medal in this class from the absence of other competitors, it will be one more disgraceful instance of the apathy of Queensland exhibitors. Is it yet too late for us to Btrive for an honorable mention in this line ? We have in our northern territory specimens as perfect as can be found on the globe, who, in muscular symmetry of form, voracity of appe- tite, ease'and rapidity of digestion, con, we fear- lessly affirm, be excelled nowhere. Let at least one pen of Queensland cannibals enter for this class. And considering our propinquity to the South Sea Islands, would it not be instructive to forward the Melanesian variety of this interest- ing species ? In which case Mr. Nixon, the in- genious naturalist, whose late researches so infatuated the Colonial Secretary, might be com- missioned to obtain one or two specimens, together with the captured slave who, when not purchased by Queensland speculators, forms the ordinary staple of diet-"Specialities," in the " Queenslander. 