) OUE AMATEUE THEATEICALS AT > " ;i.': . BOOLONG-. :: He jests at soars who never felt a wound — Romeo. r One of the most awful recollections Mr. BanbniT- Cross, f of B oolong, had of his youthful days, he lised to declare, J was when he made his first and only appearanee as an > actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at his ) own house in Boolong. He, for some unk nown reason, nad C conceived that he was horn to be an actor — to tread the boards like the great Garriek and the elder Kean — but it ' was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar dehilt. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney ) managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing V red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to "take the j bull by thediorns".ahd get up a company of his own down ' at his place at Boolong,' . He, went to enormous expense > in building a small theatre, -purchasing wardrobe, having ) sceTiery painted — fpr Banbury was determined to do the V thing well and initip-top style; Hs got together a kind ;oj; scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am bitious 'amateurs, eager " to fret, : their, hour upon the ' stage, ",.aad one or two sely outcasts of the jprofesslon ;; > ancHhe'dooked forward to' thie production of his pet play,'' ) " Haml'et," himself' as the Priuce/'With much excitement,-' not unalloyed with pleasure. The; amateurs, after about a - ' month's constant - rehearsal, were , pretty perfect in their \ :Words:before the curtain went up, hut .after it did most of tlieiii forgot them. ' The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ' intoxicated, and the -Ad'/jiy likewise ; 02)hella, a.n amateur, -burst into , a nervous fit of,tears before she said a dozen i lines. B anbury Wasu'd.areSt at hythe local person, ages who j .assembled to assisV at the amateur performance. But (ihis - i was not the;.;\vorst, for Banbury found that when the bills came in the expense was, twice, .as large .as heh.ad expected, . 1 .and he could_ not' nieet themi' "The fellows,'' he used to say, . . " alio wed'ine tij haveiwh'tever-l wanted on credit, becau.se . -they knew -that rhy'ribii hncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- ' ist, vyouldj pay them, but/T knew-very-well heayould do no I such thing whenrheifopnd they layere:, for theatrical trap- . pings, for if-.;thcre iwaf, one thiug hie held, in abhorrence it I . was the theatre. " f' nWhat was he to > do ? His uncle would disinherit him, turn him put of thd-house ho h.ad furnished for. him, and seriddiim. adrift on the world. : What was he to do ?' His creditoijS; would not wait and he would he a miser-able pauper. But; forr alii this.- he did not lose his house, and .-his, -poor, uncle's fprtirnefs in the b.ank in his name, thanks to the,, timely, aid of. one w/to is a friend to tlie clrama ds-widl- asfp titer est of tlie world, who advanced -him the needful. ' Need we say his name. No ; all know him 1 But we rnay,as..ryell(remark; it was the .c/tawyrina , of the distressed. ' - i - , , < ' DAVID..HENRYi of 52 Collins street cast, . VVno has from ;lio to .slU.UUU toiena on notes or uanci, inus I of sale (with or without security), salary orders, life . policies, 'icortificates,'deeda'; hill of 'Lading, legacies, goods, ' merphandisej on expectediremittances, or on moneys per- I sphs'mayOre entitled En'gland'randAlsewhere, etc., ' repayable'to' sirit the conye'nienee of hoi-fowers. 'Bills'fdiscounted daily afthe lowest rate of interest, .and ( -mortgages from 0 per cent; 