HISTORIC SLANG. " You cannot say Bo! to a goose.". How often ' have; we relieved - onr. feelings - 'of/ irritation "at the weakness of others *' by hurling this phrase at them I fidd they only known its origin, they could have paid us back in our own coin, and made us feel very Btnall indeed. But though' wealmost hesitate to arm them with a weapon which they may turn against ourselves, we must be conscien tious, and do what we have undertaken. The story is this: 41 When Ben Jonson, the drama tist, was introduced to a nobleman the peer was so struck with his homely appearance that he exclaimed, "What! you are Ben Jonson? Why, you look as if you could not say Bo ! to a goose."_ " Bo!" exclaimed tho witty drama tist, turning to the peer and making bin bow. From gcesoi we pass on to cats, which are very emblematic in slang, and in the phrase " Letting the cat out of the bag" wo are re minded of its thievish ancestry. " It was formerly a trick amongst country folks to substitute a cat for a sucking pig, and bring it in a bag to market. If any greenhorn chose to buy a pig in a poke2-that is, a blind bargain without oxamining the contents of the bag-all very; but if he opened the Back . he let the cat out of the bag/ and tho trick was discovered." And so tho phrase passed into common uro as applying to anyono who lot out a secret, " Who.will boll tho cat?" became another peculiar phrase, and is tal$on from the fable of the cunning old niouae who Suggested that they should hang a boll;round the cat's neck so that due warning1 might bo had of her approaoh. The; idea was approved of by all the mice present; there iwas only one draw-> back to it: " Who was to hang the bell round the cat's neck?" or in shorter words, ^.;Who was to bell the cat?" '.Not oueofthem >waa found ready to. run tho risk of^ sacrificing his own lifo for the safety of the others,~swhich is now the recognised moaitiug of the proverb, " Fighting like .Kilkenny oats/' is'unother slang simile, taken i from > a > story.. that fc#o cdts oilco fought . tab . furiously * in a eaw- jiit that thfeyleft. ndthitig blhlna thetu but their taiLB, ftliioh.dtUry is dii allogoty, and supposed to rbpreseufc two tdwiifl in Kilkenny that contended go " stoutly abotit boundaries and rights to the eiid of thfe seven teenth cekitury that they mutually impoverished each other." How common is the expression " Oh, she is down in the duinpa"-:-that is, out of spirits. This is a,very ancient slang phrase; and is supposed to bo derived from u Dumpos: king of Egypt, who built a pyramid and died from melancholy \ eo that the thieves atid gipsSbsare not all to blamb foi: hatinggifon ha AtoW eipresalVo -frBkU! We next coihe Upon a . word full of pathotio meaning, for. many of us; it is the ghost that haunts us at Christmas .time, and pursues us more or leas throughout the new year-it is the word " dun." It is a word of consequence, for it is. at once a verb and a noun, and is derived from the Saxon word "dunan," to din or clamour.- It owes its immortality-so tradition says-to having been the surname of ODO Joe Dun, a famous bailiff of Lincoln iu the reign"' of Henry VII., who was so active and dexterous in collecting bad debts that when anyone be cdnte 'jSlow tb pa£j" ths'neighbours tised tt# say, "Dun him;" that is, send Dun at'tei? hinii " Draw it mild " and " come it stroiig " have their origin in music, being the-the terms used by the leader of an orchestra when he wishes his violin players to play loud or gently. From this they passed into'synonyms for; ex aggerators and boasters, who 'are' requested either to moderate their statements "or to astoniih their audiehbe. i'he word1' tioach "-in these days iA a painfully familiar one, as parents know who have to employ tutors ;,to?-assist their sons to swallow the regulation amounted " cam" necessary for competitive examination. The word is of university origin, andean boast of a logical etymology; It is a pun upon the tenii " getting oil fast." . To get on fast you muifc take a coach; yoti canhot get on faatin learning without a private tutor-ergo, .a prii vate tutor is a coach. Another familiar word in university slang is " a regular hrick'j that is a jolly good fellow; and how the similie is logi cally deduced is amusing enough. ' A brick, is " deep- red," so a "deep-read" man is a. brick. To read like a brick is to read until yon are deep read." A deep read-man, is in univer sity phrase,a *4 good mana good manr- iB a «iniiv follow " with non-readiue men': ergo, a jolly fellow is a "brick.'' -From " Chambers' Journal. 