DlHTiiiL-r Couirr.-A District Court will bo hold nt tho Cmtrt-hoitso, Cl inf ton, on Saturday, 2!)th day of Juno instant, at 10 o'clock in tho forenoon. AU plaints must ho hied on or beforo Monday, tho 17th of this month. 1'liiisnvTKiiiAN.-Tho induction of tho Hov. Allan M'Dougall tn tho charge of tho fl raf ton mid Ulmarra Presbyterian Churches, will tako placo to-morrow (Sundtiy). Tho l!uv. Ur. Steel, of Sydney, and tho Hov. W. I'", rruser, of tho lüchinoud Hiver, will cnn. duct tho services. To CoNTiiACTons.-Wo aro requested to direct tho attention of intending tenderers tomi alteration in tho Huruiigh Council's advertisement-tenders for ap- proaches and hand-rail to biidgo in Wharf-street, not Cowan-strcot as heretofore printed. Un. STKIÍI.'.S I.I-XTITIÍI:.-In consequence of tho non. arrival of tho Sydney steamer through stress of weather, tho lecture advertised to ho delivered hy Ur. Steel Inst night is postponed until Friday next. LIMAI..-Tho Supremo Court on Tuesday unani- mously refused a now trial in tho li hoi casu of Scott reruns Madgwick. Mr Windeyer, instructed by Air Shepherd, appeared for tho applicant ; and Mr Want, instructed hy Mr I'yan, for Mr V. Norrio, appeared to show cause. lu thu case of Crispin v. Crispin, divorce, a verdict was recorded for tho plaintiff on all thu issues. Mr Windeyer and Mr Bennett, instructed by Mr Ityuu, for Mr I'rank Norrie, appeared for peti- tioner) Slr 0. Itiichnnnn, instructed by Mr Crcer, for tho résumaient. SOUTH CÎIIAITON-.-On Wednesday evening Mr An druw St. Clair Nolson gnvo the third of n serios of Icc tm ea on popular science. Thomas Bawden, Esq., tile member for tho district, occupied tho chair. Tho attendance waa limited-a matter for regret to those present, amt certainly a loss to tho absent, as tho lec- ture was well illustrated with various experiments popularly described. First, by tho telephone, conduct- ing whispers and tho ticking nf a watch tho whole length of tho hall, by means of ordinary twine to con- nect thu machines nt thc cuds. Tho toluphnno wns constructed hy Mr Nelson. Interesting exhibitions followed of the soin spectrum spectroscope, caudle and sodium Hames, mixing coloured lights mid flowers viewed by thu sodium llamo. Then came tho ghost which was viewed without alarm, and seconded by an exhibit nf sumo beautiful chrninatrohes. A vote of thanks was necorded to tho lecturer and to thc chairman, who spoke of tho advnntago tn our young community of scioutillc lectures of a popular charactor and expressed his hopo that ou a futuro occasion there would ho a larger audience who would bo much odiflcd in a pleasing manner, ns tho lecturo of the evoning was relieved of heaviness hy tho Humorous sciontillu apparatus provided by Mr Nelson, who dosorvod all praiso for thu tronido mid oxpensu ho had entailed for tho benefit nf his fellow citizens. These Icotures aro given in connection with tho South Ci raf ton School of Arts.-VommuDicateil. (In.u-rox WKHI.KVAN CUCUCII. -A lecturo on tho " Friendly Islands, I'ast and Present" will bo doli vonni in tho Wcsloyan Church, (imfton, on Monday evening, by tho pnstor, tho Hov. W J. H. Stephinsnn. The rev. lecturer cnn speak from personal oxnorionco ns to tho condition of tho Friendly Islands, having laboured thcro ns a missionary fora considerable timo, so that nu interesting lecture may ho anticipated. Tm: I'liiisiivTKiiiAN- Curucú.-A meeting will ho hold in tho Presbyterian Church, Fry-street, on Mon. day evening, in md nf tho Chinoso Mission in connec- tion with thu l'resbytcriaiiCliurch of Eastern Australia. Thu mcutiugwilt bo addressed by tho Itov Cl. Suther- land, of Sydnuy, tho Hov. D. M'lnnes, of Hooky Mouth, tho Hov. (. Mackay, of Grafton, mid other gentlemen. Tun Cí ii KAT LANI' SALK AT HOOKY MOUTH.-Wo tiru «lud tn state timi tho anio of Afr. Itnslt'a lund, nt Itouky Mouth, wns in ovory way n moat tiutiimlillcil suecuss. Mr. II. Maurice, who wa» commissioned to »ell tho lani), thought it advisable to uhnrtor tho Klorenco M'Kouzio to convey purchasers to Itncky Munth, mid on Tuesday morning, nt about 7..'!0, she started from (îmftoii with several intending pur- chasers. Kn rout« from Grafton to Ilocky Mouth tho Florence picked up sovoral passengers, and nu her arrival nt Ilocky Month there wera ipi i te a niinihor of persons, apparently cager to purchase. After lun- cheon tho auctioneer pniccoded to put up tho various lots for salo, when tho following, prices woro realised :-l.r.t >*{> I. having a frontage of feet hy n dopth of 2ii0 foot," realised £70, Tlev. J. ri. Uoylu ptirchnsor ; lot 2, samo aroa, £(¡7, Hov. J. H. Boyle ; lot ,'), .CK!), lot I, £/i.r., lot fi, £111, Mr W. l'rcnduhlo; lotti, £"«>, MrT. Kyle; lot 7, £iil, Mr 'I'. Corhott ; lota 8, (1, and 10, £f<0 each, Mr C. Gibbons, Lot 11, having a frontngo of 1118 foot hy a dopth of 2fi0 foot, with improvements, waa bought In nt XCOO. Lot 13, having a frontage of 33 foot ly a dopth of 2ÍÍ0 foot, £52, Mr H. Maurico } Int 13, £47, Mr lt. Shonlhor : Int 14, £41, Mn Loo j lota I." ami If!, £.18 onch, Mrs Ireland ; lot 17, £30, Mr Mao. gnlro t lot 18, £33, Mr J M'Plioraon ; lot ID, £31 int 20, ¿30, lot 2), £32, Mr J. If. M'Donald s fot <*» £.10, lot 23, £30, MM Ireland ¡ lot 24, £40, Mr d' \ '1' ^I'J'I"."'? 1.fr0"US°J?£ 42 fcok ''y <» depth of 2CO feet, £72, Mr J. Ciuoy. Tho total proceeds of I thu nato Amounted to £17ñí>. Tim VALUK OK LAN» ON THU CUUIKNCB HIVKH -At Mr. J. H. Munro's salo on Thursday last, i farm of 17 aurea in tho South Arm waa sold to Mr Henry Small at tho rata of i'3U pur nero. Tullios Siîd.ui.-Wo have received ii sample o. very excellent thirds sugar from Mr Taylor, of Uh marra,-so good indeed that aomo manufacturers thinli it would pnss for good seconds. DBNTISTIIV.-Wo loam that Mr. Knstrup, who has been in Grafton during tho past six months, contem- plates a professional tour thrungli New Unghind during tho winter mouths. Mr. Knstrup will first visit (¡len Innes. TUB CITV HANDIOAIV- Chieftain and Macearon! are nominated fur tho City Handicap us n ell as for thu C. lt. il. C. Handicap-making the total iiumhcr nf horses nominated for tho former o vont Sil. Tho nomi- nations of " llultram " ami "Crab" for both handi- caps hy Mr J I. St. Vincent was a mistake, that gentleman having no interest in either horse, but merely forivardud thu nominations as honorary secretary of tho (Hon Innes Jockey Club tu tho hon, secretary hore. GiiAFTox HOSPITAL- A couunittoo mooting of thu Grafton Hospital wua hold on Wednesday afternoon. 1'rusunt-MrT. 0. Howitt (in thu chair), Messrs. T. Hawdon, M.l'., llawthornu, O'Koctlb, liudd, A. L. M-Huugull, K. Crear, Han, Whittingham, Seller, A. Camelon, Hers. J. 1. Smith and I. M'Kay, ami Mr I''. Norrie, htm. sec. Tho inimités of tho lust meeting were rend and eon linnell. Thc medical olliccr rc iiortcd that thoru wero 12 patients remaining in tho lospitnl at thu beginning of May, !) had been ad- mitted, ll had buen discharged, and lt) remained nt the end of thu month. Tho Treasurer reported that tho sum of Xl 17 l.'ls ¡id had been collected »ince his hist report in April, and that thu balance tn tho ci edit of the institution now amounted to itiHll I Os lld. Tho payments of i'ñO to tho contractor, and X'(i ¡ls ¡ld, commission to thu collector, wero confirmed. Tho visitors' reports wero noxt road. Thu question of procuring a now hath was postponed until next meet- ing. After some discussion, Air Hen moved "That tho whole of tho inside walls of thu building bu cemented and painted, and that tendon bc called for the work. That tho same committee appointed to carry out tho other works bo ruipiestod to preparo specifications mid call for tenders." Air Creer Bocoiulud tito motion. MrO'Kce/lo moved a« mi amendment, "That no additional work« bc commenced.until thu prônent contract bo completed." Mr Hawdon se- conded. Thu amendment was lost, and tho original motion carried. Mr T. G Hewitt was retiuested to dispuso of thu two cows belonging to tho institution, mid purchnso ii cow mid enif, Tho question of arning mg ns to how tho trees should bo plnntcd in tho Hospital grounds was left to tho Jliiihliug Committee. A voto of tlinuks was accorded to tho tl raf ton Troupe of Juvenile Gymnasts for their donation of £2 8s. Leave of absence for thrco weeks was granted to Dr. Courndi, to dato from Saturday, tho 8th instant, Ur. Purdie having consented to louie after tho Hospital in his absence Tho mooting then adjourned. Tut: GiiAnu.v GAS CO.MI-ANV.-The adjotirnod pre limiimry meeting of tho Grafton (¡ns Company was hold in tho School of Arts on Wednesday ovuuing. There was a largo attendance of shareholders present, Mr I'. Layton occupying the chair. Tho Chairman called upon tho Company's solicitor, Mr J, Meillon, to rend tho deed of settlement, tho consideration of which formed the principal part of tho business of the evening. A good deal of discussion mose upon some of tho clauses contained in tho deed, mid several amendments woro mndu, tho principal being thu in- crease of tho capital to X'ñOOO, and tho negativing of tho proposal to pay directors' fees-both proposed hy Mr C. S. Mansfield. Upon tho question of the lia- bility of tho Company coming up for discussion, it was decided to go on with tho election of tho direc- tors, and postpone tho further consideration nf tho deed for a week. Messrs. T. G. Howitt and D. Hen- derson having been appointed scrutineers, tho direc- tors were balloted for, when tho following gentlemen wero chosen-Messrs C. S. Mansfield, Frank Norrie, H. Creer, J. H. Munro, and T. I'ago, out of niuo duly qualiliod candidates. After sumo further conversa- tional discussion, tho usual voto of thanks to thu chairman was accorded, mid tho meeting adjourned for ono week. G lt AITON SCHOOL or Alli's.-A committee meeting of tho ti raf ton School of Arts was held on Monday oveningj nt 7. HU p.m. Present,-Mr. T. lïawiluu, M.P. (m tho chair), Messrs. Quirk, Crunghe, T. G. Hewitt, I!. Page, F. Uoborur, Hayes, M'intosh, U'lvuelle, Lodge, Hean, Meillon, and 10. N. Scott, hon. sec 'Thu minutes of thu last nicotine; wero rend and confirmed. The following receipts were reported ns having been received during tho month :-Sub scriptious, £2 12s Uti ; runts, i'2 Iis ; Government ginnt, £lñ 12s (id. Tho crodit biilmeo of gonornl Iiinil was reported to bo £71 17s .'ld, and thu balance nt tho Saving's Hank, .IMS lös 1 Oil. Tho following accounts wero recommended fur payment .-Custo- dian's salary, _ñ Ss -id ; Puter Strauss, supplies, £1 lös lUil ; Geo. Robertson, hooks, U> lils lid. Tho report was adopted and tho accounts passed for pay* meut. Tho librarian reported that 2S2 hooks hud been issued during thc mouth, 270 returned, anti that 7ñ members lind used tho library. Thu Library Committee recommended in their report, that the rending room should bo opened from 8. HO p.m. told p.m., mid that.'Iii works nt ono timo should bu lent nut to country niainbors. Tho Chairman mid Mr. li. Page gavo uotico of motions tn alter thu by-laws in accordance with tho recommendations of tho Library Committee. A lotter was rend from tho Colonial Treasurer stating that lift 12s (¡tl had been paid to tho crudit of tho Institution. Mr. Dean moved, according to notice :- "That it is inexpedi- ent to opon any part of this institution nu tho Sabbath day." Tho motion was carried by a majority of ono. lt waa resolved to post notices in conspicuous parts of tho institution requesting members tn refrain from writihg on thu books or periodicals, lt was also decided to put notices in tho rending room stating that no dogs wero permitted to enter tho building. Tho custodian having reported that some persons woro in tho habit of using tho reading room without paying tlioir subscriptions, thu Bcorotnry was requested tu instruct him to tum all «nell parsons out of thu building. Thu meeting thou ndjourncil. NARROW ESCAPE - On Monday morning last Mr. T. M. Fitzpatrick had a narrow escape from death by drowning. Mr. Fitzpatrick was in the act of getting into ono of Ids dealing boats, when ho full into the irater, mid when coming to thu surfneo ho carno in contact with tho bottom of n largo corn droghiiig boat, which was tied to tho wharf. In endeavouring to extricate himself from this unpleasant predicament Mr. Fitzpatrick struck his head against one of tho piles of thu wharf, which almost rendered him insen- sible, lind it not benn for tho tinnily nssistnueu of Mr - Cobon, who was in thu boat, and who grasped hold of Mr. Fitzpatrick immediately ho came to tho surface, thu mishap must have terminated fatally. Attvttcntc, "th. SALK AT CIIAT.HWOHTII ISLAS I>.-Mr ll. Maurice ropnrts tho satisfactory salo of tho balance nf thu stock in tho estate of Audrow Somerville, nt Chatsworth Island, on Wednesday, Juno 15. Thu attendance was gout! anti bidding spirited. Tim LAWIIKNCB ANO UOXSIIAW UOAIIS. -Through thu courtesy of Mr. lt. Donaldson, District Hoad Superintendent, wo {Taitcrficlil Slur) aro onnblod to furnish our renders with tho names of the successful tendereis for tho work on tho above roads !-For clearing, draining, farming, mid metalling thu portion of rona hotwuon llarnoy Downs omi Teiiturtluhl, ; And row Manu ; for tho supply of mniiitcunucu metal between Yellow Sidlings ami Black Siiako Creek, H. Kgun ¡ and for tho erection of bridges over Wauk smith, Duup, anti Deadmans Creeks on tho Bonshaw Hoad, W. Beattie. Thu tender for the supply of maintenance mutai on tho llluhmoud Hungo has not yet been decided. I'IIKSIIVTBIIIA.V.-Wu understand that a mooting of tho Presbytery of Sydney, in connection with thu Presbyterian Church of Kantern Australia, will bu heñí flt (Hatton on tho 11 til Juno. A call from this j river, in favour o' tho Hov. Hugh Livingstone, who j lins boen labouring koro for tito Inst two years, is, wo believe, tn bu ilispusod of nt thnt mooting,-Xurthrrii Slur. : ' AQUATIC.-Tho Coraki Regatta on Quoon's Birth whs a Buceos», got lit) by a tow bf tho least important mot» on tlierívor ¡ íannhod ^ onoanrK"cä hy othor^.,,, wor|,0(| 8jow imt aur0 towards a satlsfiiu '.orv conclusion. Tho man woro In oxcollcut spill ts, : each tine fooling lila chanco to bo good. Thu Indies looked charming, aa they invariably do when thoy euma forward In their war- paint to support their ra spcotiva ellam pions. Tho Clarence Uiver waa repre- sented by men abo hos no cnuso tn bo ashamed of, ami it is very plain that our Itlolimniiil mon must not take things aa easy whilst such competitors aro in tho Held I muru practice might have ehnnged tho fortunes of tho tlay, but aa thu bravo deserve tho fair a» tho mon who tonk tho moat troubla desurvo tho boat prise. Tho Champion lloco, priza ill-, was awarded tn Mr Hughes' Thistle, Mr M'Donald's Tommy Dodd second. This wu a good race from tho sUrt. The Thistle- start ed ulV with u slight lead, which was in- creased until nt rounding tho uuoy by a clear longth, and took tho insido water ; tho Tommy Dodd, rowing in a inoBt plucky maiiuor, tried in vain to pass her and oil'ected a foul, which was not allowed again. Again did Tommy Dodd put spurt upon spurt, but Mr ° ll uglies was always ready tu answer him, and eventually carno in a winner by a gund length. Messrs ltanii and Ceok, though rowing stonily, lind un show, which was moro tho fault of their boat than of themselves. Tho next race was won by tho Rose- bud-Messrs lirndley and Tunstall ; Mr White's boat lust a thole pin, and thus Messrs Malone mid Hughes were nowhere Tho Foui-oored Huco, for which only two boats competed, was pretty dull, thu want lif competitors causing a loss of interest. Mr Cook's boat, thu Violet, was declared tho winner. Doulilo .Sculls went to Messrs Hughes and 1 hail loy, and was wull contested throughout. Thu Hoys nuxt claimed our attention, and after uousiilor.iblu trouble thu race wns started, and was won by Mastcis Ashton and Bartlett by uliecr hard pulling. Tun lî ici I.MON o Hivi'.n Toni' Ci.tMi ANNUAL HACKS.-Wu ohsurvu thu committee havu published their programme for tho Annual Meeting, which is fixed to toko place on tho Casino racecourse on tho 1st mid 2nd day of August next. Tho races and racing money is almost thu samu as last year, tho only alteration being in tho Weller Stakes in tho omission of the sweep of 2 sovs. for second boise. Tho outrances for thc Maiden Stahes and Club Handicap to he madu on ur before ll p.m. of Tuesday, '.Ith duly, weights fur the handicap on Kith duly, and tho night of general entry Wednesday, Hist .Inly. Furn: SKLKCTIONS,-Tho following selections were madu at thu Casino Land Olllcu on Thursday, May 'M : -William Harker, .10 acres, North Lisinoru ; Tliomus Worrell, -lt) acres, Lismore ; William Stone, -10 acres, Lismore; William Saville, 41) acres. Lismore! Henry J. S. Tylor, fit) acres, South Ballina ¡ William lleardon, .10 Heres, Bungawalbin ; John Funning, 120 acres, North Casino: Francis M'Quiltv, 40 acres, Blake- brook ; John Hoberts, 40 nercs, Lismore. SKVKIIH OX 'rm: 1'UJIMUAKH or TUB MACI.IÎAV. There is no greater reproach to our civilisation, than that it serves to degrado rather than to elevate tho rude or savage pcoplo whom it subjugates by tho strong ann. Tho chief agency in this unchristian, or rather diabolical work, is iiro-watcr. Wu wero shocked ono doy this week to scu a strong, young, healthy, and well clad black woman, with two littlo piccauinys only just aldo to walk, staggering drunk nt noonday down tho road, under tho bright sun and keen frosh air-thu only compensating inheritance of tho wretched tribe, ¡nsensiblo to everything, under tho iulluciico of maddening drink. Wo inquired of n policeman how was this, and expressed tho supposi- tion that some white person purchased tho liquor. Ho said, '* No : Thtn in aol « publica» tn thia tiltil tel leha iltics nul serve them pfi*Mimllit iii artier la ff rab thc elmwe from another," What a temptation surrounds this degrading traillo ! There is not one of those men who is not personally known, and almost without nu exception much respected ; yet they aro ona and ¡di summoned bofnro tho tribunal nf opinion, mid a still moro awful tribunal whoru thuy will ask, "Lord, is it 1 !"-Miiihni/ Iliri,hi, May 25. A HASH VOWKII HOCK Him.u-It is well-known flint of Into yunis rapid progress has Ixion attained in sinking boring holes, ur i:i perforating tunnels, hy tho uso of drills, driven by steam power for boring, or by compressed-nit' power for tunnelling. These machines aro however, very costly. A cheaper form of drilling has just been invented, in which hand-power is applied. Ono mnn, or two men, turn winch handles, anti by crank and piston arrangements this powor is used to rapidly turu round and press forward tho drill-like a carpenter bores into wood with a gimlet. Thu drill is of hardened steol, with tho point shaped Uko an S. With this instrument, worked by two men, granite can ho perforated nt tho rato of (¡0 to 80 inches per hour, according to its hardness. Mit it tanti Mercury. TUB SAI.AIIIKS or HANK CI.KKKS.-It lins boon urged on behalf of tho hank dork who recently received sentence of seven years ponai servitude that his salary and that of tithers in similar positions only rouge from £80 to £100 a year, «pim which " thoy aro expected to livo and dress Uko n gentleman." Thoy aro certainly required tn malte a presentable appearance, however they may live ; and it may bo admitted that it is not easy to hiing both mids togothor on £!I0 or £100 n year. Hut how is it that these woll-dressed dorks can only command such payments, whilst tho artisan in shirt anti trousers cnn make his t.'l n week ; Knob guts his market price. Tho tradesman is wanted, whorons tho clerk is not. It is pitiable to seo so many promising young fellows languishing nu n salary which is barely sulliciunt to koop thom from starvation. Stealing, hanover, is no romcdy. Tho host course for such is to keep away from Australia. Hut if thoy have got here, thu next best course is to try and qualify thcmsclvos for some diO'cront position. Manual labour can ho learned, and it certainly pays bettor than the stnnl or tho counter.- Week. A TK.MI'BIIATI: HKI'AST.-It appears tho present Provost of Glasgow is a teetotaler of a very objection ablo type. On a recent occasion ho asked tho ailleurs of her Majesty's 70th Highlanders tu dino with him, and absolutely gave them nothing tn drink hut cold water, with tho alternative of gingernde. No tloulit this sort of entertainment suited tho ' douce man's' pneltut us woll as his principles ; but let mo tell him, if not meant ns a practical joke, it was littlo bettor than au insult. I.vcu tho unspeakable Turk or thu most ascetlu Hindoo, if entertaining a Koringoo, offers the latter tho juico of tho grape, although himself tak- ing nothing stronger than sherbet. What would this 'abstainer think if, on dining with tho 7!Hh, they insisted on his having nothing lint brandy t-W'orltl. IÜHK.VV Avt'VtoS SALK,-Tho larguât, mid consider- ing tho present price of cattle, ¡tinny ho said the most satisfactory sale over accomplished on tho Macleay I took place this « eek under tho hummer nf our veteran salesman, Mr. V. Scott, at Glenugie. It histed from Tuesday till Saturday tho 25th, both inclusivo. Tho snlu wns on nccountn'f tho Messrs M'Maugh Urothors'. l'co Deo station; ¿Mr. C. O'Sullivan, £11)10, Hell Hrook, Mr K G. Panton, £821. MacKenzie's Crook, Crossman tc M'Maugh, CfiOO. 25 bullocks, at £4 por head, I hull, I do. 27, 1 do. ll, .Til huad nvorago £'.) lis Od. pur head.-Mitclcny llcruhl. May 2ii. IT is refreshing losco ho»' good-humour-il mid chari- table people cnn bo when they ure on tho winning aide. As mir roiulors know, the ( ioveinmont lum decided, and on fair grounds, thin thc Noillietn railway should go hy way ol' Armidale mid not hy way of Inver, ll. Tho gund nows has >f course reached thc fortunato town, und ibo " IltmliV»* uorresponib nt tells us that it hus marlo thu people »i> jubilant tint they cnn nflbrd to sympathise with their Intered neigh- bours, which they most hiwtity do, under their grout mid grievous di- iippoiutmerit, and that Uley uro quito willing to bury tho hatchet and forgive nil thc misrepresentations that Armidale hus sullcrcd nt ibu hands ol' IiiTorell. Such noble generosity is quito aft'citing, nuil it would almost imiko us lliiu'k thia thc millennium is possihlo nflcr nil. il' it were not that tho sumo correspondent tolls us that, lind thc Gnvernnioiit cono tho other way, immy ol' Ibo Arniidule people would hnvo lost th'uir senses. This shuns a we ikncs« on tho cerebral sido, which forces us to dod ti ct somewhat fruin tho estimate wc might nlherwiso hnvo lorindi! ol' Ibo solid magnanimity of the residents in tho tableland township. Hut how iihtint the good people ol' 1 ovo iel 1 J Aro they all iniigiiiinimims, or uro they all going iliad t Do thcy ton (bel disposed to bury the botchet; to forgive thc misrepresentations of Armidale ; io u ligrntuliitc their successful rivilla, und to accept tho situa ion on public grounds? Tho lleuilil'* correspondent mids that, since thc decision ortho Government, bind lu Armidale luis risen in value li fl y pur cent. This, doubtless, parity accounts for the enthusiasm; hut great joy is I siiiiiftiinoB ns near to mildness ns grout grief ; und"wo shall feel anxious about our Armidale friends until wo get sntisfnotury bulletins tint they hnvo passed tho dangerous orlsfs ol' their joy, mid ure s tiling down into n anno .iud tranquil calculation ot their gains.-Belm. ItowiNO ox LAN II.-An old joko muong sailors, thnt landsmen could novor got ulong by rowing on land, promises , to . luso its truth. An ingénions Wolvornnn<nf"" ">"" n'~ '*-:.' ». !.'.>.?.-a"> _,_r_ii»uMiauuj uos'invoBtoa a moni». flentlnn of tho hyoyolo, by willoh' tho " power " is obtained hy n level har, crossing in front of tho rider. j Tho rider works this bar backwards und forwards with lu's hands, nnd tims li crank ia moved connected I with tho nxlo of tho whoo), ami motion forward of tho vuhiolo is kept up. Sketches of the new vehicle, j given in tho Industrial Supplement nf tho l\\\no¡>enn j .l/ni7 (April 12), reprcsont th roo sixes. In ono tho solitary man works himself forward ns abovo de- scribed. In the next tho happy lunn does tho working, whilst a Indy sontod by Ins sido steers tho front guiding wheel. In tho third vohiclo four jolly luml tnrs tin tho working, « hilo n fifth Jockey sits on «ml gullies tho front wheel. If tho new invention proves I n practicable thing, wo may safely produit groat popularity (or it. 