CUEIST CHUECH, DUBLIN — ITS RESTORATION BY MR. ROE. (From the Sligo Champion, April 13th.) Christ Church in Dublin is said to have been founded in the year 1038, when Sitric ono of the Danish princes of Dublin, gave the site to Donat, Bishop of Dublin, for the erection of a church in honour of the Blessed Trinity. In the reign of Henry the Eighth, and the year 1538, this church was utterly despoiled. As we stated some time ago the present possessors of this church have no claim whatever to it except what might bill of sale, or receipt for the purchase money is to be found in the archives. The Catholics maintained it for 500 years while it was left in their possession, but those who despoiled them of it did not understand the property of keeping it in repair, and it was evidencing signs of decay, when Mr. Roe, the distiller, proposed to ex. pend several thousand pounds in the restora tion, and leave was accorded to him so to do. He has been for some years carrying out his purpose, and no objection was made to his expending his money, until a few days ago the' faithful were horrified at discovering that a large cross and Agnus Dei were on graved on a stone screen which is placed between the choir and the nave, whereupon ' William Marrable ' first canon, writes to Archbishop Trench that this large cross and Agnus Dei were actually there, and worse still, that there is in the east window a representation of our Saviour on the cross, and that these things ' make it as like a Romish altar, as possible. ' The Canon also apphrehends, that such things may tend to in troduce here ' the Homeward tendency and sad mischief done by the same in the Sister Isle.' The Canon further, informs his Lord Archbishop, that ' all these distinctly Romish symbols were abolished at the time of the Reformation.' The Canon concludes by saying, ' I assure you I thus convoy niy sentiments not in a factitious spirit but with a single eye to the glory of God and the good of the church.' The Archbishop merely acknowledged receipt of this letter. Here now is a church founded 840 years ago, iu honour of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and after that length ol: time it is objected that anything symbolical of the three Divine Persons should be seen there or heard of there ! Here is a good ground for leaders in the Orange and Infidel organs. They can join ' William Marrable ' m protesting against a crucifix, an Agnes Dei, or a stained, glass representation of our Saviour on the cross being lodged under the roof of Christ Church. THE REPRESENTATION OF COUNTY DOWN. The contest for the seat left vacant by the death of Mr. J. Sharman Crawford is likely to be a vigorous and a close one. The can didates at present in the field are discount Castlereagh, who stands in the Conservative interest, and Mr. W. Andrews, Q.G., who stands in the Liberal. Up to recent years the county was a Conservative one, but at the last election the return of Mr. Crawford broke the long tradition, and showed that with the protection of the ballot the Liberal electors were .strong enough to carry the day. The friends of Mr. Andrews, who promises to advocate measures of land reform similar to those of which Mr. Crawford was such an ardent champion, are very hopeful of success. Though the present Viscount Castlereagh is personally popular, his name is a bad one in politics, and will be seen to exercise a dis advantageous influence on his canvass. TISIT OF REV. F. VAUGHAN, O.S.B. The Very Rev. Dom Jerome Vaughau, Prior of the Benedictine Monastery at Fort Augustus, in Scotland, has just arrived in Dublin for the purpose of soliciting subscrip tions here and throughout Ireland towards the noble work with which his name is now inseparably connected. He is accompanied by Father Cummins, of the same monas tery,, and- is already deep in the arduous Avork to which he has set himself. On Sunday Father Vaughan preached to a large congregation in the Church of St. Andrew, Westland-row, whilst Father Cummins preached to an equally large congregation in the Church of the Car melite Fathers* Whitefriar- street. The Very Rev. Prior, has been most -kindly re ceived by the most Rev. Dr. M'Cabe, the assistant prelate to his Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop, and received from him his owe personal subscription and permission to preach in the metropolitan diocese in support of bia monastery. I believe that since his arrival F. Vaughan has had ample reason to bo gratified with the warmth of his reception by the people of Dublin, and with the suc cess of collection. I know that the cause for which he is engaged is a popular as well as deserving one, and Catholic Ireland will bs as generous as she can afford to be, con sidering the daily pressing calls upott hoi* not over abundant resources, in helping to re-erect in Scotland a Monastic system, -with which the names of so many Irish saints have been so gloriously and so intimately connected. If a word from no humble a source as mine can be of any avail, I earnestly urge on Irishmen, abroad as well as at home, to have the merit of having shared in build ing up to stateliness and to the service of God the Benedictine Abbey of Fort Augustus. FIRE AT ICILLEEN CASTLE. ,'/' .' On last Friday a destructive fire occurred at Lord Fin gall's splendid old mansion, Killeen Castle, in Co. Meath. Much valu able furniture and several highly-prized old oil paintings wero destroyed, and some portions of the building were left in ruin. The noble owner was away in Paris at the time of the lire, but all his servants and tenants worked with great energy to check the spread of tho flames, and to save many losses. It is said that moro than five thousand pounds worth of property has been destroyed. RELEASE OF A MILITARY PRISONER. We have to announce the discharge from prison of James Dillon, who was convicted of drilling, and firing at a policeman in the year 180(5. He has' .served twelve years in Spike Island, where he was well acquainted with the Kcllys and O'Connor. The latter has suffered intense torture from the treat ment, which in his case was exceptionally and wantonly severe. James Dillon is a very aged-looking, haggard man, though he was only twenty-one when convicted. It is rumoured that the ca.se of some other prisoners in Spike is under the consideration of the Lord Lieutenant. — Irishman, May 11. SEIZURE OF ARMS IN LIMERICK. On Wednesday evening, April 10, while a man was attending to a horse in a stable rented from the Board of Works by the local agent of the Grand Canal Company, at the Canal quay, Limerick, a large bag fell down into the stable from the hayloft above. On examination of the bag it was found to be filled with arms. Information of the finding of the articles was at once sent to the Clare street barracks, and Head-constable Conway and some cf his party went to the stable and took charge of the' bag and its contents, consisting of two breechloadiug rifles, de tached from their stocks, evidently to make the bag less remarkable, three bayonets, three ramrods, and a revolver of rather a peculiar construction, made in Paris. It con tained twelve chambers of small diameter and a large fixed barrel, much shorter than the others, in the centre, capable of holding a musket bullet and a large charge of pow der, so as to do execution at long range, while the revolving barrels or chambers were intended for closer work. The bag also contained a military sword, much like_ those worn by sergeants of the line. The finding of the articles at the place indicated has been made the subject of a great deal of comment and speculation. THE PRISONERS AT PORTLAND. The political prisoners Melody and Edward O'Meara Condon, were visited in Portland Prison on the Gth of April. The former is in good health, but the latter is mentally and physically depressed. Condon, who is in bad health, is very much downcast at the decision of the Home Secretary uot to con sider their case until they have spent fifteen years of their term in confinement. THE GREAT o'KEEFE LEGACY EXPLODED. The Irish Times of April 17th and 18th, contained sensational, and as will be seen, unreliable correspondence, of which the fol lowing is a briof extract : — Limerick, April 16, 1878 A few months ago I informed you of the wonderful luck of the Limerick Buckleys in being discovered* as the true heirs of about £250,000 in Australia, left to them by a poor boy, who, a criminal, left this city some forty years ago. In Clare, a poor shoemaker was also discovered as the heir to about £100,000 ; ? but these chance hits of fortune pale their ineffectual fires' before the latest case of ' good luck.' Yesterday Mr. D.P.M'Carthy, a native of Cork, architect, of Barrington street, received a letter signed G-.A. Stanley, New square, Lincoln's Inn, London, inform ing him as follows : — ' I am directed to inform you that the first instalment of the O'lieefe lcgacj^has come to hand, in your favour for £'500';000. The whole or the greatest portion of the £500,000,000 \ left by the, deceased will come to you, except the portion allotted to your brothers, about which the Crown will decide. ' Mr. M'Carthy received the intimation with great equanimity and great thankfulness that his first cousin, Charles Robert O'ICeefe, late of Allahabad, who died a bachelor, had left Kim such a splendid forfcuue, which 'made him a millionaire five times repeated. 'Maurice Lenihan, Limerick, emphatically denounces misstatements in pur Irish Times where his name unwarrantably appears re garding the sensational M'Carthy India be quest.' Washington, May 2, 1878. Mr. Litchfield, the United States Consul General at Calcutta, in a letter to the Depart ment of State, says that he has received and answered numerous letters from persons in various parts of the United States relative to a statement published about November, 1876, in the Irish Citizen of New York, that one Charles Robert O'Kcef e died in February, 1876, in Victoria-street, Allahabad, and that Messrs. Carrington and Whigley, attorncys at-law, at Calcutta, were advertising for heirs to his estate, winch was estimated as amounting to §25,000,000. On careful investigation the Consul can find no ground for the statement. No nian of the name of O'Keefe had lived or died at Allahabad of late years ; there is no Victoria street in Allahabad ; there is no law firm of Carrington and Whigley in Calcutta. There is a lawyer named Wigley, but he has no knowledge of the matter, and no advertise ment such as described has appeared in any paper. COUNTY OV 31 13 AT II LAND CASE. On Rn.t.invinv Anvil fif.li . in T^n. 9, Avl--ifvn- tion Room, Four Courts, the case of Mr. James A. Clarke, a trader in Drogheda. against the Earl of Howth, for compensation in respect of disturbances from a farm on Lord Howth's property, came on for hearing. A man named Laurence Iuernan had been for some 15 or 1(5 years tenant from year to year of a farm of about 48 Irish acres, called Jjeggagh, in the barony of Moygallion, and it appeared that from time to time Mr. Clarke accommodated him with money till his advances in 1S72 amounted to £330. By a bill of sale executed in August of that year he parted with all his property to the claimant with the exception of his tenancy from year to year, to secure the money which he had borrowed from him. From time to time Mr. Clarke sold crops, and reduced the debt to £214. It was stated that Lord Howth, on the ground that the farm was becoming deteriorated by bad management, had a notice to quit served last April for the following November, but while this notice was pending, Clarke levied execution, and at the sheriff's sale, which took place on the 15th of October last, he became purchaser of the tenancy which, pursuant to notice, was terminable on the 1st of November, and from which he was evicted. He now claimed, in respect of disturbance £14Ji, equal to two years' rent ; but this was met by a set-off on behalf of Lord Howth, amounting to £416, for various charges. The chairman allowed Clarke's claim, with costs. ' kildare's holy fake.' Among the finest relies now left us of old Irish architecture is the Kildare Cathedral, which has fallen sadly into disrepair, and, to put the matter shortly, is at the present moment in ruins. We are sincerely glad of having an opportunity of saying a good word in. aid of the restoration of one of the grandest old cathedrals in Ireland ; and it speaks well for the people of Kildare that they have set to work so energetically, and contributed so liberally, towards its restoration. For up wards of two hundred 3rears it has lain a mass of ruins, and a standing reproach not only to the people of Kildare but to the entire country. The spot itself is hallowed by many associations which bring us back to the earliest and purest ages of ecclesiastical history; and the round tower is not only Peculiarly national in character, but even now is one of the most perfect extant, . The pre cise date of the building of the cathedral is unknown, though Mr/ Street — probably as ; good an authority on a question of this kind as we could have' — places it in the thirteenth century. But, however this, may be, we know for certainty that it has been conse crated ground ever since the time of St. Patrick ; that it was originally built by St. Bridget, to whom it is dedicated; that it shared the sad fate of so many other Irish buildings of the kind in the Great Rebellion ; and that the choir was reconstructed ' on St. Pet. day, when I was ordained Deacon, : 1686' (Bishop Wilson). Already the people of the diocese have made great progress to wards the restoration of their grand old cathe dral, but the work is one of great magnitude and'proportionate cost, and they find them selves compelled, much against their will, to ask lor assistance beyond their own boun daries in what may be truly called a national work. That assistance, we feel confident, they will receive, and Irishmen of all parties and creeds ought to contribute towards the restoration of a building rendered sacred by the associations of centuries, and thus pre serve, ere yet it is too late, one of the few ex isting monuments of our connection with the past. _ That the public will respond liberally to this call we have no doubt ; and, already, in the persons of Mr. and Miss Trench, who have contributed respectively £500 and £200 towards the £2,000 required, we have a splen did instance of public fooling in the matter. We sincerely trust that many more will aid so 'good .a causo in a similar way.-— Irish Times. . ' ' AN ANECDOTE OF O'CONNELL. In Mrs. O'Connell's ' Life of Charles Bianconi' there is a story of Daniel O'Connell, which shows a trait of that great Catholic's character, which, we have the testimony of Christ in one of His most beautiful parables, is singularly pleasing to God. We fear that the good old custom of giving thanks to God for favours received, is one of the lost arts. Gratitude nowadays has been defined to be ' a lively anticipation, of favours to come.' Yet even for these there is little real gratitude to heaven. The accomplished biographer, to whom we refer, says : ' The Liberator's too open-hearted generosity, that once left him in galling, though only temporary difficulties, sank deeply into my father's naturally warm heart. He and two other gentlemen under took to set O'Connell's affairs straight for him. They saw that his income was large enough to meet the demands without sacrificing a single farm. My father cross-questioned O'Connell about the details of his property and about his liabilities to the bank, and, un like most men in difficulties, O'Connell con cealed nothing, nor left any secret untold. My father put his questions as delicately as he could, but he has said that he never suf fered more acutely than in seeing the Libera tor wince and so plainly show his sorrow. He, however, made a bargain, and a very wise one. too. in electing that he was not to be bothered about the mat ter until it was all settled. At length the happy day arrived. My father called upon his friend and found him standing writing at his high desk. He did not at once begin to talk about the matter, but held the bank-book in his hands, and he could see O'Connell occasionlly looking askance at the little vellum-bound volume pretty much as a child eyes its spelling-book. 'Well, Liberator,' my father said, 'won't you take a look at your bank-book ?'' The question did not make a pleasant impression, and my ?father was obliged to open the book and point with his finger to the sum total, showing a fair balance to the credit of Daniel O'Connell, Esq. My father said that he never would forget the expression that was then upon his friend's face. After a moment's bewilderment O'Connell lifted up his eyes to the big crucifix that hung over his desk, took off his cap, and said, in a low and reverent tone, ' Thanks be to God !' Never was my father so much astonished as he was then at seeing O'Connell thus raise his thoughts to heaven before he had verified the accuracy of the figures. No man ever recognized more heartily than my father that, though he had toiled and planned, it was God who had given him his good things ; yet he must have worked out the amount for himself and seen that it was correct before he could thus reverentially express his gratitude.' MISCELLANEOUS. A practical joke was played on Mondaj*, April 1st., on the members of the Limerick Hunt. The meet of Sir David Roche's fox hounds had been fixed for the following day, but some wag sent post-cards to several ladies and gentlemen of the county and city stating that, owing to private arrangements made by the master, the meet had been altered to Monday, and the rendezvous fixed for Tervoe, the seat of Lord Emly. The result was that a large field assembled at Tervoe at the appointed hour, and, after considerable delay, and when neither master nor foxhounds were putting in an appearance, it began to leak out that the company had been hoaxed. On inquiry it turned out that such was m reality the case, and the party had ultimately to turn homewards, some rather amazed, and others not a little amused. There ' is now an almost sure aud certain hope that the Limerick and North Kerry Railway, as projected some two or three years ago, will soon begin to assume shape, and that the works will begin simultaneously at Tralce and Listowel. The means of communication between these two important towns at present, and for a long time past, have been anything but satisfactory, and the inhabitants of both are anxiously awaiting the completion of a line of railway which will bring them in direct connection with Limerick . city and the railway system of the remainder of the country. All the preliminaries necessary before beginning the works have been arranged in a most satis factory manner, and it is hoped that before two years have passed from this date the line will he open for public traffic. The splendid Caen stone pulpit for St. Saviour's church, Limerick, is being erected. The Rev. Peter O'Keefe, P.P., Cloiigh, diocese of Ossory, where he served as parish priest for many years, with great zeal for the interests of religion, died on April 3rd, after an illness of 3 months, aged over 70 years. The deceased clergyman was pos sessed of a great fund of learning, which was unconsciously very often displayed to his rural flock with much of the simplicity of a Dominie Samson, and which gave rise to many genial stories amongst his 'brethren. A shocking revelation was made at the Galway board of guardians on March 29th. It appears that two persons died in the Gal way Union, one of whom was claimed by .-the relatives, and the other was unclaimed. The latter body was about to be conveyed by aight as a subject for the anatomical school Df the college ; but the procurator, in removing it, took the wrong bodjr. Next day the funeral took place, and the coffin being Light, when the funeral reached the church yard, as the clergyman was about to read the service, the relatives removed the lid from the coffin, and the horrible spectacle pre sented itself of the intestines of the deceased. Great excitement ensued, but the clergyman, after much exertion, dispersed the people. The Rev, Mr. Carrolin, as chaplain of the union, reported the matter to the guardians, and also to his Bishop, and the consequence is, that Dr. M'Evilly, Bishop of Galway, has forbidden him, until reparation is made for the outrage, on no account to offer up the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass in the Galway workhouse. On April 2nd, an investigation was opened in the Galway workhouse relative to the scandalous desecration of the dead which was recently brought to light in that establish ment, and which has caused the Bishop to place it under an interdict. The guardians have been in the habit of handing over un claimed corpses to the Queen's College for use in the anatomy school. It was proved that the Queen's College porter, who is a man of intemperate habits, came lately to the dead-house of the .Union, where two coffins were lying, wrenched off the lid. of a coffin which harl been -nreviouslv claimed by rela tives for burial, and took the body away in a hamper to the College, leaving in its place a bundle of intestines. The horrible occurrence was discovered just as the coffin was being lowered into the grave after the burial ser vice had been read. The evidence was to suggest that such occurrences are by no means exceptional. The guardians decided to continue supplying bodies to the College, but under more stringent regulations, and the Catholic chaplain stated that the interdict will be mantained as long as the resolution continues in force. Mr. Robert S. M'Kenzie, excise officer, who was seriously injured on the occasion of the outbreak of the fire at Power's Distil lery, in Thomas-street, Dublin, on March 4th, died in Steven's1 Hospital on April 2nd. The deceased, who was only about 30 years of age, was engaged in ' dipping' or gauging the whisky in a large vat in the testing de partment of the distillery, his assistant hold ing a light for him, when an explosion occurred, and the deceased was thrown vio lently up. His face was much scorched, and the right eye was completely destroyed. He also sxistained fractures of the legs, and the right hand was stripped of flesh. The Tralee Chronicle of April 2nd states, on the most reliable authority, that the Rev. Dr. M'Carthy, Maynooth, has been ap pointed by the Holy See Bishop of Kerry, in room of the late Right Rev. Dr. Moriarty. The announcement has been received in Tralee with manifestations of joy, as Dr. M'Carthy is a Kerryman. Mr. Patrick Doyle, fish salesman, in a letter to a Dublin paper, gives the following .particulars of the state of the Kinsale fish ermen : — ' Upwards of 200 boats are at present engaged in the Kinsale fishing. Each boat is manned by seven men and a boy, all of whom, generally speaking, have families depending on them. The cost of the train of nets with which each boat is supplied, amounts to about £150, and these nets and a supply of provisions, which cost from £40 to £50, are got on credit, to be paid for out of their good catches at the fishing ground. The fishing ends on June 20.' Mr. Doyle suggests the propriety of an appeal to the country and the Board of Trade on behalf of the sufferers. The Government have decided to consti tute Galway a prison district, and to enlarge the present prison buildings, so as to fit it for the accommodation of the convicts at present in Spike Island. It has been determined to utilize the convict labour in the improvement of Galway harbour. . It is intended to con nect Mutton Island with the mainland hy a breakwater. The contemplated harbour improvements, which include a pier and graving dock on Mutton Island, with the projected breakwater, it is estimated willcost £150,000. The prison passed under the control and management of the new Prisons Board at the end of April,. and, it was antici pated the convicts would be removed there about the first of May, and would be en camped at Mutton Island until the altera tions in ifhe prisons are effected so as to provide the necessary accommodation. On March 29th, Mr. Hornibrook, a gentle man farmer, aged 78 years, whose residence borders on Kinsale, and who for several years has farmed a large tract of land adjoin ing the lands of Rathmore, went out in his usual health and in the very best of ? spirits, to sow some seed. While so engaged he was seen to fall helplessly upon the ground, aud when his ploughman, who hastened to lift him, asked him what was the cause, the only answer he could make him was that he got a giddiness in his head. His brother, Dr. Hornibrook, was immediately sent for, and was in constant attendance on him, but he died about twenty- four hours after the at tack. A workman, employed in Goolaney bog, recently found, at a depth of about twelve feet from the surface, an ancient bronze opear-head in good preservation. It mea sures seven or eight inches in length, includ ing the socket, in which the handle or spear shaft was, fitted. The edges and point of the blade still retain a wonderfully keen :;harpness. The metal is of a peculiarlook ing description, and the workmanship is manifestly of a superior kind. This rouvemr of the daya when, perchance, ' Malachi wore the Collar of Gold,' is now in the possession of Mr. Joseph Flanagan, Ballymote. The tenantry of the Limerick and Clare estates of the Earl of Limerick have, at a cost of .something like £500, purchased a magnificent diamond tiara, for presentation to the Countess of Limerick, to mark the oc casion of her marriage with their landlord. The tiara has been manufactured by Mr, Henry Sterling, of Limerick, and consists of ; five stars worked in Brazilian diamonds, and which can be made to serve the centre of a large one as a brooch, and the two next, one at each side, as hairpins. The two small diamonds of the tiara can, when required, be used as earrings. The presentation will take place in a few days, the Earl and Countess .-. being expected to visit their property in the neighbourhood early next month. : 