BOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, August 27. The Fp?aker tooK tbe Chair at 2 o'clock. THE GOVERNMENT AND THE COUNCIL OP EDUCATION. Mr. WAED gave notice that on Wednesday week he would move— 'That this House dis approves of tbe action ottbe Ministry in the con ?iiii't nf it« Vitiflinpsa asneedlesslv teudinatonrovoke a collision between the Minuter ot tuacauon ana tbe Council of Education.' APPOINTMENT OF SIR WILLIAM MILNE AS AN AKB1TKATOK. Mr. BBA Y desired 10 asfc the Treasurer without notice— and in order that he might be allowed to make a few remarks on the question he would move— 'That the House at its rising adjourn till half-past 1 o'clock to-morrow'*— whether the Government had appointed Sir William Milne, the President cf the Legislative Council, to act as an arbitrator concerning disputes with the contractor for the Eivoli Bay Jetty. Members q[ Parliament were debarred from taking any poiition Under the Government from which they might obtain any wmpensatic n. He could hardly consider it any portion of Sir William's duty aB President of the Council to undertake such a duty. Apart from that question, he did not suppose that Parlia ment would have more confidence in any man than Sir William for the performance of the duty, but at the same time it was important that the House and the public outside should know tbe exact terms on which he was performing the duty, and also whether they considered a member o! Parliament could fairly undertake it, or whether this was an entirely exceptional case. The ques tion was one of jjrtat public importance. He could hardly suppose that Sir William would occupy tbe position except with the view of being rewarded in aBme way. Me did not think the President of the Council or the Speaker of the Assembly occupied any position different from that of ordinary members of Parliament that would allow it to be fairly said that they couUl undertake duties that nootber member could undertake. He wanted the Uomnment to distinctly say whether Sir William wras performing the duties without compensation for bis (Ruble, and whether or not they assumed or agreed tLat members of Parliament could fairly be called on to undertake the duties without m any vay interfering with their duties as members of Parliament or infringing the principles toat guided the Government and members of Parliament in tnatteis cf this kind. The TREASUKKK (Hon. J. P. Boncant) said he did not think it desirable to discuss the whole -nestion raised by the hon. member for Eaat Ace 5'--dp The Government felt that it was exceed S—jr^ ''ibleto have an arbitrator of undoubted S»Sd TCta3on to investigate these matters. OfceSfhad betn nfl ^mtanding between the ttoveinruentMdSiTWm. i^'ne. fie accepted the £S '5 ; tSS ^ue« of the Government, and they were indebted to him for conieut«r-g to act. There was nothing exceptional in the case, acii ne had do doubt wb&tever; but that a member of Parliament could undertake such a duty. Mr. TOWNSEND said that be was amazed whsn tie Baw an announcement in the papers to the effect that Sir William bad been appointed an arbitrator. He had notcne word to say against bis fitness for the position— be did not kr.ow that the Govern ment could have selected a better arbitrator— but it opened up adaogerous principle. Sir William had cither accepted the position with or without pay. -jbe presumed that Mr. Tomkinsqn, the other arbitrator, would be paid. Supposing the arbitra tion was against the contractors they would hare to Stay the fees, and in that case Sir William would be entitled to claim them. He did not think it would Ik an office of profit or emolument from the Cro wn if the fees were to come from the other side. He thought that the Government had made a serious mistake. Public men should be thorouehJy inde pendent of the Government; they should cot as iremfcers of Farliament be liable to any Govern ment influence whatever. Even if a person accepted an honorary position offered to him br the Govern ment te was under personal obligation to the ?Government in someway. . Mr. HAKE said thia appeared to him like many ether discussions that had Deen raised thi3 session— a »torm in a teapot. The question for the Govern snentto consider was whether Sir Wm. Munewa3 t ebeat man for the purpose. He was above the i fluence of ordinary memters of Parhraient, and (if he was the best man in the ccuntry every common Btnse man wouldabide by him. VThilston the one bind he was above suspicion on the other he waa eminently qualified fur the position, Ilis simple Kuty was to do his duty in a direct way. The Hen. J. CAKK did. not know what the hon. mentor for Waii&roo; Beaut by 'o;tiiaary »$».. biJB of Parliament.'' He heM thit in the eyes of the public and of the law one member nf Cail:3 ment was as good aa another. Thev all claimed the same right to immunities and privileges, and Sir Wm. Milne had no richt to any immunity which cculd not be afforded to the youagess member of the Hi use. He held that in dealing in matters of this kind there should b3 some son of equality. Any merchant who was a member of the House was prevented from supplying the Go vernment with articles, and that be:nz the case he thought they should Got be allowed the ruin of conferring an appointment of profit or em lument such as that of arbitrator, lie diSVieii wnh Mr Townsend as to the appointment t^iuz or.e of profit or emolument He coiitendrd tha: whoever paid tbe fees it was an offia -?«' proh' nremolu ment, because of the appointment bu::;^ nij-le by the Government. It was a dangerous icinz to appoint an arbitrator o the c!i nice --? the other side having; to pay the fees. Art) triior? ware appointed to represmr.t each side of the question, and they j.ujtht tu he placed iu as independent a totitiot. .. , {?o-s:b!e. so th:it they mipht act fairly to bo h ;-aities. The Government bad made a mistake in -his matter. If they pretended to exclude persons sit'iiy in the Koiue from offices of profit or enioinruent r''?v should do it consistently. Mr. WAKD ih-Ju^M t!-.at the thaiiLs of the Home were due to the hon. member for East Adelaide for mention'ma this matter, lie sub mitted most confi'lectlv that if Sir W'm. Milne actsd on behalf of the Government with payment his seat would become vacant. There coal j be no doubt about that. There was the Contiactors in Parliament Act, which the hon. member for Wallaroo with his extensive experience and vast a?e had overlroked. (Mr. Hsre— ' Hear, hear.') That Act excluded any man wlio had any deaiins with the Government from taking a. seat in the House. He thought that that Act was a great mistake, as through it the country lost the services if many eminent men who were well qualified to take seats in either Houte. However, while it was the law cf the land it should be respected. If Sir Win. Miine derived any pecuniary benefit from the contract he had entered into with tbe Government he would most unquestionably lose his seat; and he supposed that no one would regret that more than the Government themselves. If he were to exercise that power or authority without fee or reward it was equally objectionable in principle. It would establish this precedent : that the Govern ment might give positions of trust, responsibility, and power without remuneration in a direct pecu niary sense to members of the Legislature. That would be found to be as objectionable in practice as tbe other. He wondered that the Government had not paid more respect to the princip'es of the Contractors in Parliament Act, more especially as there were gentlemen in the Ministry who valued the position of power more tb.in they valued the mere salary attached to their offices. Would it not he held to.be a n:on?trous thing becauf-e a Minis ter was in that position that he should have any higher claim to position, trust, and powerthan tt.e man who mrght have to calculate on his sal.vy ? He would ask the Government to desire Sir Wm. Milne to withdraw from the position. The ATTOflNEY-GENEBAL (Hon. C. Mann) said that the bon. member for Gnmeracha had played many parts in bis time, but this wa3 the first time he knew of his setting himself up as an authoritative expniu nt of the laws of the land. (Laughter.) He differed with him entirely as to theeBectBof the law laid down ia the Act Un questionably in his op'nion, and he was borne out in it by all the leaders of the profession here, the appointment of Sir Wm. Milne in noway infringed the Contractors Act. He had had to consider the matter personally, as since he had been a member of Parliament he had received fees from the Go vernment for work in which be was professionally enaaced. He did not accept those fees, as they might readily imagine, without carefully consider ing whether or not he would ba infringing the Act. lie unhesitatingly said he did not Tbe Government had secured the services of Sir Wm. Milne's position, ability, and integrity to conduct the arbitration on their behalf, because there was no wish on their part to d3 anything unfair to the contractor— their only olyact was to conserve tbe public interest. He might further say that the position had only been ac cepted by Sir William on the urgent representation of himself and the Chief Secretary that tbe Go vernment desired hid services. He was surely entitled to some fee for his trouble. He disputed the proposition of the hon. member for Gumeracha that the transaction was illegal, and he would say that the country was fortunate indeed in securing an arbitrator and umpire of tbe ability ot Sir Wm. .Milne and Sir Henry Ayers respectively. GOVERNOR'S ASSENT TO. BILLS. A message was received from His Excellency the Governor giving his assent to the following Bills : —Port Adelaide Recreation Ground; Inebriates Act Amendment; Companies Act Amendment. APPOINTMENT OF SIR WM. MILNE AS ARI5ITRATOK. x'esumru tlenate. Mr. CAVENAGH desired to ask the Treasurer whether, after the arbitration had been finished ted any action was entered against the arbitrators, he Government would indemnify Sir Wta. Milne. Ihe TREASURER (Hon. J. P. iioucaat)Cer ainly not. The Hon. L. GLYDE said he was rather asto aisbed to hear the Attorney-General ta'.kinsr about :aking fees as a member of Parliament. He (Mr. iJlyde) had had to refuse fees from the Govern ment when he estimated the damage done to wool by the railways. That was exactly the position of an arbitrator. When he saw the paragraph in the Register announcing Sir William's appointment he took it for granted that there had been some over sight on the part of the Government. He had not awotd to say against Sir Wm. Milne, nor did he want to blame the Government for their action, but he would ask them to retrace their steps. Sir Henry Ayeis had been selected as umpire, but it could hardly bs said that he was an appointee of. the Government. Whilst tbe Constitution Act was tbe law of the bind it was well that nothing should be done that would lead to the slightest suspicion being attached to hon. members. Mr. BKAY was surprised that the Government bad treated this matter so lightly. He did not say that tbe country would not be well served by the appointment, but he raised a question as to the propriety of it He would ask the Government to look at the position of the hon. member for Encounter Bay (Mr. Parsons). He was a member of the Council of Education, and he desired to become a member of Parliament, but he could not do so because he received a paltry fee of a guinea for his services. He was prepared to waive his fee, but it was held that it was an office of profit, because he was entitled to the fee whether he took it or not Then there was a gentleman who wa3 likely to be returned as a member of the Legisla tive Council, but could not nominate himself. He referred to Mr. Martin, who. because he took contracts from Local Boards which the Parliament passed supplementary votes for, was advised that be was a contractor and could not therefore take a seat in Parliament. Then there was the case of Mr. Krichauff, who had been elected a member of tbe Commission appointed to enquire into matters relating to the Keal Property Act The acpointment was generally approved because that gentleman had given great attention to the working of the measure. He performed the duties, and Mr. West-Brskine proposed that he should be allowed compensation the Bame as the other members' of the Commission, ao one spoke against that stronger than the present Attorney-General. He then made a state ment which waa in direct contradiction of a statement he had made that day. He Baiil :— ' He thought that it was in principle very undesirable to allow members of the House to receive money from the Government for any ser vices they might render. What difference inpnn cin'e waa there between a member serving on a Select Committee in the aession and on a Commis sion in the recess V ' The 17th clause of the Consti tution Act forbade this. It Baid that if any member accepted any office of profit or pension from the Crown during pleasure, excepting those offices absolutely required, his seat should be- declared vacant. He contended that the office of arbi trator was one of profit. He would like to know whether the Government had appointed Sir William Mime without pointing out the risk he ran. He as a member of Parliament would be quite willing to indemnify him it neces sary asainst the consequences of taking the posi tion. He believed that there were several other gentlemen in the colony who were thoroughly well qualified for tfce ration. In 1857 Mr, Baaot took the position of Solicitor-General without salary, and Mr. Hanson, the late Chief Jmtise, who was in the House at tbe time, moved that he was a ttracger in the House. He said— 'The fact of drawing no salarv did not prevent the office being one of profit. T'he question was simply whether the office was one of profit in itself, and he thought that no one would deny that.' No cne could deny that the office he was now referring to was one of profit Sir Kichard Hanson called attention to the fact that he wa= appointed Solicitor- General without salary, but knowing that he bad no right to hold the oilce Mr. Bagot resigned it after the debate had been adjourned. He hoped the Government would take steps either to prevent Sir William Milne performine his duties, or to inform the House that no ether man in the colony could per form them. If the latter were the case, then lei Sir William Milne perform the dnties and tm Hcuse indemnify him. The subject was certainly entitled to far more attenUoc than the Government hail given it 'hai be called attention to the Eagle- Chamber! afiair some time aco the Treasurer, whe « as leader of the Government then, pooh-poohec the whole affair, but shortly afterwards themem l^ers cf Parliament who were interested in thf lease cf the place would have nothing further to d- with it. If the law was tbat no meml-er of Parha liament should have an office of profit under tb( Government bv all means let it be respected (Hear, hear.) He would cive notice to ask tb Government what steps had been taken in tn- cstter. The motion was nepsiived. AMOVAL OF CITY COUNCILLORS. Mr. REES asked if the attention of the Com missiocer of Crown Lands luJ been called to th recent By-laws of the Corporation of Adelaid haung reference to tbe amoval of Councillors. Thi COMMISSIONER of CROWN LAND! (Hen. T. Playford) said his attention had not bee; PMUtularly called, ft ^e wWih 9°UQ-:ili9 Raphael had incidentally mentioned it to him. He pouIJ. however, receive the By-laws from the Crown Solicitor and would take care to look into ' Cm' PLANS IN TBE LAND OFFICE. Sir. REES asked whether the Government had vet given any decision upon the question of plans in the Land Office, in reference to which ^subject be bad introduced a deputation of surveyors to the Gcvttnment some ten months aeo. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LAND3 (Hon. T. PlayfordJ said he was under the impres sion tbat tbe Surveyor-General had sent a reply to the deputation, but if net he would, see that such was ctone. TMF LAST SOUTH AUSTRALIAN LOAN. .V r KE! -- asked if the balance of the last South Ati-M.ii;a:. . -?*- had been placed in the London tr^'ktl. 'Ihe TREASLx.. v. (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said he bud not received any information on the subject THE DUNEDIN LOAN. Mr. ROSS asked if the Treasurer waa aware by public report that the municipal loan for the Proviixe of Dunedin bad been taken up for more than the amount required to be subscribed for. The TREASURER iHon. J. P. Boucaut) said he bad seen something to that effect in the daily PaPCIS'THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT. Mr. P.RAY asked if the Treasurer proposed t3 send the Agent-General printed copies of the financial statement and appendices, and whether tbe explanatory appendix would be included. The TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said he did not know what he would do with tbe expla natory appendix. The financial statement and the appendices had been sent to the Agent-General by the lasc niaiL COOMOOEOO RAILWAY. Mr. BEES asked whether the Commissioner of Pubiic Works bad within the last two or three days conveyed his decision in reference to the Coomooroo Railway to the deputation who had waited upon him. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. G. C. Hanker) said the Government had conie to no decision, as the Surveyor-General was preparing a report as to the area of land that would be affected by the railway as proposed by the Go raent and the deviation by way of Ccomoaroo. He h?d promised to give Mr. Williams, the repre sentative of the deputation at Morchard, au answer when the Government arrived at a decision. THE COUNCIL OF EDUCATION. Mr. WARD aske.l without notice what action the Minister of Education proposed to take in refe rence to the ceiituie passed upon him by the Couccil of Education. The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. N. Biyth) asked the l.on. member to give notice of his questicu. Mr. WAKD said he would give notice for Wed nesday week. RAILWAY TO WILLUNGA. The Hon. J. CAKE asked if the Commissioner of Public Works bad taken steps to have a survey made of a branch line of railway to Wiliunga from the proposed line somewhere about ftlitcham or Corcmandel Valley. ? ? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. G. C. Hawker) said a survey had not yet been roade, as the gentleman whom the Govern ment wished to employ on this work was now engaped examining the country to see whether a better gradient for the Nairne Railway could not be obtained through the Government Farm. THE QUARANTINE STATION AND HULK Mr. KRICHAUFF asked whether the Govern- ment were going on with the works at the Quaran- tine Station on Torrens Island, and what was to be done with the hulk. The TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said the Government were proceeding with the necessary works on Torrens Island. They had not yet decided what should be done with the hulk Fitz- james. PORT AUGUSTA WATER SUPPLY. Mr. CUGLLN asked— 'Have the Government lowered the price of the water sold by them to the inhabitants of Port Augusta; and if not when is it their intention to do so J' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. G. C. Hanker) replied:— 'The Government have not lowered the price of water at Port Augusta, but as soon as the new reservoir which is now being constructed is completed it 13 proposed to reduce the price.' BAILS FOB THE PORT AUGUSTA RAILWAY. Mr. ROSS asked— 'Is it true, as reported, that a !„.„„ r.Tnnn*tiAn f\f (ka 14 itftfi tntiD nf rails Intalv arrived tor the rort Aegusta Kauway are oi sucn inferior quality aB to be unfit for use and would render the line dangerous if laid down !' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WOEKB (Hon. G. C. Hawker) replied:-' It is true that a large proportion! is unlit for use and would be dangerous if laid down. The Government have sent instiuctions by telegraph that any money unpaid is to be stopped, and that the Consulting Engineer and his Inspectors are not to be employed apain till further orders.' CONTRACTORS FOR THE BATTERIE3. Mr. CABR asked— '1. Whether the tender o: Victorian contractors for the construction of batte its for coast defences ha3 been accepted 1 2. What is the amount of the tender? 3. What is the aciouutof the nest lower tender by South Aus trTh' COMMISSIONER cf PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. G. C. Haw keDrep'icd:-' No tender has yet been accepted.' NEW INSTITUTE ON NORTH TERRACE. Mr. REFS called attention to the votes of the first, secor d, and third , instalments ofT £5,000 each for the erection of a new Institute on North-terrace, on3 aiked ?* whether th'b amounts have in each year been carried forward as unexpended balances, and whst cmcunt is now in the Treasurer's hands to the credit of the Institute building'?'' The MINISTER of EDUCATION O^on. N. BIytb) replied :— ' The amounts have been brought forward annually. The snm available for the new Institute building ib £13,167 Hb. 2d.' POLICE-TROOPER WILSON. Mr. REES atked— 'Why was Police-trooper Wilson removed from the Burraf * The TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut). said the hen. member would excuse him if he said he felt it his duty to respectfully protest against the question. (Hear, hear.) He was sure the hon. member would not have moved in the matter if he had not been asked by his constituents. If any wrorg bad been done by the Commissioner of Police of course the hon. member would have been quite right in putting any question to elucidate the matter, but he did not think it was desirable to seek infoimation upon a question purely of internal discipline. (Hear, hear.) If the control of the Commissioner of Police was not to be considered unimpeachable he could not be answerable for the safety ot the public The formal answer was:— 'Police-consUble Wilson is not a police-trooper, and he was removed because from his defective education he could not properly perform the duties of a constable in charge of a police-station. _ Mr. REES would like to say that he simply asked tbe question at the request of tbe Burrs Corporation, SCHOOL AT YATINA. . Mr. BEES asked—' When the school at Yatina The MINISTER OF EDUCATION (Hon. N. Elyth) replied:— 'Tbe plans are ready and the work will be advertised in this week's Gazette. PUBLIC SCHOOL AT ARTHURTON. Mr. FUBNER asked—' If it is the intention of the Government to erect a public school at Artburion!' Tfce MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. N. BIytb) replied:— 'I have called for further in foimatioD, upon receipt of which I shall be able to give the hon. member a definite answer to his question.' POET BEOUGHTON AND BARUNGA GAP RAILWAY. Mr. BUNDEY asked—' L The total cost of tbe railway from Port Broughton to Barunaa Gap ! 2. The average weekly earnings of such railway V The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. G. C. Hawker) replied :— ' 1. Total cost. JESO.OSS 3s. lOd. 2. The average weekly earnings of the above-mentioned line from openinz on 11th March. 1576, to 30th June, 1S7S, have been £1S 5s. 4d.' (Laughter.) PRINTING PETITION. Mr. TOWNSEND moved— ' 11 at Petition No. S7. presented en August 22 frcm tet idem of Unify, be pruned.' Cat lied. THE LEVEE, The TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) moved that the House at its risicg do adjourn until Thrrsday, August 23, at 2 o'clock. He did not wish to press the motion, but he understood that bon. members generally wbhed to adjocm in consequence of the Levee. Private members' business had been arranged with that view, and he was quite willing to meet the wiahes of the House. Mr. COGLXN supported the motion. He had no doubt all hon. members would take the oppor tunity of paying their respecu to His Excellency. The motion was carried. PROPOSED RAILWAY TO NAIRNE. Mr. DARLING moved— 'That a report be oHained from the Engineer - in ? Chief, showing — 1. Estimated ccst so far as Crafers (or a point near thereto) of the proposed railway to Naime. 2. Estimated cost of line as per Survey No. 6. in Douse Paper No. 65, to Crafers (or a point near thereto). 3- Respective working expenses per acnum on the above two lines.' Tbe notion was carried. ? LAN I* GRANTED TO THE UNIVERSITY AND THE EDUCATION AND FvB£SX Mr. SMITH moved— 'Hat a return be laid on the tame ot tb:s House describing all lands pranted to the University cf Adelaide, the£Educition and Forest Boards respectively, m . the follow ice form-— Hundred— Land, w'j are situated. Ares in acres. Date of srant Name of lessee. . Area Uastd. Eent received by Government pnor to transfer to University. Eer* received by Univer sity. Lease, commencement of. Lease, expiry ox. Lea*e, how obtained— Ly auctica, tender, oi The motion was carried. THE POWER OF GOVERNMENT LOCOMOTIVES. The Hon. L GLYDE moved— ''That a report be laid upon the table of this louse showing the weight of the gross load including engine and tender) and the net or paying oad which the most powerful engine now employed on tbe Government raiiwayB can trans )oit at the speed of twenty miles per hour— 1st. Jn a level ; 2nd. On a rising gradient of 1 in 70; Ird. On a rising gradient of 1 in 60; 4th. On a ising gradient of 1 in 5-); 5th. On a rising gradient :f 1 in 40: 6th. On a rising gradient of 1 in 33.' The motion was carried. IVAIS AND MEANS.-EXTRA TAXATION. On the question that the Speaker do now leave he chair. . Mr. SMITH asked what the Treasurer intended a do with the Norwood and . Kensington Boundaries Bill, which was on the Notice-paper for he next day. The Hon. L. GLYDE asked also whether tha government intended to look upon the notice of notion in reference to the action of the Council of Education as a distinct motion of disapproval in .he Minieter, and whether in the face of that vote 3f censure they propostd to go on with the business jr not. The TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said, inieply to the hon. member Mr. Smitb, that he kouIu take the Norwood and Kensington Boundaries Bill on Thursday. With regard to the bon. member Mr. Glyde's question, he said he did not intend to waste the time of the country by not cping on with, the business that diy or on 1'hurhJay. Mr. COGLIN hoped the Government would not be intimidated by tbe notice of motion tbat had been given. (Laughter.) Mr. BRAY was glad the Government intended to go on with Ihe business. As the notice of motion waa given fur a private day he did not see why the Govtrtmtut should not go on with the business. The motion was cankd. The House went into Committee of Ways and Means for the further consideration of the following resolutions moved by the Treasurer: — 'That this House is of opinion— 1. Tiiat under the present Bjstem of taxation absentees and the wealthier classes of the community do not contribute a fair shaie towards the national burdens. 2. Tbat it is desirable that tbe incidence of taxation should be lead justed un a more equitable basis. 3. That iu order tbat absentees and the wealihier classes should contribute a fair share to the national burdens, and as a first step towards readjusting the incidence of taxation on a more equitable basis and 'id order to provide for the probable deficiency in the revenue, it is desirable that means should be devised for raising revenue from other than the present souices. 4. That for earning out the fortgoinK resolutions there should be levied the following duties, viz. :— a Upon the owner of any freehold estate in possession of any land for and in retpect of every £0s. of tbe assessed annual value thereof, the sum of 6d. b For and in respect of tl.e annual profits or gains arising or accruing to any person from any kind of property whatever in £cuth Australia (jther than real property), or from any dividends or interest of money, or from any tcutce of income arisiDc elsewhere than South Australia, and received in South Australia during any jt ar. for every 20s. «f the annual value or amcutit thereof, the sum of Cd. c For and in respect of the annual profits or gain arising or accruing to any person from any annuities, allowances, or stipends, or from any piofesuon, trade, or avocation respectively derived or exer cised frcm or in South Australia, for every 20s. of the annual value or amount thereof, the sum of 3d; provided tbat in calculating the amount payal.le by any person under tbe foregoing sub divisions, or any of them, £200 shall be deducted fi cm ths amount in respect of which such person would, but for this proviso, be liable to Day duty, -t. Tliat on such duties being brought into operation the incidence of taxation as raised by means of Customs should be readjusted.' To which the Boo. L. Glyde had moved the following amend ment— 'That no scheme for raising increased taxation will be satisfactory unless the incidence of taxation as raised by means of Customs is re arju&ted; at the same time.' Mr. Ward had Amendment to Mr. Glides amendment— 'That additional taxation is unnecessary, but that certain Customs duties should be abolished and the revenue receded by a tax on property.' Mr. DARLING said he thought the question of taxation had been pretty well discussed, and be supposed that nothing he might say would ii flactce a single vote. Be thought the country, too. had pretty well made up their minds. He had made up his mind to vote against the whole three propositions of the Government, and als~- against tbe amendments of the hon. member for Victoria and the hon. member for Gumeracha. His reason for voting against the Government proposal was that he did not see that any necessity existed for the imposition of fresh taxation, and the longer the subject was discussed the more convinced was be that the conclusion he had arrived at was a right one. If he thought increased taxation was neaEs-aiy he would vole heart and soul for the first pait of the Government proposition, and he might possibly vote for tbe second proposition; but he should certainly oppose the third oue. If taxa ticn were necessary he should vote for a piopeity tax. If 6d. in the pound on property were not sufficient then he would increase it to IW- and if tbat were not enough he would be willing to make it a shilling, bat he cljected to an income tax in any shape or form. A pood deal had been said about the position of the colony and its prosperity during the past few years. He must, however, take exception to much thiit had been said on that point. He believec that during the past two years our prosperity hac been more apparent than real. It was a fact tbat the harvest of 1S77 and 167S together had been leas than some of the harvests reaped during the previous eight or ten years, judging from the appendices to the Budget speech. During 1877 tbere was only a slight harvest— something be tween five and six bushels. Fortune, however, had favoured us in giving us a kwge price for cur limited supply. The average price for wheat was from Cs. Qi. to 7s. per bushel. It bcRiin early in tfce season at from 5s. to 5s. Od. and went up to 8s. and Ss. Id., the bulk of the season's rroduce averaging 7s., and these high prices enabled the farming com mnn.y to stem over the depression to a very grea extent. The last season's fanning produce had been a little better, though far below an average crcp, and it had been favourable to the farmers, but not to South Australia at large. It had been favourable to the producer to a very great extent to the detriment of the exporter and the merchant. He considered that during this year the farming population had received between £S0,C0O and £100.000 more than the value of the article when it entered into consumption in those countries to which it was sent. This was owinc to the heavy fall in wheat in England. He believed that our local merchants, including cne or two in Sydney and Melbourne, vho had entered into wheat specu lation would lose to the tune of about £40,003 in th -» lEgsieh market. That had been a great gain to tfli prouueers, while it had been no loss to the hjEnglUb firms who bar Isent orders for cereal ia'1 Ir-st an aiuouiit something Bimuar to what the iocil merchants hau done. Another item which had aeatly benefited our farming community m tnose iepies^ed times was that the great bulk of their -ereals had been carried to England at a great loss to the carriers, the average cost haviDg been this rear lower than it ever was in the colony before, rwo or three first-class vessels had been chartered it as low as 25a. and otfcirs at rates raneing from JOs. to 40s., but several wool ships carried produce it the low rate of C0s.f »nd here again tbe loss to the owners of ships in England had proved to be rastly to our advantage, the producers instead of having to pay an average rate of 50s. to 5o&, as foimerly. having exported at an average rate of 32s 6d- He thought if we had been ame to maintain Dur ground during the two last disastrous seasons, ind had gone back the very little amount repre sented ty the Treasurer— £170, 000 from our cereal producing point of view we had done wonders, and he believed that if we had better seasons pur Customs were so elastic that we might ta:riy expect our taxation to be lessened rather than in cieased. Then looking at our mining industry, he thought the man would be foolhardy indeed who would say that during tbe last two years that irdustry had been in a prosperous state. Between three and four years ago the shares of the Moonta Mine were quoted at £21 Da;' ; Hst week be saw, s; !ts reported -? r.V 15a. ami £9 17*. 6.i. ; ani from Arrendix |R to the Treasurer's statement he noticed that whereas in 1S6S we exported 2a.93o tons rf copper, during last year tbe export fed to 23 659 tons. Then, a^ain, the price that or r copper hadlrealized in the English market was verv different last year to v;hat it was ten years ago. and therefore a?sm he said that if we had nearly met cur demands wi;h the mining industry in a worse position than it had been for the last ten years he tbousht it was another proof tha: there was little need for the imposition cf fresh taxation. (Mr. F.oss— ' Hear, hear.') He must confess tha; turning to the fame appendix cur third industry showed a vast difference to the other two. The export of wool in 1S6S was 2S.S39.190 lbs and during IN - it had risen to the vast amount cr 17.130.S2S lbs., and by-and-by be meant to show that if any change in the incidence of tnsation was necessary that instead of seekicK to chanae it from one class oi tfce community to ai otner, and permitting those who were the most wealthy among us to rcce;ve greater benefts at the hands of the Government and South Australia penerally. that class saouia not be passed over, but should be ma.le to pay a greater shaieof the taxes which mi-Th: be neces sary for the development of tha country which would increase the value of their prviu?e ™r than iba: cf any c.hfr das?. Another item which bad not been ' touched npoa which had given us an impetus, but which was more appa rent than real, had been the Urge speculation in land m Adelaide and the suburbs. These large Fpecdations, though seemingly they bad made the place busy, and in reality had mads the cuMlrg trade brisk, he did not think had tended nuch to the progress of the country, because the bulk of the land lay vacant now; and he teld that ii a vacant acre in the city cost 12s. 40 years ago, and after remaining vacant all the time was eo'.c for £5,000 at the end of tbat period, and in a rrooLh or two for £6.500, that the in diYiduala y?h.o tad, speculated la, the 1^4 luw argely benefited by the transaction, but the :ountry had not. The vacant acre was a vacant me still, whereas if a manufactory had been built in the acre which had largely employed labour, the rait of which benefited the colony ; or if a mine lad been discovered on the land, or if the produce -f the soil had been taken from it during the 40 rears it had lain waste, tbe country would have -enefited by it. He noticed nearly every day that :ertaiiyulotments of land were to be sold on account -f and at the risk of a previous purchaser, and he .bought by-and-by they would find when the bills jecame due many allotments would be sold oa iccount of previous purchasers, and the reaction lownwards would be more injurious than the re iction upwards had been beneficial to the colony it large. (Hear, hear.) To show the extent to Fhich speculation had been carried he might mention that during the last four years about rO.OOe allotments had been laid out in Adelaide uid the suburbs. He remembered asking one of )ur old colonic te not long ago what he did in the saxly days when nearly all the prodnce came from Tasmania, and he said, ' We lived by the sale of iand.' But they knew that by-and-by the collapse :aine, and that they were brought almost to the rerge of insolvency ; and so ttis unwise speculation in land which was being bought and sola over aud over sgain produced no actual benefit to the :ountry, though it might cud in a profit or loss to the individual speculator, and therefore he said that the last two or three years had been very dull times indeed, and that our prosperity ha i bten apparent instead of real, and yet if we bad met our demands during these years we might airly hope to do so when better times came, which be thought had now begun to dawn upon us. He therefore failed to see the necessity for this sweeping change to meet a real or sup posed dfficiency. He could undeisiaud the action of the Treasurer if he meant to change the incidence of taxation for the sake of change and change only, because from his own statement he expected to realize from bis proposed taxes £140.WO, taking £IO.0CO oS for the expense of colUctioL; ana, if he received this amount as soon aB possible, he would be able to rebate to the colo nists at large— because it was not a working man s question— something like £60,000 or £70.000 of Customs duties, and if we had a good season pos Bibly moie. Kow tbe deduction from the £140,003 would be £SO.OtO; and if we bad a good season, we nsigbt expect the Treasurer to take off another £2i-,lC0. and so we were going to change the existinc state of things for a paltry £4),0UO. He tbcucht upon the whole qaestiou of taxation there bad been much isore cry than wool; and his belief was that if we required £40,000 it could be raised in a n.uch more easy way, which would save all or neatly all the £10.' 00 that would be lost in the salariesof newoffictrs who would be created by these in many respects harassing taxes. He had heard much more about the incidence of taxation in the House than in the country. He heatd very little about it at the elections except when it was intro duced by the candidates themselves, and there had been no public nieetbca except the small one tn Ar-elair!e yeEterday, wLich was more asamst the imposition of these taxes than in favour of them. He laid down as one of the fundamental piincirles that they should tax property tirat and speedi y, but he denied that there was so much difference between one class of tbe community and another paying through the Custome. A good deal had- bten said about this being a heavy tax upon the working men. He pranted that they had to pay tbe larger amount through the Customs because they were the greatest number, but the labourir cman whoreceivedf rom 35s. to £2 per week, and the mechanic who leceived from 50s. to £3 per week, the creat majority of the working men so called would come under the proviso proposed by tlie Treasurer in regard to incomes of less than £200 a year. A man if he was honest could not spend more than he earned, and the labouring man he had just mentioned diet not pay more through the Customs than a fair ratio of his weekly wages. Mr. HAINES called attention to the state of the House. A (juorum having been made up, Mr. DAltLING said he wished they could intro duce Hock's Act into tbe room down below, (A laugh.) He listened very carefully to hon. members who took up a great deal of time, and be thought it very unfair and uncourteous of them when a member who seldom troubled the House got up to speak on an important debate like that that such a small number should remain in the House. Be was trying to show th-t it was impossible of necessity that the labourer with £75 or £103 a year, and ibe mechanic with £120 or £150 a year, could pay as much through the Customs as the other classes who had to support as large families and had £5, £6. or £10 p«-r week. The man who had £1.010 a year and speut it must necessarily pay ten times the amount through the Customs that the man with £100 a year did, and kence all this talk about the incidence of taxation was more talk than reality. He could sgree, if any chDnge was necessary, that the change in the Customs should be effected ao that it would benefit those who had smaller means— (Hear, hear)— but he failed to follow in its entirety the argument of Mr. Parsons. He held tbat much of the change in our Customs duties would not benefit the consumers. In many of the articles of daily consumption to «hich the hon. member refer.ed the importer or tbe wholesale dealer might receive a benefit from a rebate of the duty, but when it was retailed the consumer wonld not be lienefiteiL Take salt, for instance. It was generally relailed at a penny per pound. If 5 per cent were taken off that how much less would it be sold to the consumer? If the fixed duties of 2d. on tea, 3d. on coffee, and 2d. on dried fruits were taken off consumers might receive the bent fit, but on low-price goods they would not. Another point of view which had not been touched upon, and he knew he was treading on dangerous ground, was this. Was there any intention in our expected alteration of the tariff to meddle with our infant industries which we had planted and to a limited extent fostered in the colony during the last seven or eight years? The opening up of the lands bad largely benefited the country; the slight encouragement which had been given to native industry had largely benefited the towns. He pleaded guilty, if there was any guilt m it to holding the same views as when he was first returned to the House seven or eight years ago. The Register then spoke of him as a limited pro teC'inist. lie was a freetrader at heart; but he conld not carry out his free-tr&de; principles because he believed it would be an injury to South Aus tralia, and he did not think any member woult have the courage to plead that free trade would benefit the colony. We had tried free trade in the Northern Territory, and what had it done for it? He supposed there was less white population there that day than three or four years ago. He helc his limited protectionist views that day then, and thought they should not meddle with the tarili in connection with those industries which had done so much to benefit the city and the larger towns. He remembered wel1 the agitation that existec both in the city and throughout the length aud breadth of the land a few years at;o after the colony hnri rareed through a succession oi bad seasons. There were placards stuck up in almost an me triv rs-hips saying— 'What shall we do with our I cvs?' A different staie of things existed now, ? nil be could not help thinking that that change 1 ad besn brought about by a modihud form of protection. We ought not to forcet that we had a -oweiful neighbour whose action and conduct were veiy different from our own. He did uot believe that the time for federation harl yet come, nor ha he much faith in a Customs Union. He believed Victoria was in a far more prosperous condition than the people of South Australia were inclined tolelieve, Durics?the r^et half-year tne popula tion of Victoria had increased to the extent ot S.CCO by the difference Ut*een th? nura^r or immigrants and emigrants, and without taking into account at all tLe increase by the excess of rirths over deaths. Now it would cost this colony something like £lt 0,000 to .introduce auch a number as that. He believed tnat In mtrty things the protective principles of Victoria were injurious to the people at larze. (Hear, h»ar.) Victoria bad cf late years materially altered her posi tion from the time when Ehe used to import about 2C.0C0 tons cf breadstufls from South Australia. Partly as the result of cpcniER up the country by railways ana paitlv in conseq-cr.ee of a protective tariti on breadstufls (to which be objected as beicg wrong in principle) Victoria had not only stop-ed im pcrting breadstuffs into her own colony, but had btccraean exporter herself, and wag now supplying our cwn customers, Isew Sonth Wales and Queens land, with 7,000 tons annually. A!! this ha-l been brouphtabout by the actioivf the Victorian Govern m-'Lt. whether t!.e iiuesian were regarded from the protectionist po:r.! cf ?cjew or not. He feared that if we wt nt too far in theirrectionof an abolition of the Cus-toms they m:ght icjure the very people they were (Usirous of benefit ing. Working people -iui not attach so much importance to a trifling inequality in the incidence of taxation as they diu to whether they did or did not receive constant employment. (Hear, hear.) If anj thing were doae the tendency of which was to throw them out of employment they wcu!d. and ousht, to clamour for a change, but when there was pleniy of work for them to do he btlieved the labouring classes were the most con tented and the rr.ost loyal subjects m the land. (Hear, hear.) If it were necessary to increase tne revenue by taxation i.e believed that any required amount could be more easily raised in another way than that proposed by the Treasurer. He gave tne Treasurer credit for pluck, but he sincerely wished ihe hon. gentleman had courage as well as pluck, though some might consider the terms synony rrcus. He wished the Treasurer had the courage cf his predecessor, and would look in another direction for an increase to Ms revenue. (Heir, hear.) The late Government had proposed to rai^e the railway tariff from 2jd. to 3d. per ton per n):le, and he was &:iad to think that when a vote wjs taken on thia point he had been one of those who had supported the policy of the then Govern rcent. (Hear, hear.) Instead of Sd. to 1'Jd. per ton per mile, which had to be paid for cartage before the railways were made, those who used the lines would only have to pay 3d., leaving a clear profit to them of from 5d- to 7d. per toa per mile. He thouRht it only fair, therefore, that those who obtaired so large a benefit from the railways should make a lair return to the community for the outlay incurred in their construc tion. He had not gone very closely into the figures, but he believed that a rise in the railway tariff from 2td. to 3d. per ton per mile would secure an amount which would be quite equal to tbe £40.000 which the Treasurer expected to get into {he Treasury & tfis u«; nvti\ ol tu? policy. (Hear, hear.) There was another point irith regard to the Ciown land*. He held that the essees of the Crown were at the present time nrt paying adequately for the benefits wh:;a they received from the Government of South Australia. Hear, hear.) He sincerely sympathized with Mr. Bucdey in regard to the views and opinions of ihat hon. gentleman on the subject of our land system.. If South Australia had been founded on the principle of perpetual leases he believed they would not this day be discussing the subject of increased taxation, (blear, hear.) If th? land were fairly apportioned every taxpayer in the :olcny would have a right to a certain portion of it. If a man could not use the land himself be might delegate the use of it to others, but at the same time those who used land belonjring to mother person should pay the owner either directly n indirectly an equivalent for the privilege. He did not bear any grudge to the cquatter, and did not wish :o place class against class. At the same time, if me section of the community received a vast benefit from the country compared with that en ioyed by others, that was the class that ought Fairly to pay a large share of taxation. His im session was that a complete change in the system -f leasing Urowu lands was desirable. Instead of rivinc the squatter or woolgrower tbe rixtu ot privilege of getting a renewed lease at the old rate it would be better to put the land up to auction as would be done with other Government property, Kith the distinct understanding that the successful lidder for tbe lease should compensate the la:e lessee down to the last penny for all improvements made upon the property, hew land should be put up for fair public competition; and if not taken up at a good price, it could lie till such time as the public really wanted it. At the present time, too. much of the land went into the hauls of private speculators who hid never seen tbe land and had not the faintest intention of ever placing a sheep or cow upon it. (Hear, hear.) He felt assured that if the Government had the courage and the pluck to place the Cro #n leases upon tbe market the £40,UU0 required could be easily collected by tbe machinery at present in existence, and without any necessity for the creation of new offices or new officers to work them, lie was convinced on comparing tbe figures relating to the sheep and cattle produced in this colony as compared with the uumbcr raised ia Victoria. Queensland, and New South Wales, that South Australia was not raising a fair amount of stock in proportion to her extent of territory. The following were the figures tor the year JS«Tt5:— New South Wales-Sheep, 24.500.000; cattle. 3.130.000. Victoria — Sbeep, 11,278,000; cattle, 1.12S.G00 Queensland— Sheep, 7,315,000; cattle, 2.WIU00. l\ew Ztaland-Sheep. 11.674.000; cattle, J91.000. South Australia— Sheep, 6,133,000; cattle, 219,(00. With regard to public works, be thought we were going ahead too fast. Last year there had been introduced a number of Bills on what wasknow.i as the 'political railway list.' He trusted theie would be no political railways introduced this session. (Hear, hear, lie hoped that both hi3 constituents and thi: Hcuse would after the expression and ex planation ot his views which, he had given hold him ju tified in voting against each of ihe three proposals of ths Government, and also again* t tha amendments of the hon. members f or Victoria and Gumeracha respectively. Mr. BOSS would offer an uncompromising and unhesitating oppo6itiou to the proposals of tha Government, and should support the amendment of the tica. Mi. Glyde. If that amendment were lest he should support that of Mr. Ward. He should consider it his duty to do anything to thwart tbe Government, whose policy he believed to be utttily vicious. He desired to take exception to some reniHtks which recently fell from the lips of 11 r. Bunder, who desired to make out th t the diffe'tnee between him (Mr. Kosb) and the hon. the Treasurer was a personal one. He h -d uot reeii moved by any person il feelings throughout tbe debate. He differed from the Treasu.er on the distinct a d broad issue of public policy. What was this issue? The Treasurer had himself is 1 L- Budget speech deliberately adopted the definition he had given him twelve months ago. At the 13th page of the printed speech these words wui'.d be found:— 'This brings me to the ui03t difficult pan of what 1 have to s?y— that is, the contrast between my policy aud tbat of my pre decessor. That contrast cannot be better stated than in the words of the hon. member for Wallaroo, who in his Budget speech said:— 'The statement of the two policies displays a great, broad, aud marked diffeience between '.be financial policy enunciated by our predecessors and that which we have adopted and acted upon during the past twelve months. The policy of our pre decessors in encct, if not in words, was:— We admit the urgent necessity of a huge system of public works in} order to develop the latent lesuurces of the count0, but we do not see our way towards carr- ing out such a policy, except we are aimed with increased taxation to enable us to meet the enlarged liabilities of the country and to main tain our crtdit in the London money market/ Our policy, both in effect and words, as stated by me in my Budgt t speech last July, was : —'The Government nave considerei the matter fully, and we are satisfied that under a judicious Public works policy, combined with immigration, the colony wiil become yearly so enriched that the sources of revenue will be found sufficiently elastic to meet all current liabilities for tbe purposes of geceral government, to annually redeem a moderate proportion of the bonded debt, and to cover the yearly interest on all liabilities connected with the kn-i«d debt without recourse to any extraordinary schemes for fresh taxation.' I cannot myself think of two policies more diametrically opposed than the policv of the present Government aud that of our prtdecesBOrs.'1 Was that a question that could with aty degree of accuracy be referred to as a matter of personal difference? If the hon. ineuibzr for Onkapaiinga meant that he had used harsher language in tbe Budget speech than was necessary he ought in justice to his discrimination to have Baid m-. He could not debate an important question of this sort without the use of such language as his feelincs itictated, and he trusted that hon. members would not attach too much importance to the appa rent severity of his words, but would regard it ia the light of evidence of the sincerity of his feeling upon a matter of great public importance. (Hear, hear.) He bad listened to the speech of the hon. member fcrOckaparinga with the grea'est interest. It was a speech which, though coming from an indspen dr nt member on the cross benches, wasan outand out defence of the Ministerial policy. It 'ont- Herotled Herod' in terming the amendments movrd ' no-confidence motions.' If Mr. Eounse veil bad made such a statement it could have been understood as coming from a gentleman who viewed the Government with some partiality, and h-pc moved by admiration for the profundity of tbe noii. Treasurer— (Hear and laughteri-bnt coming ?B it did from a distinguished member oi the Bar, who might be considered to be a gooi authority on KvinH me aoctnne mu aur w-liuu tu a kuui nittee of Supply or Ways, asd MeanB could be mtamount to a no-confideace taotica. The matter rns so important that h# trusts-! the Treasurer fouli* cor. firm his view, in support of which he rould quote from ' Dodd's Parliamentary Prac ire,' where at page 519 it was laid down that 'Budgets rejected or amended by the House do ict necessitate a change of the Ministry.' There ras a quotation in Dodd from the speech of Lord fohn Kubsell confirming this view, and to tbe same fleet Mr. T. Baring, the Undcr-Secretary for iVar in Lord Palmerston's Administration, said in ,C(J1 after the rejection by the Houso of Lords of be Bill for the Kepeal of the Paper Duties— which oirced part of the financial measures of Govern ncnt for thai year— said, ' 1 am happy ss live at a itm when experience has shown tbat a Budget n'..j' be modified or rejected without anv change in be position of the Ministry. I r.m ztei tint we ?.ave seen Budgets withdrawn and. fresh ones intro hef d. We have seen taxes remitted, or taxes the ?en is-sion of which when proposed has been refused, litr'OUt any effect upon the Cabinet. In fact a ?hat ge of the Budget does not involve a change of he Minktry; aad I rejoice that it is so, because [ think that it would be most unpardonable obsti iacy on tlie part of public men to adhere to the eni.s of a Budget which was opposed to the wishes ind feeling of Parliament It would be unfortunate tor the free exercise of the judgment of this House f the rejection of any portion of a Budget were to oe cocstruedjnto a vote of.want of confidence, rhe action of the present Committee had been iTim'ped by rumours circulated tait the rejection sf the resolutions might lead to the resignation of Ministers. The prop«r way to regwd the !jne t-on was- Was it or was it not for the benefit -f the country that these resolutions should be pss'to? (Hear, hear) The fate of the present or of any Micirtry was of minor importance. ?e™ost scree with the Hon. Mr. Gljde in the opinion that the Treasurer ought to have replied to some of tbe Btrictu.es which had been passed upon his ficapaal Btstcrrent. If the criticisms made hid been within the on-inary character of a debate the Treasurer s Eilecce would have been intelligible; but iu many esses the strictures actually amounted to grave charges of inaccuracy in the figures, by which he made it appear that there would be a de ficiency of £172000, which it was pro postd to meet by a property and income tax. Now, it hid been clearly shown that there was noneed whatever for increased taxation, and the strongest possible arguments had been adduced in support of that contention. Tbe majority of members who had spoken both in Committee of Supply and in the Committee of Ways and Means had distinctly Eta'ed their convictions that extra taxation was not required, except for the purpose of readjusting the incidence of taxation. (Hear, hear.) They had certainly had the weight of argument entirely on ?heir si-Je, and yet could it be balieved tbat up to tha* r^cmect the Hon. the Treasurer had not deisred to offer a sicsle explanation or any &utn.pt; to refute any one of those arguments, lie remained sullenly on the Treasury benchss aUberics to his BuOget speech anJ trusting to carry l.is resolutions by the mere force of votes. .Such conduct w;i3 absolutely unparalleled. Jt w.is playing with the interests of this country in a way that the Hon. Treasurer ought not to do. It wa^ clearly the duty — surely the dutv of tte House and tbe country to be 'satisfied that there were jast reasons far imposing incieasefl taxation. (The Hon. J. Oarr— 'Hear hear') The objections that had been raised were valid or otherwise. Surely the House had a right to be satisfied that the statements of the revenue and expenditure brought down by the Treaiurer were correct, and yet althoaghjtney bjvl be-n objected to on most important points the Treiumier sa( ia {b« 8»lkU way RU4 stih.er.sd. ;j btui. (Mr. IH'iin— 'What is he to dor-* Laughter.) Tbe objection of hon. mem ben, to hit niii'l. had immente force in thit respect— that th-- lemsity for increased taxation coold not, from a klu uiutial point of view, be based on a btoid ;-iiiiCii)le of policy such as the readjustment of the utidence of taxation, for if so the Hon. the Treasurer would have at the last general election ;i-n-g)it it under the notice of the several cov 'tiicencies. But he did nothing of the sort. Ho nade a distinct e;a:cment to the effect tbat ncrea^ed taxation was not necessary, bfcnnae he revenues of the colony were in a mo»t lourishinc state. He went on to say that lie lid not favour a po'i.-v of readjustment of the ncidence of taxation, because the Government tere at that time were in negotiations with the astern colonies with a view to bringing about a Justoms Union. InamHter o( such importance it the imposition of taxation hon membeits owed a K-unden duty to their constituent* to sift the Treasurer's statement* down to the finest ground*, o as to satisfy themselves that a case of emergeutr lad arisen which would warrant the Treasurer in lepartiug from the policy be placed before the ouctry in tbe first session of the Parliament. All institutional precedents showed that the question if taxation was one that ought clearly to w cora nittcd to the constituents to decide on, in order l-at tbty might have an opportunity of saying rhether they preferred it in ttie form of an income ax or a property tax. or iu any otter form, ilo rould a*sen that the first measure which a Govern ment introduced in a test iou ought not to be a Bill )f taxation except it had been brought under the lotice of the constituencies and discussed from heir point of view. But the Hon. Treasurer came lown that day with a fill). He made it a matter cf :merj;eucv, and called on the House to ytua it irhen within only a few days of making his Budget ipeech l:e found that the estimated revenue was not fiufGcieut to cover the estimated expenditure. He would ask hon. number* whether they did lot understand that increased taxation was lecessary in order to cover a deficiency in Ihe -evenue. The bon. member for Flinders (Mr. 3ooke). who had certainly tivcn immense labour M the investigation of the matter, and who could lot be viewed as iu any way unfavourable to the MiDihtry. had said and had adduced the strongest irgument in favour oi hi* contention that there was no deficiency in the revenue, and that there was no need whatever to impo&e; extra taxation for that purpose. He thought that from mere respect if nothing else an answer to these arguments should nave been given by the Treasurer or some olh-r member of the Government. Tbe Treasurer required this increased taxation to meet our esti mated (kficiency of £172 000, and as the hon. member who had just tat down had pointed out he estimated thai be woull receive £140.000 from the income aud property tax ffhich he piopoaed introduc ng. That sum represented tne gro-s amount of the taxes, and deductions that would have to be made for the expeuies of collection aul for other things would reduce it very considerably. Itwiuld then be found that it would rcauire. as tbe Treasurer said iu his Budget speech, at le.ut tvo years before he would be able to adjust the incidence r-t taxation. He wished to point out that if the Treasurer was correct in his arguments increased taxation wou'd not enable him to read just the incidence of taxation; if hi* Et&tement;, and conEequently hia calculations, were inaccurate, he would be able to do ao. If the state ment he made in his Buduet speech was correct the proceeds from these two taxes would not puce him in a better position to adjust the iucideuceof taxation than he was in that day. If lion, members would look at the speech of the Trea surer and compare it with the carefully pr pared speech of his made in 18.'tj they would see his idea in connection with increased taxation. Iu the Budtet speech his idea for increased taxation was exactly the same as it was in lS7ti. and thit vm that he requited increased taxation to enable him to pay interest upon the moneys borrowed to pioseeu'e public wotks. On tbe 16lh August. 1S76. he said:-' They ought not to be inveigled into borrowing two or three millions of money without being willing to he taxed to meet tbe liability created. If they would not be taxed now iu favourable seasons they would not readily agree to be taxe i when ha.l harvests and seasons generally came. The manly, noble, and t-tiaielitforward course was to agree tj taxation when they were borrowing money. Thav could then go into the English money niunet ami ray they wanted two or three millions, nud sho* ;hat ihey were prepared to pay the necessa y ?nttreet.' That was clear enough that the increased taxation wa* wanted for the purpoBO be had mentioned, but further on he put it more di - tinctly. He said— 'Taxation was absolutely necessary to enable tbe Government to meet the expenditure that had been projected by the lats Government'— that was by his Government. Ha Mkf d hon. member!) not to allow the Treasurer ti mislead them in this matter. H ia idea of increnord taxation was to raise funds to nay the interest - u the money* that he twrowea. He was always keeping in miud tbe fact that a million of money cost £40,(00 per annum in interest. Three millions was the amount lie proposed to borrow, aud tha amount of taxation he proposed raising in 1876 was £140,01.0, and the amount that day was the BBme. He did not propose in his Bu'lget speech extra taxation with a view of adjusting the incidence of taxation. No other Hate mcr.t was made but that he wanted it to rairo funds to pay the interest on moneys borrowed. Since then he had chanced his views completely. He had jump'fd around as quickly as any acrobat iu a circus could do. The mere fact that he ha 1 thuB changed his views Rave immenw strength t ??» the arguments of hon. members that increased taxation was not necessary, that the Budget statement was incorrect, and that the financial portion of the country placed before them was not only incorrect, but most injurioui to the public credit of the colony. Tbe Treasurer's mind seemed really unable to comprehend how the judicious prosecution ot public works combined with a Heady flow of immigration could so enrich the country as to render the growth in the ordinary sources of revenue sufficient to meet our current liabilities without recourse to extra taxation. If the Treasurer had lived in Europe, and had only lately come out to Australia, and was altogether iuuotant of Australian enterprise and successes, he could make some allowance for his weakness. But surely he must know that splendid fortunes had been built tip not only in this but in tbe other colonies by the use of borrowed moneys. If indi viduals could borrow money to such immense advsntsge, surely a country like this, with iti immense landed territory, could borrow many mil lions of poundB and so invest it by a policy o? tii:}il:p n-nrlra nnrt imminrrntinn ?? to make each squired to pay the interest on it without haras ing enterprise and labour or imposing fresh urdens in the form of taxation. It seemed to lim a monstrous thing that because we had bor owed two or three millions of money we were to i&ve; fresh taxation in order that we mlg.it « enabled to pay the interest on it. If xtra taxation were necessary in the initiation of mblic woiks when we were only just beginning to *-rrow money, he would nsk, as we contmaM mblic works were we to continue keeping on Bills -f taxation in order to provide the Interest to pay he interest on them! If «o, these Bdla of tax ition winded the death-knell of our public works policy. 3y careful administration we could borrow moii'v. md combining immigration with it we ciuli in ?k ; he ordinary sources ot revenue equal to tn^ ndinary expenditure. We could continue borrow ? ng and borrowing, and by so doing we woa d :nharjce our credit. Our English creditors woul | lee that the mones s they lentus were well iiV^/.^. iud the Government were placed In the pctMm.t o reduce taxation. On the other bauJ, o:i th ClCRSUrcr'n theory, Hire vent Into the mark-i wit'i neitaseu uxa'ioti we would be taking «t th-» oot of our credit, because that would he a clc : nrfiwtion to the perrons lending us money thi' heir ioTef-tments were bad ones. (Sir. Hare— 'No, no.') He had carefully considered th subject for years past, and the Treasurer knew th . 'rom the day he brought down bis broad and cum weheneive policy of public works he had optn;.-: is bitterly and strongly as it was in hia power t-. to his theory that increased Uxiliau shout 1 iccorapany that policy. (Hear, hear.) He troui I mention further that the idea wa« fir*t suggctted to his mind on reading some years agn an exceedingly able article written by Mr. Hydfl Llarke. Secretary to the Foreign Bondholders' Association, in which he pointed cut to the colonies that there wa» great advantaie in inclining indebtedness. He stated that by ioirz so we enriched ourselves. He argued from tbe game standpoint that he (Mr. Koss) took up in this matter, namely, that tbe borrowing of money and investing it so long as we kept up a Rjotem of immigration dia not pel force of lUelf impose any nece»itv for burdens on cnteipri'e. One of the Treasurer's arguments, which wsi endorsed by the Press of the country, was tint tha expenditure was growing year by yt ar. Of coum - it was, and why 1 Because tbe * venue was growing year by year, and in propoi.ion the Treanur. r was enlarging his expenditure. He would like U- call the attention of hon. members to the wsy in which our revenue was growing. In 1X75, wl- -i the Treasurer introduced his Stamps Bill, he *aid be would ram it down the throats ot member* nf the Legislative Council. (Mr. Boucaut— '1 never said it') It had been attributed to him (Mr. Boucaut— 'And I have always denied It.') lie would accept the assurance. When the H n. Treasury got op agitations in this country — i »! . Boucaut— 'Certainly not.') Well, when the Trr - surer made inflammable speeches — (Mr. Biucai t — ' No.' and laughter.) He would put it in anothi r way then. When the Treasurer went down to Goolwa and made a great oration and pointed ort that the Stamps Bill was the keystone of his great public works policy in that year, what was our revenue? In round numbers on the 3Jtb of June, 3*75, it was £l,055,83'J. The revenue on the 30:h June last, as stated by the Treasurer, was £1.501,405. Bhowing a growth in those three years of £445,4(19. If the Treasurer ha-1 passed hia Stamps Bill, which he e*}*0™1* would return £OH,000 a year, he would have only received £1SU.OOO from that source riumist the same period. As the hon. member for 1 ?» au had said— and he must be looked upon as an a^'» rity on matters of this sort-these three years n»a Veen most disastrous ones to each of the time Etap'e iriduttrk-R of the country— wheat, fopp»r. sr.i ?he psstcral interest. Let them «**«£« Treasurer - ealimate of the revenue on the .win Juae peit, and add it ft f» 5WU«w» showing the growth from 1875 to that time. The estimated revenue on the 30th June next was £1,672, 511, showing therefore a growth in the revenue for the four years of .£616,905. But the estimated revenue of the Treasurer was understated. He believed it wa3 under-estimated by at leaat £150,0u0, and by in cluding that the grow th (or the four years would be jEreftflOo. They must remember that during that period the copper industry, had been absolutely paralysed. Had it not been for the public works policy he would ask the Treasurer what would have been the condition of trade to-day, fie believed that they would have had a complete commercial failing; and that probably we would have had one or two Banks tumbling about our ears. In con sequence of this public works policy none but those persona who absolutely invested their money in mining-were aware of its crippled state. He could adduce no stronger argument than this to show the immense benefit of a system of public wotks com bined with immigration if judiciously carried out. If we attempted to rush the thing and try to ontdo Sir. Vogel in New Zealand we would bring- disaster on the country. Instead of gaining a benefit we would be raising an immense curse. He did not think the people of South Australia were at all desirous that public works should be stopped. We wanted the annual expenditure to be kept up so as to prevent anything like stagnation in the labour market— to keep wages at a tension; but we did not wish to subordinate all private enterprise to Go vernment public works. If the Treasurer's policy were carried out they might rest assured that piivate enterprise would be subordinated to the Government riublic works system. That was not what he desired. He could imagine that the preat majqiity of the people of this colony did not desire it, and therefore, as he said that the Treasurer was working up a stepping- stone of an extravagant and profligate system of public work3 by asking for Bills of taxation he would give theai his moat uncompromising and unhesitating opposi tion. Curing the last general election he had met perhaps a larger body of electors than any other member of that Chamber, and he distinctly told them that he should oppose increased taxation j»nd also a readjustment of the incidence of ra..^.^.i this session, because the two things might coineoa together, and the credit of the country be thereby damaged. These views were endorsed at all the public meetings be attended. (Mr. Hare— 'Mo, no.') He was not aware that bis colleague took an opposite view. (Mr. Hare—' I did.') As far as be could gather at the public meetings his views were endorsed. The TREASURER (Hon J. P. Boucant) thought that hon. members would admit that his fault was in another direction to sullennesa. They would be disposed to give him credit for a desire to extend consideration to them, but he could not answer every speaker who had addressed the Chairman without becoming as ;rreat a bore to the House as somebody else he knew. He did not think it wa3 proper for him to do so. It was eutof no disrespect to tne House that he said this, but he would point ont that the question was only a motion for leave to introduce a BUL They would have all the dis cussion over again on the second reading of the Bill, all over again in Committee, and probably on the third reading. He had been told that he ought to have answered the hon. member for Wallaroo. His grievance was that he had not answered him. He did not wish to bore the House with figures, but he Bhould not wish a better answer to the hoD. member for Wallaroo than the remarks of the hon. member for Victoria (Mr. Ulyde). He agreed with him aa far as his figures were concerned, but he differed with him in his conclusions, lie would quote the speech of the bon. member as his answer if he wanted to put forth one. He did not see why he should bore them any further with the question of unexpended balances and that sort of nonsense. He was sick of it, and he was sure they were all sick of it. If hon. members wished to understand if he would place his time at their disposal at the Treasury, and would go through and explain die figures to them. He would undertake to say that in five or ten minutes he would satisfy them that the figures were right, but of course the deductions were fair questions for argument. He would put the hon. member for W allaroo in the eame position. If he called at the Treasury he would try to explain the figures to him. (Laughter.) Mr. SMITH desired to make an explanation. In a former Bpeech of his he bad referred to the expensive character of the Civil Service and of our deTemive policy. He also said he thought there were many unnecessary works on the Estimates, and that he would willingly join with other hon. members in cutting down the expenditure. He said he believed that in this war £50,000 or £60,000 could be saved. He would not have cared to hare mentioned this now, but that on that morning he had noticed in the ' Crabthora Club Papers' in the egkter a little fun had been made at his expense. He did not object to fun being made of him. presuming that the writer was prompted by a sense of fair ness. But it was said that he believed £50.000 or iXO.OGO a year could be saved out of the Civil Seivice. He had not said so, but had pointed out that generally on what he had been referring to the Government might Bave £50,000 or £69,000. It might appear that he was desirous of injuring the Civil Service, and he was store he had no such feeling. (Hear, near.) The CHAIRMAN called the hon. member to order, as be must not refer to a publication outside the House. Mr. SMITH thought that the Government were making new appointments in the Civil Service that onsht to be avoided as far as possible. Mr. LANDSEKR said the debate had been most ably carried on. Looking into the figures he thought there was a considerable amount of truth on the side of the Treasurer— (Hear, hear)- but after listening to the able speeches of Mr. Bos3, Mr. Cooke, and other hon. members he thought that the Treasurer had taken too gloomy a view of the figures as they stood, and not oue conducive to the interests of the colony. He thought hon. members would be agreed upon two points— that it was the business of the State to push on repro ductive works, and that these works when carried out eboukl be so managed as to be made to pay. (Hear, hear.) We had not done that. He had endeavoured from the time he came into the House to induce the Parliament to fix the rates to be charged on the railways, and not leave it to the Commissioner of Public Works, who was open to be waited on by deputation after deputation for the reduction of fares and rates; and be thought the worst thing that ever happened to the colony was when the rates on the railways were reduced 5J per ant. If they carried on aa at present there would be nothing for it but fresh taxation, but if the; endeavoured to make the public works pay he did not take so Bloomy a view of the future as the Treasurer. If he could lend a hand to bring about a better state of things, and put a tax on property which would relieve the Customs, he would do so. He agreed entirely with Mr. Smith when he said that he did not think the waste lands of the Crown paid their fair share to the Govern ment, and he would be found voting with those who endeavoured to bring about a better state of things in that respect. If we were to make rail ways, and waterworks, and jetties we should see that those who used them paid fairly for them. He did not believe in leasing the lamb of the country instead of selling them. The rent would be a very small amount, and to adopt such a policy would be foolish in the extreme. While he would vote for a tax on property it would be with the understanding that the people of the country should be relieved of the payment of duty upon the necessaries of every day life. (Hear, hear.) The matter had been so fully ventilated that he would content himself with ?what he bad said to put himself in a fair position before the House and the country. Mr. BUS WORTH said so much discussion had taken place on the unexpended balances that he would say nothing upon that head. He thought in regard to the fall in the credit balances it was worth while for hon. members to glance at Appendix A. It showed that at the 3Uih June. lS75a, there was a credit balance of £15'.). 00. since which time it had gradually dwindled down to £«,i*7 at 30th June last. In lS£-5-7 the average of the wheat crop was 14} bushels per acte as against II bushels 57 lbs. per acre in the previous year. The wheat crop of that year had one of the highest averages that the colony had known, and that he thought would account for the large credit balance. Since that year the balances at the end of the financial year had been reduced, anil that was to be accounted for by the reduced average of the wheat crop. He was not afraid of th ? future of the country — (the Treasurer— 'Hear, hear)— and thought a good season such as they teemed likely to experience would raise the con dition of the linanees.aiul they would find thai there was not the necessity for taxation which had been stated. They should also remember that the pablie works bad not had time to develop, and the country had not had time to settle, and that in the future a very large increase of revenue must be expected from the railways. The railways had not paid as we expected them to pay because the farmer needed seven bushels to the acre to pay his own expenses, and with late harvests had little beyond to expend. The increase of man-power it should also be rc lnembered would develop the country as it could cot now be developed. By Appendix C he saw that the Customs had yielded tn 1S76-7 £45 - :5tS3. acd in 1S77-S £50S.S'«. or an increase of JE5S.504. In postal and telegraphs the increase for that time had been £12.908. in railways £47.9t-8. and in hud sales j£2S,999. All these sources of revenue wooM increase jear by year as population increased, and cur experience of the past justified expenditure in a judicious development of the country. If works w ere carried out economically there would be a profit upon increa'ed expenditure. (Mr. Coglin — ?? 1 -ltm't see it.') A stance at the figures would show lint during the last ten years the increase of riverine had quire kept pace with the expenditure. In ISo'S the taxation was £1 2s. 9d. per head of the population, and the revenue £4 23. In ISftt. by lncreasinK our taxation 2s. 3d. per head, we had increased our revenue 5s. per head. In 1S70, by a t eduction of 4s. -Id., we had reduced the revenue Ids. la. per head; but that was an exceptionally hj'J year, and the average crop was only 5 bushels *- ''*? .?»« in the following year we recovered. at;d by increasing the expenditure 4a. 'd. we added to the revenue 9a. 3d. per head. In 1S72 the expenditure was increased Is. 10d., and the revenue v* reduced .5. 9d. per head. That ajrainwas a 'isasttoasjrear. only 5 bushels 44 lbs. being the :ield of wheat to the acre. In 1S73, while our .xpenditsre was £1 7s. 1,1. per head, there was no K-cre«e. but oar revenue increased £1 Ss. 4d. per I --«L In 1874 we reduced i± per head in expen '. 'VS'?? 'a11*11*'1 the 'me in regard to revenue, it- 1«5 the expenditure was increased Is. Sd. per I,.ad and the revenue 10s. 5.1. These figures elio*ed that if we managed oar works in an . ..onomiral way there was not moeo fear for the {...are. He did not mean to argue that we must 1 - ve taxation to increase the revenue but he t tB5htrfwemiina-redouraffiiraa«amannianamd Hscrirate estate we would find the worksrTro fratte. We had 2.3U6 acres pet head of the 1 pulsuon. but only eight acres were cultivated. I e thought they oagbt to moderately tax them (elves in order to develop the country and make b»mh AwtraBa take tne position eh% ought to in the world. They bad nothing to fear as far a* lie could see. Thty hid *3.$6$.S7 owing from 'and, which in itself was a very valuable asset ' The ground he took was that they ouzdt not to be afraid of taxation. Perhaps there was no absolute necessity for taxation and the country might not be clamouring for it, but if it was desirable to adjust the incidence of taxation he thought the Government had adopted a wise course in tie propositions they had put before hon. members. The Government proposition weuld somewhat meet the present unfairness of the incidence of taxation. He did not mean to say that a sixpenny property tax was or was not sufficient— he was only anxious to support the principle of a property tax. An income tax was iniquitous and inquisitorial, and was sure to lead to eo much deceit and fraud with a view to evasion that be thought it was not at all desirable. Capital used in the colony was bene ficial, but if it was withdrawn the colony must Buffer. Absentees were withdrawing large sums of money from the colony without contributing a cor responding benefit, and were really living upon the energy and industry of the colonists. He thought the absentees might be reached by a tax on ex colonial remittances. To adjust the incidence of taxation when it fell heavily on the labouring classes he would gii e free elementary education to the children. Any education above that he thought Bhould be paid for. He believed a remittance tax would be found to work exceedingly well. It could be economically collected, and would certainly not be so expensive or so unjust as an income tax. Although he thought persons in receipt of incomes of £.00 and upwards had not much reason to object to contribute something towards the revenue, yet he thought an income tax would be invested with so many objectionable features that it was not desirable that it should be imposed. In taxing land it must be remembered that there were many peisons who mortgaged their land up to its full value. In such cases it would be unjust to tax the landholder up to the value seeing that he wad already paying heavily through another source. He believed a remittance tax would lead absentees to engage in legitimate commerce with the colony by inducing them to invest their money in the pro duce of the colony for the purposes of export Some hon. members had suggested doing away with the subsidies to District Councils and Cor porations, but he believed if such were resolved upon theie would be such an outcry that Parlia ment would be compelled to return to the old state of things. Such money was well distributed and a legitimate expenditure. Seeing that £260,000 was suggested for new Parliament Houses, he thought the country districts would be very jealous about having the Govern ment subsidy to their rates taken away. Perhaps by a judicious exdenditure the country might profit by a moderate increase of taxation ; but as the country did not require it, and he did not individually wish for taxation, he did not see the utility of supporting the proposition for taxation at present Mr. CAVENAGH said in the discussion the Ministry seemed to prove that there was a deficiency, while those in opposition had come to the conclusion that there was a surplus. The hon. member for Onkaparinga had told hon. members that they Bhould deal with this question because they had promised to do so when before their consti tuents. He did not know, however, that hon. members had promised to support increased taxa tion; but in considering whether taxation was necessary or not had suggested various schemes of increasing the revenue. His own opinion was that taxation was not neces sary, and he thought the Treasurer had proved that it was not, and was of that opinion in his own heart The Treasurer, in the first instance, told them that there was a deficiency of £175.000, and then he came down to the House and told them if they would give him £140,000 he would take £70,000 off the Customs, showing that there was not such a large deficiency as he at first made out But if there was a deficiency it could be understood thoroughly well from the indifferent season the colony bad had. If we got a good harvest in the coining season he had no doubt there would be a good surplus revenue. They were told that the Government in proposing taxation wanted to undertake reproductive works; but he believed if the proposal of the Government were carried it would simply mean that unpro ductive works would be carried out Private enterprise, however, seemed able to undertake railways and make them pay, and he could not see why the Government should not do so like wise. The question whether the incidence of taxation should be altered was another affair. Taxation, however, in any form would be con sidered objectionable. It was so much lib*!, as a rule, that if they put it on to one class that class tried to pass it on to another, and so the weaker had to pay. It had been the case in the past, and would be through all time: he supposed. If the subject were not one of so much importance they might smile at the almost insans desire on the part of some hon. members to tux themselves. In England if the Chancellor of the Exchequer said he could dispense with a tax and abolished it the people were loud in bis praises. Here, however, things seemed to go in opposite ways, and the Treasurer was praised for proposing to put on a tax. As far as he could influence matters, however, he would prevent him, He was disap- j pointed with the Ministry and with the Treasurer in the taxation scheme which had been placed before bon. members. They all admitted the Treasurer's abilit; and untiring energy, but he thought in-teai: of bringing down simply a proposal for a property and income tax— which was as old as the hills— he had waited till the recesB and matured some scheme having relation to the broad principles of the question it would have been far wiser, and the House would in all probability bave supportc l him. A good deal had been said about the opinions of John Stuart Mill and other political economists, whose views might be applicable to England, but were not applicable to a new country like South Australia. In England property was inherited, but here every man could purchase property from the Government. He con sidered too that it was a misnomer to speak of the working man. They were all working men in this colony, or if not they had been at one time or other. Some persons who were in favour of an income tax urged that John Stuart Mill and other authorities were in favour of it. The Commis sioner of Crown Lands had pointed that out, but he thought if the hon. member looked up the latest authorities he would find that they were opposed to an income tax. He believed it would be impossible to ascertain the incomes derivable from property. If hon. members thought the squatters did not pay sufficient let a tax on land be levied, but do not tax them as a class and in doing so tax themselves who could not afford to bear it. He thought they might retrench on such absurd items of expenditure as model farms. If they wanted a model farm it would bave been better, as he sail at the time, to have established one in the South East. But he did not see the utility of planting a little wheat or barley to prove whether the ground would grow such produce. The farmers them selves would prove whether land was worth culti vating or not He believed if the House looked after the revenue properly there would be no need to impose additional burdens on the people. He asked the Treasurer to withdraw his proposal, and leave the broad question for consideration in the recess, when he could come forward with a scheme dealing with the whole question. He thought the question of taxation should be introduced by the Government, and inasmuch as the hon. member for Victoria bad failed to take action when he was in the Ministry he could not support him in the action he now took. Mr. HALNE3 said he did not wish to give a silent vote on the question. Some hon. members seemed to have looked upon the proposal for increased taxation as a very awful affair, and a cry had been made that the working man, the indus trial classes the bone and sinew of the country, would have to bear the burden. The fact, how ever, was that they would go free. Every man who had not got an income over £200 would go free. A man spoke to him the other day and said he hoped he would vote against an income tax. On being informed that his income was £159 a year he pointed out that an incom? tax would not affect him, that it was only incomeb above £200 that would be taxed, and that sixpence in the pound would be charged on incomes derived from property and threepence in the pound upon incomes derived from labour; and that if he had an income of £300 he would have to pa? 25 j. H-: said to him surely it would not hurt him. and the man said certainly not, but that he did not under stand the question in that way, and that there were many others who were in a like position. If a uinn had an income of £1,000 a year derived from other than property he wouldpay£10. He thought if soch a person could not afford to pay that towards the revenue he was not worthy of being called a colonist. He could not see that real property should be called upon to pay everything and income nothing; because whether they derived the income from real property or labour they could not get moie in the open market for 20a. from one source than from the other. The Government in their proposal sought to reach both, and he thought very wisely. He only hoped that the time would come when they would have direct taxation and free ports, although, be knew there were many who held a different view. I: had been suggested that the Government should abolich the subsidy to District Councils and Cor porations. But if that were done it would be a most iniquitous proceeding, fie did not think money cculd be be better spent. It kept the people peaceful, and encouraged them to raise money for their own requirements instead ot always coining to the Government for assistance. He regretted that so much time had been taken up by Ions speeches instead of the business of the country being proceeded with. Mr. COOKE said the arguments used by the Go vernment and their supponeis infavour of taxation had been placed under five heads. One reason was that during a series of years our income bad not equalled the expenditure, and thai we hod betn outrunning the coostabie. The second reason was that during tbe last two or three years the same cau«e had been going on to a greater degree, and had brought the colony to such a position that we must have taxation. The third reason was that by- showing our willingness to tax ourselves we increased the confidence in us in the London market, and would be placed in a better position to get money on favourable terms. (Tbe Treasurer— 'I have not heard that'! It had been used very extensively— (Mr. Boss— 'Hear, hear')— and certainly very strongly by the Trea surer three years ago. Tbe fourth reason was that in consequence of tbe extension of the colony and the progress of population farther outwards we needed greater taxation; and tbe fifth was that we had an actual deficiency which we mast make up. The first reason, that we had been outrunning the constable, was justified by the appendix to the Treasurer's speech marked OO. The hon. member tor Onkaparinga (Mr. Bandey) had said that he took it for panted, whatever inferences might be drawn from them, the figures were eortect; but with regard to this particular argument the figures were as incorrect as the inferences drawn from then:. He had already called attention to the fact that tie revenue last year was .£43,390 more than was reprinted in that statement; bat that was a small misuse compared to another. la the year 1871 the Auditor-General in his report showed that there was a considerable surplus, but m this state ment the Treasurer showed a deficiency of £123,0:0, li the Auditor-General has passed accounts where there was 3 deficiency acd allowed it to appear as a surplus he ou^ht instantly to be discharged from his situation; but when he looked at the Treasurer's statement he found one of the most marvellous mistakes. He had positively made a blunder cf considerably over ilCO.CCO by patting down revenue with loans aiioed as expenditure. The Auditor-General's repcrt for 1S71, page 13, would show it. In the Treasurer's appendix this was how it was made ont— revenue receipts, bond proceeds, and immigration fund, and the grand total of these was put down as expenditure. Of course an item of that Kind appearing in an account so completely upset the result (The Treasurer — ' It does not appear.') Here was the book on the table for any hon. member to see. Ah error of that kind affected the result so greatly that they could not argue from the statement at all, and when the statement was made that our expenditure for a series of years had exceeded the income he said the very reverse was the fact He did not blame the Treasurer for not checking all the accounts— that was clerks' work— but it was the duty of the hon. gentleman to look at the figures synthetically and see that they did not lead to an absurd conclusion. The ability of the Treasurer was great, but we must have had heaven-born Treasurers to have gone on eight years and a half spending more than we received and now to be in a better condition than when we started. We started with a debit balance of £45,0 0, and we left off with a similar credit balance. In the meantime we bad improved our position, according to the Auditor-General's returns, by £80,000. It might be said that we had £100.000 of loans to help us, bat we had paid off something like three tUies that amount during this period. (Mr. Ross -'Hear, hear.') So to say that the revenue had not been up to the expenditure for the last eight years and a half was a contradiction altogether of the accounts of the Auditor-General, and it should not be Eaid again nnless the person was prepared to show that he (Mr. Cooke) had gone on wrong pre mises, or that the Auditor-General had signed accounts which he ought not to have signed. The revenue and expenditure for the period he was referring to did not snow any material difference at all, and if the ground for extra taxation was that the revenue had not been sufficient he denied it. If he was wrong, let figures be shown to prove it. Another argument in favour of our taxing ourselves was that it would promote confidence in the London market He thought we had better not foul our own nest by such a statement as was here made of the position of our affairs. Was it likely that by telling the people in the London market that we were unable to meet our expenditure we would improve matters? (Hear, hear.) He knew that he might be told about unexpended balances; but in passing votes for any one year it was clear that they were passing for portion of the next year, and there Uy the difference between those who said unexpended balances were not liabilities and those who said they were. In one sense they were liabilities, but not for the year in which they were voted. When they passed Estimates for 1S7S 9 they knew that some of the items could not be spent till the next year, and possibly the year after that, and therefore tbey were not justified in raising taxation to such an extent that it would not only be sufficient to meet the expenses of this year, but also those of the year to come. With regard to the necessity for greater taxation to meet the extension of tbe colony, he bad already pointed out that in four years we had increased our revenue Borne £600.000 which he said ought to be sufficient to meet tbe increased re quirt men ts of the colony. He had been told through the Press that he ought to have painted out that the expenditure had increased to a greater extent than the revenue. He said he ought to do nothing of the sort, for it was not a fact That had been repeated a second time, and he eaid the parties who made such statements should produce their corrected figures. They must have gone on Appendix OO, where it did appear that the revenue bad not been bo great as tbe expenditure during the last eight years. There was one other point with regard to this actual deficiency. Had they not had that dinned into them every year? Three years ago they were told that unless tbey raised £6o,C00 there would be a dtfickecy. Tbey did not raise £69.000 and what was the result? — a surplus of nearly £160,000. The same Ministry to a great extent were in power last year, and then they were told that there would be a deficiency of £168.OOJ. And what was the result? Tbe deficiency was only on a paper. There was no ca-h deficiency, but they were told that there would be a deficiency of £172,000, or with the Supplementary Estimates a great deal more. He said unhesitatingly there would be nothing of the kind, and unless we had a really bad year the revenue would be sufficient to meet the expenditure. He had no objection to the imposition of a property tax for this reason— that they imposed a tax not for the sake of raising revenue, for he contended he had shown conclu sively that we did not require it but if it was for the ;ake of adjusting tbe incidence of taxation be was altogether with the Ministry ; but the argument in favour of a property tax did not apply to an income tax at all. (Hear, bear.) The real argument in favour of a property tax was that the amount which be bad realized from the alienation of land with a quarter of a million more had been spent in im proving that property, and that that kind of improvement was a thing which should be paid by the property, but incomes did not derive that benefit. The money spent in public works had not improved or had veiy indirectly improved incomes derived from other sources. Therefore it was per fectly just to put an extra tax on property and to relieve incomes either through tbe Customs or in some other way. For that reason he would go for the one and oppose in every form an income tax. Mr. BOWER moved that tie Committee divide, which was negatived. Mr. HAKE raid be would not bave risen again to speak on this subject except for some remarks which had been made by his hon. friend the senior member for Wallaroo. The hon. gentleman had said that when be went through his district at the time of the elections he found that all the electors coincided in his views that there should be no taxation. Well, he followed the lead of that great man, and be found that his constituents agreed largely as to the necessity of placing taxation upon property for tbe purpose of relieving the poor, and he had expressed bis determinatkn to help in bringing that about as far as he possibly could. His constituents understood that the taxa tion of tbe country was raised from dutiable goods. Tbe great Sir Thomas Elder, with all bis wealth, smoked the same negrohead tobacco as he did, drank tbe same tea— perhaps a little better— and so if tbey went into a list of articles consumed in daily life, the poor men paid the larger share of taxation. He contended that sugar, tea, currants, chicory, kerosine, and coffee, which were now taxed to the extent of £71,000, should be placed on tbe free list as the first step to making ours a free port. Mr. Robs had said that it would be very bad policy to go into the London market to borrow money, and at tbe same time proclaim the necessity for fresh taxation, thereby undoing our means of getting the money ; but he (Mr. Hare) knew very well that the feeling of a vendor when a person wanted to borrow money of him, and when he found that person making provision to repay the money he intended to borrow, was to lend him double what he asked. It was said that our bond s were at a discount. People could not know much abcut the money market who talked in that way. It all depended on the moment when they issued the loan whether it was successful in a high sense or not. He believed that success or non-success in floating a loan depended upon the available balance of gold in the Bank of England. He went heartily with the Government in tbe matter of taxation. (Oh and Hear, hear.) He had gone into the figures, and believing that the deficiency of £172,000 really existed could conceive of no better course being taken than that of raising money by means of an income and property tax to meet that deficiency. He believed most men of larce means in the colony would cheerfully submit to a property and income tax. Of course it ciull not be expected that men would come au i ask to be taxed. The duck did not com' and ask to be killed. (Laughter.) He believed he nas not violating any confidence when he sai-i that a leading merchant of this city had expressed tbe opinion to him that such a tax was u right and proper one to be imposed. Ha must compliment tbe Hon. Mr. Hawker on bains a party to the income and property tax, which rnu«t aflect the hon. gentleman very considerably, having regard to the large amount of property possessed by him; and be thought that a Government which numbered among its members a gentleman wil'iin? to support a scheme which would submit him psr sonally to such heavy taxation was deserving of the respect and the confidence of the country. With regard to the financial statement, Mr. Cooke had said we ' should not foul our own nests,' and appeared to think that it was foolish to go into the London market to borrow money and at the same time assert that we had a deficiency of £172.000. If, however, a man wanted to borrow, it was in his opinion far better to lay the whole facts of the case before the creditor. It would be better that a loan should be refused in consequence of honest representations than that any amount of money should be raised on the strength of repre sertaticcg which were false. (Hear, hear.) Ha believed trat the present state of oar finances pave no reason for apprehension but only for gr ive caution. (Hear, hear.) Care should be taken to expend money as far as possible in works that would prove remunerative. He alluded to the damaging statement which had been made that 'Uy in the House with regard to tbe Port Brough/on Railway, which had cos* £50. (XO and the weekly returns en which were only JS1S. He di-t not pro pose to take np time by any further remarks, and would therefore only say shortly with regard to the Customs duties that he thought they should be so amended that they should not press on the working man to the extent they now did. (Hear, bear.) Mr. MOODY bad gone into tbe Budgst spexb so carefully that he almost believed he had figures on tbe brain. He did not believe that an income or property tax was any more necessary now than it was years ago. If any tax at all were necessary he believed a stamp tax would be as good as any — (Hear, hear) — but with our Email popu lation of 140.000 souls it 6eemed to him absurd to think that taxation of the kind proposed could possibly be required- He thought most of the points upon which he could have spoken had been already touched upon by other members, and would therefore conclude his remarks by saying that he believed it was possible to make the pastoral leases yield a far larger revenue than they now did. (Hear, hear.) lie should vote against both the resolutions and the amendments. The Hon. J. CAKR desired to correct a mis statement which had been largely circulated. It bad been Eaid that he contended thit the unexpended balances could not be considered as a liability, an1 that he bad quoted the Treasurer in support of that view. He had looked at the reports id the Stgisicr and Advertiser, and could not find that he had said anythut? of tee kind. It being now hi; If past tJ o'clock, the littitK was suspended for an Lcur At half-past 7 o'clock — ' The Hen. J. CAKR continued— If he bad rer chance made use of the word 'liability' in ton nectiop with the unexpended balances it must have been in mistake for ' deficiency.' He believed that many who had written and spoken upon these matters outside the House had confounded the two things. As Mr. Downer had very clearly put if, sometimes an unexpended balance was a liabiliiy and sometimes it was not. There was no deficiency at present, buton the contrary a surplus. At thecomrjaencement of this year we had a credit balance of £45,000. Ten years ago there was a debit balance of the same amount, and then of course there really was a deficiency; but how could any one — any newspaper-editor — make ont that a £45,000 cieiit balance was a deficiency! He must dispute the position alto gether. With all his ingenuity the Hon. the Treasurer would not be able to explain away the fact that there was at the present moment an actual surplus in the exchequer, and if any de ficiency could be said to exist at all, it could be only that created by the Government in their estimates of income and expenditure. (Hear, hear.) Mr. tOGLLN could not understand how such conflicting statements could contem poraneously exist as had been made by the Treasurer, tbe Hon. J. Carr, and other hon. members. He was himself inclined to give great credence to a statement— a sort of Budget speech published by Mr. Northmore, of Kundle- street The CHAIRMAN having ruled that the hon. member was not in order in referring to state ments contained in a newspaper, Mr. COGLIN resumed— He did not agree with tbe system of taxation proposed by the Hon. the Treasurer. Although personally he was not in favour of cutting down official salaries, being of opinion that if good men were required it was necessary to give them good pay— (Hear, heart yet he thought even a move in that direction would bave been preferable to the course now proposed. There were millions of sheep in South Australia, and if they put a tax of one-sixth of a penny per head on them an immense revenue would be derived and the persons paying it would not feel it He believed that great saving could be effected in the printing establishment if tbe Government would only fairly grapple with the question. He did not see why the local printing offices should cot have an opportunity of doing the necessary work by contract Then there were the railway workshops. [The hop. member was proceed ing to enter into details when he was called to order by tbe Chairman.) He would point out that the items to which he wished to refer were not on the Estimates. The Chairman was confounding them himself. The CHAIRMAN— The hon. member must withdraw that remark. Mr. COGLIN would do so with tbe greatest alacrity imaginable. He considered it would be time to introduce a system of taxation after the expiration of the present Parliament It would be in order he supposed to siy that he objected to give the squatters leases of 40 years. n e had millions of acres of our land that were not bringing in sixpence to the State, and he would not give a shilling for a man who would not do well with 21 years' lease of pastoral lands, and would not leek it up for a longer period. Tbe Treasurer knew that there bad been a loss of £SO,000 on tbe railways. Some Northern members bad objected to lines being run either to the J£ast or to the South till the North was developed, and he thought that those who used the railways now made ought to be made pay for them by raising the rates now chsTged. If tbe Government lost by the hired truck bj Btem why did the Treasurer not effect a change and try other plans before coming to the House and asking for fresh taxation? He pointed out tbat applications had been made to bave hundreds declared in the North, but the Go vernment had refused to do so on the grcucd that the land was not fit for agriculture. That was not ther business, but they should have declared the hundreds when the public wanted to select the lands. He thought we should not allow the pastoral leases ef hundreds of square miles of country to be trafficked in as was the case at present. The waterworks were not properly managed, as some people could not get tbe water laid on in populous districts, whereas other districts had the water where the population was very small. He had not lived in the colony 11 years and travelled over it within a radius of 500 miles of the Post-Office without knowing some thing. The CHAIRMAN said he really must interrupt the hon. member, who was travelling from the subject before the Committee. Mr. COGLIN continued— He did not see why men with incomes under £200 should not h; touched by the income tax. as some of the greatest eye-openers in the cilony had salaries under £2 0 a year. He liked a scheme of taxation that was gereral. (Laughter.) He supposed he would not be allowed to allude to the Victor Harbour Breakwater and the Murrav Bridge-(Iaughter)-but he would say that had he known tbe finances would be in the present state he would not bave voted for certain large work?. He would like the Treasurer to put a stop to all unnecessary works while the colony was on the wrong side of tbe ledger. He had no personal feeling against the Government. He had supported the late Government for three years because he thought them a goahead Government and he did not think be cculd vote against this one; but hi would walk out of the House if a motion were brought against them. The TREASUREK (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) did not wish to occupy the time of hon. members very long, but there were a few words that be ought to say— (Hear, hear) — while there were very many that he hoped tbey would not expect him to say, considering the length to which tbe debate had been prolonged. He would ask tbe Hon. J. Carr to excuse him when he said that be was surprised tbat a gentleman who had been long enough a Cabinet Minister to have earned the title of honourable Bhould have again spoken of the £44,000 as a surplus. If the UBe of the term was unintentional he forgave him, but if not he thought the hon. member was very much to blame, as using tbat term was calculated to mislead other hon. members of the House. Kcithing could be called a Eurplus but what he had in money after all the works for which it had been voted were carried out. He had £44.000 in the Treasury, but there were liabilities to tbree times that amount (The Hoc. J. Carr— 'You have this year's revenue.') Contracts were incurred last year, and it was a misuse of language to call that amount a surplus. When the hon. member went into office there was a surplus of £159.000, and against it only ££6,000 of a liability, leaving a real surplus of £93.000: but that was very different from the case now. He must complain of the use of the word surplus by a Cabinet Minister. He was much obliged to Mr. Ccoke for not pointing out the mistake in tbe return OO till he had the corrected figures before him. He had teen determined that there should be no mistake, but he had had to read some of the appendices in manuscript, and owing to bon. members being anxious to have them all in print this one had not been corrected and a figure had been transposed. He bad nobody in the department but the Under-Treasurer and Mr. Gill and two other clerks. Mr. Gill had been laid up and a cletk under him was ill, and be was sorry to say that he bsd seen by the papers that he was dying. The balance had been affected bytakine an amount approximately set down as £400. Of 0, which had been set apart from the Land Fund for immigration under Sutherland's Act It could not be called revenue, as there was an Act to the contrary. The balance of this money was a fund appropriated from land under Sutherland's Act, which was spe cially passed. Previous to that a portion of the Land Fund was fixed for immigration purposes, and therefore could not be considered as revenue. Tbat Act however, was repealed, and a portion of tbe revenue from the lands was used for public works instead of immigration till immigration was resumed. He could not, however, see how they could call that revenue. (The Hon. J. Carr— 'Of course it is.') How could that be when a special Act of Parliament said it was not? If Parliament said that certain moneys were to be withdrawn he could not see how thelhon. member couU c ill them revenue. But that was not what be relied upon. He had ttated ail along that the revenue was not equal to the expenditure. There had been no closer analysis of tbe public accounts and tbe operations of Sutherland's Act than during the past m -nth ; but be did not think the Audit Office itself could trace out how every item of expenditure had been affected by that Act They had had to dedi cate revenue to the payment of interest and pay £41,000 on account of the principal. It must come out of revenue. (Hear, hear.) He was therefore surprised at the hon. member. They had had to ar prrpriate at least £103,000 for matters to be paid out of the revenue. But what he maintained was that during tbe past three yean they had received £139.000 less than they had expended. And no cne could deny that. He did not rely altogether en tbe accuracy of tbe appendices, but he main tained tbat the figures he bad used in tbe Budget speech were correct Hon. members were toll tbat the colony was in a flourishing condition. H-; did not deny that He believed there was a great future before the colony, but he contended that on the 1st July.'IS'S, the colony was £239,000 worse off than when be left office years ago. Tbat was irrespec tive of unexpended balances, about which so much had been Eaid. He made that statement upon the authority of the Auditor-General, who was respon sible to the Government and the country. (Mr. Kcss— 'Irrespective of unexpended balances.') Some men bad got such ideas into their bead* about unexpended balances tbat they appeared to have got quite in a fog. He could only say that he cculd not waste time by attempting to clear their minds or instruct them. He would only repeat that there was the Auditor-General's certi ficate that tbe revenue was £233.000 worse off than when he left effice two years ago. And no one could deny it (Mr. Cooke— 'I do.') Figures could be made to show almost anything, and after what be had beard he did not know if they might not be made to square the circle. There certainly, however, could be no doubt as to the £239 000. The figures agreed with those he had worked out himself. Two years ago there was £159.000 in the Treasury, with £66.000 liabilities This resrtbere. was £44,000 in the Treasury, with £if2,CO0 liabilities. If they had only two millions it wps impossible to spend twe and a half millions. Whether there was a deficiency or not depended upon the Home in the expenditure they authorized. If thsy wanted a lar^e amount of money spent they must supply the Treasurer with a large amount That was what he bad kept before the country all along. He had not attempted to tret people into a tog by raising questions about unex pended balances. But if roads and bridges were to ba constructed grants made to District Councils, and free education provided, the House must supply the money. If they said there were to be none of these then there would be no deficiency. On the other hand, if they wished a liberal expenditure they could cot expect it put of an impoverished revenue. If tbey wished to carry on public works they could not do it without borrowing mocey, and if tuey were to carry on the public works tbey must have immigration. Bat it would be * most dangerous thing to say that theF wou'd introduce immigrants to make up the revenue. He did not wish to detain the House longer. He would snxply say in answer to thoee who had tuggesied that the Government had introduced the question of tax as a threat that he had done nothing of the Bort, and that in asking hon. members to support him he bad used no unfair means to gain that support He had simply placed the propositions before the House, believing that that was the wisest and best means of governing the colony, and pre paring for a reform in the Customs by providing some other means of revenue. (Cries of 'Divide.') Mr. WHITE said that was the only opportunity he had had of speaking. He was there as a sup porter of the Government, as he had been of every Government that he felt was anxious to do the best for the colony. They had heard so much from both sides of the House regarding un expended balances that he had come to the conclusion that tbey could make the figures show almost any result they chose. (Mr. Cooke—' Not if you understand them.') The conclusion he had arrived at was that taxation was not necessary, and be thought if the Government could not carry on the business of the country without it they ought to give place to others. He said that however without any unfriendliness towards the Government Hethoughtagreatmanyoftbeworks proposed to be carried ont might be put aside for a short time longer, as for instance the railway to Nairoe, the railway from Saddle worth, to Clare, and the railway from the Dry Creek to a quarry hole in an uninhabited part of the hills. In his opinion retrenchment might be made in connection with the Road Boards, and thought where districts were supplied with railways running parallel with roils tbe Govemment should withdraw their assistance. If tbey were to have taxation he did not think they cculd bave a fairer tax than a property and income tax, and he respected the Treasurer for having in troduced it; but he should withdraw his su^pjrt if he went back from that scheme and sought to let off Banks, wealthy Companies, and profes sional men who were making large incomes in the colony. Every man was benefited by large sums of money being brought into the colony for public works, and therefore shoal J pay a fair proportion towards the burden. We were spending large sums for immigrants, but if a person enquired for a skilled labourer he had to search for weeks before he could find him. AU the immigrants were absorbed by the public works, but we must be cautious in the extent of our public works. He believed that if we followed the producer within 15 or 20 miles we did quite enough, and he might mention that if the Govern ment would open up the land north-east of the Burra by means of wells they would receive an amount which would go far towards meeting the estimated deficiency. He felt that this was the most serious vote he bad ever been called on to give. He thought while the producing population were fencing and cultivating their ground, building houses, chapels, and schools, and making high ways tbat they should be allowed to go on without the tax-gatherer going to their doors: but when they had completed their work and their incomes were not required to be expended on their pro perties they might fairly be asked for some of it. (Hear, hear ) The land which was being alienated was after all not going out of the hands of the Government, but was only being held in trust until tbe Government needed to get an income from it. Mr. SIMMS said a more perplexing question than this the House bad never been called upon to register its vote on, for what be beard fiom the Treasurer, the late Treasurer, and the Treasurer who preceded him (Mr. Glyde) was so confusing that ordinary members like himself had the utmost difficulty in arriving at a conclusion on the figures submitted to them. The land tax and tbe income tax proposed by the Treasurer in his opinion would be preju dicial and pernicious in practice. They would be difficult to collect, and would introduce into people's minds all sorts of arguments to show how difficult it was to ascertain what their incomes really were. It would give £20,000, and what would it cost to collect? And then how would tbey get at the real incomes of not only people who lived in the colony, but out of it? He agreed that the incomes of absentees ought to be touched if possible : but he did not believe in the incomes of those who were providing the backbone of the country being touched in order to get at them. (Mr. JBundey— 'You can't do one without tbe other.') If he saw any means how it could be done he would vote for it: but from the perplexity in which the question was involved the only thing he could do was to vote against the whole of the proposals of the Government and also both amendments with tbe view ot putting things right He did not think tbe way in which it was proposed to deal with the adjustment of the Custom duties was a way which would meet with the concurrence of the pjople outside. The amount of duty collected from the Customs was large, but he had not heard that the people felt it to be such a severe pressure as it ha i been bo often represented in that House and else where to be. and so far as his knowledge of the people went they were content to let things remain as tbey were until some better meau3 of equalizing taxation than w;re now proposed were supsestea. There was one suggestion which h. would like to throw out to the Treasurer. Some few days ago he called his attention to tbe millions of acres under the control of the Com missioner of Crown Lands. It Btruck him that these lands did not bear their fair share of taxation, and they ought to be. made moie use of in the future than in the past. If the lands which were now held in thousands of miles by a few individuals were cut ud into thou sand-mile blocks, wells and dams made on them, and then submitted to auction, how many thou sands a year they would bring into the revenue. If the Treasurer had made this a personal question he would have voted with him; but as he had not. and as he believed that the time had not yet arrived for taxation as proposed, be must vote against the resolutions. Mr. SlUKESfelt it his duty to support the reso lutions, on the plain ground that he believed direct taxation to be for the benefit of any country. With regard to the Hon. Mr. Glyde's amendment, it sounded very plausible that a reduction should be made in the Customs duties commensurate with the amount to be raised by the income and pro perty taxes; but he felt they must first of all intro duce tbe prircipleof direct taxation, and when they had put themselves in a position to pay their just liabilities they could deal with the tariff; and he hoped to see us before long placed in the proud position of having a free port. He would allude to the subject mentioned by tbe last speaker with regard to the large income that rnipht be derived from tbe outlying lands if de veloped by Government and then offered to the public to take up. In order to attain the end pro posed large sums of money would have to be spent Would it not be better to offer a fair in ducement— he was not speaking now of 42 years' leases— (Laughter)— to people to take up tbe country on their own account and improve it for themselves ? With regard to the principle of direct taxation, he thought that each man ought to be taxed in proportion to his means, and that the present system was unjust. (Hear, hear.) No doubt there were difficulties in the way of col lecting the income tax, and it was to Bome extent invidious; but the objections to it hai not in other countries been found to be insuperable. Collateral issues had been raised, but the mam principle was that direct taxation was desirable, and tended to relieve tbe burdens of tbe working classes. (Hear, hear.) - ' Mr. BOWJSR had always held the view that taxes should be raised from those best able to pay them. (Hear, bear.) He did not think there was any necessity for a reduction of the Customs duties or that the working classes felt any grievance or made any complaint ropecting them. Some provision must be n— ?' , ? -ir only for meeting the interest on possillc ; .. . . s. j. but to pay the interest of theBe already contracted. (Rear, hear.) He was surprised at tbe ol jection raised by Mr. Uo s t-- faxaticn, considering that the hon. gentleimn li.i'! last jear pioposedto increase the charge on rail ny cartiace from 21d. to 3d. per ron per mile. Was not tbat a species of taxation and intended for revenue purposes? He bad himself voted with Mr. Boss on that rccasion, bjlievine that those who used the railways were in a good position to pay something to wards the revenue. Now was the time, when the country was in a flourishing condition, to raise whatever money might be required to secure the colony against a rainy day. A good deal had been said about tbe unoccupied lands of the colony, but cleaily tbe lands could nut be occupied in tbe absence of people to settle on them. He thought instead of forcing land into the market it was far better to wait till a natural demand arose for the land. With regard to offering long leaxeB a? an inducement to people to take up outlying lands, he believed it would be far better for tbe Govern ment itself to examine into and make certain or tbe qualifications of the land, and then no doubt people enough would lie from time to time forth ccming to take thcEe lands up. In the absence of population of course no great value would attach to the land. Even the plains on the way to Gawler had at one t me been considered almost valueless on account of there being no population to settle on them. Mr. BOSS did not wonder that any confusion should bave arisen in the mind of the hon. member for 'West Adelaide in consequence of tbe explana tions tendered by tbe Hon. the Treasurer. The Treasurer was always labouring and struggling under two ideas, Rebecca-like with two children at his besom. (Laughter.) There was tbe desire to explain and the still stronger de&ire; not to explain. Twenty minutes had been occupied by the Trea surer tbat day in explaining a clerical error. Instead of that they had a right to expect a fair defence of the Budcet speech. (Cries of 'Divide' *nd ' Order.') Mr. BU.KDEY rose to a point of order, and enquired whether he was not in order in cilhaz 'Divide.' considering that the House ha-1 heard something like five speeches on the satuj subject from the bon. member for Wallaroo. The CHAIRMAN having informed Mr. Bimdey that no interruption of the kind referred to could be allowed, Mr. ROSS resumed. He was surprised at the excessively impertinent— or withdrawing that word heehculdeay 'miparliameniary' interruption of his hon. friend Mr. Bundey. The clerical error to which tbe Treasurer alluded bad not been detected that day. The Budget speech, was made as far back as tbe 3Ut July, and the Treasurer had since had plenty of opportunities of putting himself right with the House on the point. But there were other points on wbich it was impossible not to be surprised at tbe absence of any ex planation. The Treasurer hid asserted that tbe country had durinz the last three or four years gone back. This was a repetition', of a most disgraceful statement It was Eaid tbat the colony bad gone back to the extent, of £239.C00 irreepeciivtly of the unexpended balances. Reference to pages 13, 14. and 1 j of the; Budeet speech would show that tbe debit balance; which had been ' fudged'-(He3r, hear)— had been produced entirely by taking into account unexpended balances. Yet the Hon. tbe Treasurer bad the audacity to say that the Government had grow back irrespective of unexpended balance?. He was reminded of the saying of an ancient writer that when one committed a disgraceful act; .the character cf which was too obvioas to escape detection, tbe best way was to stick to it. (Ltiighter.) He waz surprised that the Treasurer herald have passed over with contempt perfectly mparalleled criticisms of the most friendly haracur. Hitherto it bad been tbe prac ice in Parliament for the Treasurer to reply 0 or to endeavour to meet any objections that night be raised by hon. members in the course of 1 debate on a Budzet speech ; but in this case the treasurer appearedto have avoided every point and :very srave objection that had been made against his inaccial statement. It was treating tne House with he utmost ind:gnity to say that ii any hon. mem ber desired explanation upon a particular point je would be prepared to explain it to him at his jffice. (Hear, hear.) The people of this colony thorn hon. members represented had a right to lemand that a subject in which they possessed so sreat an interest should be fully and fairly dis missed in Parliament It was treating the House lonUmptuously and with indijreity for the rreaBUrer to act as he had done, and if :he business of the House was to be so conducted just because the hon. gentleman had a strong Majority at his back, the sooner the people lecided to abolish Parliament altogether and ilaced things in the bands of a dictator tbe setter. Then, again, last session the Treasurer iad made a most unfounded statement He had :harged his predecessors with having done what hey did not do. He obtained votes from Pariia nect on the ground that his predecessors had pent tbe money. He (Mr. Rost) had indignantly lenieci tbe statement at the time, and since then tith the further information at bis disposal from lie papers laid before tbe House by the Treasurer le was able to charge him with having uttered rbat was nothing more nor less than the incorrect itatement — that was quite Parliamentary — laughter) — that we had spent £ltj3,00:\ (Vir. Boucaut^ — ' 1 never said so.') Mr. BDNDEY again rose to a point of order, ind enquired if Mr. Ross could refer to what took )lace two years ago. Tbe CHAIRMAN ruled that Mr. Itoss was jerfectly in order. Mr. ROSS said he was really surprised that the ion. member for Onkaparinca, who had been a nembcr of a Cabinet a M nister of Education, a earned gentleman of tbe law, and also a Q.C, ihonld continue his interruptions. The Treasurer listinctly obtained votes last session on the plea hat his predecessor had spent the £163.000. (ilr. ?Joucaut— 'No.') He had no means of proving hat that was not the case until the Treasurer jrougbt down his financial statement and he had .hown by tbat they bad only spent £59,000 in ixcess of the Estimates brought down by them, Deluding the chief and Supplementary Estimates. 3e thought a grave charge like that was certainly rortby of a reply from tbe Treasurer, but instead if tbat be cockea his hat over his eyes. The CHAIRMAN ruled tbe expression out of irder. Mr. ROSS— Instead of doing that he remained ullen and silent on all material point'. He had eferredtothe clerical errors in the returns and bat sort of thing. Then there was the deficiency if £K2,C00. Surely the Committee had a right to erne further explanation respecting that. The Dreasurer when in Committee of Supply s&id; — Tbe CHAIRMAN— The hon. member cannot efer to what took place in Committee of Supply. Mr. ROSS must remind the Committee that the treasurer distinctly excused himself on a former iccat ion of entering into the discussion by stating bat by going into Committee of Ways and Means hey would be able to continue the arguments, and n tbat way avoid a repetition of the debate. Hear, hear.) It was bis distinct statement that he rculd not reply in Committee of Supply because le intended to do so in Committee ot Ways and Ueans. (Mr. Boucaut-' I never said so.') Tbe treasurer grounded his whole argument on the lenciency of £172,000; but since they had been in Jemmittee of Ways and Means he had not touched hat matter— in fact he had not uttered the figures or nade tbe slightest reference to them. On Tuesday ast he replied to tbe speech of Mr. Downer at great ength, tut made no reference to this anticipated leficiency. The Committee were now called on to upport a new tax on the people without a single rord of explanation from the Treasurer, who was imply relying on the majority of votes he had at ils back. Such conduct was absolutely unparalleled. Mr. BUNDEY said that when he rose on a uestion of order he did not profess to have the cow ledge of Mr. Ross on the Standing Orders -f the couLtty, but he professed to have ead some of the debates of the Englisli louse of Commons, and he would point out hat in these they would frequently find members allincout 'Divide.' Mr. WARD rose to a poi at of order. He de*ired o aek whether the hon. member was not disputing he ruling of the Chairman. The CHAIRMAN— No. Mr. WARD-Is be not out nf order? The CHAIRMAN -No. He is describing the uactice elsewhere. Mr. BRAY pointed out that our Standing Orders were guided by the oactice of the Imperial Parliament. The CHAIRMAN-The 144th Standing Order -rovides that uo member shall interrupt another then speakirg. An hon. member might call * Divide' in the House of Common » without the Speaker being able to distinguish his voice. He listinctly heard the hon. member call ' Divide,' ind it was his duty to say that he was out of order n doing so. Mr. BUNDEY protested ag*hut any member -f the Committee continually making speeches without throwing any fresh light on tbe suljtsct, 3e did not think that the hon. member for Wai aroo had displayed good taste iu referring to him n the way he bad done. It wai not fair for any e ember to get up six times to address them (Mr. Boss— 'We arc in Committee.') He protested igainst the bon. member's attacks on the Trea ?urer. They did not enlighten the Committee in iny degree. He entertained tbe highest feeling 3f legard for tbe hon. member for Wallaroo, but he must certainly say that he had no xDifnlence in bis figures or his powers as a Snancier. He did not say tbat he had implicit :ocfidence in the Treasurer. Tbe actions of the aorj. member for Wallaroo and the Treasurer put lim in mind of a Punch and Judy show— one was no sooner down than the other was up. (Laughter.) tie was not there to decide on the disputes of the present and the past Treasurer. He was there to Jecideon the much broader question as to whether It was necessary to further tax the people of the :olony. The bop. member for Wallaroo had taken svery opportunity of personally attacking the Freasurer. (Mr. Ross— 'No.') In every debate Lhat bad taken place during this session he had done so— (Mr. Ross— 'Not personally')— and this led to a reply from tbe Treasurer, and following tbat recrimination. He was sure he was expressing the opinions of a great many members of the House when he said that no nuuter how clever a man might be. tbey objected to being bored by him. The TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said he did not think the hon. member for Wallaroo was doing him justice in saying that he was sullen. He bad endeavoured to answer every hon. member. [Mr. Ross— 'No.') He had attempted to answer every question put to him. (Mr. Ross— ''No.') He was kept continually on his legs doing so. He might, however, say that he had several foolscap Bbeels of notes of remarks of hon. members to which he wished to refer, but he was sure that they did not expect him to do bo. He would like to answer the remarks of Mr. Krichauff about tbe Land Fund. The Surveyor- General has gene through bis figures again, and adhered to bis original views on the matter. He thought that en the whole tbe Surveyor- General would be right The hon. member for Wallaroo had accused him of cocking his hat over his eyes during the debate. Tbat was not done in any disrespect to the House. (Mr. Ross— 'Tbe expression was wilh diawn.'') If it appeared disrespectful he was sorry for it. He certainly did not intend it With re&ard; to the general question, he wished to say to the hen. member that he had never sail that the amount which was alluded to had been all spert. But lie bad said that a number of amounts bsd teen expended. Mr. KING moved that the Committee do now divide. The nacstion was declared carried. Mr. WARD called for a division :- ATES, 13.— Messrs. Bean, Bos worth. Bower, Bundev, Coglin, Darling. Purner, Haities, Hare. Qum. Simms, Stokes, and King (teller ) Noes, 23— Tbe Treasurer, the Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Crown Lauds, the Commis sioner of Public Works, the Minister of Education. Messrs. Basedow. Bray, Hen. J. Carr, Messr*. Cooke, Downer, Fnwler, Hon. L. Glyde, Messrs. Henning, Krichauff. Landseer. Magarey. Moody, Parsons, Recs, Rcss, Shannon, Smith, and Ward (teller.) Majority of 10 for the N«s. Mr. WARD was not going to reopen the whole qnestion at tbat stage, but he thought on a qnestion which touched the pockets of nearly every man in tbe colony they ousht to give up a little of their time as representatives of Ihe people to its full discussion. He rose for the purpose of pointing out that Mr. Bund, y bad done his late colleague Mr. Roes great injustice in joining in the attempt tbat eeemed to have been made of late outside to cry down Mr. Rosa as a financier. He did not profess to understand tbe question himself, but Mr. Ross, from tbe position be had hel-', did, and it was not at all improper that he should, do all that he could to make hon. members understand tbe position of the finances. Mr. Bundey bar) a good deal of gush about biro and was genial in bis style, ani what he had said would be likely to inBuence-hon. mem Vers if he (Mr. Ward) did not point out that tbere was nothing wrong in what the hon. member bad done in rising frequently to speak upon this subject. As to tbe Question before the House, when, a* he conceived would soon be the cate before long, one amendment already on their bands was disposed of, he would move the amendment he bad already iudicited. He believed that it would more accord with tbe convenience of the Committee if bon. members refrained from fur her discussion till this question was dealt with as he hoped it would be, and they would then be able on the amendment be would move to speak aa lie would to tbe whole question. Mr. COGLIN asked the Chairman if the hon. member was in order in dictating how the question should be put (Laughter.) Tbe CHAIRMAN— The hon. member was in order. ? Mr. KEICHAUFF complained that questions of importance asked in tbe debate were left un answered by the Treasurer. He had asked one tbat should bave been answered. Mr. FURNER felt some difficulty in arriving at a cor elusion as to bow he should vote. It was a question in bis rrind whether tbe expenditure would exceed the revenue in the current year. He thought at the end of tbe session we might have so rranv unexpended balances as would make up for the deficiency stated at £172.000. (Hear, hear.) At tbe same time tbe candidates at the last election had teen urged to support fresh taxation, and he ft It bound to support the Government He did not wish to weary hon. members, but was anxious to place his views before the House. Ibe TREASUFER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said the ben. member Mr. Krichauff had eaid there was £300.010 due on land payments this year, and why, therefore, had the Government in their Ways and Means only put down £200,000? The £290,000, he would ro nt cnt, was all thai the Surveyor-Genera] said could be expected, as it wat anticipated that some fanners would a»k for an exten sion of time, while other* would receivo m extension under the new Act; besides which the fact that the interest on overdue payments was reduced from 10 to 8 per cent would be likely to induce some to postpone their payments. Mr. DOWNER said he hadToped that tbe Treasurer would have given an answer to what Mr. Kcss bad said regarding the deficiency which he promised to do when the first item in the Badset fE^JEfJTTH, ^''1 himself unskilledTn these things, be felt, like Mr. Furner. somewhat perplexed in consequence of the conflicting Btatementi of 'Jreasarer, the pant-Treasurer and past-past- Treasurtr. Mr. Rom had pointed DUt tbat if after straining every nerve the Treasurer bad failed to spend £240.000 that had been voted for this year, how was it likely that with the £100,000 lie asked for he could spend 42.-7,000 1 [Sir. Ross— 'Hear, hear.') He withed to wy ono other word in explanation. Although when he rose to criticise the Treasurer's position he felt and *poke somewhat strongly, yet he thousht his motives would have been considered pure and honourable, and that the hon. member for Onka paiinga would not have accused him of being sctua-.ed by party niriu (Mr. Bundey— 'I did not.') Mr. BUNDEY in explanation said he simp'y pokted out that if the hon. member did not believe in the la ct sty of the Treasurer ho mu-t tote against him. Dr. DOWNER said the hon. member's ttiTTjory must be defective. A paiuful effect was cic&'ASd upon him by ihe hon. member tuggestiu^ that he was actuated by party spirt and a paltry desire to Bet £],000 a year on the Treasury benches. He, however, was lisipy to accept the hon. iuo nbsr's disclaimer, lie could only say that he w»s net actuated by any party tpirit whatever, bui as an independent meruter Kit that he hid n r^'ht to ask lor infonnaium, and to complain if the Tio biiier failed to ^ve it. The hon. mem'-e? ioi Onkapannga had Km gleaned to charge Him with dealing with liKures that he did not ua,!e ssand. He begged to dihtr fiom the h'.n. mun--er and point out that he thought bon. members uad no difbculty m uuduttai.ding his figures. (Bean Ihe TKEASITKEK (Hon. J. P. Boucant) said be did explain to the hon. member, lul he pointed out to ihe hon. memt^r that if he »as to go over the whole matter I continually to hou. members the discussion would never cloce. He tuted ihe reasons why lid thought it was not desirable- to keep the discussion alive, and then went on u- explain in reference to the unexpended balances. Mr. BUNDEY &.id the bon. member Mr. Downer had altogether mistaken bis meauing. He lid not for a moment impute that he was actnated by party feelings or a desire to get on to Uic Trea. -uty benches. 11\. e question that the words proposed to be in sertid (tbe Hon. L. Glide's amendment) be in serted were then put nnd declared carried. The Hon. L. CJJ.YDtf called for a division .— Ayes, 12-Mesbis. Basedow, Bray, Hon. J. Carr. . Messrs, Downer, Fowler, Henning, Krichauff, Landseer, Pareoi.?, Kois, Shannon, a.d Glyde ;telltr). Noes, 22-The Attorney-General, the Commie, iioner of Crown Land*, the Commissioner of Public Works, tbe MinitUr of Education, Messra. Bean, Eoaworth. Bower, Bundey, Coplin, Darling, Furnerr Haines, Hare, King, Moody, Qain. Rees, Simms, smith. Stokes, Ward, and the Treasurer (teller). Majority of 10 fur the .Noes. Mr. WARD h;.d now to ask the Committee to athim the amendment thai he had indicated. He w-.uld first move ' That additional taxation is un necessary;' and if that was carried he would move '! hat certain Customs duties should be repealed, and the revenue lecouped br a direct tax on pro. perty.' There mits'it be some division of opinioir as to these two proposals, and therefore he wished ' to put them separately. He thought it had beeir ibundaiitly shown uuring this discussion that additional taxation was unnecessary. If he wanted my proof he took it from tbe Treasurer's lips not five minutes ago. In an attempt to reply to Mr. Krichaufl lie said that tbe Surveyor General was of opiiiion tbat although i'W.OOQ iras absolutely due for the payment of tha principal on agricultural selections next year, tho liovernment weie only going to receive £200 000. Lf that opinion was wrung and they did receive the »)i -le of tbe £3t7.l00 at one stroke this apparent deficit would be wiped out. He challenged the I tourer to state upon what grounds be, ortha Survcjor- General. or the Coumissiouer of Crown Lai, da passed so Krot,s a libel upon the credit selectors of this country as to say that nearly Qj ter cent of them would not meet tbe encasements they had entered into. He could understand tha t-lateiLent if there »aa a prospect of a bad season, but so tar as it had gone it was likely that we el ould bave oue vt the best seaso..s we hid had for years. Suiely the Government were tct for the lurpose of bolstering up this a j parent deficit . ssuming that this hrcc amount « ould not be paid. There was no reason to suppose II at anything but a tmall percentage of thin money would not be paid The statement the Treasurer had made was a libel upon tbe selectors, and was gieatly calculated to depreciate our credit abroad. In this attempt to bolster up his apparent deficit tbe Treasurer was really doing injury to the colony, and therefore was one of the most unpatriotic men. we had. Be therefore challenged the Treasurer or tbe Commissioner of Ctown Lands to state on what basis they made the calculation that this amount would not be paid. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands— 'We will do it') Apart from this question he thought hon. members would follow him in saying that the Treasurer bad generally over-estimated his possible expenditure aud under estimated his pioliituc revenue in order to bring about tbe appau ni deficit he had doue. He. believed the Treasurer was really convinced of the great error which pervaded bis mind ; that bo much, bad been talked and written about tbe Treasurer having tbe courage to face the difficulty and pro* pose new taxation that it had really caused taxa tion to be a craze upon his brain. He was crazed with the idea in 1875, and crazed him (Mr. Ward) with it too. (Laughter and Hear, bear.) But they had seen that those who opposed them then were right and the Treasurer had admitted it. In 187G there was another Ministry in office who~ said they could conduct tbe business of the country without additional taxation,, and' did so, and would but for a somewhat unfair faction bave continued to have dona bo to that day, but they were met by tbe Treasurer, who said that public works Bhould not proceed without extra taxation. He was beaten upon it by three to one; and why had he brought forward tbtBe propositions now but simply to prove that he ata his leader- writers who seemed to be in hia service were right and the Parliament and the people wrong! But be did not think it worth while, tor the people of thiB colony to submit to additional taxation to prove that But he did say that other taxation was necessary, not for the purpose of in cieatiug the revenue, for that was equal to all the liabilities, but in older to enable them to remit certain other duties which at present pressed unfairly upon the industrial in terests of the community. On that point what did the Treasurer propose to do? Was there a tittle of sincerity iu what be said ! First oi all he proposed additional taxes in order to provide revenue, and he did not say a word about Customs duties. First of all he t-aid he would not take any oil at all, then that he would do so this session, and then that he would not if he could. Then did he uot tell them that the deficiency which ba wsnttd to make up was £170,000. and that ha estimated to get £170,003 from the new taxes I JSc w he wanted to know if the deficiency would be £17(1,000, where in the name of common sense *as the margin to enable the Treasurer to part with any Customs duties sit all I When tbe Treasurer found that things were getting a little too hot for him, and that even h:s be3t friends were beginning to find out the weak points in bis armour, he led the House to suppose that ho would remit the Customs duties to the extent of £7f,e00. Now, if the proposed taxes would pro duce £I4i', 000 (taking the Treasurer's own fuures). and £7S.00U were knocked oft the Customs, would not tbe industrial Classen as a whole he positively worte off than they were before? £140,000 would be taken away from the people of tbe colony, and 475,000 would be returned. He intended to bo frank enough to do what was rarely done on tho Opposition side of a House. He would indicate to tbe Treasurer what be believed would bo tho prc per course to pursue, and in the even: of that course being followed he should give the Ministry hii unqualified support. He. approved of tb - pro perty tax, but be thought the Ministry should forego their attempt to impose a tax upon the industrial earnings of the community. His reason for saying lhat was that those who had only their lives to protect paid quite enough for that protection by means of the indirect taxation which reached them through tbe Customs; but those who bad property to protest coald well afford to pay a special and direct tax for that pro* tection. Were it not for tde lateness of tbe hour be bad intended to speak more fully on tbe wbole t ubject, but be desired at any rate to discharge tho c'uty be owed as a representative of the people I y protesting against ^nnnecewary taxation and taxation in tbe wioog direction. He shou.d mova tbat additional taxation was unnecessary. a be TREASURER (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) felt thst Mr. Ward hud done him injustice in regard to the matter of the £2U0.0l0 to which reference had been made. Those figures had been given to him by tbe Survejoi-Uei-eral as being the amount likely to be receivable from the credit selectors. Their rigbt to pay the last instalment wai due lliis!year, and tbe Surveyor General thought that to the extent of £67,000 out of £367.000 this right would be exercUed. But that was a matter of \- pinion. Mr. Bucdty agreed that a great number would exercise tbe iijiht, but he did not of course I now. He, however, was relying upon the estimate cf tbe Survey Department. If there was a good ' eat op perhaps more than £200,000 would be paid, and if a bad one then- perhaps a good deal leas. There had been a great agitation about reducing the interest on payments deferred from 10 to 8 per cent, owing to its being thought that the farmers would want a renewal, and he was not therefore doing tbe country an injustice in saying that the fanners might do wbat they were entitled to do. He thought many would do so if there was a bad harvest This might also be infl uenced by the fact tbat a man could cow only take up 1,000 acres where before he could bare purchased and taken np more. He bad given as far as be could to tbe Committee his reaion for giving this estimate and for the deductions he hid drawn from tbe figures. On tbe other question be found that tbe hon. member was much more in harmony with the Go vernment than he thought he would be. He wished to make rich men who had large properties pay towaidg the govemment of tbe country, and in that tbe Government were .with him, and the Hill that was being drawn was for that purpose. W hen t be hon. member objected to an Income tax he thoosht he was against the Government altogether; but be found tbey were at one, for unnor tha. scheme the amount paid by the purely industrial cl*e£es would be tmall; tut in seeking to Uc owners of land tbey-felt that »n additional tax ouzht t'* to be put npon them »fo::e, bnt tbat proles lioial men with large income* ihonld pi/ tJO. Some made as much as £3.000 or £1,000 ayear.and imely ;hey should pay » share. (Mr. Ward—'* They do through the Customs.1') That was true, but the landowner paid through the Customs as well. He ?wished to nave those persons with large incomes taxed, but he would be content to raise the mini mum if necessary to JE3CQ a year-(Hear, hear)- as he ssmpathized deeply with tho§e who bad to keep up an appearance on .£250 per annum. He would have to vote against Mr. Ward's amendment for the reasons he had advanced, but if his third reso lution was lost he would further amend, so as 10 iucluJe persons with large incomea and raise the i imit in the case ot smaller ones. The Hon. h. UIADK hoped that the debate would be adjourned. The T&EASUBEB; (Hon. J. P. Boncaut) hoped that the Committee would divide upon the question at that Eitting. They would have taken one sttp in the matter. The Hon. L. GLYDE hoped they were not allowing themselves to pet confused about this matter. By the loss of his amendment the Com mittee had decided that it was not desirable to alter the Customs this year. He thought the Committee had made a mistake in thac He was cf opinion that white there was no need of fresh taxation for taxation sake, it was necessary to readjust the incidence of taxation, and for that he would vote for a property tax. but he did not thick tte Government had a ghost of a chance of p^tiijg an income m. lie did not see liow Mr. AVarii hail reconciled himself to oppose hU motion; but re i^ust oppose the amendment of Mr. Ward, ss be Cui believe that it was necessary to amend iI.l- incitluiiceof taxation. 31r. \Y AKD had acted conscientiously in voting ai-Mii .st Use amendment of the Hon. L. tilyde. Had lie iut it in a form which would have agreed with h- srjitimeutB, be (Mr. Ward) would have voted U-: it, Lut he bad made it absolutely impracticable, lie tfceu^ht he knew a little about the selecsors, ui il he was sure that every man who had cash to (.o'.uplete his purchase would do so. (dear, hear.) He did not think there was a single case where the fce-sm: pie oi the land could be obtained in wuich tic last instalment would not be paid. It had been hinted that this might be a bad harvest. Tte Trtaaurtr tad given one reason, which was that we might have a bad harvest. (An hon. mem ber— 'So we may.') Was it fair to this country, was it jest to a ftcvidence who had given us a good season so far to doubt the continuance of f these blessings? He mi»ht use stronger terms, and be thought be should be justified in doinx so. The Treasurer had used an argument which would have been described as ml cap laudum and something to tickle the eara of the groundlings had he (Mr. Ward) made use of it. He said that he was going to change the tax on incomes from incomes of JL2UU to these of £'MJ in order to catch those legal gentlemen who were making their £2,(00 or jO,l(A) a year, because incomes from property were to be taxed it was no reason why professional incomes should be taxed. It might be asked why they should not pay if tuey irade so much? They did pay through the Customs if they spent ir. or if thty saved and invested it they would be caught through the property tax. If a man who made iS.OWJ a year spent his income te could not avoid contributing to the revenue through the Customs, and if he did so he paid cnouKt). if it were necessary to catch these larger iceeir es he did not see why it was necessary to tax tie lower industrial ones. The Treasurer had said that he must know what he was going to get Lorn the property tax before he could determine what reduction to make in the Customs, ic principle he »ad absolutely wrung. Why was it that the Treasurer had beeu driven to concede a remission cf certain Customs duties! which did not form part of his financial scheme? Not because of a tax on property. but t ciause there were duties that pressed. unfairly on the industrial classes. Then were they to be re mitted in a week because a property tax had been imposed? They had to go through the Customs list and ascertain by their own judgment wtiat it was just and expedient to repeal. After they had ascertained what alterations thty could make CSey could then go and see what they could tuake by a Ux on propei ty. That was the only position which uuuld justify the Treasurer in the new policy he had stated to the House. If they were goiDg to repeal these Customs duties to any considerable ti'.ent they would have to respect those people who had cleared stocks and paid duties on them. Tbey would have to jave them reasonable notics— say Hix months— before they could bring the nro posed alterations into operation. There would then te plenty of time to consider a property tax. There was not a single objection of the Treasurer's th.tt would bold water it it were looked at fairly and calmly apart from ovenuliug party influences. He would eive the Treasurer, if he would accept it, iLat which be believed to be a better policy than hi- own. If at the end of the year he had a deficit, then he would tell him the proper people to go to fur increased . contributions to the revenue were trufee gentlemtn who depastured their stock on the Crown lands forjan insufficient payment. Kvtrj da- 's experience in this country proved that the jAntleruen who held these pastoral leases paid an insufficient amount for the privilege as com t.artil with the value they received. _ Let them Uok at the premiums which were given every day for ruos ottered in the market. (An bun. member —'What about the improve nitntsO Would any hon. member tell him that the valuations of improvements repre sented the »hole of those premiums or even a no ety nf them? There had been no run sold duiiug the last fulf-year the valuations for the improvements etttcted on which could be said to iepresent a nioitiy of the premiums that had been I'aid for the possession of the leases, if con tulerable premiums were paid for the possestion of those leases it was profed clearly that the gentle men who possessed those leases made a merely i rminal payment to the Crown, airl on the prin ciple which all political economists so strongly urscd— that people should contribute to the Bute in proportion to the advantages they derived from it— it was only a reasonable thing to appeal to them. If he waited to weaken the i overnment, if he had a greater liesire to brine public obloquy and reproach on them, he would permit them to carry out their own proposals. If they succeeded that night in inflicting that unjust and unnecessary tax on the people of the country it .would bring the taxgatnercr to almost every poor mau's door— (Uh)— because thank (Jod, there were very few men in the colony so poor as not to be possessed of an income of jt-Oo a year. (Oh, ob, and laughter.) There were very few indeed. (Mr. Playford— ' More than half.'') There were plenty of labouring men who earned £i a week. He bad paid some himself for work fairly done. It might not be so with eight hours men, but there was a class of working men in the com* mucity who were uot afraid to work bo long as tley could on piecework. There were many skilled artisans thus engaged who earned £4 a week. (No.) There was a considerable number —(An hon. member— '.Not one in 50')— and that tleiefore justified his assertion that if the Trea surer by hU Ministerial following and personal in rluercein the House succeeded m carrying his re solutions, and if be brought the taxgatherer to the iloors of a large number of the population of this country for a direct payment to the revenue, which *as absolutely unnecessary, he would be acquiring for himself such a reputation as he would wish to bis living liod he had never eucountered in his life. lOb.) The day would come when he would regret his present action, and it would take twenty of the best remaining years cf hn life to sweep away thi? obloquy he would gain if he sue-' it f tied in imposing this tax. Mr. liY.ES said he did not know that he should have srx-';en again on a question which h.d beea lUaltwr.h so exhaustively were it not for the ex traordinary statements made by the hon. member fur Guireracha. (Hear, hear.) Store deceptive or more unfounded statements had not been made in that Assembly. He maintained, from an intimate knr.wltilgeoftlieskilledartisanciassduringapcriod o; about nine years that there was not a man who was earninp more thin J3 10s. or in very exceptional cues X:i 129. a week. (Hear, hear.) Piecework »as not now tbe order of the day, as a fixed standard wage was fixed by the Union. Two years ago when there was a (treat demand for labour ui.ikiLed labour received 8s. a day. He was quit? sore there was no occasion for the advocac of the hon. member for Gumeracha O' lehalf of the working men and that the w.-uld not thank him for the action he ha1 talan on their behalf. He was convince 1 tb.it the working classes would not be affectei by the resolutions proposed by the Government T..k;i: p the most extreme case he was sure there was not one in a hundred of the skilled artisan class that wfuld be affected by them. (Hear, hear.) Tfrtre was no question, however, that the in cidence nf taxation should hi adjusted with regard to the Customs as affecting the working elates, and that that fact was confessed both inside and outside the House. Although he thonsht there was some degree of reason in the amendment of the bon. member for Victoria, he did not think so with regard to the bon. member for Gumeracha. Until a direct tax was levied and taxation was propetly adjusted it would be impossible for the Government to apply themselves to a read justment of the incidence of taxation. The ton. member had claimed consideration on behalf of the agriculturist. He oersonally respected the acriculturist, and would do all i.c could to place him in a more solvent position: l-i't he maintained that at present the argument w:vs all on the «-!e of the Treasurer, and thit there were concessions which he had not availed himself of. namely, in taking up land in two-square-mile blocks. He had no doubt that eventually they would avail them wives of that privilege. Anticipating the aninment of the hon. member for Oumeracha he asked wme of the farmers who attended the numerous deputation in reference to the rabhit nuisance what their opinion, was in reference to increa-inz' the area of their holdings, and the opinion they jr\ve him w*s that they would avail themselves of the concession that was granted them. The Premier had certainly been consistent in this matter. He introduced taxation three years aso and he did so now. Hon. members had the juthority of every member of the Governmen' that there was perfect unanimity arnonz them in reference to the resolutions, which be must ».iy had been drawn en a most equitable basis. The hon. member, after putting forward the atnicnluirta and the working man as worthy r.f consideration, hut tiivlins that his argu ments rfid not excite the cheers he expect*.-*), ar pealed on behalf of the professional man. He ccuiil only e;iv, as a professional mm receiving g-f metbintr more than JEpcO a year, that he was per M- 1 ctly prepared to pay hU share of any direct taxa « rion that misht be imposed. Indirect taxation winiU only increase that expenditure regarding which ail hon. members were so resretfuL 3lr. BUA.Y hoped that the Treasurer would i l!i.w the House tn resume at that late hour. Tl-- TUKASUREK -Bon. J. P. Boocaut) reiM the H use had been di'cussing ths question for a Tortiufiht. He most auk bon. mem')ers to take the mvmon that ninbt. If the motion were carried Mzsioit him the responsibility lay with hon. ncmbcra. He did rot want to decide alt tbe r'fctorioc?: bat would sMp at those that mj^ht be fairly ccoauttred disennabie. Mr. BRAY did not know one more discussable than that of the hon. member for Gume racha. To take a division that night would be to make hon. members forego the right to discuss the question further. (Xo.) The question ought to be fully discussed. It appeared tu liuu that bcth the hon. member for Victoria anl the hon. member for Gumeracha were wronz in the way they viewed their respective amendments. They absolutely meant the same thing, although expressed in diilerent words. If the Govern ment smuggled their resolutions through that night they would simply have to thark these hon. members for it. He believed that additional taxation was not re quired as additional taxation, but it must be re sorted to if they wanted to reduce the Customs duties. 'Whether additional taxation was necessary or not largely depended upon the additional state ment which the Treasurer had read that day and which had not yet been placed on the table. The Treasurer admitted that tbe papers which had been before them for the last three weeks were incorrect, and he (Mr. Bray) absolutely declined, so far as it was in his power, to give any decision on the question until he had had an opportunity of ex amining the corrected figures. The TEEASUKEK (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) said with regard to tbe figures there was not an hon. member who would be influenced by them one way or the other. The corrected figures showed the balance to be more in his favour. (Mr. Bray— '? Ji o.') For the last week he had been assured by bon. members that they would sit late and decide the question that night, and it was his duty to endeavour to do so, and as they had had a division on the amendment of Mr. tilyde, and the amend ment of Mr. Ward was the same, why not take the division now i Mr. HAKE moved that the Committee divide, which was negatived. Mr. KK1CHAUFF was anxious to assist the Government, but he did not know how he could best do it. He must ask the Treasurer for more than the bald statement that the Surveyor-General expected that only £200. (W0 would be received from the second instalment of the puicbase money of land, and to give some reason for that statement. In former years the f aimers had not only paid the amount due, but more, and last year they paid £17,000 more than was estimated. He would ask trie Treasurer, if they did not finish that night, to answer those questions. (The Treasurer— 'Give me a note of them and I will bring tbe answers down.') What was the actual amount due from the credit selectors during theyearlS77^8 ? What was the amount of pur chase-money for which extension of time was allo -red for one or more years separately during such year, and what was the amount of purchase-money paid in advance daring tbe said year ? It had been said by the Commissioner of Crown Lands that he expected many of the farmers would not be in a position to pay in the present year. It would not be for the reason the hon. member Mr. Kees had stated, because they would take up 1,00 ) acres, for they were only allowed to take up W0 in that part of the country. And in other parts of the country if they did not pay their instal ments under the Act of 1S73 they would have to pay such an exorbitant amount for the extension of time— 8 per cent, for one year, 16 per cent, for two years, and 24 per cent, for three years— that they would not be likely to take advantage of it, and if they came under the Consolidated Act they would have a third instalment to pay of 10 per cent for three years. But as he understood that they would have to pay one-fourth of the purchase money as well, it would make it just as difficult, perhaps even more so, and it would be far better for them to raise tbe money in theopen market, and he was quite lure that the amount estimated to come in for the purchase money was far below what would be received. (Hear, hear.) Mr. COOKE asked the Treasurer to resume. The TREASUKJiK (don. J. p. Boucaut) said as he was pressed by gentlemen on both sides of the House, and he did not wish to savour of anything like what he had been accused of— sulki- nessor obstinacy— he would consent to resume; but this was only a preliminary resolution to ihe introduction of a Hill, and if they took an equal time in discussing it at its subsequent stages it would be March or June next before they would come to a decision. He would be bound to a3k hon. members to sit late and come to a divisiou on Thursday night— (Hear, hear)— and therefore he reluctantly moved that the Chairman report progress. This motion was carried, and the Committee obtained leave to sit again on Thursday next. PAP£KS. The TREASUREK (Hon. J. P. Boucaut) laid on the table— A statement showing revenue and all special receipts and aids to revenue from 1SH7 to 30th June, 1878; also ordinary and special expen diture with foil particulars of the special entries and amounts. Betum showing cost of Select Committees and Commissions. Ordered to be printed. ADJOUKNMEST. The House adjourned at 26 minute3 past 11 o'clock until Thursday next at 2. paTes. Mr. Clyde's Amendment, — For, Mr. Hardy; apainsr, Mr. Magarey. Government Taxation Proposals. — For, Messrs. Fraser and Kounsevell; against, Messrs. Cavenagh and White. ___ ^___ __„ . 