HAMLET. No character in the whole range of tShak sperian personages has occasioned so much ana lytical study of the meaning of the writer, or given rise to such controversial differences amongst learned and scientific disputants as Hamlet, the Prince of Denmark. 'Was Hamlet mad ?' is a question that has been dis cussed orally and by the aid of the. pen almost ad nauseum during the past three centuries, and it does not require that we should attempt to ject. There are no tragedians, great or little, but who at some period of their lives essay the part with more or less success, and therefore it is not surprising that there have beeu very many failures in the presentation of 'the melancholy prince'' upon the stage, ant! only a few. notable exceptions to this rule. The an nouncement that an actor of nuy eminence is to appear in this character will always aucract a large and intelligent audience in Adelaide, and the Theatre Royal was consequently well filled on Wednesday evening, when Mr. Creswick assumed ' the trappings and the suits of woe,' and gave us the benefit of his readiug nud ren dition of the part of the melancholy Ernie. In the first place we should compliment the manage ment upon the very creditable manner in which the play has been mounted, as no pains have been spared to make the scenic and stage accessories appropriate to the occasion, and on the whole the piece has been very well cast, the celebrated tragedian being well sup ported by the other members of the company. Regarded from a broad point of view we must pronounce Mr. Creswick's Hamlet to be a mas terly performance, although it is no more a per fect one than the Hamlet of Kean, Montgomery,. Melville, or Fechter. It approaches more closely to the Frenchman's style than to that of either of the other performers named, because it is more melodramatic in action, and relies more foe effect upon the striking passages in the prin cipal scenes than upon the reasoning out of the physiological question involved in the dialogue of whether Hamlet was or was not mad. We think that Hamlet should not be exhibited to us as a madmau, and we are consequently with Mr. Creswick on this point from the start, but we certainly are of opinion that he should y ive us from the second scene an evidence that he ' has that within which passeth show,' and has weighty reasons to regret that ' the Everlasting had fixed his canon 'gainst self-slaughter.' 249 This Mr. Orcswick did uot do, and consequently did not impress the spectator with the idea that he was melancholy because of his father's death until he had reached the third or fourth ?act of the play. He was, in our opinion, not sufficiently sorrowful, but was matterof fact, and very sane in the first and second acts, with the intention, apparently, of in creasing and buildiug-up the dramatic effect as the piece progressed. Iu his interviews with Rosencrantz and Guildenstern he was most effective, and we do not know that we ever heard the advice to the players so well spoken. If it were for the delivery of these lines alone we would advise any student of elocution to attend the Theatre and take a lesson from Mr. ?Oreswick'8 natural, graceful, aud easy delivery of this short but critical portion of the text, la the play scene the grouping was different to what we have been accustomed (as in Maclise's picture), the tragedy being enacted at the side instead of at the rear of the stage. By this means Hamlet fcices the audience, toys with Ophelia's fan and keeps his eye upon the countenance of the King while the players do their work. The ohauge appears to be a good one, as the Priuce is enabled to cast himself at his mother's fejet -when she questions him upou the meaning of the play, and to grip the arm of the King when lie starts in alarm from his chair. The whole of this scene was well carried out, and won rounds of applause for Mr. Oreswick's fine dis play of histrionic ability. He was again power fully dramatic in the chamber scene with the Queen, but lacking the element of youthf uluess was necessarily less effective iu the tender pas sages with Ophelia. The impersonation as a whole, though not without its blemishes, must take high rank, and be classed as one of the best Hamlets that has been placed before a colonial audience, and the actor well deserved the recalls which greeted him at the dose of each act. Bliss Ashton's Ophelia was a finished and pleasing piece of acting, but the mad scene was scarcely so touching as what we have wit nessed on some other occasions. It would bo too much to expect of Miss Carrie George that she should make herself look old enough to he the mother of Hamlet, but she played the part of the Queen very creditably, ami merited the applause with which she was re- '?? -ceived. Mr. Lawrence was capable as the King, Mr. Martin as Folonius, Mr. Holloway as the Ghost, Messrs. Forbes and Medus as liosencrautz and Guildenstern, and the other characters were fairly sustained. 