COUNTRY LETTERS. TRURO, Match 1. The weather is very dry and hot. The water in al| the tanks is nearly exhausted, and if rain does not come soon we shall be in a fix. The old schoolhouse has been pulled down, and the contractor, Mr. Basedow, is fast getting the material on the ground for building the new one. . The site is a good one, and judging from the plans it will when finished be an ornament to the township. "We hope before long to see the new Post and Telegraph Office in course of erection. NAIENB, March 12. Lsst week several females were very nearly terrified out of their wits by a "ghost" seen several nights consecutively, and this week the performance still continues. The impersonator of the ghost has not yet been trapped, but some smart hands are on the look-out. If they catch him woe betide him! On Monday, March 11, tea and public meetings .in connection with the anniversary of the Wesleyan Sunday-school were held here. Both were well attended, and the proceeds amounted to about £11. The Revs. T. C. Laurence and H. T. Pope delivered appropriate addresses in the evening, and on the previous day (Sunday) the Bev. Mr. Laurence preached a sermon to his congregation, in which he earnestly recommended a stricter observance of Christian duly and a more frequent attendance at Sunday prayer meeting. The late rains have been followed by sultry and threatening weather, and there are indi cations of more rain. WATERLOO, March 13. The late rains have done a great deal of good in this neighbourhood, but more would be ac •ceptable. Ophthalmia is still very prevalent in the dis trict, especially amongst children. Our public schools are being much affected by the removal of settlers generally to the areas. Two have been closed—one at Tothill's Belt and the other at Steelton. The attendance at the school in tlie_ township has been reduced from §5 to about 35, and many German children have been withdrawn to the German school for sec tarian teaching On Monday, March 4, a promising lad about 11 years of age, the youngest son of Mr. Hameisttr, fell from the inside of a building, while he was assisting in thatching it, on to some stones. He was attended by Dr. Walls, who was of opinion that he had sustained frac ture of the base of the skull. He lingered till Saturday, the 9th inst., and was buried on Mon day last. Our Institute has just received a grant of 45 well-selected volumes from the South Austra lian Institute, which is to form a nucleus for our library. It is to be hoped the neighbour hood will avail itself of the opportunity thus afforded for mental recreation and improvement. TELOWIE, March 7. The rains which fell at the beginning of the week have proved of incalculable benefit to the farmers, and ploughing and grubbing are now being carried on in real earnest. The soakage has been very considerable, the water having penetrated some of the hardest soil in this neighbourhood to the depth of 7 or 8 inches. The bay is at present a beautiful sight, there being in it as many as six large ships loading breadstuffs. They will take a long time to load, as it is a long distance from Port Pirie to the anchorage and is a great deal nearer this place or Mount Fergus son. If there was a jetty greater expedition would be given to shipping. But vested interests have and will continue to carry the day. 1 fancy the Commissioner will soon have an additional claim for the land funds to be expended in clearing the road from here to Port Pirie, for beyond what the settlers have done themselves no provision lias been made for repairing it. LYNDOOH VALLEY, March 13. Who is to be the " coming man" to represent the District of Barossa is the question of the hoar. Mr. Basedow's position seems certain, but it is doubtful who will be his colleague. How much longer will it be before the urgently-needed deviation, on the Lyndoch and Williamstown -road is commenced? Months have passed since the vote of £1,000 was made, and beyond a lot of squabbling about paltry details up till now nothing, absolutely nothing, has been done, and I suppose until there is a "regular row in the house" nothing will be attempted. It is decidedly hot, but we seem to enjoy an immunity from serious consequences beyond some cases of ophthalmia. Trade seems to be dull, and I think money must" be tight," at least everybody up this way, I believe, would rejoice if there was more of it in circulation. Farmers have not done very well this season, and many are clearing out for " fresh fields and pastures new." Children seem to be plentiful—that's hopeful for Aus tralia. STRATHALBYN, March 13. On Sunday the anniversary services of the Wesleyan Chapel here were held. The Rev. J. B. Stephenson preached morning and evening, and the Rev. J. F. Henderson in the afternoon, to large congregations. On Monday a public tea was held at the Commercial-road Assembly room, and a public meeting at the chapel in the evening, presided over by the Rev. Saml. Knight. Addresses were given by the Chair man, the Revs. Stephenson, Henderson, Bevis, Edwards, and others. The total proceeds amounted to ahont £2110s. CLARENDON, March 13. It appears that Clarendon has not been blest with that abundant rainfall that has favoured other parts of the colony, nevertheless we have had a nice drop and very providentially extin guished the fires burning in and around Clarendon. Four fires have occurred in the neighbour hood of Clarendon in one week—one at Dash wood's Gully, another at Mount Bald, and another at Happy Valley. An inquest was held on March 11 by Mr. Josiah Partridge, J.P., on the fire that occurred on March 2 at Happy Valley, by which a great deal of fencing, feed, and cut-up wood was destroyed. Several wit nesses were exami'ed, but no clue could be obtained, and the Jury returned a verdict that the fire broke out in Mr. Norrise's quarry, and was caused by some person or persons unknown. On Monday evening, March 4, about 8 o'clock, a fire broke out in the grass (supposed to be caused ky the lightning) near to Mr. P. White's fence. The fence soon ignited, and such an illumination was caused in the township that a great number of hands were soon at work at it. It, however, destroyed Messrs. White and Eabbington's fences. RrvEE News.—The following were the heights of the rivers at the localities mentioned as re ported' at the Telegraph Office on Taursday, mramTi 14: Darling—Wentworth, 3 ft. 6 in.; Brewarrina, 8 ft., rising slowly; Bourke, about 12 ft., falling- Murray—Echuoa, 4 ft. above summer level; Huston, 2 ft. 9 in., falling. Murrumbidgee—Hay, 3 ft. 6 in., falling ; B&l; ranald, 4 ft.; Wagga, 1 ft. 9 in., stationary. The River Barwon is rising and the Naomi falling. MELROSE, March 7. The anniversary of the Loyal New Melrose Lodge, I.O.O.F., M.U., was celebrated on Thurs day, March 7. The brothers met at the Lodge room, and in procession walked to the church at 11 a.m., where the Rev. H. Williams conducted the service and gave an excellent address on " Oddfellows and Kindred Societies." The brethren then followed the remains of a brother, Mr. W. Jennings, to the Cemetery. Mr. Jennings had fallen a few days ago from the scaffolding of the new mill being erected here and broken his leg, wtiich had to be amputated, and he succumbed shortly after the operation. At 2 p.m. the sports commenced on the reserve in the township, with the subjoiued result:— Boys under 16,100 yards, J. George, 12s. 6d.; J. Brown, 7s. 6dL Melrose Oddfellows, 150 yards, W. Heam, 24s.; J. McCnish, 10s. 6d. Running high jump, W. Heam, 21s.; Warrior, 7s. 63. 220 yards, all comers. Ball, 42s.; Adams, chain mid locket; W. Player, 15s. Running hop, step, and jump, Robinson, 10s. 6(L, 38 feet 10 inches. Five jumps, hurdles, 200 yards, Fitzpatrick, 30s.; Boll, 10s. 6d. Three-legged race, 50 yards, Bull and Fitz patrick, £l; Kinnear and Hanrahan, r< s. (3d. 100 yards handicap, Bull, 21s.; Fitzpatrick, 10s. 6d. Sack race, 70 yards, Hanrahan, 10s. 6d.; HcCuish, 5a. Three standing jumps, Heam, 31 feet 10 inches, 12s. 6d.; McCuish, 5s. Oddfellows, all comers, 150 yards, handicap, Bull, 30s.; Player, 10s. 6d. Consolation btakes, for all runners beaten during meeting, 120 yards, handicap, Smith, 21s.; Yates, 10s. 6d.; Warrior, 5s. At 6 p.m. dinner was provided by Host Smith, of Moran's Hotel, to which abont 40 persons sat down. Mr. F. J. Whitby, JJP., presided, while Mr. B. G. Williams filled the vice-chair. The toasts usually given on such occasions were drank, and the evening's entertainment was enlivened with some good singing, the whole concluding with a ball. VICTOR HARBOUR, March 14. Surveyors from the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties' Department are here surveying and laying out a line Of railway from the present line, along the shore of the island to Douglas Point, preparatory to the beginning of the breakwater. Tenders have been received at the Government Office for widening the present wharf—a work very much needed to facilitate the discharging of vessels. Mr. A. H. Landseer, of Milang, is building on Granite Island a large store for receiving cargoes, and has also had erected a woolpress for dumping wcol. 