THE LATE REV. P.; MACLAREN, On Sunday:-morning, . July 14, Professor Davidson preached a. ; funeral sermon on the late Bev.-. Maelaren :ja. the Presbyterian Church, Poj-£ Adelaide, of • which it will be remembered jtfr. MpcWenwas pastor. Tbe Bev. Professor basest htejdifkouj^e V on the words, " Mark^ the- peefecj; ijian,'; and behold ihe upright, for the^ -eniLjof ' that loan is peace"—Words, he said,.whi<3i xxwucred-totem directly he beard of :his friers 74ea£h, and which he thought fittingly-;. - described , *his character. In the course of his remaps Professor. Davidson said—? Mr. MaclareUfc.function -was to expound the Scriptures, and he did so carefully,/ being aided'/by * a .singular clearness of vision. In his public works they saiir iow he carefully ctittadered the. thoughts which were required to be put before those whom be addressed. " His volume entitled 'The Glory of the Holy GhostVsras full Oft BUggestiveness. It was written! before he left England, and" it laid down the lines distinctly in which his mind continually ran. - in that work, and later in the ?" Seven.' Topics of Haiti),' he exhibited a consideration of tone which was rarely found in the theologian.; He looked upon him as a master theologian—one who was not only devout in his speculations, but . thoroughly philosophical. One. characteristic thespeaker had constantly admired, namely, that he did not shrink from any result of honest thought. He drew a line beyond whieh it was not desirable . to - push enquiry,. • and beyond which he btlieved ther mysteries of the unknown must be. In that direction he was not content with a mere.'formula. Doubtless had he returned -to carry out the work be had laid out for himself,'he-would have entered into those great questions w hieh were being discussed at home, and which must; at BO great distance of time occupy. attention here, arid his views would have beeii valuable to the coleny." At the Port Adelaide Congregational Church" and at the Alberton Baptist Church allusion was also made to Mr jMaclareu's death by the Bev. M.M.Dick and the" Bev. M. Lloyd, both of whom expressed, the high personal esteem they had for the. deceased. At:" tile Presbyterian Church. Flinders - street,. the Bev. ~J. Lyail, at the close of.. bis sermon in the morning, referred to the death of the Bev. P, Maclaren, and said— " This is not the place to attempt any lengthened delineation of his .character. No doubt that will be done satisfactorily -elsewhere. Tet I cannot help saying that his loss is no common one. ' There are' few tiaien whose place it'will be more difficult to fill: "He Was a fiian of; high intellectual, power, of varied' learning, wi'd of profound spirituality of mind. With a - keen piercing glance he had surveyed all the .great questions of theology. .He knew the difficulties which have been "raised by the criticism and philosophy of' the age, but he waS perfectly satisfied with the grcmd' old evangelical doctrines. In them his own spirit found rest, and he proclaimed them to " others in no hesitating tones.^ He ' was a man, moreover, With a siiigulafly. : well-balanced ' mind, upon whose caidour and, impartiality you could always dgjJend:';. I can bear testimony-to ihe conscientiousness with which he attended to the business'of Presbytery. Often "he' was in a state of rmidh bodily weakness and'suffering, yet he uniformly gave'ihe closest attention to -the matters whjch came before us for deliberation, and his opinions i: always earned -the •greatest weijght.with his brethren. Ho was ever %eady to rehder help to 'tjtbers,- frequently .with his exhausted frame doing'-the work 'of a strong man. There ckn be no doubt ' that the great principle which fired his soul was i love to his gracious Mssteri and. that constrained him to labour tilth afl'his might, and made him ' regret that he, could not work mqre efficiently." 