NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. A dwelling-house on Gundaroo station, Giuin derra, has been burned to ashes, by way, it is supposed of reprisals for impounding. A wild turkey has been shot four miles from Bathurst, which measured C feet 2 inches from wing tip to wing tip, aud weighed 20j lbs. Two of the largest iron workshops in Sydney, which have been closed for months past will shortly be re-opened by Victorian capitalists. The Orange (Western Advocate) states that a kangaroo slut, the property of Captain Heathcote, a few days ago gafe birth to a litter of no less than nineteen puppies, all well formed and apparently healthy. Black Glass, the notorious aboriginal, has been fully committed by the Cooma Beuch of Magistrates to take his trial at the next Goulburn Assizes, which commence on the 8th of next month, upon two separate charges—one of stabbing his wife aud step-daughter, and the other of committing a criminal assault upon the latter. We (Newcastle Herald) understand that .£150,000 has been subscribed by influential merchants in Sydney for the purpose of starting a new morning newspaper. The delay in commencing operations arises from the fact that a general business manager and editor cannot be procured in the colonies. Carle llanchc has been offered to any competent man in England. A letter has been received by Mr. Robert S. Swanston, now in Sydney, whose name is wellknown in connection with Polynesia affairs, from Sir A. II. Gordon, Governor of Fiji, and High Commissioner of Polynesia, and to lie stationed at Samoa. The salary is fixed at between £500 and £600 a year, together with fees. It is to be presumed that Mr Swanston will fulfill the duties of the late Mr. Liardet as Consul at Samoa. Last week a policeman from Burrowa, named Egan, came into Yass and, we (Yuss Courier) understand, tendered his resignation to his superior oilicer He went, or pretended to go, to bed that night, but was missed on the next morning from his quarters, and although search was made, and the different telegraphic wires were brought into operation, he has baffled the vigilance of his " brethren in blue," and no clue can be obtained of his whereabouts. He has a wife and family of grown-up children in Burrowa. The following is a copy of a special notice which appears in the Government Gazette dated " Department of Lands, 11th March," and signed by the Premier :—" With a view to give effect to the resolution passed bj 7 the Legislative Assembly, on the 2Gth ult., it is hereby notified that members of the said Assembly who practise the profession of land agents will not be permitted to communicate with the Lands Minister or any of the ollicers of the Department of Lands, either personally or in writing, in the capacity of such land A large, influential, and enthusiastic meeting of the inhabitants of Iuverell and the surrounding districts was held last week, presided over by the Mayor (Mr. W. Swanson). Mr. Ross, J.P., Mr. Gibson, J.P., Mr. Cooper, J.P., and Messrs. Woods, Mahoney, Moore, Hughes, Nicholas. Mayne, and others spoke ardently in favor ol the route by Manilla, Barraba, and Inverell, and thence to the Queensland border, as beins by far the most central, profitable, rich and fertile route for a main trunk line. A committee was formed, and resolutions unanimously passed, to get up a petition, together with statistics of the entire route advocated, to be sent to Mr. Dilion for presentation to Parliament. One of the beneficial results of the gradual development of trade between this port and the Fijis, and the consequently frequent communica tion with the islands, is the arrival of large quantities ot Fijian fruits. All the productions of the islands are now to be had in any quantities all over the city. The peculiarly rich flavor of these makes tliem acceptable above'all other descriptions they arc sold cheap for a few days after the arrival of the steamer. They were hawked about the city early last week and sold at 6d. and 3d. per dozen. It is worthy of remark that the consumption of fruit in Sydney is becoming very much greater, while the consumption of meat is decreas ing. The following letter appears in the Queenslander on the subject of the " Divining Rod" for the discovery of water :—Sir,—As the subject of discovering water by the divining rod is a«ain attracting attention, I am desirous of statin" that some ten or twelve years ago water was discovered by that means in severil instances in dry blocks of country back from the Billabong, Riverina. The operator in those instances was a boy, whose" services were for a time in great request by the settlers in the district At that time I looked on the whole affair much in the same light as I now do on spiritism, and consequently paid little attention to it. Perhaps there may be some amongst your readers who were in Riverina at thp time and may thus be able to give fuller information' on the subject.—Yours, &c.;, P. R. GORDON. The Goulburn Herald gives the following ghost story :—Lately there has been some excitement amongst the superstitious, numbers of whom go off in parties, with guns, &c.;, to the range above Stewart's garden, where there is an unfinished stone house, llcre an apparition is said to make its appearance in the form of a light, and to travel sometimes very slowly, and frequently very quickly, from the river bank just below, up to and around the house, then varying the performance . ; —.'-"n permi'iuiiucc by a run anion" the trees. This is said tn he kept up from an early hour in the evening until about 3 in the morning; all endeavors to get near the light are said to prove futile. On Monday evening a number of persons visited the vicinity, and a group congregated oh Church-hill to viow the light, which it is said was plainly visible, though the distance is considerable. The residents of the Old Township and near the range are satisfied that there is no practical joke about the affair. A telegram states the recent visit of Mr. Stanley, Chief Engineer of Railways in Queensland, to Syduey was partly to arrange the future oint of connection of the intercolonial railway, E[e ascertained the intention of the New South Wales Government to carry the northern line in the direction ot Tenterfield. Mr. Stanley therefore proposes ti carry the Queensland Extension by following closely the old Ballandean Road a distance of twenty-four miles from Stanthorpe, and making the extension from Tenterfield to the junction station on the border eleven miles. The general line of route is thus decided. Mr. Whitton sends an officer to accompany Mr. Stanley on his tour of inspection in the country, with a view to arrange details. Considerable excitement of a pleasurable nature occurred yesterday (says the Mudgec Post of Friday) in the vicinity of the Church of England (St. John's) through the ceremony which united the daughter of our esteemed Police Magistrate (Mr. W. D. Meares) to Mr. Beauchamp Stacy, manager of the Commercial Bank here. The number of people present during the ceremony, performed by the Venerable Archdeacon Guuther, assisted by the Rev. F. W. Stretton, was a gratifying proof of the high estimation in which the happy couple are held. The musical portions of the services were admirably rendered by Miss Patterson, the Rev. Mr. Stretton, and Mr. R. H. D. White; and as the bride and bridegroom left the church, a number of their juvenile friends strewed their path with flowers. The authority vested by the Government in Mr. John Macintosh, M.P., to receive and deal with applications for free passes by rail has heeu transferred to a hoard consisting of the Inspector- General of Police and the Immigration Agent, and applications arc to be made in future at the office of the Inspector-General. We are given to understand that the new board received about a score of applications on the first day they acted, and less than one- fourth of these were considered deserving of the charity they asked. The opinion appears to be pretty generally entertained that this free-pass system has been greatly abused,find that it ought to l>e done away with altogether. The condition attached to each pass that the fare is expected to bo paid for when the recipient of the pass is in a position to do so is a hollow I apology and a very transparent cloak for a charity that mvites imposition. Not one single individual receiving a "credit" pas6 has ever, so far as we can learn, paid for it. It is to be hoped that, 60 long as the system is allowed to remain in force, the gentlemen who have been commissioned to investigate the genuineness of applications will take every precaution to avoid imposition. The Goulburn people can at last be congratulated upon having the necessary money voted by Parliament, for the removal of their gaol. It has for years been a source of annoyance, and indeed a nuisauceto the city, for the'drainage has in- jured the water supply for the use of the inhabitants. In addition to this the gaol executions have been of a public character, for the unfortunate culprits, swinging for their crimes, were plainly visible to children en route to school, and by the people generally in the streets. We understand that it is the intention of the Government to erect the new gaol at the old township police barracks, which will afford an easy outlet tor all sewage matter. The respective amounts voted are for gaol £25,000 and £2500 for new lock-up—the last named structure to be erected near present police barracks near Sloane- street. In addition to these amounts the long contemplated bridge over the Wollondilly, tS cost say £o000, was agreed to last week. For these gifts the people of Goulburn are chiefly indebted to tlie tactics of their senior member, Mr. Teece assisted by Mr. Davies. ' It is (says the Sanwan Times of February M our painful duty to chronicle the death of Mr. E A. Liardet, H.B.M. Consul for Samoa, which took place early on Sunday morning, aftera very short illness. The deceased gentleman took to his bed on Saturday, the 2nd February, suffering apparently from very httleelse thana slight weaknL, and continued so, showing no alarming svinntoma t h ° 18th Sbbht ° f Fridaj ' Towards 1, b - ec f * ue un ®° nec iouB, and appeared to be gradually sinking, which continued till 6?m on Sunday, the 10th instant, when hebrelthed his last. When the sad intelligence w T S S out ,t took everyone by surprise? and threwK a gloom over the town. Every fU both and afloat, was lowered half-mist hkn eltetu became known. The funeral took plawat 4n m on the same day, and was followK even-foreignerin the town, besides thenSs who have been for some time under the protection of the British flag at the consulate, vh 0 were des rousof showing a last tribute of resnect to their departed friend. The German and America^ Consuls were both there. 1I11MR S ™ having arrived in harbo at 1 =jjm ^ G o ' 0 iivZ ^ 1 ? b ° a, ' d - the ™ attended by the Governor's private secretary nnd aSe decamp as his representatives, and several officers of the ship, including Captain Murray. In conse quence of Mr. Liardet havintr bt'on n t • - in the Navy, a firing ^ S t ' o n " X T S that the unfortunate gentleman miM.? Y„ i . • ? with the usual honL Liardet leaves behind a wife and c h i l d ' large circle of friends, to mourn thtr lo^ " "Agriculture in New South Wales" is thoHHn of an essay published in pamph t 2 f farmer who discourses in a readable man,™ con cermng the future prospects and l.rnsZ i^ r?? of agriculture in tllis cLny. tEc wriL^wK 1 18 evidently not without experience , 2 the soil "is not fairly treate Smt dfi'" 8 yielded is taken frW £tlit S i ,o rIS, ^ ""Si Sl^ak ng of the farme", L " From the beginning until now, all the H/,~ hat has been raised has been atthe e L E „r the land; every bushel ol corn, eveVv ton nf i. every pound of wool, flesh, bonUSol V / ^ produce, has lessened the power continue its productiveness. And y e U ^ ^U 1 I ' I the country is in a flourishing wndition. a^dTrfs too soon yet to begin tb manure." The'writer also censures the farmers for not paying attention to drainage, and Is of opinion that smaller farms well cultivated would tend more to the unfenced, and treated in a slovenly manner. He 6tates that colonial farmers are eighteen centuries behind the times, and quotes from Virgil to prove this assertion. There area few passages lathe essay which maybe regarded as a little too swfecning. For instance, the writer Bays of the Sydney exhibitions: "Do nottheyerycentreand bu£ roundings of our great annual exhibition ehow at one glance that it is an exhibition for the grazier and the manufacturer, and for all industries but pure agriculture !" In this mattter the writer must know the central Agricultural Society is not in fault. It invites the farmer to compete and show his farm produce and implements. If these are not displayed, who iB to bear the blame ? However, the essay is well meaning, and, although the writer is a little too captious, should prove ot great service to those engaged in rural pursuits. The Newcastle Pilot reports that on Tuesday week an elderly man named Ayliffe, a coal-miner in comfortable circumstances, resident at Tighe's Hill, attempted to down himself by deliberately walking into the deepest part of Throsby's Creefi. The occurrence happened about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and a short time previously A.vliffe had been seen walking in one of the streets of the township by Mr. Robson, J.P., apparently .under the influence of liquor. About half an hour later Mr. Robson heard that a man had attempted to drown himself in the creek at the realr of his [ residence, and on going to the spot foUnd the unfortunate to be Ayliffe, who had just been taken out of the water in an apparently inanimate state. It appears that Mr. Lindsay, of Tighe's Hill, whilst engaged repairing a boat which lay moored in the creek, noticed Ayliffe approach the margin of the water with his hat off and look (urtivcly around. Mr. Lindsay was too far off to notice anything very suspicious about the man's state, but he nevertheless kept bis eye upon hiui lor some time, until, concluding matters tp be all right he proceeded with his work. Looting up again, however, a few minutes later, be missed Ayliffe from the bank, and noticeda body nearilr totally submerged, out in the middle of thecreek Mr. Lindsay at • once made . for . the . spot) and found Ayliffe face downward in the water, quite unconscious. Mr. Lindsay tried to get the body out but the stream being very deep, and the bottom rough, found it impossible to do so unaided He then called for help, which, fortunately, was near at hand ; and then, with the assistance of Mr. Cook and others, Ayliffe was got ashore. When laid upon the bank, hardly a sign of life could be perceived, and it was feared that his rash intention had been fulfilled ; but, nevertheless, vigorous efforts to restore animation, by rubbing the body and administering brandy, were resorted to, and at last, with a favorable result. After a while Ayliffe spoke, and asked for a drink of water, but his physical prostration was 80 great that he again relapsed into a state of unconsciousness. The necessity for medical aid then became apparent, and he was wrapped in blankets and carried to a house hard by. Although Ayliffe had been drinking it is probable that a recent bereavement had disturbed his mind, his wife having died after great suffering from an incurable disease, leaving a large family behind her. A somewhat curious collection of relics connected with the days that were rife with robbery and violence m the western district were " unearthed at the courthouse, Bathurst, on Friday, lhese relics (the Bathurst Titties says) principally consisted of single and double barrelled guns, pistols revolvers, powder-flasks, cap-boxes,swords and other articles—the whole of them, at one time or another, taken from men, some of whom have paid with their lives the penalties of their crimes, and others of whom are still undeigotog sentences. Ihe list of articles was as follows:—18 singlebarreled and 5 double-barrelled guns, 26 singlebarrelled and 6 double- barrelled pistols, 5 revolvers, 10 powder-horns, 2 bayonets, 3 swoids, a prisoners" chain, and 12 pairs of handcuffs. Among the firearms were a gun and two pistols ttiat were taken from Dr. Peareon, alias Rutherfoid, w ho was sentenced to death at Bathurst for shooting a man, and who is now undergoing a life sent h - 8 , The « were gui£ that had onca been in the hands of Larry Cummins, who b ^ f f f °, r ^ngiug, and vhT'twice ° po\ afterwards ; of RichaidNorton, t 1 S r ° bber; George Gibson, alias Paddy lom, who was sentenced to death in April, 1865, for murder at PyramuL There was the weapon was u hnn/Su « PP°9ed to have been in the t h * ruftl ? n who first shot Rarev near burut h « kody ; and there also wTll lm n" Wbl ,° h «r? 8 l'^uc^at the trial of del «f ™ ? n ld A 1 c h , ?"' a ^ ^th the mur- MWtaUc Codri Then^ n « kltl ^ Wyadgon Hill, of oL n a:? me a r 6S , a P i8to1 fou "4»» possession o one Bailey, who shot Ah Paek at Tambaroora aiS^ weapon •which had been in the lands ol the notorious Dunn, who exoiated tbC 6Caf t n T o u f ? ld = ^oSer p i U C T " Chinaman who shot Sergeant Ward, thaVSofo?T l8 r Lan « cd i " o ft Jistol antlv f c who was so 1 hot down b^ub ;I»«Pector Stephenson, and " bulldog'n;^ ldeS e . there was* a number of busses Tr?i 8 ,' 6 ?! Ue witU ^rrcls likeblUndere S s Swv 'f 1 was au ? accumulation of E X i o'V {wt y J' ear «. Mid was gathered from^he noHAP .i' 30 '^1 ^^cps, whob£retired . n, S it fif,' 1 . d wh °<* last act in connection of tlle i)a8t to S^" ^ g6a,lt Cas station e y> of ^c local police \ a Lan d Ver the8e relic8 ° 