MELBOURNE. (EROM OUR OWN COBUESPOXDENT.) Monday Evening. The Cabinet and Executive Councils met to-day, but the business transacted at each was to a great extent of a private and rou tine character. I understand that, despite the novel attraction of the Hospital Ball, the Budget will be, without doubt, delivered on Wednesday night next, and that the prin cipal feature of it will be the saving which the Government.effected by the cdict which reduced the Civil Service. It will be con tended that the Service has not been im paired in efficiency, while its cost has been very considerably reduced, and the extension of the railway system, to which the Govern ment has pinned its faith, will be partly pro vided for by the Loan Bill. Au unexpected sensation was famished to day at the meeting of the Lands Commission, when Mr J. J. Walsh, of Temple Court, brought under the notice of the Commis sioners certain chargcs which lie had pre ferred against Mr A. C. Allan, a snrvoyor iu the employ of the Lands Department, of acting as a dummy for squatters in selecting valuable blocks of laud on their account, and subsequently transferring the same to them. A number of instances were ex pressed in writing respecting certain different parcels of land whioh it was alleged Mr Allan had either selected or caused to be selected by others, he paying for the im provements on the same, and which had subsequently been transferred to those squat ters to whem they were of the greatest value. An investigation into the circum stances was demanded by Mr Walsh, and the-Board, of which Mr O'Hea was the Chairman, decided to hear Mr Allan's evi dence on tho subject this day week, the assistance of counsel being refused to him. Mr Allan stated that he had previously fully answered all the chargca in a report to the Department. The Adelaide football team arrived to-day, with the intention of playing the first contests between the sister sou them colonies on Satur day and Monday next. They were warmly welcomed, aud two well-appointed four horae drags conveyed them triumphantly through the principal streets of the city. Strangers in Melbourno would have thought that a sudden revival in mining had taken place if they had judged by tho aspeot of tho Verandah to-day. At one time there must have been at least 400 persons present, but the fact that Collins-street was the rendez vous for settling on the V.A.T. Club races explained tho unusaal circumstance. One of the most peculiar horse acci dents I ever witnessed happened to-day, when a powerful animal which had be > como detached from harness came at full pace down Queen-street, and instead of continuing the even tenor of his way or swerving into Collins-street, for which there was plenty of room to spare, he made a determined effort to burst up the Union Bank. Your corre spondent avoided him in the nick of time by about a couple of feet, and had the dis agreeable duty of sitting upon his head until ho gave up tho ghost, in despair of having failed in a futile effort to accomplish a feat iu attempts at which so: many liumans have in various countries and ages unsuccessfully preceded him. I only men-. tion the fact now because'it is singular that two attacks should be made upon banks in the same day-tho one by my unsuccessful equine friend, since deceased, on the Union ; tho other by the Sheriff's officers, who are still alive and hearty, on the National. . Mr Robert Taylor, of the late iv^ell-known Burton and Taylor combination," has con sulted Judge Noel as to the state of his affairs; assets, £6 ; liabilities, i'597 Is. I am afraid tlio assignee will not reap a harvest. A meeting of the Victorian Farmers' Asso ciation was Iield this afternoon, at which there wa3 a limitel attendance. The ob jects of the meeting wero to protest against tlio present tax upon machinery required for agricultural purposes, and upon bags for re t.iining grain when winnowed. After a slight discussion upon questions that have been so often dealt with in and out of Par liament, an adjournment until to-morrow was agreed to. Although I am not in a position at present to denote tlio exact locale of the discovery of a new coalfield in Tasmania, yet I am in formed that such is about to bo proved, and that to the full satisfaction of those who. havo so long identified themselves with the mineral and geological deposits of that island. 