^^'i;^n'-fi0r?' ' is j«uura pBAifi. ??'' '.-' '..?; .. , - flgAPmR.^pax. ,, ..., Otten hare these Caffrarian episodes come back to me in my dreams, caasli'lK °-e to start _anci -^ake ?witliTiorror -nd affright ; ter again I seem ti- see the biavrayand naked lornis, bo ii«je, so sinewy, feathers, their pleamiDg eyes and eharpset teeth ; . and I seem also frrhear thel* jells, with tbe -Jrack of the rifla Mid the' hiB8 of the launched assegai, in m y tlreamy ear. And Adrian Africander and the i day in the chasm often come in those visionf of the j night, and -the black ingratitude of this ' niiui «nd ' brotber,' as Hie preacbars would call him, was in- * deed bitt»r as the Trinte* wind, though fearfully ? avenged at last ' 'Whether it was the fierce impatience of Tonga's men, or that they were bad marksmen, I know not ;.bnt, thank hanren, airtbeif shots' fell wide of J the mark, and untouched by them, I paddled my ' craft, which was filling fast, towards a rocky * islet, and fcad barely reached that spot and swung * myeelf by the braocli of a drooping tree upon dry land, -when the roll of bark which had so well « served my purpose filled with water and sank - slowly out of eight. j The islet was a mere rock, about a quarter oE an . acre in extent, but covered with rerdure, Sox there J the snowy jasmine, tbe blue plumbago, and the j pink geranium were all growing together, and Hie , place was literally aiive with wild dores, which ' rose into the air like a white cloud, andflew lither ' and thither with affright when the muskets from the bank I had quitted opened fire upon me, send- ? ing streaks of red fire and spouts of white smoke outof the green jungle and mangroves, while the ] reports rang in the welkin, and the round bullets starred the rocky face of the isle. ? ] Bathed in perspiration, for the heat of the day ) was intense n.ud overpowering, I lay down on my i face under cover of the rocky crest of the place, and selecting one or two (iiffres whose woolly caputs were more prominency visible than othors for a quiet shot, I sent a pair of conical rifle balls at them, and bad the satisfaction to see them t»ss up their black hands, and tumble over with n yell j that indicated agony and fear. The men of tbe cbiof, Vonsa— wno, like Mariqua, ' never sought concealment, but rode about gesticu- ' lating and exposed to my fire, of which they ' evidently had no fear— manifested no intention of swimming off to the isle. Perhaps tl:ey were deterred by the presence of two huge hippopotami I j each weighty as live or sis oxen, whom the sound of the firing had brought out of the tall herbage of the fens and the muddy ooze of the river One of. those enormous and most repulsive-looking brutes? ?with a brown and hairless body fully fourteen feet long, kept wading close by tbe islet, as if to bar any attempt I might make to escape on the south ern side. I dtired not trust myself to attempt the passage by swimming; my skill in that art was small, and with an infuriated hippopotamus cIobb to one's skirts, tbe idea was not to be put in practice. Be sides, it would be most perilous for me to have tny rifle and small stock of ammunition wetted by water. How was I to pass the night, and how tbe suc ceeding day? If long detained on the isle there was every prospect of my being starved to deatli ; so now I found mysel f in a predicament fully more awkward than when besieged by tbe Amapondason the nameless roclc in the plain. Had my frail bark but borne me fairly across, I might yet, though afoot, have reached some settlement or larger vill 'if I had been aware that, though broad, the Orange Biver was there remarkably shallow, I would have made an attempt to have forded it in the face of all their musketry ; but I knew nothing of this till about sunsst, when the »urple slmdn-ws were felling upon its crimsoned flow, nod a wild ciy of joy involuntarily escaped me on beholding— A party of our own 12th Lancers, who, with all tlfrir red and white swallow-tailed banneroles fluttering gaily in the wind, white linen puprgerees tied round their caps, and in their gay uniform blue faced with scarlet— dashed at o rapid trot down to the river's edge, where they speedily ex tended in skirmishing order, and with their short carbines, which they carried unslung, with the butt resting on the right thigh, they opened a rattliDg fire upon the men of Vonprn, who immediately mounted and fled, carrying off with them Ifariquo, whom I never saw .more, and certainly bad no desire to see. . . 'There is a white man on the rock in tlio nver, cried a voice in English, which came most smsetly, and as mteic to my ear, showing that they had seen or discovered me. -,.,*. ? I have been a prisoner, and escaped, cried I joy ? With vonr life ? Well, by Jove ! th at is a ?wonder !' 'replied the officer in command ? What force nro you ?' I asked. ' Her Majesty's 12th Lancers' ' So I see, sir ; but are other troons at hand p* ? Yes. A great field force is coming on fast. We are the advance guard ot the army, under his Excellency the Governor-General in person. Are the Caffires in force beyond you?' 'No. Are you marching against Sandtfli ?' ? He was used up long ago. We are moving against Aloslieesh, the great Basuto chief, and cross the OraugeHiver to-night' , . ?Bat bow?' ? By fording it.' ' 3s' it so shallowP' I asked .with astonishment, 'Our engineers say so.' . . On hee.ring this I at once rushed into the stream, . which came nearly up to my armpits, and forgetting all about iiie two riverhorses. gained in safety the other side, where the wondering lancers gathered Aboutme. ' Peeing the miserable aspect I presented, the officer kindly gaye me some cognac from »'8 flask,' ana pKoffere'd his cigar case, a luxury lwas not slow in accepting. ? ? ? ' ' Are flie '4th Highlanders with you ?'l asked. ' Yes : and the 2nd, or Queen's Own, too.' ?Clarice, Clariiie,' thought I with joy; 'then I shall have tidings ot you from Douglas at last.' And already Tier soft smile, lie* pale beauty, and her dark but lovelit eyes, seemed to come be ' Well, my friend, how Jone have you been in the hands of thosB cunfourided niggers?1 asked the officer, a handsome young fellow, eyeing me with much interest aud commiseration, but through his glass, nevertheless. ? Since the storming of the Amatolas.' ' In the month of June ?' 'Good heavens! and this is dow November— five months.' ? ' Nearly.' 4 Stay ; a thought strikes me. Are you Hadden, late of the — th Fusiliers, 'who was serving as a volunteer with the 74th Highlanders?' 'The same. 1 was' woundeH — stunned by a blow of a war- club— in tbe, advance and was left | behind.' '. ' . ' ? And how were you aparedf lie asked with grow ing interest. \- -i ieU into unusually kindbanda/said I.loth that tbe :oavie of llariqua should appear in my narrative at tbiit time. ? ? I mxisi beg to congratulate you on your preser vation V«u were reported as dead— to have been cruelly toTtaissd to death, in fact, by.oW Sandilli; and a very touching and nattering biography of vbu appeared ik the Cape. Argux,' continued the officer laughing. * But my party forms the advance cuard,' so we must cross the river here, and feel our way on the opposite bank. The bead of the first brigade is already close at hand. Good-bye for the present. CIobo in men 1 forward from the tight by And bowing to me, he led the way through the stream, which, much to my surprise, in the deepest part of the ford barely flowed to his bolster flaps ; nnd ere long I saw tbe bnnueroles and bright lance heads of his party above the nmngroveson the oppo site bank, as they rode in extended order slowly over the ground by which I had ned in suoh haste to tbe river. Hy firrt reflection was how the apparently authentic notice of my death would affect Clance _„ poer Clarice 1— and I felt keen sorrow for the Wars she must have shed, and the grief she must have endured. Ascending s little eminence which commanded a view ot the plain bevond tiie river, my Heartbeat liebtlv and iiappily when I saw our troops advanc im; on the line march; with their rifles at the trail, but with drums beating and colours flying. JTbey were formed in two brigades, the first consisting of the 2nd, or Qneen's Eegiment, and Htii High landers, under Colonel Macdufi of the latter corps, theeecond was formed by the 43rd, or Uommgnth shire tight Infantry, find «je '3rd; or Perthshire^ then the Rocket Battery, the Bine Brigade, in their sombre green . unitonn; the gay 12th Jjancers, the Cape Corps, and the Artillery, all tailing on under a blaling ' sun -which .gave more than one man a. fatal gottp di eolaifot they had marched for toore than' twenty miles Uunugh a district that was literally a. burning, desert, and. now their uniforms were powdered white by the whirlwinds of gravel and dust, amid which their arms and appointments wouiu iuu»u uccatnumuiy, muu^uau uuwiyob vouou n obscurity. On they came, marching sturdily and steadily to-' wards the broad current of tbe magnificent Orange Hirer, and now hastening towards tbe 74th High landers, t scanned tbeir ranks for the tall And Stalwart figure of my friend Douglas ; but 1 looked tlong the line of captains in rain. Had he bees killed, or had he died of the wound 1 had eeen him *oeive? Notwithstanding my wretched plight, I was soon recognised by many of the officers and men of the T4th, and loud exclamations of welcome, surprise, isd warm . congratulation greeted me as they fiarehed past ' What wonder is this ? Haddon— Dick Haddon slive and hearty ? Row has all this come about, aid fellow?' cried the jovial Jack Bonteine. who, though aa officer, bed, tor his own cemi'OTt, a travelling knapsack strapped to his back, a canvass liavresack for provisions slung over one shoulder, liia cloak, sword belt, canteen, and telescope slung 3ver die other, and looked nearly as dirty and hairy, and quite af brown as myself, by long ex posure. In a few words I repeated to him all 1 had cajed to tell the lancer, and added — ' But where is Douglas ? I do not see him here. He's not d««d, I hope ?' ? Dead ? Kpt at all. He never was better or more liappy in bis life than when we saw him last. But lias got a staff appointment, and has cut the Cape md the 74tli together.' 'Gone?' ' To Jamaica.' 'When?' ' About two months ago.' ' To Jamaica?' I repeated, almost mechanically. And what ot Major Carvsfort ?' ' Dead, pnor fellow. 'I think he died soon after we carried the Atuutoia Heights. ' He expired at m obscure Dutch village, and was buried by the boors.' 'Fanny— his wife, I mean.* 'Ah, la belle FauuyisnowMrs. Gerard Douglas, Mid has accumpauiedthe accomplished oflicer who jears that name to the West Indies, taking with her that pretty sUter, whom, perhaps, you may re member/ 'Mis? Haywood?1 'Bxscily. Kica girl, rather.' 'Wheiv!' thought I. 'Here are strange tidings —my Clarice gone t- Jamaica !' Thefirst brigade halted now, preparatory to cross ing the river, and I felt like one in a dream when many officers of the 74tb came round me in a group. Tall Archy Campbell, Forbes the doctor, little Ensign Calder, and others, all bronzed, bearded, in patched uniforms, tattered tartan and tarnished embroidery, anxious to learn how I had been spared the terrible fate to which prisoners wore subjected, aud their wonder seemed to increase on learning that I owed my life to the care of the merciless SandiUi. ? It is passing strange,' snid Bonteine. ' Did you Gee any of his wives, of whom he is said to have as many as n farmyard chanticleer, and to use them as that anoiuted king of Cockayne, the Defender of the Faith, Did his?' ' 1 E.tw none, I believe. Ho had me secluded at his home, in the Gulu Valley. Among his own people lie does not seem, to he si bad sort of fellow, and he fully lives in the bosoms aud affections oi his followers. Douglas and the ladies,' I added, ' would sailfrom Caiw Town, I pre-ume?' 'Exactly. Ou board of a line clipper ship, tha Eugenie.' ' And what has become of Percival Graves ?' ?He of the white kids aud parted hair?' . ? I don't see him among the staff.' ? Oh', Graves got tired of the Cape when he found that the fair liay wood was going ; so he got sick leave on a certificate from Forbes here that, a sea voyago was necessary for tbe restoration of his health, and he, too, sailed in the Eugenie.' ' With them ?' 'Yes.' . TJiis information strueK painfully a new or rathor jju old, chord in my Aeart, aud the thoughts flashed upon me rapidly; Clarice and Graves thrown together, so perilously as people always are on board ui a ship, myself supposed to be dead, and she quite opeu to a favourable olfer from her aid admirer, top, the handsome and wealthy young GuardEman. W.is the notice of my death circumrtantial ?' I asked, with a ghastly attempt at a smile. ' Most circumstantial,' said the doctor. ' In what ninnner f ' It was to the effect that the discovery of a forage cap of the 74th Highlanders, recognised 'by the quartermaster as one which he bad given to Captain Haddon, tendered it certain tliat the re mains found in the wood beyond the Amatolas, pegged to the ground aud bait' devoured by birds and jackals, were those of that unfortunate gentle man. ?? Well, Eonteine,' I resumed, still seeking for in formation to feed and increase my jealous doubts and fears, ' and how comes it that you and others allowed a handsome girl like Jlies Haywood to leave the colony ^lnwedded ? ? ' We are not marrying men in the 74th,' said Bonteine. 'And these not being the piping times of Deace, we have quite enough to do,' said the doctor, 'and must leave love and matrimony . to the idle.' 'Cngallant speech,' lisped Ensign Calder. ' * Was not Graves supposed to be tender on Miss Haywood P' eaia I. ?Yes, . awfully spooney j but there was another fellow wliooi she picked up somewhere about Graham's Town. ' He accompanied her to the coast and also went with them all in the Eugenie ; and be contrived to be always so much about Miss Haywood that poor Graves hadn't the ghost of a chance.' ? Another. Who was he ?' I asked calmly. 'A kind of Dutch fellow,' continued Bonteine, in his rattlinp, off-hand way ; ' a wealthy merchant rumour said.' ' But how was be named ?' ?Mynheer van Keukerque.' ' Whom do you say ?' I exclaimed in a tone so startling that all surveyed me with surprise, and Bonteine slowly repeated tbe name, add ing— ' He was a strange fellow, and Fanny Carysforl used to say, quoting from a book, that she thought 'he was just onn of those wicked people in whom one feels a sort of interest in spite ot one's self.' ' Was his Christian name Schalk ?' ? I don't know ; but why so many questions, old fellow, eh ? I felt utterly breathless and bewildered on hearing the revival of this strange and terrible patronymic. ' We have not much time for talking just now,' said Bonteine, leisurely lighting * cigar. 'The Queen's are about to pass the river, and our turn will come next.' ? But thiB Van Keukerque. What manner of man was. he P What was he like P' I per sisted.. . 'Was, say yon?' 'Yes.' 'Is you mean. 1 suppose the fellow ie still alive.' 'Dont banter, please, Bonteine. I knew a person of this name, and bave special reasons for ask ing.' 'He was altogether an indescribable kind of man.' . 'Say like a person in H.S.ll.S.,' suggested Calder, the' flippant ensign. ' I do not understand, eir,' sairi I stiffly. 'Calder means in his Satanic Majesty's service.' said Bonteine, iaugbiug; 'and sooth to say, he was pale, grim, and sombre enough to bave acted the Dart of Mepbietopbeles in Fiatst? I asked no more questions. I bad heard quite enough to perplex and bewilder me. Carystort dead, Douglass married to Fanny, Clarice gone to Jamaica, accompanied by the in sinuating fop. Graves, and a mysterious personage picked up in the vicinity of Graham's Town— a Dutchman, named Keukerque. I could not help associating the latter with that terrible creature who figured in the narriUive of Doctor Bruine Kas teel at Cradock, whom Speke van Bommel had pistolled, and whose -body, prior to interment, I I bad seen Adrian Africanrjar decapitate ?with a batebet, Theflowing river, the columns of horse 'and foot, the train of artillery and waggpus, tbo fareitentof plain, and the blue «ky and distant bifis, seemed to -e all racing around me.* IfearediBiatlliadiieen struck by *.'#nij- tie tola!, orwae becoming insane, so much, was I disturbed 1-y my own thoughts. His Excellency tbe Governor-General and'*he staff, before whom I was brought for examination as towhat XhndEeeiift»i!t_where Ibad been beyond the Orange Biver, found in y replies so incoherent and so wide of the- purpose, that 1 was abruptly dismissed from their presence,1 and not knowing what to do or where to go, I sat under a palm tree, gazing Vacantly and dreamily at the army fording the shining liver under A tropical sun, , ?';?,' The_penculed letters of Clarice andDouglas, with Mark Shmkeigh's confession— written, as related, in the wretched creature's blood— for a time the only links between civilisation, a jiast existence, and me— had' reached the land dry in the pocket of my tattered blouse, and I' cow prepared to secure them in my Gaffr&Jiead-dress.; prior to recrossing Hie river, for as yet I had no place ot abode, no settled home, bnt the camp of the 74th Highlanders. 