GENEEAI/ NEWS. Colonel Scratchley, •who leaves Adelaide for Melbourne to-day by the Victorian, has suc ceeded in laying out the two forts at the Sema phore and fixing the positions of the guns, and when sections have been taken of the works to ascertain the amount of filling and cutting that must be done, tenders will be called for the con struction of. the forts. It is anticipated that the wori will be commenced about six weeks hence, and will be completed by March next. The armaments will be received as soon a3 the batteries are ready. The Committee of the Adelaide Benevolent and Stranger's Friend Society held their monthly meeting on Tuesday, June 4, at the Church office. The Bev. B. S. Casely in the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read,* showing a balance in hand of £29 13s.: The sum voted to relieve the various cases brought forward at the meeting together with : that for. emergency orders during the past month amounted to £8 15s., being to relieve 19 cases. The Secretary (Mr. H. S. Anthony) re- j ported that the incorporation of the Society was ' beiBg proceeded with, and that the mortgagees ! of the house scheme property had agreed to re ceive payment of £200 on account of the mort gage at once without notice, and further sums of £100 on receiving three months' notice. Each ' member of the Committee was empowered to draw to the extent of 10s; in cases of emergency dining the ensuing month. Tlie. following, is Wednesday morning's weather ' report on: the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph LineBel tana calm, - clear, fine; Strangway's .Springs, calm, few-clouds, cold; Peake, calm, few clouds, fine; Charlotte : ■Waters, calm, hazy, cold; Alice Springs, calm, ; dull, cool; Barrow Creek, calm, dull, cold; Ten-: nant Creek, moderate, few light clouds, cold; Powell' Creek," fresh, clear, fine, cold; Daly Waters,Tight, clear, fine, cold; Katherine, calm, clear, fine, very cold; Pine Creek, moderate,. clear, fine, cold; Yam Creek, calm, cool; South-: ■ port, fresh, fine, few clouds, cool. .We ■understand, that the Government have issued a writ against the Adelaide Steam-' ship Company to recover the. expenses incurred! in raising the dredger Willunga, which was sunk through a collision with the steamer' Victorian, and also compensation for the. damage done to the dredger. We hear that the Company suggested a reference of the matter to arbitration or the acceptance of the decision of the three Admiralty surveyors in South Aus tralia, Victoria, and New- South Wales, and that; the Government refused to entertain either proposal. The Council of the University met on Tuesday afternoon, but nothing was done with reference to the case of Professor Read. The Council meets again to- morrow.' We.believe that it is probable the Ade-j laide and Suburban Tramway will be opened on Monday next. The Company have had many obstacles to overcome, and we hope now that things will go along more smoothly, and that the operations of the Company willbe productive of advantage to the public. . The new tug Yatala proceeded to the North Arm on Tuesday morning, June 4, and had her compasses adjusted by Captain Blanch, F.R.G.S., and in the afternoon she towed the ship City of Glasgow to the Semaphore an chorage. A special meeting of the seatholders of Trinity Church, Adelaide, was held in the Schoolroom, on Tuesday evening, June'4, when a Committee was appointed for the purpose of raising funds towards the cost of building a new church. John Weidner, a shepherd in the employ of Messrs. Roach,butchers, Moonta, has received a slice of good fortune. -The Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser is told on good authority that £20,000 has been left to him by the will of a deceased relative. His chief regret is that he will have to leave his sheep. On Tuesday, June' 4, Police-Trooper O'Mahoney, of Kapunda, reported to Inspector Peterswald as follows" On Sunday morning, John .Keanes, of Moppa, found a black shawl and driving whip near his place. Finned to the shawl was a note, (unsigned) stating that the writer intended to commit suicide the previous night. Have been searching with drags but have found nothing. "Will continue the search to-day. Cannot hear of any person missing." A Committee of Management in North Adelaide having determined that the opportu nity of hearing science popularly explained should not slip by, made an arrangement with Mr. Severn to deliver a course of three lectures at the Temperance Hall, North Ade laide. The first lecture was given' on Tuesday evening, when the subject dealt with was " The Theory of Light and .Spectrum Analysis." There was a large attendance, although the room was not full. Mr. Severn carried his audience with him in his clear explanations and interesting ex periments, and received hearty applause several . times during the evening. To-night Mr. Severn • will lecture on 11 Artificial Illumination and Combustion." ; • A meeting -was held at the Burr a ; Council-Chamber oh Monday evening, June 3, to take into consideration the best means of raising subscriptions for the China Famine ■ Belief Fund. The Mayor of Kooringa (Mr. E. Lipsett) presided, and there were also present the Be vs. E. M. Campbell, W. Jenkins, and Messrs. Wilkinson, F. W. Holder, and P. Lane. It was ! resolved that the gentlemen forming the meeting should be a Committee, with the addition of ; the following:—The. Be vs. Father KriessI, H. ' Howitt, and W. Bichards, and Messrs. W. Sara, •A.Bartholomews, T. Warnes, E. Goodridge,J. : Gors, J. Eoharts, T. Duell, J. E. Stephens, and ; E. Collins. It was also resolved that, the minis ters of religion should have charge of certain • districts to be arranged, and appoint collectors ; from their congregations; and that the Town I Glerk should request them in writing to give publicity to the movement from their pulpits on ; Sunday next. ' A meeting of the-South Adelaide Foot ball Club was held at the Sir John Barleycorn ' Hotel on Tuesday evening, June 4. There were : about 40 or 50 members present, and Mr. T. Cole occupied the chair. Votes of thanks were passed to the representatives of the Club, and to the other gentlemen who had assisted in securing the passing of the resolution adopted at the meeting of the Association with refe rence to Mr. W. H. J. Dedman. A feeling was generally expressed that the effect of the reso lution would be to put a stop to. the system of " cadging " alleged to have Jueen adopted by the Norwood Club. A further resolution was unani mously adopted, requesting the delegates to take steps to secure the passing by the Associa tion of a rule disqualifying players who are guilty of fighting in matches. A Committee was appointed for the purpose of arranging a suitable testimonial to be presented to Mr. G. D. Kennedy in recognition of his long and valuable services as captain of the Club. The fourteenth half-yearly meeting of he Queen Permanent Building Society was held in Jackman's Dining-room, King William street, on Tuesday evening, June 4. Mr. Wm. Johnson, the Chairman, in moving the adop tion of the balance- sheet, drew attention to the satisfactory condition of the Society, and to the fact that £3,750 had been paid out daring the half-year to investors whose shares had matured, to gether with a bonus of £1 Is. per £100. The balance- sheet having been adopted, Messrs. T. Breakell, J. Letchford, and J. Hales were re elected Directors for the ensuing year. Oh the motion of Mr. W. L. Ware, seconded fey Mr. Martin, a vote of thanks was unanimously passed to the Chairman for his services, and the shareholders expressed their indebtedness to him for the great interest he. had shown in furthering the prosperity of the Society ever since its formation, and attributed its' success largely to his efforts. . The , death, under suspicious circum stances, of the subject of the following para graph, taken from the Melbourne Argus of June 1, has been reported in our telegrams:— " Dr. 6. D. Macaifcney, M L.A. for South Gipps land, was summoned by his wife, Fanny Macartney, before Messrs. Call, P.M., and KaveD, J.P., at the District Court yesterday, for the maintenance of three of his children. The defendant did not "appear. It was stated by the complainant that a private arrangement had been made, whereby her husband was to pay her £2 per week for the support of the children, but she had found such great difficulty in gat ting the money from him; that, acting on the advice of her solicitors, she had insti-; tuted these proceedings. Her husband was in i the receipt of £6 per week, but he had not paid her anything since the 25th of March,, when he gave her a cheque for £2, which was dishonored. • The following telegram had been received, from him by Messrs. McKean & Leonard:—' Pray ; ■ stay proceedings in Court. I hereby consent to my wife's terms. To-morrow I shall call at: your office, settle all;' and this one had been received from him by. Mr. Call—'"Williams town.—To the Chairman of the District Court .—I have this morning telegraphed wife's solici- ■ tors; I consent to her terms. Prosecution mali- ; cious. - Injured side, confines, me to bed. Pray, prevent advantage being taken of my inability I to attend.'. - An order was made against thej .defendant for 14s. per week for each of the; three children, with 5s. costs, and to find a: surety of £50 for due compliance with thej » I The evangelistic service at the Town; Hall 011 Tuesday evening was largely attended.; Mr. Varley's subject was the conversion of; Lydia, Acts xvi, 14-5 verse3. St. Paul, he re-, marked [was an itinerant preacher, carrying j everywhere the " unsearchable riches of Christ." i Christ should be the great theme. of the! ' Christian minister. Without Christ men were; spiritually dead,'; through Christ only could men| obtain eternal life. Conversion was the actual! reception by faith of the Lord Jesus Christ.! Speaking of Paul and the early preachers, their: disadvantages, the opposition they encountered,' and their wonderful power notwithstanding, the; preacher said the secret of their power was the; ' possession of the Holy Ghost. At Phillippi'Paulj visited the place of prayer by the river side.; Amongst the name3 who resorted there was Lydia, the seller of purple from Thyatira. There she heard the truth from the Apostle's; lips. The hearing of the truth was the first step: in the process of conversion. The truth pro-i duces conviction of sin, and nothing could relieve' the sorrow produced by conviction save faith in Jesus. Lydia received the truth spoken by! Paul, and became a changed character. Mr J Varley closed with an earnest appeal to his hearers to receive Christ. His blood alone could cleanse from sin. Chemistry had failed to dis cover a process by which scarlet and crimson could be changed to white, but the blood of Christ could wash the crimson stains of sin as white as snow. A meeting was afterwards held; to which several hundreds remained. By the help of a conversation with the Rev. S. Mead; Mr. Yarley endeavored to show the way of salva; tion. Some 20 or 30 persons stood up in token that they had received Christ. Mr. Tarley's subject this evening will be " What is Justifica tion?" . A football match was played on the North Park Lands on Saturday, June 1, between the Parkside Educational Institute and the Adelaide Albert Club. The gameresulted in an easy victory for the former, as they obtained five goals to their opponent's nil. The performance of the " Rainbow Revels" by the Stewart Family continues to be well patronised. On Tuesday, evening, June 4, White's Room was again well filled, and the audience, were frequent in their, expressions of approval. " Mr. DarrelTs original drama, "The Struggle for Freedom," was repeated at .the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening. There was a moderate attendance. The play, which is one of considerable merit, was as successful as oh. its first representation, and the audience were very liberal in their applause.' This evening the poetical drama, "The Marble Heart," will be produced. This play has not been performed on the Adelaide boards for the last five or six years, but it is one which should draw a good house. On Friday evening Mr. and Mrs. Dar \ rell will take their benefit, . . j 