Mysterious £ffij!r at Hay* j -T ? !- ?» iFSOK A DOBBBSPONDENT.) Sably on Tuesday morning, 26th ulb, the town of Hay was etartfcd by a report that Mr. Mills, clerk in the employ of Mean. Turnbnll and Co., of Hay, lad met withhis death by accidental drowmnBwhib» bathing. Mr. Mob's residence is the Club House, on the bank of the river Murrumbidgee, and, as there are several gentlemen Hoarders in tne nopap. k is no uncommon thing {or them to have a dip In thennr before retiring tn bed, especially during the warm weather. On the evening in question, oi rather night, for it was after 12 o'clock, Mr. Mills, together with one of the boarders went into the river some considerable distance higher up stream than where the house is situated where Jfr. Mills parted company with his companion, and ewam down opposite the house. His wife, who was standing on le bank, asked him to come out ; at the same time stating she thought he had been in long enough. He replied, ' I'll hare another dive, so here goes.' This waa the last that was seen of him. The news soon spread that poor Mills was drowned, when several persons commenced diving and dragging the river the remainder of the night without success. On Tuesday morning the whole afoir became known to the public, and it cast a gloom over the town, all showing their sympatirieB for tlie de ceased and his family. The dragging for the body was taken up by the police aha others, Captain Barns, of the steamer Resolute, kindly got up steam, and for several hours steamed up and down the rirer where the body was supposed to lie, in the hope of causing thebody to rise, but without success; aud in consequence of his having to start down stream, Cap tain Barns was reluctantly compelled to abandon the search. After thiB two well-known townsmen, who were known to be excellent swimmere, came forward, and, to the surprise and admira tion of Dumbnn of spectators, exerted them selves in a most untiring manner until darkness compelled them to give up the seven, arranging to continue the search next day. But now comen the mysterious portion of this most sensational occurrence. That night the town was again surprised by a report that Mir. Mills had re turned, which no one would believe until several tersons made it uieir business to go down to the house, and sure enough, there at the diningroom table sat the departed, receiving the congratulations of his friends, who thought him drowned. To the inquiries of those who considered some explanation due to the public, a half indignant answer was given, to the effect hat after he took hisdive he remembered no moreuntil he found himself in a semi-conscious state, climbing up the opposite bank of the river, and then relapsiug into a state of unconsciousness. He lay near the bank of the river until about noon, when he recovered consciousness ; but rinding himself naked, he did not like to come home, so remained in hiding till after dark, when he reeroEsedthe river and came home. He came to the bedroom window, where he was at first taken to be the ghost of the drowned man. These particulars soon became known, and the affair was the topic of conversation in all quarters. But a great many refused to believe his statement, and some persons, especially those who had beeu diving the whole of the day, knowing the difficulty in crossing tbe Murrumbidgee at atimelikethe present when the river is up, said it was ridiculous to suppose that a man stunned by a enag could cross such a current; and, to shew their disbelief, they stated that they believed there was still a body in the fiver, and they would trv next rlav to recover the same. The affair now assumed a different aspect, and went from the sublime to the ridiculous, consequently, next day (Wednesday), it was announced thatabody was found very like the missing man, supposed to he lost on Monday night. In accordance with these facts, a meeting was an nounced for that evening which was done by printed handbills posted about town, Btatinc that all fiiends of the late Mr. Mills were to attend a public meeting at Tattersall's Hotel, for the purpose of arranging the funeral obsequies of the deceased. The meeting was crowded ; all the leading business places being represented. Of course excitement ran high. The body .finders Btated to the chairman that they had found a body, and although some stated that the real man had returned, they did not choose to believe it, for this reason, that liad it been so the person, as eoon as be returned would, like any other gentleman, have returned thanks at once to the public and given them an explanation, which all must admit was due, but as such had not been done, they felt sure they could find a body, and that they had made up their minds to do so, even if they had to make it first, and as they had succeeded in finding one, they wished to know what they should do with it After a good deal of discussion it was arrattfed to give it a decent burial, the funeral to be followed by a torchlight pro cession, for which purpose a subscription was at once opened. In pursuance of these arrangements, tbe promoters ordered a coffin, and on Thursday night about nine o'clock a grand torchlight procession took place, starting from the Klagra Hotel with ? the dummy corps in its coffin, standing on its (eet with the lid off, in a oart. They proceeded to the bridge, dis tant about a milo, when a sort of mock service was said, finishing with three cheers for Joe ! After which the coffin was launched over the bridge, and it glided down stream amidst the applause of the largest con course of people ever gathered together in Hay, 