Murder and Suicide in Maryborough. AT an early hour on Friday morning the news spread through the town (says the Chronicle) that the body of Captain M'Ivor, of the schooner Morning Light, had been discovered lying on the poop of hia vessel with his hud spUt open, snd without doubt that a brutal murder had bMn committed. The polioe having been apprised, at once pro ceeded to the spot, and there found the captain M described. On entering the cabin, a terrible spectacle met tbeir gaxe, for there, suspended from the skylight wm a Chinaman, with his fMt on the floor, with hia hands stretched out, and cold in dMtiu The following are the particulan, io ftru is at present known:—The Morning Light, sohooner, Captain M'lvor, arrived from the north on Wedneaday evening, and berthed alongside of Messrs. Wilson, Hart, and Co.'a wharf. On Thursday, Captain M'lvor, who wm disutiafied with bis ChineM cook, gave him his wagM and told him he would not be required any longer, and that another maa would take his place next day. Nothing further wm add, and on Thursday night Captain M'lvor went to sleep on deck, on aooount ho donbt, of the oppressive best What transpired between his lying down for rest until next morning at 6 o'clock, remains a mystery. At that hour two of Messrs. Wilaoq, Hart, and Co.'s employee went on board the schooner to hunt up the cook for tbe purpoae of getting a cup of coffee froni him, m wm their wont when veuels lay dongside the ■wharf, and not finding him at hia post they were proceeding to the cabin, when they espied the body of tiie unfortunate captdn lying on the deck in a moat mutilated state. Hu skuU wu ldd open, the left dde of the head smubed in, completely gouging the eye out, a deep guh had been inflicted behind the left ear, the throat cut right across, a severe wound on each breast,' and another on the left side, bendM Mveral other dMp wounds on the lower part of the abdomen. The deck wm besmeared with blood around where the head lay. On an inspection of the cabin and forecabin being made by the pohce, the Chinaman Wm found, m dready stated, with his coat on. On removing the coat, oa tiie right stave of his shirt were found Mveral spots of blood, and oa the left leg of hia trousers, above the knee, wm a dauby and near the bottom of the trousers more spots of blood. On his penon wu found a large knife, about 2ft long, but tUa weapon he does not appear to have used to day his victim. The murder took place doae to the eaptsin-s -aduny- which waa^aear the-stera of the vesuL The faeoaWa of the vusd wss occupied by Hfunf,. a Pblynsrian, who > slept while the foul (toe* Wtebeing perpetrated; and hsWo, ia tha OMhaman'a baak, was feua-ft a tomahawk oovered with blood aad matted hair, which evidently had bMn the instrument of death, the knife found on the Chinaman btrfag probably kept ia reeerve ia the event of the captaia waking' ap aad wresting the tomahawk from the murderer's head, to enable him to eomplste the fatal week. Dr. Power, who wm present to examine the bodiM soon after the murder was reported, bdisvu that dsath had taken phase about six home before. Ths tmtotu-dca that all diaumstaasee point to is that the minder wu eonuattted abatat aaid. aight The Chiaamaa, having Vented hia diabolical passion by backing and hewing th* body, thea deliberately want down to his cabin, pnt oa his coat aad returned to the captain's cabin and hung himsdf. Captaia M'lvor wm a good apashnsa of a sailor, a maa of oonskUrabU vigor, a gsnid aad iatolligaat oompanien, and waa kaowato a large drole of frienda aad aoquaintancM by hk frequent virits to this port. Fer maay a year ao eveat hM co shocked aad saddened this community. A pohce enquiry wfll be held into the circumstances of his death. The Melbourne Cricket Club (says the Argus) luu inued a card showing tbe varioua engage ments made for the Engliah Eleven. The first match wfll be pined at Adelaide, oa the 12th, 18th, aad 14th Deoember; aad the seooad at Mdbourne, on Boxing Day and the two follow* ing days. The Eleven then virit TMmaaia, playing at Launonton on the 6th and 7th January, and at Hobart Town on 10th and llth January. Thence tbey sail to Sydney, playing thsre January 24, 25, and 27 ; at Bathurst on 81st January and lat February; aad agaia at Sydney on 7th. Bth, and 10th February. Re turning to Melbourne, they play here on 20th, 21st, and 22nd February; at Sandhurst on 25th snd 26th February ; and at Ballarat on Ist aad 3rd March. Tbey play a fareweU match in Md bourne on 6th, 7th, and Bth March, aad then leave for home, playing a return match at Adelaide, en route on the 20th, 21st, and 22nd March. A rather novd boat ra» took pbme at Cook town on DeMmber 6, for a stake of £20. The master of the Charlton, who is (mys tbs Courier) evidently a believer in ChineM thews sad daews, offered to back four of his crew to paU a like number of Europeans. The challenge wm promptly accepted, and a crew consisting of Messrs. Robertson, Knight MUler, and Hone man, with Mr. P. K. Bliss m coxswain, conclu rively proved to the gdlant captain that bia con fidence wm misplaced and his money badly in- VMted. From the start, the long-tailed crew hadn't the ghost of a show. The race wasn't worth describing. The whites with s long even stroke pulled away from tbe barbarians v soon m the report of the starter's gun died away, and when it wm again fired m a winning signal their opponents oould still be seen—but hardly with the naked optic—sti-pggling wildly but energeti caUy to reach the ume happy haven. We understand it is proposed to get np a cricket match on Boxing Day between the bankers and merchants. We should like to sm such a match come off, m it would probably prove one of the bMt of the season and attract a large attendance, there bdng Mmc fine plsyera amongst both teams, snd it is said that some oi the " big wigs" on both sidM wfll take part. After tb* game it is proposed the pbyqgftjho-uld have a dinner at the Hamilton, ths cost to be paid for by the losers. 