mnu irRnuTTM TIMRFT?. ,t. to tsb editor of tub age. Sir, — Being ono of tho deputation appointed by tho Right Hours Working Mon's Association, anil knowing that your columns are ever ready to re ceive truth, I would cravo space in your journal to make a few remarks in reply to " Small Mill- owner," ana to tno party signing mmscit "J.8. in your issues of tho 7th and flth inBtant respectively. " Small Miliownor," from the teuuro of hie letter, would lead ono to believo that the wliolo of the logs now lying in the forests belong to the various millowners aud nono to tbe men, when ho makes uso of tho word if. I chal lenge him to contradict one statement mado by the deputation to the. Minister of Lands. If be cannot bring facts to sfipport his assertions, then my advice to him wouid ho to refrain from writing to tho press. Ho would make it appear that tho men will not he affected by tho confiscation, showing plainly that bo knows nothing about it. It is qnito evi dent ho will say anything, regardless of. truth, in ordor to pereuado the Minister of Lands to deoide against the men. I again- assert that Ilia employes know too well what they will suffer with out any persuading by tho mili-ownern, ns do also scores of the tradesmen of tho town. Why, tho redgum trade is the main support of the town. Tako that away and Echuca' is done. Mr. Editor, he Bays he could tako yon to piacos where hundreds upon hundreds of trees are now lying, and will lie till thoy rot, tho same having been foiled at the expense of one of the millowners. Sir, ho says that which he knowB to be false. Is it to be supposed for one moment that any sano man would engage a. party of. men . to fall hundreds upon hundreds of . trees for no othor purpose than to lay and rot, when we know, na a rnle, that Scotchmen are too fond of the oilier ? Why, Mr. Editor, tho man who makeB such an assertion I consider him a fit subject for a medical examination. Ho cays ho knows something about redgum and redgtim saw mills, but nevor knew the system to ho adopted that Mr. Balfour spoko of, plainly showing that be knows nothing about the matter. Having been oooployed for aver twenty years in saw milk, both in this district, the Camperdown district, and othor parts of tho colony, I say ns a rula that the logs are not paid for until brought to tho mills, for this reason : If they wero paid for in ' the bush tbe millowner would send his clerk lo brand tbsm, which consists of an iron brand which thoy would strike on - t he cud of the log, or otherwise mark the cuds with white paint. Supposing thoy did this, and bearing in mind that they do not leave a man to look after them, what is there to prr- vont any party of men, so inclined, to go ami out off the branded ends, and re-soll them ; no ono conld swear to the logs i You will perhaps nsk mo would the men do this ? My answer is : It has been known for a small millowner in tlris district-to tako logs, bran dB and all, ho having been caught with tho logs at his mill. With regard to tho different brands on tbo logs, other than those that I have mentioned, tbey de note the parties by whom they wore felled. I would ask " Small Millowner " to mention ono instance in which a party . of men has been engaood to get 600,000 feet of round timber. He cannot state one cose. Let him go into figures, and see how many cabio feet there would be in that con tract. Small Miliownor," no doubt, wishes us to be like the dog iu the manger. If we cannot got justice done to oursolvesand fami lies without doing good to others, ho would have us say nothing. . I hope the next timo l;c appears in print he will confine himself to truth, nud give Lis name in full, unleBs he-.iB ashamed of hi3 name. So much for " Small Millowner." With respect to your correspondent signing himself " J. S.," I think before he interferes he should ascertain the facts of the cases. The facts, as stated by the deputation " to the Mioister of Lands, are trne, as some scores of men can testify. The true causeB of so much timber lying iu the bush bave. not been stated to the Minister of Lands, and if there should be a commission of inquiry appointed they will find auch to bo tbocase. I will admit there is a large amount of timber lying in the bush,' and the reason, Mr. Editor, is this : There are certain portions of the forest low ground.and unless tbe river rises and ovpifiowa 'these parts, so that the pontoons can brine them out, they will havs to remain ; and " J. S." must know that for the last two years tho river has been so low that the pontoons could not get at tbe logs. This is the true reason why there are s« many logs in the forest. I may inform J. S. that tho deputation was appointed at a meeting of the working men called for that purpose, and that their oxponses were paid by the working men, and that tho millowncre had nothing to do with us directly or indirectly, ns " J, S. insinuates. "J. S. seoms to thiuh that because we are intorestod, to tho extent of being employed in the trade, tbat we are doing it for the benefit of tbe employers only. I bars only to tell him to go to the. different trades, men of Echuea and ask their opinion, aud' hear what their answer wilt be. I think you will agree with me tbat wo havo a right to bo interested in the mattor when I tell you thot the majority of us have families depend- inguponps. In conclusion, I challenge "Small Millowner "or "J. S." to contradict ono. word tbat I bare said in this letter, whereas the whole of theirs is gross misrepresentation. Hoping they will give their names in full in their next, L remain, yours, kc., J. T. B AititK' . Yarra-street, Echuca, ljth March. Mr. Percy MojntoE writes to the London Guardian that the common opinion that un- formented wina is not intoxicating is a mis take, and that the liquor in its unformentcd condition is moat intoxicating. He applies this faot to the controversy now active in England in relation to the use of fermenicu wine at the Lord's Sapper. Sir 'Walter Scott used to toll, with much zeat, a story of a man who tried to frighten his friend by encountering him at midnight on a lonely apot which was sup posed to bo tho resort of a ghostly visitant. He took his seat ' on tho haunted .stono, wrapped in a long white sheet. Presently, to his hofror, the real ghost appeared, ana sat down beside him,' with tho ominous ejaculation, "Yon are a ghost, and i am a ghost ; so let us oome closer, nnd closer to gether." And oloser and closer tho gh?(3® pressed, till the Bham' ghost, overcome With fainted away. 