CHIPS FROM MY SERMONS, "WHICH MAY BE READ OR NOT. Br THE REV. PALMER LAW, PORT PIRIE. Writing with invisible ink.—You have written with invisible ink, I dare say. "When the sheet has passed from your hand, no one could tell, unless they were in the secret, what you had written thereon. But when that sheet has been held before the fire, the writing has become distinct. Is it not thus with the immense supplies of wheat brought into Port Pirie by your bullock-drays and your railway ? Take each grain and you will find written thereon, with invisible ink, the name of Jesus—invisible the writing is only to the unthinking and ungodly. When you hold each grain of wheat before the fire of your faith, than the invisible writing is invisible no longer, but you see the word " CHRIST" inscribed thereon. Yes, faith reads the great truth that Christ made that grain of wheat what it is, endowing it with powers to multiply itself, and to feed the hungry sons of men, and to furnish liarvests to coming generations to the end of the world. Faith reads the great lesson that Christ gave it the wondrous power to select from the earth those substances which would nourish, and not poison the human body, and which would enable it to fit man to put forth his energies in work. Yes, upon every grain of wheat the believing Christian reads the name of Christ. To the unbelieving the invisible ink fails to appear, and so the precious name of Christ, inscribed upon the precious grain, is screened from the polluted gaze of godless men. Jlow to see stars in the day time.—The poor woman, who suffered from a bloody issue, had a deep insight into the glory of Christ. There were learned men, doctors of the law, who had spent their lives in the study of the Hebrew Scriptures, yet she saw more of the glory of Christ than they. There were multitudes who had listened to His teachings, and witnessed His miracles, and yet she saw more of the glory of Christ than they. She saw in Him the all- sufficient God, for she said, " If I may but touch His clothes I shall be whole." How came all this to pass ? In the day - time you cannot see the stars. Scan the heavens in every direction, and not a single star will meet your searching gaze. Go down into a deep well, and look up, and you will see the stars brightly shining then, although it may be in the broad daylight. This lets us into the secret after which we are searching. The poor woman was in the well of affliction. Twelve long years had been occupied in the sinking of that well. She suffered from a bloody issue—a terrible malady. She had spent all her substance upon physicians, and was nothing bettered, but rather grew worse. Afflicted, in penury, and hopeless, behold her! From that deep well she looked up,f§(Uaw Christ in all His glory, in all His compassion, in all His far- reaching power to heal, and now she exclaims, in the lan»ua°e of triumphant faith :—" If I may but touch" , His clothes I shall be healed." My brethren, in the day of your worldly prosperity you have not, many of you, seen the glory of Christ. He has been preached to you for years, and the preaching has been vain. God will say ere long to the angels of His providence : " Sink a well," and a well will be sunk, and you will be let down into its dark, deep depths. Disease will come upon you, or adversity, or family trouble. Your pet child will die. Your wife will lie before you cold and dead. You will be heart-broken then; and then, 'from that deep dark well you will look up, and see what you never saw when your eyes were dazzled with a blaze of worldly glory— you will see the consolations of God's Word, and the glory of Jesus, shining in the spiritual heavens with overpowering splendour. Then, with the poor woman, you will exclaim, " If I may but touch His clothes I shall be healed." A three-horse "plough drawn by one horse. Aye, depend upon it that is dreary enough work. I should not like to be the horse. If I were I would stand still, and with mute signs protest against the injustice, and if the lash were laid on my poor body, well, I would kick. And yet, preaching is frequently not unlike a three-horse plough drawn by one horse. It is bard work at times, I assure you. I do not say tlmt it is always so. When the heart is on fire, and the thoughts come flockwise to the brain like doves to their windows, and words flow from the tongue like water from a fountain, when the Spirit of God works mightily in the soul, aye, it is glorious work is preaching then. It is like three horses drawing a one-horse plough. It is no work at all. It is a deeply-joyful exercise then. My friends, when you feel that the sermon is dull, and that it is a production which has neither an inside nor an out, and neither head nor tail, and when there is no interest in the discourse, be charitable. Perhaps the minister feels just then that preaching the sermon is like athree-horse plough drawn by one poor jaded horse, and that poor horse, himself. Did you ever try an experiment under such circumstances ? I would have you try one. Do not pull out your watch on the sly, and let the minister see you, which he is sure to do, and suffer mental torture as the C0nsequeLC3. Do not yawn, for that will not help him. Pray secretly to God for him. Say, " Holy Father, help my dear pastor to preach. Ho greatly needs help just now. Give him fire—the fire of the Holy Ghost. Enliven his sermon, I be* geech thee, with heavenly radiance." , If this were commonly done, preaching would not so often be, as it now is, to both preachers and hearers, like a three- horse plough drawn by one horse. The Wine of Heaven.—Prayer is a glass into which God pours the wine of heaven. 