fptatro & $atwt.1 FOOTPRINTS IN THE SNOW. A. NOVEL BY DORA. RUSSELL, author of The Miner's Oath,' ' The Vicar's Governess' *; Axkabel's Rival,' &c;, &c.; ' {Published by special arrangement with, the Author. All rights reserved. ] ?Ck-vpteb.- XII. — 'I Fled and Cried Out Death !' In spite of Richard's objections Sir Jolin Tyrell grew more intimate with the if 01 tons; the farmer indeed sharply re buking his son on one occasion when he made some unpleasant comments on their landlord's visits. *' Dick iny boy,' he said, ' -when I put off my shoes you can wear them, you not come, and as long as I've a house over my head Sir John shall be an honored and welcome guest under its roof — and if that doesn't please you, well, you can i find a home of your own.' Never before 'had such words been addressed by the good-natured farmer to any of his children, and this added not a little to Dick's hatred and jealousy of the whole Tyrell family. Bat though deeply indignant at the rebuke, Dick yet loved and honored his father, whose genial siiauy nature and considerate kindness to every one around him not only was such a con * trast to Dick's own character, but could not fail to endear him to his entire hoase i hold. If anyone was in trouble at Wendell West-house, they came to the 'master.' He had a humorous sly way of softening asperities, and soothing word wounds with his pleasant tongue. In their convivial hours — for the farmer it must be admitted did sometimes endorse the sentiment that — ' There are five reasons why men drink ; Good wine, a friend — because Fm dry, or lest I should be by-and-bye.' In these hours, then, the difference 01 his disposition to that of his eldest son was never more strikingly evident. The ' good wine' made the farmer even yet more genial, hospitable, and generous than his wont; while under its influence Dick grew first captious and unpleasant, then quarrelsome, unmanageable, and jpielent. Elizabeth used to dread the arrival iu these days of a neighbor of their own class, knowing that the visit was almost sure to end in a stormy scene with Dick after the guest's departure. He used to ride con stantly into Mitchin too, and would return flushed and excited, filling Elizabeth's heart with dread that in some unguarded moment he might utter words that he could never recall. What angered Dick excessively was that Sir John Tyrell always treated him with the same good-natured superiority with which he treated his two younger brothers. After the scene about kicking Tory, Dick ?„'? encountered his landlord with sullen eye »* and brow, but the easy courteous gentleaiau utterly ignored the fact that any unplea santness had ever passed between them. In vain Dick gave short, curt answers to } the Baronet's placid, sinning, and indiffe rent words. Sir John would not have con descended to have quarrelled with this *' *' young cub,' as he privately designated Dick ; and Dick knew that it was so, and felt that he was no match for their well hred landlord. Before his father, however, after the rebuke that the farmer had given him, Dick did put some curb on his temper and dislike. Sir John, when 'fiie shooting season came on, frequently invited the farmer to accom pany him for a day's sport, and perhap3 Dick was not quite indifferent to the privi lege of roaming over the well-stocked pre serves of which Sir John was the owner. By the Baronet's wish his daughters had called on Elizabeth after her marriage, but though she returned their visit, she quietly 'declined any further intimacy with the ladies of the Tyrell family. 'It is better not, dear uncle,' she said (for she still called the farmer by the old name). ' It is different with Sir John — he is a man of larger mind and higher aims than these young ladies ; and besides, I -believe he truly likes you, and therefore his society is pleasant to us both. But I am .sure the others do not really care to know us. and am sure in that case we do not care for knowing them.' 'Settle it as you like, dear,' said the farmer, who had not been without his ambition to see Lissa dine at the 'Hall;' and so Lissa settled it. Sir John was a welcome and honored guest whenever he appeared at the homestead, and Lissa and the Misses Tyrell exchanged friendly bows when they met, but their intimacy after her marriage advanced no further, Lissa was conscious that she had forfeited her former position to a certain extent by f marrying Dick Horton; and the Misses ' Tyrell no longer had any motive for being -'civil' to the girl that they feared at one .time their brother was going to make his wife, and thus by mutual consent their intercourse almost entirely ceased. Of Jasper, as the autumn advanced, Lissa heard at intervals from Sir John, but onlv bv a few casual words always spoken in the farmer's presence. Sir John, indeed, had determined after the morning when she had fainted on hearing of his illness, to approach the mysterious connection of his son -with Elizabeth no more. His keen and observing eyes had convinced him that there was a mystery, but what that mystery was he left time and chance to unravel, for he feared to bring further sorrow or misery upon her by endeavoring . to fathom it. He liked, respected, and admired Elizabeth, and he would gladly have seen her the wife of his son; and now when that tie could not be, he liked, . admired, and respected her still. So the autumn glided away — a miserable autumn for Elizabeth, and apparently anything but a happy one for Richard Hortou ' He still loved Elizabeth, resenting with jealous and unreasoning anger every word or look that she bestowed on any one else. His temper, indeed, utterly embittered her life, and rendered the tie that bound her to him doubly distasteful and trying to bear. . As far as she could, however, she hid \ lier grievances from the farmer. She could not bear to overshadow his bright .cheery life with her troubles, and Mr. Horton lived pretty much under the ?(fcUisiou that ' Dick was a bit bad-tempered, poor lad, but a right good fellow at the core.' The end of September came, bright, breezy, and healthy, on the high-lying lands of Uplandshire, and many a day the sturdy farmer and the slim delicate gentleman, followed by their gamekeepers (at least Sir John followed by his gamekeeper, and the farmer by a sharp lad on the farm, who acted occasionally in that capacity) tramped together in quest of partridges over the stubbles from which the newly-reaped corn had been gathered in bounteous harvest. Dick sometimes accompanied his father on these expeditions, and sometimes not. 'Bring your boys with you,' Sir John would often good-naturedly say when lie was in the humor, but it was merely to please the farmer that he asked them, whose sterling good sense and genuineness made him so pleasant a companion to the thought- I ful and somewhat exclusive Sir John. He preferred him, in fact, to the generality of his fellow-squires, with their narrow notions, their quarter sessions talk, where they inflicted severe sentences for the theft of a hen or a pigeon, and believed that the whole prosperity of England lay in the up holding of their order, and in the protec tion of their land. There was another reason also why Sir John shrank from any great intimacy with his fellows. LadyTyrell's mental affliction continued unabated, and Sir John scarcely cared that the sound of mirth or feasting should reach the ears of the unhappy mother of his murdered son. The sharp cries too that sometimes rang through the Hall from the guarded upper storey were not fit for the ears of strangers to hear; and so the Baronet lived mostly with his books, smilingly saying that their learned society pleased him better than that of most of his neighbors. But he liked 'Mr. Horton and Elizabeth, and one evening towards the clo3e of Sep tember, having invited the farmer to ac company him on the following day to an outlying farm on a raid against the part ridges, he added, turning to Elizabeth — 'Why don't you come with us, Mis. Horton ? There is some fine country about Scardale which I do not suppose you have over seen ?' ''Spose Lissa drives over in her pony chaise and brings us some lunch in the middle ofthe day,' suggested Mr. Horton. 'How would you like that, my dear?' 'Very much, uncle,' answered Lissa, and so they settled it; Lissa ordering various delicacies to be prepared for the coming repast in honor of Sir John. When Dick heard of the expedition, and that Lissa was going, he at once said that if she went he would go also. ' Shall I drive you over, then ?' asked Elizabeth, ' or will you start in the morn ing with uncle ?' Dick at first was undecided on this point, but finally arranged to go with his father ; and Lissa, therefore, left Wendell about one o'clock on the following day aloue, intending to meet Sir John, her uncle, and Dick about two, as it was nearly an hour's drive from the farmstead to Scardale where they were shooting. It was a bright, beautiful autumn day, and as Lissa drove along the pleasant coun try lanes, the fresh breeze the while blowing on her clear brown skin, some of her old bloom stole back into her oval cheeks, and added not a little to the picturesque beauty of her whole appearance. Presently she came to a wilder country, where the Scar creeps on its somewhat sluggish course through steep banks wooded thicldy almost to the river edge. Here in sheltered nooks, sat solitary, patient fishers watching intently for their finny prey; while sturdy urchins also indulged after their manner in piscatorial sport, ashing in the pools and creeks for minnows, tadpoles, and the like ; their glass bottles standing by their sides ready to enclose the expected victims of their skill. It was a pleasant scene — the brambles ripening in the woods and hedges ; the whir of the pheasant as he rose, startled from his leafy covert at the sound of Elizabeth's carnage wheels, his burnished plumage glittering in the eun; while the brown hares and rabbits peeped from the ferny undergrowth or ran scampering across the roadway, which in many places is cut through the woods, glimpses of the wind ing Scar being visible from certain points of the drive almost the whole way. The spot where Elizabeth had agreed to meet Sir John and her uncle is named in the common parlance of the country-side ' Bob's Nook.' Who « Rob' had been is accounted for by various traditions, most of which are no doubt, like maay other famous histories, entire fabrications. How ever we must suppose that 'Rob' had existed, whether in the capacity of robber, freebooter, or saint, remains considerably shrouded by the mists of time. At all events 'Rob'' had left his 'Nook,' a pleasant spot where the willows droop and sweep into the placid waters of the Scar, hiding the approach to a natural cave formed partly by the overhanging river bank, in which it is supposed that ' Rob' had either lived or died. Above this cave, on the hillside, is a patch of the finest and greenest grass, which is a favorite rendezvous for picnics and other rural festivities in the neighborhood, and it was here that Elizabeth proposed to spread her luncheon for Sir John and her uncle. She left the pony carriage, therefore, on the drive, which is some little distance in the woods above 'Rob's Nook,' and after securing the pony, went down the almost precipitous bank to wards the river, followed by her servant carrying the hamper, and finally reached the green patch above the cave. Here she found, already awaiting her arrival, a smart grooin joi Sir John's, who had received orders to ride over to 'lloh's Nook,' bringing as an offering to Elizabeth a basket of champagne and grapes from the Barcnet. Elizabeth herself had brought various delicacies, so that when the sportsmen appeared on the scene, a most appetizing and tempting repast lay spread out before them on the snowy cloth, with its bright border of green verdure, and the pleasant rippling sound, of the river gliding below to add to their enjoyment. Sir John threw himself on the grass at Elizabeth's side, at which Dick frowned; the farmer rushed at the pigeon-pie; Sir John's servant carved the chickens and tongue, and drew the champagne corks, so that everyone presently was very busily employed. The sportsmen were hungry; the clear exhilirating air had brightened Elizabeth's usually dulled sjur.it, and given. a rare bloom to her cheeks, and a light to her beautiful eyes. As for Mr. Horton his spirits rose to exuberance. Merry were his jests, and gay and light-hearted his words — so much so that Sir John, who was his junior by ten years, looked on with amused .astonishment, wondering how a heart could continue young so long. Dick as usual grew captious aud dis agreeable after he had imbibed various glasses of champagne. ' How long are you going to slay, Elizabeth ?' he asked. ' Stay I' she answered, ' It was agreed that I was to drive Sir John and uncle home, you know — my going depends on you all.' ' Then I've to go in the dog-cart with the servants, I suppose ?' went on Dick sullenly. The dog-cart was Sir John's, which Dick might have considered himsalf honored by driving in, and in which they had all three come, but Dick was in one of those humour when everything is at fault. ' Have I to go in the dog-cart ?' re iterated Dick. 'Of course you have,' answered Sir John with a light laugh, who had over-heard him.' You see, Mr. Richard, age has some privileges, and Mr. Hortou and myself mean to avail ourselves of ours.' 'Oh, all right!' said Dick, roughly, shrugging his shoulders, 'but I suppose we may have a few more braces before we go?' , , ' Yes — but we must not keep you long, went on Sir John, turning to Elizabeth. 'Oh, I will walk up the woods,' said Elizabeth rising with a smile, ' and shall take my pony some bread. Do not hurry for me, Sir John.' .The three gentlemen and Elizabeth than left the servants to the -enjoyment ofthe repast spread out on the grass, and pro ceeded together part of the way through the woods; the sportsmen leaving Elizabeth at a certain point, and diverging- towards the open fields. Elizabeth gave her pony the bvead, and then led him to a spot in the woods that she had observed as she came down, where a spriag of clear water bubbled from some jutting rocks, and glided on to the river below' The pony drank the water, and peacefully cropped the long reedy grass around, while Elizabeth leant thoughtfully against the trunk of one of the old. moss-grown trees, listening almost unconsciously to the clear cheery notes of a robin, which, with all the boldness of its race, hopped from twig to twig upon a fallen branch lying quite near her. Then a big bee came droning and humming above her head, aud as the breeze stole through the trees, a faded leaf or two floated down ; while below she heard the ripple of the Scar stealing over its pebbly bed. But everything else seemed still. The cool, clear, luminous air, the whispering river, and the robin's note, all conduced to the peaceful, dreamy sensation which such scenes produce, and presently Elizabeth sat down, leaning her head against the tree, and closing her eyes to the outward world around her. But suddenly as she sat, there ranr through the air a cry — a human cry, loud, and full of some mortal terror or grief, striking dread into the listener's heart, and causing Elizabeth to spring hastily to her feet, and to hurry down to where she had left the servants sitting on the grass above the cave. The alarm had startled them also. Sir John's servant was on his feet, a curious look of interest in his face ; the farm youth was rising, and as Elizabeth ran towards them she caught a glimpse of Sir John himself running quickly up the narrow path along the riverside to the spot where they were. Hastily Elizabeth went to meet him, and breathlessly Sir John told his news. ' Your uucle has had an accident,' he said. ' James, which is the brandy ? Give it to me, and you men follow me at once. Come, Mrs. Horton,' he went on, ' take my arm. We shall be with him in a minute, and I trust and pray that it is not very serious.' ' How did it happen ?'' gasped Eliza beth. ' I can scarcely explain,' answered Sir John, and he led Elizabeth hastily on; led her from the wood into a field; then towards a hedge, at the other side of it, while the men followed, talking and wondering as they went. ' Can you get through here ?' said Sir John, pointing to the entangled hawthorn and brambles which composed the fence before them. Elizabeth bowed her head, too sick and trembling with appi'ehension to speak, and was assisted through the hedge by Sir John and the servants. Then, when she raised her eyes at the other side of it she saw her uncle lying on the ground, and Dick holding up his head and breast in his arms. ' Father, speak to me !' cried Dick, in tones of bitter agocy aud fear, as they drew near to them. ' Father, don't you know me— father— father !' 'What is it Dick?' said Elizabeth running up to them, and putting her hand on Dick's shoulder. ' How did it happen ? What is the matter?' Then Dick turned his face round — his white terror-stricken face — and gasped out — ' I did it — the trigger of the gun caught in the hedge! Oh! God, have mercy — God, have mercy, and don't let him die!' At this moment Sir John approached, laving his hand kindly but authoritatively on voung Horton's shoulder. 'Let my servant hold him,' he said, ' while I pour some brandy into his mouth. You are trembling so that you cannot fail to disturb him;' and with a groan — a moan of despair rather — Dick gave way, and Sir John's servant took his place. The brandy seemed to revive the appa rently insensible farmer, who presently opened his eyes, and looked wildly round, while Lissa tenderly clasped his hand. ' Uncle, darling uncle,' she said, ' are you better? You know me, don't you, uncle ?' At these words Mr. Ilorton seemed to gasp for breath, while Sir John, with an uneasy glance, laid his hand on his pulse, and then beckoned to his game-keeper. ' Take the horse from the dog-cart, he said hurriedly, ' and enquire at the ale house for the nearest doctor, and then ride for your life in search of him, and bring him here at once — remember, it is a matter of life or death,' he added in an emphatic whisper. The man ran hastily to obey his master's command, and Dick, who had thrown him self on the ground, lifted his head as he he.ar.dtU6. sound o£ hu departing footsteps, 'Where has he gone?' he asked, hoarsely. 'For the doctor,'' said Elizabeth, looking round to answer her husband's question: and then at the sight of Dick's white grief stricken face, Elizabeth rose and went towards him. 'Come beside father, dear Dick,' she said. 'Come, he will like to see you.' ' There's a curse on my hand,' muttered Dick — ' the curse of blood.' 'Nay, Dick, come,' urged Elizabeth; and so he went back to his father's side, while Elizabeth bent over, and kissed her uncle's clammy brow. At her touch the farmer again opened his eyes, and this time they fell on Sir John, who was kneeling near aud holding one of his hands. 'Sir John,' he said in a changed and hollow voice, and then he looked at Elizabeth, t( be land to my girl — after I am gone.' 'Ob, God! Oh, God!' groaned Dick, clasping his hand over his face. His father heard his voice of anguish, and, through the gathering mists and numb ness of death, groped his hand feebly forth to take his son's. 'My lad — it was an accident — ' he faltered out. 'Sir John — you will prove the accident — and — and — don't grieve, Dick — lam an old man— I am going to your mother — ' And with these words the farmer died. Chapter Xni. — The Rich Max's Wohd. There was scarcely a dry eye amongst those who carried 'back his body to the homestead, and related to the weeping women there how with a cry of insufferable anguish Dick had flung himself on his father's corpse after his father's death ; re fusing to be comforted, and calling on God to take him away from misery which was greater than he could bear. Dick's heart-rending grief was indeed piteous to behold. 'Father! father!' he had cried iu vain after the good man's soul was gone. ' Father say one word — only one — .' Alas, none came. The gentle, genial spirit of the farmer had received a sudden summons, for the ghastly gunshot wound, inflicted unin tentionally by Dick's careless hand, had left no hope of his life from the first ; his spine being fatally injured, and his death occur ing probably painlessly, and almost imme diately from the shock that his system had received. When Sir John saw that life was fled his first thoughts were for Elizabeth, but with streaming eyes and trembling hand she pointed to Dick's convulsed face. ' Try to comfort Dick,' she wept forth. 'Try, Sir John, to comfort poor, poor Dick.' Then Sir John endeavored to comply with her request, saying what consoling words he could to the miserable young man writhing beside his father's corpse ; putting his hand kindly through his arm, and trying to raise him to his feet. But Dick shrank back from the baronet's gentle touch. 'No, no,' he said shudderingly, 'I want no kindness — I want nothing from you.' 'Nay,' answered Sir John, 'do not say that. There are times, young man, when we all need kindness — and I wish to be your friend.' But sullenly and silently Dick repulsed this offer, and then Elizabeth went up to him, kneeling down by his side, and laying her hands on his shoulder and arm. 'Let me alone,' said Dick, 'what do you all care ?' ? 'Oh! Dick, you know I care,' said Elizabeth. 'Dick,' she whispered, 'do not add to iny despair in this miserable hour.' ' Yours ! you who have never loved me !' cried the unhappy Dick, pushing her away; 'you who have brought this curse upon my hand.' 'No, no.' said Elizabeth, clinging to him; 'let me comfort you now at least, Dick — let me love you now' ? As Elizabeth said this, Dick's head fell forward, and Elizabeth put her arms round his neck. ' Get up and come home, dear,' she said tenderly, for the young man's frantic grief was so evidently sincere that her heart was deeply touched. 'Sir John will see after our dear father — but let me take you home.' ' Take me away,' said Dick, aud he rose to his feet, and staggering like a blind man, Elizabeth led him away; Sir John and the servants remaining 'near Mr. Horton's body until it was carried to the homestead, where the inquest was held on the following day. At this inquest Sir John proved himself to be the friend that he had told Dick Ilorton that he wished to be ; exonerating him as far as lay in his power from any blame for the unfortunate accident that had cost his father his life. It was well for the young man indeed that the powerful in fluence of Sir John was used on this occa sion, for there were not a few of the free spoken farmers who composed the 12 men who sat in judgment, who had not hesi tated to pronounce the word ' man slaughter,' as applying to Dick's careless handling of his gun, and with whom indig nation was mingled with grief when they talked of the sudden and untimely death of their friend and neighbor. But Sir John, glib of tongue and high of rank, threw his powerful protection over Richard Horton, explaining how thick and entangled the hedge was where the unfor tunate catastrophe occurred ; how even he himself had found some difficulty in carry ing his weapon safely through it ; how a twig had sprung back and caught the trisger of Dick's gun ; and how such an accident, however much to be deplored, could have happened to any man. The farmers rubbed their foreheads, coughed, and, of course, could not dispute the opinion of their landlord and an eye witness also of the unhappy occurrence; and when Dick himself gave evidence, his ghastly looks, his evidently crushing, heart breaking grief, entirely dispelled any pre vious ill-feeling against him, and a verdict of accidental death was unanimously, as indeed most justly, recorded. So Dick went out of the room free of the guilt of blood- shedding, so far as his fellow men wera concerned ; but his settled gloom, his passionateand at times overwhelming remorse, was not the less bitter and com plete. He refused to attend his father's funeral, and sullenly refused also all consolation and condolence, alike from Sir John, Elizabeth, L and his fathers, frauds or his own, , ' Let me alone,' he said, and so he sat still and silent, while one after the other the funeral guests assembled; while the sound of strange feet were in tiie house ; and strange voices on the stairs. He heard them carry his father away — 'the genial, happy man, who had loved this son as he had loved his others, and been only too fond and forbearing a parent to them all. Oh! it was terrible, terrible! With a moan Dick flung himself on his knees, but not to pray. God was not near this unhappy young man, and earthly comforters were vain in this black hour. He had killed his father, and he cried aloud that the haud was cursed that wrought the deed. Elizabeth, however, though she was afraid to enter his room, was hovering near it, and when that ' exceeding bitter cry' reached her ears, she went softly and un bidden in, and knelt down by Dick's side, putting her hand in his. ' Let us pray, Dick,' she said, ' pray together.' ' Pray !' echoed Dick, ' fine prayers we two would make,' 'ana%e gave a bitter laugh. *' We have sinned,' said Elizabeth, ' but we have sorrowed. God will hear us, I am sure, dear Dick, if we ask comfort and for giveness together from him now.' 'No,' answered Dick, starting to his feet, ' I'm not going to begin to whine now. Do you see this hand, Elizabeth ?' he went on, darkly, holding out his right hand. ' There's blood on it — I've lolled my best friend, and the curse of blood is on my seul.' In this wild and desperate mood Dick continued for many days, and then he settled down into a continued and delibe rate fit of hard drinking. In vain Eliza beth remonstrated with him ; in vain his brothers; and even when the gentle and venerable clergyman, Mr. Hay, who had christened this young man, ventured to approach the subject, Dick answered him with sullen apathy. 'It helps me to forget, sir,'' he said, and the old man shook his head. 'Ah, Richard,' he said, 'drink is but a niocMng devil, ensnaring the senses, but to leave them ten times worse than before.' ' Mr. Hay,' answered Dick, looking with his dark, flushed, sullen face at the gentle priest, ' it's easy for those who live and feel like you to preach and pray — but if there is a God,' he went on with bitter reckless ness, ' He has made some of us with sins and passions stronger than He has given us power to resist.' ' Nay, nay, Richard,' said the good maa eagerly, 'there is no such thing. Did you ever try to resist? Did you ever pray for power ? God is not our tempter, but our merciful Father, slow to anger, and of great kindness.' ' Ihaven't founditso,' said Dick, bitterly, and in this unbelieving miserable creed he lived. But perhaps the strangest change that came upon him after his father's death was that his passionate and devoted love for Elizabeth seemed almost entirely altered. True he was still jealous of her slightest word; resenting angrily the friendly approaches of Sir John, whose heart was full of pity for Elizabeth, and who could scarcely contain for her sake his disgust and contempt for the unmannerly young man who rejected his kindly efforts, and yet who was so deeply indebted to him — a debt which he appeared entirely to forget and ignore. He ordered Elizabeth therefore not to have ' that man coming here,' and Elizabeth was forced with burning blushes and tears to tell Sir John thatT he had better not call to see her any more. ' My poor girl,' said Sir John, when shs made this communication, and that was all. But his simple words meant much, and before he took his leave he added a few touching and sincere ones. ' You remember my friend Mr. Horton's last request to me,' he said, ' when he lay dying, that I should be kind to you ? Will you promise me that if the time should ever come that I can be, that you will not forget the wishes of the dead F' Elizabeth's eyes filled with tears as she recalled her dear uncle's last tender words, and she put a trembling1 haud into Sir Johu's. ' I will not forget,' she said. But she little guessed that the time was to come when Sir John's kindness and pro tection was all that she had to rely upon to save her from sin or starvation and despair. Chapter XIV. — Coxsciexce. In spite of Dick's coldness — my Eliza beth sometimes thought his shuddering aversion to her now — she tried to do her duty to him as a faithful wife in the dark days after his father's death. She felt indeed such intense pity for him that she was ready to forgive ail his shortcomings. 'If I had done it,' she would say to herself, and shiver at the very thought of wbat must be Dick's miserable feelings now. During a sharp attack of illness, which was undoubtedly brought on by his exces sive drinking, Elizabeth attended on him with untiring devotion, and by doing so drew even some expression of gratitude for her kindness from the miserable man. ' You are very kind, Lissa,' he said one night, as she was sitting watching him; and Lissa rose, smiled, smoothed his pillow, and gently laid a fresh cold water bandage on his acning burning brow. As she did so Dick caught her hand in his, and pressed it to his lips. ' Oh ! why were you not always like this to me,' he said — 'why did you not love me long ago, Lissa — we might have been so happy then — ' Dick almost whispered the last few words, but Elizabeth heard them. 'We must try to be happy now,' she said gently, ' or at least content, Dick.' ' No, it cannot be,' said Dick, turning restlessly on his bed,' it cannot, cannot be.' ' But let us try, Dick,' urged Elizabeth ; but the young man only moaned and hid his face impatiently away from her. Still Dick was gentler after his illness, and for a time at least was more temperate iu his habits, and Elizabeth began to hope that the dark cloud might pass away from him — nay, leave him, perhaps, a better and more thoughtful man. So the autumn crept away, and the early winter came -^heralded in by a snow storm; the first snow which had fallen at Wendell since the fatal storm when Harry Tyrell's body had been found, and when all Eliza beth's bright hopes of happiness were ended. The sight of the white flakes again floating dowawards n.oti \uwafoffally pain. fully affected her, and prevented her noticing the dark gloomy looks with which Dick also regarded the falling show. All through the day he drank heavily, and at night bad to be half -dragged, half carried to his room, sinking into a heavy and apparently undiaturbed slumber when he got there; and after watching him for a little while, Elizabeth, wearied with the emotions sf the day, lay down on a couch, near, and presently fell into a light sleep. In the middle of the night however — about midnight — she suddenly awoke. The moon was shining in st the windows show ing each object more distinctly from the re flection of the white surface on the ground outside, aad when Elizabeth opened her eyes she had the startled feeling that she had been roused from her sleep by som» noise in the room. Wondering and hadf afraid she looked up, and even as she did so- s hollow, un natural voice near her said — 'B&rry; Tyrell!' It is almost impossible to describe the horror that Elizabeth felt as tha- name' of the unfortunate murdered young man in the dead of night thus sounded in- her eats, and a suppressed cry broke from- her pale lips, while her face grew w;hite and clammy. ' Are you come back ?' went on the sam» unnatural voice ; and then there was a violent movement, apparently in the bed, and Elizabeth starting up with a shriek ran towards it, and then saw Dick dis tinctly by the moonlight lying with ghastly face and upraised arms as- if va some frightful dream. ' Dick ! Dick !' she cried, rousing him, and after a while his heavy slumbering senses awoke. ' What is it ?' he said, andthenheahud dered. '? You were dreaming I think,' sail Elizabeth, still terrified. 'Have you beea dreaming ? — you were talking in your sleep, Dick.' 'Ay — what did I say?' he asked a moment later. ' Oh, some folly,' answered poor Eliza beth, ' but you startled me,' and then ahe lay down *on the couch again, hiding her head under a coverlet — unable to forget the awful sound of the dead man's name. Alas, this vision of Dick's was but tbs beginning of a frightful attack of braia delirium, for again in the middle of the following night Dick began to call aloud' on Harry Tyrell's name, and apparently to struggle in the most violent throes with some invisible adversary. Sick and pale Elizabeth rose and called? his brothers, but Dick did not know them, but sat up in the bed and shrieked an«E gazed with terror-stricken, -wide open eyes, at a ray of moonlight which crept in between the blind and the window ; apostrophising it as if it were some living, fearful thing. ' Come on!' he cried, waving his arms. ' Why do you stand there ? Why do you beckon me, Harry Tyrell, to follow you through the snow ?' 'He thinks it's Harry Tyrell's ghost,' said Hal Horton iu a frightened whisper in Elizabeth's ear. 'He's got delirium tremens' said Bob more coolly ; ' we had better send for the doctor, Lissa.' ' No. no, Bob,' answered Lissa, shrink- . ingly. ' Let us watch him ourselves — let us k'eep it a secret between us.' ' He was sure to take it,' went on Bob, ' going on as he's been doing. He drank a bottle of brandy yesterday, I'm certain.' ' Let us put in the shutters, and light the gas,' said the practical Hal, recovering his presence of mind and natural sharpness. 'It's the moonlight on the snow that makes him think of ghosts, for it shone just like this the night after Harry Tyrell was murdered.' ' Yes,' said Elizabeth shudderingly, ' put in the shutters Hal — light the gas and tha= fire — keep out the moon.' 'Are you gone ?' said Dick in the same unnatural voice, as Hal dashed in the shutters. ' Gone beckoning — beckoning, still — .' And he sprang out of bed, and endeavored to leap out of the window, but was forcibly held back by his two young brothers. His delirium changed in character aftei? the gas and the fire were lit, and he fancied that he was picking grain off- the bed, and feeding some tame pheasants which he had kept when he was a boy. It was easier to manage him when in this mood, and all the rest of the night Elizabeth and the two young Hortons sat up with him : Elizabeth soothing and'humoring hint as best she could. He was so exhausted and feeble in the morning that Elizabeth grew alarmed; and dared no longer resist sending for the country doctor near, who when he arrived shook his head, and tapped his forehead. ' Ah,' he said, ' brain, brain — an over wrought brain. What has he been taking, Mrs. Horton?' ' Since my poor uncle's- death,' hesitated Elizabeth, ' I say that poor Dick has been takipg too — much.' ' So I thought,' said the doctor, shaking his head again, and having all the tune a full and complete knowledge of the fact from the gossip in the neighborhood. ' Nervous excitability unduly developed by the over use of stimulants. A sad case but not uncommon — every excuse in the case of Mr. Richard, after the unfortunate accident when his poor father lost his life.' All day Dick continued very, ill, but towards night he grew quieter, aud when the doctor came in the evening he thought that the attack was yielding to treatment, and prophesied that Dick would soon ha well. Elizabeth and Bob agreed to sit up. with him, and as the night wore on Boixgrew weary, and slumbered in his chair, hut towards midnight a violent attack of horrors once more seized the uuf ortunate Dick. Again Elizabeth heard Harry Tyrell's name shrieked forth in tones o*f intense dread and fear; again with starting eyes Dick seemed writhing with an unseen foe, while great drops of dew broke out on hia ghastly f ace* It was 'Harry Tyrell, Harry Tyrell,' always, until Elizabeth grew sick with fear ; fancying even that she too saw a pala shadow in some dark corner of the room, resembling the form of the young man who had been carried into the dining-room on the morning that his lifeless body had been found. 'Oh, Bob!' she said, going up and waking her sleeping brother-in- law, who. started up and rubbed his eyes. 'What is it?' he said. «I declare I was dreaming— dreamyig of H^ry TyrelV* death,' 'He is calling on Mm again,' said Eliza beth, shivering and creeping nearer to Bob. 'Don't beckon, don't beckon any more !' shouted Diet from the bed. ' 111 come.' And again, as on the previous night, he sprang up, and again had to be forcibly re strained by his brother and Elizabeth. Night after night for nearly a week these dreadful attacks came on, until Elizabeth was utterly worn out with ?watching, while a vague dread and suspi cion began to creep into her mind. In the morning, and during the day, Dick_ was always quieter, but at night violent paroxysms shook him from limb to limb ; and he invariably addressed the same spectre that he fancied was in the room. Then little by little, his delusions grew less ?violent, and gradually yielded to the doctor's treatment, and in about ten days after his first seizure (Dick, pale, stricken, and changed, was once more able to appear 4own stairs. Sir John Tyrell called to ask how he ?was during his illness, and saw with real regret how dreadfully it had told upon Elizabeth. She was nervous to an alarming extent, and started at the least noise, and 3ier state left a very painful impression upon Sir John's mind. ^ ' I join my son in Paris next week,' he said in his quiet voice. ' Is— is he well ?' faltered Elizabeth. ?' Not very well I fancy,' answered Sir John. ut1 do not think that he has ever been Tery well since he went to China.' MNo,' said Elizabeth, and a choking spasm rose in her throat. Strange doubts indeed were beginning to oppose and dis rtract her mind. Why did the memory -of Harry Tyrell haunt Dick's disordered brain with such straisge pertinacity ? Was there any reason other than Ms father's death for his settled gloom, his sullen and determinate remorse? These thoughts had recurred again and again -to Elizabeth's mind during the dread midnight hours when Dick held hss ghastly converse with the dead. His brother Bob too had looked at Elizabeth once or twice with uneasy fear In his glance, when Dick repeated and re peated in tones of thrilling horror Harry Tyiell's name, always fancying that he was beckoning to him, 'or calling on Mm to follow him through the^snow. At last Bob spoke. ' Lissa,' he said in aiiawestruck whisger, 'can there be anything in this — can Dick — .' And his looks told the rest. *' God knows,'' answered Elizabeth, and the two sat still and -silent, not uttering even to each other the doubts and fears which involuntarily had struck them both. They never mentioned it again. Dick got better and came down stairs loelring the ghost of his former self, and nervous, and irritable to a frightful degree ; but ap parently had got a flight about drinking ; the doctor indeed, T?ho was himself a little red-faced man with -strong alcoholic pro clivities, had warned him of its fatal conse quences. ' Another such attack, Mr. Richard,' he had said, shaking-Ins head as usual when he wished to be very emphatic, '?' and I dare not contemplate the consequences. Epilepsy, my dear sir, lunacy, idiotey, death — all might be produced. I do not on principle object to stimulants' (people said the doctor certainly did not) 'but when the desire for them ,5e overpowering, uute strainable in f&et; to a reasonable quantity, then I say my young friend abstain. Yours is a case that requires total abstinence — be ?wise therefore and use it.' Aud having given this advice the doctor left, calling at the nearest ale-house on his road to have a glass of hot teaneiy aud water, as the morning was chill. One of Dick's great horrors after his ill ness was to go tc bed, and he used to beg and pray them t© £it up late, falling asleep many and many a time through pure ex haustion in his chair. It was difficult te spend the long winter Jiights, and so I'^izaheth proposed whist {though she disliked cards) by way of amusing Dick, and the three elder cousins used to sit and play very sedately and «oberly, Hal being die 'only livelv one.of the jiarty.' ?' JVly belief is,' said this boy c-ee nijfht, *' that if I were presaaturely cut off, that the proverbial ditch-water would.be spark ling in comparison to the liveliness of my remaining sorrowing family. .Lissa, my dear, if farming getsfvorse, don't you think Dick and Bob would w£ke their fortunes as mutes ? Yes, the undertaking business is certainly open to our family.' Only a very feeble laugh was raised in answer to this sally, and it was no doubt true that the family circle .at Wendell farm was now a very dull one. Every day they missed the farmer's cheery good nature, who ever ready ^with his [jest and his laugh had made small jnievanees seem lighter, and Isrjre ones easier to bear. He was gone now, ani his honored name could never even be mentioned in his household. Dick was to be kept quiet aud amused, the doctor said, and 'father' therefore -was a word .now never heard at Wendell- West House. As the anniversary of poor Harry TyrelTs death drew near, Lissa felt a little strange but perhaps not unaccountable dread of its approach. Dick since his recovery had had lie more frightful dreams or visions appa rently, but he often talked still in kis rest less -sleep, and had twice given Elizabeth a terrible fright by walking in it. Each time when she awoke and missed him, the idea of suicide had occurred to her amid, but on he? rousing Bab and Hal, Dick asleep, with Iialf^open, fixed, expres sionless eyes, was discovered once near the door of an unfrequented laige attic room is tLe rear of the house, and another time trying apparently to undo the fastenings of *tke Jbouseidcor. ' Everyone in the house remeabered what day it was wben the pale winter morning dawned at Wendell on the anniversary of Harry's murder. Elizabeth had watchel its first fceanis of light appear with deep emotion, perplexity aud regret stiransr in her heart. JShe scarcely dared to l&dk; at her huebaad's face, f&ough; when she did his knitted brow, his j&llor; and restless wd excited ways,, added not a little to her paie f ul curiosity, to her unsatisfied aud anxious doubts. No one spoke of it at breakfast, no one, until- Hal, with boyish carelessness said — *' D'ye know what 'day this is ?' ' Yes, yes,' said Elizabeth hastily. 'The seventeenth of December,' went on ; Hal, ' Tke day when Harry Tyrell was—'' *' Ko use mentioning disagreeables,' said Bob, interrupting the irrepressible boy, for his eyes had fallen on Dick's white and cian-jjjy face. ' 'A great deal of use, I think,' con tinued master Hal. ' Be silent,' said Dick, pasionately, ' be silent,' and he started up from the 'break fast-table, and Bob and Lissa looked at each other with one glance of mutual fear as he left the room. ' My belief,' said Hal the next minute, ' is that Dick knows more than he chooses to tell about the murder. D'ye remember when he fead the D.T., Lissa, how he always fancied Harry Tyrell's ghost was in the roern ?' ?' You'd better~take care what you say, I think,' said Bob. ' You'll have Dick ill again with your folly, if you don't miud. You 3mow he is not tfee same fellow since poor father's death.' 'Well, if I'd had the D.T., and I'd been Hick,' answered Hal, who always had the last word, ' it would have been poor father's ghost and not Harry Tyrell's that would have haunted me. I don't blame luxn — nobody cen, but for all that I shouldn't like fc© have the old man's blood upon my hand.' {To le continued.) 