EEEMA: Or MY FATHER'S SIN. BrE.D. BIACKIIOBE, AUTHOB OF "IiOBNA DOON," "AUCB IiORBAravE," &C.; j CHAPTER XXXIII.-LORD CASTLEWOOD. In the morning, when I was called again to see uiy afflicted cousin-Stixon junior having gladly gone to explain things for me at Bruntsea- little asl knew ot* any bodily pain (except hunger, or thirst, or weaarines3, and once in my life a head ache), I stood before Lord Castlewood with a de ference and humility such as I had never felt be fore towards any human being. Not only because he bore perpetual pain in the two degrees of night and day-the day being dark and the night jet black-without a murmur or an evil word ; not only because through the whole of this he had kept his mind clear, and his love of knowledge bright ; not even because ho had managed, like Job, to love God through the whole of it. Ali these were good reas-ras for very great and very high respect of any man ; and when there was no claim what erer on his part to any such feeling, it needs must come. But when I learned another thing, high respect at once became what might be called deep reverence. And this came to pass in a simple, and as anyone must confess, quite inevitable way. It was not to be supposed that I could sit the whole or my first evening in that house without a soul to speak to. So far as my dignity and sense of right permitted, I wore out Mr. Stixon, so far aa ho would go, not asking him, anything that the very worst-minded person could call "inquisitive," hut allowing him to talk, as he seemed to like to ' do, while he waited upon me, and alternately la mented my hapless history, and my hopeless want of/taste. "Ah, your father, the Captain, now, he would havoknowed what this is ! You've no right to his eyes, Miss Erma, without his tongue and palate. JNO more of this, Miss! and done for you a-purpose ! "Well, cook will be put out and no mistake ! 1 better not let her see it go down anyhow." And the worthy man tearfully put some dainty by, per haps, without; any view to his own supper. "Lord Castlewood spoke to me about a Mrs. \- Price-the housekeeper, is she not ?" I asked at last, being so accustomed to like what I could get, that the munher of dishes wearied me. " Oh, yes, Miss," said Stixon, vory shortly, as if that description exhausted Mrs. Price. , " If she is not too busy, I should like to seo ker AS soon as these things are all taken away. 1 mean if she is not a stranger, and if she would like to see me?" " No new-comers here," Mr. Stixon replied ; " we all works our way up regular, the same as my lad is beginning for to do. New-fangled ways is not .accepted here. We puts the reforming spirits scrubbing of the steps till their knuckles is cracked and their knees like a bean. The old lord was the > man 'for discipline-your grandfather, if you please, Miss. He catched me when I were about ' that high-" " Excuse me, Mr. Stixon, but would he have en couraged you to talk as you so very kindly talk to ? me, instead of answering a question ?" I thought poor Stixon would have been upset by this, and was angry with myself for saying it. But . instead of being hurt, he only smiled and touched his forehead. " Well, now, you did remind me uncommon of him then, Miss. I could have heard the old lord speak almost, though he were always harsh and distant. And as I was going for to say he catched me fifty years agone next Lammas tide; a poar tree of an early sort it was, you may see the very tree if you please to stand here, Miss, though the . pBars is quite altered now, and scarcely fit to eat. Well, I was running off, with my cap chockful, . Miss--" "Please to keep that story for another time;" I said ; " I shall be most happy to hear it then. But I have a particular wish, if you pleose, to see Mrs. Price before dark, unless there is good reason . why I should not." "Oh no, Miss Erema, no reason at all. Only pleaso to bear in mind, Miss, that she is a coorous ."woman. She is that jealous, and I might say <(?. forward-" : "Then, she is capable of speaking for herself." "You are right, Miss, there, and no mistake. She can speak for herself and for fifty others ; words enough, I mean, for all of them. But I would not have her know for all the world that I ¿aid it." "Then if you do not send her to me at once, the first thing I shall do will be to tell her." " Oh, no, Miss, none of your family would do that ; that never has been done anonymous." I assured him my threat was not in earnest, bul of pure impatience. And having no motive bul downright jealousy for keeping Mrs. Price fron me, he made up his mind at last to let her come .But he told me to be careful what I said ; I mus not expect it to be at all like talking to himself for instance. . The' housekeeper came up at last, by dint of mj persistence, and she stopped in the doorway anc . made me a curtesy, which put me out of comité nance, for nobody over does that in America, ant . scarcely anyone in England now, except in country dancing. Instead of being as described hy Stixon Mrs. Price was of a very quiet, sensible, and res pectful kind. She was rather short, but lookei rather tall, from her even walk and manner of car rymg her head. Her figure was neat, and her luci clear-spoken, with straight pretty eyebrows, ant calm bright eyes. I felt that I could tell her al mo8t ftnything, and she would think before sin raited of it. And in my strong want of soon woman to advise with- Betsy Bowen being ver; h tí very nai'row, and Mrs. Hockin a men ono of the Major, until he contradicted lier, ant Suan Isco, -with her fine, large views, five thou sand miles out of sight just now-this was a state ot tilings to enhance the value of any good coun tenance feminine. At any rate, I was so glad to see her, that, being still ungraduated in the steps of rank (though be ginning to like a good footing there), I ran up and took her by both hands, and fetched her out of her grand curtsey and into a low chair. At this she was surprised, as one quick glance showed: ; and she thought me, perhaps, what is called in England " an impulsive creature." This put me again upon my dignity, for I never have been in any way like that, and I clearly perceived that she ought to un derstand a little more distinctly my character. It is easy to begin with this intention, hut very hard indeed to keep it up when anybody of nice ways and looks is sitting with a proper deferen tial power of listening, and liking one's young ideas, which multiply and magnify themselves at each demand. So after some general talk about the weather, the country, the house, and so on, we came to the people of the house, or any rate the chief person. And I asked her a few quiet ques tions about Lord Castlewood's health and habits, and anything else she might like to tell me. For many things had seemed to me a little strange and out of the usual course, and on that account wor thy to he spoken of without common curiosity. Mrs. Price told me that there were many things generally divulged and credited, which therefore lay in her power to communicate without any de rogation from her office. Being pleased with these larger words (which I always have trouble in pro nouncing) I asked her whether there was anything else. And she answered yes, but unhappily of a nature to which it was scarcely desirable to allude in my presence. I told her that was not satisfac tory, and I might say quite the opposite; that having " alluded" to whatever it might be, she was bound to tell me alt about it. That I had lived in very many countries, in all of which wrong things continually went on, of which I continually heard just in that sort of way and no more. Enough to make one uncomfortable, but not enough to keep one instructed and vigilant as to things that ought to be avoided. Upon this she yielded either to my arguments or to her own dislike of unreasonable silence, and gave me the following account of the misfortunes of Lord Castlewood : Herbert William Castlewood was the third son of Dean Castlewood, a younger brother of my grandfather,'and was born in the year 1806. He was older, therefore, than my father, hut still (even before my father's birth, which provided a direct heir) there were many lives betwixt him and the family estates. And his father, having as yet no promotion in the Church, found it hard to bring up his children. The eldest son got a commission in the army, and the second entered the navy, while Herbert was placed in a bank at Bristol, not at all the sort of life that he would have chosen. But being of a gentle, unselfish nature, as well as a weak constitution, ho put up with his state in life, and did his best to give satisfaction. This calna courage generally has its reward, and in the year 1812, not very long before the de th of my grandfather at Shoxford, Mr. Herbert Castle wood, bein.* well-connected, well-behaved, diligent, and pleasing*, obtained a partnership in the firm, which was, perhaps, the foremost in the west of England. His two elder brothers happened then t-j be at home, Major and Commander Castlewood, each of whom had seen very hard service, and found it still harder slavery to make both ends meet although bachelors. But, returning full of glory, they found one thing harder still, and that was to extract any cash from their father, the highly venerated Dean, who iii that respect if in no other veiw closely resembled the head of the family. Therefore these brave men resolved to go and see their Bristol brother, to whom they were tenderly attached, and who now must have money enough and to spare. So they wrote to their brother to meet them on the platform, scarcely believing that they could be there, in so short a time from London; for they never had travelled by rail before, and they set forth in wonderful spirits, and laughed at the strange, giddy gush of the travelling, and made bets with each other about punctual time (for trains kept much better time while newj, and, as long as they could time it, they kept time to a se cond. But, sad to relate, they wanted no chrono meters when they arrived at Bristol, both being killed at a blow, with their watches still goin^, and a smile on their faces. Por tho train had run int J a wall of Bath stone, and several of the pas sengers were not killed. The sight of his two brothers carried out like this, after so rnauy years of not seeing them, was too much for Mr. Herbert Castlewood's nerves, which always had been delicate. And he shivered all the more from reproach of conscience, having made up his mind not to lend them any money, as a practical hanker was compelled to do. And from that very moment ho began to feel great pain. Mrs. Price assured me that the doctors all agreed that nothing but change of- climate could restore Mr. Castlewood's tone and system, and being full of art (though so simple, as she said, which she could not entirely reconcile) he set off for Italy, and there he stopped, with the good leave of his partners, being now valued highly as heir to the Dean, who was known to have put a good trifle together. And in Italy my father must have found him, as related by Mr. Shovelin, and there received kindness and comfort in his trouble, if trouble so deep could be comforted. Now I wondered and eagerly yearned to know whether my father, at such a time, and in such a state of loneliness, might not have been led to impart to his cousiu, and host, and protector, the dark mystery which lay at the bottom of his nwn conduct. Knowing how res >lute »md stern he was and doubtless then embittered by the wreck of love and life, I thought it more probable that he had kept silence even towards so near a relative, especially as he had seen very little of his cousin Herbert till he had found him thus. Moreover, my grandfather and the Dean had spent little bro therly love on each other, having had a lifelong feud about a copyhold furze-break of nearly three quarters of an acre, as Betsy remembered to have heard her master say, To go on, however, with what Mrs. Price was saying. She know scarcely anything about my father, because she was too young at that time to be called into tbe counsels of the servants' hall, for she scarcely was thirty^rive yet, as she declared, and she certainly did not look forty. But all about the present Lord Castlewood she knew Detter than anybody else, perhaps, because she had been in the service of his wife, and, indeed, her chief attendant. Then, having spoken of her master's wife, Hrs. Price caught herself up, and thenceforth called her only his " lady." Mr. Herbert Castlewood, who had miuded his business for so many years, and kept himself aloof from ladies, spending all his leisure in good litera ture, at this time of life and in this state of health (for the shock he had received struck inwards), foll into an accident tenfold worse, the fatal acci dent of love. And this malady raged the more powerfully with him on account of breaking out so late in life. In one of the picture galleries at Florence, or some such place, Sirs. Price declared he met with a lady who made all the pictures look cold, and dull, and dead to him. A lovely young creature she must have been (as even Mrs. Price, who detested her, acknowledged), and to the eyes of a learned but not keen man, as good as lovely. My father was gone to look after me, and fetch me out of England ; but even if he had been there, perhaps he scarcely could have stopped it ; for this Mr. Castlewood, although so quiet, had the family fault of tenacity. Mrs. Price, being a very steady person, with a limited income, and enough t > do, was inclined to look down upon the state of mind in which Mr. Castlewood became inv> lved. She WAS not there at the moment, of course, but suddenly sent for when all was settled; neverthelsss, she found out afterwards how it be^an from her master's man, through what he had for . dinner. And in the kitchen-garden at Castlewood no rampion would she allow while she lived. I asked her whether she had nd pity, no sympathy, no fine feeling, and how she could have become Mrs. Price if she never had such sentiments. But she said that they only called her " Mistress" on account of her au thority, and she never had been drawn to the oppo site sex, though many times asked in marriage. And what she had seen of matrimony led her far away from it. I was sorrv to hear her say this, and felt damped, till I thought that the w. rid was not all alike. Then she told me, just as if it were no mora than a bai'gain for a pound of tallow candles, how Mr. Herbert Castlewood, patient and persistent, was kept off and on for at least two years by the mo ther of his sweet idol. How the old lady held a balance in her mind as to the likelihood of his succession, trying, through English friends, to find the value and the course of property. Of what nation she was Mrs. Price could not say, and only knew that it must be a bad one. She called her self the Countess of Ixorism, as truly pronounced in English; and she really was of good family, too, so far as any foreigner can be. And her daughter's name was Flittaiuore, not according to the right spelling, perhapsj but pronounced with the çroper accent. Flittamore, herself, did not seem to care, accord ing to what Mrs. Price had been told, but left her self wholly in her mother's hands, being sure ol her beauty still growing upon her, and desiring to have it admired and praised. And the humber of foreigners she always had about her, sometimes made her real lover nearly give her up. But alas ! he was not quite wise enough for this, with all that he had read, and learned, and seen. Therefore, when it was reported from Spain th t my father had been killed by bandits-the truth being that he was then in Greece-the countess at last con sented to the marriage of her daughter with Heri bert Castlewood, and even seemed to press it for ward for some reasons of her own. And the happy couple set forth upon their travels, and Mrs. Price was sent abroad to wait upon the lady. For a few months they seemed to get on very well, Flittamore showing much affection for her husband, whose age was a trifle more than her own doubled, while he'was entirely wrapped up in her, ; and laboured that the graces of her mind might be worthy to compare with those more visiblo. But her spiritual face and most sweet poetic eyes were vivid with bodily brilliance alone. She had nei ther mind enough to learn, nor heart enough to pretend to learn. It is out of my power to deseribe such things, even if it were my duty to do so, which, happily, it has never been ; moreover, Mrs. Price, in what she told me, exorcised a just and strict reserve. Enough, that Mr. Castlewood's wedded life was I done with in six months and three days. Lady Cas tlewood-as she would be called, though my fa ther still was living, and his cousin disclaimed the title-away she ran from some dull German place, after a very stiff lesson in poetry, and with her ran off a. young Englishman, the present Sir Montague Hockiu. Ile was Mr. Hockin then, and had not a halfpenny of his own ; but Flittamore met that difficulty by robbing her husband to his last farthing. This had happened about twelve years back, soon after I was placed at the school in Languedoc, to which I was taken so early in life that I almost forgot all about it. But it might have been better for poor Flittamore if she had been brought up al a steady place like that, with sisters und ladies ol retreat, to teach her the proper description of her duties to mankind. I seemed now in my own mind to cjndemn her quite onough, feeling how su perior her husband must have been ; but Mrs Price went even further, and became quite indig nant that anyone should pity her. " A hussy, a hussy, a poppet of a hussy 1" she excl iimod, with greater power than her quiet fac( could indicate ; " never would I look at her. Spoal< never so, Miss Castlewood. My lord is the verj best of all men, and she has made him what he is Tho pity she deserves is to be trodden under f ot as I saw them do in Naples." After all the passion I had seen among rougli people, I scarcely could help trembling at thc depth of wrath dissembled, and firmly controlled, in calm clear eyes under very steadfast eye brows. It was plain that Lord Castlewood had, at any rate, the gift of being loved by his de pendents. " I hope that he took it aright 1" I cried, catchme s .mie of her indignation ; " I hope that he cast hei to tho winds, without even a sigh for such a crue! creature 1" ",IIe was not strong enough," she answered sadly "nia bodily health, -waa not equal to it. From childhood he had been partly crippled and spoiled in his nerves by an accident. And the shock oE that sight at Bristol was too much for him. And now this third and worse disaster, coming upon him where his best hoj. es lay, and at such a time of life, took him altogether off his le¿s; and off his head too, I might almost say, Miss ; for, instead of blaming her, he put the fault entirely upon himself. At his time of life, and in such poor health, he should not have married a bright young girl ; how could he ever hope to make'her happy ? " That was how he looked at it, when he should nave sent constables after her." " And what became of her-the mindless animal, to forsake so good and great a man ? I do hope ehe was punished, and that vile mari, too." " She was, Miss Castlewood ; but he was not ; at least, he has n it received justice yet. But he will, he wihV.he will, Miss ; the treacherous thief ! And my lord received him as ayouug fellow-country man under a cloud, and lent him "money, and saved .. him from starving; for he had broken, with his father, and was running from his creditors." " Tell me no more," I said ; " not another word. It is my fate to meet that- well, that gentleman, almost every day. And he, and he-oh, how thankful I am to have found out all this about him." The above will show why, when I met my fa ther's cousin on the following morning-with his grand calm face, as benevolent as if he had passed a night of luxurious rest, instead of sleepless agony-I knew myself to he of a lower order, in mind, and sou', and heart, than his-a small, nar row, passionate girl, in the presence of a largo, broad-sighted, and compassionate man. I threw myself altogether on his will ; for, when I trust, I trust wholly. And, under his advice, I. did not return with auy rash haste to Bruntsen, but wrote in discharge of all duty there; while Mrs. Price, a clear and steadfast woman, was sent to London to see 'Wilhelmina dtrouss. Those two must have had very great talks together, aud both being zealous and faichful, they came to .nany misunderstandings. However, on the whole, they became very honest friends, and sworn allies'at last, discovering more, the more they talked, against people whom they felt a common and just enmity. ? CHAPTER XXXIV.-SHOXFOBD. ' Are there people who have ¿ever, in the course of anxious life, felt desire to be away, to fly away from everything, however good and dear to them, and rest a little, and think new thought, or let new thought How into them, from tho gentle air of some new place, where nobody has heard of 'them ? Aplace whose cares, being felt by proxy, almost seem romantic, and where the eyes spare brain and heart, with a critic's self-complacence. If any such place yet remains, the happy soul may eoek it',in au English village. A village where no billows are, to stun or con found it; no crag or precipices to trouble it with giddiness; and where no hurry of restless tide makes time, its Own father, uneasy. But in the quiet, at the bottom of the valley, a beautiful rivu let, belonging td the place, hastens or lingers, ac cording to its mood ; hankering hero and there, not to be away yet; and then, by the doing of its own work, led to a perplexity of ripples. Here along its side, and thero softly leaning over it, fresh green meadows lie reposing in the settled meaning of the summer day. For this is a safer timo of year than the flourish of the spring-tide, when the im pulse of young warmth awaking was suddenly smitten by the bleak east wind ; and cowslip, and cuckoo flower,'and speedwell got their bright lips browned with cold. Then, moreover, must the meads have felt the worry of scarcely knowing yet what would be {demanded of tpem;'whe ther to carry an exacting load of hay, or only to feed a few sauntering cows. ' ' "'ï'ï' But now every trouble has been settled for the best ; the long grass is mown, and the sh .rt grass browsed ; and capers of the fairies, and caprices of the cowp,have dappled w.irn texture with a deeper green. Therefore, let oyes that are satisfied hère as any but a very bad eye must be, with so many changes bf softness-follow the sweet lead of the valley ; and there, in the bend of the gently brawl iug river, stands the never brawling church. A church less truubled with the gift of tongues is not to be found in England. A church of grey stone, that crumbles just enough to entice frail mortal sympathy, and confesses to the storms it has undergone, in a tone that conciliate tho human sigh. The tower is large, and high enough to tell what way tho wind is, without any potatc-berry on the top ; and the simple roof is not cruciated with tiles of misguided fancy. But grey rest, and peace of ages, and content of lying calmly six feet deeper than the bustle of the quick ; memory, also, and oblivion tallowing each other slowly, like the shadows of the churchyard trees-for all of those no better place can be, nc r softer comfort. For the village of Shoxford runs up on the rise, and straggles away from its burial-p'ace, as a child from his school goes mitching. There are some few little ups and downs in the manner of its building, as well as in other particulars about it ; but still it keeps us parallel with the crooked river as the far more crooked ways of men permit. But tho whole of the little road of houses runs down the valley from tho churchyard gato ; and above tho church, looking up the pretty valley, stands nothing but the mill, and the plank bridge below it ; and a furlong above that ugain the Btone bridge, where the main rond crosses tho stream, and is consoled by loading to a big house- the Moon stock Inn. The house in which my father lived so long-or rather, I should say, my mother, while ho was away with his regiment-and where we unfortunate seven saw the light, stands about half-way down the little village, being on tho right-hand side of the road, as you come down tho valley from the Moonstock t ridge.. Therefore, it is on the further and upper side of the street-if it can bo called a street-from the valley and tho river, aud tho mends below tho mill ; inasmuch as every bit of Shoxford and every particle of the parish, nlso, has oxistence -of no mean sort, as compared with other parishes in its own esteem- on tho right sido of the river Moon. My f ather's house in this good village, standing endwise to the street, was higher at one end-than at the other. That is to say, the ground came slot ing, or even falling, as fairly might be said, froi one end to the other of it, so that it looked like Noah's ark, tilted by Behemoth under the sterr post. And a little lane, from a finely wooded hil here fell steeply into the " IIi,h-street" (as th grocer and the butcher loved to call it), and mad my fathers house most distinct, by obeying a goo deal of its outline, and discharging in heavy rain free supply of water under the weatherboard c our front door. This front door opened on th little steep.triangle formed by the meeting of lan and road, while the back door led int ) a long bu narrow garden running along the road, but raise some feet above it ; the bank was kept up by rough stone wall, crested with stuck-up snap-drr gon and valerian, and faced with rosettes, an disks, and dills, of house-leek, pennywort, an heartstongue. Betsy and I were only just in time to see the ol house as it used to be ; for the owner had r.ied abou a year ago, and his grandson, having proved hi will, was resolved to make short work of it. Th poor house was blamed for the sorrows it had shel tered, and had the repute of two spectres, as wei as the pale shadow of misfortune. For my dea father was now believed, by the superstitious vii lagers, to haunt the old home of his happiness an love, and roam from room to pom in search of hi wife and all his children. But his phantom wa most careful not to face that of his father, wh stalked along haughtily, as behoved a lord, am pointed for ever to a red wound in its breast. Ni woncltr, therefore, that tho house wou'.d never let and it would have been pulled down long ago, i the owner had not felt a. liking for it, through me mories tender and peculiar to himself. His grand san, having none of these to contend with, resolve< to make a mere stable of it, and a public housi at the bottom of the garden, and turn tho spaci ' between them into a skittle-ground, and so forth. To me this seemed to be such a very low idea a and such a desecration of a sacred spot, that, if 1 had owned any money to be sure of, I would havi offered hundreds to prevent it. But I found my self now in a delicate state of mind concernin¡ money ; having little of my own, and doubting hov much other people might intend for me. So that ] must not [offer to buy land, and a house, withou any means to pay. And it was not for that reson only that Betsy ant I kept ourselves quiet. "We know that any stir ii this little place about us-such as my name migh at once set going-would once for all destroy al hope of doing go:d by coming. Betsy knew mon of such matters than I did, besides all her know ledge of the place itself, and her great superiority of age; therefore I left to her all little manage ment, as was in every way fair and wise. For Mrs Strouss had forsaken a large and good company o lodgers, with only .her Strouss to look after then -and who was he" among them P If she trod 01 one side of her foot, or felt a tingling in her linne or a buzzing in her ear, she knew in a moment wha it was-of pounds and p unds was she bein¡ cheated, a hundred miles off, by foreigners. For this reason it had cost much persuasior and many appeals to her faithfulness, as well a considerable weekly payment, ere ever my gooi nurse could bo brought away from London; and pernaps, even s ?> she never would have come, if j had not written myself to Mrs. Price, then visiting Betsy in European-square, that if the landlady was too busy to be spared by her lodgers, I must try to get Lord Castlewood to spare me his housekeeper. Urjon this Mrs. Strouss at once declared that Mrs. Price would ruin everything ; and rather than that -no matter what she lost-she herself would go with me. And so she did, and she managed very well, keeping my name out of sight-for, happen what might, I would have no false one-and she got. quiet lodgings in her present name, which sounded nicely foreign ; and the village being more agitated now about my father's material house, and tho work they were promised in pulling it down, than about his shattered household, we had a very favourable time for coming in, and were pronounced to be foreigners who must not be allowed to run up bills. This rustic conclusion suited us quite well ; and we soon confirmed it unwittingly, Betsy offering a German thaler' and I an American dollar at the shop of the village chandler and baker, so that we were looked upon with some pity, and yet a kind desire for our custom. Thus, without any attempt of ours at either delusion or mystery, Mrs. Strouss was hailed throughout the place as " Madam Straw;" whi'e I, through the sagacity of a deeply read shoemaker, obtained a foreign name, as will by-and-by appear. "Wo lodged nt the post-office ; not through any wisdom or even any thought on our part, but sim ply because we happened there to find the cleanest , and prettiest rooms iii the place. For the sun be . ing now in the height of August, and having much harvest to ripen, at middle day came ramping down the little street of Shoxford, like the chair man of the guild of bakers. Every house having ; lately brightened up its whitewash-which they always do there when the frosts are over, soon after the feast of Saint Barnabas-and the weeds of the way having fared amiss in tho absence of any wa tercart, it was not in the strong, sharp character of the sun to miss such un :pportunity. After the red Californian glare, I hud no fear cf any English sun, but Betsy was frightened, and both of us were glad . to get into a little place she tered by green blinds. . This chanced to be the p st-office ; and there we found nice lodgings. By an equal chance this proved to bo the wisest thing we could possibly have dono, if we had set about it carefully. For why, that nobody over would impute any desire of secrecy to people who straightway unpacked their boxes at tho very head quarters of all the village uows. And the mistress of tho post was a sliurp-tongued woman, pleased to . speak freely of lier neighbours' doings, and prompt with good advico that they should mind their own business, if any of them durst say a word about her own. She kept a tidy littlo shop, snowing something of almost everything ; but wo had a side door, quite of our own, where Butsy mot the baker's wile, and the veritable milkman ; and nei ther of thom knew her; which was just what she had hoped ; and yet it made her speak amiss of them. But'if nil things must be brought to the harsh test of dry reason, I myself might be hard pushed to say what good I hoped to do by coming thus to Shoxford. I knew of a great many things, for certain, that never had been thoroughly examined here; also, I naturally wished to see, being a native, what the natives were ; and much more than that, it was always on my mind that here lay my mo ther, and the other six of us. Therefore it was an impatient thing for mo to hear Betsy working out the afternoon with perpe tual chatter and challenge of prices, combating now as a lodger all those points which as a land lady she never would allow even to be moot ques tions. If any applicant in European-squire had dared so much as hint at any of all the require ments which she now expected gratis, she wou'd simply have whisked her duster, and said that the lodgings for such people must be looked for down alley. However, Airs. Busk, our new landlady, although she had a temper of her own (as anyone keeping a post-office must have), was forced by the rarity of lodgers here to yield many points, which Mrs. Strouss, on her own boards, would not even have allowed to be debated. All this was entirely against my wish ; for when I have money 1 spend THE NEW YOKE BODICE. it, finding really no other good in it ; but Betsy told me that the purest principle of all was-not to be cheated. So I left her to have these little matters out, and took that occasion for stealing away (as the hours grew on* towards eveniug) to a place where I wished to be quite alone. And the shadow of the western hills shed peace upen the valley, when I c.ossed a little stilo leading into Shoxford churchyard. For a minute or two I was quite afraid, seeing nobody anywhere a out, nor even hearing any sound in the distance to keep me company. For the church lay apart from the village, and was thickly planted out from it, the living folk being full of superstition, and deeply believing in the dead people's ghosts. And even if this were a wife to a husband, or even a husband reappearing to his wife, there was not a man or a woman in the vil lage that would not run from it. This I did not know nt present, not having been there long enough ; neither had I any .terror of that sort, not being quite such a coward, I should hope. But still as the mantles of the cold trees darkened, and the stony remembrance of the dead grew pale, and of the living there was not even the whistle of a grave digger-my heart got the better of my mind for a moment, and made me long to be across tho stile again. Because (as I said to myself,) if there had been a hill to go up, that would be so different, and so easy ; but going down into a place like this, whence the only escape must be by steps, and whero any flight must be along channels, that run in and out of graves and tombstones, I tried not to be afraid, yet could .not altogether help it. But lo, when I carno to tho north side of the tower, scarcely thinking what to look for, I found myself in the middle of a jilaco which made me stop and wonder. Hero were six little grassy tuftots, according to the length oE children, all laid east and west, without any stint of room, har moniously. From tho eldest to tho youngest, one could al most tell tho ago at which their lowly stature stopped, and took its final measurement. And in the middle was a larger grave to comfort and encourage them, ns a hen lies down among her chicks, and waits for them to shelter. Without a name to any of them, all these seven graves lay together, as in a fairy ring of rest, and kind com passion had prevented any stranger from coining to be buried there, I -would not sit on my mother's grave for fear of crushing the pretty grass, -which someone tended carefully; but I stood at its foot, and bent my head, and counted all the little ones. Then I thought of my father in the grove of peaches, more than six thousand miles away, on the bunks of the soft'Blue River. And a sense of desolate sorrow, and of the blessing of death, overwhelmed me. (TO DE CONTINUED.) 