The Sydney Morning Herald. SATURDAY, JUNE 15, 1878. The readjustment of the incidence of taxation has been held out as a part of the programme of the Grey Miniistry in New Zealand. The Opposition Press, however, has remarked that in the latest foreshadowing of Ministerial policy, by Mr. BALLANCE, there is no promise of readjustment in the sense of lightening burdens already found too heavy, but simply an announcement that additional pressure is to be applied by means of a land-tax. We republished, the other day, a portion of Mr. BALLANCE'S speech referring to that question. It indicates an intention to deal with the matter more lightly and more equitably than it has been treated in Victoria. The idea is to avoid the taxing of improvements, and to con- sider only the natural value of the land, which would be divided into three classes, and pay one penny, twopence, and threepence per acre in each respectively. Properties under 320 acres in extent would be exempt, and 320 acres would also be exempt from taxation in every property of larger area. By this means, it is expected, a revenue of £150,000 per annum would be raised. Mr. BALLANCE also talks of levying 2½ per cent. upon the net income of large companies that are reaping handsome profits in the colony—the amount being ascer- tained by reference to their published accounts. It will be seen that theso proposals would procure the additional revenue from a much wider surface than Mr. BULUIY'S land-tax does. The exempted properties are only those of less than 320 acres in area, and the pressure would not theioioro bo placed upon one numerically small class. The desire of the Government is said to bo to impose a tas that could bo easily borne, and would provo burdensome only in the ease of large tracts of neglected country. The exemption is said to bo based upon tlio same piinciple as the exemption of small in- comes from the income-tax in England. When Mr. Scnvics proposed tho introduction of a laud-tax in Victoria some"ycars ago, ho followed the same course, and defended it by referring to the samo piecedent. But it is not clear that tho piecedent applies. It does not follow that what is just or expedient in tho case of a tax on income is just or expedient in regulating a tax upon iixed property like land. In England the tax is not levied upon that .amount of income which is required for the necessaries of life, whether it bo tho wholo income a wan receives or only a part of it. But tho mau who has become tho owner of land, oven if it bo only 32 instead of 320 aeres, has got beyond tho point of working foran in- come that will supply tho necessaries of life. Thib pioporty ropiesouts ineomo saved after those nocofesariea havo been provided. And if binall aioas of Lind or small accumulations of propTnty aro to bo exempted when larger ones mo taxed, the exemption requires somo other principio than that which governs the exemp- tions under the English income- tax to account i'ov it. Mr. BALLANCE says nothing about a " bursl ing-up " policy, and repudiates the idea of attempting anything unjust; but at the samo timo ho plainly shows that tho purpose of the Government in proposing a land-tax will be not simply to inciense the public revenuo, but chieily to regulate the distribution of land. Tho desire to acquire largo estates is so great, ho fcaj'9, that in his belief it will be difficult to obtain thieo or four hundred acres a. few years honce, unless something bo done to check accumulation. And the object of tho tax is in a quiet way to cheek it. The Groy Ministry is in fttct seeking to accomplish a similar purpose to that of tho Berry Ministry, but by milder means. But there is something contra- dictory in the announcement of this in- tention, and tho statement that tho tax ia to bo burdensome only «' upon thoso largo estates which are neglected. If tho tax is not to bo burdensome to tho owners of largo estates which are not neglected, but worked profitably notwithstanding tho tax, it is not casj- to see how in this way the pos- session of large estates is to be discouraged. It may, however, bo regarded as the rule, that difficulties will arise, and inconsistency will como to tho surface, when taxation of any sort is imposed not for the simplo purpose of raising íevenuc, but for tho furtherance of some other object. It docs not appear from tho statornent before 'us' how the. land is tobe classified. The ViotoiSan principle of classifying it according to the numbor of sheen it coa carry is arbitrary and inexact, although "'it-may | havo at tho first glance an appearance of practical accuracy. A compotent valuer should bo na well oblo to declaro what an estate is . worth as to say how many sheep it would c.ivry to the aero ; and tho pressure of tho tax could bo much moro faiily adjusted, by making it depend upon tho annual value, or a per-contago upon tho annual value of cvory soparato pioporty respectively, than by a lough systom of classi- fication, which ignoied intermediate grada- tions. If tho tax is to bo neither unjust nor burdensome,-except to tho owners of large estates that oro neglected-tho system of assessment should admit 6£ tho most careful adjustment. Under Mr. BEIUIV'S system it is intonded to moko tho tax burdensome to tho owners of largo estates, whothor neglected or not. Mr. BALLANCE faltes a wiser and eafer" course in distinguishing the two clussos. But whilst that is tiuo in theory, it is not hard to peiceivo that in practice tho distinction might be blurred, perhaps obliteiated. The difficulty would bo to doune noglccr. It might bo argued by men in power who were enemies of the pastoral interest that it was neglect to apply to pastoral uses land that was suitable for agriculture. A just estimate for taxing purposes of the valuo of an estate would, however, bo founded not only upon the character of tho soil, but upon a suivcy of tho surrounding conditions ; and no man should bo taxed tor neglecting to cultívalo his land, however rich it might bo, if it wore so situated that ho had no means of convoying agricultural pioduco to market. On the other hand, as settlement progressed, and roads and railways were opened^he iucroment of valuo thus caused would appear on the fnco of a fair assessment, and tho owner who neglected to take advantage of the altered eircumiitances would have no giound for complaint if ho found tho pleasure of the tax inciease until it became a burden. The probiibility is that sooner or later a land-tax will form pait of tho financial system in each of these colonies. When the turn of Now South AValcs comes, it is to be hoped that the measuie will be introduced without heat or o\citemont, and eairied after deliberate, calm, and exhaustive discussion. To promote this end it would be well to i regard the tax as a rovenuo tax primarily, I if not solely. In looking to secondary elïects, tho point should be to guard against their being injurious. The last thing to bo dono should be to give tho measure a punitivo character. Instead of being mudo intentionally a burdon to any, it should assume such a shape as to deprive all classes of legitimate cause to complain of its weight. It ehould be regarded as A thing of permanence and great capacity for development. It should be rendered as inoffensive as possible, in order that it might gain a place umoDgst those firraly-cstablibhed institutions to which surrounding circum- stances and conditions gradually adapt thom selves. And thus, having caused little turbanco at the beginning, there would be comparatively little disturbance when some future Treasurer fell back upon it as a means of substantial help in time of need. DDTIINC" the last few weeks a judgment 'of considerable general interest has been de- livered in tlie Supremo Court of Fiji. The occasion of it was an appeal from the sentence of the Court of the High Commissioner, in the case of one of tho parties to tho late lynching affair in Samoa. So far as we remoniber, the caso referred io Í9 tho first that has come within the Iligh Commis- sioner's jurisdiction. It will be remem- bered that Sir ARTHUII GORDON, na well as being Governor of Fiji, is High Commissioner of Polynesia, and that in that capacity his jurisdiction extends to British sub- jects in the other islands of Poly- nesia as well as to those in the group which ho governs. Speaking of the powers of the new Court, the Order in Council says : " All her Majesty's jurisdiction exercisable in tho Western Pacific Islands in criminal and civil matters, shall, subject and according to tho provisions of this older, bo vested in and exercised by tho Iligh Commissioner's Court." Commenting on this Order, the Chief Justice of Fiji remarks :-" It is clear that the erec- tion of the new Court took away tho powers previously vested in any other Courts. The Supremo Court of New South Wales, for oxamplo, oven if the Act of George wore other- wise in force, could not now try tiny of her Majesty's subjects for offences committed in tho Western Pacific, excopt under section 62 of the Order itself, any moro than it could try for offences committed in Kew Zealand after the constitution of the Supromo Court of New Zealand." A few months ago a person named COBCORAN committed muidor in one of the islands of Samoa, and was taken into the custody of the American Consul, and committed for trial in tlio United States. At a meeting of the white residonts in Apia n resolution was passed to havo tho priiouer taken from the custody of tho Consul, and brought on shoro, and hanged. This resolution was eairied into effect. The appellant in tho case under COQ sideration was a British subject called HUNT. It was proved at the Coiut of tho Iligh Com- missioner that HUNT took part in the meeting at which the resolution to lynch CORCORAN was passed, and that he further took part in the proceedings which ended in the hanging of the prisoner. In consequence of .his doing this ho was adjudged by the High Commis- sioner to have been a paity to tho committing of murder by' the kaw of England, but was found guilty, not of murder, but of conspiracy to muider, and waa sentenced to ono year's imprisonment accordingly. By virtue of the Western Pacific Order -in Council of 1S77, >the Suprouie Court of Fiji has power 'to entertain an appeal from the decision of the High Commissioner. The appeal in this caso was uiged on four grounds. It was argued first that tho crime in which HUNT was declared to be an accom- plice took place in November last, that the Order in Council was not proclaimed by publi- cation till February, and thcrefoie that tho Commissioner's Court had no jurisdiction or competency in' the caso. To this it was answered that, apart from any special powers that wore vested in the Governor in his capacity as High Commissioner, there is a power abiding by the Constitution hy which the representative of tho Crown might judge British subjects for crimes committed on foreign territory. Besides this it was stated that " there wexo special statutes conferring jurisdiction over British subjects, eithor sailing in the South Seas or residing in any part of Polynesia. These statutes provide fox *w ' (mmclete a control over .British-TObjeets in-foreign connWes-tu^there ?wottlti bo 'if" tho -coxintrios tnomséivc^wère under British rule. ïloforring to tho, argurnont that a Court cannot deal with crimes committed before its ONVII creation, tho Chief Justice showed that if this wero well founded it would bo applicable not only to the Court of tho High Commissioner, but to all Courts. " Thus tho jurisdiction of tho Supreme Court of tho colony would bo limited by tho date of it's creation, whilo in point of fact it constantly deals with disputed questions occurring long anterior to its organization. The argument is based on a misconception ns to the sourco of jurisdiction. Courts of hw exercise their powers not from attributes inherent in them- selves, whenever tho particular indi- viduals necessary to constitute a Court aro appointed-thoy exercise the jurisdiction of the Crown, which is the fountain head of all judicial poiver." Tho second ground on which an appeal from the decision of tho Court of the High Commissioner was supported was that tho particular act charged was not a crimo in the territory where it was committed ; and as conspiracy to murder under tho English statute was rot a crimo in. Samoa, it could not bo treated as such by tho Courts at Fiji. This view of the law seems to have Bomo weight given to it by the deliverauco of the Judicial Committee of tho Privy Council, which states that " although tiny nation may make laws to punish its own subjects for olïoncos committed outsido its own territory, the general principio of criminal jurisprudence isthat tho quality of tho act depends on tho lav/ of tho place whero it is dono." In tho recent Franconia caso, whero German subjects woro implicated, tho authorities of Great Britain asserted their right of jurisdiction because the olTeuco was committed within a certain distance of British territory. Tho Chief Justico of Fiji acknowledges that o%*en in Polynesia a difficulty might ariso if, touching any particular case, a sot of islands might happen to havo a law that was antagonistic to English law. No such law is, however, shown to exist in Samoa. It is contended that the fact of the constitution of the High Commissioners' Court shows that for purposes of such jurisdiction as that refeired to, theso islands aro not regarded as civilized powers, and the circumstance that Great Britain has mado laws which, so far a9 British subjects aro concerned, aie as really in force in Samoa as in Fiji, invalidates any objection which assumes that such laws cannot be mado, or that when mado thor cannot apply. It appears that tho prisoner Hunt was charged both with tho felony of murder and ot the misdemeanor of conspiracy to murder. The thiid ground of appeal, therefore,was that ho could not bo charged with both offences, and that as ho had been acquitted of tho felony tho misdemeanor had merged in the felony. Tho fourth ground was that tho evidenco adduced was not sufficient to sustain the charge, it being contended that the appel- lant was with tho man CORCORAN for an innocent and even for merciful purposes, namely, for that of mitigating suffering and for that of securing him spiritual consolation during his last agony. But the Chief Justice contended that tho evidence showed that he was also with bim to securo his not being returned to the United States authorities, and to see that then he was effectually ' hanged; and as to the objection that tho appellant could not bo legally tried £#r ft mis- demeanor after having been acquitted of a felony, tho Chief Justice said, " Wo are all clearly of opinion that there is not the smallest pretenco for the objection, and that tho conviction is as' good as if tho prisoner had been convicted on an indiotment) «jántniu ing a count for a felony only." Such is tho final decision on the case, tho facts of which excited moro than ordinary interest a few months ago. Upon the merita of the legal arguments by which tho conviction of HUNT is sustained we do not presume to express au opinion. The judgment of Chiof Justico GORRIE' is, however, unques- tionably ono of conspicuous ability, and one which reflects no email credit upon the Court over which the Judge presides. Besides this, the general conclusion will bo that in tho in- stance described, tho ends of justice havo been accomplished both by tho High Commis- sioner's seutenco and by the Chief Justice's judgment upon that sentence. Tho tendency ariiong no small number of tho settlers of now countries is far too commonly in tho direction not ouiy of crimo, but of a laNvless treatment of criminals. "As the whito popu- lation of the South Sea Islands multiplies the danger of this will naturally increase, and for this reason it is satisfactory to lind that islands that aro not yet subject to, British rule may be reached by British law. THE Punic FINANCES.-"Wc understand that in vioNV of the necessary expenditure upon public works and raihvnys, the construction of vi hierr is already author" ized, and tho large coiitcniplnted expenditure upon railways, sewornge, and water iior!,H. anil other public improvements for which the «junction of Pallin ment will be touglit next session, the Government have decided upon îaising a loan in London, tho pre- sent btate of the money maikct being eminently favourable for such an operation. The uoverntnent have mi unused borrowing power to the extent of 4} millions, the abstention from exercising it having arisen from preceding Governments having advanced to the vnrioubloan fund«, from consolidated revenue, tho sum of £1,825,000. As the railways are now making a net profit of at least 4¿ per cent., and 'waterworks nil over the world uro amongst the most profitable of public undertakings, these considerations, taken in con- junction with tho unprecodcntiidly high favour in which New South Wales securities now stand, will, it is believed, make the proposed loan a great financial success. ' DISTRICT Co DUT.-Monday, Juno 17.-De Lissa v. Solomon, Bradley v. Austin, Pritchard "v. "Watkins, Eastburn v. Hinton, Driscoll v. Smith, Kiss v. Dutton. i INQUEST.-The City Coroner resumed and con- cluded the inquiry yesterday, at the Dog and Duck Inn, George-street South, respecting the death of John O'Dowd, who was fatally injured on the 7th instant. Mi«. O Dowd said the tleconsed, her late husband, was Í50 years of age, a shoemaker. On the 7th instant, in the "forenoon, she saw a cart loaded with wood going along near Viilentinc's-lane, the driver being at the horses' heads ; when opposite Nvitness's house the driver maelo an cfiurt to tura the cart; but tile deceased, being afraid of it backing on to the wall of his house, put something beliind the wheel to prevent it. The horse, however, backed, and jammed the deceased between the tail of the cart mid the avail of his ONVII house. He then received ¡the in- juries from which he died about 2 o'clork the same 'afternoon. Dr. Hodgson said the cause of death Nins internal hemorrhage, caused by the cruthing. The jury returned a verdict that deceased died irom in- juries accidentally received. IsrntMAitY ITEMS.-The following cases have been treated at the Sydnoy Infirmary :- CnlebMamsemi, 24, crushed linger ¡ J. Kyan, 22, cut finger ¡ James liewley,-16, crushed hand. "William Lambert, who is suffering from the effects of a recent fall from the new Lands building. U Drogresiinc favourably. \- QPATUKTO,».--T<> «W th« fi^jgV^r'T'T colonics of Queensland, New Sonthl"ilC^ "."C LOnÍllVC6IletíO,?tC'laier,Orl>a3S0,iS-»'iuara1it.aeiÍ ôoî «t°ô a),1mU lBndedBt PCC1 l6hn0'°'1 >5 -Oth, the Queensland passengers und a . outlisuffonni from a wild attack of emall-pox 'jw JT"" oil relcised on Juno 5th, having boen ii touted sixteen days The Bowen carno oa £ b>dnev, and was placed in quarantine, oj . mcasuro of precaution, olthough tlioro wa» ne. sickness on board She and her passengers were re- leased on Juno 11, or twentj one da) s otter the «ck jouth was landed at Peel Island rho P ando Co's Piata hoisted the mellow ling at Melbourne on Maj 30 In consequence of no thicov or) on board of three cases of small pox, our telaran» of to div mention that tho Siam, if she sails this evening, will have a clem ship, having performed her full q,l8Mn. tine Tins ii 111 ho after fifteen uajs" detention Hie health authorities in the different colonies con- sider the public- hcilth is properly protected bj t detention of fifteen da) s in Victoria, sixteen days in Qucenslind, and twentj ena d13 s m New South Wales iNoonc domes the importance of protecting tho public heilth, but in New ¡south Wales wo B4 cither ovei protected, or our brethren ra Victoria and Queensland mo under protected. As this is a matter of great moment not only to shipowners, who are alroidy guffirienthi burdened with endless responsibilities, hut also to all "who go down to the sea 111 ships, andvvhowny anv da) lind themselves sufforin.r involuntary im. pnsonment, wo commend it to íecousidcration bv our health authorities ST ANOWW S CATHEDIUL-Older of musical ser- vice for limity bundav, «lune 10 Mugiuhcut, Su- H. binnrt m 1 billie Dimitas fair 11 tsmutt in 1 ' Anthem Sanctu 1 in li (Haves), " Hallelujah Chorus ' Messiah (Handel) ' Hfcooxmoi. or Biuvnni -Tho British Govern- ment have tonsigncd to Mr ( L billi, the Gcrnun Consul in this tit), a valuable eighteen tarât gold pockct- chronomtter, of elie ltittst tonstruetion, con tunuig nil reecnt lmpioitmcnts lhe tase is torn posed of rosewood lhe dome of the chronometer Vitara UiL follow HIL, inscription -' Presented by tho Briti-h (jovttniiitnt to C iplmi Janies Lind, master ol the Oerinan etlioomr 1 nura Lind, in ntknovv lcdjmint of lus kindness lo 11 put of iii« p tsstu¡,us mid ire« of the birquo lsabellu, of Plymouth, vvluih wai vvreekedon the tth of Jill), lb7f> ' Mr ¡sahl intentli forw online the eluonometir, by the next steamer te New Caledonia, to Mr I iiynrd, the lirttisli Consul, I as there is no ti trinan rcprestntiitivt there Mr Ia)urd will, on its arrival, mènent thu timepiece te ( aptmn JUnd, who at prtsint 13 residingat Ntw talc donin TttAnts A\T> I Aiiotm COUVCIL -The Tridcs and Labour Count ii held a intttiii" 011 llmrsdiiy night, tit their lot ins Hvdo Park Hotel, Mr White, tin pre- sident, in the chair The. minutes oi the last metung having boen rend and continued, the, btcretur) road tht correspondence, consisting of letter» from alhliated societies usscutine, to tlio hnantiul scheme proposed b) the coumil tor their acceptance In actoidone» with a suggestion from the beainen's Society, the number 4ÜU w as reducid to 300 It w as rtsoNed thal tht calls upon the societies 111 behalf of the ¡sustenta- tion l'uni! be made half )early in advance, tho iirt«t pa) ment to bo mndo 111 July next A motion was carried for the itscission of by-law xnt, whith provides thot in all committees tht olRter» shall bo cr officia members, and a committee of ¿vc wai appointed to undertake the revision of tile laws of tho council A shipwright delegate rose» to correct the statement at tht last meeting, as reporttd in tht press, that sonio slnpvvlight» hud trenched upon tho rights oi boiltr makers b) dom,; work whith exclusively appertained to boiltr mahers-namely, punching ¿olci and iivcting 111 a vessels plates lu the maltet referred to, tho most that had been dont was tho cutting of a holt for the "listening of a deck plank, whioh was pcrftctl) legitimate Another member said that the work complained ol w as ot amore senoui natuic than the last sptakei seemed to be aware of. A lengthened corni it, itton ensuetl, the general opinion 01 the deltyitta appearing to be that it wa»« matter rither for orrangement betvvtcn the ship wngliLs und the boiler-makers thin for the in(tr "sreuce of this council Bridge to the North Shore.—About twenty gen- tlemen interested in the project of the construction of a bridge from the Observatory to the North Shore met at the Exchange yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of concerting measures as to the best means of furthering the object in view. In the absence of Mr. Ives, who was to have presided, Alderman McMahon was voted to the chair. The hon. secretary, Mr. Willington, read the minutes of the proceedings of the committee, whose labours teased in March, 1877\. In accordance with one of the last resolutions passed by this committee, circulars had been sent to the surrounding municipalities, and promises of hearty co-operation received. A letter was read from Mr. Selden, the Major of North Willoughby, enclosing £5 towards the payment of expenses already in- curred in the agitation, and promising a further subscription ot £50, to be placed to the credit of the executive committee conditionally on the population interested subscribing £1000 for the purpose of employing active, energetic men to canvass the city and suburbs to obtain 50,000 signatures, to be presented to Parliament in favour of the work during the approaching session. Mr. Morris exhibited some photographs, giving a representation of the Ken- tucky River bridge in the United States. This structure, which was stated to be one of the strongest in the world, was built at an altitude of 275 feet above the water. It was a truss bridge, built without scaffolding, and had three piers 375 feet apart. Mr. Morris was of opinion that the altitude of the Kentucky Bridge was about 100 feet higher than would be required in the North Shore Bridge, as a height of 150 feet would allow the largest vessel to pass under it. The prin- ciple of construction, altlough strong and durable, was not expensive, the material employed being light ironwork. Mr. Bates, a gentleman who came to Sydney to represent certain American companies, and who was conversant with the construction of such bridges, was quite willing to prepare a design for a bridge to the North Shore, if supplied with the requi- site information as to borings, &c.; This information could be obtained, he thought, either from the Government or the harbour authorities. If it were not in their possession, the cost of the design would, of course, be materially increased. Mr. Bates, if furnished with such informition, would complete the design for about £100. The work would take him about three months. Mr. Selden stated that he strongly approved of this project being kept before the Government and the public, and urged the necessity of active measures being taken by the com- mittee to raise funds for agitating the project. In his opinion a bridge that would accommodate both rail- way and the ordinary traffic should be asked for. He moved that a committee be appointed for the purpose of raising funds to effect the purpose aimed at. The resolution was seconded by Mr. Still, and was carried unanimously. Mr. Morris was of opinion that the question should be settled as to whether the bridge should be for ordinary traffic, or for ordinary traffic and railway purposes combined. The hon. secretary (Mr. Willington) thought it would be better to be as modest as possible in their first demands. If they obtained a bridge for ordinary traffic, the import- ance of the North Shore would so rapidly increase that a railway would follow as a matter of course. He moved,—"That a deputation, consisting of those present, or as many as could attend, should wait upon the Premier to obtain the information necessary for the prepar- ation of the design." Mr. Selden, in seconding the resolution, mentioned that Mr. Farnell, before the last election, promised to place on the Estimates a sum for carrying out the necessary surveys for the work. The resolution was agreed to ; and it was decided that the chairman should fix a day for a future meeting, at which the deputation would be formed. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. B1u.iA.1n8 -A billiard match was played yesterday at lho Lxth mge Hotel, between Kobtrts and bhorter, tlio latter rtcciving 12o out ot 600 points Hie attendant e w as tolerahl) good lhe (,"We "' "^ alm"sl n runaway norn the first, and Shorter won easily, Hoberts having scored onl) ill Shorter play« sei ci al cannon strokes and one or two losing ha7ardi 1er) meei) , hut the e\\)ubition was b) no menu so skilful a one as those ot previous cvenin« except in one respect-uz, nursing the balli ind gelt 11 g them into position for snort c unions Plav onl) lasted a little over on nour In the even ng «motliei game of "JO up iras phueui which Roberts won easily, though he g-»>0 h" opponent 17« points bhorter only stored about 631. Unte or twice during the baroe hoth playas broke down in easv shot-, but some nice nursing ut the ball» for cannons was exhibited uttoriviuls Seven game* ot p)rnmids werepla)cd, hie of whith weie won <>J Bhorter. who was allowed one ball m each game '5 "*%« ^«Ä» participatcil I» tho WÍ^ftA The appearance ot llio '»^liîtlvchÔMteristicof the occwion,«»» Ut«»^TL.dTe passion for muatics reign i>,O «Sorityef the male portion toinÜieWW,,,°J,"!" .J 0l id not be incorrect to "fcrfßleÄ O« lnd.v, »t least, evinced W?Ä took in tho club by forming its initials ¿.¡ntttutsMioo* vluc«1 occul).oci *.^Ä?ÄSde of the platform; the po3iin»tPMT,..."- 100l wai also suggestive of '^CdthvSreces^es of the NvalVam [|thir'i K of tho balcony wcro sculls and »^Ä «Ä, which, probably, have »»'tÄrnsedinmany a liard-fought .*>, H«» (supplieel by 1'ous and Paul, «ml <«"« ..J Co 1 were «eating everywhere *UT «T «nd tho ferns and evergreens some ^Ärrsuppiedby J. and Vi. Gelding), Änded ?n every, nook and corner, imparted ^?bounowlint. >{ hi oppcarance which , «^«TtklHti* On the whole, the room >tmuo Ratest advantage, mid the ^Äo dbplayeu throughout reflected much ! "KÍ itot» member, of the committee who wcro ¡ "iSwitutheanangements. Tbc company began : c^«Svbefore half-past 8 o'clock, soon after t Äcis ommetieecl to the lively strains ' ít .5 Australian Band. The selections itatiwrttho best and most appropriate ob H?., J their plavins apparently gave gcneial ; ^ïf M SB. ?f.F. Strange and A. Lucas : f'"' fi M ¿The refreshment«!, which eom i SfeeiitlAi'p that could inahc poor humanity feel ' r'.!!nm.nd Co. The variety of beautiful ami iffir m by the ladies stiuck one with awe .IKuon, not merely on account of their splcii k,t&iN;»f the graceful fashions preta, - t I m»î be staled, without venturing into Auft iw te information oi those ladies who íw c1 « »lifiht callosity on the subject., M. » h «jil no particular colour could actually ke «id to prciloroinate, yet, if a préférence was tori««''» fr«mrnf Nvh.tf, both in silk nm , S; pink and blue wero also very" general, »ml | 5 and while formed .the pre vail, og Sittion. llcnd-drcsscs consisted principally rt« «nd of real and artilicinl «owen. Doon" .NN« kept np Nvith great vigour through- j "7 ¿i it ivas early morn ero any peicop tïe dirannftion of .tho throng took place Altogether tho evening was a thoroughl, | S«¿n¡ and enjoyable one, and many will reglet Ela trait 50 lons till the next Mercantile Club I Bill caiies round. The stewards and managing com ttittcc, of which Slcssra Gibbons and Hall «"ore re-, inec&elv; secretary and treasurer, must be congrntu Oi on the successful manner in which the arrange-1 sratiivere carried out, I Ham. Cwwiox.vrr's MATINIT.-This lady, who kiioUUishtd a reputation here us a pianiste of un miKled ibility, wili give a matinee, commenemg nt jo'clock, in the llnionie Hall. The programme she cfmUexce'dingly attractive, and includes some ot ile btst musical ingenuities of Beethoven, Mozart, TO», Chopin, and Le Couppey. j AKsrwiiTS To-wonr.-The entrepeneurs of the cKvoSer a very attractive series of entertainments for ¿Iii: patronage this evening. Mrs Siddons, Nvho inline; the pa.st week delighted large audiences as ltd, and last night assumed the character of Mary >Wwe in "Our Hoys," before very numerous piton, is going to play the pait of buy O'Connor in «The Colleen Dawn."' She will have the support of Jit. Chaplin as Myles na Copptileen, nnd if .she plays tniriihcharacter as well as an English one, and Mr. WÜion'l promised triumphs of scenic art be at all Uninlent lo his beautltul productions in " A îlio rmaetNight'aDrcam," it will be worth while attçnd tj tia Theatre Royal this evening.-Miss Coombs Ü ippttr for the last time here at the Victona IhMtre to-night, in two parts- Mrs. Ilallcr in "'t'he Stringer," and Juliana in "The Honeymoon." The ti! nanita i» an ímpeisonation sbo ought lo Mis- tan with much ability, I he occasion will be her benefit. There will be a novelty at the Ciueen's Ihcatre. Messrs. Baker and i'anon's successful »trrUinmentsare to make way fur the "The two ita of Sandy Bar," a production of Uret Harte, and tutuca a Mr. Ogden, described as an American 'tttasdiu, will take a leading part. The cast will be tirge, and so far as it appeals will bo appropriately filed, uthïi attractions during the evening will be a esacertaitho School of Alls in aid of the funds of fe Curriers' Union and TiencKt Society, Mps-rs. fcfa-ti anil Shorter's billiard tournament at the ¡«hinge Hotel, and the rntertaimnent olFercd by l!r. Spencer at his Polytechnic Institution, l'itt treet. . Tin TICICKU TIIEATUB.-One of the most finuhed liecej of united acting that has been performed at this Bttclishinent took place last night on the occasion of Heprfimlation of Sheridan's "School for Scandal" Hi« Coombs assumed a new character in appearing ulidyTeaile, and as far as costume and appearance «at he» »resen.ee was extremely agreeable, l'or n AOitnaOffedivith a strong American intonation of voice IO render a thoroughly Unglish character is i novelty, and ia thecase of Miss Coombs it was by io means au unpleasant one. That lady's elocution is try perfect, and the enunciation of each sentence or rordile expresses is clear, und audible in i-ntii part i the house.' In many passages she was decidedly faure, and several times was she deservedly invited «lore the curtain to receive n generous npplnuso BOO the audience. Her rendition of the part te tueful, ladylike, and well-consiâerccl, but it .»idh«vc been nearer peifectiqn had she been more tntdonsartUometiliat lese sympathetic. The »lav wntsnoothly enough up to the screen scene, whero Hw Coomb* ncqutttid herself most creditably, bjlins quite th« half guilty ladj-, and in rio »y oter-Btraimng her action. It avas at this (oat the jitoBcicnry of the company became pal iMaifest and ran the play out to a fetttsitul' culmination. Mr. Carey impersonated ïoseph Surface in a manner that has scarcely been l«rpiBiilhtic,andhe brought his nowcr« of facial pptHSion into activity ii, K way flint earned bim l (nettedplaudits. Ho «as admirably supported bv 1 ft. Uvadas, who took the role of (Jhi'ulcs mid played I WteJiciently. The clinrntterof Sir IVter it n> t.-iko» I {¡rät. Jones, who is so pu feet ii, details that he seldom [ wtoraakc a decided impression on the audience; ' Mamie other parts tier« each well filled, the pcr teen teeming to enter con amore into being a credit bSi d'*11'0 thC ,taSnifiqent comedy placed rnn.Gwu, HAU-MV. D'Aroy Head's ghostly Ptalantnent.at Üie Guild Hall is ¿till drawing largo tonas. Hie effects produced ave the result of . «««wa, to perfect in its arrangement, that no m occurs during the whole of the performance. I wy aro on a moro extended «cal« than those ima presented originally by their patentees, I J* «'«lu «ntl Professor I'tppcr. The ghosts .nrcallv?wonderful production« in themselves S,. ta,lulllBl a va,ict>' of atti action to , T»T«h«v« made the entertainment he offers ex .tetvpop^j., Hi» ghosts ave all pleasing in ta.ahcj« One of them is a ballet- dancer, very um» m. )tT « ''? wMe °'-h¿P '"o' lui'mourous î*S. ?c chMly Mhlstvcl ^f»v'110 rcni1« »ul, .£0nîS anrt d',uces il1 » style Ä11 LthP audie"ce: A lnr»° "um^r P«oSTf S<! .'"." V!ïric,-V «itertainment ES met"o>">us features, and which is R!narth,rovokmS- ihc '"«sic is of avery KSÄ 0U,t,'-10 ,whote- t!le lWBtammo Mr'. .Molen to the public deserve« patronage. ,KS3?SflC"?? T- illc"SIQXD P<"'"<! SCHOOL Scennn . T^ t0°U llhco ou Saturday, June lÄTtheglil'l0£0nift°m'ett<:h 0f *.".'»« ftattnienhLUlcnnion4 butts. The following ¡XZilr^^C- TU^ wele div¡ded into i o tab .-1 ntCEt "«"»»«cca. The ahoot ^WsSÄ^? ;VO$, thc ?»icta.ond 6 Pined 9 S . . p-0mt3' ïbo socond s<lutuI 4AÏÏgï ^ *c,lr «em**», leaving them k the V« ¿it At,the wnclus!°n of the sboot ««ïiAil.,Bnd aftcr «"Wreasing thom on *MÎSrISTTVCaptín S^Bcallcd for ^¡nsSta'ä Ptkn Callcd for thrce chw« i°r ^^lbÄBl,iW t0 »«"mond ^Cet «a» w rCrDlvcd duc nttcntion. Cap * ïo^stect LCa.dot,C,hnlm"S, making a score o£ lUiDinl °bUmed 164 I10«'''. nnd°lüchmond i«^SS^3Sd«riSlSre ^'««»a **t a match felon, and twe^ of T VÏ*?gan'the Victorian ^«inaÄ. ç"lr b?st P1^'"3 ne«. Mew«. ,tl"i«n paya, ha S» ' c0,1 °0m-0 off' T* the ^.KdVmwt t^s("Crfi,d^oe in bi3 l'owers, l^taiiUi. m,tcad o{ one« Hence th¿ 