THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME;; - I OB, The Exeebiehges ce ah Edinbtjbgh 5 Eetectiye.—No. LXXVUI. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A CHILD'S POWER. I In trying to describe . poor Sparrow's . fight for . honesty,. I; promised to give another case to illustrate :the power of a child's words; and. now, to preserve the order of events, it falls to me to fulfil the ; pledge before -passing on to'the Ruffian's ' last crime. J Between' the two, however," there is an intimate, connection, insomuch . ; as by the first Simon Penbank was prepared .' more fully .for a change; and by his detec- ' tive skill-in the second he called for ,a , remark from me which iwas destined to ' have an important - influence 'on his whole. ! Afterlife. It. happened, too, ..that there ' were not. wanting some elements 'of romance about the affair, as will appear before' I finishupf with this:'batch of " troublesome; criminals.. . / - j On the night after'the Ruffian's daring leap from the top; of the mail train, Simon . Penbank—wearied and "depressed with a vain" search through the whole city for traces of this double-dyed scoundrel, "who, ' by his assault upon Mr. McGregor had come as near, the gallows as it was possible to get ' without actually stepping up into the noose -j-was slowly making, his way up Black- ; Mar's Wynd to his home in the condemned land. ' - . - ' . ' | To say that, he .was miserably clad, hungry, worn down, and unhappy, would be only to recordhis almost everyday con dition. Simon was never paid in-advance, * lior trusted the length of his hose—except 1 iin the solitary case of. Nosie Mincher with thedeh' shillings^and, as the Ruffian was , Still .at large;. Simenwas at that moment .1 teiy far dbira:^e hill indeed, ' In ~plMri : ; ti^tli^1ierha4,pnly one: penny in the world, aiid the rags in which he stood, and.with that solitary copper resting in his cold palm he was about to'turn up a stair near his: queer home, with the intention of enjoying a: pennyworth of shebeen whisky for."his supper, when, through the, darkness and stillness, there feU" cm his ears a sound lite: the suppressed Sob of a child. * " Hal another of those swarming germs of-humaniiyj-he said,.with the indifference" of a maii o£: experience./ f/ Strange how they increase under our very feet—-where;; are our , statesmen that they cannot put the nuiamcehoym F, The more oppressed, the more hungry, the more .miserable the people; are, .the, more ;they accumulate these little pests about their skirts. /Let me pause for a moment's' enjoyment" in frightening the little.b.eggar ayra,y.; j Poking .forward into, the _ gloom, and ctehinghis jieck pa eyeiy;. side, the spy at last^made outf the^-form,of a* child—a very, very small "boy, .j-t seated; on a stone, and leaning-bach: ;pm|he^rpjigh wall-trying to fclow some j warmth ,mt.o; his . fingers, and Crying in a suppresiwd ;]y;ay in spite;of him-, selfl lie phim was yery sma.ll and 'thin, 2)utl^idp^^'8ffl^iy,f6rm of the spy he loohed a peiiechhiite, .." HuiloV hullo !";jrftUghly. brohe in Pen bank, trying to speak in the harsh tones of a.policeman," what's allthisnoise about F LWhat ,arg you;crying;thea'e.for ?" . • • . The child stpppe'd and looked up at the tall figure in- some, wonderment and awe; but thep' making out. th'at it was only a man —not a.ghost—it answered very simply— • ' ";Oh,.|'m so toldrr-and; all the lights are goin'out" ; : 7 j )/; ; >. A shade of the harshness and malicious gloating; disappeared fromPenbank's facer the words came out so pitifully and trust fully ; and stooping.dQwn he took the child's morsel, of,.a hand in his own—not roughly, but L gently-7-as' .if. he \vish'ed to warm it within,hiB,p\^h.; " Cold,; arp you, my young friend ?. that is not surprising—we.ai'fi nearly iuto winter now," replie'd Penhank, with a. stately dig nity that made'the child open his eyes. "Why are you not at home F" " 'Cos I'm. ooseless, and mudder's gone into the black hole," and the child sobbed again, and; tried to get its cold hand away to have a dabble at; its. eyes. " You're useless F who said that F" asked Penhank, in'somewhat husky tones, and with a sudden hushed interest. "The had woman; said that—mudder toot me,, and tuddled me iu a hosie, and tried over me, and.said;I was to be a dood 'ittle hoy, and 'tay with the had woman till she toot me to a poorhouse.. Then she lied, all white, on.a bed, and, they; shut her up in a box and put her. in a: black hole.. .I'm doin' away," and the. child's voice sank .to a mysterious whisper, aa it looked round-to make sure that it was not -overheard, "I'm . doin' away to loot for the hole, and treep in beside her" There was a strange husky sound now— something between a grunt and a sob—and it came from the "direction: of Simon Pen bank's throat; then he got another .of 'the loose stones, drew it close, and sat down beside the child. {t They didn't strike you, did they F" be "hoarsely enquired.. " Iss—they ticked me," sobbed the child, agitated afresh at the recollection, "and they lighted and truck one anodder, and told me .to. do !to myrnudder. I've been lootin' for ,the hole, but I tant find it." •Simon Penhank blew-his nose in a: very ragged' remnant of a' handkerchief, and took some time to the -process, 'and then huskily continued— . - ; W hat's your name, iny-little friend ?•" ' v".iTeeve." — . ..... .. "SteeveF What else F" •" Nossing." ' '. . f Nothing else F That's queer.". " What's oor's F" asked the child, looking ' up curiously in the bloated1 face. " My name is Simon," answered the tall spy, feeling like an elephant trying to be friendly with a titmouse. ." Timo'n F That's nice," said the child,. becoming confidential. " Is oor mudder in a black hole: too, TimoiiF" •There was a queer, silence after this question; and looking up in surprise, the child found that his new friend was look ing away up, as -if' intently examining the $oof of one of the dark buildings overhang Mug the'spot. A still'closer inspection re vealed the fact that the old man's mouth was twitching and jerking painfully, and then a shivering gasp told the real state of affairs. \- "Don't try, Timon—don t try, said the child, beginning to soh • and knuckle his eyes in sympathy. "I'm torry for Oo— don't try, and I'll ting 00 a hymn." , ; " I'm" hot' crying, my young friend," replied:Simon, after bringing the -ragged handkerchief into active operation for a sus piciously long interval. "-A mere "cold in the head—that's all.", "What 00 rubbing oor eyes- for, then ?" simply asked the child. " Ah, my youngfriend," replied Penhank, with a desperate effort'at his usual elation and sprightlrness, and a hideous contortion that "was meant for a cheerful smile, "I rub them, because there is—a something that affects them—something that comes at very wide intervals with me, and makes . them require rubbing." , But this dignified speech was all Greek to the child. A painfully puzzled look crossed his atom of a face, and then he said—, "Why don't'00.peak'ikeme ?" ^ How peak like you?" asked Penhank, with a frightful elephantish flounder that made Mm'feel a slarge as a pyramid. . ." That's better," said the child, in decided approval, 'creeping closer to him and nest ling among his rags'; po'll det'on Bym-bye. Now, 00 must say, 'Poor wee Teeve— tuddle,in a mammy's hosie.'" Penhank hesitated, and stared down in. the child's face withgoggling eyes. " Turn away, now," prieji the child, en couragingly hut imperatively. , Poor wee Teeve," be'gan Penbank. - • " Dood I dood!" cried Steve, clapping his smaU hands in approval, - __ "Tuddle in a mammy's hosie," continued Penhank, .with,a sigh of relief, hut actually putting his arm roimdthe mite of humanity, as if he could have cuddled it with real and unaffected pleasure. / * That's- nice,'' said the. child,. resting his head wearily en. the. shabby .waistcoast of the spy and ' placing his small Hand confid-_ ingly in Ms own. " Will 00 take me to the black hole to my mammy, and tell her they ticked me ?" " I fear me much—that is, I don't know the roa<J," said Penhank evasively, and with. a gulp at,something in his throat. " Bujfc; we can loot for it to-morrow." - , - r "Iss—but my head's tore." \ , a , i " Ah; hut it'll he fetter", Ed-morrow, : cheeringly responded Penbank, taking the, i throbbing temples in his hands. A But, you i mustn't staviout in the Cold., Won t you go, home?" ' : • • _ " Fere's'at ?" . . , , , The question came out clear and prompt,; but to it Simon had no answer; .then, twhile he was shuffling, the child camp .to; his rescue. i ? Where's ooi- house ?". he. ashed', _, 1 " Ah, mine—hem.—of course," slowly re iplied Penhaiih. "My place is a few steps •further., up the Wynd here, jTsit rent free, | and nobody seeks to disturb me—except the ■rats," he added to himself.; , - . "Then, let's do there—I want to seep,", 'said Steye, decidedly, holding up his. arms : to he lifted. "Oo'll tarry methen, hold ,ing'hack suddenly, he] interposed, "hut oo'll. not let the had woman turn and tate I me away ?"; r - 1 . "No, no, she shan't get hear you," was ; the assuring response. " Be sure she shan't, | for I'll watch you all night myself." • ^ : " Dood Timon 1 . Teeve ikes oo," said the : child, gratefully,, now submitting readily to he carried up the Wynd and round to,the ihack of the condemned land. " Then after jtupper we'll ting togedder—nice hymns— I oh, it's-dood! ' What hymns doo oo know, iTimon? ;Mudder learnt me tuni nice Ones !—Tanaan, bright Tanaan—and, oh!, lots jmore." ... . ! " Penhank remained silent, and . Steve looked up with 'a surprised and aggrieved Expression; ' \ '• , " Don't, oo' like .'at one, Timon?" he | softly, enquired. j "My young friend, Tlike them1 all," des perately blurted out Simon Penhank; " but' I—I believe I've forgotten my hymns." " Fordot 'em ?". echoed the child,- per fectly incredulous. "How tan.oo ting 'em, den?" v; ■ " That's just' where it is, my young friend," slowly responded Penhank; feeling guilty enough to have sunk into the ground, and getting out the truth with a; sudden blurt—" The fact is—I don't sing 'em at all;" and then, seeing a look of 'horror creeping over the child's face,.he hurriedly added, " But never mind that, I can learn 'em off vou, you see." ' But tire child was only half satisfied,' and after a steady look into the bloated-face, said—• ' i '' " Oo don't ting 'em at all ? Then what ; do oo do at night before oo go to seep ?" "I—I don't do anything," slowly stam mered out Penhank, feeling guiltier than ever under those guileless eyes. " Except —yes," and he brightened a little at getting out of the fix—" except think over what I may do next day." ... •" Don't oo fay any prayers ?" asked the child, softly and winningly, smoothing Pen bank's cheek with his little hand. There was a longer pause than ever, and the guilty shuffle of Penbank's- eyes ap peared to deeply pain his new companion.: "Peak, Timon," he entreatingly said, at last putting one arm quite round the old man's neck and nestling closer. "Peak, and I'll tuddle oo." "I rather think," reluctantly answered Penhank—"I rather think I've forgotten my prayers too." "What a bad old man oo must; be !" ex claimed Steve, in horror. "No, oo's not had, or oo wouldn't tuddle hie and tarrv me about.' 'But -would'nt oor mudder be torry ;oo'd fordot oor prayers ?" ' . : There, was a strange .choking • pause, in the conversation, and, putting his soft hand out through the darkness to Penbank's face Steve felt that the cheeks were wet. Then his whole manner: changed/and he impul sively cried out— "Never mind, Timon; we'll tay.'em to gedder, and I'll put in a bit for oo—' Dod bless dood old Timon.' Won't it be nice ? And oo'll not try any more, nor be andry, but ting hymns and tuddle me till I seep in a hosie;" and while he thus spoke he was carried into Simon Penbank's " palace." ! The spectacle did not seeih'to please the boy greatly. When he was set down in the middle of. a dark'.room, with no win dows, no fire, and no furniture, and with only a heap of straw in a corner for a bed, a dissatisfied expression crept over his face which the other could dimly discern by the; light creeping in from the opposite win dows. I " AVbat a dark house," said Steve; "1 don't like it. And where's the fire ?" ; "Oh, tlie fire—of course—tlie fire,du biously stammered Penbank. " AVell, you see tbis is oniy a sleeping apartment, Steve"; I never need a fire in that." , "Fere's the fire den?" simply inquired the child. i " There's no fire at all, that's the fim of the thing," brightly responded Penbank, putting the best face he could on the matter. " We just sit down in the bed here, and cuddle close to the 'wall, where the wind doesn't get at us, and tell stories, r.and all t)i at, ana fancy we're sitting at a big fire warming our toes. Ha; ha', ha! that's good, isn't it ?" and he poked the child in the side to make him laugh in concert. For a while it seemed as if the little ruse was to be successful. Steve cuddled down at the spot indicated ; but by-and-by the discontented expression returned to his face, and he abruptly asked— • "Why don't oo live in a nicer house, Timon ? It's so dark, and told, and nasty," If Steve had possessed the wisdom of Socrates himself he could not have - put' to Simon Penbank a more staggering ques tion. The eccentric thief stared and stared at his small questioner, and put on his most dignified look, and ransacked his brain for some of his set replies about the injus tice of the world, fate being against liim, every man being a thief but himself, &c.;, &c.; but still no words came to his lips. At last, unable to look steadily into the clear eyes of the child, he hastily put in," I think you'd better sing a hymn." S Then, having extracted an imperative promise from Penbank to join-in with him, Steve sang the following verse. "Tanaan, bright Tanaan, I .. . . . . The glorious'land of Tanaan; . . . f Qb, Tanaan is a happy place— ) ' Tom, let us do to Tanaan." ( ' ' The infantile voice quavered, 'strangley through , the; deserted building 'with .'an, eccentric grunting accompaniment joining . in from Penbank's rusty .throat; but, at the end of the verse, the child broke down, and,, began to sob. - - • " I wis I knowed fer Tanaan was, I'd do to it now," he chokingly ejaculated. " I want mudder—oh, I want my mudder 1" Greatly agitated himself, Simon Pen bank had some difficulty in soothing hjm t into.'caimnes^; b.ut when at last he^did succeed, Steve suddenly looked upi ,in; his face, and . ssiid piteously—1"Tm hundry, Timon—so hundry." ' "Hungry ? — is that' alii" cheerfully echoed Penbank, starting up with alacrity. " Suppose we "have supper then ? I mean suppose you .have supper. I've had mine already—last night,; T mean—am, positively crammed to the throat with food;' but; Pve some money—a whole coin; I me'dhtit for. i something ■ else, hut no- matter^'J -What. ! do you like to eat — trotters ? ; I i can "get . two , for a penny—nice _ and ■ soft, with lots of gristle;" and "Simon i smacked his lips unctuousiyj as if the very ■ thought of the trotters set his mouth, ia-watering, which, by the way, might I actually have been the case. " Are they tweet ?" dubiously asked Steve, i " Not very sweet—but they're nice," said ; Penbank, temptingly. " Shall I get them ?" | "I like something tweet," said Steve, ' after a moment's grave - thought. " But , don't tay long, 'cos I don't 'ike to be in the dark." Simon Penbank waited to hear no more, : but cut down the stairs to the open air, and ■ then had a struggle with himself at the jbottom of the stair leading up :to the . : shebeen. . The penny—the sole coin he i possessed—lay in his palm, where he sug gestively weighed'it. " Toothful of vile", fife, supposed to be drink, or a bite to the child—which shall it be?" he muttered "to himself, swaying 'with .uncertainty.. Toothful of .fire, | bite for: child—bite for child wins the day!" and then he very considerably frightened the occupant of an eating-house further down by rousing him out of his bed merely to supply him with two halfpenny sheep's trotters. But, after some grumbling, the. mighty order was duly executed, and in post, haste . he got . back to the condemned land and watched the famished child devour every morsel with a pleasure which, from its very unselfishness, was quite new' to him.' Then Steve showed him how to kneel down and clasp his-hands, while lie went over his prayers, and putin the bit he had sppken of about Simon himself, and then this queerly assorted pair lay down among the strawand slept till morning. Shortly after daybreak 'Simon awoke, and for more than an hour gazed down on the calm face of the innocent child sleeping in . his arms with a strange flutter of'emotion such as he had not felt in his breast for nearly half a century. Nothing that he could, remember in his long career of crime and cunning—not even the death of his own. mother—had ever-given him such a tug back as the artless talk and con fiding trust of this lost child. But was the child lost ? I think not—I am certain not. All Penbank's subsequent sifting and searching—which was not of the dullest— could not discover a Idving father to Steve,. yet I am certain that in the widest and grandest sense of the word Steve was not Fatherless. •The strange' pair were apart and alone, • j but they were to drift together and remain so .for. life, exercising a strange influence on each other's'whole being. The first surge of that influence was now stirring the breast of. the eccentric' old thief—in half formed resolutions after honesty, truthful ness, and religion. When I show, that these resolutions -were weak , and almost aimless, and that they were dispelled by the very first demand .made upon him in his new' responsibility, I only snow that Simon was human, like the rest of us. About an hour after daybreak, when the rumble of the stirring city, was beginning to be heard even in this strange .retreat, Steve awoke. At first he cried bitterly to find that he was not in his mother's arms; and then, after Simon had exerted himself to the uttermost , to soothe and amuse him, he knelt down and said his little prayer, again putting in the little bit about " Dood old Timon," and then very promptly an nounced, his intention to get.up. " But it isn't time yet," hesitatingly put in Simon Penbank, who had reasons of his own for wishing, delay. "Lie dawn and! sleep a little longer, and' then we'll get up and go out together.". Steve, unconvinced, but trained to obedience, tried manfully to; obey, and determinedly shut his eyes and tried "to feel warm and sleepy among the straw, with the cold wintry wind coming whistling in on them; but his eyes would get open in spite of himself, and at last the long delayed words forced themselves out in a trembling whisper— "But I'm so hundry, Timon—I want my breakfast—and then-I'll be dood and do to seep. The piteous look, the pinched and sharp boned face of the child, with the trembling eagerness with which the request was proffered, went straight to Simon's heart with a force that carried all before it. All his thoughts of honesty vanished like a flash, and, strange to say, he started up with a greater courage for crime than, he had ever before felt. "Yes, Steve—I'm going out to get it," he hurriedly responded. " It's just down the stairs—I mean some little distance off— but you must lie down and sleep till I bring it. Don't move or go out, or the bad woman will get you and take ypu to the. nnnrlimiflA •" tTicm nnrarinf> flia rOiilrJ nvAr poorhousethen, covering the child over with straw, and seeing that he was already quite satisfied and nearly asleep, Penbank slipped down the three stairs and found himself in the open air, holding a vain council with himself as to where the break fast was to come from. "If I go to Mclndoe, he'll laugh at me, and. tell me I have tried the starvation dodge too often already," he feverishly re flected. " If I go to McCtovan, he'll tell me I ought to be ashamed to come before him. with such a lie in my mouth, and that I should drink less and I would eat more. At every hand I will be met with but one word—liar, liar, liar! It is the old story , of the lying boy—the shepherd, renowned in "story, who was always crying 'Wolf' for, the fun of the ; thing,'but .when the wolf really came nobody believed him, and SO: he was eaten up. The wolf is at my palace door, and while people are laughing, at my frantic cries "I shall be quietly de voured. "What a lesson is there contained, if I was'not too hungry and needy to profit. by it! But have I gone over all. my friends ? . No/ there is one—my old friend Mackintosh, tie. grocer. ; I have . cheated' and robbed , him so often that he .will, not listen to a word I say"; but if , I go to his . house he will'probably be absent kt the shop, when I may induce his wife to part. Ho, then, for the grocer's house !" Leaving the bottom of the Wynd where {thjs ^solution had l??on fcymed, Simon put along' the Cowgate to the little ; grocer's ; shop bearing the name " James Mackintosh," \ and then, having satisfied himself that the | kindly "old soul whom he had so" often swindled was really in the shop", he'slipped further along the street and turned into an' entry leading to a. remarkably/ clean/ and open yard, where he rapped diligently for' some time at a green-painted door. No one answering, he turned -to .the window, and peered in through the muslin blind;1 but not seeing, through it very distinctly he I made, bold to put to his hands and gently' ' raise the sash. ■ Now, I really do not think he meant to commit a robbery—he: was' only led to it, as it were, by the strange train of circumstances—though, of course, had we caught him at it, such a plea in Court, however true, would only have been: laughed at. No one answered his imperative call on Mrs. Mackintosh, so he inserted his head' and shoulders at the open window, and was : about to renew his cry in a louder key, •when his eye fell on a purse,"with a steel clasp, lying where it had been carelessly left, on the table by the window. Simon's •heart gave a bound—he stretched over— i felt the purse in his hand—knew that it 'was not empty—and, with just one mo-; jment's hesitation,. had it concealed in his ipalm, and his body withdrawn hurriedly from the open window. Not a soul was in I sight, and with one quick;rh]irL he had ■the' •sash down again and was "off, out of the ; entry and down the Cowgate as fast-as his ilegs could cany him. He only paused once jon the way, and that was to enter a shop | and exchange' some of the stolen money for jfood; and with this in his arms he got up Ilia in .flia nnnrlomnail Ian/} to his "palace" in the condemned land, where his entrance was greeted with a shout of joy from little Steve, who stared at ;the good things in a perfect maze of wonder 'and delight. i " Fere did oo get it ?" asked the child at length, with the utmost, simplicity; but this was just the subject that Simon was ■most anxious to avoid. He shuffled guiltily sunder the child's gaze as he had never done, junder that of a policeman or detective:; but Steve was not to be put off. I " Turn now, telly troose now, or I tant eat it," he imperatively said, holding up, a small finger to enforce the command; " fere did oo get it?" j Penbank still- hesitated—feeling guiltier than if he had just emptied the Bank of England—but then seeing the tears creep ing into the child's eyes, he cried— ' " I prigged it all!" i This was the most truthful burst that he had ever emitted, but it was quite lost upon Steve. He only stared in wonderment hot understanding the words,-and quite fconfused and dismayed at the old man's abject look of guilt. Instinctively, how ever, he seemed to feel that Something .was wrong, and that .wrong he vaguely con nected with the food on the floor before him. The tears gathered and gathered in his eyes till they, came .with a rush, and he lay convulsively sobbing on Simon's breast. jWhen at last theguilty man had soothed him into quietness, and essayed to place the food once more.before him, he turned away wearily— _ ; "No eaty-now, Timon," he said, nestling closer in to the old man's bosom. " Teeve's heady tore, fore! Dood old Timon—oo find to wee Teeve—hold my head, Timon— i want to seep, and do to my mammy," and thus murmuring the fevered child fell fast asleep, and was again covered up among the straw. : But what of Simon Penbank ? As soon as the child's eyes wsre closed, his own became unusually distended. Then they glistened and goggled—-thep..filled; and then'he put up a*cold knuckle to dabble kway the tears. j " Simon! you old thief!" he cried ener getically, shaking a clenched fist at him self. " You are a d-——d old villain ! You don't deserve to he a moment with such a piue little innocent. Go this instant and give yourself up—get into, prison, where you deserve to be—and let the child be properly taken care .of by the authorities." Slowly, and with shaking hands, he gathered up the untasted food, recovered it with the papers, and took himself off to wards the door. Then another dabbling fit seized him, at the end of which he found himself back at the bed of straw kissing the hot cheek of the sleeping child, and wetting it with his tears. Then he shook off the momentary weakness, straightened himself into a semblance of his old dignity, dried his cheeks, and left the condemned land. Outside a cold wind, was blowing, before which, upon any other occasion, he would have cowered and shrank, But his gait^usually a cautious, circumspect slink —was now changed for one singularly erect and resolute. He even graciously smiled and nodded to a passing policeman, in wardly speculating as to whether the man was to be he who should convey him in custody to the Police-Office in a few minutes. At the little grocer's shop he paused, waited till the coast was clear, and then walked in and very deliberately seated himself at the counter. Old Mackintosh stared, as well he might, at the unusual light in the eyes of the seedy spy; but he opened his eyes still wider at his next movement. Very carefully and methodi cally Simon took out the various articles of food he had that morning bought and spread them on the counter; then he pro duced a purse, which the grocer recognised with a start as that of. his wife, and emptied its contents beside the articles of food. "There," he"said, with a.sigh of relief and a tightening of the lips; " I; have to request you to send for a policeman to re move me to the Police Office. I have robbed; you of this purse and money, with which I procured this feod. I have no wish to eat any of it; I merely desire to be taken up—, to be put on hard labor—the tarriest oakum that can be procured for love. or. money, or the hardest stone- breaking that ever made, a man sweat his miserable life away. Don't stare at me; I am not mad, though I have been all my life nearly. I am the .worst scoundrel that crawls the, earth; have me . taken up at once." | But the old grocer—a kindly, soft-hearted man—was. too much taken by, surprise to. obey at once. He questioned Simon so closely, and withal so. gently ; and tenderly, that in a burst of self-recrimination Simon re-, vealed all about himself.. and the child, winding up with another imperative request > tb be taken up.; But the old grocer would not have him taken up; for long before Simon's account was finished, the wronged man was himself helping the narrator at the dabbling business, and when he got i through, they, merely laid their heads 5S3S fSULu ; together and ha!d the fevered^child removed | to the comfortable home which Simon-had : so lately broken into, and there the child i mended rapidly^: visited • every day by ! Simon, who was motyet in prison,-nor likely | to be for some time to come.: In fact, Simon : had really begun to think; • - , "If my first act of honesty and-restitu tion is thus rewarded," he reasoned, as he i left the housei where little Steve's feet were now joyously -pattering,' and where- the• man he had robbed had- just -pressed-a shilling into his. hand—" if this is the re-' suit of truthfulness and openness in one: solitary case, what position might I hot hdve ; held had I but adopted the practice earlier in life ? : I must make a change." • : This was his resolve, and what -it led to will appear in.the following sketch. (To be continued.) 