MIC80ELLANEOUS ITEMS. (From English Papers.) Acase of a sensational character formed the subject of a judicial investigation at Calcutta in May last. Some natives were bathing at a ghaut on the Hooghly, when a body was seen floating down the river and tossing its arms. A cry immediately ,; " arose that the body was possessed by a ghost. A native doctor, who was present, appealed in vain to the bystanders to render assistance, but even the watermen refused the use of their boats. With great courage he plunged into the current and with much difficulty brought the body to land. It was found to be a young woman about 24 years of age. After re storatives had been applied, she stated that she had been for some time an invalid, that her relatives had brought her, stupefied, but sensible,. to a burning ghaut, that fire had been applied to her mouth as to that of a corpse, and that she had then been thrust into the river as if dead. The unfortunate woman was taken to an hospital, where, after lingering 15 days, sheo died. Her relatives were prose cuted, but acquitted. The First Chamber of the Dutch Parlia ment has adopted the bills relative to the construction of new railways and the tax ing of Europeans in Java, and also the bill for raising a loan of' 43,000,000 florins on account of the Netherlands Go vernment. Baker Pashia has sent in his resigna tion, but it is said the Sultan will not accept it. It appears that he had pro mised to certain oflicers and men who had fought so gallantly under him the. cus tomary decorations and promotions, and had reported this to his superiors.' Although the persons recommended for reward were Turks, no attention was paid to his recommendations. He had remon strated again and again about this, and at length he declared that lie could no longer hold his command while his officers and men who had fought so admirably re mained without reward. At the dinner given at Berlin by.the Crown Prince of Prussia to the members of the Congress, the table was arranged with groat* skill, and evidently 'with' the intention to please the distinguished guests. Before each plenipotentiary flowers were artistically placed so as to represent the different national colors of each nation. The bouquet placed before the Turkish envoy represented a crescent in white camellias in the 'midst of scarlet roses. Lord. Roseberry gave £10,0C0 for Bonnie Scotland before the race on the Derby Day, which proved rather a dear purchase, as he ran nowhere. To the purchase, however, was attached the con dition that in case the horse did not win his lordship should receive £4000 back. The oew York papers of the 22nd of May describe a fearful steamboat catas trophe on the Grand River, Ontario. An excursion steamer, the Empress of India, became unmanageable while descending the rapids, and dashed on, amid the shrieks of all on board, until it came to Galt Fall, when it went over broadside on, and was dashed to pieces. No one was saved, and sixteen bodies were covered immediately, the lumber lost being unknown. One body recovered was that of [harry Alaffray, described as a journalist from England. It is said that the Indian troops on arriving at Malta asked where the Russians were, and were much disap pointed at not being called upon to fight them at once. Queen Mercedes of Spain died at Madrid, of aggravated typhoid fever, on the 20th June. She was only just eighteen, had not been married six months, and must have had charming qualities to excite the deep and almost personal sorrow which all classes in Spain evince at her sad fate. The daughter of the detested Duke de Miontpenioer,lherself a Liberal, and selected by the King in defiance of his mother, of his Ministry, and of the whole Modorado party, she appears to have attracted the regard of all who had access to her, as well as of the whole population of Madrid. Her Court was thronged by the best men in Spain, and during her last illness the storm of enquiries never ceased. 11,000 letters and t telegrams being received in one day. The Cortes, on the news of her death, passed the budget without enquiry, in order to adjourn, and the populace, on the last night of her life, encamped round the palace to read the half-hourly bulletins. Sympathy of that universal kind is rarely called out by mere position. It is felt that the throne has received a blow, and that King Alfonso will no longer be sup ported by the undivided strength of the Monarchical parties. An officer of the Chinese navy, Lin-Tai Tsan, has been' appointed to the flagship of the Admiral Superintendent of the Naval Reserves, now attached to the Par i ticular Service Squadron at Portland, in s order that he may have an opportunity of witneasing the steam tactics and evolutions r to be performed by this large fleet. 