CRICKET. CRICKET NOTES. rBr 'White Rosb/I Friday, February 8. ±rom a purely local point or view the match m the Oval to-morrow ought to be the most interesting of the season. It will show pretty inclusively the stuff of which our iuniors are made. __ They are quite as confident of victory this time as they were on New Year's Day, when — to the surprise of many Deople, and not the least to the surprise of the Eleven — they conquered the Association Eleven, scoring 177 against the latter^ small total of 83. The juniors again play with Eighteen. The Eleven are of course confident of victory, and if they lose this time they wili have no excuse. Both teams are if possible better than the last, and there is every probability of the contest being a close and exciting one. The interest in our Cup Matches is beginning to wane. Already the possession of the trophy by the Norwoods i3 getting too much like a foregone conclusion. The premier Club have scored 19 wins in succession, their last defeat having been when they met Hind marsh at the beginning of last season. Out of 31 games for the Cup they have won 27 and lost four. Only North Adelaide can stand a chance against them. It is highly gratifying to see the way in which the quondam young men are showing to the front, but the misfortune is their improve ment comes too late to save the Cup. North Adelaide, Kensington, and Hindmarsh all occupy the same position now, each having m on four and lost three matches. The Kensington team of late seems to have become demoralized, and no great things may be expected from them this season. The best matches yet to come will be on March 16, when Norwood meets North Adelaide, and on April 6, when the latter and the Bricks face each other. To a North Adelaide man, H. J. Hill, belongs the great honour of first reaching the century. I heartily congratulate him on his innings, which was an excellent one ; but in point of quality it must be confessed it has frequently beensur passed , — indeed it was improved upon by Phillips in the same match. The bowling, too, was not good ^indeed, it was simply wretched, and two . easy catches given in the middle of an innings must mar the lustre which the feat of scoring 102 (not out) would otherwise give to the name of Hill. Now a word or two about the Kents. At present they are a disgrace to the Association, and it is a discredit to the colony that its b?st and indeed only first-class ground should be occupied six Saturdays each year by such a Club. It is 'really 'not merciful to them to spare cea sure in such a case, and in my opinion it would be exceedingly injudicious. Let those who doubt it look to what the Kents have done during the past two years. But the prese&t; season is enough to condemn them utterly. So far they have played six matches, and in none of them have they had a ghost of a chance of victory. They have scored in the aggregate 319 runs against 1,047 by their opponents ! Figures like these speak for themselves. While I am censuring let me drop a word in^ anotlier' direction— a word of advice. It is to a* certain prominent young cricketer who shall be nameless, but whose habit of getting hold of.a bat each time one of his opponents' wickets falls is too well known on the Oval. - My counsel to him will be like the advice of JPioichuto those about to marry'— ' Don't.' The Australian Combined Eleven seem to be having a lively time of it in New Zealand. At Christchurch they were delighted to see 20,003 persons present to witness their play ; bat. there was a drawback. The cricket-ground is part of a public reserve, and no charge for admission could be made. Still ' the takings' are said to have been considerable. I suppose they had to trust to the liberality of the New Zealanders. Some of Iillywhite's team told good stories on this subject, but they did not appear to have noticed where the generosity came in. It will be remembered that New Zealand formed the worst part ef their trip — financially and 'cricketically.' ' One of them' (Combined Eleven) writing to the Age, speaks of the Oamaru ground as ' the worn-out potato paddock, in which lovjrs of the noble game in Oamaru endeavour to play to the detriment of their legs, bodies, and head.71 The Eleven hailed the Christchurch ground with delight. It is large and lovely to look on. It is larger than the Melbourne ground ; but the pitch on which they played was dreadfully rough. The ball constantly dared batsmen and wicketkeeper and bounded into longstop's hands. Charley Bannerman was the only man bowled in one innings — and even he was got off his shoulder, the ball cannoning on to the bails. In the same innings Bailey was singularly unfortunate. He hit a ball which somehow stopped between his legs till the fieldsman had it.' Here, too, the local umpire seem3 to have given some questionable decisions — ordering C. Bannerrnan out for an imagin2.ry catch at the wickets, and Blackham for being leg before when there was no justifi cation for it. The aforesaid umpire deserves to be mentioned— as he afterwards said he knew he was giving a wrong decision ! But the sorest point with the Eleven would be that here, at Christchurch, they were beaten, and that by only fifteen players. They scored 46 and 143, and their opponents made 135 and 57 (with six wickets to -fall). Horan played so grandly in this match that the captain of the fifteen presented him with a bat. He scored 58, and retired not out after four hours' excellent cricket. Charley Bannernman still keeps well to the front in scoring. His average is about 40 runs per innings, despite the chances he often gives. He scored 45 at Oamaru, but gave ' three or four chances.' Speaking of his play at Dunedin, ' One of Them' in the Age says after scoring two 'he retired, lamenting ever the folly of attempting big hits when the ground is large and the field placed right out.' The following are the scores made so far during the New Zealand tour: — Invercargill Twenty-two, 89—39 ; the Eleven, 265 (including Charley Bannennan's not-out score of 125 and Horan's 53). Dunedin Twenty-two, 124—93 ; Eleven, 92 (game not played out). Oamaru Twenty-two, 70; Eleven, 113. Canterbury Fifteen, 135 — 57 (with six wickets to fall); Eleven, 46—143. Wellington Twenty-two, 91 — 103 ; Eleven, 166 first innings — won by nine wickets. Napier Twenty-two, 49 — 33 ; Eleven, 151 in one innings (including Garrett's 52). The 'Wellington ground is said by the Eleven to be the best they have played on in Maoriland. At Christchurch there were some giants to oppose them — English University men — three of whom were over six feet in height, and appear to have shown great skill in handling the willow. 