THE MAYOR'S FANG'S I r- DRESS BALL. | » t\ Carnivals and calamities come and go in cjclet with the regularity and precision of thoss liwi which gnide the motion of the heavenly holies and in this city the annual gala night of tht Mayor is looked forward to and welcomed with tbo Bamo spirit as the advent of spring. The tWO idfiAS am nnnrnnriqtnlv bobaaUi.j in . rt r J oHtl ulfiQj together harmoniously, and the truth andbeintj of the association haa been recognised in timet far removed from the present; for though genera, tions of men and women may stmt and fret then hour upon the stage, and then pass away, their instinct and Bensibilitios are the same, unalterable and oternal. It ia true, as Sydney Smith hte remarked, that our education and taste should not bo so designed as if life were an ,0!jopic game, made up of nothing but feasting and dancing, but tho hundreds of votaries of pfea. sure who thronged the Town Hall last night seemed determined to banish II Peneerwo, and for the nonce to give themtelves to L'Allegro of lifo. In depicting the gorgeous and - variegated aspect of the scene, Its splendid draperies, and its gtotesque and fantastic surroundings, oven Michael Angelo would have becomo violent, Correggio would have exaggerated, Rubons might with pardonsbls pride havo heightened tbo light, and hem. brandt deepened tho shadows. There were tea tho concrete expression of caprice and vanity, enthusiasm and satire, robed ia the garment of othor days, looking as they moved and glided through the dazzling light tho happy visitants from almost forgotten landt, and : reminding us of tho vanished gloria of ages truly departed, but still golden in the hues of fancy. Dr. Johnson often expressed his desire to see a ghost, and hs went to tho undiscovered country without gratifying ; that innocent wish. But Thomas Carlyle has re. \ marked that Johnson saw plenty of ghosts abonl htm every time ho walked down Pall Mall. And j so surely what is a fancy dress ball bnt a pompom J masquerade, at which Johnson might have seen j tho dummy representatives of the past and tha unseen world. Such ia the irony of the life that I ia when contrasted with that which was. But ) while thoy last balls and banquots go as meny j as a marriage bell. And why not? That soul | must be cations indeed to all tbe charms of the ' fascinating art of beauty and chivalry which i cannot onjoy the accentuating periods with its ' relish nnd gusto of harmless revelry. It may ba ; all trausicut, and it may bo that Thesene wai I correct wben, in reply to Hippolyta he said that ? the best of this kind are ali shadows, and the I worst aro no worst if imagination amend them, < Still, though it may be a dream, it is a dream V gay and soft, glowiDg in soft and barmoniow colors, and bcuutiful ns it mingles with tht y rapturous cadences of poesy. 8ucb refining in- V fluenccs are perhaps not always folt. They depend i upou tbo state of our pocket cr our digestion, y Tho literal and prosaic part of our nature tiernly refutes to recognise thorn under ali circmn- - stances. Nevertheless tho truth aud beauty re- main, like the jewel hidden in the lotus. V V.'oruau has been depicted us an animal who delights in finery, fund of tbe gaudy '« trappiugs and the glittering plnmago f of tho peacock ; and on no occasion y has sho better opportunity for displaying her iy weakness aud her taste than on the occurrence of a fancy ball. It would be puerilo to criticise Ibo costumes of tho men. Thoy merely Mow scit i: to keep in tono and consistency with the general tendency and idiosyncrasy of tbo show. Itis tho ladies who command ali attention and msnopoliu y admiration. Fashion, that imperious mistreii, : solo arbiter of dross, has ruled tbe world from antiquity, and tho fair ser A are admitted to bo her willing nnd devoted | followers. Perhaps no nations under heaven havo been more loyal to the feather and fiower- J, decked goddess than tho English aud French, y and that may account for tho renowned celebrity y of their national and social gatherings, in which Jij tho oppusilo sexe3 aro brought togoiher. Bat - though fashion may enjoy undivided empire yf in her own peculiar sphere, she is capriciooi | and changing, and this is curiously illustrated > by tho derivation of tho term costume, which it .y from cosluma, signifying custom, and hence the yj incongruous combination of colors and deaigci y. iu dress and ornament which greetod tho eye lsfi y nighh might indicates to tho thoughtful h student of the manners and customs of | different people, tho Bigns and badges of y the reigning order of morals and idest ' to which they belonged. Thus a beautiful y embroidery reminds us of an art long j| ago brought to perfection by Tynan sod | Phrygian ladies. Tbe Grecian tnnics aud pcplum, ,! or outer covering, have no corresponding sea®- j bianco in tbe modern toilet, Tho diadem of June, |j the initra of Cores, and tbe turreted crown J | Cybele are unknown, except in fnncy. ftbata ri symbol of modesty, for instance, was the pipkin jj of a Grecian lady? Who doet nit re- j member tbe Homeric description of the coy A manner in which Penelope drew that garment to veil her face, as a signal ot yj assent, on being asked whether site would leave J her father and go to live with her husband? j Coming to later times wo meet with other phaiet j of style which indicate the evolutiou in dr«t ;j and fashion. The smooth and chaste biade «th pj which Raphael decked the forehead of hu j Madonnas suggest tho classical purity ot t S j Reuaissanco ; Rubens and Correggio dr ,-J thoir blondea in saffron-colored drapery, j and without any violation of the anoni ,1 of art they might have added necklseei ;J of topaz and yellow amber, became way 1 cannot beauty, like a sentimental m U .1 be treated by similitude as well as by contrail' ,-J Chaucer's description of thei Canterbury r guoi ;1 contains a vivid picture of the motley crow o ; I knights aud ploughmen of bis age. The orn ,J and crescent coiffure belonged to the reigno |J Henry VI. Heart-shaped bounets are in remeo. J| branceof Marie Stuart; Leg-of-mutton sleeve" | remind us of tho Restoration ; laced bodteq r| tight sleeves and pendant cuffs were charactern i ,w of tho reign of Louis VII. the i rrac en J against the Voltairean philosophy and the We®» -J revolution is indicated in women s dress y (J adoption of rolled-Jike tnrbans, which '-'J the memory of the Crusades, aud the chivalry, real or feigned. The beeps and pads J skirts carry the bewildered observer back ; to || Second Empire. All these and a thousand .« fantastic costumes were displayed last eveu ;j| And wuat conquest cannot beauty, asus' f| the blandishments of art, achieve? Watt" . |j be done with tbe secret aid of cosmetics, |fl and Tbeban perruquiers ? , . ,|i Rut costumes are nothing in comparison 0 if beings who wear them. The activity j which pervaded tho brilliant sceue is mote , resting to contemplate that tbe mere tin play of tashion, limping in base tint a » |,| the customs of bygono time3. jl and Venus are there either in -J or imagination. Tho chaste D 'I with tho haughty Mars, and Jt | to conquer Prince Henry in these u / j tho Boaris Head; aud Falst.ff th be. compauiou of the mad-cap prince ing about deploring tbu m,r. tre || aud sugar. Beatrice and Benedick one . |1 trying to cheat one another, and en |I themselves. Titauia, Queen fi languidly by and cries " Heigh, bo ,nJ || Then there aro a host of snaggy ' || musical Ariels disporting like dolpMs || tricate mazes of tho dance, wh .mwds of 11 spacious hall skip right mem y | nymphs as Jovely as those which _ g 1 Yemen's lofty mounts. ' $9 luminous aud dazzling inimlWjr si / , H 1 oTi«Tortex of mirtfl revelrr I 'SS b £ 6TeninB air-MTh 6 compos«l of two Jdeos, „„c. Tbo PxradUo of Milton al»o lijl' ihe tsmo 'pit'' »f radiance aDdf 111 . the jednctivo lnflnenco of I iire»T' l_v tho ballroom snch a h„m. Tho music last night I 'irepiog »>'b the dancing' ,f th! "iv trippefl along. «n8 800,4 not .Thuino with Florixel in hmroptnron, I J.'r ,rltbl" e - Perdita danco-" When I ooj« a waro of tb0 sea,, that do -""hine but ' ( r! on lnd on, chasing the glowing hours , Tine passed rapidly-far too IliS bYsand bjo «jocnud morn stood ih.'mistT moontam tops, and tho uC84 a uk"dTm> 101,8 remem" its exquisite loveliness. 