WHAT IT COSTS TO WRITE WELL.--" Excellence is not matured in a day, and the cost of it is an old story. The beginning of Plato's " Republic," it is said, was found ill an old tablet written over in a variety of ways. Addison, we are told, wore out the patience of his printer; frequently, when nearly a, whole impression of the Spectator was worked off, he would stop the press to insert some new proposition. Lamb's most sportive essays were the result of most intense brain labour ; he used to spend a week at a time in elabor ating a single humourous letter to a friend. 'rennyson is reported to have weitten'(l'"Conie into the Garden, Maud," more than fifty times over before it pleased. him; and "Locksley Hall," the first draft of which was written in two days, he spent the better part of six weeks for eight hours a day, in altering and polish ing. Dickens, when he intended to write ri Christmas story, shut himself up for six weeks, living the life of a hermit, and coming out as haggard as a murderer. Balzac, after he had thought out thoroughly one of his philosophi cal romances, and amassed his materials in a most laborious manner, retired to his study, and fromn that time until his book went to press society saIv him no more. When he appeared among his friends, lie looked, said his publisher, in the popular phrase, like his own ghost. ThIe manuscript was afterwards altered and copied; when it passed into the hands of the printer, from whose slips the book was re written a third time. Again it went into the hands of the printer-two, three, and some times four separate proofs being required before the author's leave could be got to send tihe perpetually re- written book to press at last to have-it done. He was literally the terror of all printers and editors. Moore thoughtit quick work if lie wrote seventy lines of" Lalla Rookh" in a week. Kingslake's "Eothen," we are told, was re- written five or six times, and was kept in the author's writing desk almost as long as Woodsworth kept " White Doe of Rylsone," and kept like that, to be taken out for review and correction almost every day. Buffon's "Story of Nature" cost ,Iim fifty years of labour before he sent it to the printer. "He composed it in a singular manner, writing on large-sized paper, in which, as in a ledger, five distinct columns were ruled. In the first column he wrote down the first thoughts; in the second he corrected, enlarged, or pruned it; and so on until lihe reaclhed the fifth column, within which he finally wrote the results of his labour. But even after this he would cdmprise a sentence twenty tuines, and once devoted fourteen hours to finding the proper word to round off a period." John Foster often spent hours on a single sentence. Ten years elapsed between the coummencement of Goldsmith's " Traveller'' and its completion. La Roclheloucauld spent fifteen years in preparing his little book of maxims, altering some of them, Segaris says, nearly thirty times. We all know. how Sheridan' polished his wit and finished his jokes, the saime things being found on different bits. of paper differently..expressed. Rogers shobvied Crabbe Robinson a note of Iris " Italy," which lie said took him two weeks to write. It consists of a very few lines.- Exvchange. TnHE Times of the 15th Juine consisted of ninety-six columns, of which nearly seventy, four (more than twelve pages) were adver, tisements. 'VAR?--The question is, Are we to have it real colonel ? The colonel of the question lies in a nutshell. The nut is Palmer's, and is.consequently .rather hard to crack. B3ut while Palmer is emphatically, declaring 'that we must have a genuine live military colonel at the head of our volunteer force, we beg to draw attention to a sort of man whom it would be even more desirable to possess as our commander-in-chief. In a recent num ber of the Contemporayl , Professor Goldwin Smith points prophetically to the happy day when "Science, in the form of a benign old gentleman with a bald head and spectacles on nose, holding some beneficent compound in his hand, will confront a standing army and the standing army will cease to exist." That's our sort, now. If this baldheaded party exists anywhere except in the brain of' Goldwin Smith, that's the man for our money. This is the kind, no doubt, of whom it is said, Blessed are the peacemakers. If he is not at present to be found at any terrestrial address, it is our bounden duty to conjure - him into existence. A land-order for the entire Never-never region, the ,gift bf ,the, . Enoggera goldfield, the wharfages at bIackav, a National Association certificate-nothing, ., nothing should be considered too extravagant a bonus to lure him into actuality and into. our service. Fancy what a position this fellow could give us in the comity of nations !i Let one of them but stand in our way, avrd presently . . . a fizz . . . and 'a smell . . and there is a country to let. Of course the ladies would not be so strongly in favour of the scientific bald-head as of Palmer's clanking sabretache. It is awfiul to think what will become of glory and all. that sort of thing when the spectacled Pick, wicks of science get warfrre into their own hands. Imagination runs even beyond the suggestions of Goldwin Smith, and we can fancy that the Pickwick in question will not even take the trouble to go out and confront the standing army. We fancy it more likely that he will simply sit down in his oflice, spread out a map of isobars before him, and by touching a mysterious handle straight way alter the climatic conditions of the ihos tile country. Presently the telegraph informs him that the offender's provinces and towns are knee.ddep iti water, and anon there comes.. a humble petition for peace and fine weather, with the offer of any amount of indemnity. . This, we take it, is the War of the Lsture. That's the sort of colonel we want-=horse,. foot, and artillery, fleet, marines, rn.dltorpe-. does, all roiled in one. That uag willebe. the true herald of the millenium, for, when, soldiering is reduced to merely pressing a, button, nobody will care a button ,bout sol.. diering.,-" Specia!tics," inq Queenslader. 