The Sleigh Drive. By ERNA. Wratttn for the Christmas Number of the Sydney Mail. (From the PoUsh.j Christmas was at hand. A fertile east Galician plain that a few months before had presented to the eye a sea of corn, was uov, covered with a mantle of snow. The villages, surrounded by high walls of snow, looked like winter fortifications. Here and there might be seen a solitary mansion-house, covered with bright coloured icicles. In the Kaiser Strasse, which led through the land to the east, lay the low thatched cottages of the Kamientz property. A long avenue led to the mansion. The high poplars being leaness, stood out like giant brooms against the sky, and were peopled by numerous crows ; the hungry ?parrbws sat despondingly on the hedges. The mansion-house itself, a long, high storied building, was destitute of architectural beauty — it lay perfectly free from any protecting wall or surrounding hedge. Any curious passer-by had only to look in at the window on the ground floor, and there he would see in the servant's hall, the walls stuck over with pictures, treating of sacred subjects. The servants, mostly chid in the pretty Russia-minor costume, sitting together; the coachman and valet at cards, and the old nurse of the present mistress telling the young women of Twardoski the necromancer, the Faust of Poland. lie who would be at the trouble of climbing one of the high trees in front of the white washed mansion, could see through the well-lit panes the mistress of Kamientz. She sat by the crackling wood fire, her feet resting on an immense bearskin, while she read a book, much the worse for wear. It was thought inconceivable that one born to the fall enjoyment of life — one who naturally shone in society, and was, moreover, hardly twenty-four years of age, should prefer a monotonous country life to all the gay pleasures of the town : considering too, that Aldona was a highly intellectual and beautiful woman. As she sat there on her low damask chair, her slim figure enveloped in a black velvet dress, and a jacket of that same aristocratic material, her . exquisitely formed head adorned with innumerable black plaits, she looked like a dethroned queen or a banished goddess. A deep stillness reigned on all around, only broken at intervals by the hoarse bark of the wolf hound that kept watch near the house. The young mis tress, however, was so engrossed in her .book, that she heard neither the barking of the dog, the crack ling of the fire-wood, the chirping of the cricket, nor the footstep of the gentleman just entering. He was a man so perfectly suited to the beautiful u At she tot there on her low datnaek chair she looked like a. dethroned queen or banished goddess.' woman who reclined there before him, as if he had been made for her. Still, he was not handsome, nor had he that aristocratic bearing that so distinguished her ; but, his appearance, like his manner, was of that stamp which constitutes real and trttc nobility. An intellectual free mind along with an' inflexible character. IgorManienro, a patrician squire, in the neighbour hood, was of middle height, but so 6trong and well proportioned was he, that he looked ' just the right thing,' not clumsy, nor yet too tall. His weather beaten face, high Itoman nose, round firm chin, and severely black eyebrows, could not conceal the good nature and benevolence of his whole being. His large clear eyes sparkled with animation, and when he spoke, his charm of voice was irresistible. An oppo nent in controversy had little chance with him, his arguments and explanations were always so clear. ' Good evening,' began he, after he had regarded the beautiful creature with sympathy. 'Ah! you are there Igor!' she stammered out with confusion, and hiding the book in her pocket. She rese, came forward, and put her small^hand into his. ' I have disturbed you I fear,' said Igor ; ' forgive me ! To redeem my fault I will sit down in that corner there, and amuse myself with Nero till you hava finished reading.' Nero was a large black, cat that, until now, had, un I observed by its mistress, been lying at her feet enjoy ing the warmth of the fire, but awakened by Igor's friendly voice, she stretched her limbs and purringly approached the visitor. 'My reading,' said Aldona; 'I have not been really reading. Igor laughed. ' You at least give me one satisfaction that I had neither expected nor exaeted,' replied he. ' So my lectures have borne fruit after all ! Certainly you still read hurtful books, but you are now ashamed of doing so.' ' 'Who said so:' asked Aldona. 'The pocket of your jacket, that seems quite proud of the French novel, judging by the curious way it is swelled out.' While Igor said this, he tapped gently on the book which Aldona was hiding from him. ' You are mistaken,' said she petulantly. 'I am not often mistaken,' exclaimed Igor. 'When I do make an assertion ; there it is, as I say. Show me the book will you ? ' The beautiful woman turned her back in a very ungracious manner, but he gently drew the book from her pocket, opened it — ' Dunias, the Count of Monte Christo ' ? ' You are incorrigible Aldona!' ' And you, you are — ' she did not finish her sentence. ' Pardon me,' said he, after he had given back the novel, ' but I involuntarily judge of people by the books they read, and I think with far greater right, than by their faces and style of dress, as is generally done. Now, since I 'have taken it into my head to cure you my noble patient, I must, from time to time, convince myself of the results of my prescription — in your case, to look after your reading is the best thing to be done.' ' 'Who gave you the rifjht to treat me like a child?' asked Aldona, with all the severity she had at command. ' Who gave me the right to tell you the truth, even though it sounds unpleasant r' replied Igor, without for a moment losing his self possession ; 'the deep sympathy that I feel for you, and your fate, for your better self, which, in spite of the dress of a modern education, and of a purposeless superfi cial life, you have, in a way, remained true to, or am I mistaken r Only tell me that you are happy and coe ' It fccnied as if fhc were to be lost after all, and that quite near to the place of refuge.' tented with the tuning things of the world that have high-sounding names given them in order to cover their very fiimsiness, and I will be silent.' ' You know very well Igor how the great world, with its round of empty pleasures, disgusts me,' said Aldona, without looking at him, but 'what does life give us that we should be so impressed with its value?' ' Don't complain to me of life ; every one has his share in it — just in proportion as he deserves it; just in proportion as he governs his unreasonable desires,' replied Igor. ' Not t hat which we attain, not that which we already possess, makes us really happy. We can only find satisfaction in striving and icrcst ling for that which seems to promise us contentment. Most men strive for worldly possessions as long as the breath is in them. Y'ou, Aldona, have all that the world can give to make you happy, and yet, all only tires you : your riches actually* hamper your every pleasure, for a fortune that comes- to us W inherit ance, that we have not made ourselves, is no blessings. I understand this perfectly, and therefore do not reproach you for your ennui in this respect ; lam only astonished that a woman endowed with intellectual gifts has never considered that there is something more worthy in life to be gained than personal beauty, riches, and pleasure ; that she never considered that those who have to work for their daily bread, who have to fight for their mere existence, are prevented by that very poverty from undertaking higher duties. You, who have no care on j-our own account, ought to begin working for others, and showing every interest in them. Set before yourself, first, a small object, and then a greater, and still greater ; daily increase your duties, strive, fight bravely, and you will soon have for your guest, what you have hitherto in your luxury sought for in vain — contentment.' Aldona took a few turns up and down the room, then, throwing herself into an easy chair, asked, ' Well ! what am I to do, shall I begin by breaking stones on the road side, or must I act as shepherdess to the parish r' ' Like all who have led a. useless life, who sit sigh ing before their mirror, you have recourse to joking when the realities of life are put before you,' said Igor coldly. ' Just ask the mothers and daughters of the Russian nobility if, when living among the people, there is nothing to do. These ladies, whose mothers know nothing beyond a well-ordered table, dress, suitors, and parties, and whose reading consisted of worthless novels, — these ladies who could, in cold blood, order their serfs to be lashed, eye often inflict the punishment with their own hand, have begun to instruct the peasant children, (there being no school for the poor), and seeing there is also a want of doctors, they attend the Universities in order to study medicine, and qualify themselves to undertake the charge of the sanitary institutions in the low-lying parts of the country. I do not talk of all this as of something perfect. Something worthy of ? imitation in all respects ; but I see in it something useful — something deserving of consideration — apart from the duties of a mother, of a wif e — duties which our women often ignore. Can you imagine a more beautiful calling for one like yourself than that of physician, comforter, and teacher to the lower classes ?' ' So you want to make a female student of me at any price?' laughingly 6aid the beautiful young woman, while she, with inimitable sang-froid', lit a cigarette. ' Something of the kind,' replied Igor, 'but if we would teach others, we ourselves must see through the mist that clogs our intellect. To cure others, we should be in health ourselves ; above all, I would urge you not to play with your life as you have hitherto done I would administer some of that sweet medicine we call lore.' Through her half-closed eye-lids Aldone regarded her friend a little scornfully. ' ' ' Look at me, ' cried he. 'I remain by what I have said ; you must, above all lore.' 'Ijoxe you?' laughed Aldona. 'Whynotr' said Igor very earnestly. ' Hovr touching ! ' sarcastically exclaimed Aldona. ' I can never hear a word about love without laugh ing. It does not matter hotc interesting a man is to me, the moment he mentions being in love with me, he becomes unbearable.' 'That would be a symptom favourable to me.' 'How sor' ' Well, since you hate me note, gracious lady,' cried Igor, you will begin to love me as soon as I say that I love you.' Aldona laughed merrily. ' So you really do love me Igor r ' ' Yes' Aldona,'' replied Igor, ' inconsistent as it may sound. I love you in spite of your numerous faults and petty vices ; indeed, I love you half against my trill.' ' I believe you there,' said Aldona, suddenly becom ing earnest ; ' but you are rather bearish ; such things should only be said to a lady in the attitude of adora tion — kneeling.' Hardly had Aldona said this than the stern man was at her feet. She looked surprised for a moment, and then burst into a fit of laughter. ' You are just as absurd as the rest,' said she. Igor got up with a certain amount of offended dignity — silently bowed, and left the room. Aldona sprang from her seat, she involutary showed an inclination to detain her offended friend, but the words died on her lips, and the half held out handtohim hung apathetically down. The beautiful life-wearied woman stood for a time lost in thought ; then she began to pace the room in an impatient and excited manner. Suddenly she stamped her foot, and rang the bell violently.' Her maid appeared at once. Aldona in a few commanding words, ordered her 6leigh and furs. Her servants were accustomed to prompt obedience, so that in a very short time the lady's maid announced that the sleigh -was before the door. The mistress hastily putting on her furs, hurried down stairs. 'I shall drive out alone,' said she gloomily— got into the sleigh, took the double - cushioned seat, arranged the rugs and skins, then seized the reins. ' But my lady ' began the old coachman, scratch ing his head in his confusion, ' you certainly should not drive out alone.' 'Be quiet — no more,' cried Aldona. ' But, persisted the old servant, the country's at present full of wolves and other wild animals, driven down from the mountains by hunger.' Aldona looked at him for a moment, then desired him to fetch her pistols, which she now resolved to take with her. ' I must tell you, my lady, that something dreadful has just happened : a peasant woman has been pur sued by the wolves, and literally torn to pieces by them, and this just on the other side of the forest ; it would be better for me to go with you.' . . But Aldona would not listen further to the old man. She waved her long whip over the heads of her black horses, and the handsome wild pair rushed on with her. That was an extraordinary drive through what seemed a boundless ocean, and at the same time, depressingly monotonous plain of snow ; the white sleigh, ornamented by a swan's head, the fiery black horses, and the beautiful proud woman enveloped in furs, befitting a princess. As she flew over the brook, whose murmur had long since been silenced by a covering of ice, the willows came in sight; their snow-covered branches hung down iike white arms, and looked to Aldona like so many ghosts wrapped in their shrouds, who, in long procession, swept through the whiter night, motioiung and threatening her ; but she turned away her head, and cracked her whip to dispel the illusion. The horses snorted, their little bells tinkled louder than usual, and the sleigh groaned on its way. Now they pass a village whose roofs the snow threatens to bur y ; the smoke clouds ascend, and in the clear moonlight seem changed into silvery air ; now and then the bark of a dog might be heard,_ or the peasant's slow monotonous hymn, at evening worship ; little nervous lights flickered in the windows, and the heavy icicles, with their diamond-like glitter, hung from the smoky beams like costly ornaments constructed by the hand of man. Again, deep solitude, the silence of the night and of buried nature. The sleigh shot its restless burden past a tavern half buried in the snow ; the violins sounded joyous, the bass fiddle did its part heavily, as if to tone down the exuberance of the first, the cymbal wept. The bacchanalian sound seemed to invite Aldona to love, joy, pleasure. Long after she had turned her back on them these sounds haunted her like goblin voices : now like children crying, now like the jeering laughs of condemned souk. Already the forest stood on the right ; a group of old oaks seemed placed there as outposts, and, as the sleigh passed these, two screaming ravens flew off, knocking the snow from the branches with their black wings. They turned, and disappeared as sud denly as they had come. Aldona never thought of turning home ; she drove straight on without a purpose, urging on the horses without the least necessity for doing so. She grew oo vrann with this mad chase, opened out her furs, and felt the cold sharp air a real benefit. All at once her horses stood still and shook with terror. On both sides appeared burning lights, fire-like ores, and then a -well-known howl struck Aldqna's ear. It was -wolves. The bold, fearless woman never for a moment lost her courage ; she lashed on the horses, and the sleigh sped along swift as an ai row. But not for long. Prom the long, mad race, and the terror they -were under, the poor half-lamed horses could .not proceed so fast, and the wolves, encouraging each other by an occasional howl, came nearer and nearer. Aldona saw the whole pack advancing — felt for a moment at a loss to know what to do, and remembering how others had acted when in a similar position, she seized the cushions on ?which she was sitting, and threw them one after the other out of the sleigh, then the rug which had been covering her feet, and lashed on the horses with all her might. As each, of these was thrown out the wolves stopped, threw themselves on the object, smelt it, and tore it to atoms, thus giving Aldona a tempo rary advantage. Now with coaxing tones, now with violent blows, she urged on the steaming horses, so that for a minute the ravenous monsters were lost to sight ; only too soon did she again hear their awful howl— saw again their glaring eyes. Without further reflection she took off her costly fur cloak and threw it to her grim followers. Once more the wolves stopped, and again Aldona succeeded in driving on her horses to madden ing speed. The beautiful heiress now stood upright in the sleigh, the reins in one hand, her wip in the other. She was deadly pale, but firm as a rock. The horses were always getting more exhausted. She looked back, and saw the wolves rushing on as if to make up for lost time. Throwing down her whip, she drew her pistols from the girdle of her velvet dress, and aimed at the first of the pack. He was just going to make a spring. There was a shot — and the mon strous wolf lay weltering in his blood. The others, made ravenous by hunger, rushed upon him and tore him in pieces. In her extremity Aldona suddenly saw in the distance a wooden building used as a shepherd's hut in summer ; she directed her despairing horses to tliis, but anew the wolves threatened to foil her. As a last resource she shot the weaker of her two horses, and cut the traces with the dagger she always carried about with her. The poor agonized animal staggered, tried to stand upright, and sank to rise no more ; it uttered a heart-rending neigh as the blood-thirsty brutes, who had now come up, fell upon it. Aldona could have wept over the poor dying creature of which she had been so fond, but it was just .one of those moments when one thinks of self alone — indeed can only tliink of self preservation. She mercilessly lashed on the remaining horse ; it threatened to give in at every step ; it seemed as if she were to be lost after all, and that quite near to the place of refuge, for, just as she heard the wolves again, the poor horse, driven to death, fell to the ground. Aldona struck it so hard with her whip handle that the latter broke in two. Once more it was chased on ; it was his last strength, his last effort. Before the hut he completely broke down, Aldona sprang out of the sleigh and ran up the ladder leading to the loft filled with hay, the place occupied by the shep herds in summer. She had hardly got up and thrown down the ladder than the monsters were there. She could hear the despairing neighing of her poor horse — the demon like howl of the wolves — then her senses forsook her. A loud report awoke her, she got up. Below she could hear a succession of shots ; she no longer doubted that help was at hand. In a moment her strength returned. She hurried to the open door, through which she had got in, and waved her hand kerchief as a signal. 'There she is, do you see her?' cried a well known veice. Torches came nearer, then men's voices were heard. She recognized her servants as they raised the ladder. Fast, very fast did she come down, and was rejoiced over by her people. As she was on the last step, Igor stood before her ; he covered her hand with kisses. Not long after having left Aldona, he had turned back to the mansion house, and was horrified when told by the servants of Aldona V adventurous drive. He had ordered her servants to ?follow him on horseback immediately. To him the proud beauty owed her salvation ; she knew it at this ' moment, she asked him no questions, her heart was too full to speak. She silently threw her arms round his neck, and leant her head against his breast. At last she found words. ' Now, I know the value of life, Igor,' she stammereS. ' At your side I will begin a new life — you dear, good, forgiving man. Here is my hand, lead me and I will follow you.' Aldona has kept her word. She follows the man who teaches her the true value of life in caring and working for others. 