THE MERCURY. IO!!! " ? MONDAY MORNING, SEPT 15, WQ. WE suppose we may take it for granted that the third reading of the Bill authorising the payment of interest to the Main Line Railway Company from the date the trains ran through between Hobart Town and Launceston, and to the end of last quarter, will pass to-morrow as. a matter of course in the Legislative Council. The conditions sought to be imposed by the minority in that Chamber, if carried, could have been justified as a matter of legal right, and also of expediency when dealing with such shifty people as appear to be selected for conducting the business, of the Company ; but the majority thought differently. While admitting the expediency, they failed to see the necessity of so decided a step, unit tl)p.refoi>e we suppose the minority will rest satisfied with the record they have left of the stand they desired to have taken. They may rest assured that the wisdom and' necessity of what they proposed will yet be made manifest, and that in this, as in several previous matters we will have to record painful results from the too joQsje manner in which, in the vain hope of promoting a settlement, we have kept the public purse strings. To the Company's concession seems a justification of further demands. ~ Clamour and perseverance have hitherto carried the Company through, and we are not sanguine enough to believe that we have seen the last of successful pressure on a too facile Parliament. sat Judge we would once more raise our protest against that system of putting off and temporising that has (step by step let! us into a position which is all the more mortifying that it might have been so easily avoided and with this protest, we would also raise our warning against any more of that vacillation, infirmity of purpose, and weak concession that have wrought so much mischief to Tasmania. There is, on the part of a large body of the public, a conviction that Ministers ought, in offering to carry out the advice of Counsel which seems to carry conviction to none to have made some such stipulation" as contained in the province submitted by Mr. Guünn there is also a painful impression that Ministers are to be blamed for any further trouble the Colony may have with the Company in connection with existing matters of difference, inasmuch' as all seem to to feel that had Ministers tendered payment on any such condition, as proposed by Mr. GRUBB and shown in, necessary firmness, the Company, through the Deputation, would have been only too glad to have accepted the terms, and given a discharge in full of all existing demands the Deputation would, in fact, on its return to England, have been congratulated on the successful issue of its mission. But having gone so far, Ministers may, we think, be safely Wt by the Legislative Council to carry out the proposition contained in the Bill as it passed in committee of the Council. Let us bury the past in so far as we have committed ourselves by the opinion of Counsel, and resolve that for the future all entrusted with the protection of the interests of Tasmania shall exercise more forethought and firmness. The victory is not all with the Company. It will have to accept the money in the full knowledge that the Colony feels convinced it is paying that which is not due and in answer to the allegation which the Company, following its usual defamatory line of conduct, is sure to make against our good faith-that of only paying the money under the compulsion of the presence of a dunning Deputation the Colony can answer that Country does not ask the permission of its Legislature to pay that which it conceives justly due. But, in the case of the Main Line Railway Company, the usual course of an appropriation vote under which salaries and other liabilities are paid, has not been followed. The payment to the Main Line Railway Company having no legal, moral, or honour obligation, cannot be made by Ministers without the express sanction of an Act of Parliament. That authority, we hope, will be given to-morrow, and then, forgetting our past weaknesses and errors, we must take our stand firmly and resolutely on the contract and relative statute, Should the Company be audacious enough to, as threatened. by Colonel GREY, lost in the Supreme Court their title to payment of interest for the period the train service did not extend beyond Evandale, we shall think more highly of the Company than we have yet done, and we shall do Colonel GUE BY the justice of ab- solving him from the suspicion of disingenuously advancing claims which in his own mind he knows to be untenable. But till the Company show they make an honest conviction in the sub- stantially of their plays, the part of the Colony must now be one of aggression. We have too long followed of waiting policy, and, for. tunately, our inactivity has not been a masterly one. When seeking the sanction of Parliament to his Payment of Interest Bill, the hon, the COLONIAL Tniusuituit gilded the bitter pill by telling Parliament that thus would the Colony be in a position to have that inspection of the Reno find Plant made which the Act and Contract do not authorise till the opening of the Line has been recognised. Mr. GIBLIN said that the payment of interest being made, it would be the duty of Government to pay the off Section of the Railway Act in operation, and stocks Iftion'under it. That Section is in these words I The said person or C/nupnBtrphqll be bound at all times to keep the said Railway and whole undertaking in good and efficient repair and working condition -38 I- """ is "1851 strong in him finvprnrtr.in.Pniinpil and in any; in time "ii'"" vi was .-.".w..«. ... a"""".., upon the report of any officer appointed for the purpose, that the works in any part; are not in good and efficient repair and working condition, it shall be lawful for the Governor-in-Council, after such notice as to him shall seem fit and proper, and in) default by the said person or Company, to effect the necessary repairs and works to be poor for used at the cost of the said person or Company by persons to be appointed by the ¿rOvornpr<ili-CouiiLil in that behalf ; find the cost of executing such repairs and works, and all charges connected therewith, feared And may be recovered from the said person or Company at the suit of the Minister of Lands and Works before any Osnrfjçf competent jurisdiction." We think ' it will he admitted even by those who may differ from our conclusions that in the past we have been correct as to our facts, and that we have been singularly accurate in anticipating the Company's line of conduct under any probable given circumstances; showing the possession of means Of information that were as puzzling us discuss- fiting to the Company. We therefore feel we are entitled. to. claim the attention of Government when we tell them that they may not find such facilities for obtaining an. inspection and report as to the condition of the Line as the PEEMimiovidcntly anticipated when he addressed the Assembly. We pass over the contention of the Company that the clause of the rection gives no authority to inquire into or report on the construction of the Line, the Colony's pon ore being restricted to the question, is the railway " in good and efficient repair and working con- dition' and we leave them) to tell us what is the use of a power to recover from the Company the cost of executing " works" as well as " repairs." if the execution of work" does not include making good any, deficiency of construction. * We I leave the points for the Law Courts, tuidtfiU Ministers' that in taking action to obtain an inspection and report on the condition of the " railway and whole undertaking, they will do well to be prepared for the Company resisting any proceedings by the Colony under the above-quoted section of the statute. Our information leads us to believe that the Company will refuse to allow any inspection of the Line till the whole interest is paid, and that on this stand they will next try to coerce the Colony into paying the interest for the period the trains ran only between Hobart Town and Evandale. Having failed to obtain the sanction of Parlia mont-to the proposal to split the difference, ''Mr. JuhT hopes toobtainfortheCdhipanyhalf,at least, of the sum in dispute. To arbitration on this point neither Government nor Parliament are likely to assent, in which case the Company will J we believe, resort to a system of passive resistance to compel the Colony to yield yet another point. It is. all very well, they argue, to say that they are bound to keep the Line and undertaking in proper repair and working condition, and that Government may direct to be done such repairs and works as are necessary, charging the cost to the Colony, But to enable anyone to report on the necessity of such) works," an inspection is a first preliminary and power to make that inspection is, they maintain, not vested in the Government. It can only be acquired by arrangement with the Company, who, we are led to understand, intend to refuse their assent while a portion of the interest they claim remains unpaid, With this information, We give U(Q Qoygjm mont a bit of advice, We warn them against being entrapped into any correspondence with the Company on the subject, Wliqrp p. correspondence commencing on any subject is to end, who may say who has watched the shifting and evasive tactics of the railway letter writers; To the Company, time and its opportunity for wearying importunity are everything, and they have, and not without reason, great faith in s,ompthirçg turning up. Ministers if they would avoid being turned!; trifled" with and failed ¡ if they would save Intftot the further inWpsta of the Colony, will take care that they are not dragged into another correspondence, and will shun nil verbal communings. The motto of Ministers should be " once bitten, twice shy." They should make a plain and peremptory demand for the required facilites for obtaining an inspection and import, antWnsisp per ft plain, no qualified, and direct answer. ' Failing this, Government should be prompt and decisive, and at once, if such a course is necessary, obtain the sanction of Parliament to an inspection or, if their power is already iiyi)j}a.b]p) no jingo diately apply W The Court (or power, to make the required inspection and report, The convenience or desire of the Company should not be for an instant taken into account. Government are absolved from any tenderness in dealing with the Company. Ministers have only the interests of the Colony to look after and having given Governments >yliifûwiui)|iiig so far., the Country expects of them that they will now do their' duty. The PREMIER would hardly have pointed out to Parliament the Colony's powers ijndpp the fit!). socUpj) of the Act if Ministers had not considered tapir nrxjbaljie future course, They have, it is to be 'presumed,' already made up their minds. as to the person or persons to be employed in making the required inspection and report. Thanks to the disorganization of the Civil Service of Victoria, our Government need be at 100 loss to obtain the services of able find qualified engineers. 'T'jp abilities and integrity of Mr. HiaiNiioTHAMureunchallengeable) while, considering the many disadvantages under which he laboured, the reports of Mr. GREENE have been, as a whole, so fully borne out by facts, that we may safely trust to him the performance of such professional duties as are necessary for our protection. And there would be a peculiar fitness in his employment. He saw the line in its first state, He would now see it when, as the railway people say it is no] perfection, and he could therefore undertake the prisoner tion under peculiarly favourable circumstances. Either of those gentlemen named would give a faithful and honest report. But so important issues are involved that if Ministers would occupy a pre-eminently safe position, they should call in the professional assistance of both these ' gentlemen if they can secure their services. This should be ascertained at once so us; in the case of disappointment, to allow time to look out for others equally able and reliable. INTERCOLONIAL MAILS. - We are requested to state, that M t|)p ss. Mangana, with the Intercolonial mails, arrived in Launceston yesterday (Sunday), the mails will be forwarded here by the Goods train this morning, and a delivery of letters at the window of the General Post Office will take place at or about 7s Fan- This anxiety on the part of the Secretary to consult the public convenience is very commendable. But should not the Post Master communicate with the Steam Navigation Company and try and repress their tendency to Sunday trading, which, whatever its effects on the Company's dividends, indicts inconvenience on the public ? AND PURCHASE RAILWAY BILL In the report of the Legislative Council in Saturday's issue some remarks made by the Colonial Secretary and Mr. Innes upon the Railway Purchase Situation Bill were omitted. Those of the former gentleman which were very brief, were to the effect that; he did not know whether the mover (Mr. Grubb) intended the bill as a vote of censure upon the Government, but that in all probability such a setting of the action of Government might, in another place, be accepted as such a statement that brought out the disclaimer by Mr. Grubb, and reported, of any intention or wish to reflect on the Government in bringing in the bill. Mr. Innes referred to English precedents to show that it was quite compatible for the bill to be moved by a private member without any reflection upon the Government being conveyed. HOSPITAL BOARD. - In Saturday's issue Dr. Smart was reported to have said at the meeting of the Hospital Board, that about a fortnight ago, upon his attention being called to the state of the dead house, it was thoroughly cleared out, and that he had not since heard any complaints respect- ing it, The report should have read that his attention WAS called to the dead house prior to May last, and that this led to rules being passed by the Board, which received the assent of the Governor in-Council, and that since then he had heard no complaints about this, branch of the Hospital. CITY COUNCIL-The following is the business for consideration at the meeting this afternoon ex-Public Works Reports from the various Committees as follows, viz. On the application of the honorary secretary of the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals on condition of roads at Lansdowne Crescent and Forest Road j on the offers of Messrs. Andrews, Wiggins, and Hawkes to supply a certain amount of material, labour, horses, and carts, to amend the condition of such roads, if the Corporation will allow the use of the crushing machine, etc. and on two letters from Mr. J. R. Fryer on the condition of Frederick street on a petition for the removal of a shed on Corporation land in Bathurst-street, under lease to the Derwent and Tamar Assurance Company on the application of Mr. Hunter for a bridge over the side channel in Elizabeth- street, and papering and repairing footpath on the application of Mr. George Peasgood for a bridge over the side 'dianne!, Old Wharf, both under by-law 9 on the application of Mr. W. Snow for stone to build a retaining wall in Patrick-street, SUPREME COURT.-This court will sit to-day at 10 a.m. in its small debts jurisdiction. His Honor the Chief Justice will preside. POLICE COURT.-There was a clean charge-sheet at the Police Court on Saturday morning. GLENORCHY. The Inspector of Police visited the station on Thursday Just and inspected the municipal police force, and accoutrements which he pronounced to be in a creditable and satisfactory condition. He also expressed himself in favourable terms as to the books. ' ' referring PAINE-On Saturday the lion, the At'toi-iiey-Goner.il heard an application on the part of Mr. George Westinghouse, jury, of London, for letters patent for an invention for improvements in apparatus for working brakCB on railway trains by fluid pressure, the same having been protected and seemed to him for six months on the preliminary deposit of specification. No objection having been raised, the application was granted. INVALID DEPOT, CASCADEs. It ME perhaps not generally known, that in our midst Were the same philanthropic ladies who periodically visit the Stoffel public charitable institutions in and around the city,' for- this purpose of imparting comfort to the sick and aged, four of' the ladies referred to very liberally supplied a quantity of cane, bras, milk, etc, to the inmates of this establishment at their tea on Friday evening last. The number catered for exceeded 370, and when it is added that the trout was fully appreciated by the old men, it will doubtless be insuring to the kind contributors on the occasion to know that their efforts in a good cause were so gratefully received. After the repast Messrs. Crosby, Mather, and Withington, gave advice and counsel to the men, the latter as to their behaviour generally, and between the addresses hymns were sung, principally by the ladies. Altogether the entertainment May (to use a well established plays) a great success, and being the first of it kind at the depot it is confidently' hoped will not be the last, "The sick and bed-ridden were also sympathised with, and each patient in the several wards had a small bouquet of flowers, with a printed motto attached, given him. Hymns also were sung, and to conclude it may well be said, "And now, philanthropy, thy rays divine," have blazed the cheering light " to some at least of the aged,' the bait, the lame, the blind, and the closing »ito.-Comimmiciittd. . < - \---fa-.i-^--i^-l-----i CLARK'S GAIETY GROUP. This company will make their first appearance in Hobart Town at the Tasmanian Hall to-night. Mr. Sylvester will do Benno necromancy, SB it is called; Voltaire will amuse the audience with Ventriloquism; Mrs. Sylvester will appear as if her realistic tableaux" and Miss Nordt will give selections of vocal music. THEATRE ROYAÍL. There was a numerous attendance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. The comedy of Baby was repeated with much success, and was followed by the intensely amusing farce of A model of a Wife. To-night and to morrow evening the great sensational Irish drama of The Colleen Baum will be produced. As we learn Mr. Wheat! eights engagement will terminate to-morrow evening' we would suggest that arrangements should be made, if possible, to enable the public to see this versatile comedian again in the role of " Born" in the Shaughraun. D'ARCY RIM D'S Ghost On Saturday a mid-day. entertainment took place at the Town Hall, There was a large number of juveniles present. As on the previous week, the boys of the Queen's Orphan Asylum had the privilege of seeing this fine display . of Ghostology, the girls were treated on Saturday, by the kind invitation of Mr. D'Arcy Read, and the permission of Mr. Sandford Scott the genial superintendent of the Asylum, who was himself there, evidently partaking of the general satisfaction at seeing the youngsters enjoying themselves. The spectral adaptation from the meta- physical romance of Goethe's "Faust" was the first part of the performance which, with Mr. D'Arcy Read's graphic delineations, was successfully illustrated, showing Faust's - studio at Gottenburg, the Cottage of Marguerite, the Forest, Ancient Cathedral at Heidelberg, and other particulars before described in The Mercury. The scenery was very effective, as was also the impressive denouement in which angelic messengers survey Marguerite flu, her potential journey. The other part of the programme was The Ghost's Revels in the Haunted House, the different impersonations being aptly sustained by Mr. and Mrs. D'Arcy Read, and the full strength of the very capable company. It is almost superfluous to say the whole of the performance greatly excited the wonderment and hilarity of the audience, the very music, vocal and instrumental, partaking of the humourous, for who could fail to be amused at the concert of presuming any one could enjoy such execrable QQmbÜiatioils of noise. It would add much to the enjoyment of the performance if the musical portion were omitted. it was announced that there would be only three more ghostly exhibitions during the present season, namely, this evening, to-morrow and Thursday evenings. There is to be an entire change of programme, which will? include TQbjn's Imanlaam, !' Vc Past, present, and pictures' ".Tho'Farsoo in search of his Wife, "Phantom Christy's," and the "Miser Bewitched," or "My Wife's Ghost." ARRIVAL OF MUSICAL TALENT The inhabitants of Hobart Town cannot now complain of, a dearth of amusements and the present supply is likely to he kept up for a time, for we see that the s.s. Mau. gang, which arrived at Launceston yesterday, brought over Madame Carlotta Tasca, Mdlle. Rosaly Merz, and Mr. Alfred Plumpton, musical artistes, who have recently finished a series of concerts in Adelaide to crowded houses, hundreds being turned away on the occasion of the fiirOWPU perwfiuau'co,' Jladafjip Toapa brings with her the reputation of a brilliant performer on the pianoforte, her classical recitals having created quite a furore in Melbourne and Adelaide. MdllcMerz is a vocalist of a superior order, possessing a highly cultivated notices, while 3yr. PJumntqn is well known as a composer and adapter of several OIIOI'QO musical selections, a talented vocalist, and a masterly player of the harmonium. The company, the agent of which is Mr. A. Hayman, intends giving the first of three grand concerts on Monday next, the 23rd inst., when the public may rely upon one of those musical theatres which are presented at romp pjl^rvrJs, Cokiptyrj I?p1iiUiAI,Ii"MÀ'4,0lf.- The Costume Football Match' on the City Ground on Saturday was a 'great attraction. It was a good farcical- display. The costumes were varied, grotesque and picturesque, presenting some amusing combinations, The motley crew of masqueraders were marshalled by the "Marchioness" and " Marquis of Lorne." The Marchioness gracefully kicked off and the fray began. It was a strange medley in ludicrous dis- away a pell-mell scramble, with rather too much buffoonery. The kilted chieftain freely brandished his broad claymore, to be overthrown only by a colossal lirjgadjuf-jj Triton, among minnows. An advocate, bewigged and negatived, strove manfully with arguments more forcible than forensic, but, like a modern dressed lady, got often entangled by his (flowing robes, Here was a Turk struggling with a sable minstrel of Ethiopia; there a red coat, working a child of the the sun who was used unmercifully to the great delight of the "small boys; while amid all was the tooting of the clown's penny trumpet, the chirping of the tambourines, the quips and cranks, of the jesters who disported themselves in frolic with the "old man'', and the shrill war whoop of a flaming Indian in scarlet and ferocious point, who performed with the agile adroitness of a veritable "brave" of the woods. The "marchioness'" merry men were treated to some horseplay, but even in the thickest of the fight she received the gallant consideration due to the sex. Qqals were quite a secondary consideration the amusement, however, did not last long ; the ardour of the players soon cooled and the proceedings became very desultory. Finally \\\\\Q boys, probably encouraged by the absence of play and the superabundance of burlesque, invaded the ground, and there was a very confused wind-up, so that, though the affair commenced well, the general result was not so satisfactory as it promised to be at the outset. The following were the principal characters : - "Marquis of Lorne," Molloy; "Marchioness,"Lovett; "ItalianCount," Watchorn; "Perfect Cure," Finlay ; "Clowns," Wilson and Creswell ; " Minstrels," Burr, Forest, and Morris a ". Mephistopheles," Paul ; China- man," Ellis ; "Mississippi Twins," Kirby, Bros.; ;' Indian Officer, " Garrard ; " Midshipmen, " Belbin, Kirby, Horn, and Hare; Barrister-at-Law "Fox; "Pantaloon," Lindley! The costumes were made up with care, with masks and -wigs, tall peaked caps, ribands, etc., and there was a striking novelty representing night and day. The best make up was. that of Mr. Lovett, in his female guise, of being doubted by many,' so truthful was the assumption, whether or not some Amazonian girl of the period had not taken to the muscular game. Just before the kick off the portraits of the company were taken by Mr. Winter. When interest had centred in the game a most injudicious diversion was made in the introduction among the spectators of a small brigade of .' sturdy beggars " who, cap in hand, importuned the crowd for stray sixpences, The error of such a proceeding was increased by the late hour at which it was commenced, a paltry £3 5s. being the sum total of the whole" collected, and few will regret the failure, for if money is required there are many ways in which a club may support itself without importuning the public, cap in hand, for peace after the fashion of -street tumbler s once itinerant musicians. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN AGRICULTURAL AND PAIR; TORAL SOCIETY-On are requested to inform intending exhibitors that the secretary will, to suit their convenience, be glad to receive entry fees in postage stamps, where it may be desired to send small amounts by post. Of course, where the subscription has not been Beat, the entry fees can be added to that. Several entries have already been received, and though a large number of the country members have forwarded their subscriptions, a great many more are still expected. The cups, which are on view at Mr. A. P. Miller's, have attracted a good deal of attention. IMPORTATION OF STOCK By the Mangana which arrived at Launceston yesterday an important addition to our colonial stock was made by the importation from Victoria of the pure shorthorn cow, Medora Third, bred by Richard Morton Esq. Mount TW,.;.,,,,) v,-"|.n,.;0 "in ,",f K" A". ""giant,"] gun JOACHIM.!. . item, runs... as. are occurring rain Duke of Brunswick. Medora Third is now in calf to Mr W. J. Clarke's 700 mines bull Fourth Earl of Derrimut which was purchased at Colac when fourteen months old, and which is by the Earl of Geneva, out of a Matilda cow by the Duke of Brunswick. Medora Third is the only Duke of Bruns- wick cow that has been brought to the colony though there are two bulls of thatfamousbrccd here, the fifth Duke of Butterflies, and second Duke of Rockingham. In Victoria, great attention has been paid to the breeding of this particular stock, for over £50,000 worth has been sold there. The gentleman who has imported Medora Thirds is Mr. Thomas Peters of Garth, Fingal whose enterprise in the matter will we trust meet with reward, THE IMPORTATION OF SHEEP INTO VICTORIA. The Chief Secretary has stated in the Victorian Assembly that it was not the intention of the Government to diminish any of the precautionary measures now in existence for preventing the re- introduction of scab' into the colony. He also said, in answer to Mr. Francis, that the Government were taking the proper steps to reduce the import duty on sheep. TASMANIAN DRAUGHT STOCK The Examiner learns, that the stallion Prince Albert, who was exported to South Australia a couple of weeks back, has been sold for the sum of 2300. Prince Albert was by the Clydesdale horse Black Prince (an imported stallion, whose early death was a loss to the colony), and was the property of Mr. William Armstrong, of Bishopsbourne, who sold him to Mr. H. Burrows. The horse was bred by Mr. James Hart, of Casino, and at the various shows he was exhibited at last year, pleased good judges immensely, and gave Suhi'icibus DEATH OF A CHILD On Saturday evening a woman named' Annie Leedham- who resides in Cloudy Bay, Bathurst-street, went to her room to put her baby, three months old, to sleep, and as she did not make her appearance, the land- lady Went to call her, when she found the mother who had been drinking, lying on the child-mind the still (lead. The landlady (Mrs. Stanley), topic the body to the hospital, where it awaits an inquest. It has since transpired that Leedham had procured SODIO paregoric for the child who had been suffering from an equal), and it is supposed an over dose was administered. Information having been given to the police, Sub-Inspector Dorsett has the matter in hand for investigation. ASSAULT WITH A STONE A person named James Finney was on Saturday taken to the Hospital, having been wounded on the head by a blow from stone, inflicted by <. man named Russell. The wound WAI dressed, and the patient went home, SERVICE AT ST JOHN'S -The children's monthly Service of Song was held at St John's Church, Macquarie street, last evening. The church was year filled The musical portion of the service was conducted by Mr Willison The hymns, chosen from Moody and Sankey's collection, were well rendered by the church choir, assisted by a large number of the Sunday school children, whoB0\oiceB in the choruses blended with the others in a pleasing manner The Rev J Scott offer ited, mail delivered an address i, intended more for the younger members of lusnudiloiyçtikiiLj the subject of "Shipwrecks," and (Inning is mile between ocean shipwrecks and the "1 play creeks in the o> foe of life He comp used the stones, dangers, necessary child, guidance, allurements In these signals, safety of anchorage, and the occasional terrible loss of occur a of wages, to theatres of the various passions, the girl ince of holy teaching the temptations of am the safety of faith in the bird and the men and terrible loss to those who refused faith, in the voyage of life He exhorted his hearers to bow are of the storms of passes, to avoid temptation, and to. tiLo safe anchorage in faith The discourse was of an impress six of nature, and one highly suitable to the minds of those to whom it was more particularly addressed FALL FROM V HOUSE-On Saturday Joseph Smith, who was at work on the roof of the Union Club Hotel, fell off and sustained thereby a severe wound on the so tip, the skull being slightly free hired Smith was taken to the General Hospital, where the wound was dressed, and the patient went home RFrPlHTïNQ Si MUTES -As it is proposed to reprint the st whites of Tamamain a new and soon onions form, Borne hints may be obtained from the following for which we are indebted to the Sydney Mo n my IJeraJd Aero are informed that the Government in his authorised the issue of a new edition of the Public Statutes of the colony The large folio edition at present in use was published in 1861, and % volume added in 1874, and there have been almost enough Acts passed since to form another volume The Statues in their present shape form an excellent and comprehensive collection for reference in law courts and Government departments, and far office nee generally, but the volumes are bppqmhjg too numerous and the o.p.]lcQti.an top bulky for other purposes, and especially for professional men to carry about with them when travelling or on circuit The arrangement of the matter chronologically instead of alphabetically, and the want of more fulness in the index are also objected tons retarding reference in the new edition it is intended to remedy these defects as for qa possible The cold action will he compressed into two handy royal 8vo YO.n nies, and will embrace all the the public Acts in actual force which will be grouped together aco ording to subjects, alphabetically, in the form best calculated to facilitate reference, and a very full index, with explanatory tables, showing the history of paoli, Apt, Wv" he supplied An edition of the statutes in this shape has long been needed to replace " Callaghan's Acts and "Carey's Statutes The task of compiling and editing the new work has been undertaken by Mr Alexander Oliver thereby mentary Draughtsman, -and tllP printing and pub bailing will be done if the Government Printer Cncularn Angel advertisements, inviting subscriptions, have been issued and we are informed that a large number of applications for copies have been received from professional gentleman, bankers, merchants, magistrates, and others, whose indicates that the publication is much required, and will be wellapp rcuatgdin business circles The publication will probably take place early next year SALMON IS J'VSMVM» -The Jones and Country Journal (Sydney) of the 7th inst, publishes an article on " Salmon Culture in New South Wales, etc," in which special reference is made to the efforts that have haul made to acclimatise the salmon 1,1 lf.8ii.anla The following is appended to the article " The above was written for early July, when it was thought likely that something more would soon be forthcoming about Tasmanian salmon, Up to the present time (middle of August), however, no reports, so far as we are and, have been published Can it be that this season the coveted fish have become so common that tiny notice of their capture would hoof too little interest for newspaper notice * or is the information sup pressed so that the supply may be monopolised for the tables of privileged on crop If the fish had failed to put in an appeal ince at the expected season, surely the failure would have been duly made public At any rate it is strange that it so late in the season the public are without information on a subject to ill so man eating " Till Bl LiBisonts -The Melbourne Ila and publishes an interesting narrative from Mr li Ljneb, am , one of the Australian Bellringers, of in a counter with the blacks in the far north in reference to the doings of the company, Mr Lynch says in a private letter >-" Business is very good. We expect to reach civilisation (Cool town) by the end of this week From there we proceed to Charles Louis and townsville To morrow (15th August) we open at the Piluiei, 100 miles north of Cooktown falls back 111117, admission, 7s 6d and 4s We are the first professional company that has ever proceeded so far north When travelling we present rather a formidable aspect each member of the troupe being well armed and prepared for the blacks, whom we have to disperse' two or three times a day If we don t they would assuredly ' disperse ' us " HfMtY NFIL WARM-it,-Tlio Melbourne correspondent of the Hadrian Slat writes Old theatre goers will be pleased to learn that one of our old actors, Mr Henry >cil Wirnor, purposes revisiting these colonies, after a lengthened visit to Great Britain and America He requests to arrive in about three or four months hence His admirable representations on the stage during the offices of 6 V Brooke will long be remembered in the minds of all lovers of histrionic art, and doubtless he will receive a hearty welcome., especially as he is, as I might state, born to the sail, Tasmanians claiming him as their own VIRY Archer PEAS-A correspondent informs the Argus that Mr. Jamieson, of the Metropolitan Gas Company, received by the last mail a picket of peas which were taken from the folds of an Egyptian mummy, unrolled in the British Museum, 1000 years old Jr Jaimcspn, que receiving them, placed some of them in a glass of water, out of 24 stalls they had swelled considerably J'licy were then taken out and planted in pots, with good manure, and are now springing into life So far the Aiqtti, but the great horticultural authorities, however, do not believe this to be possible, and ridicule the idea of life being present A ed at seeds for thousands of years Till, members of the committee on centralization of police, appointed at Glamorgan, inform the ratepayers in another column, that it rests with them to decide whether to apply to the Supreme Court to grant a mandamus to compel the warden to take a poll, or abide the forthcoming election of municipal councillors, when the matter would be in the electors han li" A Court of General Sessions, to hear appeals against the assessment roll, is to be held at Bight in on Friday, 27th instant A Win iiNQ*wdl be held at the Clarendon Hotel, Sandy Bay, this or caring, to take steps with regard to the forthcoming vacancy for Queenborough ARovivv Cvinoiic )ni»R|on will be commenced at Campbell Town, this evening, by Father Des Chemins 'his annual meeting of members of the Wellington Cricket Club is to be held on Wednesday next, at half-past four, at the office of the secretary 