ROMISH BIGOTRY. Wei copy the following from the "N. Y. Champion" for the benefit of Father Hugh Gallagher's Parochial Schools. Protestants and J ews send your children to Catholic Seminaries, Nunneries, and Schools if you wish to make ' them tools of the Pope of Rome. teaching that ' none ' can be saved but' roman catholics— extracts:- from a pai'al text-book. There is in use now in the Romish schools in Maryland a text-book, published in 1875 by Kreuzer Brothers, Baltimore,, and sanctioned by the late Archbishop Bayley, from which we clip, the following passages— , "Question. Since the Roman Catholic Church alone is the true Church of Jesus Christ, can any one who dies outside of the Church be saved ? Answer. He cannot. " Q. Did Jesus Christ Himself assure us most solemnly,, and in plain words, that no one can be saved out of the Roman Catholic Church? A. He did when He said to His Apostles ' Go and teach all nations ' &c.; " Q. What do the fathers of the Church say about the salvation of those who die out of the, Roman Catholic Church ? A They all, with out, exception, pronounce them infallibly lost forever.!' ! A little further oil may be found the fol lowing— " Q. Are there any other reasons to show that heretics or Protestants who die. out of the Roman Catholic Church are not . saved ? A. There are several. They cannot be saved, because— 1. They have no divine faith. 2. They make a liar of Jesus Christ, of the Holy Ghost, and of the Apostles. 3. They have no faith |in Christ. 4. They fell away from the true Church of Christ. 5. They are too proud to submit to the Pope the Vicar of Christ. 6. They cannot perform any good works whereby they can obtain heaven. 7. They do not receive the body and blood of Christ. 8. They die in 'their sins. 9. They ridicule and blas pheme the mother of God and his saint3. 10. They slander the spouse of Jesus Christ — the Catholic Church. Again, page 27 — " Q. Now do you think God the Father will admit into heaven those who thus make liars of His Son Jesus Christ, of the Holy Ghost, and the Apostles ? Answer. No ; He will let them have their portion with Lucifer in hell, who first rebelled against Christ, and who is the Father of liars. " Q. Have Protestants any faith in Christ ? A. They never had. "Q. Why not? A. Because there never lived such a Christ as they- imagine and believe in. .. . . , « Q. In what -kind of , a Christ dothey > believe ? A. In such a one of whom they can make a liar, &c.; "Q. Will such a faith in such Christ save Protestants ? A. No sensible man will assert such an absurdity. "Q. What will Christ say to them on the day of judgment? A. I know you not, because you never knew me. Again, page 104 — " Q. Are Protestants willing to confess their sins to a Catholic bishop or priest, who alone ha3 the power from Christ to forgive sins? 'Whose sins you shall forgive' they are for given them. A. No ; for they generally have an utter aversion to confession, and, therefore, their sin will not be forgiven throughout all eternity. "Q. What follows from this? A. That they die in their sins, and are damned." The above intolerant and barbarous ideas are inculcated in the Roman Catholic schools of Maryland in the enlightened age ; and yet there are Protestants and Americans to be found who are foolish and disloyal enough to send their children to these institutions of darkness. — Jolly U%ant. 