7Shayii>ge^ XJ-'roA (iHf.mrH J'tniirV) It .liae lately brcn discovered that (lie names of " friend* of iliu working mnn" arc BclJoiu or never fouiul on subKcrip tion.lixtH. ' According to "Timothy Fogarty,": a now literary light shining in the Evening News, an endeavour has been mado to introduce'4oo Chinese bootmakers into the Sydney factories. " A political failure whoso little in fluence has completely .vanished" is the criticism , passed on .lolin Davies by a Sydney daily. The, Chinese of the metropolis have lately been represented beforo tho Colonial Secretary by a deputation, which asked for and obtained the promise of protection for their lives and property. Poor little dears ! The " young ladies" of Yass who lately played a cricketjnatcli, Aiul "were driven on the , ground, in buggies and .pairs" are quite 'sbbckeil because they were spoken of by the local editor 'as " girls." " One of them" lias written a very snobbish letter in the E. News about it. She thinks . .publicity, if given at,nll, "might have been done gouu. 'Ay." Shades of jemima I It is regarded ns just posniblo that Madame Thiers, who is the most popular lady, uv France, will ",ran." for the -'Presidency,' an successor to President McjMahon. .!*"lt would bo,hard to say,how many linglishiiicii lost' their lives in tho ? Crimea, but it is a. fact that 458 dead ' sheep, preserved by'_ a new refrigerative prooon?,, havo lately,-been .received in f London, from that historic field. ' Tho > Bhecp had much to endure before death, for we find that amongst other places thoypassed through Podwolo?cysca ' and' OfiweicJiini,' and were slaughtered at ,-Antwerp.? ~ * ,: * ' Mr.* Farncll oiighl to lecture on " The Dps and Downs of Political Life." Ho is once.more the accepted Premier of the coimtVy. , lint ,why ? Simply because only' lie and the retired Sir John were able of all the Assembly to form ? Cabinets 1 Sir Hercnles wants us to ' believe this, but ,wo>won't. ' Tho 80th instant is announced as tho day of nomination nnd tho 6th January i as polling day for Mudgeo. The number of bachelors in tins colony is accounted for by tho' fact that there is , a great disparity on tho femnlo side in I 'tho numbers of the sexes. Shiploads of-' ladies ore wanted to bulnnco the totals. Richard Hughes, groom lo Dr. Hill, of Laihlitou, Tins been committed for | trial for riding over Kobert. Kemp_ nt | Newcastle in Octolicr last, nnd causing his death. Total bail, £1000. Sydney Fundi has perpetrated somo suggestions ou " the yellow agony." livery Chinese Jack is to have his Chinese Jill. He is to be taxed for his deficiencies in respect of citizenship, taxed 'for-using his tom-toms and such like musical instruments, and taxed for' engaging iv any trade, llesides this he is to acquire no freehold property, and to to provide so mnny cubic feet of space for every pagan soul iv his domicile. A petty larcenist, on his release from gaol nt Hay, gave a ball lo his 'principally larrikins, and .it went oil" wellrr-so report says. It is an awkward question, bu- here it is : " Why did the T. and C. Journal receive £27>0 for Government ndvts. from the Farncll learn, while the Sydney Mail only got _..' ?" " Will Honey comb," of the Dispatch, thinks this explains much puding-up in a certain quarter, but Will is a somewhat sus picious card-at times. At the Theatre lfoynl, Melbourne, MUs Ada Ward is a great success in the drama -of " Olivia's Dove," a. stage edition of Goldsmith's Vicar of Wake field, " She scored a triumph in the most trying scene, and the rest of her acting Is dosorjlicd as excellent. We have to tliaiik a Diithurst editor for tclliiig the world that abuse " stirs up a feeling.of opposivenrss" This is a now word unknown to Wubstor, mid has something to do with biliousness, no doubt. Now South Wales is the 11 th Stale iv tbe -world for revenue, and Australia is only lieatcn by four others as a pur chaser of English manufactures. Tho Four-Milo Creek (Maitland) ghost is not laid to rest yet. He doesn't enrb a Straw for firearms. Some more men have been frightened sick by " the apparition" from out the snw-pit. ? A tradesmen's Club has been the first result of a dinner of cowheel, tripe and onions at Dubbo. They liked the tripe iso well that they arc lo have a dinner overy month. Jlnt if flint's nil they are to have, undertakers and other tradesmen may look out for a good open ing iv Dubbo shortly. A porcupine in Sydney longs for spikes in his boots an inch long in order that lie may jump on tho body of every ' Chinaman' ill the country. Ho is one of the Sydney mob "orators not yet Captured for caging with other wild beasts. ? A <) ."P. in the interior has immortalised himself by giving the following lonst : ." Gentlemen, > I ask you to drink this toast in solemn silence—it is the health of onr resjiccted and dcceaHcd President, Mr. Brown." The dead man, .strangely enough; failed to respond. ' ? The Sydney police havo known what -hard work is since the- minmen's strike ponimenbcd, TJie|r. expnvrilnry di|jgci'cp Ims ?ot "ffljled to will them praisp : Sir Henry Parkes sent a parce] pf valuable books to the Dubbo Mechanics' Institute. Tho Dubbo folks note very kind to Sir Henry when ho visited them recently. Thomas Fleming's is. another namu added tothe list of. deaths through Inju dicious diving while bathing. Jt hap pened in flic baths nt Sydney. The poor fellow -struck his head on the hard bottom, became jiaralys-d, and died somo hours nlt'.T. Alderman O'Connor, of Sydney, is to l>e 'made light - for his seat. Samuel Dat-nlcy accuses him ql having forcibly and without authority slruek Mr. M'Coy's name gut of ft ballot-pnperj which' Durrilc'y was to liniuT'Jn."' The* co.se'ia t'duihig oii'iit the Siljircuic pliortlv, ?* ' " ? ?' There have been floods liear AVilcauiua almost as high as any that have been known for eight years. The'lntcnintional Exhibition is to be proceeded vigorously with by the re instated Farncll Government. The project hiis shown a sad. want of vigor hitherto. The reasons given by Sir John J"tobcrtson for retiring from public life aro regarded by many as unsatisfactory aiid insufficient. ' According to a reputed' -authority there are only about two and a' sixteenth rifles for every three volunteers through out the force. ? This looks as if the Government expected a large number of men to lull iv the first* engagement, whenever that may be, as then the unarmed men could be supplied without further expense. Fruit paragraphs aro travelling round. Ono snya there is a pear tree in Gar mouth, Scotland. 100 years old, 40 feet high, nnd 40 feet round. It clusters 200 pears together in places. Three years ago 28,000 pears were pulled from it, and this year they reckon they will linve 84,000. The story must be pared before being swallowed. " 11. It. C," whoever he may bo, has fun ml among the noes and pairs in the Into Land Hill division, six lessees or squatters, 13 kinsmen of runholdors'or squatters, and five squatters' agents or bank directors ; ? total,*._*-J. There is to lie a temporary bridge built nt Wagga, while the permanent one, 1j- mile long including approaches, is ' Iteing- erected. Jt is to be strong enough to carry a loaded train, and is ;expocted to bb nil immense convenience to tho public. The contractors' for the lnrger work pay a part of the expense. A Yokel up north got a money order for ii? certain party, nii'il-.kvpt it as a receipt for the money paid ; and then for two whole months he wondered why it had never been' received by the person to whom it was made payable. Viinch is savage because thero is a genuine work of nrtforsale, and the Xational Gallery buyers ate not likely to purchase it. Poor "Punch adds!, " Sydney, no doubt, will, as usnal, when there is a good work of art in tho market, simp it up." May Sydney ever hnvo such a character! Aplitt and Williams' ntco hns been again postponed lo noxt Saturday. A commission -iR f o lie appointed to carry out.the International Exhibition. 1 The new Public School nt Ijochinviir wns opened on Monday with great eclat. There was a picnic, a public luncheon, and a concert, besides much speechifying. The garrison corps has lieon bent from Melbourne, and distributed among seven interior towns, as a mark of respect lo the Kelly gang of ruffians. Life, a Sjdney weekly, has just died. Want.of support killed him. lie finishes his own obituary thus pnthcticnlly : " So we (.et our faces towards the Milking sun, and go out with the tide." Tho Australian J I bent, the Melbourne 15 by six wickets, Muuloch 152 in the 2nd innings. The nioonl'accs in Tamworth have been iv the middle of v row. Ono Celestial skull was fractured. '?'??'Several ?? European rowdies hay.c been arrested. G.??]{.. Dibbs has been dressing down Angus Cameron, M.P., whom he calls v pot-valiant, in the Echo. Thirty-four young bulls belonging to Mr. George Loiler. were recently im pounded by IJarelay, and released on payment of £.">0 damages. The full damages payable were .£l7O, nt the maximum penalty of £!> each. 