SPECIALITIES. AT a time when many Australians are enquir ing doubtingly into the utility of colonial Governors, and questioning the very raison d'ttre of the gubernatorial institution—when one of them, the most noted on this continent, has succeeded in persuading not a few that the only necessary qualifications for a representation of majesty are perfect digestion and a fair stock of fables and Latin quotations—it is pleasing to see a vice regal personage putting himself forward in the best of lights as the official adviser of youth. Morality, in the mouth of the Queen's deputy, receives a sanction more imposing than "imposi tions," and more fundamental than bircbings. Bui in his recent speech at the Grammar School our Governor has shown himself not only an ex cellent adviser, but a profound moral philosopher. We are aware that to many this will sound as rauoh like a term of contempt as if we had called him a polyhedron, or a parallelopiped. We use it, however, as a term of endearment, and as expressing our delighted appreciation of the excellence of his Excellency's insight into the subtleties of human nature. You may be sure he knew what he was about when he founded his address to the boys on the theory of their being " units," but suppressed the unit- theory altogether in orating to the girls. This was a master-stroke of negation. The vice-rogal (speaker knew how easy it was to get boys to realise themselves as units—(in fact, the little beggarß are always thinking of number one); but that it is beyond the power of oratory to get even the ugliest girl in creation to regard herself as other than the proper fraction of somebody else. You may be perfectly sure that, when she ceases to do so, Bhe is too octogenarian to be considered a girl at all. Perhaps we are wrong in representing her as even in her own estimation a fully equipped fraction. An isolated figure on the look-out for a denominator expresses, perhaps, more truly her, and onr, estimate of her position. Sometimes she proves too many for her denominator, and then we all know what a very improper fraction she can become. But we are getting too fast— like the fraction in question. Jievtnoa* A noire Vtceroi. From his assigning a unit value to the boys, and allowing nothing in the way of figure to the girls, an indiseriminating hearer might have inferred a slur upon the personal appear ance of the female pupils. But the profound meaning was, that the girls should regard them selves at present as mere ciphers, destine*, how ever, hereafter to give » tenfold value to the boys—if they get on the right side of them. Not lea admirable was the Governor in fore casting and contrasting their respective civic and home lives ; the boys as citizens, the girls as den-isens; the boys as voters, the girls as their votaries. All this, of course, is in the region of what ought to be ; but in real life, though a boy is certainly " one," evea illiterate street Arabs have been constrained to admit of a girl that " the is a one-er." " Fob thirty-two years tlpfaithjtul Hrnnt" of John Scott, ao rum the notice in the n«wap«per — and he naked hk lite twice to says hia master during the time. What• record of faithful service, dear Sir or Madam,.,who are ao continually lamenting to* want of good servants in thea« degenerate times) Tou wish to know where this paragon came from?—try to guess. An Irish boy, no doubt, a true warm-hearted son of the sod, with hia little weaknesses, but faithful till death? No! Then a leal Scot, eccentric in speech, quaint in manner—but true as steel ? Wrong again ! Well, a sturdy Briton, born in some corner of merry England, before the country lads and lasses had learned to regard faithful service as something beneath their dignity ? Still wrong Then it must have been some old plantation hand, cliugiag with dog-like fidelity to the ruined master, whose infant footsteps he had guided while yet a slave, in the good old times of Jamaica sugar estates. A lost guess: a shivering Hindoo, abject but faithful to an irritable but beloved tyrant ? All wrong, my dear madam; allow us to point you out the race that bred this miracle of fidelity. See that figure, with battered hat, greasy Bhirt, torn rags of trousers, shambling along yonder bye-street, pursued by a pelting crowd of young ragamuffins, who shriek with laughter as they extort from him some phrase of savage anger or drunken obscenity. That! why that's only a blackfellow ! Exactly so, madam. Let us call your attention to the notice. " Native of Can nally, Lower Murrumbidgee." That is the raw material from which this miracle of fidelity has been formed. And a very unpleasant material it is when raw. Given to spearing horses, and with a most decided taste for roti of Chinaman or white packer until tamed, and afterwards given to rum, petty larceny, obscenity, and everything disgusting. And yet there might be any num ber of possible Dicks among the dusky triben, who are quickly melting away under the gentle influences of Snider and rum. The raw material exists still in considerable quantity, and it is rather costly to get rid of; besides, those dis persals—well, we do not care to speak much about them. Could it not be utilised '! Is there no enterprising speculator ready to undertake this native industry ? We would for once adopt an item of the protectionist programme, and go bo far as to give a bonus to the manufacturer. So we are to have another Congress of Baden But of what different interest! Instead of de liberation!) for the disposal of a fair young way ward girl, whole territories are possibly to change their allegiance, and the map of Europe to bo re adjußted. Will the shade of Jack Belsize be there looking hopelessly from the dark street up at the light in my lord Dorkin's apartments, where the Lady Clara Pulleyn is pining for the dark beard and gentle voice of the proscribed guards man ? And little Barnes Newcome shall come •.wooing from the land of ghosts, and engage in acrimonious repartee with his rebellious sister Ethel, whom chivalrous Kew is taking from poor love-lorn Clive, who yearns for his dainty coußin with a great hunger of boyish despair. How many round this coming council board shall give a thought to that other Congress of Baden, of which old Lady Kew and her beautiful charge were the oentral figures ? And yet Buch is the enduring power of genius that two hundred year* hence the Congress of Fiction shall prob ably be more real to those remote descendants than the Congress of History. Who would now remember anything of the fight at Landen but that Corporal Trim here re ceived his wound in the knee? or of the siege of Namur, had not Uncle Toby been ' hit in the groin before the gat* of St. Nicholas, in one of the traverses of the trench opposite to the salient angle of the demi-bastion of St. Roche? To posterity, as to Widow Wadman, the only interest attaching to that fight at Namur is from the damage there done Captain Shandy. Who would remember much of Harry Hotspur's doings had not Falstaff told his prodigious lies about him on Shrewsbury field ( Fiotion has so far an advantage over fact that it never grows old. Has not Macauley told us how he was positively ashamed in the street of the tears that an down his cheeks at the bidding of am old ballad- maker who sang three thousand years ago ? The same obsolete old party—which his name is Homer, and bad scran to him—has often in days gone by caused a similar lacrymal demon stration on our part; and, though our anguish may have been more physical than mental, it is not the lesa astonishing that th« cause of it should have lived in such remote ages. Well, Bismarck and Co. probably imagine that people will think and talk about them in the centuries to come. Not at all 1 Unless, indeed, we should undertake an epic for our next Christmas number to immortalise their deliberations, put wisdom into their mouths, and, glossing over their petty meannesses and chicanery, cover all their doings with the glamor of song. In that case their names may be handed down as household words when new cities shall have arisen over their for gotten dust. Apropos of the Governor's speech at thedistri button of the Grammar School prices, we are tempted to notice » singular omission which is invariably made in the advjoe given to the young female student. The usual method of her counsellors on such state occasions is to hold up two pio^ures before her, in the one of Which eho figures as a schoolgirl, and in the other as a wife and a mother. Moreover, there is always asßumod a close connection between the two — tho one, in fact, being looked on as the fulfil ment of the promise contained in the other. But the girls know better. We venture to say that these pictures lose aU their moral influence on account of the exhibition befog1 incomplete. The transition from syntax to wifehood is too sadden, violeut, and unnatural to have any didactic value. The girls feel instinctively that there is something wanting. The middle picture—for there is really a triptyches kept carefully veiled. The moat interesting period of their i vee is never even touched upon,, and. it is the very period regarding which advice is most needed. To advise a boy to be ever guided in swopping marbles by the recollection of his dignity as a possible graedfathor, would be only an extension of the principle of support ing a girl through her irregular verhs with the view of future wifehood. There are degrees in all things, and the next degree to schoolgirl is— why should we blink it?—sweetheart. Why should not our girls be brought up to be good sweethearts ? No wonder so many of them turn out bad or indifferent wives, since they have had no direct training for the intermediate stage. Has a sweetheart no duties? Is she supposed to live in a fatuous Hades of irrespon sible bliss ? This pretended ignoring of the sweetheart stage is sheer weakness, and the girls know it, and wink to themselves with their mind's eye. Let there be an end of it. Let it be clearly and expressly understood that they are in training for sweethearts. Every means should be devised to render this truly secondary education complete. An amatory correspondence between the two departments of the school, conducted under the careful super vision of experienced masters and mistresses, might serve as an excellent preliminary ; and, indeed, as a very close approximation to the real thing. What harm could there be in it ? Here is the sort of thing we might expect; and surely the boy addressed would be enlightened by its teachings :—" Esteemed friend, under our kind Miss Girton, I have acquired much, and improved greatly, since I saw you last week. I have learned that true happinesß can only be looked for in unceasing industry devoted to a worthy end. We should endeavor to be friendly without officiousness, compliant without obsequiousness, and generous without ostentation. A too great desire for the approbation of our fellows tends to obscuro our moral faculties.—Your affectionate friend, Beatrice Jones. P.S.—That horrid old Girtou has just gone out for a minute, nnd has forgot to gum this down. All right, old boy. The station, at 4.30. Mum's the word.—Tbixy." A late item of mail news has set us thinking how interesting would be a minute and rcliablu history of any pile of brioks and mortar that hati known the rain and sunahine of centuries. Take this one, for instance, of whose story we know ouly tho barest outline. A few years before the Christian era, Agrippa built, or perhapß only commenced building, a sort of addition to some baths he had erected. Baths in those days were structures of which a Brisbanite, educated to the ftandard of South Brisbane or Alice-street Hwiinunng ditto, finds it difficult to form a con ception. Even the luxurious Turkish establish ment iv Albert-street helps one very little. The (liU'eitmcu is so vast that comparison with any thing existing is tw hopekdS us to oompuro tho sun uhining ixi tho noonday uuuvenu to a llaring tallow candle in a thud-rate chop-house. Lofty halls, crowded with exquisite gems of statuary on porphyry pedestals worth a king's ransom ; rippling fountains, tesselated marble pavements, and colonnades whose red granite columns had been brought from Egypt—these were the sort of fixings that composed the place where these old Roman BwelJß strolled about with a towel round their waists discoursing of everything under the sun. We have got beyond them per haps in one particular. There was as far as we know no trapeze off which they could flop into the invigorating fluid beneath, as in these days of higher civilisation. Athletics were, indeed, rather elbowed out by philosophy and costhetics. Nevertheless it would have been a pleasant lounge after office hours if one had lived 1800 yeans ago and could have understood all that was going on. Well, this calidarium of Agrippa'a was altogether such a superior sort of place that a wonderful portico, ever since pro nounced to be the greatest marvel of architecture in the world, was added to it, and its purpose diverted from the original one of cleanliness and argumentative sociability to the more Bolemn ceremonial of Pagan worship. It had had pro bably a longish run as a Pagan temple when a Pope spotted it as the very thing for a Christian place of worship.- Though when we stood there some yeare ago and looked up at the great round hole in the roof, and then at the pavement at our feet, green with the showers of ages, we doubted if it would have coincided with the notions of comfort of a St. John's or Wickham Terrace con gregation, and whether there would not have been fancy bazaars, conversaziones, and other ecclesiastical methods of raising the wind for the purpose of roofing in the hole, and letting windows into the walla. ■ However, Boniface IV. thought it would do, and asked and obtained permission of the Emperor Phocas to consecrate it as a church. This was in 608. For centuries thereafter it stood a prey to the spoiling hand of any pontiff who wanted a bit of bronze or marble for the decoration of some other basilica. But they could only peel off its skin, and the grand old walls, 20 feet thick, preserved their original form unchanged. Early in the sixteenth century, his great picture of the Transfiguration still wanting the completing touches, the greatest painter that ever used a maulstick was laid there to rest behind one of its altars. Only the other day (i.e., in 1833) it was thought neces sary, after a repose of 30 J years, to have him out again, to make sure that he was really there. There was no mistake about it. There he waß in his close-fitting shroud fastened with copper rings, his bones slowly mouldering on exposure, and a certain Academy of St. Luke that had long boasted possession of the skull of Raphael, and which bad been, moreover, a favorite subject of study with phrenologists, had to shut up shop, as there was no record of the deceased artist having possessed a pair of skulls. And now this consecrated bathhouse, having watched the daily life of the Eternal City from beforo our era, and seen Italy, after breaking up into a number of petty states, gradually knit itself to gether again under 6no sovereign, has received Job ashes into her bosom. If a history of the Pantheon for the übo of schools is wanted, we hope Mr. Graham will give us th« job. 