THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORNING, AUGUST 30, 1878. Tun s'ottlcmont of tho Main Line Railway quos tion is still a subject for futuro congratulation. Tile négociations draw tlioir slow longth along. One day all is couleur de me, somo. minor detail meroly waits adjustmont ; another day négocia- tions aro broken oil", all hope of an amicablo settlement is at an end the Deputation having changed their mind, for somohow thoBO hitches have always proceeded from the Deputation, and its each new position is a moro unreasonable domand ; and, anon, wo aro told not to despair the Deputation having shown an : inclination to bo moro moderate. And so on we go at this game, of battledore and shuttlecock which loaves us pretty "much whero wo wore when tho Deputation arrived hore nearly three, weeks »go. At the prcsont moinent.jiuluinu fivwi-whafc. tho PltBMi mt said m the Assembly ycBterday, hopo is in the ascendant, and Government aro not withouta prospect of a more modified arrange- ment than that foreshadowed iii the Phkmihu's »peech and notico of motion submitted on Wed- nesday. Wo confess that we aro not a whit moro sanguino of satisfactory settlement than we woro after wo first learned the uncompromising attitude the Deputation had takenup ; and the barometor will thus continuo to rise or fall as tho Dopu tationi find thoiv prospects oí manipulating tho Opposition brighton or fade. It seems to ho regarded as nothing better than troa son to question the motives and actions of the Opposition, and much virtuous indignation 'is'heapod on the 'devoted head -of IThe Mercury because wo have dared to use an argument placed in our hands by tho Company. Mr. Reiiiky yesterday, as on previous occasions, -with much warmth resented "-the insinuations and vile imputations" in which, ho says, wo have indulged against Itho Opposition ; but we ask the lion, leader of tho Opposition, is it fair to charge us with .originating, or even to hold us responsible for, aceusations'brought against ,tho party winch havo come to us from across the seas, all the ,way, iu fact,,from London, ilf we have warned the Opposition against sacrificing theintorestsof the Colony, .and. upholding tho conflicting in- terests of the Company ; if wo have asked the Oouatry io watch narrowly tho conduce of the Opposition, and to bo on its guard against that species of argument which a lato Victorian legis- lator spoko.of Mi nairn oil, but which the Chair- man of tho Board of Directors designates as the less euphonoous 'operation of iilacing salt on the tail« of lion. Members, who is to blame fop the, suspioi,ons tliat are prevalent? Certainly not The i Mccurui but tho Chairman of the Bonni, who i not only g'w the operation ^f liming lion. ; Members'" of tim Opposition a , name, but was at some pains jto instruct his hearers how, and whore the .salt jj'iis appjjei}, an tho ' local managor of tho Company had Vécu in thus securing Members of Parli.imbnl, Tho samo gontlomnn" who branded the Government of Tasmania as repudiates a»d defaulters, putting to shame the most impecunious and dishonest of South American States, was he who xrocjaimed before a meeting 0/ the.Tasmanian Main f.ino Railway Company, and, as ho said, "¡in prc3önco of the City of London," his belief that Members of tho Tasmanian Legislature^ wsre marketable I commodities, and had their prico which, and ¿ho modo of applying, might, ho said, bo safely left to Mr. Grout. It is of his indiscreet friends, not of us his" faithful Jiiontor, that Mr. Rcniuy should complftii). 1'or whatever suspicion of interested motivos attaches tp tho Opposition, lion. Members are indebted io jifr. SjfKWAiti), the Chairman of tho Board of Directors, flykoso language was as insulting to Monibeys of Parlia 'mont as it was intended to bo damaging to tho Colony. , But if hitherto the Opposition has been subjoct' to ifnjust suspicions arising out of tho Chair- man!» words, thoy now appear before us undor a now front. Wo had Mr. Rkiiiky's word for it yesterday tjiat.thay are patriots, puro and simple ¡ all for tlio State and. nono for party. Wo wish 'wo'could accept'Mr. Rmbby's language in its plain and simple moaning. But ho will oxcuso our saying that'he foil into a not uncommon fault with him. Ho protested over much, and whatever'confidonco we lind in his professions of affording Ministors an honest and generous support was pretty much wiped out by tho «tftfs flh'tily koon party language in which his Into coi* league, Mr. Cuowthek, indulged in tho Upper ChambeV. Tho manipulator of the Huon Tele- graph routo, and tho iniuipproprintor of money rötedfor rtmtlsjn one ijirpotion in Gould's Country for tlw construction of adiffciont lino of road in which he had a personal intou!»i, was yesterday, as ho has always been, tho undisguisod advocate of the Railway Company çg^n/st the Colony, and did nuioh . to couiuçi.ict any favourable impression > Mr. E«H)K.y might havo convoyed.*" If tho Opposition wons m public spirited as it is assoitivo, ae true as it is demon, «trative, «* talented ns it is intriguing it would stand highor in tho estimation of the pooplo than it now does, and Mr. Reiduy has it in Jim power to givo himself a placo in tho ranks of true 1 and loyal Tasmanians and good statesmen, if lie carry out loyally tho professions ho ytsuvdiiy 1 made. He certainly adopted a very curious moans of turning over a now loaf. As Mr. ' Douglas so aptly pointed nut, Mr. Ruiiikv was I personally responsible for imposing on Ministers Í the restriction which provontod thom from concluding airy doihuto arrangement with ^ tho Company not previously sanctioned by . Parliament ; and Qovevnuvrnt having thus acted j as'tliey have1 done With tho «¿¡yice, and at, ¡ tho request of tho Houso, Mr. RuiBKr was ( tho first to taunt thom with having acted 1 unconstitutionally ; and in order to enable him to prosa this presumed' advantage against the Ministry, Sir. Rcibky took up'the humiliating position- the language was Mr. Douglas's, not ours-of drawing a distinction, and holding les3 obligatory a promise given- at -once than if obtained after notice given. But whence the change that has como ovor the dream of the Opposition ? Tliey not only disclaim nil party or factious purposes ; thoy'not only repudiate having any loaning towards the Company as against the Colony ; Uley not only roliovo the Ministry of its pledge to make no final bargain with the Deputation not firat approved of by the Parliament ; they not only abandon their past inconsistencies, and repent ,of their having im- posed unconstitutional limitations on Ministers, out they urge Ministers to renew négociations with the Deputation, and in the exercise of their proper-'oxeoutivo' functions, to complete'n full and final settlement with the Company without seekingor permitting Parliamentary interference. To prevent the possibility of Buch interference the Opposition, unasked, thrust upon Ministers an adjournment ito ¡givoi.Governuient-time to undisturbedly conduct their négociations. The very gentleman who, as leader of the Opposition, was loud in his complaints against Ministors'fór seeking a too long adjournment, and considered a few days sufficient for negociating with tho Deputation, has, after an interval of three weeks, said to Ministers, wo have hurried you too much, pray tako more timo. Ministers have aocopted tho boon, and wo think_ unfairly to country Members, for the négociations with the Deputa tation must bo now so narrowed as not to require much tinjp, and ithere aro accumulating, arrears of business of which o-good doal;might have boen wiped oil'yesterday and to-day. But tho adjourn nient was not sought by Ministers, i It, wus forced on them by the Opposition, wl|o said, make ubo of the interval, act on your own judg- ment. We desire to soo, n settlement arrived | at. Complete it, wo will accept whatever you arrange, but will hold you responsible, Aye there's the rub. According to the engage- | ment exacted by1 Mr. Reibet; and given by Mr. GiiiLiN, .the .responsibility -would luivoi been with tho Parliament, and Ministers might,, in order to obtain a settlement, have gót'even the support of some Members'of the, Opposition. It ,is moro easy , to find fault than to advise. A' settlement once completed, what easier t1)an toi ,prove its,,unreasonableness ; and it will bo a< reasonable arrangement indood if Mr» Reiuey! cannot pickaholoin it ; and,once conipletod.tliero' is tho chance of Mombersonboth sides the House dissenting. Do wo do the leader of the Oppo-i sition injustico.if wo ask did lie see looming in the future a voto of want of confidence in Ministcis, as the result of leaving them unhamporod' in dealing with the Deputation ? Perhaps not. Perhaps a settlement of tho question, if finali and fair, might bo not tho less rolisliablo.if, as the reward of their efforts, they who make it aro ejected from'office. We shall not pry too curi- ously into motives. Wo thall accept with thank- fulness a final and equitable arrangement. We would oven conoodo something to obtain it, and if Mr. Reibby gives Mii|istors that generous and fair support which he promises, ho will pise vory mucli in publie estimation,'and his'accession to office at no distant time would > not bo regarded as that unmixed ovil which tho great bulk of the thinking people now regard such a contingency. The Legislative Council.-The Council' sat at the usual hour yesterday. Mr. Cameron presented three petitions in favour of tho proposed Presby- terian Bill. The Colonial Secretary brought up the congratulatory address to Her Majesty upon the peaceful issue of tho European Congress, which had been prepared by the committee, and it was ordered to bo transmitted to His Excellency the Governor for transmission of the Queen. Mr. Chapman, pursuant to notice, moved for the appointment of a Select Committee to enquire into all the eiroum stances connected with the Main Line Railway, ex- plaining that he did so in order that the proposed investigation might enable Parliament to hotter preserve tho interests of the colony in tho'rail- way difficulty, nudi do justice to the company. A rather long and animated dobato ensued upon the question, but little now was added to'tho volumes of spoeohos »liich havo been uttoi'od upon the somewhat tliieadbtu'o subject of tjio railway. At ten minutes to oight o'clock Mr. Chapman moved the adjournment of the debate tiJI next day .it four o'clock, iu order that neither tho'Govern- ment nor tho company might bo embarrassed. Tim Bankers' Law Amendment Bill was passed thiough its remaining stages, and tile House then adjourned till four o'clock this afternoon. , House or Assembly.-Yesterday, sevoral.'od.' ditional petitions in favour of tho Presbyterian -Churflh_Bill_xyopo, nrcsciited by.diffcrent mpmlmj». namely, tho Minister of Lands, from Bothwell; the Colonial Treasurer, from Circular Hoad ; the Attorney-General, fronj Glenorchy, and Mr. Lamb from Claienco. Mr. Dooley presented tho petition from Brandy Creek in at) amended fqrm, ' praying for au alteration in the Gold Mining Act of 1870. Notices of motion wero given! by Mr. Balfe and Mr. Lamb. The correspondence and documents, respecting tho disputo between the Groat Western and Corinna Tin Mining Companies, and the seizmo of 34 bags of tin by tho Government, and their transference fioin private to Government stores, weie.laid on the table, by the Minister of Lands and Woiks. The Colonial Treasurer having intimated that he did not intend' to'proceed with his motion respecting ' the négocia- tions with the Main Line Railway Company that' evening, Mr. Rciboy moved the adjournment of the House "till Tuesday, to afton! Ministers au oppor- tunity of carrying on the négociations, and, if possible, coming to a final settlement with,the company. He st»ted that the Opposition wore desirous of rolioving the Government from the { »remise given before the recess that they would not lind the colony to any termB, without obtaining the pievious sanction of Parliament, leaving tho, Executivo to settle the question, subject to their responsibility to Parliament. After some discussion tho motion for adjournment was earned, and the House rose at 4'09, to meet again on Tyetday at 4 o'clock.' . ( Isti'oim AKD Exporta.-The value of the imports last month was '£83,479, which is a decrease on the corresponding mouth lost year of £5,958. The total value for the seven mouths, however, shows an increase over tho same period of 1877 of £2,GG2. The exports for last month wero of the value of £07,631, au in'piev>s.o over July List year of £8,303. ,The total value for the seyp)i mouths of this year is, however, less by £77,595 than for trio corresponding period of 1877. ' ' ' ' 'The GüyEiuj, HosrrrAL.-On the 28th instant His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by the Hon. Dr. Agnew and Colonel St. Hill, inspected the General Hospftal at Hobart Town. They wore shown over the building by Dr. Smart, thoßluüfinan of tho Board. His Excellency evinced the greatfiet interest in the recent improvements which havo been cariicif out, and ex-pressed himself as much plpaqqd with the "onoral manner in which tho insti- tution is being worked. At tho conclusion of the inspection His Excellency was pleased to mako tho following record in the Vjaitors Book :-"I have been very much pleased w#h my vjsjt ,tp tho Hos- pital and quarters to-day. 1 had nql iusnected. the Hospital for some time previously, and I am inu,çh impressed with the great improvement that I havo witnessed. Much requires yet to bo done in order to "substitute buildings njoro in accordance with modern requirements for the oidor parts of the Hos- pital» butypvcji there overythine possible is domi to preserve neatueas and oidor. '_ I think much credit is due to those (¡ouopiiipd ju the management. (Signed) Fred. A. Weld, Qoyorhorflf Tasmania." Col. Groy, Mr. Davison, Drs. Agnew and Butler, Mr.' (¡«OQVgo jirowno, the Secretary of the Club, and' I other goutleinou, who wore received by Sir J. M. Wilson, and jiartook of a dejenner laid out for the occasion. . "» ' '' ' ' Volunteer Aci'W/W £v?n.-rWo baye boen requested to state that the thieo concerts, and the ball, held in aid of the baud fuiwî; haye yiejtled th'o¡, sum of £88 Ss. 3d. Tho first two oondeits uettod £34 ; the third £11 4s. 3d. ; and tho ball £23 Is, 2d. Those amounts have been handed to Major Lowis, tho treasuior of tho fund, to reduce the liability incurred in seeming the sorvioos of Herr Schott, tho bandmaster, and tho purehaso of instruments The' result of the entertainment is, wo beliovo, highly gratifving to all concerned. PitESESTA'iiox. - Yesterday tho masters and pupils of the Collegiate School prosonted Mrs. ireland willi a haudsomo pieco of plate, co.isistjjig of a silver card-basket Slid butter cooler, accompa- nied by a beautifully-printed addi ess, expressive of the high esteem in wlijoh they bold tfiat lady, and i of their appicciation of the gi oat mtprcst sflo con- stantly manifested in their process, and hortender concern for tlioir wclfaic. Mr. ¡Stump,, tho second master, in tho iiamo and on hohalf of tho donors, read tho address, and presented the gifts to Mis. Ireland, who, iu acknowledging the very agree ablo. but groat, surprise they had given her on this anniversary of her birthday, assured thom of tho dppp interest she na'uHly felt in all tho pupils attendît'« «io sohool,W.liow ca that thoy would provo a «edit to their tea« him, an honour to their paren«, and a powoiful luöuciico for food in whatever cinnufiniy their futuro lot should bo cast. Tho pleasing cciVwwy Êprminated with deafening oheors for Mr. aud Mrs.. iic|and, and tho mastois of tho Behool. BrNr.voi.KN r Soc.iErV.~Thc mual weekly meeting of «us Executive Committoo was hold yesterday i afternoon.' W,%3 wore pi osent : Dr. Hall (m tho ohwrHiewï ?&. A- Whw' ^.thrington and I Witt'. Tho minutos of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Tho Rcgiátíar roporwd that the cases relieved during thö week Were C2, dom «rising 139 individuals, who received 47 full and 6 Llf rotions. The report» from tho Invalid Depots showed as follows :-Brickfields, nil i Gaséate, 8 l diBobarged ; Now Town, 1. Seven fresh application« I were considered, and all tho applicants relieved, Sm Gkorge Bowen.-The Telegraph says : "His Excellency Sir George Bowen haB accc|>tcd the Governorship of the Island of Mauritius, and will, we understand, leave Victoria by the 'Novem- ber mail, or at latest by that of December. We believe that the next Governor of Victoria will be either Sir Hercules Robinson or the Marquis of . Normanby. It has, however, been stated, on good authority, that Sir Hercules has aheady declined the honour of coming to Victoria. Tho present statesmanlike Governor of New Zealand is there- fore likely to be Sir George Bowen's successor.", Tho Age does not deny that Sir George Bowen has boen appointed to Mauritius, but says theio is uo foundation lor the i sports that he y, ill leave for that colony in a Bhort period,' as the term for which th¿ present Governor "of Mauritius, Sir Arthur 'Purves Phayer, was appointed, does not even expire ' until the eiid of four months from this date." ' ,; " " Theatre Royal.-Kerry and Arrah-Na-Pogue weie reproduced last night to a moderately good house. Air. Wheatleigh was again very successful in his impersonations, and he was nell supported by the other members of the company, f Tho same pieces will be played to-night. ' -, ,,ij Tun Ghost.-This entertainment was repeated at the Town Hall last evening before a good house, The audience frequently testified their ^appreciation of the exhibition. ; (, , EsTr.ni'AiNMESr at GLE\onchr.--Last' evening tho members of the Now Town Association gave au entertainment at Glenorchy, in connection with St. Paul's Association. There was a good attendance, and the Rov. G. Gruncell presided. The first part of the evening was occupied ivith vocal and instru- mental music,1 which gave goueral satisfaction. The feature of this portion of the entertainment was tho pianoforte playing of Master Bellette, a boy of about nine years of 'age, who _ acquitted himself admirably. He '- playad with great confidence and much tasto, and, considering that he has only been learning for a comparatively short period, he gave unmistakable evidence of the possession of musical abilities of a high order. The latter pait of the entertainment consisted of the reading of the play Bachelor of Arts, by members of the Now Town Association, At the- conclusion, the Chairman mqved a voto of thanks tp'those who had rendered assistance, which was duly'acknow lodged, ' t )ij . i-i 1 Gi.Etfqrtmry Por,ioE CoimT.-The 'Wurden Mr., William Murray sat at thU-'Oonrt yesterday'and disposed of ¿two charges qf 4ujtiirbingi>the pcaoe. Tho.defendants wero l'oter and Xlathenue, Connolly man and wifo. The formor waa fined 10s. or 14 days'i imprisonment and the latter. 5b.,or 7. days' ¡ .imprisonment.- . t . ,.-!! o < , T4ä^£iiANCE.--Thero was, a^ratker numorons atjteudanoo at the weekly mooting of tho Tempérance j Allianco last evening, Mp, Grouch presided, and addresses were deliyered hy Mr. Hay of Southport, and Capt. Fisher, and the proceedings"were varied, by miuio, the lion, sççretaiy making Iris (/t'iwiWa violinist. Intercolonial Files.-By tho s. u. Mangana, which airived at Launceston on Wednesday from' Melbourne, we 'have received files of Victorian papers fjqm August 23 to,27 j New South Wales, from August 20 to 2);"'South Australia, 'from August 21 to 24 ; Queensland, frqii) August 19 to 21 ; New Zealand, from August 3 to 14,"'''i ' Spouting,-Owners of eligible sires will remem ber that nominations for the SireB Produce Stakes,' rcoeutly established by tlio Tasmanian Racing Club, must bo sent in on or bofaro Monday next. These1 races are very popular in the other colonies, and it is to be hoped they will be well patronised here. | We may also remind owners and trainers that nomi-| nations for the Hunt Club Cup, Hurdle Race, and' Steeplechase, to bo ron nt Bothwell on 30th October, must be in the hands of the hon. secretory not later than Thursday, íjtb September. . À The Dui'LHjAT-e Gaule.-Tho Argus states that' Colonel Glover has intimated to the Government that he has received a telegram ftqm tl)o inauagor of the Eastern Extension Telegraph , Company, ' dcoliiiiiig to accede to the terms of the proposed contract fqr a «nCRiul cable. ' The(compauy object, to the turms of purchaso as unfavourable, and theyj object also to Press combination. Exception to the latter arrangement js taken, it is said, by (¡he com X>ai)ics with whom the Eastern Company lias a joint purse. A subsequent message has boen received froin.the chairman of the company, \yhioh is scarcely i so decided in its tone as tliq (¡rsl coiniumiiaation, | and Colonel Glover ¡3 not without hopes qf being able ultimately to effect some arrangement.' ' ' Thkeai'enixii A GovBBKon.-On Monday a young man of solemn appearance called at Govern-' mont House (says tho Aye) and produced a largo envelope directed to His Excellency from lils pocket, i This ho requested should be handed to Sir Georgo Bowen, and then departed. No suspicion at this time was entertained that Hie man was a lunatic, but His EveclU'Doy on oponing the letter was very soqn »ppiiscdof that foot, The document was a most extraprdinary ope, tho w riler setting forfh that he was hoir to tim crown of England, and ho intended to havo it. A'tqr informing His Excellency that it was a mere nothing in tills colony, ho' stated that he would call again on the following day, when ho would expect him to deliver to him the throne -<«.# TlngltvnUf Wl» it iltja woro not donn tlicro -wuuld bo bloodshed. Over tim word bloodshed a dagger was drawn, and His Excellency bdingi seized with the idea that it was not another Cromwell,. but a madman that be had to deal ,witli, at once sent the letter to the Chief Commissioner of Police, "with a rco'oinmondation that the writer who signed himself. Russell John de Courcy Fitzgerald, should be placed ' under guryei)lanqe, A' warrant wns Boon afterwards obtained for the arrest of tfitBgerald on a charge of lunacy, and during the afternoojv-itlfO.aspiraiTt to the crow«! pf longland was arrested at his lodgings in ]i'it?.roy. Jip was induced to accompquy, the arresting ofl'.cors to the lock-up on the representa- tion that the crow« of England, would fit once be presented him. At the lock-up'he oondu'otod jjim sclf quietly, and said iu reply to the usual formal questions that he was twouty-sovon years of »gPi and waB a bootmaker.1 ' ' . '*' <.'.>? '. I Tasmanian Trout Ova.-Prom tiie'iSter we learn that two thousand brown trout ova, imported from the salmon commissioners of Tasmania to the order of tim Accliinatisation Society of Ballarat, arrived on Priday night, ajid Wcre unpacked at the Wend- ouree malt-house on Saturday. ' Mr. Alex. White, who has chargo of tho ova, has arranged ¿li needful hatching appliances, and has a strong stream of cool water at hand. Owing to the rather advanced stago of the cjjjjs, and to the fact that during tho journey from Hobart Town the ice covering the .moss beds jil the boxes containing the ova, tgave out, tha con- signment did not arrive in such good order as, has been tho case in past years. J About 10 per'conti of dead and faulty eggs were found when the boxes wcie opened, whilp hitíiertc^ y¡c do not remember the death rat«1 to haye been inoic ¡.¡ian gi per cent, in transit. Up to Sunday night all w?9 g°!nS °" well at the hutching liosos [ the temperature of Hie water flowing over the eggs was_5J dog, ísuificiontly cool for the purpose), and the interesting process of incubation was proceeding satisfactorily. It is likely that Mr. White will havo young trout out of the eggs before the week closes. .,*? , y. , Tasmanian AjjoiuoiNts.-In a review of Mr. R. Brough Smyth's nook on aborigines the Age Bays : The work concludes with im account of the Aborigines qf Tasmania, lu their physical and men- tal pharaptar these aro said to differ very little from the natives of tho continent. The chief difference is in tho hair, In the Tasmanian jt was woojly. In addition to this our author states that the Tasma- nian native had a certain resemblance tu the negro, whilo tho Australian not seldom has an European cast of features. Their habits, customs, marriage ceremonies and mode of living greatly resembled th,e natives of the continent. Tho weapons used by tt)e ^asmanians wero few, and of rude construction. It is'doubtful if they ovor had any except spears, sticks and stono nxea. 4t ia certain they did not possess tho boomerang. The Tasmanian» bad a distinct language of their own. Their mental capacity seems to have been extremely limited. Judging from their language, they had no power of generalisation. For every kind of gum or wattle tree, for instance, they had a distinct name, but no word to represent "tree"in the abstract ; neither, ¿dull ")oy' expiess absíraóí 'Qualities such as hard, I and soft, wann and cold ; for "haid.'1 they would, say i "like a atone,'* for fftfUV tkoy w.quld say " long logs," for " round" they woi)14 gay ." ljke a1 ball," "like the moon," and so forth. From all 'this it is evident that as a race the Tasmanians wore inferior to the natives of Australia. , Seizing A Port.-The following from the Samoan Times, explanatory of a recent telegram from Syd- ney :- "The Taimua and Fuipule having refused to fulfil, or to state a time when they would fulfil, article 4 of agreement, or rather a distinct promise, made on the 3rd of July 1877, guaranting partly the neutrality of Apia and its vicinity during the last war, and partly guaranteeing full and perfectt equality of rights to the Imperial German Govern- ment, the German ship of war Ariadne proceeded to Saluafata for the purpose of attaching that harbor and vicinity as security for the faithful fulfilment of the said obligation by the Taimua and Faipule,, or until further orders are received from the Gorman Government. The Ariadne left Apia on the after- noon of the 15th and arrived at Saluafata and on the following morning proclaimed the attachment of Saluafata for the above-named reasons. She left there about noon, and proceeded to Falealili, arri- ving there the same evening, and on the morning of tho 17th that harbor was attached in the same manner as Saluafata, and for the same object." The Hon. W. J. Olaukk.-'J'bq tiflbjohqiiqu^so lately and rapidly conferred on the Hon. W. .1. Clarke, M. L. 0. have given moro geneial satisfaction to this community (w i i tea tho Melbourno correspondent of tho Star) that any previous similar recognition of jjqraciial wealth. Within a few days he was elected ynojipotcd a inamhor of the Upper Houso, choson as Piésidéntof the Committee ni rhp proposed Exhi- bition to tako placo in' 1880, and' made' one e,f tho i'jco.^rcsiilonts of tho Melbourno Cricket Club. Al) i'licsp anpointnionts givo satisfáotion to not ¿lily his mñiiorouf ffienijls, "put Jo fijo general public. His connection with thft tutl and tliq le'^bjf idpp eiiduir lum to all lovers ot spoiling, whilst Ins libeiallty a»* landlord has mado his narnu rospeulud throughout the colony. " Jt Colonel-goes on drinking as ho does now ha'll' saan apt have a coat to his back," said ano friend to ¿nothçV. ',' Nor to h'iB stomaoh either," remarked a'physician #ho wp£.f Undina ne1r' i. > TheObdehof the DAY.-^he ImptrWCrowii| I of Indi» for J*djes< I New Route to Austkalia.-The British Trade Journal says a new route to Australia is proposed by Mr. J. Glyn, of Leghorn, -which is rather startling iu its boldness. It includes a tunnel between Gibraltar and Couta ; a continuous line of railway tlnougli Central Africa from Morocco to Port Natal ; the linking together of the railways of the several Auslialiau colonies, uniting Perth with Adelaide, Melbourne and Sydney ; and with a luanch lino of railway from the coa it opposite Aden, bringing Uomhav, Madras, and Calcutta into communi- cation." Tin: Mr."SRS. Archer.-According lo the Long- ford correspondent of tho Era- miner, Mr. 'J'. 0. Ai cher, of Woolmer), who met with an accidenta few days since thiongh being thrown from his hqrse, ,Í3-,prq3ies3Íu« f.ivpmably. j Mr. tAlfred Archer, of Palmerston, who'left for England'by the March mail steamer in company with his brother, has i eturiicd to the colony via Melbourne ,by the Lusitania. During Mr. Arohet's flvo months' absence ' ho has visited England, Paris, and other places on the continent. Air. W. II. D, Archet is expected back-in the early part of tho new year. ! '.Ho\xiKa'lELTOint.E Swains.-The'Z?«i'fta;o Iñdt Rendent of the' '23rd says :-Three young ladles advertised in' yesteiday's issuo their haukciiiigs towards tho matrimonial stito. They did not wish ovidcntly io' bo troubled with the writing of letters, bo used printer's ink, lequeslhig that three eligible swains?'might meet them at sonie convenient spot. The Post-office and S o'clock last evening was the place and time «selected. , Wo suppose tho young women had a look at the PoBt-oihce duiing the evening, i If they did their surprise iiuisfc have been something horrible, for Ijnjng the footpath on each side of the road was, instead ,of three, not less than 300 ! Some* wore' married, a great many were bachelois, aqd.the halt, the lame, etc.-wo were just going to write, the blind-had como out to see what was going "on. Any trio of young ladies passing up View point la3t night wore most spveroly scrutinised, as such a group naturally lod to the suspicion that' " that was them." It was too much of a good thing evidently, for the young advertisers bud not the courage to go among tho ero» d, and pick out three young gentlemen. People passing, unaware of what had oauaed'thp gathering, were surprised in no small degree at the large muster. A Voracious Tíny Tim.-The London corres- pondent of the S. A. Jiegisler says that at Uno Royal General Tbeatiical Fund dinnnr Mr. J. L. Toólo, the weUtknown qqtnr, related, tim following story ;- Twputy years .ago, when a. ¡Iraniatio versioit of Dickeiis's "'' Onristnias Carol " was running at the Adelphi, Mr. Wobster, ' the lesseo and manager, made it-a great point that Bob Cratchitb's Christmas dinner, which .formed au important scene, should always) consist of a real roast goose, properly stuffed and supported, and a-hai;a\jlde plum pudding-a rqlo which gaye ( great satisfaction to,the children engaged to represent the poor clerk's numerous family, and whose ". business '''-was limited to doing justice to the savoury food sot boforo them, while Mr. TooIq, who, in tlio'oapaaity of Bob Oratohitt, presided flvor the feast, was wont to take plpasurc 'ih.'disponsing liberal servings' to' the hungry group. The Tiny Tim" of tho piece, in accordance with "thVstagc directions had to dine seated in a low chair 'by the fireside, and was played by a small palo girl (tho diughtgr qf a sgoiie,sl(ifter) whoso delicate appearance was woll suited to her pathetic nile, but who first astonished and then somewhat disgusted Mr. Toole by tlic extrême rapacity of her appetite, Seeing how very hungry 8.hc seemed to h@ lm helped her rnorcaud moro bquntlnilly j hut the biggest plate fuis wore oleared with tho same celerity that more moderate supplies had disappeared, and at length Mr. Toole expressed to Mrs. Alfred Mellon, who .Was aotiug Mrs. Cratchitt, his regret that a prom- ising child of refined looks should exhibit ¡¡uc.li signs of greediness. Mrs. Mellon laughed, but tho result was that Tiny Tim was watched, .and certain shuffling sounds and movements being detected proceeding from her corner, which wero not set ¡tlqwn (ii her part, slip W13 put on to tho question 'at the close of tho act. Then with rmieh fo.u- and trembling, and sustained by premises of forgiveness if she would tell the truth, she confessed that her little brother and sister caine overy evening, and tl|3( it was her habit after the dinner was helped rgund and attention directed to tho talk of the sceno to" slide the greater portion behind tho sham'fire- place besido which slie sat, into their hands, so tlmt they regularly had a good supper, while- though she said nothing about that-she fared scantily, notwithstanding lior supppscd vorqolty. Tin: PitQNQan,\pif.-If Mr. Edison carries out all his threats (says tho writer of Scientific Gossip in tho Leiuler) thelovors of poaoe and quietness will have a bad timo, , The speaking doll, of tho future will'deliver long-winded speeches, or will rehoarse from end to ond the mystery of Punch and Judy. The Noah's Ark will be filled with animals that can roar, bellow, bray, neigh, croak, bark, squeak, bleat and grunt. Toy soldiers will fire fusillades ; wooden guns will give the genuine roar of a paik of artillery.. Tin locomotives will rush and whistle and whirr. Pictures of thunderstorms will burl forth the veritable bolts pf Jove. Imitation barrel organs will grind out all the popular airs, of nqt only the day. but pf all time ; and, what may bp -wornt of all,' «ill glvu na imitations, moreórlqss unlike the reality, of oporatio favourites. Meroy on .'US | .'all , these 'inflictions must sunny be sent as a punishment for our sins, lint thora is a.ray of hope. -Mr. 'Edison tolls us that he "is now perfecting the instrument in mechanical details." fie is not yet ready for his attack on our ?peace of mind, and wo may livo unmolested for a 'littlelonger.- It is a pity that Mr. Edison should protest too much. The value-of his exceedingly clever invention would be better appreciated if ho did not plain) for it what it has not yet done as well «a What it'has accomplished. Ho is wisply directing his attention to what should be' the mögt acceptable achievement; of tho phonograph--an improvement in letter-writing, but he lias not yet practically ron. dared lils instrument available for tl)P purpose, and it }s ití)b'i»s¡noss-}jko to plajin credit for' what is qnly projected. .Ile naya.tlmt ''books would often bo listened to whero nono are read,"' and a gushing ad, mirer of his intention to supply us with such books exclaims " What iwould'not ona give to, have the Christmas Carol bottled up for.ever in Dickens'B own voice to bo turned out at pleasure !" .. , 