MELBOURNE GOSSir. (FROM AN* OCCASIONAL CORRKSPOtfDENT.) The allopaths say the homcuopaths killed Judge Follows,' ami a very pretty quarrel i.s on the tapis. It seems that after Mr! Fellows had expressed the utmoat eoulideucc in Dr. Wool dridge and the other allopaths attending him, some of his relatives continued to ply him with the virtues of the homoeopaths, and the judge, who did not feel c)ualilicd to give an indepen dent opinion, yielded. Never change horses while crossing the stream is an old maxim. Tho treatment was changed. However, thoro is every reason to believo that the judge Cauld never have been brought round nnder any doctors. The shock, nevertheless, is tho more severe, because the honitvopathic world had been in rejoicing over the bulletins stating that his Honor was better. It is a pity that doctors cannot agree, eveii in the modes of killing or curing. The homoeopaths allogo that, but for tho services of Drs. Uunst and Teague, death would have supervened a number of days before. Gunst is the leading homwopath, and eohl water man, which is his specialty. Teague is comparatively younir, but drives his carriage too, and has a brother who is an allopathic doctor, so that there is often a confusion of Toagues, but tlioy are great friends. Dr. Wool dridgc is tho South Yarra favorite, and has been greatly piqued by the loss of this c»ao, to which he gave the most entire devotion. Sir William Stawell and Dean Macartney arc furious homa'o patli3, and it is popularly supposed that they cxcreised an influeneo, , Fellows has distinctly last money by taking the judgeship. He viewed this appointment in the light of giving a certainty for his declining years, but he was making juet double the money at tho bar, and there was nothing to have stopped him from doing so up to his last ill ness. Lawyers say the judgeship, as it turned out, was a loss of £30,000 to his family. Surely O'Loghlen will never have tho impu dence to put up as judge. There would be one outburst of derision from the bar. Yet what can be the game of this burly knight is playing, in staying here, while County Clare wails pathetically the absonco of her House of Com mons representative ? I beliovo ho has a notion, just a notion, of throwing in his caubeen for the judgeship. His Honor Sir Bryan O'Loghlen— ahem! He lias not a single judicial quality in him. Higinbotham is tho man for judge, but he still retains nn idea of going into politics, when everybody and everything shall have become otherialiscd. Ilia brother Tom, and other friends, with tho whole strength of his family, will be at him to turn him from his resolve, nnd make him tako tho judgeship, if offered; and certainly Berry cannot do less. Let us all urgo npon tho honorable George to. mount the bench, tor really we have no ono else, unless Michic bo summoned from tho Agent-General ship ill London for this prize of his ambition. Another judge we must have, for Stephen will never be fit for hard work again. Billing is mentioned casually for the office. He is an honorable veteran, but lacks the judicial faculty, being a born pleader. Fellows, on tho other hand, wasj by nature, a common law judge, and never would urgue a bad point. Boyond iligin botham, Michic, and Billing we can think of no man remotely eligible. Kerferd iias been Attornoy-Gcnoral, but docs not pretend to be quite a iirat-class lawyer, and it is wonderful how he got so far without early training. First I go to a Conservative, and ho Bays tlio Liberal electors in West Molbourne are frauds, and dead men. Then I go to my Liberal, and ho says the Conservatives are bogus voters. Putting this and that together, I arrive at the conclusion that West Molbourne is a dolcctablo place. You must understand that thero is a solid body of merchants and other commoreial men in West Melbourne, but thero appears to bo a very slender rcspcctable middle class. About half the voters arc Bliady people, and I will not say they are all on one side. The wharf lumpers number about 500, and distinct evideneo is mentioned that they have been bribed by both parties in tko past, I will say within the past quarter of a century, not to be too invidious. They say a man got appointed a postmastor once for rolling np some hundreds of theso good men, buying votes for thorn, and shorclling them in wholesale. Perhaps an elec tion depended on.that. So one side tails me. The other part}' recriminate by saying that, at •ill events, they don't poll dead men by ucore?. If any place ought to bo robbed of manhood suffrage, it is West Melbourne; it demoralises both parties. A large number of tho clcators thero have no moral right to vote on any hypothesis, for a pint of two ales is their equiva lent for the highest privilege of man, viz., to put in electoral scrip. Nor am I writing here in a partisan spirit. I would not dare to write the district of West Melbourne in the same category with Sandhurst or Ballarat, place3 whore, at all evonts, the voters are men of inde pendence. The ghost does not walk on election days, either. 