OUR AMATEUR THlllATRICAriS AT BOOLONU. He jests at sears who neoerfelt a woimd — Romeo. One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Gross, of Booloug, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, was when he made his first and only appearance as | in actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at"his own house in Booloug, He, for som3 unkno vn reason, nad conceived that he was bo "u to be an actor— to tread the boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it was, looiisn noaon, soon icnocicea o ic or nis ueaci alter uis peculiar dehut. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to "take the bull by the horns" and got up a company of his own down at his place at Booloug. He went to enormous expense in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to- do the thing well and in tip-';op style. He got together a kind of scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am bitious amateurs, eager . "to fret their hour ; upon the stage," and one or two see ly outcasts of the profession; and he looked forward to the pro luction of his/pet pla'-, " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a month's constant rehearsal, were iiretty perfect in their words before the curtain went up, bnt.after it did most of them forgot them. . .-The scenery hitclied ; the Ghost -' intoxicated, and the King likewise ; OpheVm, an amateur, burst into a nervous -Jit of tears before she said a dozen lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this was not -the worst,, for Banbury found that/ when the bills came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, and he could not meet them. . " The feilojvs," he used to say, " allowed me to have whatever I waiited on credit,- because they knew that my rich- uncle in Adelaide, a strict. Method ist, would pay them, but. l knew very well, he would do no such thing when- he-found they were; for theatrical trap pings, for if there, was one, thing he held in/ abhorrence it was the theatre." ' What was he to do ?. rllis uncle would disinherit him, turn him out of the house he had furnished for him, and scud him adrift on the >yqrld. !( Wkat was he to do ? His creditors would -not wait and he would.be a miserable pauper. But for all this, he. did not lose his house, and his poor uhcle's fortune is iu 'the bank, -in his name, thanks to the tiinely.aid-of one.vy/io 'is- a friend to the drama as. well as to the rest who advanced him the needful. Need, we say his, name. (No ; all know him 1 But we may as well remark it was thdehamyion of the distressed, - DAVlD HENRYvof 52 Oollins-streeteasti. Who has from £5 to £10,000, to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with or without -security), salary, .'orders,' life:, policies, 'certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, on e'xpected remittances,- or on moneys per sons may be. entitled to from England axid elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the eoiivenienee of borrowers. ' - Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and I mortgages from 6 per cent. 