ZIGZAG PAPERS. "Yes, write as you like, for I do not care what your opinions are, but you must respect the laws of decency and of libel."— Ed. Star. "Right, O wise man. I will be reverent of the laws."—Z. Let us thank the gods that the old-school Govern- ment is gone, that terrible negative of imagination and beauty which begat all over the country those hideous structures, examples of which remain here in the old Treasury, and Warden’s Court- house. We see the new school in the new police barracks in Ballarat East, whose less ambitious pre- cursor was the new home built for the Western police some years ago. We see the new school, too, in the State schools which ornament the landscape every- where, things of light and color and variety, things which, take whatever political view you may, Sir, of the education question, will remain a credit to the democratic energy of the colony. I wish they all had good sites for the better display of their sightly masses of walls, arches, gables, roofs, and towers, and cannot help regretting that such buildings as the Central and Soldiers Hill schools have such low positions. The Soldiers Hill school pleases me more than the Central. I like its pointed arches, its variety of outline, those darts of white color, the arrow-heads of white brick in the angles, that look like the signatures of the kings of Nineveh on the clay cylinders Layard unearthed, the heaped-up roofs, the minaret-like tower. But it is all out of sight till one comes right upon it in the low place chosen by the wisdom of the authorities. Do you think you could pluck out the heart of the mystery of the post-office? I was coming down the steps of our post-office the other morning, when I saw a man gnashing his teeth, tearing his hair, and making wild pugilistic signs in the direction of Melbourne. I spoke soothingly to him, drew him across to Mache- fer's wine- shop, bathed his temples with some of the tears sold there, poured red wine down his throat, and then he became calm and explanatory. He said — "I am the correspondent of an up-country news- paper, and am the victim of the inscrutable laws of the post-office. Having to post my letter to catch the 10.45 train for Stawell, and having to go near the railway station, I determined to drop my letter into the box provided at the station that the public may deposit their letters up to the latest minute. I was at the box when the clearing officer arrived with his bag; I dropped my letter into his bag, and he then said he was clearing for Melbourne, not Stawell. Give me back my letter, then, I said, but he told me he dared not do so. It was no longer mine. It was the pro- perty of the State in trust for the person to whom it was addressed. The box told me nothing of all this. I rushed to Mr Bechervaise and told him my story. His eyes glistened and danced about me as if he wished to make me feel cheerful, and I went down on my knees and prayed him to take the letter out of the man's bag, and give it to the guard of the next train, that it might reach Stawell in time for the printers. He said he could do a good many things, but not that. He got the law book, and showed me its testi- mony, which corroborated the story of the man with the bag. The letter was, in fact, consecrate. Its dedication was the only thing the powers could attend to, and the only way out of the difficulty was for me to telegraph to the addressee, and tell him to tell Mr Bechervaise to take the letter and give it to the guard of the next train. By this time my head began to swim, and in an agony of rage and mortification I rushed out into the open air, where, Sir, you found me, and came to me like a good Samaritan." Well, I said, is there no remedy for such embarrassments as this? "Certainly," he replied. "If the Post- office people would say on the box at the station that it is meant only for such and such trains, everybody would know how to avoid such liability to bewilderment and temporary lunacy as that I had to suffer." I called, for one of Machefer's thinnest slices of garlicised sausage, two glasses of champagne with Frothy whirls, White as Cleopatra's melted pearls, and said, "All right, my dear boy, I will see Becher- vaise or the Postmaster-General, and try and get half a crown's worth of lettering put on the box." The champagne had roused my unfortunate friend by this time, and he began to talk fast. Machefer, with the sprightly vivacity of his nation, looked upon him and seemed to think him the great G.G., ghost or corpus, or some other person, fresh from the mysteries of Paris, and having himself had some tears, broke out, "Dame! q'est ce que c'est done? Est ce que vous allez faire la betise de croire rencontre ici parmi ces droles d'Angiais la politesse et le bon sens que l'on trouve toujours dans chaque bureau public de la belle France?" This seemed to sober the unfortunate, who growled in reply, "You be — with your gibberish; look to your razor, and don't cut the garlic so coarse." Things now shaped unpleasantly; I drew the post- office victim away, and we parted. Now, Sir, as I do not know how to approach Government officials in these days of "revenge," I made up my mind to com- pound with my conscience, and content my deluded friend and myself by simply telling you his heart- rending story. What an inextinguishable adhesiveness, as the phre nologists would say, there* is in’all old Ballaratians. Go where they may, they look lovingly back upon this place/ They all tell “the same tale, and 1 almost in the sa tne.words—“ There’s no place like Ballarat.” The otl'er day I was in the train at the Ararat station,. when a man came alongpouriug oil or something into 1 the v 7 beel-boxes. He saw me and spoke. He wasj an old Llallarat miner, -and I asked him bow he liked;, Ararat. “ Oh, pretty well,” he replied, “ but ’tia’u’t like'"Badlarat. There’s no place like Ballarat, you knqw.’’ ( ) „And off the train went. By Jove, Sir, iny, heart* warmed to* that wheel-greaser, for I felt just as' he did. So does everybody else. Can you explain'it ? .And yet the. Old Pione'ers are only a rope of sand, a fortuitous segregation' of " atoms, an incoherent; , senes of unclubbable-; stragglers,, as uncompanionable j as those shocking bad pines that make day hideous on the Creswick road;■ and'’in measly splotches injthe' Botanic Garden Reserve. 01 Ct Wilson, O! “G. 5.,” 0! Old Pioneers, 0 ! "my offended David the mayor, 0! bOOthooers, who.listen only to prophets who pro phesy smooth ' things," ye who cru'sified the amiable' and alphabetical Vale; and Coffee Jones, and screamed for the Barrahas of mint sauce to be delivered'tp you, is it true there’s ho place like Ballarat”? " Z. ■ 