NEWS OF THB DAY. A THIBD EDITION ot The Beuald will be pnblished tbie evening, shortly be fore six o'cloeb. It will be aeen that there ie every probability of the poliea coming into collision with the bnshraneers to-day, and in that case we expeet to be able to give full detaile of the event. The edition will, in aoy oaee, contain extracts from our files by tho mail, and all the latest local intelligence. The intelligence to band to-day in refer ence to tho mnrdercre Kelly and his mates ib of a gratifying character! It will be seen from our correspondent's telegrams that the police are eldest to a certainty close np with the outlaws, and that within the next day or two the desperadoes are likely either to be captored or Bhot down, as they deserve to be, It is » hoped that this will be accomplished without aoy farther loss of valuable lives. The information that the police ere now tolerably well armed will also be received with satisfaction. The B.M.8. Siatn, after a very fast passage from Adelaide, arrived Bt tho Heads at lO.o this morning, having passed the Otway unob served. She went up to the West Channel at a quarter past ten o'cloeb, and was expected to reaob the Bay by about half-past one p.m. The Land Tax Commission eat again to-day in the old TreasuryJbuildiDge, bnt no decision were given. The Commissioners were engaged in bearing the appeal of Mr John Oonisbee against the second-class classification of 617 ncres in the county of Bogong, known by the name of tho Bonegllla estate. Mr J. T- Smith appeared for the Crown, and Mr Ker- ferd for the appellant, The morning was occupied in the examination of the classifiers, Messrs Harvey andjSay, No farther with- drawslB were announced. The fallowing are tho deliveries of wheat Dour, and other produce at the Spencer street station of the Victorian Ballways, for the week ending 2nd November: — Wheat, 5749 bags ; flour, 60G7 bags; bran, 1500bags ; pol lard, 46G bags ; oats, 479 bags; peas, |38 bags ; barley, 49 bags ; maize, 56 bags; potatoes, 4720 bags ; chaff, G82G bags, Total, 24,940 bags, It is understood that, commencing with December, the F. and O. Company's mail steamers will leave this port on Saturdays, instead of on Fridays, until April of next year. In Aptl 1 the monsoons begin, and then the day of departure will be altered to Thursday, and these arrangements will last till the end of September, 1879. No less than 21 vessels, representing an aggregate of 31,018 tons register, are at present on the Melbourne berth, awaiting Lome loading. Six vessels, with a total of 8209 tons, aro also at Qeeiong for tha same purpose; aud the City of Agra, 1074 tons, nas departed to Portland for cargo ; making a total namborof 28 ships, being an aggre gate of 40,901 tone register, and having ac commodation for about 200,000 bales of wool. The shareholders in the European and Australian Bank bad the pleasure uf meeting to-day for tho first time since their occupa tion of tho new and Impoaingjoremiaea at the corner ot Collins and Elizabeth streets, eonth west side. The proceedings were brief and barmonlone, a dividend of eight per cent being declared. At the City Police Court to-day, the ebip- carpenter of the P. and 0. Company's mail boat, Avoca, who wbb remanded on Monday lest on a charge of Bteallng 5000 sovereigns from the treasnro room of the above-mentioned steamer, in AugnBt twelve months last, on her trip ronnd from Sydney, was again brought np, and was farther remanded till Monday next, on tho application ot InBpeotor Secretan, the officer in chargo of the deteotive police. It is more than pro- bablo that the prisoner will be remanded from time to time nntil the English pollca have Bncceeded in arresting Elliaton, the late first officer of the b.b, Avooa, who iB stated to be the obief offender in the robbery. Tho police havo also jelegiaphed to Galle tor. witnesses, who nro expected to arrive in Mel bourne by tho December mail. A young man, about 19 yoars of age, named Hnna BosBhnrt, was charged, at the Fitzroy PolicoOourt to-day, with an attempt to commit Boioidc. 8ome time ego tho prisoner received a letter from Switzerland, inform ing him that a young woman wbohad prom- iBed to marry himhad bostoived her affections on another, and this intelligence seems to have so preyed on his mind aB to oauso him to attempt tho rash not, ' The offence was committed in September last by menus of n revolver, nnd the bullet entered through the right cheek, carrying nwny tho left eye. The prisoner, who Ib n teachor of mnaic, was remanded, in order to see if hie friends would take care of him, Another.ehooking oxamplo of tho effect of immoderately indulging in intoxicating drinks camo under tho attention of the City Bench this morning, whon a dilapidated- looking mnn, named James Stanley, was charged with being a vagrant. Ho was found in a otnto of drunkenness, sitting on a doorBtep, in Onrlton, on Saturday. Tho prisoner wns reminded by Mr Panton, P.M., that ho had, within tho last week or two, been beforo the court on charges of drunkenness and vagrancy, on each of which occasions he bad promised to return to the sheep Btation where he stated that he had formerly been employed as tntor to the owner's family. Stanley is a Master of Arls of Trinity College, Dublin, and iB an attor ney of the Bupreme Court of Ireland. On renewing his former promises to retnrn to the bush, the nnhappy man wbb dis charged. On Saturday evening two youths, named Beid, residents of Yorraville, when crossing the Stony Creek, came across a valuable carrier pigeon fast between two stones, having apparently escaped ont of the creek. On examination it was feund that the wings bad got font of a piece of string, to which was attaebed a strip of yellow paper, con taining tbe resnlt of the Derby written on it. The pigeon was conveyed to their residence, and every endeavor made to bring it ronnd, bnt enzly on Sunday morning it died, appa rently from tbe effects of being too long in the water. The person who tied the paper on evidently did hot know tbe efleot it would have, as it was much too large, and tied in a place that rendered flying for any time im possible, At the Oity Police Court this morning, a respectable - looking person, named John Tanner, was charged with committing a violent assault upon David Smith, a barman, who wao engaged in a booth on the FlemiDgton Baceconrse on Saturday last. The prisoner, with a friend, went to tha booth mentioned, and was Berved with drinks for himself and friend by the proseoutor,. Some money was paid over the counter, when Tan ner asked for his change of half-a- sovereign, whioh he declared he had given the bar man. The latter assured Tanner he had not received any such amount from him, and' declined to give him Bny, change. The; prisoner became exceedingly violent, and again demanded his change,, which being refused, Tanner picked up a large lemonade glass, whioh: he hnrled at Smith's head, Btriking him on the forehead, inflicting a severe wound,- from which the blood flowed profusely, ne cessitating his treatment at the hospital.' Mr Panton, P.M., characterised the assault as a most cowardly one, and the bench being: determined to put a Btop to these continued acts of rnffianism in hotel bars, were deter mined to inflict a heavy punishment. The' prisoner wbb fined £2 and £2 2s costs; and in default, one month's imprisonment, Messrs Bocke and Oo.'s show windows are drawing unusual crowds of spectators 1 1- day. The principal attraction offered to passers-by is a beautiful majolica fountain, of a finish unknown in any other place in Melbonrne, Aronnd the foun tain is a tasteful display of fern plants and other shrnbB. Near it is a peacock on one side and a stork on another, also of the same material ; and splendid specimens of real Dresden china, in the shape of vases, etc., are interspersed between the other attractive ornaments. A good display of furniture is also to be seen. On the whole, the windows Bt present are the moBt attrac tive iu Melbonrne, Bed are well worth seeing. In spile of the number of people who annually catch the craze of the races, and think to speculate a few shillings in sweepB, bny race-cards, Bud look knowing to be tho greatest attainable object of their lives during the Spring Meeting, there are also a large number who do not care for the sport at all. . As there -is very little amuse ment provided for them at- this time, Mel bonrne being entirely deserted, the owner of the Golden Crown has decided to lay that vessel on for a trip down the Bay— to start from Sandridge at 9,15 a.m. A large party- from the various teetotal societies have al ready taken tickets, and the vessel will, no dcubt, be crowded, many ladies taking the opportunity of amusing thorn- selves whilst their lords and maBters are at Flemington, as well as youDg men who may deBire to pasB the day amic ably in tho company of their " young ladieB," which they could not do on the course, for many and obvious reasons. The trip, should tho weather settle dowD, will be a most enjoyable one, muBio and dancing, and plenty of the necessaries of life, being provided. It iB to be hoped that tho work of reforma tion, as carried on in tho Reformatory, Ooburg, acts in a moro efficacious manner than it , would appear to have done in the oase of a ' hardened nnd incorrigible little ruffian, named JoEeph Vnlentine, who was brought before tho Oity Court to-day, charged with jostling a number of ladios in Bourke Btreet, on Saturday night last. Constable Herbert,, noticing tho condnot of tho prisoner, who was half druDk, locked him np. A second chargo of throwing tobacco over tho gaol walla was likewise preferred against the prisoner. This offence was clearly proved by a warder of tho gaol, who was on duty in one of the turrets, and who Baw Valentine throw a parcel over the walls. The tobacco was scrambled for and appropriated by the prisoners in the yard of the gaol. Tha fol lowing is a copy of a list whioh was thrown over the wnlls. — "6 figs for Paddy Pickett, 6 for Wally Donnelly, G for George Wilson, in care of Jumbo, 3 for Tom Elder, 12 for Danny Keefe, 9 for Jumbo, 3 big figs nnd half a pemud of tea for Jack Fanning, 3 for Alf Davis, 3 for Tippo Hnyes. I will come back again on Sunday, tell the Barber I went all the messages." Valen tine, who is 19 years of age, waB educa ted at the Jika Jikn Reformatory, since whioh time the promising youth has served within four years no less than six sentences for larceny and vagrancy. On the charge of insulting behaviour, Valentine was fined £ 10, or six months' imprisonment; and for tbe breach of the gaol regulations ho was farther ordered to be in carcerated for aix months, cumulative. Three othor young gaol-birds named, George Artbens, Michael Johnson aad John Quirk were also sent to prison for six months, without the option of a fins, on another charge ot throwing tobacco over the gaol walls, wbieh ocourreoce took place yesterday, and was witnessed by Constable Doyle and a gaol warder. It was stated that none ot the tobacco was recovered, aa it fell overinto the gaol yard, bnt one of the warders stated that a rush was made by the prisoners, who were exercising, and who appeared to swallow the weed as if it was tolly. A good andience honored tho 8treetB el New York on Saturday evening with their approbation of that sensational play, whioh altogether went off very well. Mr Ogdeo's- impersonation of Badger elicited somo con siderable applause, ho being sovoral times called before the curtain. Miss Beatrice ; was provided with tho somewhat outre part of "Jack," an introduced oharaotor of u larrikin newsboy ,- whioh afforded her op- 1 portunities of Binging somo very pretty littlo songs, and showing off her stopdnnoing to; some snccesB, although ehe did not; appear to ae much advautago as whon in . o her and more suitable charaotors for aj young lady. Tho andience were well pleased < ' i also with the rest of tho comnnnv , has probably decided the managemsm the resolution to have it repeated to-night The Waxworks, already with its eronf ' traction, has added another life-likn H terrible group, and backed with niinrol.'ri.. scenery, representing tho murder 0f stable Lonigan by the Kellys nnd their „»! " with the CEcape of Constable M'Intyro tit' Kellys aro from photographs, and arc e'ocn,.a only to the figures made by Mr Krcitimi.., for tbe Paris Exhibition. His Holiness pi Pius XIII, Lord Booconsfield, Tom Pear and several othere, have boon added |„!0' With its fine band, this old established dIm .of amusement is well worth a visit. The new theatre at Emerald Hill ws« opened with The Shaughraun on 8„turd.» evening, Mr Charles Wheatleigh tnkim- fi,» part of Oonn. Before tho curtain rose « number of public local gentlemen apoeare.1 upon tho BtBge and presented Mr Mendes tha proprietor, with b handsome illuminated ad dress, thanking him at tho Bame time on bo half of the inhabitants of the town for hav" ing provided such a place of amusement for them within the district. The piece s! well put on tho boards, and passed off verv Bmoothly, tho scenery and mechanical effects being well got together. The moonlight concert on the Mei bourne cricket ground promises to tw a great attraction to-night, it h.inn nnder the palronage of persona of dia linctioo. A trial was made of tho apparatus on Saturday night and was eminent!? successful. The rainbow tints of tha electric light, when thrown upon the foun tain, presented, a most magnificent effect the water when rising and falling appearing in the moat wonderful hues. An efficient piogrBmme has been provided, and ehoald the weather at all be favorable, there is no doubt but that the ground will be crowded, Mr OreBwiok'a impersonation of Virginiua at the Opera House on Saturday evening was a great success. As might be expected, the house was crowded before the curtain rose and from the manner in which the audience received his impersonation of the groat character, hie aoting might he said to have fairly buried them away. In many places he showed extraordi nary talent as an aotor, and was several times called before the curtain as an acknowledgment of his prowess. He was well backed up by his company, some of them displaying more than ordinary skill, Miss Ashton was- several timea warmly apr landed, and Mr Hodeon, Mr Bcothman, and others, made the most of the parts' assigned to them. To-night Othello will be put on the stage. The peculiar attraction presented at the Opera House last night by Mr D'Orsay Ogdsp Mr Montngu Scott, Miss Beatrice, and others' drew a large andience to that place, many of them going ont of cnrioBity without doubt. Mr Montagu Scott drow pictures ot Jesus' Christ and other Scriptnral oharaoters with good effect, those present being well pleased with his efforts. The whole entertainment passed off very well, the audience express- ing themselves satisfied with the effort to provide some intellectual recreation for that portion of tbe community which does not care to Bpend the whole of the Sabbath m chnrcheB or tavernB. The extraordinary popnlarity enjoyed by Miss Bosioa Garandini was doabtless the primary canse of the reception she received on Saturday night, although of coarse the feBtive time of the year and the excelleat bill of fare provided mnst be taken into Berions consideration. The lady herself began with her ifavorite, Only for thee, and was called before the enrtain twice, and saag others, which were also applauded. Mrs Cutter's eolo, When we are parted, was received with mnch gusto, as was the instrumental performance of Mdllo Duboin, the rendering of the airs from 8om- nambula, by Herr Siede, and the solos ot Signor Ortori. The whole of the perform ance was of an exceedingly high-class character, and the andience, which was a moBt respectable one, showed how welcome the music was, by the loud nud frequent bursts of applause. Mr Bignold, at the Royal, mads his re appearance on Saturday night as Heary V. in a thoroughly successful per fir- mance. Tho house was crowded, and, bs usual, " handsome George" found great favor with the . andience. The battle scenes were aa 'successful as ever, the scenery as effectively placed as before, and the applause as each fresh scene J was intro duced wbb loud and long. D'Arcy Read's Ghost iB Btill bewildering the curiouB at the Athemcum, and many and varione are the enggestionB as to the manner in which tbe illusion is managed. It will be continned throughout the week, The U.S. Minstrels, at St. George's Hall, had another crowded honBe on Saturday evening. Mr Kohler's fantasia on tho flageolet was as pleasing as it wa9 appre ciable. Mr Amery's scena from Tbe En chantress, "Let all obey," waB warmly np plauded by the audience ; whilst the ex travagancies of the corner men, and the able rendering of some sweet little ballads by other members of the company, found greet fnvor with the andience. This moBt accept able addition to tbe amusements of the city will be carried on until farther notice. The Pi-!>;: fismxits at tbi are now a ,!x..>p»isen ion, i,ad tjo.-t deserved e.?. The hes: avail r. tie Vf.'l .: employed. no- 1 enjoyable eromu.;; . y he spent : i»ry crniil! cost- To-.;S there is i : .< to.cti.'c programme. J Ki.Ie Per.. : , is tii/d,. notedly s talented , I -nists will rc-rnpoi'.r. Higaaf Ortori, t:.1: famous viulini;:, will pi v. E. A. Waupepboiai wiil make her tact pearance. liisa ilea':'! Pitts, Mr 8. tatr' and Mr -Tjarfes Sync- are alsn w\ the pro gramme, and .tout '.lets there will la! .< !«;;, attendaiic;- The appropriate iivamnof life Flying I.ut1.- at the PiiuecGS .< irxtio, drew a w- dience tin Saturday, n great many pceuii having y.'i up ! -.h\ amc.-.ei if ont'iM slasm ovf the £;: . 'i'hx y.lr.y i'./clf originally -rod. eff ubc-i', v.u - --.ft m'o it tbe Boy t.l, and -.as th;u r gretvl .sect-j- iB well pin open the utego, and anomsrl It 1' thought a -jfflf.fc deal of by tha BirflMC. Some of e : character wore cacao it-;ri.' well eneta'.iieu, au-.i promised to he » ecw onarepeliilo.t. Oae of the imnekv-1 at tractions it tV.' ;i!f--j was the jne'., ; i pipe, by a a traVei of young lad? o;>e.-- >i, who, wuVr Mr Flexntoto's trafc ing, " formed tb.u ..art ii a very ij.cc h : manner. Thn nice.-, will bo icp -n-'e.! : night. Referring- to the nijtrdcishy Kcliy'-i the Sydney K-.-i-uini: dev.s v- ritcs ; — '<'/ fighting and Bynipr.thlscawifii t L fight, even I oi a caviae which he iffte-i'" <" ' demne. -V'-.i nli retain ccfdcien oi ire by- in us to i. -no. with a certain amount of faction, <>. vi:d -.dv, ntcr.T; ieiii.1,1 »( the Maj Cc r.eUi aroiie- that v. a on.'- delighted :n, .citi lve iv.c rejf-ici ibe co"'i>;c and hard 1 c'-.m clan outlaw or ' I-1-'1- '; ranger. Tin- -ic.c: ant, which we j:uo!»h''i> yes tor da; , : . - hi terrible deeds p- . f - -''ii '-'i the Kelly: mc' tl o:r comrades in \ - -v i brings bi.y a :t . ribly re i.--' old days-.vkiii .-ivh events v.ero :y no - - - 1 ' uncommon - .j'cvor.ls a fioriuus da igo'- - the peace i..i ' prosperity ot on iui; r ."a- district ; or ntt only aro four reai'y v - ' men thn a-'ewrd enemies vi order, m1- a very l-.fpe number ot cottiers ap;' to be ir lea icq with then. There . he littlo -.Im i>' nut the- sr.uf.ir.rors -vi" tracked now i , i.uf- '.he last ir- will be aictc.i cut to tbcm in roam tcrr., :a other; bs: .htitu "will remain tho hrlf -:»u- eeBled sympathy wilu tho «rhntn»lr r' encourag' iu'.ii to urimo — a sympathy \\\ arising or or the :.i ' u .1 respsot for c'vci; tnrons br . r / to whim ne have elludeci. >'!' also, it a fa: or arimittuJ, to tho -jriaiiua' instincts -if Umsei 'vbo v. ould prey i-P'- socitty il ti,( iirc-rg ht.nii ol Go venture o - wero west i ..-J. 