OUR AM!ATEUR theatricals at BOOLONG-. Ho jests at scars who' nemr felt a mound — Romeo. One of the most awfnl recollAttioas Mr. Banbury Cross, of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, was when he made his first and OiTl'y appearance as |an actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment atjjhis own house in Boolong, He, for some tfoknovvn reason, nad conceived that he was horn to be an aetor — to tread the boards like the great Garrick and the elder" Kean — but it was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of bes'head after his peculiar dehfet. On finding the Melbourne' and Sydney managers unwilling to give a perfect novice wth blearing red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance fa; " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " fake the bull by the horns' and get up a company of his owh' down at his place at Boolong, He went to enormous- expense in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe,- having scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to db- the thing well and in tip-top »tyle. He got together a- kind ©f .scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am bitious amateurs, eager " to fret their hour upon the stage," and one or two seely outcasts of the profession; and be looked forward to the production of his pet play, " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitemeut, not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs; after about a month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their words before the curtain went up,, "but after it did most of them forgot them. The sceneiy hitched ; the Ghost was intoxicated, and the likewise ; Ophelia, wi amateur, burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who assembled to assist at the amateur peribrmauce. But this was not the worst, for Banbury Eoimd that when the bills came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on credit, because they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method ist, would pay them, but I knew very well- he would do no such thing when he found they vvere for theatrical trap pings, for if there was one thing hcheldin' abhorrence it was the theatre." What was he to do His uncle vyould disinherit him, turn him out of the house he had furnished for him, and scud him adrHt on ithe world, : What, was he to do ? His creditors would not wait and he would be a miserable pauper. But for alLthis .he did not lose h house, and his poor uncle's fortune is iu the . bank in his name, thanks to the timely aid of one mlio is. a friend to the drania as well as to the rest of i/ic world, who advanced him the needful. Need we say his name,- No ; all know him ! But we may as well remark it,,,w;as fbe ehampioti of tlui distressed, T DAVID 'HENRY, of .52 Udllins; street, east. Who has from £5 to £10,000- toiend on notes of hand, -bills of sale (witb: or ; without! .secariby);?. salary -ordeis;; life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per sons may be entitled to from England and; elsewhere, etc, repayable .tp suit the convenience of borrowers. , :Bills, "discounted daily.ab the dowe'st fate of; interest, and mortgages from 6 per cent." 