LITERATURE The Storyteller. Macleod of Dare. CHAPTER III. FIONAGHAL. BY WILLIAM BLACK, AUTHOR OF "THE PRINCESS OF THULE," ETC. AND indeed when they entered the house —the balconies and windows were ablaze of flowers all shining in the sun—they found that their host and hostess had already come downstairs and were seated at table with their small party of guests. This circumstance did not lessen Sir Keith Macleod's trepidation ; for there is no denying the faot that the young man would rather have faced an angry bull on a Highland road than this party of people in the hushed, and semi-darkened, and flower-scented room. It seemed to him that his appearance was the signal for a confusion that was equal to an earthquake. Two or three servants—all more solemn than any clergyman—began to make new arrange ments ; a tall lady, of benign aspect, rose and most graciously received him ; a tall gentleman, with a gray moustache, shook hands with him ; and then as he vaguely heard young Ogilvie, at the other end of the room, relate the incident of the upsetting of the cab, he found himself seated next to this benign lady, and apparently in a bewildering Paradise of beautiful lights and colon and delicious odors. Asparagus soup? Yes, he would take that; but for • second or two this spacious and darkened room, with its stained glass and its sombre walls, and the table before him, with its masses of roses and lillies of the valley, its silver, its crystal, its nectarines, and cherries, and pine apples, seemed some kind of enchanted place ; and then the people talked in a low and hushed fashion ; and the servants moved silently and mysteriously; and the air was languid with the scents of fruits and flowers. They gave him some wine in .a tall green glass that had trans parent lizards crawling up its stem ;*ne had never drunk out of a thing like that before. " It was very kind of Mr. Ogilvie to get you to come ; he is a very good boy ; he forgets nothing," said Mrs. Ross to him ; and as he be came aware that she was a pleasant-looking lady of middle age, who regarded htm with very friendly and truthful eyes, he vowed to himself that he would bring Mr. Ogilvie to task for re presenting this decent and respectable woman as a graceless and dangerous coquette. No doubt sh« was the mother of children. At her time of lift tA>m was- betUr employed in the nursery or in the kitchen than in flirting with young men ; and could he doul£ that she was a good house mistress when he saw with his own eyes how spjpk aqd sjpai^f verything was, and howaccqrately everything was served f Even if his cousin Janet lived in the south, with all these fine flowers and hot-house fruit to serve her purpose, she could not have done better. He began to like this pleasant-eyed woman, though she seemed deli cate and a trifle languid, and in •consequence he sometimes could not quite make out what she said. But then he noticed that the other people talked in this limp fashion too; there was no precision about their words; frequently they seemed to leave you to guess the end of their sen tences. As for the young lady next him, was she not very delicate also ? He had never Been such hands—so small, and fine, and white. And, although she talked only to her neighbor on the other side of her, he could hear that her voice, low and musical as it was, was only a murmur. " Miss White and I," said Mrs. Ross to him— and at thU moment the young lady turned to them—" were talking before you came in of the beautiful country you must know so well, and of its romantic stories and associations with Prince Charlie. Gertrude, let me introduce Sir Keith Macleod to you. I told Miss White you might come to us to-day; and she was saying what a pity it was that Flora Macdonald was not a,Macleod." " That was very kind," said ho, frankly, turn ing to this tall, pale girl, with the rippling hair of golden-brown and the heavy-lidded and downcast eyes. And then he laughed. "We would not like to steal the honor from a woman even though she was a Macdonald, and you know the Macdonalds and tho Macleods were not very friendly in the old time. But we can claim sotnothiug, too, about tho escape of Prince Charlie, Mrs. Robs. After Flora Macdonald had got him safe from Harris to Skye, she handed him over to the sons of Maclood of Raasay, and it was owing to them that he got to the main land. You will find many people up thero to this day who believe that if Macleod of Macleod had gone out in '45, Prince Charlie would never have had to flee at all. But I think the Macleods had done enough for the Stuarts ; and it was but littlo thanks thoy ever got in return, so far as I could ever hear. Do you know, Mre. Ross, my mother wears mourning every 3rd of Septem ber, and will eat nothing from morning till night. It is the anniversary of the Battle of Worcester; and then the Macleods were bo smashed up that for a long time the other clans relieved them from military service." " You are not much of a Jacobite, Sir Keith," Baid Mrs. Ross, smiling. "Only when I hear a Jacobite song sung," said he. " Then who cau fail to be a Jacobite ?" He had become quite friendly with this ami able lady. If he had been afraid that his voice, in these delicate southern ear*, must sound like the first guttural drone of Donald's pipes at Castle Dare, he had speedily lost that fear. The manly, sun- browned face and clear-glancing eyes were full of animation ; he was oppressed no longer by the solemnity of the servants ; so long as he talked to her he was quite confident ; he had made friends with this friendly woman. But he had uot as yet dared to address the pale girl who Bat on his right ; and who seemed so fragile, aud beautiful, atid distant in manner. * Tho right of rojmblieliing " Mncleoil of Uaru" in Quctitißlnml has been piu-cluwod hy tho proprietors of The QufctulamUr. MAfter all," said he to Mrs. Rosa, "there were no more Highlanders killed in the cause of the StuarU than used to be killed every year or two merely out of the quarrels of the clans among themselves. All about where I live there is scarcely a rock, or a loch, or an island that has not its story. And I think," added he, with a becoming modesty, "that the Macleods were by far the most treacherous, and savage, and blood thirsty of the whole lot of them." And now the fair stranger beside him ad dressed him for the first time; and as she did so she turned her eyes towards him—clear, large eyes that rather startled one when the heavy lids were lifted, so full of expression were they. " I suppose," said she, with a certain demure smile, "you have no wild deeds doiie there now ?" " Oh, we have become quite peaceable folks now," said he, laughing. " Our spirit is quite broken. The wild boars are all away from the islands now, even from Muick, we have only the sheep. And the Mackenzie*, and the Macleans, and the Macleods—they are all sheep now." Was it not quite obvious ? How could anyone associate with this bright-faced young man the fierce traditions of hate, and malice, and revenge that make the seas and islands of the north still more terrible in their loneliness ? Those were the days of strong wills and strong passions, and of an easy disregard of individual h'fe when the gratification of some set desire was near. What had this Macleod to do with such scorching fires of hate and of love ? He was playing with a silver fork and half-a-dozen strawberries : Miss White's surmise was perfectly natural and cor rect. The ladies went up-stairs ; and the men, after the claret had gone round, followed them. And now it seemed to this rude Highlander that he was only going from wonder to wonder. Half way up the narrow staircase was a large recess dimly lit by the sunlight falling through stained glass; and there was a small fountain playing in the middle of the grotto ; and all around was a wilderness of ferns dripping with the spray, while at the entrance two atone figures held up magical globes on which the springing aiid falling water was reflected. Then from this partial gloom he emerged into the drawing room—a dream of rose-pink and gold; with the air sweetened around nim by the masses of roses and tall lilies about. His eyes were rather bewildered at first; the figures of the women seemed dark against the white lace of the windows. But as ne went forward to his hostess he could make out still further wonders of color: for in the balconies outside, in the full glare of the sun, were geraniums and lobelias and golden calceolaria* and red snap dragon ; their bright hues faintly tempered by the thin curtains through which they were seen. He could not holp expressing his admiration of these things that were so new to him ; for it seemed to him that he had come into a land of perpetual summer and sunshine and glowing flowers. Then the luxuriant greenness of the fohiige on the other aide of Exhibition-road—for Mrs. Row' house faced westward—was, as he ■aid, singularly beautiful to one accustomed to the windy skies of the western isles. " But yon have not seen our elm—our own elm," said Mrs. Ross, who was arranging some azaleas that had just been sent her. "We are very proud of our elm. Gertrude, will you take Sir Keith to see our noble elm ?" He bad almost forgotten who Gertrude was; but the next second he recognised the low and almost timid voice that said— " Will you come this way, then, Sir Keith ?" He turned, and found that it was Miss White who spoke. How was it that this girl, who was only a girl, seemed to do things so easily, and gently, and naturally—without any trace of embarrassment or self-consciousness ? He fol lowed her, and knew not whioh to admire the more—the careless simplicity of her manner, or the singular symmetry of her tall and slender figure. He had never seen any statue or any pioture in any book to be compared with this woman, who was*so fine and rare and delicate that she seemed only a beautiful tall flower in this garden of flowers. There was a strange simplicity, too, about her dress —a plain, tight fitting, tight- sleeved dress of unrelieved black; her only adornment being some bands of big blue beads worn loosely round the neck. The black figure, in this shimmer of rose-pink and gold And flowers, was effective enough ; but even the finest of pictures, or the finest of statues, has not the subtle attraction of a graceful car riage. Macleod had never seen any woman walk as this woman walked, in so stately and yet bo simple a way. From Mrs. Ross' chief drawing- room they passed into an ante-drawing-room, which was partly a passage and partly a conservatory. On the window-side were some rows of Cape heaths ; on the wall-Ride some rows of blue and white plates ; and it was one of the latter that was en gaging the attention of two parsons in this ante room—Colonel Robs himself, and a little old gentleman in gold-rimmed spectacles. " Shall I introduce you to my father ?" said Miss White to her companion ; and after a word or two, they passed on. " I think papa is invaluable to Colonel Rosb," said she," he is as good as an auctioneer at tell ing the value of china. Look at this beautiful heath. Mrs. Ross is very proud of her heaths." The Binall white fingers scarcely touched the beautiful blossoms of the plant; but which were the more palely roseate and waxen? If one were to grasp that hand—in some sudden moment of entreaty—in the sharp joy of recon ciliation—in the agony of farewell—would it not be crushed like a frail flower ? " There is our elm," said she, lightly. " Mrs. Rosb and I regard it as our own ; we have sketched it bo often." The; had emerged from the conservatory into a small square room, which was practically a continuation of the drawing-room, but which was decorated in pale blue and silver, and filled with a lot of knick-knucks that showed it won doubtless Mrs. Rosb' boudoir. And out there, in the clear Juno sunshine, lay the broad green sward behind Priuce'B Gate, with the one splendid elm spreading its broad branches into the blue sky, and throwing a soft shadow on the corner of tho gardens next to tbo house. Row sweet and still it was—as still as the calm, clear light in the girl's eyes. Thero was no passion there, and no trouble ; only the light of a June day, and of blue skies, and a peaceful soul. She rested the tips of her fingers on a small rose wood table that stood by the window : surely, if a spirit ever lived in any table, the wood of this table must have thrilled to its core. And had ho given all this trouble to this per fect creature merely that he should look at a tree ?—and was he to say some ordinary thing about an ordinary elm to tell her how grateful he was? " It's like a dream to me," he said, honestly enough, " since I came to London. You seem always to have sunlight and plenty of fine trees and hothouse flowers. But I suppose you have winter like the rest of us." " Or we should very soon tire of all this, beau tiful as it is," said she, and she looked rather wistfully out on the broad still gardens. " For my part, I should very soon tire of it. I should think there was more excitement in the wild storms and the dark nights of the north; there must be a strange fascination in the short winter days among the mountains, and the long wintor nights by the side of the Atlantic." He looked at her, and smiled. That fierce fascination he knew something of. How had she guessed at it ? And as for her talking as if she herself would gladly brave these storms— was it for a foam- bell to brave a storm ? Was it for a rose-leaf to meet the driving rama of Ben an-Sloich ? - " Shall we go back, now ?" said she ; and, as she turned to lead the way, he could not fail to remark how shapely her neck was, for her rich golden-brown hair was loosely gathered up behind. But just at this moment Mrs. Ross made her appearance. " Come," said Bhe, " we shall have a chat all to ourselves ; and you will tell me, Sir Keith, what you have seen since you came to London, and what has struck you most. And you must stay with us, Gertrude; perhaps Sir Keith will be so kind as to freeze your blood with another hor rible story about the Highlanders—l am only a poor southerner and had to get up my legends from books—but this wicked girl, Sir Keith, delights as much in stories of bloodshed as a schoolboy does." " You will not believe her," said Miss White, in that low-toned gravely sincere voice of hers, while a faint shell-like pink suffused her face. "It was only that we were talking of the High lands, because we understood you were coming; and Mrs. Ross was trying to make out " and here a spice of proud mischief came into the ordinarily calm eyes—" she was trying to make out that you must be 'a very terrible and dan gerous person, who would probably murder us all if we were not civil to you." "Well, you know, Sir Keith," said Mrs. Ross, apologetically, " you acknowledge yourself that you Macleods were a very dreadful lot of people at one time. What a shame it was to track the poor fellow over the snow, and then deliberately to put brushwood in front of the cave, and then suffocate a whole two hundred persons at once !" "Oh, yes, no doubt," said he, "but the Macdonalds were asked first to give up the men that had bound the Macleods hand and foot, and set them adrift in the boat, and they would not do it. And if the Macdonalds had got the Macleods into a cave they would have suffocated them too. The Macdonalds began it." "Ob, no, no, no," protested Mrs. Ross, "I can remember better than thai. What were the Macleods about on the island at all when they had to be sent off, tied hand and foot, in their boats?" " And what is the difference between tying a man hand and foot and putting him out in the Atlantic, and suffocating him in a cave ? It was only by an accident that the wind drifted them over to Skye." " I shall begin to fear that you have some of the old blood in you," said Mrs. Robs, with a smile, "if you try to excuse one of the cruellest things ever heard of." " I do not excuse it at all," said be, simply. "It was very bad—very cruel. But perhaps the Macleods were not so much worse than others. It was not a Macleod at all, it was a Gordon— and she a woman, too—that killed tho chief of the Mackintoshes after she had received him as n friend. ' Put your head down on the table,' said she to the chief,' in token of your submis sion to the Earl of Huntley.' Aud no sooner had he bowed his neck than she whipped out a kuife and cut hia head off. That was v Gordon ; not a Maoleod. And Ido not think the Macluods were bo much worse thau thoi* neighbors, after all." " Oh, how can you say that," exclaimed his persecutor. " Who was ever guilty of uuch nu act of treachery as setting fire to the barn at Dunvegan ? Macdonald and his men get driven on to Skye by the bad weather; they beg for shelter from their old enemy; Macleod professes to be very great friends with them ; and Mac donald is to sleep in the castle, while his men have a barn prepared for them. You know very well, Sir Keith, that if Macdonald hod remainod. that night in Dunvegan Castle he would have been murdered ; and, if the Macleod girl hud uot given a word of warning to her sweetheart, the men in the barn would have been burnt to death. I think that if I were a ilacdouald I should be proud of that scene—the Macdonalds marching down to their boats witli their pipes playing, while the barn was all in v blaze, fired by their treacherous enemies. Ob, Sir Keith, I hope there are no Macleodß of that sort alive now." " There are not, Mrs. Robs," said he gravely. II They were all killed by the Macdonalds, I sup pose." "I do believe," said she, "that it was a Macleod who built a stone tower on a lonely island, and imprinoned his wife there " " Mies White," the young man said, modestly, " will not you help me ? Am I to be mude responsible for all the evil doings of my nn cestoni ?" "It is really not fair, Mrs. Roas," snid she ; and the Bound of this voice pleading for him weut to his heart: it was not as tbo voice of other women. " I only uioant to punish you," paid Mrs. Rons, " for having traversed tho iudictment—l don't know whether that is the proper phrase, or what it means, but it sounds well. You fh»t acknowleged that the Macleods were by far the most savage of the people living up there ; and then you tried to make out that the poor creatures whom they harried were aa cruel as themselves." " What is cruel now was not cruel then," he said, "it was a way of fighting ; it was what is called an ambush now—enticing your enemy, and then taking him at a disadvantage And if you did not do that to him he would do it to you. And when a man is mad with anger or revenge, what does he care for anything ?" " I thought we were all sheep now," said she. "Do you know the story of the man who was flogged by Maclean of Lochbuy—that is in Mull," said he, not heeding her remark. " You do not know that old story ?" They did not; and he proceeded to tell it, in a grave and simple fashion which was sufficiently impressive. For he was talking to these two friends now in the most unembarrassed way; and he had, besides, the chief gift of a born narrator—an utter forgetfulness of himself. His eyes rested quite naturally on their eyes as he told his tale. Sut first of all he spoke of the exceeding loyalty of the Highland folk to the head of their clan. Did they know that other, of how Maclean of Duart tried to capture the young heir of the house of Lochbuy, and how the boy was rescued and carried away by his nurse ? And when, arrived at man's estate, he returned to revenge himself on those who had be trayed him, among them was the husband of the nurse. The young chief would have spared the life of this man, for the old woman's sake. " Let the tail go with the hide," said she, and he was slain with the rest And then the narrator went on to the story of the flogging. He told them how Maclean of Lochbuy was out after the deer one day ; and his wife, with her child, htd come out to see the shooting. They wero driving the deer; and at a particular pass a man was stationed so that, should the deer come that way, he should turn them back. The deer came to this pass ; the. man failed to turn them ; the chief was mad with rage. He gave orders that the man's back should be bared, and that he should be flogged before all the people. "Very well," continued Macleod. "It was done. But it is not safe to do anything like that to a Highlander ; at least it wat not safe to do anything like that to a Highlander in those days ; for, as I told yoiu Mrs. Ross, we are all like sheep now. Then tffly went after the deer again; but at one moment the man that had been flogged seized Maclean's child from the nurse, and ran with it across the mountain-side till he reached a place overhanging the sea. And he held out the child over the sea ; and it was no use that Maclean begged on his knees Ibr forgiveness. Even the passion of loyalty was lost now in the fierceness of bis revenge. This was what the man said—that unless Maclean had his baok bared there and then before Al the people, And flogged as he had been flogged, then the child should be dashed into the sea below. There was nothing to be done but that —no prayers, no offers, no appeals from the mother were of any uso. And so it was that Maclean of Lochbuy was flogged there, before his own people; and hfc enemy above looking on. And then ? When it was over, the man called aloud, * Revenged i Revenged I* and sprang into the air with the child along with him; and neither of them was ever seen again after they had sunk into the sea. It is an old story." An old story, doubtless, and often told ; but its effect on this girl sitting beside him was strange. Her clasped hands trembled ; her eyes were glazed and fascinated as if by some spell. Mrs. Ross, noticing this extreme tension of feeling, and fearing it, hastily rose. " Come, Gertrude," she said, taking the girl by the hand, "we shall be frightened to death by these stories. Come and sing us a song—a French song, all about tears, and fountains, and bits of ribbon. Or we shall be seeing the ghosts of murdered Highlanders coming in here in the daytime." Macleod, not knowing what he had done, but conscious that something had occurred, followed them into the drawing-room, and rotired into a sofa while Mies White sat down to tbe open piano. Ho hoped he had not offended her. He would not frighten her again with any ghostly stories from the wild northern seas. And what was this French song that she was about to sing ? The pale, slender lingers wero wandering over the keys ; and thoro was a sound —faint and clear and musical—aa the rippling of summer seas. And sometimes the sound came nearer ; and n<iw he fancied he recognised some old familiar strain ; and ho thought of his cousin Janet somehow; and of summer days down by the blue waters of the Atlantic. A French song ? Surely if this air, that seemed to come nearer and nearer, was blown from any earthly land, it had come from the valleyß of Locbiel and Ardgour and from the b6ll Bhoros of Arisaig and Moidart ? Oh, yea ; it was a very pretty French gong that she had chosen to please Mrs. llobs with. A wee bird cam* to our ha' door— —this was what she sang ; and though, to tell the truth, she had not much of a voice, it was exquisitely trained, and she Bang with a tender ness and expression such as ho, at least, had never heard before— He warbled sweet and cleiu-Jf ; An' aye tlio o'ercoine o' his sang Was " Wue's me for Prince Charlie !" Oh 1 when 1 heard the bonnie, boiuiia bird, Tho tears cam' drnppiu rarely ; I took my bonnot olfiuy head, For woll 1 lo'ed Princo Charlie. It could not have cutered into his imagination to believe that such pathos could exist apart from the actual sorrow of the world. The in strument before her seemed to speak ; and the low, joint cry was one of infinite grief and long ing and love. Quoth I, "My bird, my bonnle, bonnl* bird, Is tlmt a «aiijj ye borrow? Are these sumo woriU ye've learnt by heart, Or a lilt o' dotil an' sorrow?" " Oh, no, no, no," tho woo bird baug, " I've flown fin' niornin' early ; Hut nit' ft day o' wind and rain— Oh, «•«•'« mv for I'rinoo Charlie!" Mr*. Kosa glanced archly at him when i*he diH covercd wbat sort of French song it wiw that Miflß Whito had chosen ; but he paid no heed. His only thought was-"# only the mother and Janet could hear thit dranye tinging." When Bhe had ended, Mrs. Ross came over to him and said— "That is a great compliment to you." And he answered, simply— " I have never heard any singing like that." Then young Mr. Ogilvie—whose existence, by the way, he had entirely and most ungratefully forgotten—came up to the piano, and began to talk' in a veiy pleasant and amusing fashion to Miss White. She was turning over the leaves of the book befdre her; and Madeod grew angry with this idle interference. Why should this lily-fingered jackanapes—whom a man could wind round a reel and throw out of window— disturb the rapt devotion of this beautiful Saint Cecilia ? She struck a firmer chord; the bystanders withdrew a bit; and of a sudden it seemed to him that all the spirit of all the clans was ring ing in the proud fervor of this fragile girl's voice. Whence had Bhe got this fierce Jacobite passion that thrilled him to the very finger-tips ? I'll to Loohiel, and Appin, and kneel to them, Down by Lord Murray and Roy of Kililarlie; Brave Mackintosh, he shall fly to the field with them; These »re the lad* I can trust wi' my Charlie I Could any man fail to answer ? Could any man die otherwise than gladly if he died with such an appeal ringing in his ears? Macleod did not know there was scarcely any more volume in this girl's voice now than when she was singing the plaintive wail that preceded it: it seemed to him that there was the strength of the tread of armies in it, and a challenge that could rouse a nation. Down through the Lowlands, down wi' the Whigamore, Loyal true Highlander*, down wi' them rarely I Ronald aud Donald, drive on wi' the broad claymore Orer the necks of the foes of Prince Cbarlie I Follow thee I Follow thee! Wha wadiia follow thee, King o' the Highlaud hearts, bounie Prince Charlie!" She shut the book with a light laugh, and left the piano. She came over to where Macleod sat. When he saw that ahe meant to speak to him, he rose and stood before her. " I must ask your pardon," Baid Bhe, smiling, " for singing two Scotch Bongs ; for I know the pronunciation is very diffloult." He answered with no idle compliment— " If Ttarlaeh ban og, as they used to call him, Were alive now," said he, and indeed there was never any Stuart of them all, not even the Fair Toung Charles himself, who looked more hand some than this same Macleod of Dare who now stood before her, " yotf would get him more men to follow him than any flag or standard he ever raised." She cast her eyes down. Mrs. Ross' guests began to leave. " Gertrude** Baid she, " will you drive with me for half-an-hour—the carriage is at the door? And I know the gentlemen want to have a cigar in the shade of Kensington Gardens: they might come back and have a cup of tea with us." But Miss White had some engagement; she and her father left together; and the young men followed them almost directly—Mrs. Rosa saying that she would be most pleased to see Sir Keith Macleod any Tuesday or Thursday after noon he happened to be passing, as she was, always at home on then days. " I don't think we can do better than take her advice about the cigar" said young Ogilvie, as they crossed to Kensington Gardens. "What do you think of her ?" "Of Mrs. Row?" "Yes." " Oh, I think she is a very pleasant woman." " Yes, but f' Baid Mr. Ogilvie, " —howdid she strike you ? Do you think she is as fascina ting as some men think her ?" " I don't know what men think about her," said Macleod. "It never occurred to me to ask whether a married woman was fascinating or dot. I thought she was a friendly woman —talkative, amusing, clever enough." They lit their cigars in the cool shadow of the great elms : who does not know how beautiful Kensington Gardens are. in June ? And yet Macleod did not seem disposed to be garrulous about these new experiences of his; he was absorbed, and mostly silent. " That is an extraordinary fancy she has taken for Gertrude White," Mr. Ogilvie remarked. " Why extraordinary ?" the other asked, with sudden interest. " Oh, well, it is unusual, you know ; but she is a nice girl enough, and Mrs. Ross is fond of odd folks. You didn't speak to old White ?— his head is a sort of British Museum of antiqui ties ; but he is of some use to these people—he is fluch a swell about old armor, and china, and Buch things. They say he wants to be sent out to dig for Dido's funeral pyre at Carthage, and that he is only waiting to get the trinkets made at Birmingham." They walked on a bit in silence. " I think you made a good impression on Mrs. Robb," Baid Mr. Ogilvie, coolly. "You'll find her an uncommonly useful woman, if she takes a fancy to you ; for she knows everybody and goes everywhere, though her own house is too small to let her entertain properly. By the way, Macleod, I don't think you could have hit on a worse fellow than Ito take you about; for I am so little in London that I have become a rank outsider. But I'll tell you what I'll do for you if you will go with me to-night to Lord Beauregard's, who is an old friend of mine. I will ask him to introduce you to Borne people— and his wife gives very good dances—and if any Royal or Imperial BweU comes to town you'll be sure to run against him there. I forget who it is they are receiving there to-night; but any how you'll meet two or three of the fat duchesses whom Dizzy adores ; and I shouldn't wonder if that Irish girl were there—the new beauty ; Lady Beauregard is very clever at picking people up." "Will Miss White be there V Macleod asked, apparently deeply engaged in probing the end of his cigar. His companion looked up in surprise ; then a new fancy seemed to occur to him ; and he smiled very slightly. " Well, no," said he slowly, "I don't think she will. In fact, lam almost sure she will be at the Piccadilly Theatre. If you like, we will give up Lady Beauregard, and after dinner go to the Piccadilly Theatre instead. How will that do ?" " I think that will do very well," Baid Mac leod. {[TO BE CONTINUED.] 