CHINESE IN SAN FR ANCISCO. {From I lie While Coiiqurst.) NUT fur from Lock Sin's toa-hnuso stands a big oditlco, tit st used OH tba Globo Hotel; a house four storeys higü nbovotho ground, six windows to tho front, mid boasting ol' rooms enough for iifty guests. Including vnultn and attics thora mny IJO sixty rooms in all. Surrounded by tho CliinoBO rookery, this Globo Hotel, no longer fit for decent visitors, is lot to Leo Si Tut, n rich Chinese, who ru-lets bis iipnrtiuonts to Cbinoso residents ol' tho bettor class-lo shopmen, waiters, dorks, and ngoiits. Leo Si Tut takes emu tu huvo no tumnit ol' bail repute. A thiof, n rag- picker, a night-prowler cannot biro a bcd in bis hotel. No painted women pass bis dour. Tun und othor lawless games uro forbidden. No wrangling or fighting is allowed within tho liouso. So far as order cnn bo minio by rules, ordur is said to reign among Loo Si Tut's tenants ; und tho Cflobo Hotel in Juckson-stroot may bo regarded as tho royul khan und sutnmor-polnco of tho Chinese empira ia America. Puss in. Oh, Leo Si Tut ! A sickening odour grouts your nostrils on bis stops. A rcok comos out of every door, und dirt lies hoapod on ovory lutuling-stngu. Tho dust of ycurs oncrusts bis window-panos. Compurctl with this Globo Hotel limier Leo Si Tut, u Turkish or a Spanish prison is u desert piuco. Thu bannisters drip; tho passages sweut. A black und fetid slime runs down tho walls. And thou what press and multi- tude of touuuts on tho stairs und in tho rooms! Mon swarm nt ovory door, and crowd down ovory stugo ; euch polo and melancholy wretch vomiting Mu uurcoti.- -laiuuii in j'Olie taco. A lllinioloSS horror Boeing to brood in ovory corner of tho house tor out ol' every corner glaro tho spectral eyes of beings tovored by tan and stupefied with druci. Knell moni, arranged foi' tho uccoinmoilntion ol' ii singlo guest, in either ported into six or tovell sections by it string ol' units, or shelved in tiers lill round tho willis, Sholves uro proferrcd, sineo no ono euros to poy lor privuey ; mid u room that will only sloop six or sovon in sections moy bo got 10 sleep ii dozen on sholves. From vault to attic, undi room is foul with smoko, nut! bliiok with dirt, and choked with mon. No less than iiftecu hundred ghastly eronturos Und u lodging day und night in this Chinese paradise I Kooma crowded and unwholesome I have seen boforo-nt a feast in Einsicdolu, a íuiiil-liousu in Nuplos, au emigrant ship at Livorpool, n barrack 011 tho Nilo-but nowboro bavo I scon btimaii croat li rcs pucked mid crushed ns theso tumults of tho Globo Hotel aro packed and crushed. Leu Si Tut lots bis house, ho snya, to eight hundred tenonts ¡ whicli would give bim, in a house of sixty rooms, inc uding collars and lolls, thirteen toiuuita to enob chamber; but tho rascals cheat bim, bo alleges, out ol' bull'his rent, by sub-lotting thoir sholves to man who occupy thom only hull' tho day, Enquiry shows me that this story ol' sublotting nilli dividing thu room is strictly truo. Ki 'Wgok lots his shelf to Li Ho ; Ki \Vgok using ' bia sholl for twolvo hours and giving it up to Li Ho for tho other twclvo hours, lu some rooms throe sets of lodgers occupy tho »helves each twenty-four hours-oight hours a-picco. Yet Umso who lodge in this hotol livo in n light sncl roomy palace by thu sido of those who livo in tho labyrinth of courts und styes, yunis and ontrios, lying round Bartlett Alloy, lloro soino ot' tho lirst wliito settlors in Sun Francisco throw up tboir hives. Tho ground is undrained. Tho lop Bbantios worn run up hastily and chonply ; and in theso fover-hnuntcd hovols, rotton with ago, putrid with filth, ovorrun with vermin, tho uiuHSos ol' Mongolians muko their borne. They orcop into vaults, they climb into ouvos, thoy burrow in tho earth. In holes unlit for dogs, you may discover ton or twelve wasted creatures, sprawling on shclvos, staring into spnee, mid try- ing to smoko themselves into tho opium-dreamer's paradise. Worsu still, if in tho ' lowest depth' there can bo u ' dooper still.' is tho thieves' quortor ; a dis- trict running in and out of moro rospcctablo tiuurtors with a raru indifference as to social lorms. In tho thieves' quarter it is well to buvo a guido ami escort, for tho Chinóse criminal hus curiums ways, and your ruuiblo in his purlieus should bu mudu ut night. All round Bartlett Alloy Ho tho thieves' yards mid cribs; foul attics, fulling balconies, under- ground konuols ; with u lbw spikes of Joss-wood burning at ovory door. Hugs rot on tho ground and garbage poisons tho air. .Slush squirts ut you from under every plunk, nial whorothu plunks fail you, tho ourth up pen ra to bo nothing but u run- ning sore. ItitL'-sbops mid receiving-houses bide in old pits und hollows under tho plunk Moors. In all those dump and loathsome huies a swarm ol Asiatics wallow in tho tilth, their palo and ghastly faces rendered visible by tho flicker ol'a rooking lamp. J'ali ! Fear lurks in ovory Mongol oyo, nial despera- tion glowora from ovory Mongol (nco. In pass- ing from yard to yard you catch tho slain ol'doors, thu shot uf holts, and feel by instinct tbut every rutilan standing behind these planks, alarmed by slruugo footstops mal loud voices in thu dead of night, is listening ut his door, with hatchet raised to strike or rifle poised to lire. 'Open tho door!' cries your guido, in a per- emptory tone, stopping in front of a log cabin ' opon tho door !' . You fooloo mo . You I'oolco mo ?' ' Xo, no. Open tho door? Tho voico is recognised within ! tho door is slowly opened, and you peep into tho crib ; a cup- board as to size, but occupied by livu or six mun and women. Heaps of stolen gooda uro on tho lluur; but iieithor bindo nor gun is visible. At anuthor crib wu aro repulsed. To tho enquiry 'How? you tooloo mo?' wo answer as before, ?Nu' no;' but inste nd ol' seeing thu door open, wo oatuh u rapid exchange of whispers inside. ' Clo ; you not tooloo mel' erics n voico, nccoin pnuiod by tho click of n rifle. < Dip and slide,' whispers our companion, mid wo Instantly dip mid slide. In Stoat's Alloy, mid in tho ynrda around this stink of Sfpmlor mid iniquity, lodge tho pnrtnors ol' theso thiovos and murderers-tho female slaves. j Lot us get out into tho opon streets ! 'Yon Inivo now seen n littlu of our Chineso quarto!1,' says my companion, as wo outer Lock Sin's leu-houso about two o'clock, anil order a ro frosliiiig cup. ' What you Uuvo seen in Sun Francisco you may sou in Sacramento, Stockton, Sun Juso, and othor towns. Whet-over John plants his loot bo builds a China Town, and pcoplos it with harlots, crimi- nals, and slaves. Wo got somo very choap labour, and our tlnauoiors say thoy nowt cheap labour 1 to develop tho country,' What think you ol' tho prico wo havo to pay lor our development Í Whilo wo aro sipping ton on Lock Sin's bal- cony, n yell comos np from tho street bolow, A Ohineso fight is on. Ah King, n Chinóse scamp, employed by tho city officers, nnd, in tho slang of his Asintió countrymen, such n spy is called n ghost. Of Into this ghost lina been too busy, his colostinl coumrymon think, oven for n pnid spy ; mid two Asiuties, who havo just como out of jail, aro setting on him, ono moon-luco with a hatchet,. tho second moon-faco with a knife. From ovory door In tho stroot swarms out a crowd, nnd in nu instant fifty CbinoBO lnntcrns honvo nttddrop ulong tho flags. 'Exouso mo !' snys my escort, mut boforo I 01111 roply, ho ls gono from my sido, King^ vnniBhos -lifjo a ghost. Moon-fuco" with tho kui In escapes, just as my escort swoops into tho murderous uirelo ; but tho follow with tho hatchet is urrnstcd ,, on tho spot und camed to tho city ward. His woapou, whou exnniinod, proves to bo u long' bindo, sheathed in ii layer uf Que cloth, so., that, in enan of a fatal plunge, tho blood might huvu buen ut once roroovotl, mid tho stainless knife re phioud under tho white smock, us oluiinimtl inuu cout in appoaruuoo us thu sol't-oycd Asintió who hud plunged it into his neighbour's heart. I 