THE ROSE, Siamrock and Thistle 08, OB,."' . 'he Adventures of Three Young Ladies. CHAPTER XXXVI. (Continued).s ;...t :..,...fi{,. }' I" They felt dizzy and s*..:,jv i od' ' Hush !' suddenly said Mrs.s Baoon fwe are pursued. I hear footsteps.! We must run,' cried the Greek; Ssurely theexit is not far distant.' And they exerted themselves with wondrous energy to flee. They entered a large and lofty vault. .,, The. Greek was in advance. : Suddenly he drew himself back with out-stretched arms.' 'Bick ? Certain death is in ad vance.' For about two minutes the lamp had been spluttering, and as he spoke, the last flicker was given, and they found themselves in total darkness. ! 'A fearful gulf lies befrtrus, said the Greekj 'an abyss, of which I could not fathom the depth.' 'stop; in the name of Heaven, stop ! Ye go to death,' gasped a voice and no great distance.' ' Saved '' cried' Edith,; as turning a corner the moollah came nm sight. Undeterred by the presence of others the Moslem priest clasped her fainting, panting form in his arms. S'Just in time,' he murmured, under :his breath. 'The incarnate fiend ! to send you to a fearful doom.' 'O C.uld we not escape 2' asked Mrs. Bacon. ' Scarcely, with an oeperienced guide. You were close on the pit of death when I came up; rent here to diein the most awful way by that vile wretch, the empress-mother.' ' Her interference, then, was treach erous ?' 'Base in the extreme. But whom have we here ?' asked the moollah, glancing at the Greek and Medora with rather a stern and severe cast of coun tenance. Mrs. Bacon explained. Not a moment is to be lost,' said the moollah, in reply ; 'there is much perilious work to be done this night. We must return to the harem, where, if possible, these wretched beings may hide--but at their own peril.' He then turned to the Greek, and explained. ' I am your slave,' said the youth, earnestly ; ' give me a chance for lifet and I will be grateful.' The moollah had it on his lips to speak very harshly of Medora, but he refrained, and bade all hurry after him, as every moment was preoious. His presence was easily and briefly explained. He had reached the heart of the zenana, by the secret way just alluded to, in time to hear the empress, half in soliloqey, half in a triumphant speecb to her interpreter, gloat over the hideous trick she had played upon the giaour girls. There was, to Anyone who knew the way well, a means of exit by the mole, but one not in the secret, must inevi tably fall into the murderer's, pit, the more that she had selected a lamp, which would not last 'more than half an hour. All weore profuse in their expressions of gratitude to the mi o'!ah. Edith, however, used no words, but he had seen the deep, earnest love light ini her eye when snatched from the jaws of death, and that was enough for him. The room from which they had taken their departure with the empress, was now empty. 'Be as calm as .you can,', said the moollah, in a lowf, earnest' whisper, 'and have faith in me.' With which he'left'them, followed by ,the two young Greeks. CHAPTEa XXXVII. 1tH.e BETROTHAL. ' ?y dears,' said Mrs. Bacon, ' what a mercy that we were saved from the machinations of that awful womn.' 'To what good ?' replied Jessie, who never during all the trials separated from the dagger, the tiny instrument of death, which she nlooked upon as her guardian, 'we musa perish sooner or ater.' 'Have courage;' cried Kate, 'see what marvellous escapes we have al ready had.' 'Thanks to the moollah,' murmured Edith. Two of the attendants of the. harerin now .jntered with scent for' their robes and hair. Theylookedrather strangely at the slightly disordered state of their toilette, but probably thinking it the result of their Feringhoe igtorance proceeded to rectify it. Then the girls were finally escorted to the place of honour in the room iind a flourish of trumpets proclaimed: that the ceremony was about to commence. At this. moment the curtains :were. drawn from a doorway, and a young lady supeibly costumed, entered hurriedly. 'What is the matter ?' cried Polly Snapper, rushing up to them, in lhierold imperious way. ' How you' ldok i asl if you'd seen' yourt; graud-mother's ghost. ' "! ,',' , 'Polly !' exclaimed Edith, 'how: glad I am to see you ;, we have missed you much.' '' : ' ' " ': '" * Well, you e,' se .continuid. seating herself~beside'oer9l'd mistress, 'there's a screw loose somewhere; the prince, my suppoosed ~husband,' 'she added, with an ojid little laugh and a blush, 'and the old emperor ain't"thle best of friends.' , 'We have heard that,' said Mrs. Baen.n... .i ' 80 I was ordered to keep away' till. further orders,' she went on; 'it made me tolerably wild. For what was I playing at princess, for, except to serve you ?' 'But you have come now,' urged Edith. ' . 'Yes, but' wlhy? 'The prince re ceived a message this evening, to bid me.,t come, for his uncle was to-mnght todbe betrothed to his 'fiture empress. Whieh- isit to. be ?'. : 'I am the unfortunate,' sighed ,,.? But:' I: understand thait this old "Bueli'e;ad i~vwaiitse;to marry you all three,' said Polly. The girls hung their heads and made no an ser. SWell, cheer up, do,' continued Polly; 'the prince bade me say shat you must b': brave and hbpeful. Strange rumours have reached him, that the emperor will have,presently something else to do, besides marrying and giving in marriage.' 'What do you mean ?' they cried. "Ugl'ffijorts are afllat, and a' mass acre of the christians is talked of.e Be not alarmed, he says, no matter what happens, you wiil be safe,' she con. tinued. , ' Massacre of the Chrisrn ?' gasped Edith. Can that be what the moollah means ?' 'The moollabl' whispered Polly Snapper; 'but that is the man the prince bids me warn you against. He is 'a base traitor to his people and his religion.' Edith turned pale, set her teeth, and for a moment was speechless. Then rousing herself, she spoke in a stern, sharp, hoe:ow tone. 'He is the noblest and thebest ofmen. The prince's prejudices lead him astray ' 'But he is a renegade,' added Po'ly. 'He is a much-wronged man,' who having to chiose between hopeless slavery and the chance of freedom, passed himself for a Moslem, which he never has been in heart,' urged Ethel. 'Just what the prince says,' observed Polly Snapper. ' You put great faith in the prince.' Polly tossed her head, smiled, but did not fail also to blush a little. 'Put not your faith in princes, my old school-mistress used to teach me; hut that's neither here nor thero. All I know is, he promises to save you all, and it's my firm belief he will keep his promise.' At this moment the tuneful melody of such instruments as were usually played in the harem was heard, and a regular proocesslcn of splendidly arrayed damsels and other slaves defiled into the room. They took up. their posts on each aide of the kird of throne which was occupied by the three girls. Teen a stream of attendants entered, bearinig costly presents. Coffe pots of silver and gold, tobacco pouches and pots, pipes, jewels, and the most delicate and elegant little tiligree for coffee and sherbet-such a one as in the present state of the pub lie taste in Belgravia, would have fotahed a fabulous price. The presents were really superb. But there was this about them, that did not coat much at the moment. All the rarities and gems and ex pensive utensils bought for the harem, were in turn ihe property of the reign ing favourite for the time being. 'What a lovely china service,' said Polly, holding up her hand.' 'I should like to smash it,' cried Kate, as the various articles of virtu were laid at their feet. 'Fett:rs and chains would be more suitable,' said Jessie, ' .; ' Sackcloth and ashes.' mused Edith. ' it doi-t make the things less beau. tiful,' said Polly Snapper, ,thought fully. The vreserts having :been i'dieplayed, and ex nined witha distaste aniud list le-sness, which amazcd even the teninft'i of the harerh, they were removed~, and refreshments offered 'around.: This, with smoking,; appears to be the only one thing capable of dissipating the dull, heavy mopotony of the zenana atmosphere. SThis Iart of the ceremony be ng nccomplished, the dan.ers entered, The girls tJok advan:age of this part of the performance to whisper. But the dancing suddenly ceased. A triumphant sound of trumpets was beard without, and to the utter amaze. mcnt of the girls, the empress entered n ga!a array, surrounded by her mo t splendidly dressed women and guards. The gloomy scowl had dissappeared, and in its place was a radiant smile. ' like her best when she is real,' said Kiit~; ' What ew'falsehood Is she about to tell us nowf' She advaniced this time with every mark of de'voti.n and respe?t. She bowed low, and waited. 'Ask her to be seated,' said Polly, who was wonderfully up in the etiquette of the harem. Edith half rose, and polnted to a seat beside her. The empress stared. The manner of that young girl was as lofty and,: dignified, as if she had been born on the steps of the throne. : Of course this was another excuse for atseetmeats, sherbet, anid pipes, after which another and still more resounding sound of trumpets, was heard. AlI half rese as the emneror entered. But he waved for all to be seated. .It appeared, as the girls after.ards utdriastitood, that it was etiiette on this the betrothal day, for the emperor only to show himself for a moment, and then to be exceedingly polite and him ,le. . He approached his mother, appearing to thank her for her presence. He then turned to the girls, who, TImidly, and oh! so gracefully, half rose, : ;i.. , . :. *Wallah !'he said, curling his modus atche with his fingerse. ' These houris ;are ibeautflfl. ,Be seated,' :he added, '.and let the final: ceremony hbe c?irried out.' !?,?? :I : . .? ,. - SSome ,of. 'the attendant slaves ap proached, carrying three superb Cashb. mere shawls,, ofe rare.value, of great size, but whicdh would ?aesily have passed through a womqn's bracelet., They were three as icoh specimens of the beautiful art to which they owed their origin as ever hiad' hen seen. Tne emperor took one of them, ap parently the riohest and the rarest of the lot, and with a courteous smile your Turk is a gentleman when'be likes -handed it to Edith. . Edith, pale and red by turns' looked hopelessly helpless. SBut Polly, smiling, took it, and east it round her waist in graceful folds. The monarch smiled grimly, staring at the London servant girl with all his e es. 'The prince Mirza,' said the empress, with a suggestive smile. The emperor's brow darkened, but politeness overcame his anger, and he was handing the other shawls to Jessie and K~ate when Prince Mirza and the moollah entered. 'Pardon, most gracious emperor, but the city is in a tumult. The people have revolted to the ory of, 'Down with the Christians I' 41Al were astounded at the terrible news, the emperor most of all. The empseror, however, to a certain extent kept calm, cool, and collected, as became his exalted position. 'Let all the women retire,' he said; Swe will adjourn to the council chamber. His orders were obeyed, Polly Snapper going away to her pa!atial home. With which words he rose, his brow dark as midnight, and led the way to his private apartment, followed by the Pince, the moollab, and his guard. SStrike the gong,' he er.ed to the moollah as he cast himself upon his throne. The moollah, who was white with suppressed passion and despair, obeyed, and, attendants coming, the captain of theguard and the governor of the city were ordered at once to attend. Until their arrival the emperor re mained silent and moody, smoking hi pire ,nd sipping coffee strongly laced with brandy. Moderh Moslems have fallen off very much from their old habits. Witness the tbhah of Persia quaffing champagne, the deadly, forbidded drink oftheKoran. Presently the' two officers entered, prostrated themselves and waited for orders. ' Whose do am I,' eried the irate monarobh,' that I should hear from the Prince Mirza of a con templated rebellion in this my capital city ?' The governor piotested that he had never even heard of any such thing. ' Tell him what you know,' said the emperjr, gladhlmself to reach the truth without direOtly askiug. Th, eprinpce explained that numerous hints had reached him from various quarters of an intended movement of a serious chnaracter coming from the disaffected old Moslem party. It was impossible for him to explain how or when the rumour got about; but that it was tree he was certatn. 'As my name was mentioned, and the rebels dared to speak of 1aising me to the throne on the ruins of my sovereign I thought it my duty to come and throw Urys If at your sublime feet and .ffe'r you my s?word.' The emperor looked at him hard.; Odeoital politics is a thing so wholly made up of lies and deceit that this seeming candour of the young prince was for an instanlit looked upon with suspiioon. But his brow cleared in a moment.: 'You hao ddio it,' ?lhbe-aid; ' go, Eula Khan,,parirai t;ie atrlet, armn all your men; aid if?ibh rascals move, bring me a suckfull of .head.-, 'Pour hig ne.s'' orders shall be obeyed,'rep ied lhe governor, gtiug out to .prepare fur. altion. ' You, o plain, gnalrdall Itho entrances to the palate, and gise me notic- of aany disturbance,' ho stid t'i the iesoulbible comm'rnder of the gui.rd. ' And now,' he ad led,: as soon as he was alone with the prince and the moollah,.' let me hear the 'details'of this insensate plot. In the filst place, what is the war cry ?' " This was said with a savage sense of knowing all ab>,ut it buforthand. ' Your highncs, will pardon my boldness,' said the prince, with a low bow, 'butit was whispered by those who if named, would never be ounfidental again, that your highness gives your self up too much to renegades and Feringhees.' The moollah smiled sarcastically.' 'Wallah l' cried the emperor, sav agely, biting his moustache. ' Who is master in Morocco? But go on let me hear how far these treasonous dogs have gone.' 'Your highmes, they complain of the Moollah IIsfiz, and they fear the three Chri-tian eomen may still further lead you sway from the paths indicated bythe prophet. La lllah il Allah, Malanmmned resoul if A /ah. The empero: frownol darkly. 'I am your sacrifice,' said tho moollah coldly. I can return to my mosque. THow wildly beat his heart. No,' rcplied the potenta'e, magnani mously, ' 'ou shall remain, and we will shoa thete rebel dogs how muoh we Scount upoe them, by publicly wedding the three aoglish houris toumorrow. 'I leave the care of the palace in your hand. I shall expect to find you at my bedide in the morning.' And his gait slightly tottering, the emperor riss, summoned his personal attendants, and left the pr;nce and moollah toether. CIAPTEI XXXVIII. :UROEST PRIVATE AFFAIRS. D?aP silece followed the emperor's departure. The two men stood aloff in .earnest meditation. ' You aplear grave, my friend,' said thd: prmnce, ather kindly-like most of those educted in England, he no longer beliewd much in Mahommedism, just'as Tur]s educated in France cease to believe ii anything. 'I am,' It replied; ' but why should I trouble your highness with my sorrows. 'Hatiz,' ontinued the other, addrees ing him in English, 'do not treat me as a prlnce, the future emperor, but as the friend :nd ally of the three unfor tunate Ohrirtian girls.' The moolah raised his hands, clas ped them tgether, and sighed deeply. 'On m" soul and word,' said the prince, solhanly, 'you can trust me. I swear it 'y my father's tomb.' I.o Asia-io, save one of very low grade, ever 2roke this oath. '1 am the author of the proposed in surrection. Knowing you would not illuse the cnperor, I proposed to put you in his ptace, and thus save the girls,' he sad, slowly but proudly. ' Mashatlh, what is this I lear?' said the prince, hs'faoe flushed and hot; ' I emperor I' ' Ye,, youw highness ?' 'laut you have some personal mo. tice V' asad the prince. ' I love the girl whom the emperor would mate his bride. In my own country, I am almost a prinje, snd would retina thither.' The prince turned white with horror. L You a Moelem prince?' he gasped, 'I an in your hands,' he faltered forth, ' do with me as you will.' ' I have sworn ; beslies, after, all, you wcre forced to assume a religion in which you do not believe any more than-ahem!' said the prinee, coughing behitd his hand. He was about to go a little too far. ' Your highoess was saying--' 'sever mind. The observation woull have been an idle one. In what I haie done, I saw only a way of es cape .or you.' Tie moollah disgraced, and the women exiled, the discontent would be at tte end. S] can see your highness meant us welland kindly,' replied the moollah, ' bu; I am afraid all hope of esoape is go,.' 'No, by Heaven, no I To-morrow I wili get the.moollah of the mosque El Hiim, who is the idol of all the fanuaics, and his wild horde of dervishes to demand audience with the emperor. 'Ile must grant it.' 'Of course. Now, no matter what his passion, he dare not harm them. The7 will thunder againsthim, tell him he il no true 3loslem, and even refuse him admistion into Paradice,' said the prince, with a sneer. ' Butashould his majesty be obdura!e?' asked the moullab. 'Then the reb?.s must be called in,' he said. 'You c?n go forth see the chiefs, the priest, and the heads of the sailors and the rabble. Bid them be quie~ until to morrow. Here, take the signet ring,' he added, ' with many whse names I will give you; I will s?uffie. Bid them wait until two hours aifer sundown to-morrow.' ' And then ?' 'A white flag over the yellow tower will say ' All is well;' a red streamei', 'The emperor is obstinate," said the prince, coolly. Such family and social revolutions ex cite v'ry little feeling among the phlegmatic Moors. . 'In which case, you will head the: insurrection,' he replied. ~ On my head be it,' said the prince ,anding £ni his signet ring and a list 5ofnames in Arabia on a tarlet; ' Yad ? hadbeiter call at my palace. Ask for Selim the kabouchie, and bid him say to Biba M'amma, I shall not return for some hours.' 'I am your sacrifice,' replied the moollab, ' we heid further conference with the prince;, and then prepared .te retire.' SNow, strangely enough, the cautiou, and suspicions emperor had given strict ordeirs for the prince not to be allowed to leave the palace, but he said not; a word of the moollah. '.I will call Kemp. the black,' the prince said, 'and let him see I am re signed. RAly upon it, I am a prisoners but malke no rewa k.' ..ie olappd his habds. (To bo Continwel) 