) ' T H E P U A N T 0 M MINER/ i ("A atori/ of the old gold digging daye,) ( " Tell you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale: old ) gentleman of 70 years. "Well, I will relate a peculiar affair'tbat happened on Tiillmans G-ully, in 1859." S We were .all attention, and listened to the very remark- f able narrative he related in the following manner : / " You must know," commenced my uncle, " that I and ) four mates were living in a tent on tnc banks or tuc river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ) we were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our evcryd.ay's ' work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were ) every night disturbeil in our rest by the clink, clink, clink of a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This ' confounded noise always commenced .at midnight, and did ) not cease until the break of day. One night we were . determined to sec who it was ; so we sallied forth in the bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel 1 shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an . old claim which had been deserted for many ye.ars. I was chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger ; > . but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, . transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's clothe.s was no living man, hut a sheloton ) " Uncle Ned 1 " we all cried, " how fearful." " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- ' to-do' looking man, of about fifty years of age, who I enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. He told us that in '51 he and a mate of his deserted from ' one of Her Majesty's ships, and started for the Tallm.ans ( gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to ' .see about some letters. Before he went, he said to his ( mate, ' Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the claim, for a day until I come back.'. Bob promised, and ' they p.aited. ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- ) digger, ' and there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on board ; and now that I have obtained my discharge, I ' have hastened up here to find my old chum.' ' You will I see him to-night,' I said ; ' but you'll find him very much .changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the ' phantom's pick was heard, and we all turned out. 'Ahl' cried the sailor, ' there's dear old Bob. Bob, here I am back. Bob, speak to ine.' He r.an to the figure, which turned its hideous face on him. With a loud shrdek the seeker fell senseless on the ground. The ghost threw down its pick, and- vanished. In the morning we discovered tke poor sailor a raving lunatic." " Oh, uncle Ned, what a fearful story." "Well, you asked me to tell, you, a story, and I have done so.' " Then, it is not true ? " " Well, said our uncle, laughing, " it is as true as many of the absurd yarns that got about during the raging of the gold fever. Ah, those were strange days, when men would undergo any amount of. privation for a few ounces of gold. How different it is now; for should a man be pushed for a, large cr small amount all that he has to do is to hare'.aii interview with ' DAVID HENRY, "of 52 Collins street east. Who has from £5 to £10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with or without security), salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, on expected rcmittahces, or on moneys per sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowei-s. , , Bills discounted d.ailj' at the lowest rate of interest, and mortgages from' G per cent.- f r: 