Ghost Stories, Marvels, Christmas Beading. FBOM time immemorial ghostly narratives have been regarded as appropriate to the Christmas season. Following in the wake of custom, we present a few narratives of this description to our readers, leaving it to them to decide whether the said narratives are true or false, and premising that although in cold weather we might possibly be very critical with regard to such stories, yet just at this season of the year our faith is specially elastic, and consequently we are disposed to treat all stories that can boast of a reasonable show of evi- dence in their favour with great consideration and respect. Our first tale we take from Mr. Owen's " Footfalls on the Boundaries of Another World." It is perhaps one of the best authenticated ghost stories extant. The spiritualists regard it as a narrative of facts; but we leave our readers to form their own opinion on this point. TEE 14TH OF NOVEMBER. In the month of September, 1857, Captain Q. W., of the 6th Inniskilling Dragoons, went out to India to join his regiment. His wife remained in longland, residing at Cam- bridge. On the night between the 14th and 15th of November, 1857, towards morning, she dreamed that she saw her husband, looking anxious and ill -upon which she immediately awoke, much agitated. It was bright moonlight ; and, looking up, she perceived the same figure standing by her bedside. He appeared in his uniform, the hands pressed across the breast, the hair dishevelled, the face very pale. His large dark eyes were fixed full upon her ; their expression was that of great excitement, and there was a peculiar contraction of the mouth, habitual to him when agitated. She saw him, even to each particular of his dress, as distinctly as she had ever done in her life, and she remembers to have noticed between his hands the white of the shirt bosom-unstained, however, with blood. The figure seemed to bend forward, as if in pain, and to make an effort to speak, but there was no sound. It remained visible, the wife thinks, as long as a minute, and then disappeared. Her first idea was to ascertain if she was actu- ally awake. She rubbed her eyes with the sheet and felt that the touch was real. Her little nephew was in bed with her. She bent over the sleeping child and listened to its breathing ; the sound was distinct, and she became convinced that what she bad seen was no dream. It need hardly be added that she did not again go to sleep that night. Next morning she related all this to her mother, expressing her, conviction, though she had noticed no marks of blood upon his dress, that Captain W. was either killed or grievously wounded. So fully impressed was she with the reality of that apparition, that she henceforth refused all invita- tions. A young friend urged her, soon afterwards, to go with her to a fashionable concert, reminding her that she had received from Malta, sent by her husband, a handsome dress cloak which she had never yet worn. But she positively declined, de- claring that, uncertain as she was whether she was not already a widow, she would never enter a place of amusement until she had letters from her hus- band (if, indeed, he still lived) of later date than the 14th of November. It was on a Tuesday in the month of December, 1857, that the telegram regarding the actual fate of Captain W. was published in London. It was to the effect that he was killed before Luck- now on the fifteenth of November. 1 The news, given in the morning paper, attracted the attention of Mr. Wilkinson, a London solicitor, who had in charge Captain W.'s affairs. When at a later period this gentleman met the widow, she informed him that she had been quite prepared for the melancholy news, but that she felt sure her husband could not have been killed on the 15th of November, inasmuch as it was during the night between the 14th and 15th that he appeared to herself. In a footnote, Mr. Owen says :-" The difference of longitude between London and Lucknow being about five hours, three or four o'clock a.m. in Lon don.would be eight or nine o'clock a.m. at Luok i now. But it was in the afternoon, not m the ' morning, as will be seen in the sequel, that Captain W. was killed. Had he fallen on the 15th, therefore, the apparition to his wife would have , appeared several hours before the engagement in ? which he fell, and while he was yet alive and , well." The certificate from the War Office, however» i which it became Mr. Wilkinson's duty to obtain, confirmed the date given in the telegram, its tenor being as follows : "No. 9579 over 1. "War Office, " 30th January, 1858. *' These are to certify that it appears by the records in this office, that Captain G. W., of the 6th Dragoon Guardp, was killed in action on the loth November, 1857« "(Signed) B. HAWES." Mr. Owen says in a footnote :-" Into this certifi- cate, of which I possess the original, an error has crept. Captain G. W. was of the 6th Inniskilling Dragoons, not of the 6th Dragoon Guards." While Mr. Wilkinson's mind remained in uncer- tainty as to the exact date, a remarkable incident occurred, which seemed to cast further suspicion on the accuracy of the telegram and of the certifi- cate. That gentleman was visiting a friend, whose lady has all her life had perception of apparitions, while her husband is what is usually called an impressible medium ; facts which are known, however, only to their intimate friends. Though personally acquainted with them, I am not at liberty to give their names. Let us call them Mr. and Mrs. N. Mr. Wilkinson related to them, as a wonderful circumstance, the vision of the captain's widow in connection with his death, and described the figure as it had appeared to her. Mrs. N., turning to her husband, instantly paid, " That must be the very person I saw the evening we were talking of India and you drew an elephant, with a howdah on his back." Mr. Wilkinson here described his exact position and appearance ; the uniform of a British officer, his hands pressed across his breast, his form bent forward as if in pain. " The figure," she added to Mr. W., " appeared just behind my hus- band, and seemed looking over my left shoulder." " Did you attempt to obtain any communication from him ?" Mr. Wilkinson asked. " Yes, we procured one through the medium of my husband." "Do you remember its purport? " " It was to the effect that he had been killed in India that afternoon by a wound in the breast ; and adding, as I distinctly remember, ' that thing I used to go about in is not buried yet/ I particu- larly remarked the expression." " When did this happen ? " " About nine o'clock in the evening several weeks ago ; but I do not recollect the exact date." " Can you not call to mind something that might fix the precise day ?" Mrs. N. reflected. "I remember nothing," she said at last, " except that while my husband was drawing, and I was talking to a lady friend who had called to see USJ we were interrupted by a servant bringing in a bill for some German vine- gar, and that, as I recommended it as being su- perior to English, we had a bottle brought in for inspection." " Did you pay the bill at the time ?" " Yes, I sent out the money by the servant." " Was the bill receipted?" "Ï think so; but I have it upstairs, and can soon ascertain." Mrs. N. produced the bill. Its receipt bore date the 14th of November I This confirmation of the widow's. conviction as to the day of her husband's death produced so much impression on Mr. Wilkinson that he called at the office of Messrs. Cox and Greenwood, the army agents, to ascertain if, there was no mistake in the certificate. But nothing there appeared to confirm any surmise of inaccuracy. Captain W.'s death was mentioned in two separate despatches of Sir Colin Campbell, and in both the dates cor« 1 responded with that given in the telegram. So matters rested, until in the month of March 1858, the family of Captain W. received from Captain G. C, then of the military train, a letter dated near Lucknow, on the 19th of Decem- ber, 1857. This letter informed them that Captain W. had been killed before Lucknow while gallantly leading on the squadron, not on the 15th of No- vember as reported in Sir Colin Campbell's des- patches, but on the 14th in the afternoon. Captain C. was riding close by his side at the time he saw him fall. He was struck by a fragment of shell in the breast and never spoke after he was hit. He was buried at the Dilkoosha ; and on a wooden cross, erected by his friend Lieutenant B,, of the 9th Lancers, at the head of his grave, are cut the initials " G. W." and the date of his death, the 14th of November, 1859. The War Office finally made the correction as to the date of death, but not until more than a year after the event occurred. Mr. Wilkinson having occasion to apply for an additional copy of the certificate in April, 1857, found it in exactly the same words as that which I have given, only that the 14th of November had been substituted for the 15th. This extraordinary narrative was obtained by me directly from the parties themselves. The widow of Captain W., kindly consented to examine and correct the manuscript, and allowed me to inspect a copy of Captain C.'s letter, giving the particulars of her husband's death. To Mr. Wil- kinson, also, the manuscript was submitted, and he. assented to its accuracy so far as he is con- cerned. That portion which relates to Mrs. N"., I had from that lady herself. I have neglected no precaution, therefore, to obtain for it the warrant of authenticity. It is, perhaps, the only example on record where the appearance of what is usually termed a ghost proved the means of correcting an erroneous date in the despatches of a commander-in« chief, and of detecting an inaccuracy in the certificate of a War Office. It is especially valuable as furnishing an ex- ample of a double apparition. Nor can it be alleged (even if the allegation had weight) that the recital of one lady caused the apparition of the same: figure to the other. Mrs. W. was at the time in Cambridge and Mrs. N. in London, and it wa«* not till weeks after the occurrence that either knew what the other had seen. Those who would explain the whole on the prin- ciple of chance coincidence have a treble event to take into account-the apparition to Mrs. N,, that to Mrs. W., and the actual time of Captain W,'a death. 