THERE is quite a touching simplicity and faith in the power of assertion amongst some of the protectionists of this colony, and notably in that very consistent public moraliser | the Age. It is how‘some’fifteen or sixteen • yqara 'agolsince .that. Journal madethe; grand' ! discoyety r , that grown tiyed of free-trade, and that the?time was at hand when I British manufactures would be annihilated by the influx of foreign . goods, for which, of the hypothe3is, -there would • be.jno means of paying. During the long period of 'jeremiads, ; sundry ; . British r .atatesmen ...have, ! declared that the commerce of the country had ; adyanced.by hops and hounds, and one or two trusted 'fnends of : the ■ have ; demonstrated'thatthoseclasses. were never so | well off as at the present time. These cheerful things have only made" the Age more woe begone and dismal, and it is- perpetually find out mU sorte pf signs. and tokens of ,the failure of free-trade and the downfall of British com merce. Like the students of prophecy, it is never daunted; and the failure ’ of ■ one :hypor thesis only leads to the immediate oonstruc-i tiori of another. If the first Napoleon fails; “the nephew of iny uncle" succeeds, arid when he topples in hidebus ruih-and combus tion down, does not Bismarck, Karl Beacons field, or the Emperor of Germany remain ? The number of the beast can be found almost anywhere and-ih anythipg, if people are only resolved to find.it, and the Age brings out that number in almost everything that is or .can be said to show that there is even in- Great Britain something winch may yet be improved. If.a cargo of American iron, by any chance, is sent across thd Atlantic, the colony is at once told . that free-trade has failed, ahdinabput to give up the ghost.. A few extra -imports of ordinary Sheffield manufactures are, of course, a proof , r that Sheffield ; will ahut up shop; and that the United States, i'which seem to!,? be . .the, commercial- Antichrist of the Age, is about to swallow up all before them, 1 The' state of that country does notin the least affect the argument. The logic is so extremely sound; and the; reasoning so acute, that whilst a strike for lugher: wages, presumably a sign' of prosperity, ihOEngland shows .the ruinous results of free-trade, wide spread misery, ruin, almost revolution, become proofs of the success of protection in America No one who has not followed closely the process of reasoning, if such it can be : called, can have the least idea, pf the curious jumble of facts and figures, and of the flagrant way in which matters are distorted to make out a case. For fifteen years this has: been going on; for fifteen years the Age has persisted that there was an end to free-trade in Great Britain; for fifteen years the jeremiads have been written, and the end declared to be close at hand. Tet, at the present time the same ■ things are : repeated and' the same prophecies made, just as if they had never failed or been proved to be utterly absurd. .While the Age, with a child-like and bland faithin its own' cuteness, is telling ns that free-trade baa failed, and is acknowledged to have done so, we read in one bt the first English magazines the asser tion, which is generally accepted, that protec tion is the breed of the political imbeciles, which is, rough on the Age and its predictions. Indeed, there nothing more wonderful than the unanimity about free-trade in Great Britain. Many. yrho were, protectionists still remain in public life/ but they are protectionists no longer, and would as soon think of returning to the creed which they once held as of bring ing back the times of the Tudors or the Stuarts, They are able to see that the facts are against them. . Not being blessedi with the peculiar logical faculty of the Victorian paper, they do not perceive that they were right after all, and that free-trade is dying amidst the curses of a ruined- people, .swamped with oceans of foreign goods, for_ which nobody can pay. These. discoveries are all made at the other side of the world, and are generally based on .some quite isolated and eccentric opinion. There are, and ever will.be, currency doctors, persons who not believe that the world is round, and who want a “ Bible worldthere are folks who pooh-pooh Newton, as Swift did; and there' are, of course, some who shudder and despair when they hear that Belgium has made a locomotive or the United States a new nutcracker. ■ Reasonable .writers do not trouble themselves about these matters, as they see that they are isolated- facts, and prefer to deal with the general evidence before them. The Age 'seizes' bn each and straightway converts it into a rule, and proceeds to pro phecy more suo, undeterred by failure and un abashed by ridicule. We admire the ' stolid perseverance of our contemporary, which is as simple in these matters to-day as it was fifteen years ago, but we put it to his prophetic soul, can he expect belief when so many predictions have failed? Fifteen years or more after the first prediction was made of the failure of free-trade, English writers agree that protec tion is the creed of the political imbeciles, and the Age clings to it, add sets to work to vamp up. fresh prophecies., . The dinner given by the Mayor of the City on Monday night was, in several respects, remark able. In the first place, never before were so many ex-councillors brought. together at one time, and so many of those who have helped municipally to make - Ballarat what it is assembled. To look round the room .was for an old identity to see at once the history of the . town. There were present Mr J. Oddie, the first chairman of the first borough council, who helped, in the beginning of. the great things how visible, a councillor who only came into office a few days ago, and all the inter mediate /links of the great chain. ,It "was instructive to hear the various speakers, as showing how the : place- has made way, and the vicissitudes which it has under gone., f Despite some shght differences -of opinion, which , only helped to show a healthy public spirit and self- reliance,? there was ample evidence of earnest work done , for the good of the town, and done, too, without any further hope of reward than a tardy ac knowledgment by the ratepayers. It was ad mitted, of course, that mistakes had been made. Those who looked back on the past, after a lapse of many years, could see, by the light of larger experience, where blunders had been committed, but,,on the whole, the meeting had aright to feel proud of what most of those present had helped to accomplish. Sir Joshua Reynolds used to say that a picture was not made to be smelled at, but to be looked at from a proper distance, and we may say that it -is not the duty of councillor,, ex- councillor, or journalist, to lay bareeverydetail of past actions. They have but to regard the general results. It may be tiiat in. working out’ ' those ■ results some unpleasant things have occurred, but these have nothing to do with the ends achieved, with is it' Worth for any- himadfej Some few allusions 'to diferencea j were aud one ex councillor Ua&l;'.of blunders, adopting th4 v plan- .of producing a Councillorsand ex-councillors knew, no doubt, that they were falli hi a. hflinga ..without. this „xeminder,and, the,, meeting.. ;?ent. cheerfuUy, on ,its, Way,, . and, showed a hearty, good feeling- anflvappfeciatidn of ' what" has been done, if not always-wisely, with at least the -desire : t(f hot with wisdom. But the most pleasant-, part of the; whole pfo= ceedihgs %asi'the ; many : referenoea’‘to;;thb in creased prosperity of All Were agreed that-a period-of 'dulhess-ha'd passed away, and niucli Was: 'skid ■ Shout the silver lining to the cloud, ■: At some previoUs gafcherings of . the kind wh have felt as if there prevailed a ■plucky, , determination to work out.a difficult, problem, bnt at the one on Monday evening,;it'seemed 1 to,-be; felt that the problem had been;solvedi T ; thatthe. difficult corner had been turned, mid' that the road to prosperitylay: atraight before us all ; Faith was expressed in the agricul tural district;- faitb in the < quarts ■ lodes; and feith in the effect of railways oh, the town, the whole making up a most agreeable and some what noveb creed, and yet one to which, excep? tion can scarcely be taken. Whilst councillors were claiming credit for what, they; had done, and doing what they, wore fairly entitled to, it occurred'to us that many of the things set forth 'as'novel discoveries had.-beeh advocated in the Press; long before they were heard ipf, in the'Oity OouheiL'- Modesty," custom, and the late.houf forbade;’ of course, aiiy reference to .such .matters when the' time-honored toast ;of “ The Press ” was responded to, but such reflections arose naturally put of the speeches, and went to make up the . general whole of the' occasion. - One reference was made wMch it is surprising; should; r be;re quired, and that was, to the union of the two Ballarats. Everybody appears to hold it to be de sirable, and yet no one is of opinion that it can be ' managed. ! What is the occult : influence which sets one-half the town against the other 1 Who are they: who; will , hot, opine in I'. We think that it is time that good sense prevailed in . this matter, and that the Water Commisslon and the .union were dealt with at once:; Union would, greatly simplify matters, and decrease expenses, and there is not, as far as we. can see, the slightest reason why; it should' not be brought about. The .harmony .of Monday’s meeting is a proof that many burning questions have flared themselves out, burned down in the socket . and; : stunk, so to Vapeak, -sp ;that the times seem to be ripe, for doing-what only a few years ago appeared to be impossible. 