PRINCE BISMARCK- Br G. M. C. ! Oa earth peace to men of good wilt" These concluding words of the most I glorious salutation ever addressed to humanity unfortunately cannot include under their amplest foids . of charity one •nan at least—aud that nun—Bismarck! The man of " blood and iron " sits alone, feajed and not loved, even by his own people, a solitary Prince among Potentates, a ruler of men, with the necks of Kings and the liberties of the people under his feet, and more than one puissant army prepared to do his fell bidding. But the wail of the devastation he has wrought and is now working, the tears of the widows and' fatherless, smite him as the fiery handwriting on the wall, smote Belshazzar when he feasted and drank from the holy vessels of the humiliated Jews. Not all the earth and honors of the East could give happiness to Naaman, for Naaman was a leper, and a worse leprosy than Naaman's, for it is moral and not physical, clings to Bismarck and " makes him one pollution." Minute Denmark, robbed of some of her finest provinces and, still harder to bear of her noble children, curses his Germany and though she be but a " little one"" among the nations, the curses of thi wronged poor may shake eveu the palaces of the evil great and powerful. Austria humiliated by the despot, threatens him through the fierce Slavonic portion of her population. France measured physical^- and geographically, and then mapped out for conquest and then deliberately assaulted (when weakened by excess), vanquished and robbed of two Provinces and two hundred million sterling, stands calmly on the graves of her children and drills legons for revenge. Poland, while Russia the violator of her faith, territory and nationality, conquers in the East, awed by Bismark's armies, dare not move hand or foot. And what of Great Britain! Bismarck, always confcemptious to her iu his public utterances, snaps his fingers in her face and utters the words (by his deeds—which speak louder than words) sic vole, sic jubeo, and, by the last accounts, Great Britain declines to interfere while the work of spoliation goes on. One thing she does, huwever. Faced at last by the man of " blood and iron ' she i!.t length recognizes her own danger and by "additions to lier army " stealthily feels, at the last moment, for the sword which for her own safety and the integrity of her vast empire, she should have unsheathed long since. Mr Gladstone, like the intellectual nucleus of some illfated comet, eccentric in its course and finally destined to fall into some pitiless sun, but dragging, meanwhile, in its semiluminous train half the ignorant' stars' of the British Empire—Gladstone perhaps discovers now at last, that lie is only an ignis faiuus on the Eastern Question. If the complex problems of diplomacy could be solved by, .a double first-class school boy, or graduate, who has taken honors in classics or mathematics, then might the great and deeply read Mr Gladstone, aspire to lead his fellow-countrymen in matters public. But hoodwinked by Russia, bamboozled by Bismarck, intensely honest, credulous and learned, adopting the creeds of Millenium-inongers at one moment, and of ' positivisfcs' at the next, liis pen, his tongue, and his thoughts are swayed hither and thither as easily as the pendulum of a clock, or as the axe which he wields so deftly and with which he cleaves down trees. Only one British statesmen of note, and he a Jew by descent (D'lsraeli) understood the danger to the British Empire from the begiuing of the present war and would have seized the disturber of the peace of nations by the throat and crushed Jiim if he had he not been hindered by his colleagues and by the ignorant portion of the British nation led by the honestbut impracticable Gladstone. But " business" must not be interfered with. Cartilage must oti manufacturing, buying, selling and getting gain with the eyes shut until the Roman thunders at the gate and then she drops her working apron, wipes the sweat from her brow, and finds perhaps that she is tot> late ! De Tucqueville the most philosophical and profoundly ob servant of political writers—and ' aristocrat' by birth, education, and proclivities writing so ' judicially and impartially as to be mistaken for a democrat, because he recorded not what he thought sho'ild be but about actually was—De Tocqueville to whom the United States appeal as an authority for an analysis of their own Constitutional law—has pointed out the absurdity of the attempt of Great Britain to 'stand alone.' If one great insular Empire, close to the shores of continental Europe, (the latter bristling with millions of armed men and all the enginryoE deadly modern warfare) could monopolize the trade of the world add colony to colony and fleet to fleet without awakening one feeling of jealousy iu powerful but poorer nations, then all would do welL But while the strong needy men armed—little Germany —and officered and directed by the creature of "blood and iron" keeps watch and ward, not "on the Rhine" alone, but with covetous eyes on the only parti! ally protected wealth and commerce of the world, and especially of England then beware! Napoleon (the "great") it is true, tried to monopolize all power and all empire, and, in spite of his vast genius, and still vaster duplicity, he fell and "fell ignominiously But although Bismark aims as high and plota as deeply, his ambition is not for great conquests for the glory they bring, but for theirproft. That grand'intellect is a trader in human flesh, a deliberate shedder of human blood, because by that means only can Germany secure " the loaves and the fishes." Ambitious and unscrupulous men have, before now, waded through seas of duplicity to rank and fortune. Bismarck is -battling through Btorms of blood and floods of tears to national wealth and universal empire. When France pud him her two hundred millions fine,-nearly in cash, his only expressed regret was, not for her povety stricken population, but for the fact that n he i*^ °t known she had saved so much or he would hare asked more ! Pitiless as the tiger he devours humanity as his daily food. Layman and Cleric alike pass under the yoke and through the curriculum. of his public schools. He drills minds and consciences, with the same calm deliberation as that vith which he cuts throats when they get in the way of his designs. Humanity—body, mind, and soul,—must present arms to the pitiless despotism of his will, or ground them at the harsh word of his command. Sidrach, Misach,' and Abdenago most bow down and worship the image Nabuchodonoser his Prime' Ifinwter, Bismarck, or else there remaineth nothing biffc the furnace of burning fire. A. whole nation, jolid, hard-working, and unobtrusive, its ordinary state, has been -drilled by this despot into a condition utterly foreign to its natural proclivities. A very able reviewer (in thę jryiu;) of the life of Emilo Castelar,! thii gr-sat Republican statesmen, scholar, atid {what would please many men at: the present Say hut W)i- the writer) Soeptic, of the Lit in and Teutonic races. " The German represents the individual, the Latin the social element of humanity, and to establish the perfect equation of these two is the problem of modern statesmanship and the foundation of eqvality. In a word the modern mati is derived from Gar;n:iuy.—Modern society from France.' The fundamental error of our times, he considers to be a misconception of the fact that liberty and authority are both elements essential to human life. Hence— and let the " rising generation " "of Australia ponder these words —owing to the hatred of authority exhibited " all Bocial discipline threatens to disappear from inodern life." Readers will recolloct that this awful anticipation, which the superficial observer of thesigns of the times' as well as the most profound thinker-of our day must admit to be apparently proximately realizable,—is not the opinion of a 111:111 "if this or that creed, butot the ablest •scej)fic of modern Europe. His reviewer says uf him (of course, approvingly) " he (Castelar) makes you feel that his scepticisin isas devout (!) as Spinoza's." Nowthis ] stern Teuton—thus free and ' individualized ' what has become of him under tho autocracy of a Bismarck 'i The man of "blood and iron" deliberately crushed under foot iu his native land, the liberty of the Press," the freedom of debate, the right to print or utter what the free mind conceived in matters political. All this he did not by reason but by his favorite weapons, " blood avid iron," aud against the will of his countrymen whose full suf- frages he never received until he stood amidst the l-uius of France and waved his sword East, West, North and South over desecrated altars And desolated homes. But tiiat which represented the ghost of the commonality, the individual — acquired a palpable shape and form in times of peace—when ' blood and iron ' could 110 Itniger tell—(ariwi ceduiit U>'J(C,) aud Bismarck, after a struggle, retired to his Pomeranian Forest home like the wild bore, there to ponder over and mature new schemes of duplicity, and triumph for the Fatherland to" be attained by wading through fresh seas of blood. Wr etched must be that nation or family whose grandeur is fouuded on wrong doing. The blood of Naboth, the despoiled wife of Uriah, rise up, spectre like to check the fulfilment of the hidden lust for what Heaven says is not ours. Better cast down the proud aud longing eyes and pass meekly by wealth aud power and station or that which is not ours—either in wife or tenement or empire than raise them and perish in the evil wish that is so easily realized when there is the strong human will to back it. In these days when men will not believe in either answers to prayer, or in the miraculous there is still within them something which tells of a good or evil influence which they are free to abandon themselves to or to withstand. When a man is struck down with a blasphemy on his lips iu a false appeal to Heaven—as one occasionally is even the careless wili stand still awe struck aud listen while " philosophers " shut themselves in their inner chambers aud by alembic and retort, by physical enquiries aud metaphysical romance, attempt to account for this singular phe- nomenon. Their speculations have been no more satisfactorj' hitherto than those about a world without a maker, a thinker without the Creator of all thought. The solution of the two problems will probably appear at the same moment and be as enlightening to the public as dissertations now are on the nature of electricity and on the origin of life ! But this the writer confesses is an aside.—[To be concluded in our next.] 