THE THEATRES, ETC. By "Adagio," Mr. Sam Emery, the popular character actor, appeared at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening in a short domestic drama, founded upon the romance of " The Miller's Maid," and entitled "Revenge." Mr. Emery's assumption of the character of Giles, the Yerkshireman, was a masterly one. It is a part in which a less ex perienced and less talented actor would be very prone to overdo, if not actually buries pie, the violent feelings of discarded love, jealousy, de spair, and revenge with which the whole soul of the passionate miller's man, Giles, is pos sessed. Deeply and passionately in love with the miller's maid, Phoebe, bis nature is such that he cannot brook a rival in bis affec tions, and, least of all, such a rival as Geerge, the sailor lad, who comes from nobody knows where, and is going nobody knows when. Mr. Emery was very successful in portraying varying passion, and in the final aet, where he overcomes his aversion, and after a severe struggle gives Phoebe to his rival George, his splendid acting won for him a long and enthusiastic burst of applause. Phoebe found a very good representative in Miss Solange Novaro, and perhaps more than ordinary care and skill was displayed in the representation of the other characters, viz,, George, Mr. H. H. Vincent ; the miller, Mr. Stuart O'Brien; Matty Marvellous, Mr. C. H. Taylor; and the miller's dame, Mrs. Edouin Bryer. Mr. H. Sefton would have been more successful as Old Granger if he had looked and acted more like a lame soldier than like a man who was merely pretending lame ness, and could rise and dispense with his crutch at will. The performance concluded with "Heart's Delight." Mr Emery was to take his benefit last (Friday) night, and as a mark of respect and good- will, Mr. George Rignoid has postponed his departure for New Zealand, in order to give his assistance. He will play the wooing scene from " Henry V." Mr. Creswick took a valedictory benefit at the Prince of Wales's Opera-house on Saturday wight. The performance was under the patronage of his Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen, neither of whom, however, were present, owing to the serioos indisposition of a member of tho vioe-regal family. The boose was., well, filled, The pieces, selected were " William Tell," and Coleman's comedy, " The" Jealous Wife." Mr. Creswick was most cordially reoaived by the audience, who called him before the curtain at the termination of each act. At the conclusion of the first piece he was was again called on, greeted with deafening applause, and made the recipient of innumerable bouquets and wreaths. The heneficiaire, after bowing his acknowledgments, said : — ''Ladies and Gentlemen, — Allow me briefly to thank ycu for the very cordial manner in which yon have xe- ceived me, not only to-night, but whenever I have had the honour of appearing before you since I arrived in MelbQurne. Did I tbink that this was my last appearance before you, I should feel very differently to what I do to-night. This evening concludes the 156 th night on which I have had the pleasure of appearing before a Mel bourne audience, and on every successive even ing I have met with a most fiattoring reception. Next week I leave for a neighbouring colony, where I shall fulfil an engagement, and subse quently I shall visit New Zealand and Adelaide, after which I trust I shall have the honour of again appearing before the Melbourne public prior to my bidding the colonies a last farewell. Once more I desire to thank you all most heartily for the very cordial reception you have on every occasion given me. Especially permit me to thank the gentlemen of the Press for the very friendly and flattering notices they have invariably bestowed upon me. To the ladies and gentlemen of the profession with whom I have had the pleasure of co-operating I have also to offer my most hearty thanks for the consideration they have at all times extended to me. But perhaps, above all, I have to thank both Mr. and Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis for their very liberal manner of placing the pieces in which I«have appeared under their manage ment upon the stage. I may particularly refer to "Henry VIII." and " Macbeth," which were produced without any consideration as to cost in their preparation and mounting. Once more I thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your great kindness, and permit me to reiterate that, were this a final farewell, I should feel the parting more acutely than I do now, when I merely bid you adieu for a brief period." Mr. Creswick retired amidst another aud prolonged round of applause. On Monday night, Mr. Theodore Hamilton, a young American actor, who has for some years done leading business at Ford's Opera-house, Baltimore, made his appearance, iu conjunction with Mr. Charles Wheatleigh, at this house, in a novel dramatisation of " The Lady of the Lake," the novelty consisting of the delivery by the dramatis personce of the whole of the speeches in metrical verse. Necessarily, only fragmentary portions of the poem are dramatised, these consisting of the adventures of the Knight of Suowdou (King James V.) during his romantic quest in search of Roderick Dhu ; his visit to the Douglas Castle, and meeting with Ellen Douglas ; the quarrel between Roderick and Malcolm Graeme, rivals for Ellen's hand ; the sending forth of the fiery cross, the King's punishment of Red Murdoch for the murder of Blanche of Devon, his Majesty's terrible duel with Roderick after the latter has led him safely out of the mountains, Roderick's death, the King's discovery of his identity to Ellen, his pardon of her father and lover, and finally the burning of Roderick's body by the Clan Alpine of which he was chief. It will be seen that all the more dramatic incidents of Sir Walter Scott's famous work have been seized upon for stage effect. The mode of their arrangement is not at all bad, the sequence being maintained sufficiently well to connect them intelligibly. Truth, however, com pels the statement that heroic verse by a com pany,the majority of whom have little knowledge of its meaning, is not greatly relished by a, mis cellaneous audience nowadays, whatever it might have been seventy years ago. To make it thoroughly effective, the clearest enunciation and bigh elocutionary powers are essential, and these were not manifested. Mr. Hamilton Is a young man who displays capacity for posing and acting ; he uses appropriate, though some what melodramatic gestures ; fences well, and speaks clearly. His voice is deep, but not alto gether musical, the modulations being too few ; and, in common with most American actors, he betrays a tendency to intone his speeches. He enacted the part of the adventurous King James, and was effective inhis impersonation, although he did not attain te any great degree of prominence. There were no particular phases in which he ex celled, but there was a level merit in his delinea tion which appeared to be regarded with favour by the audience, who called him before the curtain at the end of the second act. Mr. Wheatleigh played Roderick Dhu with a degree of dramatic power agreeably surprising. He was roughly noble, his display of turbulent passion being forcible and striking. ' He rose to a pitch of excellence in his speech where, having Safely conducted the King out of the districts inhabited by his rebellious clan, he dis closes his identity, and tells the un known cavalier that he is now face to face with Roderick, and dares him to single combat. Mr. Hans Phillips, as Malcolm Graeme, exhibited an aptitude for rhythmic! verse in the highest degree creditable, h r. Boothmau was also good in this respect. Mr. Joyce, as Allan Bane, the harpist of the Douglas Clan, was not unpicturesque both in manner and costume. Mr. Ryan, as Brian, the sooth sayer, bit his words in pieces, as usual. Miss Ruth Grey, as the Lady of the Lake, spoke her lines very indistinctly, and acted with her usual lack of emotional power, but on the other hand, she looked very pretty. Miss Jessie Grey, as the maniac girl, Blanche, did her work very well ; and Miss Emma Fischer, as the King's page, looked handsome and saucy, as becomes royal pages. The scenery was prepared with considerable attention. Several of the best scenes were new, and tableaux presented were arranged in the most effective manner. " Les Cloches de Corneville," which was produced at the Academy of Music en Saturday night, is a work of an uncommon kind. To me it appears to be the effort of one of a new school of composers, who aim at effecting a compromise between the laboured pleasantries, and stately, or, maybe, comparatively heavy harmonies, of old comic opera, and the frenzied extravagances of opera- bouff'e. Is is essentially French, and while the music is sparkling and tuneful, the absence of intricate orchestration renders it more than usually acceptable to a miscellaneous audience. On the other hand, the plot has in it some dramatic elements more or less serious, aud although these are partly overlaid with a series of light and amusing episodes, they are subsidiary to the main action, which is not so absurdly inconsistent as are some of the mad fanoles of Offenbach, Herve, and others. The costumes, too, though in some degree caricatures, are not altogether incongruous and unsuitable to the euoch repre sented, while they have the decided merit of beiDg elegant and becoming, and as a further recommendation, the dialogues have some con nection with the plot, and the pleasantries, equivoques, and witticisms really excite laughter. The vocal parts of the score are, as a whole, written a little too high for singers of average range, but as a compensation, M. Pian- quette has distributed them fairly, a slight preference, perhaps, being shown to the contralto. The overture is pretentious, but at the same time pretty, the opening for strings being added to by some charming oboe effects ; to these suc ceed the chiming of bells, followed by some work for reeds, brasses, and strings, the violins, csiloB, and contrabasses having the major por tion of the work at the finale. In the first act there is a very bright chorus, "All who for Servants are enquiring a sparkling little ron deau for Serpolette (Miss Clara Thompson), "I may be Princess the Legend of the Bells for Germaine (Miss Lambert) and chorus ; a striking tenor barcarolle, "On billow rocking," sung by Grenicheux (Mr. Bracy) ; andin the scene of the Norman Hiring Fair the gem number of the act, "Just look at this," in which the solos alternate beautifully with the choral parts. Both Miss Thompson and the ladies and gentlemen of the chorus gained loud applause for this, and were compelled to repeat it, a special recall reward ing them when the curtain dropped. In the second act, which takes place in the Crusaders' Hall of the deserted Chateau de Corneville, great attention is paid to the instrumentation, which is really impressive and beautiful. There is plenty of fun in this act, because it is in the hall that a miser, Gaspard (Mr. W, H. Wallace), hides his gold, frightening the simple villagers away by lighting it np at night, and appeariag at the windows covered with a white sheet. The discovery of the identity of the supposed ghost is made by Grenicheux, who, tremblingly encased in one of the suits of armour decorating the hall, is almos-t killed with terror when the miser grasps the pedasSalon whicft. the figure stands, and moves it backwards and forwards iu front of the window to intensify the popular impression regarding the haunted chamber. The sudden incursion of the large company gathered to detect the ghost sends Gaspard mad. In the third act, Gaspard sings a funny " Beggar's Song" — a song with chorus, "There she goes, with Horses prancing," and a "Cider Song," which Serpolette sings, being the most noticeable numbers. So far as the rendering of the opera generally is con cerned, there was much that was commendable, while, on the other hand, faults were plainly discernible. The principals did not, in several instances, remember either the music or their cues, aud once or twice the relations between singers and orchestra were decidedly inharmonious. It is but just, how ever, to state that the rehearsals have been few, and conducted under difficulties, as the stage of the Academy could not be obtained for this very necessary purpose. As a rule, the choruses were good, and as they play au unusually important part in the work, it is matter for cengratulation. Miss Glara Thompson's Serpolette and Mr. Bracy's Grenicheux were extremely creditable - renderings. Miss Lambert's Germaine was also good ; but Mr. Templeton's Henri was about as stiff aud constrained as it could well be. Mr. Leopold bas a capital part to play as the con ceited old Bailie, who regards himself as the visible embodiment of the law. His pom- posity sycophancy, and cowardice were alike well denned, and his performance contributed in a material degree to the success of the work. As Gaspard, Mr. Wallace makes it a prominent feature. w ltnout mucs voice, ne sings with some accuracy, and his madness is of a much more natural description than is generally given in stage representations. Mr. Johnson is to be praised for his assumption as Gobo, a legal hanger-on of the Bailie's ; and Miss Florence Slater, as Christophe, a sailor of the Masaniello pattern, was pleasantly self-possessed. The scenery throughout is good, the Cliffs of OgL vados, the Norman Fair, and the Crusaders' Hall securing special attention. If " Les Cloches de Corneville" meets with its deserts, it should have a prosperous run. The drama "Faust and Marguerite" was pro duced at the Princess's on Saturday night, with Mr. and Mrs. Tavares as Mephistopheles and Marguerite. The drama is so familiar that a notice in detail is unnecessary. The remarks I made last week on the gentleman's Iago apply equally io his conception of the cloven- footed mentor oi Faust. It is a decidedly origin si per formance, in which the element c-f fiendishness is absent, and a quiet conventionalism of manner substituted. It is, in fact, too quiet, aud not sufficiently traditional, for ordinary audiences. I cacnot reconcile myself to the serious impersonations of Mrs. Tavares. She is the personification of buoyancy and light headedness, and the pitiful sorrows and miseries of poor Marguerite sit uaeasily upon her. She was ladylike, and played intelligently, but did not impart the degree of profound emotion necessary to the effective representa ion of the character. The Baldwins are drawing crowded houses at St. George's-hall. Every night thire are fresh phases and events. The spiritualists attend in large numbers, and are sometimes picked out as committeemen, and, as a rule, they do not appear to be as much surprised at the continual exposures of the tricks of their high priests as the general public. From a London telegram, which came to hand last week, I learn that Mr. W. S. Lyster has engaged a new opera company in London, to leave for Melbourne by the Orient steamer in January. The child piaaiste, Ada Willetts, gave her farewell concert at the Town-hall on Saturday night. She was assisted by Mrs. Smythe, Miss Wooldridge, Miss Christian, R.A.M., Messrs. Skinner, Glover (a new basso), Signer Ortori, and Mr. Charles Sykes. The concert was not patronised liberally. The Rey. Charles Clarke commences his fare well series of lectures in Australia at the Town- hall this (Saturday) evening. The series is to consist of seven lectures, and the first will be "Lord Macaulay " and the "Trial of Warren Hastings ;" bis latter never having been given in Melbourne previously. Mr, R. S. Smythe no « ties that the prices of admission will be 1?. to ail parts of the house, except the balcony, which will be 2s. Mr. D Arcy Read's ghost appears determined to be a wandering visitant no more, but to , settle down la Melbourne instead. The 1 audience continue to patronise the At-bensa urn hall in goodly numbers. t- Mr. William Creswick entertained a few friends at dinner at the Oriental hotel on Tues day night, and ou Wednesday, accompanied by his wife, son, and Miss Helen Ashton, he took his departure in the Derwent for Tasmania. 