DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. EPISCOPAL VISITATION. (Goulburn Valley Advocate, 28th Jwm 1 The Right Rev. Dr. Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst, in the course of his visitation to this part of his diocese, attended by the Rev. Fathers Kearns and Roche administered Confirmation on Sundav 23rd instant, at Tatura; on Mondav 24th, at Rushworth; and on Tuesdav 25th, at Muddy Creek, and preached on each occasion. The number of persons present in the church at Tatura on Sun day was nearly 400, and the Bishop, ^ his sermon, took occasion to congratulate the congregation on having obtained eo handsome and commodious a church which, he said, was the best church constructed of wood in his diocese, and expressed a wish that they would make good use of it. He also referred to the Education Act, and to the sacrifices which his flock had made in supporting their own schools independently of the State, and exhorted them to persevere in the same course, which was sure to be attended with a blessing, and followed by abundant fruits. The number of schools and the attendance of the children all through the diocese, and in the parish of Nagambie in particular where there were now four schools opened, was most satisfactory. At each of the places above mentioned there • were from 30 to 40 persons confirmed. The Mission commenced in Nagambie yesterday. MISSON AT NAGAMBIE. A misBon, the exercises of which were conducted by the Veiy Rev. Father Crane, O.M.J., assisted by the local clergy, the Rev. Fathers Kearns and Roche, during the visitation of the Right Rev. Dr. Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst, to Nagambie, commenced in St. Malachi's Church on Thursday, 27th nit.' and terminated on Sunday afternoon last. The mission was a very great success, large numbers having approached the Sacraments of Penance and Holy Communion during its continuance. Father Crane and the Bishop expressed themselves much pleased with the attendance and devotion of the people. The church was well filled at every Mug during the week, and at the three Masses on Sunday it was completely thronged, more especially at the High Mass at eleven o'clock. After Mass his Lordship preached, taking for his text, " All power is given to me in heavenand on earth. Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and, behold, I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world." (St. Matthew xxviii. chap., 18, 19 and 20 verses.) Those who had the privilege of hearing the sermon will long remember it as a most successful effort of pulpit oratory. The right rev. preacher showed incontestable that God haying once communicated His Divine Spirit to His Church, and commissioned her to teach all nations that she conld not possibly fail in her divine mission, butmust continue to be guided by the same Holy Spirit and go on teaching the truth, and nothing but the truth, even to the end of time. As the Bishop was about to administer the Sacrament of Confirmation, he addressed himself towards the end of his sermon in a particular manner to those who were goi-ig to be confirmed, reminding them that the same Holy Spirit was about to descend upon them as it-had descended upon the apostles, making them strong and perfect Christians and abiding with them to the end of their lives, unless they drove him out by the commission of sin. His Lordship then administered Confirmation, when about forty persons received that Holy Sacrament. Prayers of thanksgiving followed, after which his Lordslup gave the episcopal blessing. In , Ilie afternodh the concluding services of tbe mission took place, wJien the church was again densely crowded, a considerable number of those presort being Protestants. Father Crane preached- In the course of the .service the renewal of baptismal vows, was made. • Ln = services concluded'with Benediction oi the most Holy Sacrament. The am* was well rendered by an eifieient cho^ of them Protestants, who had kmaty volunteered their: services; Mr. Shannahan presided at the harmony, a new and very fine one, which was wea for the firsttime on Sunday. The Bishop preached and administered confirm^ at Ayenel . on Monday, when em™ persons were confirmed. The cierg/ present were Fathers Farrelly, Kejjpis, Roche, and Crane. ship, 1 understand, enjoyed his trip verj tnucli, and his health has been confer |bl^improved by it. _I understand in. Australia,: to collect funds .for ^ mission in London. His church » rffaaNtl neat 8t;"Catherine's PP!^^ of the poorest districts of the Babylon, and his flock is composed almost entirely of labouring Irishmen and their families. 