PRINCE 'BISMARCK AND THE SOCIAL ISTS. Wk believe Prince Bismarck hates the Social ists wit-li all his heart, and intends to put them dow n ; while as to the methods he has but one—• the steady, unrelenting, scientific application of force. With all his high qualities and amazing powers, the great Chancellor has never beer, able to see that no sword will kill a ghost, that you cannot fight thoughts by material means, unless you are prepared to extirpate the think ers, and he fought the Catholic Church with sentences of imprisonment. The result is before him. The Ultramontane deputies who. before the Falk Law's wore passed, were nearly in visible, are, to-day. the strongest single party in Parliament, and hold the balance of power between Liberals and Conservatives in their hands. Broadly speaking the Reichstag now contains just three nearly espial parties, — mem bers who will vote as conservatives, members who are Liberals, and members who are believers in or who vote with the Catholic Church. That amazing result, the direct consequence of his own poke',', lias, however, taught the Chancellor nothing. and having persecuted the Catholics into political coherence and energy, he is now about to persecute Socialists into Parliamentary position. " lie is going to leave them nothing except the right Of electing member* Under this Bill he takes ' away the Socialists' right of meeting, of discussion, of Irctui’ing, and of printing, and leaves tnem nothing but the right to vote—that is as they grow numerous nil power—and to disseminate their ideas from the highest platform in the country—the benches of the Legislature. He does not perceive that socialism, which is an. expression of discontent so fierce as to be war like, and of aspiration so confident as to lie religious cannot be put downs by force ; that socialists will discuss in workrooms and hear lectures in public-houses, and spread their ideas in letters, and make converts in green fields all the more rapidly because the absence of pub licity ensures the absence of reply. He thinks Socialism can he stamped out like the Colorado beetle or the rinderpest, and that if he can only get his laic, and set his bureaucracy to work, and support his oitioials with soldiers, and make Socialism an inconvenient creed, Social ism will die. And, therefore, as his first step lie asks for his law quite careless, that if he gets it the discussion of philanthropic reform must stop as well as the discussion social grievances, and that every publicist in the country with humanitarian instincts will he at his mercy. Why should they not he at his mercy he thinks when he means to be merciful to everybody who will implicitly obey bim ? hie does no injmy to thought any more than Lord Lytton does. He only asks permission to arrest all rogues and fools, and to settle who they are. He may get his bill. Everybody seems very sure that lie will not, and no doubt the statistics tell heavily in everybody’s favour. If the Catholics vote with the Liberals, the Conservatives who approve of the bill will be outnumbered by two to one, and the tone of the Germania, the leading organ of t'lie party-, indicates tliat they will so vote. The negotiations with Rome have come to very little, for the Prince, though anxious for Catholic allies, cannot bear to seem “ to go to Canossa,” and though not himself in any way hostile to ultramontane opinion, has to reckon with the Hohenzollerns who have never knowingly yielded to priests yet. It must therefore seem to Rome to be wiser to give Prince Bismarck | a great blow, and either drive him from j power or excite confusion in (formally than to place power in his hands under which he may possibly be the lirst to suffer. The party may, therefore, decline to vote for the Bill; but there is an element in the situation not yet taken into account. A considerable number of Catholics, and probably a few Liberals, are deeply pious men who are not irritated so much by the economic ideas of the Socialists as by the defiant Atheism of which some of their spokesmen make such an offensive display. The true feeling of sincere Catholics and of Lutheran pietists on this point is often missed by ob servers. They are not so much shocked by blasphemy as insulted and alaimed, driven to feel as if their Sovereign must avenge himself as, if the scene of such outrages were physically polluted, as if in their own phrase expiatory services were needed to reconcile the Most High. The Atheism of Socialists strikes them as a free use of dynamite by ignorant men strike engineers, or as a malaria strikes inspect ing doctors, and they feel as if whatever the consequences it nrast be prevented. They think the Bill will enable Covernment to pre vent attacks on the Creator, as well as on the King, and will sacrifice liberties for the former end which they would not give up for the latter. It is quite certain that a man like the Comte de Almi, or any genuine English Ultra montane, would feel this, and it may be felt as deeply by (lerman Ultramontanes. Tf it is, Prince Bismark and his Bill may obtain unexpected support from within their opponents ranks, es- j pecially in retaining the vague clauses which j liberals will endeavour to make definite and j strict. If Rome has decided against the Bill j there may not be enough of such men to carry j it, but the feeling will produce abstentions not | yet sufficiently taken into account. j If the Bill passes as it stands Prince Bismark ; will, of course, carry it out, and restrict under j its provisions any agitation of which he does i not approve to the great temporary injury of liberty ; but if it does not pass what will he do? j One rumour is that he will dissolve, but as a | dissolution is not likely to give him a l’arlia- j ment of changed opinions, and as it is likely j from the gradual dying out of tire panic to lose | him some seats, that is not a very probable I course. It involves too much uncertainty to j please an impetuous and determined politician, who wants to go his own way, and not to be j eternally asking the people the way he shall j go. It is also rumoured that he may compro- ; mise with his foes, abandoning his bill in con- j sideration of heavy grants for the army for a j period of years. But it is doubtful if the ; Liberals concede this, and certain that the I Ultramontanes will not. The military expcmli- j ture is the electors’ question : and to increase } it, and to increase it for a long term would, in the present condition of Herman prosperity, | shake too many seats. And lastly, it is j rumoured he may resign. That will depend j entirely upon the question, whether he wishes to resign, and the antecedent probabilities are against an affirmative answer. His pi,‘in will lie to wait fighting on all the while until some divergence among his foes, or some new mani festation of the Socialist hatred of existing ar rangements gives him another chance. He is a diplomatist before all, and a diplomatist who cannot recede ; does not know the first con ditions of the warfare in which he is so consum mate an expert.—Spectator. 