! ?OUR ADELAIDE LETTER.' (From our own Correspondent.) Adelaide. February 27. Some men are irrepressible. Try; wjiat you may you can't keep them down. Like gas bubbles, they will always make their way to the surface. - Neither insult nor ridicule1 can annihilate them. They reck not what asses' they niake of themselves; they will make their ' voice'heard. They will not he shut up until the.undertalcer and the grave-difigei' come to fulfil their work upou them. Of such ig James Jones, biilsticker, of Adelaide. Born of quiet un worldly parents he soon started.a career on his o\m account, independent of the:parental lead ing strings. Heedless altogether of the con servative habits of liis father he has run on the opposite track, and developed into an ultra radical. He has tried more than once to get . into the Municipal Council; he has tried more than once to get into Parliament. Hitherto he has been disappointed ; but disappointments, if they vex his soul, do not lastingly depress Mm. He is up again, like Jack in the Box, as soon as the weight is lifted from him, and the next opportunity, presents ;itself. Some persons in sinuate that it is good fpr"his trade to get up an opposition, either for the Corporation or for Parliament, as it gives him. bills to post, so that they would put him on the, same selfish level as , many publicans who are known to go to great lengths in order to prevent a walk-over at an election. But I entertain a different opinion of Mr. Jones. I believe he is honestly anxious to en ter Parliament, and that he is honestly anxious, apart from all selfish ^considerations, tcrdohis best to promote, the welfare'of the colony; but while I believe this I don't believe he has the -ghost of a chance; and even if he Had, and if he were electeij, he would not be of much use?] He is not like inany a, working man whom I* know ; he has no^ force'of character tomakebis pre sence and power -felt in Parliament. By the side of ' Mr.r Fitzgibbon-a working , inan^ he would, sink into insignificance. both as re gards-his, power; of oratory and the influence he would exercise. But despite* this Mr.; Jones has " made" up his mind toj'stand for West ."Adelaide ; and, of' course, he will be beaten as he has been beaten-before. Mr. Simms,' the popular little brewer; Mr. Johnson, the protectionist bootmaker ; and Mr. Darling, the miller, are, I hear, intending can didates, and, as the race will be between this trio, Mr. Jones will-be left out in the cold. . Mr. Henning has positively consented to stand for Oiikaparinga. He has, I believe, been coquetting with two or three districts, and I saw that lie' was not indisposed to solicit your suffrages provided you could. ensure'that he. wtfuld not be opposed by a good man. Now, - however, you will not be troubled with him. He has found, through an agent who has can vassed < Onkaparinga, that he has a fair show against Mr. Kricliauff, who has given offence to some of the Germans in the district, and so he hasi'resolved to stand. As to Mr. : Bundey there' is, I think, . no question as to his return for the same district; and I yery much doubt whether Mr. Henning will succeed .iH oyertbrowicg Mr. Krichauff, who has beep a rmiJ member ami who would not lightly be cask on one mdej * Ii is'reported that- Mr. Grainger will oppose Mr. Neville Blyth at North Adelaide. If so he will' be' wallopped. Tlmt constituency is not so enamoured of Victorian politics as to support a man who is an ardent worshipper of Graham Berry. At Noarlunga the people de cided to give Messrs. Colton and Carr another chance. An effort was made to get Mr. C. H. T. Connor, the grain merchant, who has pro perty at Dashwood's Gully, to come out, but he declined, although he lives in hopes of one day aspiring to Parliamentary honors. In general news there is little of moment. Cooper and Bailey's menagerie and circus are the great attraction for the multitude. It's a big show, and the people evidently think so, for the attendance every night ranges about 5,000. Mrs. Cutter supplied a far more intellectual entertainment; but for every fifty she got Cooper aud Bailey get at least a thousand. This illus trates how tastes differ. Just now there is a great exhibition of pictures going on at the Town Hall. Messrs. Wigg & Son, knowing that the Society of Arts had given up its exhibitions, thought to supply the deficiency by an exhibition of their own importations, added to by works by colonial artists, but I am afraid that the success of the venture will not be very great. The enterprising firm have secured the services of Signor Gorza, who is to give some performances on the organ. This may draw a few more, but it seems a hard thing that any entertainment of a superior class should have such'partial success. : The daughters of: the late Richard Cobden are preparing materials for publishing the life and letters of the illustrious freetrader. -It is just possible that some of your residents may have had connections with the ''eminent man. If/so the Misses Cobden would be very glad to in clude them in their work, or at any rate have an opportunity of perusing them with a view to their inclusion. Mr. T. B; Potter, M.P., of the Reform Club, London, will receive any letters, or they can be forwarded to Mr. Arthur Hardy, M.P., of this city, who has been written to by the Ooliden Club'to make the announcement of the fact, in the'Australian colonies; .' 