Held Oveb. — Owuig to pressuro on our space by tho publication of our usual monthly summary for home readers, we uro compelled to hold ovor sovoral articles in type, among them tho report uf tho half-yearly mooting uf tho Launceaton Gas Company. Tub Iikqlisu Mail.— We hire been requested to iitate that letters posted up to eight o'clock on Sunday morning will be iu time for ouigoing English and other mails per Managua, whicn wilt Lot be finally closed until that hour. Tbimtv Carmen.— Iu continuation of the lectures delivered in this church, after the usual Sunday ovonius aervicel, to-morrow evening at half-past eight tho liev.W. H.Savigny, M.A., wUl deliver a discourao on ' ltevelatiou and Inspira tion.' A Oaotiok to Diuvsb.8. — At tho Police Court yesterday a oarmau wal pro ceeded against for the noo.-observ.nco ot the rule ol the road on the 20th July, and a collision occurrod, aa recorded iu Satur day's Chrtmide. The penaltiei infiieted on him amounted to 21 lOi Oi, and ai tlio car was injured on the oooasion, the coetol ibsrepsirs will also have to be paid by him. The total amount will be sufficient, we think, lo cause him to be more careful in future, end it should also ict oi s caution to all driven of vehicles. D'Abov Read's Ghost.— This novel and wonderful entertainment will bo given in tho Pavilion theatre at tho Public GardetiB, for five nigbta, com* mencing on Monday evening next. It is to commence with a spectral adaptation from Goethe's Fault, with musical Boloc lions from Gounod's opera. This will lie followod by ' Tho Porsee iu Search of n Wife,' tho ivholo to conclude with tho Iaui?hab1o spectral mono uguo entitled, 'Tho Haunted House.' ^ The manage carefully h'ttod up so that all draught will be avoided, nnd will also bo warmed by suitable appliances. HEIllt Si-UMITT'8 AKHt'AL CosoEBI.— This annual event uoines off on Tuosday evening next, at thu Town Hall. Wo liave received tho prt^grammo, und find that liurr Carl Schmitt will bo assisted by Misses A. Fairthoruu, K. Harvey, A. McDonald, A. Sullivan, Ricliardson Havigny, Cowpcr, and Williamson, Mra Flexman, Measn U. 1-. Skinner, F. Ferguson. Collins, Tolloch, Ropor, May head, Day and 1'oUard's Orchestr.l Uniou. Tlie concert will consist of nverturos, songs, glees, a trio, and a aestet. Horr Oarl Mchmitt will perform two of h|s ohoiccst olid ings.t famous solus, on tho violin, nnd takes part with the Missel Savigny, Cowper, and Williamson in the march, Da Troubadours, for eight hands. Tuu Lackceston Gas Ooui'any.— At the h , If. yearly meeting of shareholder' hold yesterday, tho rtjpqrt adopted wv nat)nco4 Uiat (heiucrqa.se in the eonaump (ion oi gas had. very nearly mads up for tho reduction in price from 15s to 13s 4-1 por 1000 cubic foot, and thu had {encouraged the directors to make a further roductiun to 12s (Id per 1000 from tlic 1st July. The morcasod demand for gas had forced upon tlie consideration of tho doctors the necessity for providing mcraubd appli'i ancos for ita manufacture, Thu ai/k oon** S,iimed dqriug th? itaa,t year amounted to 8,u7!),O0Q cqbic fuut, ' ai\ incroaso of 1,1!IO,200 feet oycr tho consumption in the previous year, and double- the quantity consumed in. 18.48, A purchase or two allotments of lund adjoining the works was authorised. Thu retiring directors, Messrs. W. Hart, J. Fawns, and E. Dickons, were reflected, and a dividend )f 8 per cent for the past year was de darod. The net profit for tho year was t2717 Is 7d. Wo regret to jay tba.t the. nanagint! difocfor and diainnan, was irovauted by s.evero iuuqss from boing lresent. Mr VI. Hart p'rosided, and con ducted the business in a very satisfactory manner, 'In ooiuequenoe of pressure on jut spaoe the full report, though in type, is lield over until next issue. Accident in Bbisbane street. — As a resident was driving his empty cart home &bout; 5 o'clock last evening down Dris bane-Btreet. tho bollybftnd W(\o undone uid tl|e curl tilted m-, and sent the driver sprawling '» tjte bottom of the eart with Ilia heels where his head ought U- bo. Soino bystanders went to the horse's hoiid, while ho cot out Thev thon commonced to undo tlio harness, but they had only unfastened one strap when Uie horse be gan to kick, which lie did so vigorously as to quickly kick Uie bottom out of tho | cart. Tim qhaft was aU» broken, pud ul timately the horse was secured uninjured. Council of tdb Apostles — The Rer Couot Le Metmni des Choanai* coaducta the spiritual retreat for the priests of the Northern Deanery, which boem on Mid day evening, aud ended yesterday morn* ioe;. The lo lowing clergymen wertf pre «eni:— Thf Very llov. Dosn Butler und the llev. P. Glee- on, of Launcefton ; lUv. James HoRa™, We-tbury j U-v Mnllliow O'Cullauhan, Table O«pn ; U.-V. .Tame. N'uon,., Lalrobp; Jtcr. E. F. Wnl.li, IJelorniDC ; Jvev, .', J, M'K^rnan, Ijin({* ford ; \U-v Tbos. Ki.'lsh, Campbell Town ; tnd Brv. Jos. Shcelty, George's Dsy. until Sunday, the 11th instant, and the subject - f thf d jurouri'S on the respective occasion, bv tho Rev. Cunt Le Mcusnt arc as I. llo»- :— Sunday, 11th, «t 11 . .'clock iuum, ' The Myjlory of Dirine Live,' and iu llic evening ' Tlio Tribunal of Mercy ;' on Monday morning, ' Im portance ol Sidration ; *' at noon, ' Mortal -S*ll Kuowllde.ii' at nom, 'I Cou CompBny.' Uu Wednctday the subjects are— Uoniinf;, ' Prayer; ' noon, ' Qusli. ties of Oonloxioiii' and evfninc, 'The Grave.' On Thursday mornioi.', ' Prayer tor the oVui ; ' at noon. ?' l-ulies of Children ; in the cveninc, ' Iatoxicatioii,' after which the pledgewill be alminisUTed ro any uho msy wish ti take it. On Fridiiy morning, '* Dignity and obligstion of a Uhrislisn.' At three o'cl. ck there will be a children'*) pro -esaion and renewal of baptismal vows. In the cvenine the subject of the discourse will be ' Fralernal Charity.'' On Saturday morniue the subject will be 'The battle ol lif.-,' nnd confessions will be held the next day. On Sunday, at 11 o'clock masa, ' Love of Jesus in tho blom-d Sacrament wd Act of reparation ;' at 4 p.m., ' Enrolment in Scapulars;' in the evening, ' Per. oeveiaiicf,' and there will b» a proccs-iin in honor of Ihe Illessed Virgin, tho ser vice to conclude with tho Te P.'um. Confoa.ions will be heard Irom Tues. day uniil Salurday from 9 a.m. till 12 noon, from 3 to 5 p.m., and after thn evening devotions until 10 o'clock. Pabliamentabv Papeos Received — rj»frislstiTe Council : —Report of Cascades Pauper Et.tliahment for 1877; ditto General Ho-pital, Liuncotton, ditto. Homo or AMfrablv :— Rpport of lloyal Society for 1877 ; ditto Tasnianian Public Uhrarvdit'o: ditto Pensl Eitsbliabment l.sunr«tm,, ditto; eupplemeutaryeiliniste 'or 1877, (eon.olid.ted revenu^) Eatl. mate of probable expenditure Tasnunun d.'ences. Bllsto provide r.ir the regu lation and discipline of^ the^ '''^'y indcmenl. obtained in tho Supreme Court nfanv other colony eBVctu.l ,u Tamsnis; to eomolidatc and amend the Volunteir'F.irco Aet. Aetilleut Ball at Hobaut Tows.— T1»M« are ' in' at Hobart Town since Iho Blrlbdiv Tlsll at OoTi-rnmi-nt Hons-, and -n» under flic an«plne« or Ihe Knulh«-n Volunlepr Artillery Corr- ''' I' bf led in the Town Hall on 'he 22nd in. I. Fbesh Fisn.— I^ove r» of the r»n'l'1Brt will Vclad lohenr, savs the Merrviy. (list wiuter tnullet in fine condition nrp beinc caiicht in llrge nilfnbera st Rmnon Tliursiiay at the Wavpole Tnn, New Town, urxrardu of three dnren splendid G.h ju^t cflucht \ij r wpll-rrTniwn iinclrr in nbout two hours. Mo.t of the full were abmit halfa pound weight rnch, and fnur of ihe number, which were not picked on«s, turned the scale st three pounds. SoOTUBiilf Poultry Society —Mr F. E. Littler received a telegram from Mr A. .1. Chapman, stating thai the total num ber of ontrii-B received Tor this exhibition was 002, divided amnneit the following, rla.sea :-P-Miltry, 20D; piei-nn., W) ; Omo birds, 90 ; nnH dairy produce, 166. This i- an increase of 2 entries on lait year, but as post entries can be made up to Ihe 7th inil., the total may probably be increased before the exhibition is held. There is a falling olTin tbepiaeon entries while the poultry and cage bird, are jast the same as last year, but (he dsiry pro duce class, which is now eoltinir Ihe principal feature of these exhibitions, showa'OU increase nf 2o entries. Con sidering: that the Hoharl Town poultry fanciers are said to haro had a very bad season for their stock, tlio r.snll may be Bsid to ho exceedingly Rood, and choirs that the efforts of Mr A. J. Chapman in the interests of his society have been duly appreciated. We have been requested to stste that the Launces ton exhibits will leavo fir Hobirt Town by the mail Irain on Tuesday eveninir, the 13i4i io.I. Any information as to tho r»tca of carriage, etc., maybe bbtAInel From the northern secretary. 