? THE HOUNDS.—The hounds will throw off from Birksgate, Glen Osmond, this afternoon. MAYOB'S CONCEBT.—The usual Saturday evening concert will take place this evening at the Town Hall. SIGHOB GIOBZA'S CONCEBT.—On Thursday next Signor Giorza will give in the Town Hall a piano recital and concert, assisted by Mr. and Mrs. G. Robertson, Mr. Mumme, and Mr. Seed EA.M. MB. LEON'S BENEFIT.—As far as theatrical experience in these colonies has extended—and we can congratulate ourselves on the fact that we have evinced sufficient recognition of talent to induce ma ny of the prominent stage representative, to visit our shores—it must be unreservedly said that in his special line of business Mr. Leon—whose wonderful performances have delighted crowded audiences here for the last month—is inimitable. He has proved himself to be a first-class burlesque actor, and the greater credit has to be accorded him considering that he has had to acquit himself in female characters. In everything be has performed here he has thoroughly astonished his audiences by his singularly natural and effective representations. All his feminine personations have been coloured by becoming naivete and archness, every gesture and action of the adorable ones being taken off to perfection. The theatre-going public having recognised him as a speciality performer unequalled in his forte, whose every effort could not foil to be pleasing, it was only natural to expect that they would muster in strong force on his benefit night. The weather on Friday evening was anything but propitious for the occasion—the influences of the home fireside should have been sufficiently inviting to prevent any one venturing out of doors on such a cheerless night—yet the attractions at White's Booms and the event which gave rise to them seemed to be strong enough to tempt from home a sufficient number to crowd the hall in every part. The programme presented was one of the best of the season, and of course the numerous auditors were pleased beyond measure. Every member of the efficient company appeared to the best advantage. The burlesque which concluded the evenirg's entertainment, entitled "ThePretty Detective," was extremely mirth-provoking. This piece afforded the beneficiare an opportunity of displaying his versatility, as he had to appear in four different characters, each of which he sustained with credit to himself. Messrs. Kelly, Lester, and Surridge also distinguished themselves. The company appear in Adelaide for the last time this evening, and from the sucoess which they have achieved here it is almost certain that they will make their conge to a crowded house. THEATBH ROYAL . —" Much Ado about Nothing" was repeated on Friday evening, July 26, at this place of amusement to a moderate house, the dress circle being fairly patronised. The various points in this excellent comedy met with a very hearty response, and Mr. Creswick and Miss Ashton were called before the curtain. To*night Mr. Creswick will appear as Othello, Miss Ashton taking the part of Desdemona. THE CBEWH CBICKET MATCH.—The Australian Eleven have begun a match against twenty-two of Crewe, in Chester. It was originally arranged that the latter should play with eighteen, which is the number given in the programme of the matches to be played by the Australian cricketers in England. The Eleven made 130 runs in their first innings, and the Crewe team have lost two wickets for 3 runs. APPEARING IN A NEW PABT.—That wellknown and popular actor, Mr. J. H. Rainford, has left the dramatic stage and gone into the spirit business. He has not turned publican, as at first sight people might be induced to think, but has become the proprietor of a new optical illusion—an adaptation probably of Pepper's curious invention. From the Newcastle Pilot we see that Mr. Rainford and his company are appearing in the city of the black diamond, and that the " ghost; walks" nightly to large and appreciative audiences. It is likely that we shall have a visit from Mr. Rainford and his spectral troupe, when, if he can show anything worth while, he may be sure of a warm welcome and a remunerative season amongst his Adelaide friends. 