A GHOST OR MADMAN. Last Sunday night week two men were re- turning home from Kerang to their residence near Barr Creek, but before reaching this creek they unfortunately lost themselves. A dispute then occurred in the middle of a plain as to which was the proper direction : being ten o'clock at night, and pitch dark, mutual recriminations took place, which re- sulted in one going east and the other west. The east man was right and gained his camping ground shortly after, when a con- sultation was held with his friends, who were in bed, as to what they should do for the erring mate. It was then determined to light a fire, and he who had just returned found a large dry bush, which was soon blazing, but while he was feeding the fire he felt a strange presentiment that someone was near, and as the blaze threw a glare around the bush, a white object like a small man was seen coming towards the fire. Our friend got nervous, but thinking it was one of his mates who had got up out of bed. called out his name, and said he knew him. His mate hearing his name mentioned, called out that they were both in bed, which rather made his friend's flesh creep. By this time the ap- parent ghost had got entire possession of the fire, which he began to grab at with his Iarge bony looking hands, opening his fingers as though he would take out handfuls of the fire. lt was noticed then that his eyeballs pro- truded and glared like a madman. Our friend having told his two mates that a mad- man was at the fire, the three mustered courage to go down to see him. He was dressed in dirty white trousers, with a dirty white shirt, apparently over his trousers. He was asked where he came from ? where did he live ? what did he want? was he hungry? and several other questions, to all of which he grunted an unintelligible reply like " umph." During this interview the lost one, having seen the fire, now joined the other three, and the madman was told if he did not want anything to clear away, as he could not be allowed to stay there. He made no reply, but moved towards a swamp from whence he came, and has not since been heard of. — Kerang Times. 