Theatrical Gossip. TaF, local theatre has been well patronised during the past mooth by the New Zealand Combination Company, under the able super. vision of that popular manager, Mr. tam Howard. They have been playing a series of comedies and dramas, including "Our Boys," "Our Girls," "The Sbhughraun," "Pygmalion and Galatea," and " Under the Gaslight." The "Colleen Bawn" is now playing to good audi enzces. At the Protestant Hall, list week, Mr. J. H. Rainford's "Ghost" made an appearance, and is still running smoothily. Parcy Reid's "Ghost" is announced to appear shortly; and, considering the successful run it had in Sydney, we have no doubt but that it will be well patronised. The metropolitan places of amusement are well occupied, with very attractive "bill of fares." At the Royal, Mr. Samuel L'zaar, the lessee of the theatre, took a benefit, with Sheridan's comedy of "The Rivals" and a lyrical version of " Bombastes Furioso" on the boards. The principal characters were sustained by Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Jones, and Mr. Bland Holt. Lyster's Opera Company are appearing at the "Vic." in the "Bohemian Girl," with Mr. Armes Beaumont and Miss Clara Thompson in the leading parts. Attthe Queen's Theatre, Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Bates and company are producing the drama of " Mazeppa." The Stewart Family, at the School of Arts, after a successful run in their " Raiubow Revels," ore i,ppearing in a similar piece, entitled, ' If, or an old gem reset." The Elmblud concerts, at tire Masonic H11l, are much admired by the playgoers of Sydney, and are drawing good houses. At P.rramatta, La Charbonnet appeared in one of her concerts to a good house. The Melbourne places of amusement are, as usual, well engaged, and with a good business; The Georgia Minstrels are appearing at the Princess's Theatre for the thirty fourth time in Btowe's drama, " Uncle Tom's Cabin."-At the Royal, Mr. and Mrs. George Darrell are playing ;for the last time " Struggle for Freedom." ..iss Adelaide Bowring has been engaged, and will make her first appearance in the drama of " Bag Fair."-At the Opera House, the burlesque .of "Oxygen" is being produced. Onz.lo, the -aemon of the air, is also appearing.-" Our Girls" is now on at the Academy of Music, with Mlr.J. L. Hall in the title role. Meeurs. B ker and Farron are still appearing at the Queenslanld Theatre, to overflowing houses. a At the Theatre Royal, Hobart Town, Miss Tilly Andrews and company are playing a new version of the " New Magdalen," with success. Mr. William Creswick and Mies Helen Ashton are playing to good houses in Adelaide. The Kelly and Leon Minstrels are also making a great hit at this place. 