[N THE BARBER'S SHOP ;. : . 'tFIG'ARO.; " I Iave gathered a posie of other mon's flowers and nothing but the thread that binds them is mitO owD."-M'ONTAIGoNB. T-WAS surprised-all who spoke to me and all to whom I spoke on the subject were surprised-in short, I-believe every iody iu Prahran was surprised when he or she. read in the daily papers of yesterday week the description of the dress in which their Mayor attended the fancy dress ball given b'" the Mayor of Melbourue. It was short-the description, I' mean, not the dress-but it gave rise to long dis cussion and almost endless argument aongst my customers. Many of them had known every Mayor. that Prahran has had, but 0not one had heard of "' Mayoral robes." -What these could consist of was matter of much wonderment outside the chosen few who had been privileged to witness " Sam" disporting himself in them. And there was a general consensus of opinion, when the paragraph in this journal referring to the matter was read on datur day evening, that " we" should be afforded an early- opportunity of witnessing "our" lnayor in his (assumed) "gor-ge-ous array." Thle idea that he should "show" in his "robes " at the next Council meeting was thought good, but insufficient, it being argued that one evening 'wouldn't be half long enough to afford all an opportunity of g~hing on this new and novel splendour, and that the rigorous decorum supposed to be observed at Council meetings would prove too heavy a weight on the spirits of the .many who would want to find a safety-valve for their admiration of their first robed Mayor in audible expressions of gratification-after the fashion of the 0-h-h's!" nttered by people when they see sky-rockets ploughing their way up. wards into night's dark sky. In order tn satisfy this very laudable curiosity, I would suggest that the Mayor should set aside two or three evenings, in which he will show himself for an hour or two in the TPown-hall fully be-robed. Thus writing of this adoption of mayoral robes where such have not existed before, recalls to my mind an instance of re linquishing them where they had been in existence from a time to which the memory of man runneth not. It was in a town in old England, where the corporation was one of the most corrupt bodies which the Corporation Reform Act of some'.40 years ago reformed out of existence. I well remember the agitation which preceded that measure being passed, and how the reformers in the town I'm referring to made as unsparing use of the dresses of the mayor, alderman, and common-councillore as objeats of ridicule, that they. could not well do other, when they came into power, than sweep away the whole official para phernalia. Accordingly, they held an auction-sale, and disposed of every insignia which it was not absolutely needful to keep-amongst them even the large silver gilt mace which used to be carried before His Worship on high days and holidays, and when he went to church on Sundays; and which it was alleged had been pre sented to the town by " good Queen Bess." "Looking back at this distance of time on the proceedings of those zealous reformers, I'm not sure that they didn't display rather more zeal than knowledge; but they had an Au"ean stable to-cleanse, and if in removing the filth they got rid of a few things which might well have been allowed to remain, it's hardly to be wondered at. But I'm wandering from the point I commenced this paragraph with the view of picturing - which was the subsequent history of that mace. At the auction-sale it was purchased by the landlady of a beer shop-a real old true-blue Tory she was for, if I remember rightly, the sum of about 80 guineas, or pounds. And on brackets over the fireplace in the cosy parlour of this beer-selling dame it found a resting-place-excepting when her religious promptings drove her to church, and then she would occasionally have it taken down and carried before ,her, iust as used to be done before the. Mayor. For a time this " bauble" drew to her house many customers, but the novelty wore off, until at last it had to be taken down and sent to her "uncle's." There it lay, I believe, for some years. The acerbity of feeling which led itto its being disposed of in the first instance, however, toned down, and a few years afterwards, as I've since learned, it was purchasedl-y subscription, and re-presented to the corporation for its ancient purpose, which to this day I understand it fulfils, though under less be-gowned and be-wigged splendour than marked its pro-reform existence. I've a customer from whom I should have fancied the power to blush had departed these many years. He's certainly aged enough to have got over that very inconvenient and unpleasant habit. Yet he assured me that the other day the old feeling came suddenly back upon him under these circumstauces : He hailed a 'bus, and on opening the door to get in found it, as he at first thought, quite full of ladies-but a glance .showed him that on one side there were only five passengers, and proceeding to get in room was made for him on that side. He says he wished this had'nt been done, for he couldn't help feeling that he was an intruder. Which ever way he looked he met female eyes that seemed to say, "Wer'e 11 to 1, so mind what you're about." He felt red all the time he was in that 'bus, and vows he'll never again get into another under similiar circumstances. Poor fellow! That knight of the cleaver who was not only fined by the Prahran magistrates for driving a vehicle without lights, but sentenced also to 24 hours' imprisonment for contempt of court, will be more careful, I imagine, if ever acain brought before the beaks, how he indulges in a joke.. When asked as to what he had to say in reply to the- charge made against him, Powell declared "he had plenty of lights-sheeps' lights." I fancy the punishment he received for his "light" treatment of a grave offence must mave made him look quite "' heepish." Can he be a descendant of that other butcher of whom I once heard my grandfather tell this amusing' story The peace established ,by the defeat of "?old Bon~y" at Wterloo was celebrated. ll over Englaind by many rejoicings; of which illuminations formed°'a prominfint item. In the city of Norwich a mob perambulated the. streets, and at every house that''ass not illuminated they demanded," Lights I lights!" If com pliance was not speedilly made the windows were smashed. 'there was a recalcitrant butcher* whose premises were in utter darkness. Not the ghost of a candle was to be seen about them. The mob yelled for "Lights!" and just as their patience was getting exhausted, out of one of the windows was thrust a loig pole, at the end of which there was affixed a bunch of bullocks' lights! The mob took this practical joke in better part than did the Prahran bench-cheered the butcher up roariously, and left his windows whole. Sb you see it depends greatly upon the circumstances under which you perpetrate a joke whether you shall be a hero or a martyr! I have read with painful feelings t narrative of the murder of some missionar3 agents in New Britain, an island off the eastern coast of New Guinea. But thers is one event in connexion with that san catastrophe which has caused me still more painful reflections. Accepting the truth fulness of the narrative referred to, I find that the Rev. George Brown, who seems to be the head of the mission, had some reason-or thought he had-to believe that the savages who committed the murders were plotting further slaughter. He there. fore conceived it to be his duty to make aggression upon the murderers. An expe dition was forthwith organised, and the result of the reprisals was that at least 50, possibly more, of the cannibals were killed, and many of the towns and plantations were destroyed. These prompt measures speedily brought the natives to sue for peace. Now, if I consider this matter merely as a man of the world, I may not find. much cause for censure in it. But if I view it from the Christian standpoint, which I suppose the Rev. George would wish me to do, then I want to know whence he derives his justification for so wanton a taking of human life? I really can find no colourt of excuse for it, either in 'the life ofMr. Brown's Divine Master, or in the teachings of the New Testament. But the reverse. Who was it told his followers that "Vengeance is Mine," and rebuked his over-zealous apostle when he drew his .sword and cat off a man's ear ? Had Mr. Brown been in deadly peril of being killed himself, I might perhaps have excused him for, momentarily'forgettitg these teachings, and using carnal weapons wherewith' to preserve his 'life'; but to de liberately organise a force to take life and burn houses, as a matter of vengeance, is what I can't reconcile with his profession asa minister of the gospel of peace. I most truly hope that further information will come to hand placing this rev. gentleman's conduct in a more favourable hght than, I'm sorry to say, I can now view it., To de liberately murder savages doesn't seem to me to be the right way to Christianize them. I notice that in an answer to an inquiry as to what amount of religious instruction is imparted to the scholars in the Gram mar Schools in connexion with the Church of England, it was stated that in the school in question "the Bible is read daily." There must be some mistake here, for in any school where " the Bible is read daily " there would be no time left for any other instruction I I suppose the writer meant that a portion of the sacred book was read each day. But then why didn't he say so? I learn that those persons who went to the Council meeting on Monday evening, on the off chance that the Mayor would disport himself in his new official toggery, were wofully disappointed, as he appeared in his usual everyday costume. This arose, I understand, not from any unwillingness on the Mayor's part to gratify the laudable curiosity of.the ratepayers, but simply from his excessive natural modesty. He couldn't work himself up to the pitch required to render himself " the observed of all ob servers." But this won't do, Mr. Mayor! We are dying to see you in your full-blown dignity; and by hook or crook we will, or my name's not " Figaro." So you'd better make your mind to the inevitable. You are our Mayor, and we can't tolerate that you should "show" to the city of. Mel bourne, and not suffer us to feast our eyes on you bedecked in your brand new robes, Out with them, my boy, before the gloss of newness has departed, and they become moth-eaten for want of an airing I Here is a wee, flower,, but one of the sweetest I'vo had a chance, of putting in my posy for many a week. A tradesman in Prahran recently received an envelope in which was a I1-note, and these few words-" Enclosed is a small debt of long standing.-Yours faithfully, HONESTY." Tho recipient ofthis unexpecte "conscience money" is quite unable to imagine who sent it. . If he has any doubts as to the propriety of applying it to his otvn use, I would suggest to him that Hospital Sunday is close at hand. I think " Honesty" has proved by this action that conscience doesn't make cowards of us all, for lie has had the .courage to make restitution with out any provocative thereto but the promptings of the " still small voice." All honour to him ! Some silly fellow, with queer notions of fun and joke, has, I hear during the past week placed a great many women and children in quite a ferment of fear by the silly expedient of appearing in the character of a ghost about" Lover's Walk " and other places in South Yarra, It may be thought good thu to frighten little girls and boys into hysterics, and old women into fits, but my ghostly friend if caught will be shown that the fathers and husbands of his victims entertain a differ ent view of such mad pranks. He is being vigilantly looked out for, and will there. fore if wis,, drop his foolery at once. For should he be captured I'll engage he won't be able to sit down comfortably for some timet o come. For my part, I, don't think thete'd be much harm in shooting him, not dead, but just sufficiently to convince. him that present.dayghosts are not invulnerable to cold lead...... .. 