SPORTING NOTES FROM HOME. BY ROBLN HOOD. LONDON, MAY 10. The Warwick Spring Meeting was con cluded on the day my . last was despatched, and a very successful gathering it turned out to be ; justly BO, too, as £1,600 added money is a nice little sum to be given away at a com paratively minor meeting. On the second day Advance won the .handicap for Capt. Machell, and a dear win -it was, for, as will be seen anon, the penalty incurred by his so doing cost the shrewd captain the City and Suburban and a large stake. Passion week succeeded, and the- Notting ham people for the second time set aside the hitherto time-honoured custom of not hold ing a race meeting during the. week. The speculation seems to have been, liQwever, very successful one, as a large attendance and good racing were the Jesuits. The sur prise of the meeting was the defeat of Hesper for the Nottingham Handicap. Odds of 2 to 1\. were freely laid on the Croydon hurdle race winner, but to the surprise of everyone Archer was seen to be in trouble a distance from home, and St. Cuthbert, well-ridden by Newhonse, won in a ranter by four lengths. Hesper was, however, conceding a stone and 111b. Tattersall's was but thinly attended on Easter Monday, nearly everyone being out of town, many racing men going to the seaside, whilst others betook themselves to New market to be early on the spot, ready on the morrow to assist at the first meeting at head quarters. To those who did put in an ap pearance, however, at Albert-gate, the fol lowing wordB on the notice-board, signed by Messrs. Weatherby, came like a thtinder-clap: -" Beauclerc was struck out of the Two Thousand Guineas arid Derby at 12 minutes past 1 this day : by telegram, from Mr. C. Perkins/of Durham." I say the announce ment came like a thunder-clap from the fact that up to the moment' the Notification ap* peared not -a whisper prejudicial to the colt had been heard; he was reported to be going on Wonderfully well, and most good judges, looked upon the big race of the year as being almost at his mercy. It seems that on the Saturday the_ colt did a good gallop and i walked to his stable quite aonnd/ but at night it -was found that his leg had filled, and as the horse was dead lame on the Monday,' the pen was.at once pjut through Ma name. Great sympathy wag erpr$£sed for 'Mr. Perkins ana the trainer, W; I'Anson, and the more 80 that both had ? behaved in so sportsmanlike a manner, and not : got a shilling out of. the horse when his chance was judged to be hopeless. The trainer,: I'Alison," 'particularly tame in "for high en-' comioms, as there can! be'no xloubt that fee - kept" the secret entirely from all but hia fitti ployer, although there wasjnany a jbhoosand to be made out of it had lip chosen tp rise* his knowlMgefqr his own ejids. Oh tJhejday' of hismishaptne son of Xtosicrocianwiasin; such idfiniftna jtfaat .2 toi; 1 ioz the Guineas and:5tolfor the Derby were taken to a-deal " of. monqy. . Qf coyj^e ^he downlall of the' favoiirite cauBeff a rush atiiiwata in. the second rank, --and SirJdsepli advanced to 5 to l, 6 and8 to' i^eihg TOksen'about'InsuIflire andChildericirebpettiFely.' . ... [j The .Newmarket ; Crayen Meeting ? ^com menced on Easter "Tuesday,, and extended' over the follpwmgJFriday.. .On the'fiwlr day' the_ chief race wafe tlie NeWi&aiket; Biennial, . which of >? late years has been looked rnponaS. almost -as .great a Derby; tfial asr^he ,1T Thousand Itself, as althougha^yet niotbrse1 haB-woh thiB raqe and the 'Derby,J StttfBftie Gowh ran second to The TS&rl; -for it^ and' Favonius to Albert Victor,. before highest jhonwire ^tEpsom; TJ»e winne? thi$ yeartumeaup in a rank outsider) belonging to Count Lagrange. named Pontoise, by Dutcfc Skater out, of L'Oifie, againist 'Jwh6se chance hundreds toeight-were going begging. Beeper wag second and Wild DaxeU tmnL ?/. The really , great event of the opening day at Newmarket, however, was, the^re:appear ance, after, a nearly three yfeara'/ghBehce. of George Fdrdham 'in thepigskin ontefeifiore. Fordnam -will be remembered by all asthe jockey who for some twenty-years has been prominently before the public,, and against whom there 'had never beeti the breath of suspicion. He h$d retired Linto private life, it was thought, for ever 4 but 'he, had, - it seemed, invjested p very large sum of money with k .Frenchman, ' Who, seems to have ewinaledhim.^naas hecanrideat7st.'51b^ or eome lllbi ieas than ^hen.he left 6ff, lie defr^imned tojhave afew more years |p.' the »adgto jbefpre, wkijag a final. tetirement. gfe first jrace j^ThnPju^oa^ ihtheBnK \--i#: apd. here he, tan second' t6 Fiie& .^-oiigeet my; he lived, For this race Dun wta ftgr^ favoiitite, odifci being laid oa it. ^d until wi thin fiO j^ of Jti^hair It looked any odfo on' t^^ng^ntoaL down, 4uSd, mvomyrfih one ofthoee, mslirt for which WW 80 famopa/won awteiidid race genuen^i and nngmen, *T«aMS ng <>»<»<'a*> .ft ;±jst £, t r 1 epond. aaya^, Newnwkejtintaajduped br^a^-e^t pt^^and 1 fStfimP* fcaoked fortjie Derby at { 33** tbWiPQlt Is. by Ti .much dpubt, as he is -j whenhe iwwijtbefitew m. n (HftdWore, par.; ?" Wp&h; on Jibe wood. Blanton, his trainer, rather favours the idea that he is by Cremorne. but the fact that the latter is the more fashionable blood of the two makes the* wish, I fancy, lather t,, the though t.A%r theCraxenStakefc came the Nineteenth Biennial, for which Lord Pal mouth pulled out Silvio, and, over the Ditch In two miles 105 yards, last year's Derby and Leger winner never gavelua oppbhjenta a ghost of a chance, but. won in a: center by three lengths, although carrying a 71b. penalty. On die last day at Newmarket the racing was unimportant, except in so far that Thurio's excellence was still further con firmed by the victory of II Gladiator^ in the International Handicap. As In the Newi market Handicap on the second day, the three year old cut down the son of Gladiateur very easily. There were, of course, any number of other race meeting during Easter week in all parts of the kingdom, but at none of them was there any event decided worth even a passing notice. A most glorious day was the 30th of April, the first day of the Epsom' Spring Sleeting, the City and Suburban day, ana really everything (except the abominable Epsom arrangements, which are too well known to need repeating) was in harmony with the weather. Large fields, an enormous attendance, and the course in splendid order -thanks to a little rain over night. Racing commenced with the time-honoured Trial Stakes, for which there were nine runners, the betting being 5 to 4 against Hesper, 5£ to 4 against Dalham, and 20 to 1 bar two. This was a splendid race, as from the stand the two favourites drew clear of their field, and fought out a ding-dong race home, Dalham ultimately winning by a short head. Then San Francisco, having won a maiden plate for two year olds, a splendid field of 28 mustered at the post for THE CITY AND SUBURBAN HAKDIOAP, Of 15 60vs. each, 10 ft., with 200 added; second re ceived 50 sovs. ; winners extra; about one mile and a quarter. 118 subs., 29 of whom paid 5 SOVB. each. Mr. W. 8. Crawfurd'B b c Sefton, by Speculum Liverpool's dam, 3 yrs, 6at. 71b. (carried Set. 81b.) (Gallon) .. .. : 1 Lord Lonsdale's b g Advance, bv Speculum--Pro gress, 5 yrs, Sst. (including 101b. extra), (Mordan) 2 Lord Bradford's ch f Manoeuvre, by Lord Clifdeu Quick March, 4 yrs, fst. 21b. (Morgan) .. ..3 Eetrarch, 5 yrs, 9st. 41b. ; Julius Caesar, 5 yrs, 8st 121b.; Placida, 1 yrs, Sst Sib.; fbntainebleau, 4 yrs, 8st. 41b.: Vemeuil, 4 yrs, 8st. 41b.; Belphaebe, 4 yrs, 8st. 21b.; Kaleidoscope, 5 yrs, 7st. 131b. (including 101b. extra); Bob Boy, A yrs, 7st. 121b.; Bosy Cross, 4 yrs, 7st. 121b.; Snail, aged, 7st. 111b.; Muscatel, 4 yrs, 7st. 81b.; Touchet, 4 yrs, 7st. 61b.; Helena, 4 yrs, 7st. Sib.; Chevron, 4 yrs, 7st. 21b.; Lord Clive, 8 yrs, 6st. 12lb. :Ithona, 5 yre, 6st. 101b. ; little Harry, 5 yrs, Cst. 91b.; Luckpenny, 4 yre, 6st. 61b. ; Fair Lyonese, 3 jtb, Cat. 21b.; Eminence, 3 yre, Get.; cby Buccaneer -Hope, 3 yrs, 6st. 101b.; Sutler, 3 yrs, fist. 91b. (carried Cst); c by Adamas-Remnant, 3 yrs, Sst. 91b. (carried Sst. 101b.); Chevronel, 3 yrs, 5st. 91b.; Good Friday, 3 yre, Sst. 71b., also ran. Betting.-11 to 2 agst Petrarch, 100 to 15 agst Kaleidoscope, 7 to 1 agst Sefton. 9 to 1 agst.Placida, 10 to 1 agst Fontainebleau, 100 to 8 agst Manoeuvre, 100 to 7 each agst Bob Boy and Bosy Cross, 100 to 6 agst Chevron, 20 to 1 each agst Lord - dire and Touchet, 33 to 1 each agst Little Harry and Belphaebe, 40 to 1 agst Advance, SO to 1 each agst Helena, the Hope colt, Ithona, and Fair Lyonese, 66 to leachagst Julius Caesar, Muscatel, Eminenoe, and Sutler; and 100 to 1 each agst Veraeuil, Luckpenny, Bemnant colt,, Chevronel, and Good Friday, It is very rarely such a good field of horses as the aboveris eeen at the post in any one race, and as the handicap had been voted.a good one by everybody, <md there had.been an immense amount of betting, .there ,was great excitement when the horses took, their preliminary canter past. before goingthrough the paddock to muster at the post. The start wta verymuih delayed by Chevron, who for half an hour or more persistently refused to join his horses, and had to be'absolutely .backed into "them from 150 yards from the post . WJien at last the, flag was dropped to a capital fetart, Chevron got off well With his horses, which, little Jarvja .finding, he gave the horse a .touch of the spur, thinking to drive J»im along, and so head his iield from start to finish. Here, heiwwwrlie reckoned without'his host.forthe hoi«e stopped dead, then- whipped; roiwd _suddej}Jyi'..'arid little I horsed "oP«^^^^^op^:^^r^iAerle8S. I Whilst all this- was *? occurring* however, Touchet was m«*ingL8tr«&g; trttmiing, and, i followed by Julius Cassar, Sefton, and 1 Placid, came . Sopg at a PraqBM pace just clear -ot Peti&rch;, Manttuvre,' Kaleidoscope, ; and a dozen others in thp ruck. This order was dftawndii^Tattenhani corner .fFheie Archer,, with./ ap. immense amount of nenre, shot oil Placida clear across his ,hore^,.jm4 took the raifer, it was a grand^nefce of jockeyship, but awfully nsky. Th$ mare, .however,, directly, .after; com poun&edtinder; the Wdijpit \ toia Petrarch, too; whengoing.jyell.gotknocked about and re fu&ejLtp; W-aiiyqiorewith his 9st.'4lb., do thattheJjssiie asqiaeij flift» Sefton^TEquchet, and Manoeuvre ; when all at oiice. Advance came with-a wet sail, - and Tpuchet ^ being beaten,jjih& tjiree fought.oat... ft good race home, Sefton winning -by a head irom Advance, and Manaauvre half, a length off third,. Kaleidoscope! fourth, and Placida next.; 1 Time,: 2m. 14a. . Value of the 7 to'lfor ffiefeerS^^int^ Craven^Stakes at Newmarket iie gave the iwinner 71b. beating.. On the 8eoo&dday;> the; attendance was nothing lilpe so-: large, nor was tne weather favorable, ./placida won ^ me Great iBurrey. Handicap, ;Wteider, Stratkmore.and 10 others. . The^W<le^k Plate, with £500 added^or tw'y^ o1^ ofWalee' The Epeom (Wf^k w^fimshed-with three .capital' daya' tacitagjit \ I' muBt h4ste4 do with It, ^ of events as the hold tbpi* ®^RkcTan°d fully, incwaseds in public ^inte^^wmiHv than «? fine apring^noming, a man iond of foerie (Is sio iplaoe ui thfe world hke tot .,^A»,4rrt;?4w^da,_tUe ikef acpred pother win later in me omj^ ouSkbyce, Ih the Rsftdidii stsbliOf and mis -troajrhi frtrol«i«w»ten totfavonrite- And fee.>rinoet p^f Wjala», i^iyon by. th® H^ 0<^ by » tame #bJi& bnrfte vexy isnufpy; 5.1* ,jnously in London, and no doubt deterred «niv hundreds from journeying to the rnciiiff metropolis, so what with bad weather ond tnc unaccountable apathy attending the rnce this year, the heath presented but a poor .nwearance throughout the day. Of course fiicre were many more spectators than on any ordinary day, but still not all up to. "Guineas" average. At the rooms before racing Pil ?rrrimace and Insulaire were equal favourites ft 3 to 1 each, but the bulk of the money went on to Lord Lonsdale's filly, and it was evident she would start at a Bhort price. "Rnvalist having won a handicap plate, and The Monk (a brother of Holy Fnar) the May Stakes, ten Btarters mustered at the post for THE TWO THOUSAND GUINEAS STAKES. a (subscription of 100 SOVB. each, h ft. For three year olds-colts, 8st. 101b.; fillies, 8st. 61b. Second received 200 sovs. out of the stakes, and third saved his stako. K.M. (1 mile 17 yards). 91 subs. +Lord Lonsdale's ch f Pilgrimage, by the Eari or Palmer-Lady Audley, by Macaroni, 8st. 61b. fl\ Cannon) .. . . . . : .. .. 1 .HCount F, de Lagrange's bl c Insulaire, 8st. 101b. (Goater) 2 4jjr. w. S. Crawfurd's b c Sefton, 8st. 101b. (J. . Osborne) 3 jlr. Acton's b c Bayonet, 8st. 101b. (Glover) .. 0 *<Mr! J. H. Hoaldsworth's ch c Glengarry, 8st. 10li). (Custance) ..0 *}Couut F. de Lagrange's b c Inval, 8st. 101b. (Morris) .. ..0 ?*<Count Festetic's ch c Oasis, 8st. 101b. (Fordham) 0 *iMr. A. Baltazzi's b c, by Buccancor-Hope, 8st. 101b. (H. Jeffery) 0 *jMr. Jos. Dawson's ch c Athol Lad, 8st. 101b. (C. *lLord^alroouth'B<3hilderic, 8st. 101b. (F. Archer) 0 Horses marked thus * arc In the Derby, t the Oaks, i St. Leger. Betting at the Start.-2 to 1 agst Pilgrimage, 9 to 4 jurgt Insulaire, 9 to 2 agst Childeric, 10 to 1 agst Sefton, 25 to 1 agst Athol Lad, 60 to 1 agst Hope colt, 60 to 1 nget Glengarry, 1000 to 15 agst Oasis, 1000 to 15 agst Bayonet, 100 to 1 agst Inval. The field caused but very little trouble at the post, and were despatched punctually to a capital start, when almost immediately the all scarlet of Sefton was seen in the van, closely attended by Childeric, Glengarry, Pilgrimage, and Athol Lad. After going half a mile, the latter was beaten, and imme diately afterwards Childeric and Glengatry also beatings retreat, Sefton was left with the lead, closely attended by the two favour ites. On reaching the dip Sefton was in trouble, and a couple of hundred yards from home was passed by Insulaire, upon whom Cannon on the favourite was very patiently waiting, and drawing level as the ascent for home was commenced, went on and won easily by half a length. Sefton was third, beaten a length, i'our lengths off came Childeric, fourth; the absolute last being Prince Charlie's roaring brother Athol Lad. Value of the stakes, £4,650. Time, lm. 56s. There can be no doubt that the best animal in the race won, and on public form Bhe was deservedly a strong favourite. She ran five times as a two year old, and won four; the only defeat Bhe suffered being in the Middle park Plate, when she ran third to Beauclerc and the Katie colt, and as these were both out of the way to-day she confirmed her public form of last year. She is engaged in the One Thousand Guineas, ran to-aay, and in the Oaks. In the Prince of Wales Stakes, for four year olds only, Thunderstone had the temerity to oppose Silvio, and as he was in receipt of 111b. the ring fielded Bomewhat pluckily; the result, however, was never in doubt, as last year's Derby -winner romped home four lengths ahead of the big chesnut. Yesterday, being the off-day, there was really nothing worth sending an account of, and to-day's events I must leave till my next, except, perhaps, to give the. result of the " Fillies'Guineas." The raid against ready-money betting on racecourses still continues, and it was freely noised abroad that even »t the Epsom Spring: a stop to it would be attempted; there was, however, no visible .sign of anything of the kind, and the: babel was, in both the grand' and Barnard's stands, as loud as ever; nay, lists even were freely used in thelatteredifice, there being at least 50 list- men along , the last 100 Tards of the rails from the' winning post. To attempt to stop this sort of thing jby force would be as futile as absurd. At the same time it is quite on the cards that. the; detectives were taking the names. of. the offenders-the layers, anyhow, although backers are equally liable. 1 hawve not,; how- . ever, as yet heard that any one has been summoned over the-EpBom meeting. ? Mr. Chaplin has got into very.. bad odour with race-goers over this ready- money betting affair. It is lie who is blamed for edging on the Government to prosecute, and as it is well known that he won more money over ? Hermit's Derby, than any man probably ever won over a single race'in the history of the turf, and as it is -also well known that he can and does bet in hundreds with a nod of his head, it does seem rather "rough" to the uncultivated mind' of the ready-money "dollar" investor; that he, Mr. Chaplin, should of all others be the main to put a stop to the fun. If the agitation came from Mr. Bright. Spurgeon, or the Archbishop of Canterbury it would be more intelligible. The French have a good way. of raising money for some of their race meetings, viz. by making all list-keepers pay a tax; thus, at the meeting at La Marcne, although the added money amounted to only £320, the tax collected from about 50 list-men who were present realised no less asufai than §276. ThiSj however, is: better than being wied £20 by th» magistrates. The notoriousLiberator, .which, it will be re membered, was deliberately scratched for the wrand National on theeveoftherace when first favourite, was, when taken back to Dublin, offered * op -for; sale at . Sewell's - repository, and booght in for 78Qtguineas.: 1 am very surprised <he was notdis P°&pd; of at that figure, as it is «ertain he will not {whilst «n 'his -present stable) shown much favour by" the handi -capper. He had his chance towina great nee, and missed It, and it is highly, impro- ? «>abte thathfe will ever -be allowed another. -1 heard to-day, from a great frieridof: Mr. jwkins's, that the latter gentleman now ininks thatrthere~lr^UBlr a thing as being 39® qiick as wjellaa too slow? in «cratohing ft i borse. Ittee^th&tBfit;^l^rchas'idfarbot ®uccesafully, evenlf the descent from Totten comer in the Derby, had proved too ^lucaforthe weak leg: nbw, of conrse, he; to|1 have to. be reserved for 'the Leger, for 'HcMhonld he come to the.postsfit,he will1 "tart firet favourite, let what Trill. win the ~®«>y. As Pilgrimage's TwoThoasalid vie-: «ory has fully confirmed the good' form the of KosicmciMx showed in the .Middle1'1 iark PJate last season.itwill be Tery. shard Jmea for Mr. Perkins to find his oolt quite «ound by Derby day,as th«re can beaodoubt,' J»Bientipned above, that he behaved ma i°o^hlTiipftiifam»»Bl>lriiiiB«wiM in scratch MR SO -n«omp( -,-land and Westnaor&land; Wrest ;-oocjety held their amnrigathering at *4JJie-bridge, on Good Priday^?Bomei very F^^flpoS was shown;: some *of bouts hotlyconteiBted/ In the list: prize, **ving threw X&wion; toy ift back'hftfel ifirst, and m the second off his cheat, after Lawson nad tried a cross-buttock. In the contest for country list, men, W. Matthews beat Pooley for the final: they got a fall each and tossed ! tor the decider; these men were very evenly matched. For the all-weight championship, V\ . Blair, of Stockport, carried all before him, in "ie obtained first and second falls from G. Steadman, although the latter was a far heavier man. On the afternoon of the University boat race, Lulie-bridge was crowded to witness what was called a great exhibition'of pro fessional championB. The most interesting event was that of Sazael, the ten mile champion, who was backed at odds for a lot of money to beat Deerfoot's great "best-on record " feat of running 10 miles in 51m. 26s. Hazael, however, although, a fine runner, altogether failed to accomplish this, for he | took 57m. 42s. to complete the journey. There can be no doubt that the Indian's per formance was a very great one, and one that I will take a lot of wipingout. ?On the night the last mail left the annual aasault-at-arms of the London Athletic Club was held in St. James's Hall. The meeting was a highly successful one, the sword feats and wrestling being very good. Allen arid Ned Donnelly, the ex-pugilists, wound up the evening with a " set-to," when, although the latter showed the most science, it was vepy evident that Tom Allen would have been too .many guns for him had the occasion been a glove fight instead of a scientific display bf the " noble art of self-defence." As there is sometimes some little difficulty with you as to the correct definition of an amateur oarsman, it may not be uninterest ing to quote the English rule, as recently defined at a meeting of university and other leading rowing club representativesAn amateur oarsman or sculler must be an officer of Her Majesty's army or navy or civil ser vice, a member of the liberal professions, or of the universities or public schools, or of : any established boat or rowing club not con taining mechanics or professionals, and must not have competed in any competition for either a stake, or money, or entrance-fee, or with or against a professional for any prize, or have taught, pursued, or assisted in the pursuit of athletic exercises of any kind as a means of livelihood ; or have ever been em ployed in or about boats or in manual labour; or be a mechanic, artisan, or labourer." I had intended saying a little about cricket by this mail, but I find all my space is gone ; and, besides, you will be hearing quite enough about cricket in England before many weeks are over. The season has, of course, com menced, although it can hardly be said to be in full swing. As this leaves, however, an important match is being played at Cam bridge, between the University and an All England eleven, and amongst the latter team is our old friend Midwinter, who seems to have wintered well, as he ran up a good 24 in his first innings before he was caught by the Hon. A. Lyttleton, " Mid" had bis revenge, however, as he caught and bowled Mr. Lyttleton in his second over, after the latter had made 24 off Mycroft and Mr. W. G. Grace. 