ALLEGED EXPOSURES OP SPIRITUALISM. . To the Hditor. sin.-As yon were kind enough to insert my last letter in your valuable paper, I now forward you another on the same Subject. I stated in my last that I would adduce further evidence of the materialisation of spirits, and I now hasten to do so. Dr. Watson, the editor of Ihe American spiritual maga zlne, who was formerly a Wesleyan Methodist minister Dut left the Wesleyans when he became a spiritualist, bas written several works on the subject. He has always maintained that primitive Christianity and spiritualism are identical, A Dr, Edwards, chief editor of the North- Western Christian Advocate, an American Wesleyan periodical, having stated In his paper that there is not a single performance In sny one of the cabinets or dark circles in Europe, America, or England which cannot be duplicated or explained us hollow or cheat- ing tricks, Dr. Watson thus replies to him " I can say I have seen, handled, and talked to a material ised form known as 'John King,' in London, while I sat by and held tho medium myself, nil with a light sufficient for his photograph to be taken, which I have had In my library for years. .* I have seen the same individual in America, at the Cen- tennial, while the gentleman medium was confined in an iron cage, come out to me, standing by me for sometime, talkine freely of our former meeting in London. His fea- tures are as strongly marked as any I ever saw, and, when once seen, leave an impression on the memory that time can. scarcely erase. When we parted, he squeezed mj hand to hard that it pained me for several minutes. At the same time, Uishop Polk came out with his surplice, looking about like he did in earth-life, when a confederate general. While he was commander of this department, he occupied in this city the same building that JL did. I knew him intimately, and recognised him when we met at Philadelphia. Ihnve been for over ten years investigating this phase of spiritu- alism with a number of mediums, and in several states, under the best conditions-of ten in the daytime, and under circumstances where fraud was impossible. I can unhesi- tatingly assert that these manifestations have been of such a nature as will meet the most exacting de- mands of science. I have had many materialisations m my library, where vhere was only a curtain hung up in a corner for a cabinet, with a brick wall on each side.andnoth ing behind it but a choir, the medium having been carefully searched before taking her seat. In a few seconds after BUS passed behind the curtain three forms draped in white appeared in a good light. I have had as many as five come out and stand with their backs to the wall tn have their height marked thereon, varying from eighteen to twenty Inches, and none of them the height of the medium. In these oases there was no possibility of trap doors or secret entrances, as below is tbe dining room, and no entrance possible only through a brick wall and the curtain In front, which is often raised, and the medium seen apparently dead. "I have had my spirit wife hold the curtain up and call me to examine and see that the medium was there all in the day- light. She hos shown herself often in the daytime, in (ne presence of scores of living witnesses, has taken a chair and sat down by my side, talking as in other days." I dismiss as unworthy of either credence or seri- ous comment, the supposition that Dr. Watson has in the preceding extract told a wilful and deliberate falsehood ; and I fall to perceive how anv man possessing ordinary common sense could be deluded by the tricks of a medium under the circumstances described. Dr. Watson has tested these materialisations in various ways, and has examined the subject for years, and yet the result of his in« quiry has been a profound conviction that spirits do maier ri alise, and present themselves to the eyes of the spectators in real objective forms. Mr. Parkas. P.Ti.u-.B., of Newcastle-upon-T.yne, in Bag« : land, prepared a cabinet in his own house for the purpose of testing the medium. He locked the door of the cabinet with a lock which required the use of three keys in opening the ' door, and these three keys he kept in his own pocket, so that noone but himself should get into the cabinet to secrete apparatus or drapery in it. When the medium arrived, Mr. ' Barkas made him take off his clothes under supervision, and then being satisfied he had no drapery about his person, he fjave h'm a snit of dark clothes to put on, after which hehad lim placed in the cabinet. The cabinet contained nothing white. Shortly afterwards the door of the box or cabinet opened, and a little black girl dressed in white went out of the cabinet into the circle, walked about amongst the people, moved several objects in the room from one place to another, and laid her head on Mr. Barks** shoulder. After remaining outside the cabinet for a con- siderable length of time, manifesting all the attributes of an intelligent human being, she, or the apparit ion, retired into the cabinet and disappeared. Afterwards a tall female form appeared, and was succeeded by a male form dressed in flowing white drapery, wearing a'turban on his or its head, and having a black busby beard. We know perfectly well that all this could be imitated. The cabinet might be placed over a trap-door opening into a room beneath, thus allowing a black girl, a woman, nnd a mon (all suitably dressed)" issue from the cabinet and to retire into it. A clumsy de- vice of this kind, or some analogous device, would most likely be adopted by a Baldwin and a Bishop in their attempts to imitate the phenomena. But how could suca a device be applied in Mr. Barkas's own house, in the cabinet prepared by himself, and under the circumstances already described? The men who travel over the world ma,ljP» money bj pandering to the prejudices and ignorance of ins multitude respecting these phenomena, oFsure their patrons that they can duplicate all alleged spiritual facts; but none, of them would consent to submit'to the tests which Mr. Barkas imposed on young Petty, and which the latter.c£e.ehr" fully submitted to without in any way interfering with wa production of the phenomena. The Kev. Thomas Colley, late chaplain to one pf Her Mujesty's ships of war, has described materialisations wn'c". he witnessed under circumstances that, so far as I am able to perceive, precluded all chance of fraud or decepuou being practised. 'J he medium was Dr. Monk, formerly » Baptist minister. There was no cabinet used at uje»« seances. A mist came out of Dr. Monk's side, and twoT Mr. Colley's eyes, grew gradually into tae*or^_B,)'a woman, whose beauty surpassed description. Tül8WOn¡,|nir form or snirit, as I believe it to have been, ofter rernsjnina visible for'a considerable length of time, again vanished mist into Dr. Monk's side. The form was palpable to toucu well as to sight, and therefore could not he an meet vj" duoed by mirrors or by any optical contrivance wnaiev« Samuel Wheeler, a deceased Baptist minister, appeareami" same way, and was distinctly recognised by some « ««tton. nesses who had formerly been members of his oongreg»« . Hy a mist issued from Dr. Monk's side, and graauai ^ grew into a swarthy form, supposed to be that of an BIJ^ Kren miu u »\Yuiuu,y lunn, OUJJIJUOT ~~ I v, A tliprawai Egyptian. The whole process was closely watcnea, tuc« no assumption of the character by the medium, for he wasiu standing before their eves, and the appearance was UIOTB » distinct from the medium, and the witnesses nao It growing out of ihe mist, whichi came out m Monk's side. The idea of an optical d««DB the Pepper's Ghost (which is merely a looking gnni {fl images produced by a concave u»rl'or;. orf",i" orelioit I lantern, ls excluded by tho fuct ihut the f°['n £nKessej walked about and lay down on a sofa, allowing; me . |0 to feel its hands and feet, It also spoke, but could not u xi *h« medium was controlled by Samuel Wbeele A manifestations ooourred In a fully lighted root ^OL S "as no cabinet, the medium being visible all tl SSS. ,.nder ibo eyes of the witnesses, who distinctly saw tl î^&oomeoufcofthomedium;'Bside.tho forms grow out< and then again retire in the shape of mists int & meoWs side. The Rev. Mr Colley's eyes we: Suihi a few inches of the retreating form when lt vaniahc SnDr Mona's side. Do any of tho travelling conjuro »no Pretend to expose spiritualism duplicate, or eve ïïnmnb* to duplicate eruoial phenomena of this kmd vir*v swagger at a tremendous rate, recraok any numbi nfstftle Joe Millrlsmse. travestie the more easily Imitat« nhenoniena of spiritualism, and then boast that their pe fnrmanees have been endorsed by the Press, the clergy, an ilMnnbllo, as the most crushing blows that spiritualism ht ^received. Even supposing that spiritualism Is a systei nfhnmbuff. and that spirit mediums aro impostors, I mali "tn thsi the men who profess to expose the tricks of tl mediums, and who pass off a miserable travestie of thoi tricia as s duplication of them, are a thousand times great« ind more blatant humbugs than the men and women the crafess to expose. leonid cite scores of testimonies similar to the precedin with respect to the phenomena of materialisation, but tb foregoing will ßcrve as samples of the evidence which can! nroaoceain attestation of these phenomena. I am full ¡J¡mrethat deceptions have been practised, and that thoy hav been found out and exposed. Theso exposures hav been made chiefly by the spiritualists themselves. But 1 addition to these real exposures, there have occurred man allégea exposures, whioh, while they served to show the es posers ignorance, had really no bearing on the evidence c Ritualism. The Katie King exposure, as it is called in coi: section with tho Holmes in Amerioa, over which the nows popenso jubilantly bragged and swaggered, rests on evidonc toslender that no British jury would convict a petty thle upon lt. A woman named White, of doubtful repute, wh Jud lived a part of her life in a liquor saloon, and had aban doned her husband, professed to have been engaged by th Holmes to play ghost at their seances. Two facts were ver' clearly established by the inquiry into tho matter which th ipirltuallsts Instituted, namely, that the woman received i jam of money either as a bribe to tell a lie or a9 an aid ti enable her to tell the truth, and that on one occa rion at the time when she declared she wa playing as- a ghost, she was proved to ha vi been In company with a young man afc a theatre. The test! mony of this woman is the only evidence for the alleged ex posare, and that testimony I regard as of no value in argument Yet a portion of the Press ohuokled amazingly over this affair, and editors, sub-editors, reporters, and all members ol tbs staff from the printer's devil upwards, rubbed theil bands with glee, and laughed in their sleeves at the sillj credulity of the spiritualists, and the unfathomable prof un dlty of their own wisdom. If tho witness had borne testi- mony in favour of spiritualism, and not against it, notoneoi the parties which created such a pother over the matter would have believed her evidence, butas she gave evidence in harmony with their prejudices, asa matter of course she was regarded as a reliable witness. Borne of these alleged exposures of spiritualism are really amusing. An instance of this kind occurred in Victoria tome short time back. A Mrs. P., a medium, then residing, I believe, at Castlemaine, found that when she was titting in a seance, the doors being locked, penderable bodies wero Introduced Into the room. The mys- tery oonld not be solved.it was supposed, without the uid of ? spirits. The wonder was reported and talked of, and at length Mrs. P. consented to give a sitting to some Press «avants from Melbourne, who, doubtful of their own ability to face a ghost, thought it wise to take with them Detective Blaok as a sure defence against all things evil. Even his satanic brightness himself would scarcely be a match for a Melbourne detective. Does not a detective often pounce down like a thunderbolt on the employees, the dear children, and affectionate friends of his sereno highness ? And if he can overcome them, why should he not* be able to beard the lion to his den, and, like Ithuriel in '* Paradise Lost," prove himself mare than a match for the grisly king? Mr. Black had hrs own opinions about the phenomena which were re v ported to occur through Mrs. P.'s mediumship, and lie de- termined to test them. The test he adopted shows very eieariy how utterly incompetent he Is to act the role of a spiritualI detective. I dare say he is clever enough in his own lina of business; but clearly, as the sequel will show, the ghost wa* too much for him. Tea over, Detective Black -weighed the medium, the weight was recorded, and tho sitting began, the detective plichur his back against the door. The precise length of time that elapsed before anything occurred was not stated, tat some time after the comm enoement of the seance a slight noise as of something dropping on the .table was heard; a fight was strack, aud a glass of water was found on the table. Tho glass of water was weighed, and then the medium was weighed, when it was found that she had lost exactly the weight of the glass of water. The glass of water weighed 8oz, and Mrs. P. had lost 8oz in weight. The inference was plain and couldnot be denied. Mrs. P., when she was first weighed, hid the glass of water about her person, and when she was weighed a second time she had parted with it. Bhe had pre- ssed the water in the glass, whilo it was secreted on her person by means of an IndWubber capsule, which capsule she had removed when she placed the glass on the table. This was the hypothesis adopted to explain the fact. The news- papers were delirious. The Telegraph went into hysterics;, the Argus crowned Detective Black with wreaths of parsley and lanrel, and even the sober Age told the spiritualists that they were under a cloud. There was great rejoicing over the exposure and discomfiture of poor Mrs. £. The Argus in particular read the spiritualists a solemn homily on the silliness of their proclivities and superstitions, anditold them with characteristic arrogance and pomposity, taatwhenevertheir so-called spiritual facts wereexbaustivcly ejamined, they always yielded a fiasco analagous to that obtained in the Castlemaine seance. Can it be be- lieved that the editors of the Melbourne papers, and all the gentlemen connected with this examination. Mule thus glorifying themselves on the profundity of their wwonj, wore really sitting on a physiological mare's nest, ^Ungtheeggaandtheirownbrainsatthosamctimo? Mrs. ( r.otight to have lost weight from tho operation of natural canses durjng the seance. But beforo I adduce proofs of this Mramption, I may remark that it is Just as reasonable to ! «appose that Detective Black put the glass of water on the «Ne as to suppose that Mrs. P. put it there. He had even jnore powerful motives to play such a trick than Mrs. P. "M. He was a detective, and his credit was at stake. This .apposition accords with the fact that he was not weighed, ïï^cpnseqoently.hls loss of weight was not known ; and also «ii? Ule/aoli that an explanation of the phenomenon was Árn? mad.e' cut>and dl'led f°r the occasion-to wit, the use | J?.Indiarubber capsule. I do not attach much value to »i»>. i??thesi3' Dut the problem is solved just as effectually detective Black as the chief fraudulent factor, as it Xi. i*by attributing fraud to Mrs. P. But setting 1 maintain that Mrs. P. ought to have lost weight K8 íe "Ittinit. the precise amount of which coidd be dc w«uined only hy carefully conducted experiments. If the ¡ BW"116 Pressmen had looked into any text book of on« Mn F' ïïey wouId scarcely have fallen into the eggregt ?iR?û'5r they comm itt9d ; nor would they have outraged ^"^"Pßj pf poor Mrs. P., whose only fault was that she finn. , °,tne laws nature. In proof of these nssump (wLr ,8bttU nuote a few extracts from Dr. W. B. battil *r 8 work on Physiology. The extracts are abridged, anvm'l?gurí8 are correct. Analogous facts will be found in from ri. u ^tbook on the subject, but I prefer to quote .irfrihttüS Work-because tho doctor is au opponent of fflen^a7e^*ewdShfc of oxygen withdrawn Aupoh Qia about 17'83t3Sc' or more than 2*lb mnlu^JS0"?k.Quantity of carbonic acid set free varies with a tiona!«T5J?1 circumstances. The moan of many observa thls«*t« fc 160«r Per ü0"r for a full grown man. Taking lmin^i^"^6 for 24 hours, theearbon expired from the Ctt&mE;^IrJ* 2£-°*r' or about 8oztroy, equal to 14,0S0gr of COr^acid. The quantity varies from 7'144oz to ll'7oz, ac 'of iZ2P\8*x> development of body, nature and quan- ti tha Btot0 of the digestive process, repose, season °l dav Tri* neniar exertion, stats of health, time phere. temPoratnre and drynens of the atmos Mnation nT i»0710 oî these circumstances, or nny com °^Um îLÎr0-".' ,Tuay iuuuence the rate at which tho ttt3¿n,M ? ^ght. It was found by experiment that tho Hawi ow » carbon was exhaled from a strong man 20 hálenla» £r 21''1fir Per hour, while a man of moderate from air per *«8hinffTáiiK °i V*1" P°r minute. Batike found that uo, »«ld iii *ui.iD and, fasting, exhaled lO.WOgr of carbonic cr «arbonln "íirI' while with a *uU diet he exhaled 13.278gr .Ws lo« i« .a.oid» equal to 362lgr of carbon. In addition to *&teryvanm;,-i Bbape of carbon, there ls tho exhalation of RintheoiufromtnJ?1»nßs, which may vary from Ooz to Sure ÏÏ ,B UÏ'' runkQ f0UQd byexperlmuutthat the ^IIIIIIRL i Perspiration from the body was equal to « i »na Boguiu fouud tbafc th" entIr0 ainouat of Huid . - lost from pulmonary and cutaneous surfaces was at the rate of 18gr per minute, ll of which pass off by the skin and 7'by the lungs. Ia some experiments by Funke upon the hand and forearm 740gr per hour were exhaled, equal to 2Jlb, and as the surface operated on bore the proportion to the rest of the body of 1 to 17, so'121b might under extraordinary circum- stances be lost in 24 hours. The minimum quantity exhaled from the hand and forearm was 48gr per hour, and this, mul- tiplied by 17, gives 2Jlb as the amount eliminated in 24 hours from the whole body. Thus any amount of weight, ranging according to circumstances from 2îlbto421b, might be lost by the organism in 24 hours. Tunk« concludes that the rate of loss from perspiration alone may vary from 2oz to 29oz per hour. In Southwood Bmith's experiments on men working in gasworks the average loss of weight was 3lb 6oz in 45 minutes, and in other experiments wherein the duration of labour was 75 minutes tho loss of welghtwaa 21b 2oz." These facts show that we aro all losing weight continually, and that the rate bf loss varies with each individual, and in each individual cast with the circumstances in which each individual may be placed. But, in addition to this loss of weight from ordinary causes, it is exceedingly probable that mediums lose weight when they are sitting in a seanne afc a much oreiter rate than thev do ordinarily. Wc experiments that I am aware of have ever been instituted to determine this point. This department, of what I may term spiritual physics, hos yet to be explored. What are called spirit forms-that is, those forms which appear at materialisation seances-have been weighed, and tho weight of a form has been found to vary, In thc space of a few seconds, to the extent of many pounds ; and mediums also have been placed on a weighing machine, and their weight has varied greatly during the experiments ; but I believe nothing has ever been done to determine the rate at which mediums permanently loso weight whilst sitting for manifestations. I believe that they lose weight much more rapidly whilst engaged in a seance than they do in ordinary life, but. for want of experimental knowledge, I am not able to prove that such is the case. Now nothing is known respecting the rate at whloh Mrs. P. loses weight from ordinary causes, and nothing is known respecting the rate at which she loses weight whilst engaged ata seance; and yet not the slightest notice was taken of these, the most ordinary facts of our common niture. Nb information has been supplied by the experimenters, or, indeed, was thought of by them, respecting the food which the lady had been partaking of previously to the seance or respecting the state of her health, or the agitation of her mind during the sitting, or any other cause which might Influence loss of weight by exciting functional activity, lt is now known (vide Dr. Ott and Mr. Ifield in the Journal of Physiology) that the secretion of sweat is directly under the control of the nervous system, and can bo stimulated by any cause which produces more carbonic acid in the blood than usual. A man under the influence of terror, or of any powerful mental emotion, might lose 8oz of weight in ten minutes from perspiration alone. But in addition to theso 'sources of loss, the lady might have lost weight from another ordinary cause, well-known to medical . men ; and of this, also, no notice was taken. Besides, on the assumption that Mrs. P. placed tho glass of water on the table, and that the wolght of tho glass of water was just tho weight she lost, it is os clear os sunlight that she ought to have lost considerably more weight than eight ounces. This greatly intensities the probability that Mrs. P. actually lost eight ounces of weight during thc sitting, and that some one else placed the glass of water on the table. Who placed it there? A spirit? Mrs. P.'s husband ? Detective Black? or one of the reporters ? Ko one but the culprit can tell. The examination was con- ducted in such a bungling manner that no satisfactory inference as to the person or power that placed the glass on the table can be drawn from it. It, however, enabled the Melbourne philosophers, with the illustrious Detective Blaok at their head, to glorify them- selves on the vastness of their knowledge, while at the same time they were displaying the most abject Ignorance of the ordinary laws of the human organism. This is a fair sample of the kind of examinations to whioh spiritualism has been subjected. I have merely touched, slr, on a few of themnre prominent phenomena of spiritualism. I cannot do anything more within the space which your courtesy has allowed me. The subject is a vast one, and would require a large volume to do it even the most ordinary justice. I cannot, however, conclude without remarking that some eight or nine theories, or rather hypotheses, have been advanced to account for these phenomena. The peculiarity of these hypotheses ls that they are mutually contradictory. If any one of them be true, all the rest of them must be false. If the phenomena are frauds and tricks, they cannot be produced as objective occurrences by a devil or by devils, a» most Koman Catholic and Protestant clergymen assume they are, and If they are j produced by the direct action of devils, or a devil, for the purpose of ruining the souls of men, then they , cannot be frauds produced by the tricks of 1 mediums. If they result from either of the before mentioned causes, then they cannot be produced I by Dr. Carpenter's unconscious cerebration, nor by the odylic-ether or od force of Professor Utahan, the late Dr. ; Bogers, and Ur. Travers Oldfield. And again, if they are pro- duced by odylio agency, they cannot result from any of the before mentioned causes. In fact, some eight or nine theories have been devised to account for these weird and puzzling phenomena, and of these theories only one can possibly be true. The lowest of these hypotheses is that which tasumes the phenomena to be mere tricks. Mo intelligent person who has studied the phenomena, ever adopts that hypothesis. It assnmes that thousands, yea hundreds of thousands of men, women, and children, are all engaged in a monstrous conspiracy to impose a worthless superstition on the world. The mediums who travel for the purpose of making money by their gifts are very few in number compared with those wno never appear before the public. Yet this hypothesis assumes that all these private mediums are imposing on their fathers and mothers, their sisters and brothers, their wives and husbands, their relatives and friends, for no conceivable end, or from no conceivable motive other than the mere love of deception. Kow, can any man having any knowledge of human nature believe in a hypothesis like that? . The thing is absurd to the last degree. Thanking you, Mr. Editor, for your oourtesy in permitting me to have my say on the subject, I remain, slr. vour obedient servant. .EPSILON", 