AMUSEMENTS. Sydney Musical Ujtion. — The third concert of this society was given on Tuesday night to » one of the most appreciative and crowded audiences wo havo seen in the Masonic ' Hall for some time past. ? The vocal por tion of the programme was decidedly weak, only two part songs being sung, the soprano ana contralto parts or which were quite over powered by the strong array of tenors and basses. We must, however, except, the Bolero of Ardittis which was given in such a brilliant manner as to ?well deserve the applause awarded. The instru mental pieces made ample amends for the poor ness of the vocal, the grand massivo overture to Prometheus being played by the full orchestra with the greatest taste and precision, and the same may be said of Beethoven's 5th Symphony, the adagio of -which was almost perfect. The greatest attention was paid to tho different shades of expression, and the whole of the instruments .kept go well together that we are sure even tho fastidious Kretehmann was pleased. We are glad to see Herr Schott amongst us, his oboe solo ?was in his usual masterly style mid warmly ap plauded. The cornet solo, alti.~-v~.3l1 scarcely in keeping with the classical tone of the progrmme, ?was encored, tho execution of the player being evidently much admired. One of the principal features of- this concert was the pianoforte play ing of Mdlle. Alice Charbonnet, who gave Mendelssohn's difficult symphony in G- major end a Fantasia Larghetto by Hummel. Tliis lady is certainly one of the most finished and pleasing pianists who have appeared in Sydney, her touch is extremely delicate, her execution correct and brilliant, and her whole playing is most graceful and refined. Mdlle Charbonnet is ono of the few who do not sacrifice expression for execution, and her hearers we are pure are all the more pleased for this. The Bluthner piano lent by Messrs Mater and Co. for this occasion is a splendid instrument, notlring could be sweetor than the silvery bell-like tone of its upper notes whilst the bass is full and sonoroxis ti3 a contra basso. Mons. Meilhan deserves praise foJ his spirited march which was conducted by Mr. S. Moss. This composition is not at all in the usual commonplace style or marches and the scoring of the orchestral parts is original and elever. Herr Kretchmann and Mr. Moss were most painstaking, and we are sure the large audience was well pleased with their and the Society's efforts. At the Theatre Royal, Mrs. Scott Siddons is play ing 'Midsumer Wight's Dream.' It is now some years since the play was put on the stage before in Sydney, and great praise is now due the management for the excellent way in which it is being produced. The scenery is simply gorgeous, Bad ?will alone repay a visit. Mrs. Scott Siddons plays Puck, Mr. Chaplain Bottom, and all the ©ther parts are well filled. ? At the Guild Hall D'Arey Read's Ghost is still elrawing well. Nest week we understand a change in the programme is to be made, when another startling illusion is to be produced. The *' Ghost' has now run nearly four months. At the Victoria Miss Coombs is attracting large audiences. Mrs. Wilson le Conter (Miss Emma Wangen hehn) the Australian songstress, has returned to Sydney by the Ly-ee-moon, after a visit to Europe, where ohe has appeared with great nuccess. ? She returns ? with a larger repertoire »id an improved voice. . Bbeach op Contract. — The action brought by James O'Hare against William Edward Power for breach of contract, terminated on Monday in the Banco Court, before the Chief Justice and a jury of four. The plaintiff owned a station at Monaro, and defendant was also a etiition owner at Gippsland. On April 25, last year, Messrs. English, Peck, and Co., acting as O'Hare's agents, under an agreement by sale, sold to Power 600 bullocks all over 3 years old, the majority 4 years old, first-class cattle. Objectionable cattle to be rejected. - The cattle to be mustered for convenient inspection on 28th May, at Currawang. Eor those approved of and duly delivered at Spatford, Mr. Power to pay £5 10s. a head half cash and the residue by bills of four months.' In accordance with this agreement Powers, on May 15, rode through about 400 of the cattle, expressing his approval of the cattle he inspected, but added that he would Bend his drover to inspect all the cattle when they ?were mustered, and tho drover would approve or disapprove of them. On May 22, the cattle were mustered, and Powers' drover inspected 160, yarded for Ins inspection. The drover disap proved of eight of this number, but O'Hare refused to let three out of the five be rejected, as Powers had approved of them when he inspected them on the 15th instant. This proceeding an noyed the drover, who refused to inspect any more, and left the station. The defence was that Powers never approved or disapproved of the cattle, but left it to his drover, who was then on Ilia way to Guntawang with a 'mob of cattle. When the drover rejected the eight bullocks, O'Hara endeavoured to force three of them on the drover. The drover strongly protested against being compelled to tako the cattle he considered not up to tho mark, whereupon an angry altercation ercued. O'H'aro threatened to send the 600 for sale by public auction at Power's risk. Eventually, it appeared that O'Haro did send 459 of the cattle to the Bale yards, and 400 of them brought full pricos, ut 57 wore rejected by plaintiff's agent, and were sold for less than full price. Tho jury, after hearing counsel's addresses, and his Honor's summing up, found a verdict for the amount claimed, £163 Is 6d. The Boy Peauce and the Loch Ard. — Captain Trouton, of the A.S.N. Company, has initiated 6teps for getting xip a testimonial to the boy Pearce, of the Loch Ard, who so bravely rescued Miss Carrnichael. The subscriptions are limited to 6d each, bo that all may have a chance of contribiifcii}^. Young Pearce ie an Australian ?V - birtli. ' .-' ' ? ?; 