"A Distinguished Visitor" at the Races. As I have, since my last lucubrations, become too universally identified by the public at large, and as such general recognition militated against my opportunities of taking unsuspected obser- rations of people and incidents, I pro ceeded to the racecourse at Eagle Farm dig guised a» a gentleman. Thia expedient proved a pronounoed suooeaa. My most intimate friends did not recognise me. I passed under the observation of Jn»pect«r Lewis without exciting in his mind the interest he is generally good enough to display in me by telling off a plain clothes-man to attend me during the day and keep his eye on me. Un-noted, I mingled with the giddy crowd without turning the giddy crowd's head. On entering the enclosure the new grand stand and lawn naturally were the first attractions, and mightily handsome additions to the accessories of the course they are. But their severe respectability chilled and discomfited me for a while, until I discovered that by a curious over sight, while bookmakers were precluded from plying their avocations in this holy of holies, the enclosure was animated by a whole host of ■weeps. There were scores of sweeps on the lawn. I joined a sweep and felt more in my element. I discovered, however, that sweeps are not to be trusted, financially. My sweep did me out of half-a-crown. Moral: You can touch a sweep and not bo sooted. After this ex perience I sought refuge among the vulgar, and my attention was immediately seized by a vociferous specimen of the genus bookmaker who had ticketod his name and address on his hat band, and was industriously acquainting the public that he wanted to lay. " I want to lay!" roared thia individual. No one appeared to offer any objection. Still he did not appear easy in his mind. He enquired, with sarcastic emphasis, whether anybody had any money, and a sense of being taunted with impecuniosity and lack of enterprise diffused itself through the listening crowd. Still no one made any remark. The knight of the pencil raised his voice. He ejacu lated his gallinaceous impulao in italics ; he yelled it in small capitals ; he roared it in the largest print. He opened his satchel and nourished before the eyes of the public a bundle of bank notes which he seemed to regard in the light of a neat-egg. For pertinacious announce ment of a desire to lay, I consider that young man unrivalled by any hen of my acquaintance. The opportunities afforded a discriminating public for losing their money were multitudinous. Wheels cf fortune (or of misfortune), seven's the main, and three-card men abounded. There was Divides an original genius who dispensed weakh in sealed envelopes at a shilling each. These might, he pointed out to his circle of admirers, contain twenty shillings, or they might contain only col"1? 6™- **c was extremely candid and fair and h.l my own presence a lucky individual invested a sh. 'Uiug with the good fortuuo to tiud about a poiuiu 1' 8 worth of Bi lveria his packet. Stimulated by tuis nngmheout rosnlt, and encouraged by thj of the speculator, who dropped hia envelope on the empty ease upon which he stood with an appetising chink, and remarked carnally that that particular packet "Bounded like silver," several venture* were made with results closely akin to investments in a copper mine during the mania of 1871. They got some fine specimens of copper, bat on the whole the affair did not pay. Returning _at intervals to view the progress of this capitalist I seldom failed to come upon the lucky man making another big profit and being succeeded by a i»mftH shoal of imitators who fell in for copper mines. A hook-nosed man with a tuft whom I recognised as a guileless countryman whom I saw at the late intercolonial cricket match winning largely at roulette tables, was on this occasion bossing one of these financial estab lishments himself, and displaying remarkably ready arithmetic in adding up the sum on a round dozen of dice thrown to determine the winners at his table. The knight of the rubicund coun tenance was also to the fore with his table and doing very well. Nor was the fair Bex unrepre sented. At one wheel-of-fortune a fair creature presided. She was equipped in a sort of yachting suit of navy-blue, and took no unfair advantage of her sex. She laid no lures for the male creatures. Hera wa* not the pleading, ogling lines. The young woman, in fact, was extremely business-like, and with a fixed countenance upon which a fiery succession of blushes did not alternate with an ashy paleness, nor did her pleading eyes suggest that sho was forced to this occupation by a tyrannical step-father. In fact, she was quite composed, and repeated in a mono tonous voice: "Sport and play; stake your money, gentlemen, while the hand's in motion." I observed with contempt a freckled Scotchman who was taking advantage of the weaker sex by waiting till the very last revolution of the pointer, and then putting down saxpence on the division where the index was sure to stop. There's wealth and standing in store for that canny chiel, I surmise. At another table, run on simi lar principles, the presiding genius was a mus cular young man, with a broad- bridged nose. This sturdy individual had obviously been selected to preside by reason of his brawn. Op posite to him stood a very calm Chinaman, who played every round, and, to an observer who re marked how the heathen kept his eye on that young man, had very much the air of proprietor. The three-card-men mustered in force. Their paraphernalia were simple. Three cards from the cheapest description of pack, and an empty case set them up. I hovered around with much interest, and observed with amusement how very easy it seemed to be to spot the right card. Why, these foolish simple fellows the three-oard-men had actually turned down the corner of the card, Ad had never noticed that it could be readily recognised in any situation. Several keen-looking persons observed this, and won pound after pound, and then they winked to slow-going strangers to invite them to follow their example and spoil the spoiler. Somehow, however, when the indi viduals thus favored with the "straight tip" went for that obvious certainty, the card with the turned down point didn't turn out to be the right one after aIL If there is any room for cavil respecting the acuteness of the three card men, I should say it was over- keenness. The play was for £1 every time, and I never saw one of the public escape. The "stalk" did all the winning. " Stalls" for asses, I call them. Approaching one of the groups around one of these little swindles, I craned my neck to see what was going on, and by so doing attracted the attention of a large man, with a magnificent watch chain of golden, yet brassy appearance This hero instantly jostled sundry raw lads, who plainly had no money, to one side, and, as if un intentionally, cleared an avenue for me to get well forward. At the same time, the party working the lay boldly lifted bis gin case a yard forward to meet me. Here, however, all appa rent interest in my innocent, and (positively for this occasion only) gentlemanly, appearance ceased. The large man, with some suddenness, allowed me to die out of his consciousness, and, although he had undoubtedly been at some pains to facilitate my progress, monopo lised the whole attention of the manager by being struck with an unpremeditated mania to engage in rapid play, in the course of which he exhibited considerable discretion. Once he won ; twice he lost. At these reverses he became thoughtful as he produced a third bank note. He hesitated ; the " banker" be came vehement in his exhortations to the large man to rally his courage and " 'aye 'is revenge." Suddenly the countenance of the large man lighted up. He hail been mumbling the corner of his noto in his mouth, and a bit had come de tached. He was struck with an idea, and ex pressed doubts as to the fairness of the cards. The worthy proprietor was gravely indignant at such aspersiuus on his good faith. He offered the cards for inspection. The large man handled them, and I regret to sny the wicked fellow deftly stuck on the back of the card the speck of chewed bank-note he rmd detached. As he per formed this feat of legerdemain—which the inno cent " banker" did not happen to notice at all— the large man caught my eye, and indulged me with a sagacious and confidential glance. And then he went in and won. Oh ! how he did win. Even the bland proprietor Bwore and snarled at that bad big man, who, however, was not all evil, for he signed me to succeed him at the table and make my fortune by that marked card. I was unresponsive, and then the bad big man and the bland banker both looked vexed, and a shabby person with a broken nose, whom I had not before noticed, jostled a young man next me with the result of sending him againsr me, and matters looked so cloudy that I resumed my peregrinations. An exponent of "Seven's the Main" next attracted my notice. His materials for acquiring competence consisted simply of a broken nose, a rusty voice, a pair of dice (curious that pair o' dice should sound so like Paradise and be ho like the other place), and an old gin case marked with a 7 (in O and an Em separate divisions. I have no idea how this nwiudlo is worked. I didn't see any business done. In fact, during my observation tho proprietor was chiefly engaged in implor ing an inappruciative public to " give him a start." On the occaaion of one of those appeals I chanced to be within the range of this person's observation. He was a shabby man, a disreputable-looking old rascal, and I later saw him rather intoxicated. But he was shrewd. He penetrated my disguise. This old vagabond alone discovered that I was not a gentleman. He took me for a member of Parliament, and after a vain appeal for a start in business, he took up his parable and speaking at me with a spiteful emphasis, moaned out " 0b t some of yer will be wanting a vote directly, and you won't get it from me, I can tell yer." Had I indeed been a political celebrity I believe I should have succumbed on the spot, and sacrificed sterling coin to the manes of seven— seven's the mane, you know. It came upon me with all the force of a revelation that here stood at last discovered that mystic being, the industrious and intelligent " poor man" whose vote decides elections. As I contemplated this great creature, and weighed the contrast between his aspect— his mouldy, criminal, villainous aspect—and his enormous power and influence in the State, my bones grew as wax, my tongue clove to the roof of the grand stand, and I mentally repeated the ejaculation of the dying Pitt of my stomach, M Oh, my unhappy country 1" Like the dying Bwan in the old madrigal, I reflected that more geese than swans now live—more fools than wise. Subdued and thoughtful, I moved away from the presence of this type of our masters, and wondered whether I should ever so sink—l mean rise—in the scale of intelligence as to com mand the sympathy and confidence of this powerful class of intelligent and incorruptible voters. But the racing commences, and I hurry into the saddling paddock, and pass the youngsters in review with the most knowing air I can assume on short notice. The Mares' Produce Stakes are about to be contested. My vociferous betting man outside who was so desirous of laying throe to one against anything must feel comfortable as the acceptances appear on the black board and are just three in number. My idea that bookmakers are an inspired and infallible class evaporates rapidly. I spot the winner. Off go the trio, and my choice proved correct Thus encouraged, I was great on the Plate race. I pronounced that it would lie between Tait and Loder. I inclined to the former, for the sterling reason that I recently made a vojage with the veteran sportsman, and found him to be the most genial and unassuming of sportsmen and shipmates. Consequently, I argued with fair average logic, his horse must win. This was a grand race as everybody knows. Strathearn and The Dean came with a rush at the last We were excited in my neighborhood. I don't believe there was a fiver on the race among my neighbors, but, bless me, we were perfectly beside ourselves as the pair rushed up to the post. I was not only beside myself, fcot-^riaing to the occasion—l was beside a nrtUHref people. When » dead he»twa«d«ck4B»*%*we«n Strathearn and The Dean, I faltthat wsWom and prescience were dualities far short of what I hid developed. A faint residue of sense alone pre vented me from baking my opinion for every race to come. This was just as wall, as I was never right in my ideas m any one of the suc ceeding races. As the afternoon waned, the rigid observance of the rules was abated, and • bookmakers invaded the lawn. Jolly fat men, straight forward-looking, gaunt anxious-looking men, with a danger signal in their countenance. Hawk billed men with the bird-of- prey brand strongly legible. It struck me that those among the bookmakers who bore obvious signs of having sprung from humble beginnings looked the most honest, while those who had the air of having played a daeracendo scale in the time of existence, looked horribly dangerous. All alike were liberally anxious to bet odds against things in general. I watched a trial of acute ness betwixt a very sharp-looking professional and an emaciated boy in a tweed suit, with con siderable interest. The sharp party was blandly patronising to the youth of the other and offered him considerably less odds than he had been shouting a moment previous. He treated the lad as a schoolboy. But the thin cheeked juvenile was equal to the occasion. He routed his would-be deluder with keen satire, declined his terms, and scornfully treated him. As this precocious genius retired unscathed from the contest, and I got a full view of his figure, I understood the situation. Thoße attenuated limbs, that starved aspect, could only belong to a jockey in mufti. But while most of the talent were noisy, one exceptional individual moved through the throng with calm self-possession, remarking—in an oS~ hand manner and ordinary voice—that ho would " lay anything." It occurred to me to request him to lay a ghost, but those quiet men are often horribly hasty with their hands, and I forbore. The sort of ghost no bookmaker can lay is an inn spectre. (To be continued.) A Statuk Taken into Custodt. —A novel occurrence which lately took place at Preston is thus recorded in a Liverpool paper:—A policeman on duty in Ashton- street, on the western outskirts of Preßton, saw what he thought was a man clinging to a lamp-post for support. Thinking he was some belated Bacchanalian, he went up to him with the question, " Now, young man, isn't it time you were at home ?" Ab the officer received no answer, he struck at him and knocked him down. Still the object of his attentions made no sign, and he then discovered he had been interrogating a statue. It was one of a number of sainW effigies of wood that had been removed from the interior of St Walburge's Church, not fur distant, and placed in a porch behind the sacred edifice while some alterations were in progreas, and had been carried thence by some mischievous spirits to the place where the policeman found it The officer took it to the police-station, placed it on the ground outside, and then went in and told the reserve^ constable he was wanted. That officer told the statue to " get up, for a drunken swine ;" but on grasping its hand he recoiled in horror, and flew back into thi) station, pale as death and almost frightened out of bin wits, thinking he had been in contact with v corpse. The statue has been returned to St. Walburge'B. 