ODDS AND ENDS FOOM SYDNEY. Ton: good peoplo of Sydney naturally anticipated that something cxtraordinary would happen after tihe announcement that the devil and a ghost might heo expected in Sydney; and certainly those who reside in the vicinity of Hyde Park thought that on the, Sunday beforo last the first part of the prediction had been fulfilled. On the Sabbath aforesaid there was seen a revereld pastor who for some tione has been doing his best to stir up the wrath of a very excitable portion of this community, pursued by an angry crowd to his own dwelling. We can easily believo how gratifying it most have been to his Satanic imajesty to see a good man under such trying circumstances. This gentle shelpherd lpreached last Sunday in the park, and although twelvo thous and people were present, no disturbance occurred. The council of health are mauinl ; strenuous efforts to prevent the further pollutiont of the harbor. Most disgustimng and poisonous fotues rise from the ourfaco of the waters, which are wafted hither and thither, disseminating pestilential disease. Typhoid or colonial fever is now prevalent, and its origin in somo instances is laid to the nuisance compl:inced of. It is proposed that means shall bo contrivcld to convey the sewerage matter, which is now allowed to be deposited so near the borders of our port, out into the deep sea ; and it is further adlvised that the filth at present acciumulating il the harlbor shall be cleared away by means of dredges fully and ecli ciently employed. It i: not1 very encouraging for the praspiets of the colony to ilnd that so many of the. newly-arrived immigrantis have become membiiers of our luiatic asyhllin. t1r. Mlanning, the mIedical superintendent of the I(ladesvillo hospital for the insane, llha just published his report for the year 1877, and inl it lie states that the admissionsl during the year amonisted to three hundred and forty, and thalt out of thles a largo munber have only been a short time in the colonly. Amonlgst theml were a good proportion of Americanised Irish. Tihe superintendent attributes tihe luacy of the new-.chtun to various causes, tile chief one ibeinig, to ise the doctor's own expression, that they are "cursed with ia mischievous 1and per manent discontent, which iihas followed ia disappoint ment to ihopes too highly pitched." In the old country they lid not get on, then they tried their fortunes in thle nw world with no better success, and as i last resort they came to Australia where a like failure awaited them. The pirospectus of the Sydney Model Lodging. IIousi Company is itself ia model. The obljects set forth are to Ienlcit and assist a great number wlho are not in a position to hiellt themselves-to raise tile moral tone and character of the working classes by providing them with clean, comfortable lodgings at a moderato cost ; to remolllve the from tetlllllta lionsi and maiko themr respect themselves. No enormoui s dividends are promised to shareholders. Thaose generous gentlemenr-the provisional diree tors-will be well satisliced if the schemioe pays its way after the first outlay. "Deeds and not words" might well be their motto. hiero is something more tllhau mere platform sentimentality-it is plractical philosophy applied in the most effectual form--that of helping people to helpi themselves. This month our Ilebreow fellow-citizens have solemnly dedicated their new synagogno to publi: worship. The ceremonial of the dedication was conducted with great pomp in the presenco of a large conlgregationl, aillongi whllom were mllany pro. minent members of Christian denominations. The noble edilice, which is erected in Elizalbth.street, will be quite aui ornament to the city. It has takeln only three years to buill, though it boasts all tile architectural leauty and ornhamintation rightly te staowed ulponll modern structures set apiart for sacred Tile lIev. Peter Campobell, tihe itinerant mis sionary of the far interior and of box No. 75, general post-olhco, who lias so long bhen supported by the voluntary contributions of his faithful ad imirers, Ihas turned his hand to a new mode of living. IIe is now the propritor anmid editor of a new weekly paper called )by tie sweet and sugges. tive naim of 'The Wasp. In the first issue he triumphantly informiis us that every page of this edifying publication is the product of his own braiin-a fact swhiclh unolty is disposed to dispute, not having the remotest ldesire to rob him of an authorship that reflects so little credit to either head or heart. That interesting and modlst society, the TYoung TMel's mutual, are very fond of debating as to whether the masculile intellect is superior to the feminine, and are generally ungllnlt enough to give the verdict il their own favor. At a recent idiscussion oin the sfubject some tenll stripliunge dis played little of tlia knowledge and wisdom of which they boasted-in fact advanced many very silly and unfounded assertions. HIowever, if it is trne that the mental endowments of ladies are inferior toi those of the youths who prate about them (as sons are. said to inherit their mothers' intellectual qualities) they are right in rating the female mindi in a low degreo. It is not only in Australia that we have love-sick boys commuitting suicide while slffering from the pangs of unrequited love. In France thie son of the late provost who shot lhimtself when he heard war was declared against Germany, has poisoned Ihimself owing to a disapplointment in love. ife was only seventeen. Iis sister who is younger had retired to a iconvent on her father's death. Her broather's rash and wickeltd act so shocked her that she fell danlgerously ill. Apropos of European news, most interesting in formation has ltreachedl lls respectinlg the teellllphone whlich enablles people to conlverse antd play togethler at a distance further apart than that which sepfarates Englaund front France. The prineiple is this:-All sounds are merely the result of atimospheris vibra tions, and a very sensitive ise of llmetal being acted upon by the voie! produces by iieans of ta magnetic currcenit a corresponlding ilmoveiienllt ill a similar disc it the other und of the wire and thus gives the sounds which strnck the first disc. The principle has been carried further by Mr. Edison of New Jersey, who hasil invented another set of apparatus that can report a speech automatically and also reproduce it with all thie tire and infllction of the speaker's voice. Another application of the electric current has bleen made. Al inspector of the Orleanus and Rlouen railway has found the means of putting trains while in motion in constant communication with the electric current and with the stations oh the line, and also with etalch other while travelling in the same direction on the same linle or in opposite directions on different ones without slackening the speed. The apparatus for conveying the signals is placed ill the guard's van ansid will not in this systemi be influenced by stormy weather or fog. 