CLEOPATRA'S NEEDLE. Ye gzasr shades of £h& and Tnxa, : le ghosts and gods Egyptian,: . ' - If murmurs of petition come ' To exiles in your precinct w&n;, \- - . "WLzre, fetich nor Olympian, , 2»o more ye toll our wine and grist, Look down, if lookye may. and scan.. This gazing>stock in London mist! Ethold, your graven names are dnmb - That once were read by him that ran, . "When seistron, timbrel, trump, and dram . "Wild music to the Bull bfc£an ; When through the chanting priestly clan "Walked Ilhamsea. and the strong fmn kissed This stone, with blessing scored and Ian, . This gaxing-stock in London loistl The stone endures, though gods be namb. Though human labours plot and plan Be drifted, shifted, like the from : Of sands in wastes Anbianl . . . > "What king may deem him more than man, "What priest say fuitb can time resist, "While this abides to mark tbeir span, - This gazing-stock in London mist ? < Prince, the 'tone's abode to your divan - ? . .. Creeps, it is longer th*n ye wist; It preaches, as time's gnomon can. This garing-iitock of London mist! -Pall HaUGaztiU. AXOTHEB JJCTURK JiY " ilo.HSIEUB."-Thifl ' , is tho account of an English boxing-match ' which a French newspaper gave a short time ; back:-" A spectator sits grimly, watch in band, to gire the signal for eiich round; another, . generally a neighbouring tavern-keeper, holds theetakes. . Hie two brates (what other name can we give them?),6taod up to each other: theman with the wntch criea Ttmu!. and the fan begins. ItU not bad Gport to blacken, aud even, to'blind your adversary's eyes, and to bre& his teeth; ;but the cream of the thing is to knock his eye out of Its socket, and to break with one blow the whole frame of his chest. The combatants can. see no more; but, after a few seconds of rest, the man. with the watch cries Timet I and the two men aro again put tipi/ ' Bravo, Tom V ,? At him, Bill!' cry the b>standera; but very.often the fightera'are so far gone that they have to. be drenched with ginj so that they may go on till they drop. Then the one'who cannot respond at all to the' «ry of Timet is declared beaten. If he in killed, the man who has killed him gets off with a week*® imprisonment" . 