AUSTRALIAN ELEVEH V- GENTLEMEN Or ENGLAND After our defeat by the Longsight Eighteen we left Manchester by the half -past nine train on the night of Saturday, tho 15th, and arrived in London early on Sunday... morning, thoroughly tired out, owing to want of sleep on thti journey. A week previously Mr. B. Bottorwortb.an old Vic torian cricketer, asked the Eleven lo accompany him on a trip up the Thames to Windsor on this particular Sunday, and so, having rested for three or four hours, we wore onco more on the move. A capital luncheon was provided by Mr. Tipper, formerly of Bourke-street, and now one o£ Messrs. Spiers and Pond's manacers, and just as it had boon partaken of the rain, which raineth every day in England, camo down heavily for a couple of hours. After a peep at Windsor Castle, and a look also at tho classic grounds of Eton College, we returned to our Bteam launch, and in three or four hours were back again at Hampton Wick, whore wo caught the- half-past eight train, and arrived at the Horseshoe Hotel about ten o'clock, well pleased with the day's outing. I may mon tion that we saw Saddler, the opponent of Trickett, sculling on the river, and he saluted us as wo passed by. On Monday, the 17th inst., the great contest of tho tour commenced, viz., that against The Geutlonlen of England. This match has been looked forward to with great interest, inas much as on it depended the loss or retention of England's supremacy in tho cricket field. The youngsters had beaten the oldsters at Lord's, and now they wore about to try it at Prince's. This ground is about tho size of that of the Melbourne Cricket Club. There is no permanent grand stand, but a temporary one had been erected, afford ing sitting room for say COO persons. When wo arrived, at half-past eleven, there was' a com pact ring of spectators, ~and by four o'clock they were standing twenty deep all round. The tell-tale registered over 14,000 at Is. per head, and many besides paid 2s. 6d, and 5a. for reserved seats. These latter were rushed by the crowd, and the policemen on the ground would not turn them out lost there might bo a riot. So those who' paid for them were left in the lurch. There were fully 1000 members of the club present with their lady friends, and late in the afternoon they might be seen sipping tea and coffee under urn. brella tents, placed close to a row of elms, which, like those on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, affect the sight when batting. There is no slop ing embankment, and henco tho front ring of onlookers had all the best of it. In this respect, as. perchance in others, they could copy the Sydney and Melbourne grounds to advantage, Gregory, won the toss from Grace, '. and at noon sharp Midwinter and Bannorman went in to bat on a dead wicket, againat the bowling of W. G. Grace and A. G. Steel, the crack Cambridge bowler. The scoring was very slow, and twenty minutes elapsed before 10 was hoisted, composed of singles and a throe to Bannerman from Steel to square leg. Several maidens having been sent down by each bowler, the Sydney crack let out at Grace, and drove him splendidly to the off for 4, great applause ensuiug. 20 had just appeared on the board when Midwinter was neatly caught by Dr. E. M. Grace at point from W. G.'s bowl ing. 1—6—20. . Horan' now went in and pulled his first ball from W. G. to square leg for 2, and after that two or three maidons ensued, several good hits by Bannerman being beautifully fieldod by Stiaohan. Singles to each batsman, rind, then Horan drovo Steel in fine style to long on for 3. He, howovor, came to grief in Grace's next, being bowled in trying to pull a long hop. 2—7 — 32. Murdoch appeared on the scene, and a series of maidens followed. At last Bannerman got a couple of singles, and then drovo Grace past point beautifully fcr 4. E. M. Grace, at this stage, went on with slow lobs at Steel's end, and started with a maiden, A single to each batsman sent 40 up, and then Ban nerman again hit W. G. splendidly to the off for 4\. Before another was added, tho brilliant Sydneyite tit hard at a loose slow from E. M. Grace, and was beautifully caught by Strachan. at mid-off. 3--28— 44. Bannerman played a splendid innings without the ghost of a chanco. A. Bannerman filled the gap, and a single or two had been credited to him when a heavy shower camo on, causing tho players to clear tho field. It was now about ton minutes before two, and so luncheon was, partaken of before play was re sumed. After lunchoon the play became ex ceedingly dull and slow, maiden following maiden. A. Bannorman broko tho monotony by getting W. G. to square leg for a brace, and this, with two singles to the Eame batsman, produced 50 on tho telegraph. ' Singles now wore all that could bo got, foriho bowling was Btraight and the field ing excollorit. The score stood at 67 when Murdoch cut one from Steel, who had just re Burned vice E. M. Grace, into Hornby's hands at cover, and had to retire, after', being in for more than an hour ? for a single. 4—1—57. Spofforth started his account straight off, by hitting a full toes from Steol to square leg for 4, 60 up\ Singles increased tho scorOsjoGl, and then Spofforth was well caught by Bush at tho wioketsoff, W» G.- 6-76—64-. With, the register unaltered, Bannerman was caught and bowled by W. G,, and Allan next ball was'caught by B. M* - at point, off Steel. Garrett stupidly ran himself ' ont for nought, and the miserable record was 8-rO— 64. . Gregory and Blackham kept thoir places for a little time, and then the former put W. G. into Hornby's hands at long on. 9—1—69. Boyle was last man,_ and he,, with Blackham, raised, the score to 75, when the former waa caught at point off Steel. 10-8— 75. W; G. Grace, whose bowling is well known in Australia, got four wickela for 25,, and A.' G. Steol & for 37 runs. The latter bowls . slow round-arm, with a good break from leg1, but I do not think that ha would be at all successful on a good wicket. The only danger appears to bo in hitting at the off balls, which generally curl away, and if_ not met with the fall face of the bat jgo up in the slips or ab point.' E. M. Graced , slows aro or a very mild order. Our innings was over at four o'clock, and at a quarter-past four Gilbert and W. G. Grace came forth to do battle tirat for the Gentlemen against the bowling of Spofforth and Allan. Alegbjewas run in tho former's first over, and the latter lod off with a maiden. W. -J. linked Spofforth for a couplo, and then was missed at the wickets, a rather easy chance of catching him on the off side. W. G. didn't seem to bo at home to cither bowler, and was struck on the legs and body by both Spofforth and Allan. He made a desperate smite at Spoffortb, and only succeeded In lifting the bail just out - of tho bowler's reach for a single. Gilbert hit Spof* forth twice to long off for a. couple in one over, and 10 went up on the register. W. G. fluked Allan in the slips for a- brace and a single, and in Spofforth'a next got a hit to square leg for 4, tho ball only just reaching the- chains. Spofforth'a analysis was again damaged by W. G., who hit him.to lon» on for 4, the ball 6nly juBt escaping \ Boyle's reach. 20 up.. Gilbert cut Allan in tbo slips for two, 1 and singles to each batsman caused 30 to be hoisted. Spofforth changed ends, and Boylo took the ball from Allan. W. G. played Boyle to mid off for a brace, and then to short leg for a like number, which, with several singles, sent fort; in sight. Australian supporters looked very glum as the ? tens kept mounting; but presently they gave a sigh of relief, for Boyle with a plain home tos3 clean bowled the champion, wh© tried to -pull the- ball to veqaare-leg. W. G.' played a lucky innings, not nearly up to first* class form. 1—25—43. Hornby came in, and, as is usual with him, let out at the first ball, a single resulting.. Single to Gilbert, and then Hornby put Boyle into Allan's hands at long-off, but that usually suro field- missed the chance, which was very easy. Hornby's luck was evi« dently good, for the. very next ball he waa let off by Blackham at the wickots, tho batsman being a yard out of his ground. 50 went up, and then Spofforth, who some time previously had been relieved by Midwinter, again tried' his Land. Two sincles and a double increased tho score to 54, and Gilbert was then well caught by Black* ham behind the sticks for a well-plnyed inninga of 20. 2 for 54. Lacaa and Hornby were now } comrades, and the scoring became slow, Boylo being especially difficult to get away. 60 had scarcely appeared on the board when Hornby let out at Boyle, and was easily caught by Spofforta at mid-on for a wretchedly obtained 9. 3 for 61. G. F. Grace was next, and after making a single* gave Murdoch the easiest of chances at point, but the ball foil lo the ground. G. F. showed how be appreciated Murdoch's mistake by hitting the next ball a full toss to tho ropes for 4. Lucas hit Boyle to the off for a couple, and this with another couplo to Grace, followed by two or threo singles sent 70 in sight, and brought Midwinter again to tho bowling crease vice Spofforth. Graeme after two or three- maidens had been sent down hit Midwinter to long-leg for 4, and then Lucas was caught and bowled by Boyle. 4—6 — 74, E. M. Grace joined G. F., and when 3 runa were added the 1 at- tor spooned Boyle into Spof forth's hands at mid-on. 5—11 — 77. The hon. A. Lyttelton tilled the vacancy, and Boyle just shaved his off stump with a yorker. Allan re lieved Midwinter, and E. M. Grace made some very desperate but utterly futile efforts to drivo him. Boyle, too, completely stuck up the noted hitter, and after four or five singles had besn - mado Blackham caught him splendidly nt t& - wickets from the Joiimonter's bowling. 6-^-1— 82\. A. G. Steel with Lyttelton increased tho score to 85, and then the stumps were drawn, the time being half-past six. Boyle bow Jed with great judgment and precision of pitch, and ? secured the whole of tbe six wickets for about 20 runB. Spofforth was not on the spot. Play was resumed at noon next day by A. Lyttelton and A. G. Steel taking up their posi tion at the wickots against the bowling of Spofforth and Boyle. The former bowler seemed to be in much better form than on the previous day, and stuck each batsman up considerably. ? y Foarruns had been added to the score when a terrific yorker from Spofforth dismissed StoeL who played at tho ball after his leg stump had been dislodped. 7—5—89. The Lyttelton brothers were now together, but the new arrival didn't stop long, for Boyle soon bowled him with a good length ball. -8 — 1 — 90. Strachan joined A. Lyttelton, and drizzling rain commenced. The , ball soon becamo wet, and Boyle being unable to ' hold it, was hit about somewhat. After two or throe singles were made Lyttolton drove Boyle to the off for 3, which, with a few more singles, ' caused tho century to go up amid cheers. Six runs were added, and then Lyttelton. who had been playing beautiful cricket, waa neatly caught by Gregory in the slips from Spof* forth. 9— 16 — 106. The retiring batsman earned his runs in first-class style. Bush, who visited Australia with W. G. Grace's team, now mado his appearance, and most persons thought tho innings was very nearly over. But they made ' a mistake. -The now comer hit Spofforth to deep leg for 4, and Straohan lifted Boyle to ong-on for another 4, and, Garrett took Spof forth'a place. Blackbam, ' at the wickets, missed a catch from Bush in the new trun dlor's first over, aud the runs mounted rapidly. 130 went up, and Midwinter relieved Boyle, and Allan displacod Garrett. Blackham at this stage had a very easy chance of stump ing Strachan, but he did not seize the oppor tnnity. At last, when the score stood at 139, Bush was caught by Murdoch at point from Midwinter, after putting 16 ' together very ra pidly. Boyle bowled admirably, securing seven wickets for 48 ; and if tho rain had not fallen his average would have been very mvfeb. better. Allan appears to lave regained his form somewhat, and sent down eighty balls for 11 runs. It was nob Spoffortlrs match, for ho could only get two wickets for 53. Oar fielding was tho worst wo have shown in England, About half-pa3t one we, being 64 runs behind, started our second innings with Horan and Mid* winter to the bowling of W. G. Grace and A. G-. Steel, as in tho first innings. Horan cut Grace for a single, and Midwinter drove him to the off for 4, but was missed at cover-point by Lucas: from tho next ball, A maiden was Bent down by each bowler, and then Horan played forward at Steel, and sent the ball into Strachan's hands at forward cover. 1—1—5. A. Bannorman waa next, but ran himself out for nothing, and O. Bannerman, after several maidens had been de« livercd, whs bowled by Steel for nought also, tho ball going right around tbe batsman's legs. 8— 0-r-14. Midwinter having done all, t^e scoring. Spofforth after luncheon went .''.'In with Midwinter, and commenced hitting hard at every ball. He made 8 in singles, and was then caught by Lyttelton at mid-on from W. G« Grace. 4 for 25. Murdoch joined Midwinter, who at onco drove Steol to the rope? for 4, a ca pital hit. Single to Murdoch, and then Mid. ? Lit W.iGi to eq\iaro-leg for 4. -The scord stood at 38 wfien Midwinter again let but at W. G., nnd Hornby, stationed at long-fieldion, ran about twenty yards and made a magnificent catch. 5— 26— 38.T Midwinter, bar tho chance already mentioned, played a capital game. Qarrott came in to see Murdoch .cat, Steel' beautifully for 4. The former batsman appeared determined to hit at every ball. He sent Grace hard to the on for 4 and a single, and in one over from Steel hit him ovor the spectators'- heads for 4, and to square-leg for a similar number. Three men were put in the : out fiold after this hitting performance, and. Garrett fell into the trap by lifting Steel into P. Grace's hands at long-off. 6—15—57. Garrett's was a brief and merry life. Blackham and Murdoch ran tho scoro up to 62, when the latter was caught at the wickets by Busb, off Steel. 7—7—62. Boyle was next, and Blackham, after making another Single, was caught at mid-oif by W.G., from Steel. 8— 5— 03. Gregory, in hitting at a loose one to leg, was caught by E. Lyttelton, at short-slip; and Allan, the last man, failed to avoid a one-innings defeat, for he too retired ?without scoring. 10 for 63. And thus ended the match in' favor of our opponents, by an innings' and oiid run. I can't account for our miserable , failuro with the bat, for there was nothing in the bowling to frighton us; and tho wicket, though somewhat dead, was as good as any we havo played, on in England. Our batting is not ?up* to . form, that's csrtaiB ; but eleven novices could scarcely shape- worse than we did. We expected confidently to make at least ISO,- and not for a moment did wo dream of such ajlasco as \- Las taken place. Certainly the ground was all against us, and perhaps the dull light had some thing to' do with it, but wo ought to. be pretty ?well used to it by this time, for we haven't seen a clear sky since our arrival on the 14th May. It Las rained more or less nearly every day, and we have seen our shadows perhaps three times. I am told that this is an ckooptionally wot season, and may be it is, for it exactly corre sponds to a Victorian winter.' It is the opinion of tho Etoven that if they lived in England they ?would have a perpetual football season, for cricket, so far as they havo played it in England, is tho reverse of a pleas-ant and healthful game. . As regards the batting of tho Gentlemen, I havo'. only to say that it is vory strong, and that we ?were fortunate in getting rid of them for 139. W. Gr. Gracois a tower of strongth, and the hon. A. Lyttelton, who I think is the most graceful batsman I have yet seen, in my 'estimation, ranks second to the champion. ' Ho is ? about 5 f oet 10 ' inches high, and of light build. His position at the wickets, is upright, easy and unconstrained, and he meets tho ball invariably with the full face of tha bat. On a fast ground lie would scoro Tory, rapidly, for he plays the forward game mostly, and with great vigor and dash. Ol his brother. I can say nothing, for he was quickly Bont to tho right-about. G. F. Grace has the name of being tho luckiest batsman in England, and so far as I have seen he deserves it, f,or no/ono seems to lie able to hold chances from him. E. M. Grace is falling into the sere and yellow, and as an opponent- is not a lion. Steel, as a batsman, didn't shine against us, though ho (lid as a bowler, and perhaps I may have some thing more to say of him in a future letter, for we shall meet him on three occasions. Strachan, who carried his bat out for a well-earned 21. is the finest field and tho best judge of a catch that has ever crossed our path, aud as a batsman ho is safe, effective and graceful. Hornby I al luded to in tho Maryiebone match, and I still maintain the opinion then expressed, viz., that Le is a very hard hitter and nothing more1. As a fielder he is unsurpasssd, savo by- Strachan, and returns with right hand or left just as tho ball leaohos him. The weather on the second, as on the first day, was overcast, dnll and showery, and there was an attendance of about '8000 persons. The Ascot races interfered .'with the attend ance on the second day, but had the game lasted until tho third day it was stated that there ?would bo fully 20,000 spectators. It is our fault that the match was over in two days, for I don't think; a fi rat-rat o team ever shaped worse than ?wo did. - I believe we shall play a .return match with theGontlomen late iu August, at Scarborough, when we' hope t° tu!!fi the tables. As usual, there were many Australians present at the match, and naturally enough thoy looked a little downcast in consequence of our severo defeat. Our next match will be against tho Middlesox County, at Lord's, commencing on the 20th in stant. Scores:— ? Australian Eleven. ? First Innings. ' Second Innings. Mi.lwintor, o E. M. b W. c Hornby, b W. G. G.Grace ? 0 Grace ? 28 C. Bannerman, c Strachan, ? bE.M. Grace.. ...... ..23 b Stoel ? 0 Horan, bW., G.Grace.... 7 c Strachan, b Steel.. 1 Murdoch, . c Hornby, 1) Steel-........'..;....... 1 o Bush, b Steel .... 7 A.. Bannpruian, c and b Steel...'........ ? ..13 runout ? - 0 ? Spofforth, b Biisb, b W. G. c A. Lyttelton, b W. Graco ..i. ........... 6 G.Graco ? 8 Garrott.ruu out ? 0 o G.F. Grace, b Steel 15 Allan, c K. M. Grace, b ..:? Steel. ................. 0 b Steel..' ? 0 Gregory, o Hornby, bW, o B. Lyttelton, b G..Graco,.... ? 1 Steel.... ? 0 Elackliam, not out ...... 6 cW.G.Grace.b Steel 5 Hoyle, o E. M. Grace, b - Stcol.... ? 8 not out ? 0 Extras...... ? i Bye ? 1 Total ? _ ? 75 Total ? 03 \- Eowmnq ASAtYsls.— VitBt Innings; W, G. Grace, 208 balls, 38: maidens. 25 runs, 4 wickets; Steel, 120 ? . balls, 17 maidens, 37 runs, 4 wickets ; E. M. Grace, vO balls, 12 maidens, 0 runs, 1 wicket. Second Innings : W. G.TJrace, 108 balls,- 14 maidens, 27 runs, 2 wickots ; Stcol, 107 balls, 8 maidens, 35 runs, 7 wickets. Gentlemen of England.— First Innings. W. G.Graco, b Boyle. ? 25 Gilbert, c Blackham, bBoylo ? 20 Hornby, c Spoffortb,' b Boyle ? 9 Lucas, c and b Boyle ? 0 G..F. Graco, c Spofforth, b Boylo ? 11 E. II. Graco, c Blackham, b Boylo_ ? 1 A. Lyttelton, c Grocory, b Spofforth .... 16 E. Lyttelton, b Boyle ? 1 A. G. Steel, b Spofforth ? 5 Strachan. not out ? 21 i Bush, c Murdoch, b Midwinter ? ...,18 ' Sundries ? .'..«..;.«..... ? 8 . Total ? 139 ; Bowltno Analysis.— Spofforth, 120 balls, 13 maidens, 63 runs, 2 wickets; Allan, 80 balls, 14 maidens, .11 runs; Boylo, 120 balls, ll.maidons, 48 runs, 7 wickets ; Midwinter, 68 balls, 0 maidens, 15 runs, 1 wicket ; Garrett, 12 balls, 1 maiden, 4 runs. 