NEWS OF THE DAY. The telegrams received from Europe and published this morning show th&t; a new phase in the Afghanistan affair is becoming ap parent. Persia is threatening to occupy the Herat province in defiance of the treaty signed at Paris in 1857/ with Great Britain, whereby tbe Shah' was fo<-biddeu to meddle with the affairs of Herat, or even to station troops on that frontier without consulting Great Britain. The Russian Government had proposed to the Shah Hereddin to exchange Herat for the Russian province of Eriv&n;, a part of Russian Armenia, with a population of nearly half a million inhabitants, Herat is an important province in the north-western part of Shere Ali's dominions, and the capital, a town of the same name, is a place of very great strategic importanoe, as occupying the gsteinto India from the north. The forces nnder the liusaian General Kanfmann have already made an ex pedition towards Merv, and the latter place is looked upon in Russia as the base for aggrandisement in tbe direotion of Herat and Candahar, the point at which the Anglo- Indian troops are aiming. The last time the Persian monsrch left his kingdom he did not visit England, bat while at St. Petersburg he oonclnded a Porso-Turkoman treaty with the Czar, the provisions of which are secret. It is probable that the Shah is anxious to further Russian designs, and his threatened attack on Shere Ali is merely in accordance with instructions from his Russian ally. If tbe advanco is made, England will have 'to deoide whether an ally of Russia is to occupy the most strategio parts of Afghan- istan or not. The moil steamer Assam passed Cape Otway at ten minutes before five o'clock last evening, and entered Port Phillip Heads at twenty minntes past eleven o'clock. At ton minntes to twelve o'olook she proceeded up to the Bay by the South Channel, so -would net reach the snohorpge until shortly before four o'clock this morning, too late for making nse of our home and foreign cones, pondence and fiiee brought by her. The mails, however, would be in time to be sent out by the early delivery this morning. The Legislative Assembly held its final business sitting of the session last ninhL The House met at half.past seven, and Ste. cceded to deal with a variety of imi.ll tcrs, the interest in which was not of aa engrossing character. Questions were asked respecting tbe alterations in the Post Office, which some hon. members had heard were operating disadvantage- ously to abont forty or fifty employes whose fixed salaries only amounted to from four to ten shillings a day, bat who hod hitherto been in the habit of making a sub stantial addition to their incomes by workine overtime. Mr. Patterson was aware that some of the officials were mieerablv paid and he intimated his intention of doing some thing to (fnprove their position. The consi. deration of the amendments made bv the Legislative Council in the Land Act Amendment Bill occupied some little time, and when those were disposed of a desultory discussion took place viioioui.ui me vowmuieB appointed to inquire into the reporting of debates. This led to no practical result further than that it should be left to the Government to con. aider during tbe recess whether any improve ment cau be efiected in the Hansard reports. At tho conclusion of this discussion the House would probably have adjourned had not Mr. Orr resumed the debate on the secon'd reading of Sir John O'Shanassy's Education Bill,; which wis called on amongst the orders of the day. Sir John O'Sbanassy intimated his willing! ness to withdraw tho bill, and expressed his regret that an opportunity had not been allowed for tho debate to bo concluded. Mr. Orr, however, refused to permit the with- drawal, and proceeded to speak in an acri monious tone, ultimately coining into col- lision with Professor Pearson, whom he charged with being mixed up in a £3000 swindle. Professor Pearson moved that the words bo taken down, and they wereim mediately withdrawn, Mr. Orr receiving the benefit of a strong expression of opinion from the Speaker upon his conduct. The hon. memher _ continued to speak for the mere object, it appeared, of preventing Mr. Doran'a Inglewood railway contract from being considered, the result being that the House was connted out. Tho Legislative Council yesterday passed tho Appropriation Bill through its final stages, but not without making their protest against tho item of £5000 provided to defray the expenses of tho embassy to England. The very idea of sending an embassy to con fer with the Secretary of State upon the sub ject of reform was, of oonrse, particularly obnoxious, and a t good deal of learned argument was indulged in by Sir Charles Sladen and Dr. Hearn, with the object of showing that from every point of view the undertaking was highly improper. In the Appropriation Bill it ii stated that tbe item iB required to defray the expenses of " three commissioners" who aro to proceed to England. The nse of the word " commissioners" afforded the two learned gentlemen above-mentioned an op. portunity of displayingtbeir legal knowledge and argumentative skill. They demonstrated from law and precedent that commis sioners could not bo appointed with out an act of Parliament to carry nut the work to be entrnsted to them, and then showed that no such act of Parliament exiBted. We wonder what would be the state of Great Britain at the present moment if Dr. Hearn's argument had been applied to tho convention that declared Jamea II. !0 have forfeited the Crown. Sir Charles Sladen argued that Mr. Berry and Professor Poarson were going to Eng land as tho mere delegates of a political party, . and that consequently it was a misapplication of the public money to defray the oxpeuses out of the revecne. Dr. Hearn evinced much indignation about en expression which fell from tbe Speaker recently to the effect that the Assembly wag tho Parliament of Victoria for all legislative purposes. The hon. gentleman affected to construe this into an intimation that a desire prevailed in the Legislative Assembly to get rid both of the Crown and the Council, and he worked himself up. into a high state ol excitement over the enormity which he con ceived it was the design of some one to per petrate. Tho protest was ultimately agreed to, and tbe House subsequently dealt with tho Land Bill. The Land Act Amendment Bill was finally dealt with in Parliament last night and passed. Tho most important amendment! made in the measure by the Lcgislativg Council had reference to the period at which leases ehonld be issued, the conditions as to cultivation, and the purchaso of residence sites. As the bill now stands a stlector who lias paid up his instalments for ail years , may, at tbe end of thai period, pay tho remaining 14s. per acre in a lump sum, and obtain a Crown grant. Resi. dence sites are to bocomo the property of tho occupiers after they have paid the uonsJ instalments for a period of three years. Cab tivation is not to be an indispensable con dition in tho case of a non-resident selector, but fencing and other substantial improve incuts, amounting in value to £2 per acre, are to be insisted upon. The amendment# embodying those changBB were made by tho Council, and agreed to by the Government after some consideration, although they aro not considered to be strictly in accordanco with the spirit of tho Land Act. Ho sitting of either House of Parliament will take placo to-day. Parliament will meet for the prorogation at twelve o'clock to-morrow. In deference to a Btrongly expressed wish on the part of the Chief Justice and th« other judges of the Supreme Conrt, tho Government have granted. Mr. Justice Stephen two months'- additional leave ol absence. The judges have besn for some time undertaking extra duties in order that the business of tho courts might not fall into arrear through the absence of their colleague, audit is their unanimous wish that JD. Justice Stephen shonld be allowed to remain abroad until the weather in tbis colony is each as to enable him to resumo his duties undei condition# as favorable as possible to hu health, A very successful publio meeting Io support of the embassy to England wai held last night, on tho vacant ground in Latrobe-street, next the County Court- huuso. Between five and six thou sand persons attended, and addreseei were delivered by Messrs. J. Nlirams, M.L.A., J. Fisher, Wm. levers, W. II. Yuoraans, Beddows and other members ol the Liberal party. Mr. Jas. Dodgahun, an importer, of FhndcrB-lane, moved an amend ment condemning the embassy, and made a dorisivo speeoh, but his remarks were re ceived with unqualified disapprobation. At the close, a motion approving of the action of the Government in cending home the embassy was carried uunninioualy, and with great enthusiasm. The Minister of PublioWorks yesterday re ceived a deputation from the borough conn- cils of Hawthorn and Richmond, who asked for assistance in erecting a bridge over the V arra to connect Riversdale-road, Hawthorn, with Swan-etreet, Richmond. As a proof of the bona fides of the deputation an offer was made to give £30U0 towards the coat of the bridge if the Government would undertake its erection. It was stated that it wonld bes great accommodation to the residents ot Boorondura and Cumberwell, and would form a direct level line from those places to Mel bourne. Mr. Patterson said he would per sonally inspect the locality, and if he couid he wonld recommend the application for favorable consideration. A deputation from the Shire of Dandenong and the selectors on the Carrum Swamp waited on the Minister of Public Works yes terday with reference to the expenditure of £1200 placed on this year's estimates for the drainage of the swamp by cutting an outlet in a direct line to the Bay. The work has been objected to on a former occasion by some of the land owners on Kananook Creek. After hearing the views of the deputation on the subject, Mr. Patterson agreed to let the Dandenong council have the money, and carry out the work on their responsibility, the plans and specifications to be first submitted to the department. In tho Land Tax Court yesterday, 0U" dence was taken in the appeal of Messrs. A. and A. Chirnside against the classification of Werribee Park, an e6tnte in fch flScn-iSS of Grant and Bourke, containing 81,049 acres, and rated by the classifiers as firet-oUsi, This is the most extensive of tbei large estates yet dealt with by the commissioners. The amount of tar payable under the exist ing classification is £3008 per annum, apa should the appeal be successful, and the classification reduced to the third class, thai amount will be reduced to £1995 perannnm. Mr. Kerferd appeared for the appellants, and the Crown case was conducted by Mr. O. A. Smyth. Tbe evidenoo of James Har vey, Government classifier, was that tne whole of the estate waa weH watereo, naturally by oreeka, and artificially by dami and tanks. It was chiefly composed of opfJj plains with light timber, and was capable m \- carrying on# sheep said #i bli per acre alt etsi- Corroborativo evidence was given | vW. B. Say, the ntuer Government clsssi- 1 It anl the case wis not concluded when te' commissioners adjourned until to-mor- I 'i' short timo since the Melbourne Harbor riit determined not to ask for the abolition \- the wharfage rates upon returned emptieB, iat is, casks, boxes, ka., which, having had fictorisn manufeoturea exported in them, are .aroed to the manufacture-in here to bo l -sin need. The proper course to havo taken «ss to a-sent to "the proposed reduction of o, rate to a merely nominal eum, as was minted out by '/'-« Agr. at the time. The \- miuissioners did not then think so. \ cs- 'pnlsy, however, tliey determined, on the notion if .Commissioner Sarpood, to alter tbor decision. Commissioner Couche -being lie only dissentient. The K.M-?- Assam will be despatched t-om Meibonrno with the Mnplish mails via Ctlle at two p.m. on Saturday the 23th inst., instead of Friday, the 27 th. The chairmau of the Melbourne Harbor TflWt yesterday informed the members at tending the usual fortnightly meeting that a I putoJ friend waa endeavoring to again open I co negotiations between the Melbourne I lltrbor Trust and Messrs. Wright, Orr »nd Co., in reference to the dock rUpnte. Commissioner Reid mndo a tsirR0 against the engineer of having | mismanaged the dredging operations | o' the Trust. Several members appeared ueoved that Mr. Reid had cot made the charge in the works committee meeting, in. Itesd of dragging tbo Trust through the mud, B one member expressed himself, by making the charge at the ordinary meeting, when the representatives or the press were present. After rather an acrimonious discussion it was decided to refoc the matter to a special committee for investigation. Two of the ships that arrived yesterday report having bad fatal aooidenta ou the piinsge. One'waa on hoard the Eaton Hall, from Ca'icntta, and happened to John Gra- i«m an ordinary seaman, who fell from tlio Biintopsail yard and broke his arm ; this wis set and every attention paid to him, tot he died about nine hours afterwards of internal injuries, although he stated about till an hour prior to his death that he felt mite comfortable, and was not suffering joy pain except frum the broken limb. The other occurred on board the Loch Rannoch to John M 'Vicar, a» apprentice, who fell over board from the mizon topgallant yard while Misting to stow the sail. Lite-buoys were thrown to him, the ship immediately hove to, and a boat manned by the chief officer and six men was sent to hie assistance, but with out avail, as nothing could be seen of the unfortunate youth after two hours' search, ilthough his cap aud three of the life-buoys sere picked up. He was a native of Glasgow, sixteen years old, and was much respected by all on board the ship. The American barque Edward May, on b-rgiassage from New York, passed on the 22nd of November, in 46.50 south and 103 ast, a ship's lower mast, with the rigging attached. It had tbo appearance of being a fcailt mast, was painted white from the mast head to the hounds aud bright below. The tame vessel also, while running lior cor, ting down on the 20th and 30th of September, sighted Eeverul icebergs and a quantity of drift ice. The late manager of tho Princess's Theatre, Mr. Morton Tavares, was summoned to the City Court yesterday by Beven members of the lata drarnatio company at that theatre for wages, nmonnting in tho aggregate to £35 17s. 2d. Mr. M'Kean, for the defendant, admitted the liability, and said his client wis willing to pay, and the claims made against him would in all pro- lability be settled in a few dayB. Mr. J. Edwards, on behalf of the complainants, said bis clients had worked a number of nights for nothing, and some of tbetn had been particularly hardly dealt with, inasmuch as they had travelled a considerable distance to fallil their engagement at the theatre, they having been led to believe that they would receive permanent employment. The bench made orders for payment and allowed 10s. Ed. costs in each case. At the City Court yesterday Mr. Charles Fausset, solicitor, was called upon to answer a charge of having been illegally on the pro mises of Mr. H. Roberts, professor of danc ing, Si Collins-street east. The defendant rxplameil that three persons bad previously Tilled to serve a fraud summons upon a iiotber of Mr. Roberts, aud defendant under, took to do so himself, and visited Mr. Jd. Roberts's premises in Collinn-Btreet. He was ordered to leave by Mr. Roberts, who raid his brother was not present. Mr. Fausset, however, did not leave, and was given into custody. Tho defendant denied that he was trepassing on that portion of the premises occupied by complainant, and tho bench dismissed the case. The adjourned annual meeting of the Corio Shire Council was held on Wednesday, writes cur Qgeloug correspondent. Tho bilance- slient showed the receipts for tho ye-.r to have amounted to £5573, which in cluded a balance from the previous year of £15-10, and tile expenditure to £4034, leav ing a credit balance of £93S. The annual meeting of the Bendigo district, M.U., l.O.O.F., was held in the Odd- fellows' Hall, Sandhurst, on tho 3rd i u-t. The district officers present were — John Green, Prov. G.M.; John H. Wilson, Prov. D.G.M., and Samuel H. McGovan, Prov. C.S. There were thirty-one representatives from the various lodges present. 'The Prov. G.M., in his opening address, Stated that the number of members good on the books B 4 1077. Luring the year twenty-three ttiemlirs and eleven "wives of members had died, and ninety one new members had been initiated. 'The auditors' report and balauco- rlneis ior the past -half-year were reoeived sod erupted. Funeral donations amounting to £27o e ..re passed for paymeut ; special doiiai ious amounting to £70 were also voted for r-r.'-ei I mumiiers and wives of de- C:'S'-d n. embers. The election of district officers for tiie ensuing year thou took place, vita ll.u billowing result: — Bro. Wilson, Prov. G.M.; Bro. Connelly, Prov. D.G.M.; and Bro. S.H. McGovan, P.S.C.; treasurer, Bro. Petrie; auditors, Messrs. McEllvoy, Pope and Martin; examining officer, Bro. White; relieving officer, Bro. Petrie. The tollmving deputies were elected to represent 'be district at tho firming annual commit, tee of tho order, to bo held at Hamilton in March, 1879 : — Pros. Pope, Jones, Haynes, Connelly, Glasson and Green. The interest of the proceedings was heightened by a special visit of the throe principal officers of the order in Victoria — Messrs. J, Coverlid, J. Neeson and J. T. Hart. The grand muter, in addressing tho meeting, congra tulated the delegates on having extinguished the indebtedness of the incidental funds of their lodges, and cuuuselled them to- exer cise extreme carefulness in all future deal- icp with their funds. Referring to the ,/iumeroun coal mining companies projected of late in tho Western District, the i olnc f ic.'ahl writes : — Hardly a week posses without u now dieaurary of coal tieing reported to un, and the specimens obtained therefrom aro cant to be, in sqine oce's opinion, the finest and must likely yet obtained. '1 he latest tind has been made by »!r. Walker, of Racnucarook, who brought into Colao a large block of what soino persons called coal, but which would have been more properly described an lignite. If the mineral alluded to be allowed to lie for another 1000 years it might then become coal, but in its present state it is not of the slightest com- mere: i.l vidue. ' Ths name of tho poison who caused some excitement in Colao ou Monday Just by throwing himself out of one of tho lndwav carriage windows has turned out to he that of Mr. J.. TV. Bird, of Eirrtgurra. His escape was indeed a miracle. No reason has howevor yet been Vouchiafed for tbo cecentrio conduct of the gentleman named, but be writes the Cofac Herald that ho fell out through tho ooor being unfastened. 'This, however, is denied bv tho authorities, the doors having been .locked in the first instance, and also Fete found to be so after tho affair. Mr. |r'| is to be prosecuted for leaving tho train vbile in motion, in addition to which ho S-arly caused tho deotb of two railway jc waK ony a f3W months ago tho person narrowly escaped imprison- mtnt for imitating tho guard's whistle at the uveloug ktntion. The lighthouse at Currie's Harbor, King's Island, will To completed about the middle j>< April, and the maintenance of it will then be handed over to Tasmania. A sacred concert was given on Wednesday >n tho Wesley an Church, Coburg, by tin: united choirs of tho district, under me conductorship of Mr. Joseph Kendall, tiue remell officiated at the organ. Selec- enp from tho Creation and Messiah were feiuered very creditably. A dueL by Mr. jjeseph Kendall anil Miss Harriot Smith, wherefore is Jly Soul Cast Down (Eli), fas much admired. The Rev- Dr. Dare presided. The funds obtained from tho concert will be devoted to the Weeleyan Ctiuca -Building Fund. a.r. Claries Thaokeray, though by nomeans "Popular a snbjeot as Diokens, drew a splea- Cia house at the Town Hall last night. ' This eveninj, the last appearance but one of the eminent leotnror, Oliver Cromwell, or Bible and sword, will be presented. In the oborse of the lectnre Mr. Clark will recite Macaulay's Puritan war song, Naseby Fight, and the mnsical programme of tbe city organist will appropriately include tbe over- tore to The ttugpenots. These combined literary and mnsical entertainments nnder Mr. Smytbe's management have proved so popnlar that it is a pity they cannot be con- tinned ; but next week Mr. Clark is" adver tised- to take his farewell at Geelong and Ballarat. Mr. D'Arcy Read, whose ghost entertain ment at tbe Athensenm has been drawing j good honses for some weeks, has introduced ; a startling and original illusion which he calls a Phantasm. It consists of three human beads, apparently dissevered from the bodies, endowed with the power of talking and singing. They are placed on a fhble on the stage in fnll view of the Rudience, and their actions cause much hawilderment. Mr. Read has announced his first matinee for Saturday afternoon next. Mr. G. R. Ireland will -take a benefit at the Prince of Wales's Opera House this oven- ing. The performance, will consist of Peep- o'-Day, in which Mr. Charles WhcatleigU and Sir. Theodore Hamilton will appear, the Screen Scene from the School for Soan- d,l, with Mias Adelaide Bowring as Lady Teazle, and A Bough Diamond, which will be played by member of the Albert Amateur Dramatic Club. With so good and diver sified a programme there should be a large attendance. The clever entertainment of the Baldwins at Si. George's Hall was agaift well patro nised last evening, and the various exposures of spiritualistic phenomena were well re cci fed. The clairvoyance performance will be given by request on Friday evening, when hia Excellency tbe Governor has signified his intention to-be present. Madame Carlotta Taaco, after a highly successful tour in New Zealand, baa returned to Melbourne, whenJ she will probably give a pianoforte recital before proceeding to Sydney. A. ba2inr will he opened to-dnr. In the town hU, Ki wt in aid ol the fund to provide & utw orx»u lor Holy Trinity Church In that borough. Tne American well-bonm? machines, M'Kay end Co.'rt pnti-nt, are now made at ilr. jJhuson'e Tjne Foundry, Yarra hank. Tho monthly meeting of the Victoria Mutual Build ing and Investment Society was held on Wednesday evening; Mr. Thomas Alston in the chair, 'ihe takings were announced to be £7544 18d. 2 j. A handsome trophy silver cup is new on view at M r. David Klnnear's, K astern Arcade, to be raced for on Monday nt>xt, from C&atlcmaine;, by theinudrldge I'iceoQ Homing Club. The monthly tueutincr of tho Fifth Union Benefit Building and Investment Society w# held Ia6t even ing; Mr. Henry Miller in tho chair. The receipt of tiie evening were £2188 8., and sveutoeu shares were sold ntlSs. Od. premium. The sixth modified examination of candidates for re gistration under tbo Pb -rmacy Act was held before the board of examiners, Messrs. Dostfito, Btackctt and Jolinfon, yesterday, at the ttoyal Society Hail. The cfuidUlntes who passed were:— Ivor Henry Davie, Leopold O'DonneH and Albert AndrevT. Tho exami nation wasptusvd by Mr. Davics with credit. The city orcanlst will ply the following selections this iifiornoon, nt four o'clock, namely overture, Haydee, Autor; romnnza nymph-my (Queen »«f France), Haydn ; opera selection, Faust (cathedral scone), G riinod ; grand march, The Heroes, Aiendels- b>iltn; oratorio selection, Alexander's Feiat. viz., air, Softly weet In Ltdian Measure; cho-ue, The Many rend the Skies, Handel : finnle, national anthem. A meeting of the Moitiourno Debating society wa held mi Monday evening. Mr. Cruwtr.er, M.A., re.td h paper, Is the Tendency of Manhood Suffrage to Ad- v moo the Material Interests of a Country? Tho ton- dm ic.v of the arguments advanced <%erc opposed to tho principle of manhood suffrago. as calcu atcd ultimately todentro tho balance of power in the State. On being put to tho vole lb-- principle of manhood buffrnge was maintained. Tho annual social reunion given by Messr. M'Greadv, 'i'h msou and .Niven, pub ishrrn and im- I ortcra, insdaio street w< st, to tin ir employe #. wives and families, was held on Monday cveinn- ai the Koyal S txon Hotel, Klfzabeth-strout. Too cliainnan, Mr. J. h'iven, in the course of tho evening presented Mr. A. Boxall with a purao of sovereign a» a ma'k of esiuom un i retipectfrom hi fellow employe, on the occasion o; hie leaving for Wellington, New Zo -land, to take charge of a branch there. -The evening was very agree ably bpeiit. On '(uo-'tny.Snl December, th annual installation of t':.e mu'tcT ft'nl his offi:ers of the Lodge of Judah, B.C., took place in the Masouio Hal), Londale-strceU Tho It. tV.M., Bro. Moore, was iu the clmlr, by wlioiu a candidate was initiated in the mysteries of Free masonry. Tiie K.W.M. then vacated tiie chair In Kvor of Bro. M. Goldstein, D.G.fl;W., who installed Bro. Ccderberg nt the R. W.il. for tbii enduing twetvo mo'itlibj also D.U., Bro. Moore, 8uh«tttute Bro. Prichuen. and Bro. Spink, S.W.; Bro. Burton, J. W.; Pro. Cahill, tieasurer; Bro. Millar, secretary; Bro. Itintel, chaplain ; Bro. Coverlid, S.D.; Bro. rowne, J.D.;Bro Porrntou, organ hi; Bros. Wriuht and Jack son, Mtewards ; Bro, Altson, Inner gua d; and Bro. Levy, Tyler. Bro. Joseph Cahill wa thon in a few appropriate rotnark presented by tho installing master, on behalf of the lodge, with a bandouio Masonic treisu-er'a jewel set with diamonds. Bro. Ciibili acknowledged tbo tcstimonal of ''brotherly love," Tho lodge having been closed in harmony, the brethren udjourncd to a eumptuouH banuuut, provided by Bro. Paul, whose entering kit nothing to be des'red. The evening wa enlivened by songs ami recitations, Bro. Pcrraton aoting" as ?ccom- pmyisu 