Amusement. CONUNDRUMS. WttV may negroes be better trusted than white men not to betray secrets ? — Because they always keep dark. What forest trees are. impostures? — The oaks (bu;ix). Why is a voune lady duncinc the polka like a horse ut lull pace ? — Because sde is a gal hopping (galloping). What win-l Jo «??- naturally look for after Leut?— An J£aster.\f one. WfHY ought a lady's lmmc-dress to last a long while? — Beeause istie uever wears it out. CHA11ADE6. I WAS seen at first in rags. I was diity and despised, but I found the virtue of cleanliness, and becHme esteemed. Worthy muQ -received me, aud, impressed by their good will, I continued to improve. Fair women 'took me by the hand, end I was with them at their sewing, and at last be came covered with glory. I am now con sulted by the sentimental aud am esteemed by lbe morij ; bo that in all -jnict and con vivial assemblies I um welcomed. What am I?— Aniiwcr: A song- book. My first is three ninths of what you arc all hearing ; my second is a home lor ani mals ; and my tchnle is a public authority. — Con-stable. CARD TRICKS. DrscAUD all the 2's, a's, 4's, 5's, and C's from the pack. Let a person chuose thres cards from the rest, informing them that the ace counts fur eleven, the picture cards for ten, and the others according to the number of spots on them. Each of the three must be placed face downwards ou the table, and with as many cards on them as with the spots will m3ke fifteen ; thus eight cards would have to be put on a seven of hearts, four on an ace, and five on a queen. Let him then return the rest of the pack. Then count how many cards remain, aud by adding sixteen you will be able to tell the whole number of spots 'n the three bottom cards. The total on the three packs above esampled would be found to be twenty-eight. PAI1L0UB GAMES. The Ghost Walks. — All the company, except the director and one other, leave the room ; the latter is one chosen by lot to re main. After a pause the director clasps his hands, when a figure entirely covered by a sheet or a white tablecloth enters. The cloth ebould bo hung over a broom carried by the figure, so as to give height. On the top where the face was supposed to be there ought to be pinned a piece of cloth to repre sent a mask. As 'the ghost walks' tbe step should ue slow and Bolemn. It will move across the room, and then turn, and depart as it has entered. Then the director will ask tbe person who remains in the room to guess who it is. If he does so correctly the ghost exchanges places with him or her, as the care may be, and pays a forfeit as well ; but if the guess is wrong the person who made the mis'ake subjects himself to a forfeit. It will be the business of those who enact ghost to diVfruise of much as possible their «rait or any peculiarity that would betray their id«r,ti;y. 