THE TELEGRAPH. ??'? : TnvRSDAT, 'JUNE n;nn:-, . 1PSWIGE;, EDITION; .., ...,.? ? . . .-Bbakch.Oppiob, j .-.?..? ?;?-:?. This i.Day. The Municipal Council of Ipswich have not the loast intention ? of allowing tho polony to forget their exlBtonce', and have bestirrei them selves to Bomo purpose in reBpcot of tho 'Local Government Bill. , An .invitation is. to .bo sent' out to each and every of tho municipalities of Queensland, to send' delegates to Brisbane ' to frame amendments to tho proposed enactment. -If the Assembly has any rogard for it's own pcaco, it win rasa tnat .diii. oomo wntor once expressed a wish to see a man's biography with corrections and emendations by his ghost; the Local Government Bill, ^af ter boing subjected to tho criticism of tho seventeen delegates, will bo nearly as great a literary curiosity. Aldor xnan Macfnrlano, M.L.A., apparently had somo suspicion that 'tho Assembly might , : become aptivo under the unwonted atimulus of incal culable amendments, and hinted that ' 'twero well that 'twere done qnickly,' and the invitations will no doubt; suon be on tho way to tho various municipali ties. Ono hopo tho Asspmbly may. oheriBh, and that is, if tho suggestions of tho delegates are likely to bo troublesome to them, tho discussion of tho Buggestions is protty certain to bo strong among the delegates. Tho needs of Rookhompton can nover be identical with those of Toowoomba, whilo Ipswioh - is the victim of a rivalry and a memory of past great-' neBs which cannot bo felt by other towns. Besides, there aro some corporations that will bo likely to Btand on thoir dignity and resent tho Athenian advanco with a scornful ' Mary borough, we know, and Warwick wP know, but what aro ye f ' But the idea is nevortholcss good' and original ; as the municipalities will bo bound' by thoproposedatatuto it is only right theyshpuld understand and even participate in the framing of the enactment. The recommendation to put pressure upon tho local representatives has an evil savour, it smacks of roads and|bridges, and oarrioB with it an cohd of applications and acold ings about public funds. ,'.l ho thing, however, must bd done somohow, and great orodit is due to the Cou'ndil for tho alacrity and pluck with which they havo seized time by the' forelock and. taken the lead in a matter which concerns ; the wholo of tho colony. -' : 