OLD LETTERS. With rosy ribbon's laded ghoit to bind them, Long forgotten ami d things we all forget, In a chest of ancient souvenirs I find them, Faintly scented from old crumbled mignonette. And as now I slowly read them, solemn-hearted, I imagine, with a vague phantasmal dread, That among their yellowed pag'es I have parted' The inviolable cerements of the dead! Here are words that shine with sunny expectation Of returning over sea to friends and home; " When at last this gaudy Carnival's elation Discontinues, . we shall tear ourselves from Borne." Like a brook the merry language ripples brightly; Well she loved, that happy siBter, what life gave! Let me think how many years it is that nightly Stars have gUmmered on her lonely Boman grave! Here is writing that I almost hold as holy; Be was such a light of learning. Brother Ned 1 Equal gentleman to lofty or to lowly, With bis candid Saxon eyes and golden head! Father chided him too sternly, always crying At his boyish college love of cards and wines I Ah, how often I have dreamed I.aaw him dying Far away among those Oregonian mines! Here are leaves where still the soul of summer lingers; " Come to-morrow, love; the country is so dull.' Oh, the perfume of those cottage-door syringas, And the twilight of the meadow's languid lull 1 Oh. the fire-flies, with their dizzy glitters wovea Through the bOBkage. of the oopses dark and damp t Oh, the rapture while she gently played Beethoven In the parlour where the moth was at the'lamp 1 It is lately as last August that I met her Attheorowded Newport ball where 1 had strayed, .One a widower of sixty-two and better, One a dowager with feathers and brocade. Was it fancy that sometimes looked severely At her pretty daughter's partner in the waltz 1 Conld it happen that a meagre income yearly Was conspicuous among his youthful faults ? Drear momentoes of thoBe disannulled affections. Like the rays from planets that no longer glow, With your tidings that are ghostly resurrections, It were wiser to have burned you long aao! Yet, alas I what wasting flame's intenser flashes, With the reddest greed destruction can endow, Could have made you the irrevocable ashes That annihilating Time has made you now! 