THE VATICAN DEFEAT. The Vaticariistri both here and in'Englari'd were in too great a hurry to' publish the triumph of Y atican plottings respecting the establishment of the Papal Hierarchy in Scotland. They knew what was pur posed ; they knew what the Papal mind of Pius IX. desired with reference to the ancient kingdom of Scotland ; and, prob ably, they knew that' certain correspon dence had passed between the Yatican . rind the English Government sufficient to warrant the report " that the Pope had written to the Queen thanking her for her grant of liberty to him to set up his contemplated hierarchy in Scotland." . All this was sufficient to induce the flatterers of the infallible man to raise the. shout of victory. And so they did raise it. They wrote and spoke as if the thing were done. They saw the old kingdom parcelled out among a lot of bishops and archbishops, ; monks and abbesses, with one of the Yaughans, probably, as cardinal sitting in Edinburgh. And they accordingly saw " black Presbyterians " driven out and the beautiful anrl nnnstnlie reliainh nf crosses, dish water, hosts,, old bones and rags once more flourishing- in Scotland. But they forgot to consider one thing-— viz., the history of Scotland and the-devo- tion of the Scotch people to that history. Our Sydney Freeman recently -had a won derful article on the Scotch. It said that they were an intensely religious people — a' , people peculiarly fie to make good Catholics of— -a people who, if once freed from their present false religion, would be the chief supports and honour of the Popedom ; and, accordingly, the , Scotch were said to be, dnnaturally, Protestants ; that Protestantism does not sit kindly on them, and' that,, in fact, they are heartily . sick of it ; for 'they are only waiting . for the1 Holy. Father at Rome to send them the word, r( and fortkwith - they / will bow down, kiss.' his'big toe, cross themselves, and. cast their horrid bibles away ! But how now ? What has gone wrong ? How'has thhjihlEallibie man failed ?; 'How have' the. victorious Vaticanists turned tail"? 'Why . are they running away"? Have theyseen a ghost?— A ghost in deed !'. They ' have found out that Johii Knox? "has come up," like Samuel of. -'bid ii'the, witch of Endor. They have found out ' that, tihe ancient Scotch worthies, ; in. th'eir Scotch parliament, , did : something which' is very inconvenient and' threaten ing, viz.',, this, they passed law,s prohibiting, under1 very severe penalties' any 'setting up/, of Papal hierarchies in , Scotland. They ' have' found out that these laws'sfiW remain in force, and that they are incor porated' in the rights which the ' Scottish people/ have,' uhder the , settlement of William III1 arid under the Act of TJnion with England. They therefore have found -out'. that; some' of i!tBri Scottish lions were lying., in wait' for them, ready to pounce upon the mitred 'gentlemen as soon as they dared to show themselves in Scotland, and to drag them red hats, crosses,. pixes- and all to the Court of Sessions, where they might expect to find, what they could .not -find'-.i'England, a', little';" bifs'.'.df national law !' .The/ghost has' frightened them:; so. tliey/have run'; arid the scare for 1 IKe time -being' has; 'been better than High!" walls rusty hlun-- derhusseH send ' the apostolic';emissaries b'ack'"fo:Rome ! v; In aribther 'coluirih our "readers will' see that'the' elbqueritD'rf WyliepfEdiriburgh Has written A' tprimphiet;' addressed! to Mr. Gladstone on the' subject. Public meet ings" Have been Held also, to show the people' of Scotland what their forefathers did to secure them their country for evei" frdm the blight and tyranny of Popery. Many of them, in consequence of the long peace, and of the long, unfaithful silence of their teachers and leaders on the sub ject of Pbpery, kad forgotten their own laws'. Some- eniinent Protestant friends in London, also early pointed out that Scotland was differently situated from England, in res pect of Papal aggressions, because of the laws which had been passed abolishing' the Pope's jurisdiction. Dr. Wylie, in the pamphlet referred to has brought all these things together— the Act of Scottish Parliament of 1560 abolishing the Papal jurisdiction in Scotland, and forbidding, under heavy penalties, the territorial titles of the hierarchy; and also the Statute of 1567 ratifying the fundamental Act of 1560 ; and then, still more, the Act of Settlement, which incorporates the before- mentioned statutes, .of , William III. (of Glorious Memory) ; and Dr. Wylie' shows that . . these Acts make it impossible, illegal,; and punishable for the Vatican to attempt what it succeeded in doing in England, when Cardinal Wiseman appeared to "govern the subjects of the Vatican in England." Mr. Gladstone, in acknow ledging the pamphlet of' Dr. Wylie, seems to admit that the barrier will be sufficient, and expresses his own personal gratifica tion if such be the result. Scotland, then, is not yet lying at the feet of the Pope, and the Vatican batterers are sent back to Borne to tell the; tale that the .Scotch thistle is still as red and: jaggy as ever ! ' Who would have believed it? Freeman ; has actually condescended to reply to our statement in the Herald , that Freeman is among the lot who often enough "insult Protestants." His policy hitherto has been ; that of silence ; and it was a wise one ; but now that he has been tempted to speak, he only reveals the usual Popish effrontery, with a mixture of impudent assumption of pure innocence. He tells us that he never has " insulted Protestants." Not a single passage shall " we find in all his pages which is insulting to Protest ants." Whether as an " aggressor or not" he has never done such a thing. Oh no. Nay, he calls heaven to testify that such a thing is farthest from his thought — " Heaven forbid that a word of ours should give Protestants pain — unless it is that pain which follows a disturbed con science." He is ready to go upon his knees —he is ready to go into the witness box —and swear that he would as soon think of cutting .his head off as of "insulting Protestants." . All this is astounding; but when we begin to consider, and to find out passages in proof, we see how vain would be the attempt ; for Freeman has learned the art of preparing for himself a comfortable door of escape from any con viction; as, for example — He tells us we shall find many passages in which he has "pleaded the political rights of his race and creed " (and of course nothing insulting to Protestants could be found in such pas sages) ; " many passages in which he has warned his readers of the social and poli tical dangers which seem to beset them (and of course nothing insulting to Pro testants could occur in such warnings); " many reviews which have pressed heavily on .fallacies which might have imposed on his readers understandings " (and of course nothing insulting to Pro- testants could occur in such exposing reviews) ; " many articles which have exposed inconsistencies and scandals in Protestant sects " (and of course it is im possible that anything insulting to Pro testants could be found in such articles); no, it is "not of Protestant Christianity, but a travesty of it that he has writtten strongly !" It is not " against fellow Christians who think they see the truth and try to walk quietly and soberly in its light, whose faith is proved by good works, who love ,the Lord and love charity for his sake that any passage in the Freeman's Journal has ever been directed ;" no, it is only when Freeman conies across men calling themselves Clvris- iiaris, arid especially Christian ministers, agitating to deny Christianity to his little ones "— then it is that Freeman " feels justified in showing their conduct in its true colours 1" But " to do this," says . Freeman, with a wink of Jesuitical cun ning and satisfaction in his eye, imagining how nicely he has deceived the simple understanding of .his readers, "is not to insult Protestants, but only to expose what is immoral and wicked J" — If silence . be golden, and speech be silvern, what is to be made of all this impudent and ignorant verbiage ? In the estimation of every in telligent man, whether Protestant or Papist, surely this extract alone is suffU cient proof of an " insult to Protestants." Does Freeman think that Protestants are such asses as not to see through all this lialf-covered hypocrisy ? Does he insult us by imagining that he imposes upon us by all these hollow and mopking explanations ? He , does not write against " Protestant Christianity!" Not he. But. why does he not speak honestly and say' that ' Pro: testant. Christianity " is " heresy," which his late pious Pope cursed abundantly every time that he opened his mouth? Freeman, honest man, only writes strongly against some " travesty " of " Protestant Christianity " — and a "spurious travesty !" But what does he know about a " spurious travesty ?" Would he be satisfied with a " travesty " which was not " spurious ?" He loves Protestants — who are " fellow Christians "—he only hates persons who call themselves Christians, and especially Christian ministers who " agitate to pro voke passions and angry feelings " — and, 'in his meekness and charity, he thinks it quite consistent in him to expose, without insults to ProteBtants, the conduct of those ministers who would take Christ ianity from his little ones, " in its true colours," as immoral and wicked." — -We never had any idea of the intelligence of Freeman; but now, we think, he. has given proof that the knave predominates over the fool. The depth of the malignity of Freeman and his capacity for "insult ing Protestants " will be seen from the following . which ends the article from which the above extracts are taken: " Christianity, however depraved and de graded, is respectable in our eyes ; and that is more than we can say for that remark able imitation of it called M'Gibbonism This is intended to be a personal compli ment to us, and to be a specimen of true Christianity and of Freeman1 s " loving the Lord and walking in charity for His sake." But the malignity in his heart makes him talk falsehood and absurdity. He wanted to give us a heavy blow ; but like all the rest of Freeman's exploits, it has recoiled upon himself, — " for an imi tation of Christianity " in hia eyes is less respectable than Christianity however degraded and depraved ! Heigh oh. St. Patrick's Day occurs very inauspi ciously for the Lent keepers, or the Lent keepers very easily can satisfy their con science and get a dispensation at a "reasonable price." Dr. Yaughan has been urging his good people to " fast much " and make a good Lenten commu nion by great self-denial and , attention to " cheese and dripping," instead of beef and chops ; and rum and beer instead of milk and eggs. He has been quoting Scrip ture and ransacking the PatherB, with Tobit into the bargain, to get proofs that " fasting is good for the soul." He has been showing that this labour of fasting, that is, feeding on cheese and eggs and milk and cold meat, is harder labour than the " breaking of stones." And, as a consequence, he has been telling his people " not to dine out," and " not to go to Entertainments, " if they can avoid them," because that by so doing they shall make a good communion and get the pardon of all their sins." But St. Pat rick's Day comes in to spoil the virtue of this good fasting. On that day, ' on Monday last, in spite of Dr. Yaughan's most " appealing Pastoral," the Catholics of Sydney turned out to have a jolly good day. They all resolved to " dine out." They all resolved " to go to an entertain ment." They all decided that they could not avoid " going to an entertainment," to " dine out." The very priests went with them. And, although it was the " Holy season of Lent," and everyone was most " conscientiously fasting," the Catholics of Sydney turned out well; they went into the picnic with fine appetite and zest. The priests enjoyed the fun of dancing and out-door, sports amazingly. Dean M'Carthy was as rollicking and witty as- ever, especially when " good poteen was going." They all sat down to a good table with; plenty to eat and drink. Bottles were polished off in great plenty. St. Patrick's health was duly honoured. Not one of the jolly priests doubted but that the health of St. Patrick is very much prolonged by being drunk to'in a , good flowing bowl. And then when the, good things were "duly discussed," the people rose up to play and dance, which they did to their hearts content, to the sound of a good Irish bag pipe ; and then, 'when dancing was duly honoured, Mr. O'Meagher delivered an oration on the life and ministry and vir tuous actions of the great St. Patrick, who, although a Scotchman, was a " real Irishman," and who, although the son of an ecclesiastic, was a genuine Papist 1 If Boman Catholics would only look they could not but see the absurd contradictions of these St. Patrick exhibitions. But anything will do to fleece them of their money, and to keep up the delusion of holiness by such amusing fasting ! ' The Herald did not think it. worth while to publish " the masterly and elo quent speech " of Mr. O'Connor last week, on the . Hyde Park troubles. What a piiy. J '..'.-Hut . he has supplied Freetnan with a sketch of it, and so the substance of it is saved to the everlasting good of the country. It amounted, then, to thiB, " that the Hyde Park proceedings were disgraceful." So they were; but, with whom lies the disgrace ? Mr. O'Connor left that to be inferred ; but he forgot to prove it. Then he went on — " I have no hesitation, sir, in saying that the Govern ment will fail in vindicating the honour of this House and the magistracy, if Messrs. Davies, Boseby, and Harris (because of the part which they took in being present at a public meeting, the last named in i being present, and the two former in speaking in favour of the right of freedom of speech), are not without delay struck off the Commission of the Peace." .Here is a pretended legislator telling the world about what he does not " hesitate " to say ! It would have been well for Mr. O'Connor's reputation for sense if he had: hesitated. He has exposed himself to the contempt of every man — Popish or Pro testant — for his rash ignorance of every thing like British law and justice. He has confessed — in a passion of course — what small chance obnoxious. Protestants would have of j ustice if his Popish ideas were to prevail. Mr. Harris merely attended a public meeting which had been called to advocate and defend the right of free speech ; whereupon Mr. O'Connor " does not hesitate," but demands that his name shall therefore be removed from the Com mission of the Peace ! and it must be struck off to vindicate the honour of the House in Macquarie street ! Then, Messrs. Davies and Boseby attended the same meeting and claimed that, while they did not endorse the utterances of Pastor Allen, that gentleman should not be assailed by mobs, but be prosecuted in a proper way if he had done anything contrary to law ; whereupon Mr. O'Connor did not hesitate to demand that the names of these two J.P.'s should be struck off the Commission of the Peace for such audacious conduct 1 and he demanded that this should be done to vindicate the honour of the House of Parliament and the magistracy ! One would have thought that so pretentious a gentleman as Mr. O'Connor would have known that the magistracy is accustomed to wait for evi dence, produced in a legal way, before it acts, and that it would be Popish and. tyrannical if it did anything else. Much ' more then might the Government and the House be expected to hesitate, and wait, and weigh evidence according: to. law ! But no ; Mr. O'Connor's notions of honour on the part of Parliament and the magis tracy are so peculiar, that he did not " hesitate " to make a fool of himself by his silly rage and impotent gesticulation. And to crown his folly he went on to say that if a Boman Catholic priest were to appear on the Park and preach controver sial sermons he would be rightly served if he were "roughly handled !" Thus our legislation who is sent into parliament to make laws, teaches the brutal mob to break the laws. If the preacher be a " Jack-a- napes " — a " demagogue " — a " mountebank " — so much the more justi fied would the brutal mob be if they " handled him roughly !" This is the old story of Popish justice, and this Jack-a- napes of a legislator has had the audacity to advocate such justice in " the House," about whose honour he pretends to be so anxious ! Bad and all as Macquarie- street is, its honor is not so far gone as to need the advocacy of Mr. O'Connor. It is not so far degraded as to need such appeals to mob violence ; and, if it had been concerned . about its honour it would have hissed the honourable Popish member down to his seat till he has learned the A.B.C. of parliamentary intelligence. The good people of Goulburn are going to have an unexpected blessing. Somehow they have been long deprived of it. The cause is not explained, but it must have been very peculiar since the people of .Goulburn have been suffering untold miseries and deprivations in consequence. It is hard to know how many of the Catholics of the district have been lost, or have been Bent, for a longer period to purgatory than would have been necessary under other circumstances, in consequence of Dr. Lanigan being " prevented by pres sing business from attending to the decree of the Holy Pius three years ago." What was the decree ? It was this — that the Bishops should " consecrate their dioceses to the Sacred Heart of Jesus" by which they were to get the greatest blessings and be protected from the great dangers to the Church 1 which abound. But Dr. Lanigan has been too busy to attend to this decree for the last three years, and so the diocese of Goulburn has been suffer ing, and many of the poor Catholics have been passing away without the benefit; of devotion to the Sacred Heart, according to the decree of the " infallible Head of the Church." But Dr. Lanigan has now found time and leisure. He is not so busy now but that he can attend to the claims of the " Sacred Heart," and to the incalculable good which his people are to get from devotion to it. Accordingly, on the 9th of June next he is going to be prepared to consecrate his diocese. Then his diocese is to " affirm with greater dis tinctness the unity of Holy Church ;" is going to find " a safe protection and remedy against all the perils that threaten the soul, and greater patience under all the trials which assail the Church." Then Goulburn is to get " the divine help which is wanted— to be united to God — to have the minds of the young filled, with that which subjects the understanding God." Then Goulburn, by saying "daily one Our Father, one Hail Mary, and the Creed, and the asperation, ' amiable Heart of Jesus grant that 1 may love thee more and more,' " is to have every " necessary blessing flowing in . upon it." ' All this is coolly told the Goulburn people after three, years waiting ! But. now, unexpectedly, they are to get it, ias Dr. Lanigan is at leisure 1 Alas ! what mockery ; and the thing which is sad is,' that the Goulburn people will not see how they have been wronged, but will thank fully rejoice, that Dr. Lanigan has now time to attend to the decree of the great and good Pope Pius ! We are glad to notice that in Adelaide the Papists, had full liberty to keep their St. Patrick holiday by procession, band, green ribbons, and shamrocks in their hats without any interference from any-1 '- body. . The Acting-Governor, Mr. S.I. Way, a Protestant, reviewed the proces sion in the domain, and every band in March, as it came up to Government ., House, played the National Anthem. In ' the evening there was a concert, at which Sir George KingBtone, another Protestant, presided. The performers sang Irish' songs, two orators discoursed' on the glories of the Patron Saint ; the company - joined in the song, " The wearing of the Green ;" and the National Anthem wound up the affair. All this was , most admirable, and anybody calling in at,, Adelaide on the occasion, would haved naturally concluded that the Irishmen in that colony were the finest fellows living -—each of them a St. Patrick in embryo — , and that all the sects were living in har mony and good will. But this is only one side of the picture ; a side which may be seen almost anywhere when Catholics have all things their own way. When liberal Protestants try to coax them by such questionable charity as that of Mr. Way and Sir George Kingstone, they look like the deep sea in a calm— very placid ; and their lighthearted mirth about the " Harps of Erin " would quite mislead you as to what they are able to do and say when a cross wind blows. We are certain that ProteBtants are always far more willing to give than to take. Some from paltriness, some from baser motives, and some from- ignorant unfaithfulness would yield everything for the sake of peace. Such "peace-loving" might be very pleasant if, it were reciprocated. If our liberal Protestants were honest in giving by their .insisting upon equality in taking,; we should not have so much cause to complain as we now have. But, strange' to say, all their liberality is on the side of giving ; and Bomanists love such liberal and high-minded and unbigoted Protest ants. They will go to preside at St. Patrick meetings to please the Catholics ; but they will not ask that Catholics should come and preside at Protest-"' ant meetings; this they say would ! be unreasonable ; and they quarrel with Protestants and exhibit very illiberal and uncharitable feelings towards Pro testants whoask them tq give their coun tenance aiso to Protestant gatherings. For example, we know of a good many Ways and EingBtones who will go to meetings of St. Patrick and other Popish saints, because thqy are " liberal ;" but they are very illiberal towards those: who think that their duty is to stay away. Then these Ways and Kingstones will show their liberality by companyihg with Papists; but they will refuse to go to distinctively Protestant meetings because they do not " wish to give offence yes, and they will denounce those distinc tively Protestant meetings as bigoted and illiberal and calculated to keep up strife and sectarian feeling 1 For our part we like to be generous and liberal ; but we object to the reciprocity which is all ' on one side. We are quite willing thatr Papists should have their processions without molestation; but we demand that Protestants have the same privilege. , The Sunday Motion. — Mr. Hurley has never been known to do anything in the House which might be called "important." Beyond second ing a motion, moving that the House do adjourn, or asking some minister a question, we do not know that he has ever given any proof of statesmanship. Certainly we are unaware of his ever having been chosen to plead the cause of the working men of Sydney, or to state what "most of the clergy "of Sydney would wish, in relation to Sunday keeping. Yet this gentle man has undertaken to say that the working men of Sydney are anxiously asking the open ing of the Museum and Public Library on Sunday, in order that they may have some amusement, and have some refuge from listen ing to "clergymen who cannot instruct. them." He has also undertaken to say that most of the clergymen of Sydney would approve of the opening of the Museum and the Public Library. We are certain that the hon. gentleman has spoken on both points without authority. He is the laat legislator whom the working men would select for their advocate ; bHt the fact is that they have not selected him ; nor have they in any. way asked for any such liberty or "privilege " as he has sought to force on them. .We are certain too that the clergymen of Sydney never authorized Mr. Hurley to. speak for them and propose such a motion as agreeable to them. The fact then is that the labour of the hon. member has been not only gratuitous but officious. It was totally unwarranted, unasked for, and tyrannical. In such a matter it seems to us that it was due to the public and to all parties concerned that some adequate movement outside ought to have preceded such a resolu tion. It seems to us that the Government ought to hesitate and decline to act upon the resolution until the public wish is ascertained. The resolution is a surprise. It has been car ried <by only 10. to 12 out of a house of 72 members. It has been carried without the feel ing of the public being known. Mr. Hurley may pride himself on his first victory, but we think it is creditable neither to his head nor his heart, although it may be a relief to the " bil iousness " of which it appears he has often to complain . on the Sundays especially. We object to the resolution. We protest against it. And although the evils to be apprehended from it may never occur, yet we are bound to say that such a result will not be|ground for thank fulness to Mr. Hurley for one act . of statesman? ship. Walter Cooper Esq., Barrister-at-Law. — This gentleman, who has been retained for the rioters on Hyde Park has entered upon his business con amove. He is now face to face with Pastor Allen in another fashion than when he lectured on Oliver Cromwell. He remembers the time well, and ho now revenges it. He has. cross-questioned the rev. gentleman in a way which shows the gusto with which he defends the rioters. In fact, it was a stroke on the part of ; the rioters to engage the "learned " " bar rister." He lias, of course, the natural sympathy of a: lawyer with his client ; in addition to this, he has the .natural sympathy of a neophyte with the Popish mob with which he has now the connexion of religious brotherhood ; and, above and beyond all other reasons, he has the cordial hatred of a foiled lecturer who was worried and annoyed and enraged that such a " fellow " as the Pastor should show up his impudent assault on Oliver Cromwell. The rioters therefore are sure of their pennyworth in feeing the "learned" Walter Cooper, Esq., and they will not need to elbow him to be strong in abusing the plaintiff, for he will feel it his duty so to do to his heart's content. Thus wonderful changes happen in the course of a lifetime which is so conspicu ous as Mr. Cooper's. Mr. Davies' Bill.— Perhaps Mr. Da vies did right in accepting the amendment of Mr. Driver, that his Bill should be "referred to a Select Committee." But we think he has made a great mistake. The committee will shelve the Bill. The suggestion was not that of a friend, but of an enemy. Mr. Driver has no intention to . further the object of the Bill, and he is at the antipodes of Mr. Davies as to the whole question, notwithstanding that personally he is a teetotaller. Mr. Davies feared defeat, and he doubtless thought that in committee there would be a chance of something being done. We shall be glad if we are mistaken, but we suspect that it will be found that the select committee will be a respectable grave for the Bill. Our opinion is that Mr. Davie3 would have done better if he had gone on to a division. The country wants to know who are favourable and who are hostile. Defeat would have been honourable, especially in such a House. The promoters of reform in the licensing business and public-house trade, must be prepared for defeat and defeat and defeat fifty times ; but their policy is, to come up again to the contest, until the country has been impressed and the electors have found that their votes must im press the legislators on the point of their duty. For our part we believe that it is far wiser for reformers to hold on to principle and suffer for principle, than to dodge and manipuiate on the ground of compromise and expedience. Mr. Greenwood's Bill. — The example of Mr. Greenwood ought to have shown Mr. Davies that the referring of the Bill to a select committee was merely a ruse to get rid of the subject. Mr. Farkes moved that the Bill of Mr. Greenwood should be referred to a select committee. Anybody could see that this was a mere dodge on the part of Mr. Parkes to shelve Mr. Greenwood's motion, or to take the ques tion out of his hand. Mr. Greenwood, there fore, apparently, let the matter drop. Next session, therefore the question may be revived with better prospect ; but the false step made haBSO far given morecourage to the opponents to the measure, although It is palpably evident that the, members who speak on the question are mere tinkers, and not one dares now come out as a denominational advocate. The present Act which was abundantly denounced by Papists and denominationalists about 1 2 years ago, is now the very pink of perfection of legislation on the subject, and not one of them would ven ture to touch or improve one of . its principles ! Mr. Parkes seems to have come to the same opinion ; for although 12 years ago he was pre pared to go very far beyond the present Act, he now " constitutionally doubts " whether any improvement on the present Act is either de- sirable or possible. We have not lost faith in the principles of the League because of the shameful trimming, ignorance, and prejudice which are manifest as often as the question comes before the " House." Our New Zealand Correspondent.— Our correspondent in the most southern point of New Zealand, and a member of the most southern lodge in the world, reports to us the death of a worthy brother, Mr. William Martin, who died at the full age of 70 years, who had been an Orangeman the most of his life time, who was one of the earliest settlers in the country, and who was greatly respected by his fellow citizens. We are glad to notice that the brethren paid a very brotherly token of res pect to the deoeased brother, whose worth was universally acknowledged. Our cordial sym pathy joins. Miles Exercitatus. — We cannot agree with you that our Standard would have been more successful if wo had taught the unscriptural doctrine you enounce— namely, that those who die in the Lord are not with him in Paracuse, but punished until the general resurrection. "Ye have come," says the writer to the Hebrews, " to the spirits of the perfected just." " Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord front henceforth , saith the spirit," &c.; The Rev. Charles Clark. — After an absence of nearly two years, this eminent lecturer has returned to the colonies. Since his departure in July 1876, he has travelled through New Zealand, the United States, Canada, and England, and in no place has he failed to attract crowds of delighted hearers. In some places, the desire to hear him almost amounted to a mania, and in Canada where lecturing had fallen into disrepute, and the local lecturers failed to secure a moderate audience, the halls in which Mr. Clark held forth were beseiged by thousands. He commenced his new season in Sydney in the Masonic Hall, on Monday night, 25th instant, aud the crowded audience was evidence of the pleasure with which his return was hailed. . After the hearty applause which his first appearance on the platform elicited, he proceeded with his subject — "Westminster Abbey " — and for two hours he held his audience entranced. They testified to their appreciation by loud and frequent applause, and on the recital of King Henry V.'s address to the British army just before the Battle of Agincourt, the cheering was most vociferous. Mr. Clark's eloquent language, his expressive gesture, his wonderful memory, all tend to charm the listener. His choice of subjects,, too, is . so felicitous.. Who would tire of hearing of "-Boz,", " Oliver, Goldsmith," " Oliver .'.Crom well," "Macaulay," "Dickens," " Thackeray!" "The Tower, of London," and . " Westminster Abbey," even though the talents of the narrator were most mediocre ? What, then, is the pleasure to be experienced ' when a Charles Clark. chooses any of these for 'his theme? , 