) T H E :i' r-I A N T 0 M :M I N :i' II. y (A-ttonjof till! old gold (Ui/i/i III/ y " Tunti you a ghost story," said my undo Ned, a hale old | ) gentleman of 70 years. " AVcll, I will relat.e a peculiar affair tli.at b.appcned on T.allnians Gully, in l.S.I!)." i S Wc were all attention, .and li.stened to the very remark- ( able narrative he related in the following manner : Y " Vou must know," eoinincnecd my uncle, " that I and ) four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the ( river — living, I .said, I should have called it existing, for : ) we were most unforliuuatc, only tiuding .sutlicient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our cvciyday's / work, you may be sure we were tired cnougji ; but we were Y every night disturbed in our i-est by the clink, clink, dink \ of a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. Tiiis ( confounded noi.se always commenced at midnjght, and did ) not cease until the break of day. One night we were \ determined to see who it was ; so we sallied forth in the Y bright moonlight, and .saw a figure in a coarse red flannel J shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an \ old claim which had been deserted for many years. I was 7 chosen spokesman, to expo.5tulatc with this noi.sy digger; y but when I w.as within twenty yards of him, I stood still, C transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's ( clothes was iio tiring ni'in, hut a .tlmlotou j Y "Uncle Ned 1" we all cried, "how fearful." ( " One night, our tent w.as visited by a handsome, well- ? to-do .looking man, of .about fifty j'cars of age, who y enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. 7 He told us that in Til lie and a in.ate of his deserted from one of Her Jaje.st3''s .ships, and started for the Tallmans A gold fields.- They worked with pretty gooit luck for a few | C months, when the now comer went down to Melbourne to ( see about some letters. Before he went, he .said l;o his \ mate, 'Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the ( claim for a day until I come b.ack.' Bob promised, and y they parted. ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the e.x- digger, 'aiid there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on ( board;' and now that I have obtained my discharge, I ) have hastened up here to find mj'- old chum.' ' You will j \ see hiin to- night,' I'said;, f butyou'll ifind him very much , f changed.' At midnight, the everlasting elink of the | / phantom's pick was heard, and we .all turned out. ' Ah I ' | \ cried the sailor, '.there's . dear old Bob. Bob, here I am r back. Bob, speak to me.' .-He ran to the figure, which i ) turned its hideous face bh him. With a loud shriek the seeker | \ fell senseless pn the ground. The ghosi; threw down its i pick, and vanished. Iii the morning wc discovered the i ) poOisailbr a raving huiatic.'T : - . ' | V "i Oil, uncle Ned, what a fearful story." | " Well, you asked me to t'ell you' .a .!iT«»7/,dind I have j ) donesb."' ' -' , t . " Then, it is not true ' j " Well, said our uncloi'latighing, "it'is as true as many ) of the absurd y.arns that, got .about during' the raging of | V the gold fever. ' Air,' those were str.aiige days, when men would undergo anyiam'ouht of' priv.ation for a few ounces | ) of goldnfl-Ipwclilt'ercntit is now; for. should a man be ; J pushel for a large or small amount .all that he has to do ; is to have .an in'tcrviewnvith ' ' ' ' ' i > DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins .street east, i . Who has from ;fc5 to. BlOjOOO to lend on notes of hand, bills j of s.ale (with or witliout security), salary orders, life | ) policies, qertlficates, deeds, bill of hading, leg.acies, goods, j V merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- ; ' sons m.ay be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., j ) repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. . Bills di.seoimted d.aily at the lowest rate of interest, and ! ' mortgages from C per eeiit. 