A JAPANLESE GHIOST' STORY. In Japan, as in all other countries, imagination claims to have its wants supplied by the wonderful and incom prehensible, and, therefore; in the face of such need, wonders will never cease out of world. The student of nature's mysteries, and the village gossip who tells of ghosts, and' doubles and wraiths, are both In their different waysl satisfying their craving for the wonderful. Even the wildest tales have a certain value, for scattered as they are through every land, they often serve to perpetuate the record of old customs and to mark the steps of social history. Ghost stories then the Japanese have as blood-curdling, hair erecting, flesh-creeping,, as the most ardent lover of the marvellous could desire, and at this holiday season, when the pitiless ruin and sleet keep the merry-makers in doors and the shut ters are closed in, and the sake cup goes round moerrily front hand to hand, is the time to tell them to an audience certain to appreciate them. How im pressively the Iarrator half tells, half acts the thrilling tale, wlhile the girls clasp and hide behind each othelr in an ecstasy of terrified enjoymentl 'One of the most original of .these tales the writer of this paragraph recently heard and tis itldiffers from the common run of ghost stories it is here given, though ;we wish 'we could convey an idea of the art with which llit was told. :In former times - indeed,, some Japanese" say that .it is not very long since that the dreadful practice was abandoned-it was the custom, when any new palace, 'castle, or fort was in course of.erection, to bury one or more living men beneath the foundation, generally at the foot of the principal supporting pillars.. .Those who were committed to this frightful grave were called blto.basllira, or human pillars, and their 'immoltion was supposed to conduce to the strength and solidity of the building. The sacrifice was some. times madeo 'voluntarily, the victim being induced to give his consent by the promise of deification, his spirit being afterwards worshlipped under the name of Inarlsama, or some other deity. Idoro frequently, however, the premature burial was a forcible one. For lnstancde if no' voluntary victim was forthcoming, advantage was taken of any such accident as one of the workmen. falling into the. excavation of the foundations when instead of'any helping hand , being.extendedito him, he was ruthlessly buried by his fellow. worknin, or crushed' beneAlth one of the mighty supports. At other times, the victim was built up' lu'themassive walls, either as a hlito- bnashiro, or as a punishment fior somo offence.' That legends: of .spirits haunting ,scence where the cruel murders of their bodies had beei& perpetrated should be numerous Is natural; and the following incident' wsin told as'having oehurred at the residence of: one of the princes of Kagan. There, it appeared, that some poor wtetch lhad been immured at the building'of the palace, a fact of which the inmates of one of the rooms were sddenly made award by a1 human leg protruding from the wall, and moving about in a most uncomfortably lifelike manner.: Thoconsternation which hil ghostly leg caused throughout the castle can be Imagined. Some of, the retainers, more during than the rest, had the courage to attem'pt to clasp It, but Its power was so great and the kicks ' it administered were so tremendous, that no one had the temerity to repeat his efforts. At last, one' of those present struck probably by the unwashed appearance of the leg, suggested that 'it might be soothed by the administering of a bath. Tile hint was acted on, and the leg with a ensatisfied''finlrsh" put'iti"' footin the thie cold water, only, however, quickly to withdraw It and kick over thi tub. The same Ingenious retainer iwho had suggesated.the bath proposed that warm water sh'ould be substituted, And this proved to be sot grateful' o ' the tireless limb that it allowed Its foot to remain quietly therein. On one of the male retainers, however, endeavoring to wash the leg, it administered to him so sound a kick that he was very fain to desist from any further attempt at conciliation. At last a buxom-maid servanit, suddenly structt with the truly feminine ide, that while it rebelled against being atteoded to by a male hand, it might become more gentle under a woman's gentle touch, volunteered to attend to his ablutione, aud cure enough the leg, aith evident gratitude, accepted the welcome ministration ; and after having been gently washed and carefullyidried, it waved a graceful farewell to the assem bled company, and retired for the night. But this was not the last of it. Every evening thereafter at the sunie time the unwelcome visitor-came for its bath, which was carefully prepared for' it. But it is a singular fact that it could never be got to overcome its dislike for cold water, and that it showed its affec tion for - the good.natured mid-servant, who was told off specially as its atten datit, by kicking over most unmercifully any ene else who attempted to touch it. -Japcn Moail. 