THE RED INN. Towinas the close of a cold, bleak day in the early winter of 1873, I found myself waiting anxioneusly and impatiently in a lonely and picturesque spot on the banks of the Ottawa river, about twelve miles from the little town of St. Eastache, whence I had ridden that afternoon, and thirty or more from Iontreal. I belonged to a private-deteotive agency, and was here in this lonely plaoe by appoint ment, with six thousand dollars upon my person, in exchange for which it had been agreed-by what secret and complioated ne gotiations it is hardly necessary to acquaint the reader with-to restore to me certain stolen property in the shape of bonds, cer tifictes, and bills of exchange to a great amount. The place, as I have said, was wild and romantio, with a ruined sawmill at the river's edge, just below the steep and rocky bluffi, as the only vestige of artificiality in view. The sky was overcast, and the wind moaning dismally through the overhanging fire and hemlookse; the broad, partly frozen river, with the rugmged mountains looming forbiddingly on the further bank, and a few seagulls scareaming and swooping weirdly in the gusts between the low alouda and the running foam, looked inexpressibly mourn ifl and desolate, and the appointed hour had long sinoce passed me by without affording the faintest indication that the rendeovons was to be kept. rean ok experienoe in my peculiar vocation with criminals and desperate clauea had inured me to dilsppointment and fortuity; but I must acknowledge that upon this occasion I felt my patience sorely tried. I had every reason to believe that the eompromile had been effected in good faith (notwithbatanding the wily and unenviable reputation of the go-between, who had arranged for my mReting with "Crank Dudley," the head thief concerned in the robbery, at this particular hour and place), and my ride thither from St. Eustache had been slowly and wearily pursued over an unfrequented and most villainous trail, which it would be an abuse of language to denomioate a road, and over which I nticipated conaiderable difficulty in re tracing my steps should I chance to be elated. At length, however, I concluded that Crank had either met with some delaying coident or deemed it unsafe to keep hi appointment-he was an old and shrewd tofender, whom any detective would have heertully lost a finger to capture-and, rmounting my horse, spurred up the bank to regain the road. I had hardly done so before an indistinct but unmistakable warn ng prompted me to unwonted haste. It was the touch of aanowrflak melting upon my cheek. Full alive to the terrors of the first great onowfll of a Canadian winter, I pushed apidly forward in the hope of reaching St. uestache before the ground should be eovered. But I had not proceeded a mile .efore the track was hopelessly obliterated, ad the air so thiek with the silent siftinge of the anow, ,which came down almost as ine as meal, as to render the landecape invisble, save for a few yards around; added to which the temperatuse was rapidly fall og. and the wind rising in a manner lug gestive of breast.deep drifut and dangeroua itfal,. There wan no plane to turn norM to, floe to push forward involved a certainty of being both benighted and loat in the woods. In this predicament, I recalled a hal? ruinous, little red-wanbed hostelry, rejoicing in the name of the Red Ion, which I had noticed at some distance from the roadside shortly before reaching the river, and which had afforded so little sigua of life as I rode by it as to give me the impresaion that it had long since been abandoned. But " any port in a storm" was now my motto, and, swerving a little to the left of the track, or what had been the track, I spurred forward in a direction that I thought would lead to its vicinity. I was not only soon apprised of my proximity to it by the bark of a dog, but, upon catching sight of the house itself-a rambling, two.story, frame affair, whose sldes Lad long before lost most of the dull, red colour that gave it a name as a publio-house -I was overjoyed to see the lower windows gli wing with firelight. To obtain admitiance, give my horse in charge of the proprietor, who seemed to be the only man about the place, and secure a capital thawing-spot before the great fire. place in the common room within, at which the oosewsife was alEO busying hbrself with some cooking, was the work of but a few moments. She was a tall, bony, musenlar woman, in middle life, with a restless, sullen expression of the eye that augored badly of her husbnnd's peace of mind, and a general gloom end taciturnity of bearing. But I hbve a way of speedily making myself at ease with flks of various borts, and drew from her in a few minute' that she was Scotch and her hnusband a French Canadian ; that they lived there all alone since the building of the nearest railway had alto gether distracted travol from what had once been the decent highway near at hand; and that they were so poor as to be eager to sell outat the first opportunity, though still able to accommodate any unfastidionue guest who might chance along, as I had done. The landlord's name was Burchois, and he presently came baok to the house, announeo ing that my 'horse bad been comfortably housed and fed, and venturing to predict that, of course, I would remain overnight. "I could return to St. Euetaohe in a coople of hours, if I only had a guide," said I, looking anxiously out at the gathering twilight, through which the snowstorm was still whirling its aifted burthen with fiere: persistency. "Besides, I fear that I have barely enough money with me to meet even my expenses atyour inn. A. I threw out this false scent as to my circumetances, I noticed the man and woman exchbuge a swift glance of mingled cunning and incredulity, and the man also spoke a few words in French. which I pretended to overhear in a puzzled wray, as though I did not nderstend. "It isn t likely you'll find anyone to guide you through such a telpeat, even the half br-edo having deserted this miserable wilderness, with tihe building of that cursed iron road that has impoverished us oll." said the landlord of the Rod Ino in a gruff voices; "end a dollar will pay for monsieur's acconmodations overnight. Supper will be veady presently." I then concluded to remain, and began to rid myself of my overphoes and other nuperfluous eoverioslne, while taking in every thing about me with a swiftness and astute ners of vision that long habit had almost converted into second nature. It wasnsevident that my entertainaerswere miserably poor. The large room in which we then were was probably the only one in nuse on the lower story, and it seemed to answer all purposee of reception, cookingo. dining, end lounging combined.* The furniture had seen better days, but was now so broken, battered and infrm as to be scarcely fit for use, while a long rifle sus pended, with hunting accoutrements, over the chimney-piece, and a pair of snowshoes lesningol in one corner of the room were evidenaee that the nnproitablenmeu of inon kseping wa eked out by tbe tol~ne of the ehe in tso wilfonrnet mouod hounk. Mlne hobt bimself ld san even leos attan tlremppneanneetbhan bln idje Hewn macn older than she, short and tbis.l-set, and witl some sort of defect in his left leg that caused him to limp a little in walking; bolt he had an immense depth of chest and dispropor. tionately long, ainewy arms which aunured the possession of vast muscular capacity; while his movements, in spiteof his laenesas were sinagularly alert and active for one of his age. Indeed, this swiftaness and celerity of movement was also a characteristic of the woman, though, with her longer and more youthfel frame, she contrasted him in this respect much as the stealthy, undolating movement of a panther would set off the spry, lturdy activity of a terrier-dog. The man's long, hatchet-face was nearly covered with grizzely beard of straggling growth, and from underneath his bushy eyeorows, which were nearly as heavy as his moustache, his steel gray eyes glinted with a dull, discon tented glow that might have proceeded from broodieg misery or vicious instinct, it was hard to tell which. Iwas also not long in discovering-from the frequent little acoldings that were inter changed, though always in the Canadian pteois, which I persinted in appearing ignorant of-that the pair were far from living happily together, and came to the conclusion that theirs was certainly not an example, so lauded by poets, of the marriage-tie being only the closer and more lovingly renewed by adversity and distress. I made these mentael notes in far less time than it has taken 'ne to express them here; and when I resumed my seat by the fire with an air of all the carelessness and trustfulness that I could aesume, Bourehois placed some glasses and a bottle of brandy upon the table, and grufly invited me to join him in un patti verre. But I made a point of never drinking out of strange bottles under suspicious ciroumstances, and, excusing myself on the plea of being under medical treatment for a painful complaint. I produced my own brandy flask, which I pretended to have been especially prepared for me by my physician, and, pouring out a small quantity,touched his glass merrily, at the same time wishing him and his consort better luck in the future. He seemeda little taken aback by this manmuvre, and only replied to my well wishes by first a grunt, and then a short bitter laugh, as in derision at the psepos terousness of their purport; after which he arose, and, opening the door- through which a column of snow came suddenly bustling like an angry ghost- whistled in the dog-a rough, savage-looking brute, of the stunted Newfoundland stock, which, after snufling of my legs suspiciously, shook the snow from his shaggy coat, and stowed himself away in a corner. The supper, which was soon sftersards served us by the woman, made upin quantify what it lacked in quality-consisting of bascu and wenison, with hot griddle?kes and excellent coffee; and as I was both hungry and tired I enjoyed it very much. There was nothing to read when it was over, and, as neither my host nor hostess appeared to desire sociability in the way of conversattoo, I was soon dosing comfortably in my chair, though after an old habit of mine which enables me to enjoy the recuper ation of semi-slumber without altogether shutting out a conaciounesa of what is going on in the waking world around me. However, as I heard them speaking together in low voices, and in French, I paid little attention to what they were aepsyig until a reference on the part of the man to " Mlonsieur La (rank" at once aroused me to liveller attentions, and to a recollection of my recreant rendevoun-maker of the river-banlk at the same time; but thewoman only mid in response: "Yesa, this is unmis takably the man," and then their eonversa tion drifted upon topisa of a personal oature, which soon developed into a conj ugal wrangle, and might have proceeded to blows had I unot just then stretahed myself with a yawn, and expressed a desire to be shown to my room. Before obeying me, the landlord again opened the door, and kicked the dog out into the etorm, after which he lighted a candle, and led the way up a narrow, rickety stair. caos that aucended from a little corridor just off the side of the room occupied by the fire place, and, proceediug along a hallway to what must have been the remotest extremity of thie lonely housoe, ushered me into a large, bare-walled chamber, devoid of furniture except a bedotead, a small table, and athree legged stool, but somewhat redeemed from absolute cheerlessaneses by a bright woodfire that had been built upon the hearthr, and whose leaping flame-tongues went rp the cbhiner with a roar as the fierce storm shook the one window as if with a giant's grasp. Altogether, the accommodation was better than I had anticipated, and, after assuring myself that the door was provided with both lock and bolt of substantial quality, I bade my host good-night, locked myself in, and prepared to make myself comfortable for the night. After a brief examination of the walls, to make sure there was no other entrance, I took off everythine but my undergarments, heaped the fire with all the spare wood that had been provided, blew out the candle, and, leaping into the luxurious undulations of an old-fashioned feather-bed-after putting my revolver under my pillow-was aoon sound asleep. I was suaddenly awakened from profound, dreamlesa slumber by I don't know what; not by any noise, or vibration, or stealthy movement, hut by a certain indefinable con sciousness that someone else was in the room; and at once sat bolt upright in bed, with my hand upon the weapon beneath the pillow. .The storm had subsided, aod everything was as still as the tomb; and, the fire having sunken away to scarcely perceptible embers, the room was almost pitch.dark; but none the less was Iinstin? ively certain that a stealthy intruder was in there, and that a terrible danger was impending over me. I have the vision of a cat in an emergency, and in a moment, as my eyes grow acone tomedtothedarkness, I perceived what I knew to be the short, thick-aet form of Bourcahois, crouched upon his hands and knees, and creeping noiselessly toward the conch from the opposite side of the room, with a knife between his teeth, though, not being so shacrp-sighted as I be was not aware of my being awake and on my guard. A yawning tr.pdoor in the floor closed beside him, and almost directly under the window, betrayed the manner of his having effected an entrance. The truth fashed across me in an instant. Crank Dudley had not intended to meet me at the rendezvoue, but it was probably decided that I abshould be belated and atop at this very place-this remote and obscure hostelry, to be murdered by his accomplices, the landlord and hie wife, for the sake of the booty known to be upon my person, without a return of the equivalent agreed upon. I had never been in such a desperate position before, but had often imagined to myself what I would do under similar circumstances-as I yuppoae we all of us do at times-and now did not feel any diminu tion of my usual nerve and presencae of mind. Without a moment's hesitation. I cooked my revolver under the pillowa, in order to deaden the slight elioking asond of the lonk, and then, levelleg It silently.at the bushy head of the adncrdhg abean ap the k vlth noieabiplja h~W kus he i liailu had doubilesa 'bs ~ p.red with during my siesta Jselow.,4e. - bad been in my overcoat poeket, on utlias c?bair-and the hnammer fell harmlesssj?,pm the nipple, But the noise of the'?ata"pt· aroused the intruder to the faEt of myhen awake and alert, and, with s single bouna oo was npon his feet, and at my side with up lifted toeife, I now purnued another plan, whelohI'h? of en thought I would do under like wd. I caught.up a pillow with my leltf*.ai end let the deecendieg blade buy ItMl n'IC its plianPt depths ; at the same timelolblbl, the revolver, ad, leaping to my feet enqAe top of the bed, I dealt my aseelant .s mendons blow in the ftae. He amgg?.i little to oue side, and then, with a mutleedi oath, he struck oat again so qutekly wibhia; murderous weapon that it would hae all over with me if the point. had no tal time eome in contaot with my boelkok monuey.belt, which was lined with boeoa piceso, as well as bank-notes. A .Btk, the ahook nearly knooked theUbrealo . my body, and he groped rsavagly.bv bed after me. But, besides having th vantage of him in seeing ? ?ar tt. darkoess than be, I knew thatI I done for, etrong as I' weea, ft . one~ the clutolh of those long, maaaied like arms of his; so I vaulted lihtly the foot of the coanoh, and, reahing to the side, strenk him again wIh b~ pietol-butt on the knee of his lam?le.: Ho gave a howl of anguish, slon.ha· upon one aide, and almoe lost lo his lhali Before he could thoroughly recover him again, this time upon his rightl. and the knife went fying out of hIi striking me broadside in the bruta caught it by the haft, and, spring beh.Bi' him, plunged it again and again S 4tini side, until he sack with a hollow goanl~ i the floor, and all was still. ,: 'i Though unwounded, I was sweat and quivering like a leaf as I l 9s the oandleetiek and etruok a light wihtilah of the matches that lay beside it, and held it over my head to survey the. with a thrill of horror that ha&i4; possessed me while the tragedy .jltil enacting. .. Bourohole lay quite dead min pooel6 life-biood that was slowly making Its aoross the uneven floor in lines and At the foot of the rough steps .thatlea from the open trap-door I could lhet pressed breathing, and Imew that the was there waiting and listening. ' - "Eat i nacoomplit" she presently; up in a hoarse whisper. "Yev," I seplied in French, and ibe guttural with which the deadsiu.m been wont to speak to the .beet abiihty. "Bemain where youpire I yon So oome np." _ . . Then with a nervous rapidity :i havebever since been ableto 5pprOilt entirely dressed myself, even to theiu on of my for cap, overooat and oe ..hih I had not neglected toaseaiil.?l me upon retiring. I was poess ' wild, mad desire to get out o! "hat ht: us horror, and plane miles between it "ad even if I lost myself in the snowy w lut I even wenttothe tounble oftzl 5 my revolver with fresh cartridges. l with the cooked pistol in my haid, an pitching my voice in imitation of t?' an's, I badse the woman come up. : *, With a long gleaming knife in her hieid9 with which she had doubtless eBtoodWpe o assist in the contemplated muu ,e-f aliled upon-she bounded up the ladder, eyes glowing, and her whole frmac.anZ? demeanour expressive of a triumphht' erooity that, thank Heaven I I had ?fuiets before and asve never since wilnesseaid in mn vorman. -dt, as sooD as she saw ho omfleij,:. the tables had been tuned, a striking chaiga came over her. She recoiled into a eomns, and seemed to contrast within herself, niphnl after the manner of a eat that is brought o' bay by an onexpeoted enounter. BDutth'ei was no pity or eompanotlon with whiSt'hih surveyed the bleeding remains of i~a'edo-'-i sort in wiokedness, after the firelt s'hook. astonishment had passeed, and I Wtai'-"tq preesibly horrified to remark that she "bis gradaally regarding me with a sort' t fouciented admiratlon. Presently she slipped out ot her ketsist with a soft feline movement, and, ertesid;I her hands towards me rwith a paBslontstl appealing gestare, she exrlaimed in"'th i broad dialeat of her native SBotland:' .'* b',"Ah, hbt you're a bonny an' a s 'l - laddie, an' it's a weel that the anid men Lai fonn' his richteons doom at last. Hew'?r nroo' griff and garly. Staywi'me, an't r-, my gond moo, dearie; there be mueko?le' money hidden in the hoosaa; we gang te??lba to a far countree." ''" Overoome with horror and loathing, Iforr got my prudence so far as to elip my pistol in my pocket, and wave her off. I hBd no sooner done so than the savage, furious fit rnturned to her, and, with a.: liarns cry likr, that of a wild beast, ?hie Irseped towards me, knife in hand. I was somewhat taken by enrprise, aitS,;: h.a her strength equalled her saility,.t .dt w'ould probably have gone hard with inea.sas itjwas, I evaded her attaek with the titmoit di'fieully, and finally disposed of 'her by: knocking her senseless with my fiat-.e-' only time I ever struck a woman in my life-- ' and, under the cironmstanoes, I think the reader will grant that it ase exiesable. Then, without staying another moment-- ' possessed by simply a wild, haunting desire. to get away, to leave that seoursed tavern fir bAbind-I threw up the window and leap ' out into the darkneese. The height irom the ground was treater than I antioipated, but, as I fell into a soft snowdrift, Iesiaped injory. The dog same howling around the., side of the honeeas I sorambled up onto the drift, bat a ianky shot from my revolver quieted him, and, as I made my way to the' stable, I saw the eastern sky brightening. with the coming of a new dawn with a feel-. ing of thsnkfolneBs that I had never known before. I was 0oon in te saddle. less snow bad. ellen than had been threatened, and, t:.rst ng to the instinct of my horse infindingthe: road, I resached St. Eustache in time for hreakfast. My story was soon the talk of he town. Beveral brother-deteotivee lhanced to be onhaod, upon other buenhes, and, with them and several others, I set o-t *t once to return to the inn, and effeot the eapture of its wicked mistress, it possible. We found it burned to the ground t A eunbeqaeni eearch of the ruins reveale he bones of Boarehoie, but there were no other remains ever found, and what becamm if hise guilty partner in life and erime i·s mystery that never has been eleared up. Crank Dndley bad been deterred tfro keeping his appointment by an arrest in Jontreal upon an old charge, and always stoutly maintained his utter ignorsnese o the Bed Inn and its inmates; with hew noeh veraeity I have been unable to deter mine. But I am happy to esy that a fort nate after-oirenmstanes enabled us to re sover our' stolen property, without comr promise or any expendltare whatever. asno that I came in for the lion's share of the reward. The proprietor turned away in a dsai manner, and in his xoealive bewildersemta. handed dorwn a glt-edged sop hbearing thk Iesairip$,oe, "To na ebltd." 'The a^fl 