SIR GEOllGU BO WEN. Definite intelligence ban at last boon received that His Excellency Sir George Bowen, tho lireBont Governor of Victoria, is to no removed from tho colony witmn tuo noxt throe inontbB, and that for some time to come 1)6 will bo allowod to. exercise hi 8 peculiar administrative abilities at tho island of Mauritius. Sir Georgo has won aremarkablo and unenviable notoriety in Victoria since tbo acces sion of tlio Borry Government to office, and it is to bo hopod that tho knowledgo of bis poculiaritioB in tho way of impartiality bus not gono beforo him to his now rcsidenco. In tbo annals of Constitutional Govern ment, similar conduct on tbo part of llor Majosty's roprosontutivo us that exhibited by Sir Goorgo Bowen during tho conflict botweon tbo two Houses of tbo Victcriun Legislature lias novor boon uxporioncod. From tlio bogin- ning I10 showed a strong leaning to tbo Ministerial views, nnd to tbo end bis notions wero rather tboso of a partisan tlmu those of 11 roprosontu tivo of royalty. Evon in bis do- spatclios to England, tho samo vein of partisanship porvndod liis transmitted ideas, and, whon these despatches were submitted to the inspection of colonial rondors, tho gross unfairness and ono-sided version of eauh was mado apparent, Tlio supprcssio veri overy wboro prevailed when gravo con tingencies wero involved, and tbo sugyeslio falsi has boon commented upon by all of tlio leading journals of tbo colony. Like tbo pompous old Johnson, " ho," metaphorically, "took good euro tbo Whig dogs novor bad tho best of it," when bo bad tlio re porting of tbo matter, and as bo, as tbo representative of llor Majesty in tlio-eolony of Victoria, bad all to do with tbo reporting of current political ovents to the Secretary of Stato for tho Colonies, I10 look good enro that tlio sido to which bo was opposed novor bad tbo ghost of a show. Tho termination of tbo deadlock relieved tbo Secretary of Statefor tbo Colonies of tbo necessity of expressing an opinion upon tbo revolutionary acts committed by tlio Berry Govornmont in January last and sanctioned by Sir Goorgo Bowon, but when tbo Secre tary of Stato replied, in answer to a despatch, that " as tho deadlock bad " terminated, thoro was no expression "of opinion required," tho ominous silonco regarding tlio outragos com- mittod was sufficient in itsolf to show, not; only thoBo who woro guilty of originating tbom, but to Sir Georgo Bowon, who sanctioned thorn, that they wore not approvod of by tbo llomo Department, nnd that it was much hotter to snub tbo Govornor by refusing nn opinion upon tbo matter than to provoko opon tumult by pub licly condemning tho actions of tbo party in powor. Thoro is plonty of ovidoneo that all tboso implicated in bill) mHUUUIj UUirUUH lUlt IIIU niillUj and now that Sir Goorgo Bowon has rccoivcd marching orders for othor Holds, if is tbo more apparent llmt tbo Secretary oE Sinto thinks it much better that tbo colouy should ho quit of a man who, ill Iuh representative nclions, sails so close to the role of a partisan. Thoro are fow outsido tbo political intriguers now in powor who will inisshim, but there are many who will speed the parting guest and wish him reformation in bis new scene of labor. Hail bis flrmnoss been equal to bis porsonal leanings there would bo no causo to complain, but whon ho allowod his privnto views to supcrsedo bis public duties, nnaruhy rcsultoil. Tho wily sot of political advonturcrs now in offico did not care sixpence for tbo Govornor, cxcopt that bo fur thered thoir interests, nnd, whilo ho did that, bo wns unoxccptionably com- mondnblo. Had ho onco thwarted their views and fallen into Constitu tional courses, bo would liavo for feited their ostccm, but, that would bavo been hotter for himself, for bo would bavo saved many complications and won tho cstoem of tbo intolligont and thinking portion of tho population. It is a consumma- tion dovoutly to Do wished that no will acquire knowledgo from his Vic torian oxporionco, and when noxt tho snmo difficulties are encountered ho will not as Hor Majesty's representa tive and notas Sir George Bowon, the rabid partisan of a Government whose revolutionary acts liavo branded thorn as dangerous nnarchisls for all time. 