SANDHURST. {From, our own Correspondent.) the schools re-opened after the Easter holidays on Monday, and thft attendances during the week have been large and satisfactory in every reBpect. GI. KILIAN'S PBESBYTEEY AET-UNION. The drawing has been delayed on account of the difficulty experienced in getting the returns and blocks sent in. The winning numbers will, however, positively be published in the Advocate on 18 th inst. Mr. David Blair does not seem to like the castigation he received at the handB of your able contributor,*' Peutetre." However, his reply to' 'Peutetre's'' strictures is a most lame and impotent one. Like everything else written by this impartial critic, his letter is full of the most transparent untruths and misleading statements, and no doubt he will receive a well- merited exposure of his quibbles from " Peutetre." In a recent number of the Dublin Freeman's Journal there is a report of the speech made by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, at a banquet in the Mansion House. " The prosperity of Ireland" was his text, and his speech bristled with statistics. In the course of it he referred to the remarkable results of the National system, as evidenced in the Civil Service . examinations. " Ireland," he said, " had 17 per cent, of the entire population of the United Kingdom, and in the seven years that had elapsed (from 1871) when these examinations were instituted) there had been 11,371 candidates for 1918 places. Scotland, which had 10| P er cent, of the population, sent 11 per cent, of the 11,371 candidates. They gained 6 per cent, of the places, and there were 9 places for every 100 candidates. England, with 72£ per cent, of the population, sent in 46 per cent, .of the 11,371 candidates, and they gained 38 places, (per cent, of the places?), and there were 14 places for every 100 candidates. Ireland, with 17 per cent, of the population) sent 43 per cent, of the 11,371 candidates; they gained 56 percent, of the places. (Applause.) There were 22 places for every 100 candidates. These were facts which spokt for themselves." So here is another proof that Irishmen are more than able to hold their own in any competition with Scotchmen or Englishmen, whether it be intellectual, moral, or physical. And speaking of Irish talent and ability reminds me that here in Sandhurst on last Wednesday and Friday sights, when a number of our local amateurs played " Hamlet" in the Princess* Theatre, another striking instance of Irish and Irish-Australian talent was given. Messrs. Daly, Dillon, Macoboy, By field, Coburn, and Mi«s O'Sullivan were Irish by birth or descent, and sustained leading characters in the tragedy. On Wednesday night, when the first performance was given, the theatre was crowded in every part except the gallery. In the dress-circle and stalls there was not standing room. All the leading citizens were' present to witness a performance in which so many of their sons, brothers, friends, and boon companions were to enact parts. Mr. W. A. Daly came before the curtain and delivered the following prologue, which was enthusiastically cheered during its delivery and at the close. As will be seen, the composition is of undoubted excellence as a literary effort, and from this good beginning the most favourable angaries were drawn :— As prologue to our play, I orave to- night Your heart's indulgence, ia yoar head's despite; No finished aotors grace lh' experienced stage, Yet all ab their very best engage; Let sympathy uphold her magic glaBB And all our failings shall unnoticed pass;. Trembling,' we merit onr judges in our friends; But" Charity" with selfish fear contends. If not our efforts, theti our noble oause Must win approval, andmost gain applause) And you look all so kind, we well may boast The greatest critics still can pardon most 1 In charity's sweet name we plaice appeal, . Snowing our audience fired with equal zeal; One motive brings ns here, one common end— ••.", To aid the belplesB, and the poor befriend I Ahl when I gaze around this crowded hall, Ana view the sea of life from wall to wall; TUB glorious temple, filled with young and old, ••'.'! - • • •• " " Blazing with light most beauteous to behold, ! A-wnnk.of other sorties; not fair, away, - Where de&th; afad iaieknan hoW> their tsruel mj| - .-.v.- • - • • :' Where youth is withered, and old age outworn, And " all the ills that flesh is heir to" borne. Twin palaces for poverty and pain, The noblest cause for Sandhurst feeling vain. Here, all is bright with beauty, youth and wealth, All glow with gladsome gaiety and health ; Here comfort smiles, here ease and sweet content, Reward with happy age a youth well spent. Here ardent hearts with hopes are beating, high, And love shines out from many a laughing eye; Bat now to other scenes a moment turn; See youthful eyes with deadlier glances burn ; See fever's frenzied brow and parched tongue, And hear the "groans from mortal anguish wrung I See yellow sickness seize its helpless prey. And strength and beaaty yield to qnick decay; See on the bed of suffering speechless laid The widowed mother or the orphan'd maid I The stricken farmer, or the miner bold, Who finds his death in seeking for your gold. For these we plead—for these we make essay To representgreat Shakspeare's master play— Shakspeare, whose tuneful mase our cause affords The sweetest numbers in the fittest words, " The quality of mercy is not strained." Then let your favours on the poor be rained 1 And you who with life's goods are doubly blessed Relieve the needy—comfort the distressed. May He wbo gave you riches, give the heart To consecrate the whole, by giving part. Mr. W. 3. Dillon acted Hamlet in such an exceedingly able, easy, intelligent, and appreciative manner as to surprise everybody. There was but one opinion expressed of his delineation, and that was, that it waB one of uncommon excellence. Mr. F. Macoboy was no less successful in Claudius, the King of Denmark, and as he is fortunately the possessor of a powerful, cultivated voice, and a tall, commanding, kingly presence, he had an advantage over Mr. Dillon, whose voice and appearance scarcely realise the generally received ideal of Hamlet. Mr. J. Jeremy, aB Horatio, impressed everyone favourably. Miss O'Sullivan's Ophelia was an unqualified success, and although I have witnessed Hamlet several times, I am quite certain I never saw this part better played. Mr. Coburn played the Ghost admirably; and Mr Tone, as the First Gravedigger, won rounds of applause. He exoelled all expectation, and some were found to Bay that his was the greatest success of the night. Polonias (Mr. C&r;«s); Marcellus (Mr. Hemming); Laertes (Mr. H. Jackson, jun.); Rosencranz (Mr By field), and Guilderstein (Mr. Wilson), were all carefully played and intelligently represented without a hitch or any assistance from the prompter. Indeed, the whole play went off exceedingly well; every player was not only letter perfect in his part, but seemed to have devoted a very great amount of attention to details, and to those traits and peculiarities by which Shakspeare intended to ponrtray a distinct individuality in each. Before the play many feared for the dramatic success of the pieoe, and, therefore, the delight and surprise on seeing how it succeeded was so much the greater. As far as the financial results are concerned, they are equally satisfactory, and about £80 or £90 will be handed over to the Easter Fair Committee as the net proceeds. The Easter Fair was fully as successful as was anticipated, more so, indeed, than could have been expected considering the dullness of Sandhurst. The Fair was opened with great eclat by his Excellency the Governor, Sir G. F. Bowen ; and the committee worked hard and with success to please everybody. 