BRITISHI AN)D FOR!EIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. Tin; aiiittl ateetotog of the Gjiihoubur au1iliary of tile ohbe er;;iety ta\c hel ii thle hell of tion ncheltntico' insititite oil '1'iieetey etentling. 'iih lPresident. hr. Bevies Ill'., reu piedlileo cl1r aln on tie fIltitflrt wetr the B Jt. ''. Evans1, iteitiletiat fito th ptdit neesoiloty; the ]isliol topo Itlaitlialn, thle VerellOi tle AreltihaoirOi tir tdieoittlll the ]11ev. Ctown Seares, ito. "W. dey, liar. WV. Clarke, tad Mh?csrc. (~lelditilth (seeret?rn,'), Celdwveli, Ltinelli onllyt Th,'Ve itlietidtere tit;Il?nllu l. VThe tiro.s.editiga were opened hy oliugiuag a hyuuoo, Sit'. I~tiyn re? iresidintg a lthe tharmoninjiti the tier. Canon SoerCt tihtri read lionm h i all ahm ;ad the leo. VW..Moo lytfered iiii prayer.. Tlue hon. icerelvt u'y of thle a uxil'ary, Mr. Gohldsntih, ohltmi rend the rerpet no lohlows :- i.tlo; AnoLIat o:rlr itno r ttIIto lt:iorro tAUOloolaIA or oriut: ]IIIITh:c I all mANS l "OtlH ll Illoir I~dc HOCIET\'~,oil !877 ?'lli r?coloto tIlwoltrk of thbl ano iot t of Ooflhllo ail n'iee iitllibloi ,Ioiyotni, nneio iotttioe o iltito foll Tol thather i0 001y blrtl c000 n for ratlood to, Oilreo ooour of oll iedl oitei al l'otlctunor ilo Oieo iticOllIot of oaI".o3l hih ollfttowedl roery oiferx illt trnoato e lOind th Iltoo tntlloo 00i1 ptliotooon of thin toailcuy lt l ito ouettrtooenl tonpltnonof e f. n. \nio?. Dorullt Iorvlll)lc .Vra1?1ytlrC Celll lll[*01illo thn pnillto rclto~i illa to tlit Ino l trrgllyni nonnir Itvder r ton ntoollorhlh-to oetpeiiiltoatrtiipontoonoo ifi ttna·rll toitnle~ioano, l u ettiittinioi nfl tI .Livtnileeo ofl 081, oltot Ivtn ilooli?ln to fir o nlutol In YnonOnun, O Yonhsg,Y Qtneoaov, 'eart Igo, nirt IioolliwotnI. altof tboo pla?nso aieloIoot ottlltoi oole to aty toantofot ftioo bonn notabltottoi nadot an ni.lieteet etI if ? kofficertsnd wctlunll'tVO I,.'l nIt{SlCe, Iur ultol ut ,fl ii ?' Ilhlos: anld nellLtjieR eTilollnrllu e |o lnlllc or T ti t is .l: thien ofrottotolt rlonl lll j lanet lo etf lithe . tll l'. t oetyt lonotlototltnonttteoonllllttoto gIotavton. o Tntllto Ifeittillf feloti moo lart olloro l0000, glon Iwrestl- euI. 1000O Ifrui to lbiollelolonolo let lon mltl itoyou.woha tn tehopollitInllit toio otlry lot ho till attlo ono of 0 ll' fair work to ,to thlooftautlos of tllt onoollloopI rtlOrlollott 0 0001 tntortittt wltork ftli lOl lofatolbioftttg Oft,. o al ootfoetith fot Ott lblliri nso ciletyd len.t citte hIdof Thou~, hl Itv le r o t fit all .00oll olooh p I o? oanotlll tldt witth lf ohilony 00of tloootto oo ll lieli 001 ttoood o IertloOsoo onl ato.ftoil boodotofo to Yitnt.R fiopatoil OttonottlIlnooltoooil onooe onotolitot, Otto ft oO.lt W.lElt-1o no tihoneooooonl? t'ul tio lroo oer- etoIlo or, thto W oter J. of; ri'lloolb' otIrt l lOofIoto oillo0 yll f !ill, ioon ooot~obitttton 1100 ootol ottllto~vcl i On 300 ootitot~lta fooao Itlc rolsol nittron to litr Of u "tl iullr- oit p'lbll Uill0[lI ,?11] F 111) free . i,:llrlbl t lie Ishve b?. ie~t rolnlllo to yo Ir onI tho ollrrl nlro ! t t lao tlorl tn tontohlllto i oiofS 11. -oil l n o iotn of ItoIoIll of hhtl., &l; Tltlop fot Ottnoiootea for Itlfool, pa~ on Otiorooo 1(;Fr i. ni.--Fnroll 'flls mr~lllh.d yiir, e31lla ~gittolitive rof lo Son boo notolltrflnoutooto oillf tolll oilery, p 'ito tlltlllltltt toot !)cou. alllyo collect01 h th~e gelarmld.I of TlrJa h ive Pliel ?iuile broollt oto nirloooii fop Otoo fotol ofl Toolgt0 totollo ~Iton too ttolld dtttnmolttto to nottloo ll Inolf tro . gooo to Otto tomo of Ohi Ytoltotnh foit e f rttitioonoatl lo lti onlft w oh oilyt et *oiltr oaotntOlttelol oato ytho t0 gobnbooeofoolworko b.llore IrI tihe too. JR. Pidltoonn ot dopfltloltto iotoi th n notto It 1871, It Qnoi eytouti.-leroothg hfyrt o to ira, thne)tl otootlotilo teI youitondttoo to nbibok lohtittllo? of Otto 1not0 neto- at ttl o olo acO to ftoto lthir tooo tlith ttoio itf Ot ti ioill ibliti t UII oodt"t;o onoto ortltlt n norrtaoonItifco iao OlnpttOillO it tto tIco. V. if. h lWol bo to nitoi l l Ottile Itppo0itlta t ni a ifoptalttot tolooono? otal aelnittotlhlo Itt ipoblito olltnl ilhi to oltobo Ittlltnt nsa tarto*rooonnntsoit. tiL polifrhat, tO'. Dfo tot Ito1., bloat0 ototlnotonk Ohtto l1foortouon of ttlo dfitly, oil thl io ooiltt of ttom oisto tto boon t o bottr poeit Qaoot boyon frontlido feooiont rtblt?toitou wthftopot o t noxul Otto onat to f ±t.ll t lof free eoirlb il llk oalbu to il pilrpllni 1 lt soit the sioi o ?'?0 Otltitttog-A ooeorntieiitnteto wto, tipoitl tottith Otto letdltog tloonto tmlo t totonlr e tro nOtto oablln huottaot r of n tir oftitao ollllrt tt ailolltitoy O ttl l tOtal ptloo. 1hls 1 otito oett!o ate4 lit tit alitioltoitmtoit of a fopiottonu ton onlition tOte to boitltt nail it aontot poito lrtoitilo theo ot a lotfiin ottootltng. tl'Itoiti1)oiitttoio olaotiotoil of tho Iil't. trcholoto cllit t dailfoi bo o 1riln t litoool itt. ciriolttooono enblttolladitoto not eetolt.l tiooo lo font~ ~ucatto~lt o ol)toti] o It oan rooeinloti £lB lo foro oe ltr otflnot to Ott !llootll toityittli t i t I lOl oltnot ofll ioetl t. O 1 s ttootifaoal-- Yoiitooomintteeo boon tot b.oo, atlol on pot Ott orntitrl to Otth |lio tlo ttob toottb Obonoonlo aObo ntoettitoI oflL Olto oolryloti othoo httolt onon of Ott dftrlot to ton in thooting 1878.', fit voolng Otoot to noeto;l~owhlo own 0f00100 yoiotuttioonttioo fooe thtt tllty htoo lotot ifolitO no ll tI1 o lln they OoinIt I ,'toc d ; out illot l tit it y ltt o o ltb clurut l enllo llln lri ll tS llO(tto root illttllO 001 tnt toll oo iltrte. o? oon n.I ooiioa nloolll ol r Ittoo tlaitllt 1itonl boat l toier Thrif bood tho.oebot onobtota of ynou elll iie 's fiittl;bn' fiob the itiotllItltoioo tlof ni.t iltriet noirlilini lltoiti oiiniith ilOotolntoiooto otooo t r.ee to lw.iii )u tt thirtIyr tiriutby tttitio, it ltot ithlulo oli l Otoid Ittei tetipt Iiitotroiti oil eioi ti loirc lect to | i·tict? Id IIJOr J tohfi h e rtytto-lo nrato in ill "th? lilllthllhl. ~ lh4?Io l h ~tt~:? hrle itiolooiiqotitto lt totbcani t tle oiyo a oll toili.ll ic tiioctitl titi ihpenri;Ulaiieit ot tt tluu oir atlhe uip .? hc l?lllkl l lqerttoiooii lon ithoc o(litv to t itfen Oy. 'lh Oiitlliooooaiiaeiiitttti-otiito'ilrl|tht eitubioeielirithtiii aT1ioeilleotoiiithnlttlooll r ts tootlu ?toel ototrioieJtII Ih. ILtLL tetiueoiir Toill o tItio lotte b? ocuItLo t fi l Vet o i i iih im I]llb ih. I1'oT tal llre i ll " atim ave n clal Illc coill . ... Hh( t'l l[ii t ·1 ] rof ihclhev. J ¾Iooo ciii. E lln eolrl tr e po iit. soiieiyi i)e ta'o, torcit. 'tlt% %oiooiitl tene?'I:['t lt'?( tl Ih[ i ll i i tutu tirdialty iWctieiiit tton Icy.. T. C. 0 .1 ?vlo~ vic ]auh?ll o1[linrclle al th eart , au Is Ilad oiuoritii.,miiotti lioioirr'llll l , 1iaoitt rooiqttlooteilotroi oh in?oiiiiin. oh' ei th a t ,ienaq, Inittuth ontO toincl , r,,]ii iiit flily oltoi bi Dtablhi i I1m tlmo earth.. r 1 It thto otosca itre 0 Ot tIetantootr. Scr. Bolts, SIr. (otd utiltutitan read ilto lollowtitg bontaoc-h o- : 11?77111 DO..£ .n TLS llclolel+%lz, 1C1; Ig~dlrquhar ..... 1J p ,Ovt ss aotteoopooataatiotit...... 5at . lolliot I Nect.i........... oa r.hha...oo.a..lon . 105 1 o lo.e. tosil ............ 0 9 6 ,, mn. not.r?......o n) 0 a. ?tto. .a.....10 B i .:Yaoo booaotooinoobirhtataoeclnoa ....... nit a fro on trnibtuttion....... it ..Qooanbyapoabonnn~b frenooatoihbtoltn. 'O. 10 "to......tt 01 oYats bo'itotolt. boae coattrbnflooo . B..... 14n 0oonohboghboho................O. B 0( o 0, naftoflbtbbia...........4 a n . 00. NbeOoboal Sotodfay'nofhoont0 Uoalboooru Iota oaotlotb~tloa ..........1 10 00 . oloattan0 F.Oh .L. IloaaO..........I tO I o - Thoo ....flatlo......... If 0 • t': £ nc' 000i7 C o.'. H L d hLr . 21--f y mly ltt auo s to Syduoy o uxililary. .. '.': 1 18 6 enlnecc c goo ntcitce cd stetlocery ....... 1 57 . , W. I.iley.................. 7 0 ,6 eotc ciceltcelmoemd' ooetcdtlec roomi ............ .... 0 5i n D Dclele acd Grcy, prhtdlng....' 7 7 ? c, ore oiy mlegoemtked otet m e 0 c , ncretay, po tages anlut km 1t on rey .................1 0 i Ti.. . c tn has alfaccltlortloneHttc 1 0 0 ,,d la,,es Tha ............... o10 o I'ite trt e societ y ..nolhrum........ 0 6 0r ht eho oditocasec cc poeo hcoic nt to pay toe balae .........................e o t a ..... d 10 7 i £2220 7 0? iThe COlairniu voide thatti th report ws doulbtless to a vers largo ectent a vatisfletory ooie. HIo cordially ndorsled every cvord in it with refeortce to their deaor frietds the ladies. Their efforts in the CueI se dof thia society oo taill other lt anot effor Ilts were largely depedenlet oin thet hiodness of the ladle ; ;iod lie thooglit it acs balt a 1poor eoolellioocnt to pity the latdies whiteo hot gitei so tillucll linte iutulcl tettition to the t tieie o ax til oiiary thlt they shluulvd ha'e. oso s t:l ou dieieeI to bear the relort o I teir tdoitga real, lie d beI n hei eode':revring dirin g tlhe Iay to i tit olll witie re av: feer tiC wiit of corditl st thllll)thy icnlreatio ller btroou oe ill CIIoilhL weitt their afocilitry oi the )Jriisht aut ]:toreigi Iillev Sicity. t It ole t too, i uhe ois sllre , otillo to the iecotlt ti otholbore not heelvintg iii the ribctl. In tisthos tieo of witt-slreclt itiiuelity, he Io itoglht tlot tolte eollil"CgiettiaiS a Ol vtirehuIIrehIieA ini (ioolhiooo'oo ier'e free freoto ttias erct'r, aIti tlutut lthey retllly did tcit\i, ill tto lille. lIe wiscihedi to ble its eoatsiterote to lit, crulld to tihe srnot oI hlpeth tutu hltey recived ootwtiithsetoodiing tutu lie fell tastoreit there tros iil their eolngregtttions a dleep-seated retverence for and belief ill tile Iiblou ; and he put it lthat they batd so filrm a helief in thie ower of the bible that they wtere colntent to let it do everytlhing, to let it alone to work s it own way. Somie 1)eriml)S woutld consider it lipesumei tuous to :ttlempt to heltp the tible, would sO)ay it iwas so true, so attricti\elC, that unaiided by hluonot effort it would fidl its wcy to every hiome and to evter heart. Ito believed loimoself that it woutld filild it way) to overy heartI; ltilt tlhat it miglht dor sto it must irst be hrought within reacht; and tto fact hlat it would this affect tile heart was the greater r'sOell wtlyt\er ) every OClristiooll tootot tlond swOmttlo shotldt clteavorl to hell to iispireatl it totroetd. 'IThose who woutld not assist ill disseminatitng the bible migot not ititerfr'. with the oltimtte ssuccess of (od ?a \w()ld; hbut eo'ertllClsas they wl)'ere soIOet'lt:ot retarding te >lucdy progress of the work they all had at heart. Whilst they should not etoeristt less (.ontid 'ce nor itek tit disparage tthe power of tht ,iblll', it \as god tI\ieeC to ask all t to try so to dis .'tooittt' it0 '; hi ev erytlhing depended on their tis. hLiok at tile colnulllito iee of thle tiarelt s,,.icty. (1The co:nnitteo bliered ats those .1nOtltgst us tlint:ed; lut lth'y did not rest ill that oliefll They exerted themselt'es as if every'lhing depended ,,n thir otn chiirts. 'they 'night tay svomewalt a? th?e ,.t <atild ,f thol ,rooki "cht tulltl I, COit e aned lllal uy g", lnt te gvi on fIr ever." The evtorts of tilte collllittitt' twere ('ollcentilrat'd for ever oi oI 00 dirintU erki. T'Iir grtI.:t olbject \\.ls to spend as luitcll as tlhe'. c?thit, ali to uiet'd uhd ·l ts I I t t i)'Cellty ceIs si clV '(illtdhl ot[ tit'l irVrud. '1'tle't wecre aEtuate't Ity ti e oll)t untirt'ing Zlel it) sitreilt c'ies shlrevCer tupt'nitig- ,uold ihe fol'nd for t'ict. Er'rry )'eloinge in tie 'ilitetical wIrlh that lproumistoe, iii oelmIttig urea' 'i' t'l iileup 1 titl itoti' 'lt t v titablt for the increitte tseil 1ditrihutin if 1t scriptures. A'll thle cooonittee did not mr,.1l. takl hold of oplot:'tunites tus lh. )lt,I butit hiy oftenl fonnd t]hemnstlve"t 'ii on t t'o.' tit titto. t:or institee iin S,?p.it out , hhy did the Bibi hr oricty take advantage of ath oti lrttiuit' fltr iletrodutcinioug tOtto scniltur's, aut lhag ago the' al attemhtels tt dl s. Sb it t in other touLt lies. EviIn before chid(illulties set'e.truooes'cot it ut'usehten tt'otlud that in ieote way th'ay haul foued thl mflat r. c hutloadubaig etopic, of tile vcriptnreo. It .ltinid fe rcnombicrcd that tIlI Itibl Society w. dlint" wrk whictl in t mttty dit . tiolll- .ti. it h. titd,?o y l mi'tott ?aoitrio. FoIri intsll-c, m 1sion21i, w,0te notl nlowh d it 1hissia. uand tl, Iolill 'c t'e of fit. Piilotetait tiChlth wterel nl permioititd. Ilui th I Ill . Sociltylttdl gotI sIcOL of thou juido if r'iiiies distriItiil itluotitgot the It is iium adLdiu.rs ItdI T'itih lla.;:l llmpr,. Now ll?er they wvret - t iititig uip ito tlh. t- lnphl atlot lprattic of tlte itrenlil -icit. 'T'i y ?lot thrfitnh eiiohlthlit et heilt rt ltL lit rllttrih t[fo'.; itlld ilthl thi '' hi e l Iit r up filir tiheoy flittlih4t thy ll doit. t ii't'i.iltt ; o hut there wais se i-e'ly it ilai i WIh tr,, if ttii ti 'tlrttlh titt ]tt tie tntilo tti of it brhittlh, inlihlt lnot hla fiilite Ialmli the o criitotre.s llltte ltiriv}ly itrituitollltll In il ih lurilthoodl. 'Thtlir .Olnilioy t I frt e rIlo Ilt of £51ll to tleu alllr OiLt oocity tt r' itittiilg £l .tl(t tilt 1 ittrott.lio coui t was scrclly ill c. n eI sisLtlent[ with their r lt s siol tllor tte.lqiirl to [hi widlt ft tuilit over a'lticl thteir optcrtio ns ohtuolitd extotiille, oh ihiln [ike t, got IIitie u tfI t Iltt lrst ioii flor bibilllistlrilttion at lll soamio of thftt wialdom ini imiagineiitottt plarent iociety woas iithbued with. Ie 11 lIouhl like to kl-iv why tte Ililie Societvy w0-iS so ltlulttlar it Eni;htiild tliti whiy with i tilit h?a ull dIiouro rut iorltr thler wero tlwetays eroplltiaf with aUtOcrso. TI rtoo Oil til yer in wlie tih e aIha ]i, tiit tio a~liloesfitl; lllltl frome tile coIIlOito tetooito tlhere wav icluiv ytv witilti did nout show ii advlci iie . thi "li r ii lor,; olt'd hi exipectd that lehe yourt relirt to htl would lthot \\\ iltcretit uictiteie oai tveut tu, t-ear aep,, e hy. ?Ilouldh 1ot they iln tulrln Ir to lmakt ?omeOll idattlil onl whlat they ]uad dhul in thle past? ? Therei' V,', a timell whenl they mintaliihicd it eulp~ortolur; butl tillsy folund the'o wer'e very few hionlge. in these, dishrictst thalt weve no tl supplied with a hblhh, .?, hiin servicesq ceitsdl. But their pIurtiiise ivivi nut unly Iii ititititly Gothiurnit~ andit its ne~ighbloturhoiodll ht tt? bluppIly thet Itaroent uocioty with ttioinbey [it purouu,, its lioi-lilie platte. Hii tritateil thiia wult ho tnitie result of their mietinthg thltt night. iHe ha-l intech ttleaiuvo ihi toallhig po n his Lordsoip th r eiaholt of Gonllouin t~o nmoveT the fi=rst resohltihn. The Bishop of GCoulitrn slid tlhat hIe lhad been retqueste.l to move the first resolutiou, lwhichl wai ais follows: Tiht t?I rotoert tor v focther h thet rcastlrer'ha Ilanc. throt,to Ih?l,,ttt i, troltct , aot.hitclrt.lted. The report presentedl some features of etcouronge. ment; and though tihe preooselt uitighlt I butlt the day of satnll things it should not obe despised. They Ihad cruse for thltkfullless for the su,:ceso wthich had aotelldedl tle operations of the auxiliary, autl It trosted it would be progressive till they were crdtbled to offect llore good ttll to ttemit larger stunts to the parent socieoty. It: would not again trlavel over the grounld so well occullicd by their chltairtun ind Ihe woul lo:avo to toe dfoutiottio It won ;lah to otto preseut to report ,If progrOts of tole lille Society aud twotldl limit limt l if to one or ttwo ttrgtt mInts showing whly tlhey oghlt to otlto1rt tlI society. The Biblel So:itety wats engaged, not ill ill torplreting tile wotrd iof (;od but in spreading it; and in tlhis work tht committttc we or trttly itdeahtti:;tlle. They gave up to it ta Itrge portiton of tlheir tiut, iand tlhey met regulrurly iid freiquently. Tltir ri. port for 1877 was Iuill of e&idtenco; tlttt tite S1tirit was still acting ill tlIe conversion tI souls, anld al togelther it was intonsely interesting. When they considleredl that one copy of the scriltltUrs might britg lieo to one soul, tItd tluie multiplied by tlhe nmtllter of copies issleld by the Bibile Society tthey Wottll see how greait wgsi the bIlessint thett wotuldl rest riptn the exttllded oirutihtion ot f lGod's wrord. Thle tcioety hIad bhen i exsistecteeilttoty yucrs, and tle imtlller of coltics it circulated wnas enorlnouis. Up to list 'retlr they lttd dlistributed 23,616,000 colties atld portiotls of tile Old Testltuoint, attd 27,8t(ii,(I00 copies of the New l'Testament, itiong in all 513 miillittlr of CopiiO. Whatt an imittonso boon to the world! iStitrely then with tscllh it woro k s this for its olbject thIe society deserved the Cwarmest 1ttd strongest stlttporl they could give it. TheIoy wouldl retnttetttr tltt tile origitil came front to Holye Ghost. God litld Imost wouterftully guttirded titd preserved tle soriltttres'; and the wero veo mortt tancient copios of them nows ill existence thltn of the wsorks of all trofluao authlors put togethler. 'J'They shoulld Ite (Ithakflul that ill tIhe prcsett day blllltdllllt copies were being oirulntedi, lind thnllk fill tllat tlt!e had tttt Itlauttiftul tlthorisedl version, thie hoest tllht hlitd ever beet mttado oned the mlt aers of lwhiclh had tlhetlseltves uoen itfluenctd ill tlheir wortk by tle powver of tltt Ihtly Ghost. This version had fixoli tle English luuiguage. Tlllttiugh attemptts Ihad ince beehon made tt o Is ke Itt llew translation, inono lhad Ileon able to implrove the authorised ver sion. Five clergymen had meI t togetlher to imake a tnew version nld lit tirst hllad mtade great alterations; lint tit re-consideration they went somewlhtt back, nttd Ithe more they givre lthmtoselves to the work ttt more they returnced to the existing version. 'This surely was good testimonyti to its correctness. Let us tlhen be thankftul for our vt:rsion of the scrip tures. It wcts t(le founldatiton of our ltils, it ihad fixcd our laniguage, its lspirit Wss tralsluted into our institutions; it wasr to this wee English aire what we are. As the Quoeen said tt the Afrioat tmiollureh 'who askeltd what was tile secreo t of Eugllu(d's great iess, it was tile bible tand becaus e we believed in the bible. Let us theIu maoe much of this society as the means of spreading this wonderful IImeaOus of grace. Its iustrauenutllity wasn not coutincd to Great Britain tld her dlpeludeuncies, but there were branchto s on tile continotet, and six milliot n copieU s of the Old and ttwenty-osIe inillions of the Now To?ta. mollt had there been distributed, or twenty-soven millions ouit of tle soo'ntyt'nine millions circulalted by the society tince its eotulblishmltent. Tthet let thout coonsider tile many ultiguages into lwhichl this society thad had thie tword translated. He believed there were ilabout two Illtdred anld sixteeni livillg lugtnagoes it thie wtrtll, of lwhichl seventy were ill Eurolpe, eighty in Asia, eighteenu ill the islands of the Poeciie, twenty-.,ix in Africa, ttnd Itlut fourteeno ill Asmerict. T'llis society was not ttIe only ont in existecec thItt is iustrumentlal in distributiug the word of God, for Ithere was anll older one con nected with tile Church of England, bul t its ntubli licttions cwere ellielfly i the Ellglish lantguagE. Tlhe Britiish iani sltttrignu Bible Society ltld Ibranchies in every qirtetr of the Ihablituble globe, ttdt had tile scritlltires trallslulted illttt greaelt iImnity ltiangllages. T'le lttiullltrt ill wlhiehl pteople atihtnte .ubscribed tl, its fIttIs set i a good texlmle to tlloso here. There were tutitly twho gusvll tteir huututlreusu u Iuld thoulntlttld, whlili e we wro contributing shlillings. Theore it was ltot ulllfretlllellt t, tlud contribultious of it tllousailld or two tllou~and lounuds, whlile in this colouy one pundt one was thought I fiir subtlteril tiou. Tllhese arie ditys ill whlichl tile authlority of tile scriptures i:i muclh inquired into; aud wllile thle comnittlee of tillt Bible Society did niot interfere withl inquiries of this tltture, they were conteot to Ihave thie igreat ,irivilege of causing the scripture toi be distribtuted, becauseo they Ibelieved it to be tIle word of iGod; tld whnlcllever t'lte', stltw o ul Oulpenillg for extending its circultion tlt "y Ittusned to avail tllitelves of it; tand when tlley staw how the wordl ttrucklt into the ihearts of the peopleo they cwere cll courllged. Let us therefore do all tltit te cotn to helpi thie ditributittn of the word of Goedl which milttks wi:;s unto slttastitio. Thie tee. W. Clarke said Ito h(ad heard and'l rcad that this ws o It sceptical age, atl they were expected to givrlea retutni for the tolto that Wlis ill them. St. lettr told toheo t that thley slhould lie iblle to gtive such rCson. Now Di . r ToIImas hadl giveni tthem SOmie Creaisons why they should stu)tport the lBritish atd Foreign Bible Society, titd he shofuld follow in hIis train. He stoodl ont thlle side of the Bible Society because God willed it. It was the willof CGod that thile truths of tle bible tlllhould be spreaIld ibroad Id tlhat we Christians slhouldll sprctl it. The divitne eOsItIItlld \55t t' gt) yet into tile world stld I'tteach tite trutl to everyt creature; " ltld s'e ctnnott do this utlf.s wee ttle the bible. Frin this divin' com. iunud it was clear tllt if Jesush CIhrist came to Gtoulbur h woulue I' ld he on tie side t f tle Bibl, Society and lie (tille llcspeaker) desired to bEI iiin good complua y. 1"ire hu udr cd yea:rs ago--in the time of W'rcli-ffc-- t numbel r of fPiests met ald ltttced it re.oluttiou tlhat the bille wavs ia Iad book in d tlhat its circulation tllltst be lro\'ented; anld strn ulgc to say hlundrleds of 'ear'ts tilterwardts tlie Bible Society occupil iet Ilonse on ttie very lspot twhere their meetil; ;t had toun held. Volttiro had a priitiitg. prcss woith whllich h de'irtud to l)prilt tltliLelttits slhich r to detroy t t' t le cIun?tc ,f the bIilte; but strauge to ry aftert'ardt (s thi presS ciame into tile (tOoios:Ot of the t ociev tlld wits eIllfUlotred to prillt the bible--to assist iin ultntiplving copies of tlhe work it had lloe:n inttdetl t, destroy. (Ic was oi the si l of the biblte for 1aitriotic ruu eas'tons. TheyItI dt careoi fhr tile .t l tiand cares hr tilhte boel'y of differentt ~illds anld the! burden! of ignoranlce; anld thl!y b~l, tolso dolr to them itlher ai d dro ay; s ltd wlst hltede t't (t thets 'ar, titd diefltiet Wlt t'1 hibl', and s ot tin." i ut tr.. bibsi. Au l the t 'o rk of thlle socitt is tthat t crip shioulld ie pihtcld in tllhi ihald of ev''ry'~.'ot. Tltllr' c.t a gr,:lat do..t ef ,ipticitsc atlltoad, 'sot:l it tIeculai.tln or by whatt llle *I! w, uld; andl at tonlt timo'* it h:01 g,)t illl n 1 il L ntuutshu re, , 'tuutt it o'.a ( t(ler. freiut-ntiy v:tid thoit tihe ministert did nit care for the ftopti. lUst by-"s't by cam'. the f(a2.5, nod the. at dittc the secularicts HtiruIct tlheir tent: and wero awvay; ant?ld thoe cane tioet wl a wore iiltiuealced by tie teachintii of the bhlile, and withtut asking the creed of the disttresaed thUy distritiltu thie in.:t of relief at ttheir emtilniatld aind inI every We, Iiideeavnicd ito alleviate the tifferviga of ttiiie t'artl'it ttievn. The founttit cult not retain itiitt: water nor tiit tlw'er it' trvi'raee if ttt tirea were dtya or the roet di:cayed; a l thit leinthei e ii f the tilel cuilt not keep ita liti of II( heearts Lan miiiiis of men a it ilhad toillea alll w ul id tt etii gn·:,'virati ltt tio gell ai[oll weCIa e it nit iltt.tl L living rl ai lifte.giving truth. Th'a.e who h;ld it itlllt ctlle ill their ]trlt1i t ut : ceu tldit c help desriig tt impart. it tt oti ll r thteii thte Ihwcr couihi help xtialitug its frtegirance 'a' the futntain Iprevent it: waier lewin ii. [The bilte brought uti to holle?s, etid :teititttted the lvce of otlie.rs aid ttte leve ttf 'catI worka fort' ti ltual eutllhl n ttlietille of llll. infidelttt held olult but lO(l pitectrete tio u. it, told \'iwt were holelelst(, hel!lh,. chihhTrn, tla!sengiri without tcolitats oir rudttier, saililig iit I knew wheret , ur coltrae omttloettlnenicing il iiyttet', gi,,g itn ini mystiry, eiting ini mystery. iBuit the biblte helelmd outt of this hIetite pit of lire altitd lc ett isc tie. hcleavelcltardsit, conll centratcd its raylee iLn cac ftecuo, alld gave, a gloriou.( light to light mnau to heaven. '_la e bible was the alt glorious tgift f Godt t, manl. It wan tihe law t d" the heavons, the law tnf tie eavrth, tte trtiurt where the shialtts itf light wecri ktlit, ii ditcetry to tcile si waer fle'llg frtn iit vil, a cvirdiat which citiereed tle heartof all. It iwouhlcleau:e that which i, filthy, hind up that whbich i?; br.',ke, cellcr the diticensolate. It iato tthe thlevctttta throu;ti which we tttaiinet a vielw of the in inite, a 1lll) i eling tlhti earth, giing promisc otif theit world aetlltnd of the worln tt end i tcte d lithtin: tt:e path tict divides lot world froma the other. The tlible Huclty wta not tl titi uthnly tto iro gu t tplopugiit wae ntt ionly te t British Society, biut tit British aud Irtteign Bible H~ckeQ'. Dr. Tholmat had told them that many attacks had been made on tihe Ibibl:; and he (ir. Clrki ) knte w theti ftact was so; buttt tlty neveri Will'0, n cll olhl be, successfull. Somlle ipeople got ithat once upon a tienti tie i vk of God fellt into the itcciiiitt u:, tlittt itiate ttn ' actte Stuvey Ill city tl:'· tt hands tnof the Phil stines, who ct'aried it awat td i~oteY tt::ttiet ceinite nat vrLet: HIien: tieit tutuR tite piitaed it in tite hauistt of tt eheir god Dit gitu. Wella t]heqe lersons who were frightened might inmagine tiat the ark would fall etitort Dllcotl; ntt t stit, bi1 iDagl ni fell before tle ark; and so it woul ad be in titllicinttt aetttisllcc tuie1 c::::tiitattet tnrait tettave, Its respect trt tttatki upto teie in ilble. Why atttupta atied utell at:tle, anild alult lt: was ilorry ill say by tI cit:hop, to delOSe Moses fromi tuhe placi e hioccluielt ; lut al'ow halli tle Y succeededl? Were telre fewer elevers now thaui formerly ini tthe a oks of tucstes tin teitt ~iiiiigo, frun caitacttiaa allt'vuntttttct.ttite illn ittei te thought caertaily notrt. Let thtn look iintno the IteIiti ttcll Slynal tue Saao ~tcntnaa t Wetn~lInnan, rc lte bible ai tly woutld t t com e better men avl cetiar women. Chtris tialty would livw atul was ther(ef<,rn truea: Christianity was trtut and would telrefo tre live; it would tnever fade iawlay, Palgaimll[?ll \al was sigll away; Mahometaniant was passing away, and the Turk would soon be emancipated from fettcr.?. It was triue thIt in Germany.ti the nelihgy of that uettllntttry Whta alike a tLLl: ttitnti Cct .in, away ti:e spiritual lift.1lood of thleea te; buti ii, muc t t ai eaway. All the ise wt ere of lun inventioni atnd i ta. pass away. Btut the 1bible wouhl live for ever, live itl allty atmospillrc, naourish m:ongt t any ieu Tle. Its t:aclitgs, itt aonsolatiotns, were a itrotriate to )ela lof every racn onu earth. ie Gte: rman, thile lidtoo, thile Iriian, the Sacotehta, th aei lshtan, tiitlt e Englishnun, the native of any and of every clhuae could in this book find their inttlltctg and their hearts alike spoken to. [In referring to tihe WYelsh the speaker gave a Welsh quotation. Tit Slteaker referrncd tio the influence ofa tie Bible i causting then ettlemeni t of a British colony in aFii; and con thnued :] England to some extent had heen retreuu t to tie faith of Ihe old refirmert; ana tv i heart of lRussia was as cold as its own Sileria ; Spain wasl sunk in imbecility; a ittrance, tainted with intihltt ity, had endured tie horrtrs aed 'etuaines of co0. munism. The reason why Spain wat not stable and France not strong was betcause they had not the 1eibli. What waet it that gite ti ace and religioe to the slave 1aut the . ible? Whatever might ha.len sTouhl England atd lussia it o to war he comtld aot predicth; but he wa sure that eventually the know ledge of the ILord wouhl cover the whole earth, and that the univer.?al cry would be) " We praise Thee 0 Lord ; we aclnowledge Thee to? 1e the Lotrd." To (:usure and to hastet this wats tile elject and a)itln of the Bible Society: and this wa'? why he seconded the reso~lution. The resolution was thee Iput to the meeting and carried. The sricolld resolultioll woo itoved by thi Veiterable Archduaecon 'Puddicombo, in the absncee of thie lcev. A. MI. Tit, who had requested tile mover to expresIS hi, regret that through indi!sploition hie was uniable to be iresrnt. It was as follows: Thi t i t hit r ll-eti ltgi roltillt t it ro pr whc i y llich ilao nlt Ivrldtd teres thbcms they i(hleunl thelllay ojeLc thery (inlrl Sociy Yr by yearily I tle ea bllh mrCkted y r scc s? ho tleri r o-tl ri ith roLerll eftl t re h eIII troh t i co ntl coi prmdl e at diviae terth, ald olya thrt uriethtly Oc tar col tilehr: toI bletIer rteenut ps f lla itll r eeod circIulto lile ioe lord. ic saitl thec were come sot cietics inlteiir lillle lost interest itocetrs they ftied lchl tile oljiect tltrS torledt; btt tiles cnild nTeer ie tile ne ca wii t the Bible Society. eitr by year it toil bec lairtied byer ilrores ; year b.C ye.ar I it itriclced freoi trleti]riatiols wll1 entgtgted itifotilltl coloetratio s every cylir it 1h1d tlarr revie e tillen 01 O ietncraleil eirenelitin oft it?e Itillis. Tlieii there erero rItItIC roCitties for tiC copii ng t he worili C lle oe whtichan c l oistiiiitis e t rti ill lugerince ssary. This couldito t he 01111m3 i te Ciltib Scelely. Ac long q tahe woirll Ilaite there ertti Ii e nee for itt o optertiotsi. N'eeer can it eltiasc its efforta till the daUy whelti altl tle iingdbiogtl ti tite eorld alittll nut a0d t111 thie ]hiiigtdli c thle Creins ctlllllliee. As yestr by yeetIr they Itc(Itto li ttee. to telligent, iiareo eariest, lore active, tltttl inor large iairtred Christitians, so they iiits fail iincreased inter. est ill thile working of the society. Is there to be tile liarvest of tile Lorda? and iare wc to taoe iaort therein ? If so the seed itst tt e sooin, and those twho Ilopetd to be at the hiarver't inttlt Casist tt sOce it. The seed wei; thile wortd of G(od. If the day is to couml whenl tie vhitory shaitll bei gainedl, tle stord mlut e t I l Ilandi ; Lant the sworrd is tle worid of God. tit light mtlst Ie lit, to shine forth ti, guide and to iel',;it lutst llot le hidtdenl ulnder a bushel itlit .ot lii a ciandlesticki. hotd wcrtediby Illlnllr n r l e- s; iand tile moIenn apIllointetd fori this victoar ills tie seending abroad of the trutti as it was iti the bible. With these senitiiments it was itlpo;isible that they could helll reijoicing at the sueco?s:; of this auxiiliary ttd especeilly at tie increased protisperity of its lranchiies. Tle Ierltserityoi branchies alwasi ys Irulits t thile pIrospcrity iof tihe oiteit; tand 1iy thle truth that dripis from thie brantiihles of the Iliblto Society the stemC is trengtheneltId. lie waris pitersuadedC that ill every town whelre there was a br.ancehl of the Bible Stciety there was It celltrue of Cliristian life, that crery parish having such a branch would be well or ganized atind flurishiligh' ill itself iiiand woult exert activoand earnlest misslionary cifortis. If they rwotlld do iwhat they could to itir up eachl uther to work mtore earnest, tly. tiio'ld r lid it a great g ore rce of spiritual life. iEvery Christian was ibolatid to do wlhat ihe could to sread thile word of God--not otly to hlold fast, but to hiold forth. Thie injunction to go fortih anud preach the gospel to every creature was Iuiniinlg ullon aevery Christian ; and though they could not all do it por. sunally they could do it most eftectuorall y ' su1 rpoLrt. ing tlhe British and Foreign Ilible Society. He woull now simple y l oile the resolution ; au1r ejoiced t litknow tlhat t i would l secondedl by the agent and deltation firomn the iparent society. Tite: elcv..1. T. Evanst said tlitt it gave him great pleatcre to secornd tihe rcsolultion, especially as it lspiliti of thie lirctical success of the iauxiliarey. HIai inig visited oilai. of tlie towns lie could bear testi muny to the interest felt in tile work iu towns con aetted witlh Goultrni; anlld elu hIlelld that in Ia fewe iitiilltl every i town would lihave ict Iauleh, nellt iter"ly existing oli n paper bhut actively workiuig for the in terests of the rociety. TItere wacs one thingl to be dclerecatedl, andl tihat rwas the diositlion to bireak up into small cnd weak auxtiliarie rathller tlhan to re mnlil branches of onie large and strong. It ewas iot rwell that oie day a branch should lIe connIccted withl (otiiliiiurn, thile Il'xt (Ily witith?tydintey, nul thien that it shoulrll ?ot up for itself ; nior was it scatisfactory to go toidayi to (12ieilliiyn, ,Lcy, tiid after rcettrnillg hole to find tlhat there wa is a small town within a few miiles havinig an auriliary ,If its own; nor ewas it eaisy udllticr tlchil cirtunlstanice for a. depntation to visit all. IIIn Victolri tihey hadi at one titlle i;omte -ixty-nine auxiliaries ; these had n wV been unitCd in two tstronig nuxiliaries; andu hi oped and bielieved that tlhe reslt wouirl be that their uiseulness woild ratlidly itassaltii liartger prlllOrtions. HIe ltop1) d tho ?reloulllltlillg tOiitns wIuldli join aiti assist tllhe G ul. burn aiisiliary. lHe did iot like to speak after niuo o'lrock,l fior hi? tlighlt it swell that fpeiple iliould be eltli tll glt ti leil bIy t(lei'; iso lie woui lit ot lle go on t,, lt.hak if the parinlt rouiietly, ait ]ii ultderstoodt they ,.Sie t1.il this of him. When this society wett cs thdtihed in 1i01 bibAll? atreo rtearcr. :There were 1110 lii who iiiteinellrl elieti there 1,ene but nicle or tao in their ueighboutrhods. Mer. GlCree habd 'ecrtacd to Walho; aud as a Wcclhmaau himself heo as proud to may that it woo Waleco gave birth to the Bible Society. His father rumemo bored when the only place for miles around where , copy of tho bible could be found wan in the church. Now in "Waloe one could be found in every family. So it wax in England. There were thousands of men who at oce time had not a bible to read. Forty. live milli 1, of copices had bcn diotributed by the Hible tocietv. What did England do for Chriotian miiioieieit?ev?ty yearo ago ? Very little. Now tho Church of Englail laed lmndredo of minosionarle in fiirigo lawet aod expended in mioionary offorts £itii00,i per ainuim. Similar efforts were made by the Wecscyaos a id by other churches. And if thrse were now doing their bhet to Itllil Chrit's command to preach the word to every creature, ohould not thoco it the colonira do their etiare alo? The Earl of tiihaftlrotury aaid that thi greater religious light of the prerent day weo to be attributed to more ox teonive preaching, to purer preaching, and to the more extenisive circulation and reading of the word it God. Hie might point out that oven in the matter of temporal proeeherity otoutrih? poacecoing the bible at,,id higher tha liothes. The variety tiolieved the bible t be God'i w<trd, and therofore did all in its poever to briig it iithin the reach of cveryono. An l'rotestants they believed that every Christian lied a right tli the word of God anit ought to posvess a coile. WVith refiriuie to the work en the continent, Spain had lont been ai source of great discoarage nieit aid hadi heel cloaei againist the society's opirittioiii till hut 0 few years ego tiut now every village wes viteitcd by the rolporleuia; and iccording to their latit reptrt tia.,o was soarcely a villago where ment couhl not le found who had bti,.. iroaghlt to a liiiwhdga tg f God ii y quiet, earineot realing oftlij woril. lIe glvle iu initatcc where a iiumier of men loot tgeeithcer tl colopire iiaoiunit tCli govcrnmnut and in ca-,. of boinig interrupted by the tiolico they had the biblelo oaii wfore tliem to ihke an excuee that they wer' tevking the word of God; but it came ohout that tllii at loot aused ltheir trador actually th coiunoice to real it, aid tiiugh he did iio at first iin a icolling spirit, it let to hit couvcrsion, and he was now the moiit earueot iiblh iportvr the socicty had in its empllo. Then there i0 tCe caic of Mexico. The vocito alwaoia kheele a vrrthck of liiblo ready for any oeiiiniig tliat tiresntl itself ; Oad in tie dtays of ltaximiliiti soome years agi auch iii opeoing pro. sented iilent in Mexico iid there their agents circultted tifteei tlloiiaid claiis. But since tIl ihiyii oi Aiaximiliau the iilile htrd not heoi admitted iuta that country, oed it was thought that there the caiius. lust I are li?td out. But two or three yearo ago there caine a dipuitation to New York, veking a m 1n to go to 3exici tCo organize their church, and it traispireut tClt there existed no h0sa than fifty.three eouigrrgulionii haviig their miiutero and their bibles, and thlit the letuers of thii moveumoet wero priests wh l finliig tli bible ,elling into circulation had obtliini d coiiliii aut read thioi witih the vicw of hiuunting out their crror., but in the task of perusal had thmiicl'liei 1iein i'ivinced of their troth. One iif thrse priests, noted for his eloquence mid ability, had ieeii s~liecially otupeiointout Iuy the archbishop to nuiko tiruparation foi dinouiitting th nicw move. moi t ; yet he had bacome one of itsi leaders. At the lurresult time three were iui Mexico nii ltrs than oeevinty-tive congregatitiis of Christiau people with their o\i ii inii tera, illd ii eollegul whore mniii were trieporcto fer the miniitry. And all thio resulted from the introductiou into the country of the word oi God through the ecxertloei a tihe Bible Society. When they heard of facto outh t t these they shoulId take them ai enciuragemoet to persevere in helping the socicty. They would sce how great was the work that had ahlrady bcen aecomplishid, and kliowing thiit vaotly more r eiained to be done they should the more earnestly re'olvu Co t Cid the society in its efforta to circulate the word of God in overy place throughout the worli. Throughout the heathen worol the auciety was doing a great work. Truly it might le called the handomiden of the church. Soeme micuiiirr of the Church of tngland might give au a reuleon for not nupportiog this aociety thiit they had a similar eociety of their own; but lot them consider that while the Church of England society circultidc the bible in lifty.sovei different laguagecs, for forty-s0v0c of thice they had to come to the Blritish and Forcigo Bible Society. This fact ohowed how valuotiiie an assistant this vciety muiit be. The WuVesteryvins got all their hible from thio acriety ; 10 ,ii the Presbyteriaos ailtl other Protestant chiurchon. Fifty yeare fiack tho bible fid blieen trInlated only into tifty langaagicr; now it cwas to be found in two lulnidred and thirty-two additional hlagragesr ; fifty two million copies of the scripturo haind been circu lated; andr it ewa calculrtcd that there were cighty oeven millions throughout the world. Thie dirssemi nationr of thie bible rhad hald its effect where missnaion. ary ncrterprise hald not yet punrctrated. TIle spenaker here gave instancen of niativc s of India of high clhrarter rand great rnatural ability iwho rhadl bcon cornverted to Chritianity ry reading the bible, with. out the interventionr of oany misaiolnrry. rI parrtitcu lar there was all inrtaoeC of a rIrti?e gentleman thufr converted who labouired o well that wlhen after wardir a rnis.nionary came into hi nreigrhbourhood he forund that rhe wasrr amorlnt a commn irty already Christian. Another case wan cited of Ia rahmin converted to Christianity bty reading a bible brought to him by a 'arrr.ace, rrand whro inrflenccd all the other inhabritants of hifr vilitge. Int India, Chiun, rand otlher ilacfe thie vicits of tile r iooaionary were few anld far iletwcon ; Ibut rere thie society circlated the wnorl of (iotl, and tlusc religions life wores kept amongat tie pferle. But rruch remainedr to be dorne; cigirt hfundrerd millionr yet were to be hurllied; so that tlre wrk ofi the eocicty was but just commouecd. tIn Australia tihere was nio eraunsco to be discouraged. fIurt tiey m t reimembier tihat tile woIrk was yet in its iinfancy. Our young Ieln wCer. cominig on the stago writlhout havinrg c crin what their eclders hadrr Heell; aind when we had tin r toen rillions of people that Sir Hecrculec flobiioln had so elqnuently spoken of tie other fday, we oughtt to Iraco the means of suiiilcying their religicous necccities. Tlirri een for thie Ihome work in New South Wales ranchi was re quired; and the Gt lullrn auxiliary ruitnf do its best. The great waut ill cinllnexion with thie claims of tis siciety was a beltter inowledge of the work it did. Muorn wouorid he done if more wepre inown of thie wrrk thauit remaiuned co fe done. He thereforo urged trhem to brini uder niotic whcerever ofppo. trnity pr1e.Cnlted itself, thie worl that this society aimed to cmplis. The more rerrrii ti they did ill this diircctii,, tire more tlhey wourld firln thie general in teret in thie hucictly geroWiig Ran thie mOTC the contributions ionld be increasiniig. He hIoped that throughi tiheir exertilons moiure bibles would be circu laterd an1t tious rre saulc cotld be birorght to tihe knrowledge if .Jcci Clhriit. Thie resolhtin wasi ticin put lrnd carried. Thie Re. W. 3Maiy imoved thie third resolution- 'Ch.i' rIle tllcrcr of eti* IIrrrLinreI ore cordilly giveer to rho icrcrer c i C't iia, ciii rrcti~liItr? eel ii bracirlic, ore itrir vatr abrle ?'.u|ct) dtilrill:: tile II, l 'er;llc Crnl o ithy i c' T Crr petfiU l. SlllC eari c iu CIII irrelC threir aId ti th1 c0 lllll L-? )ced.i afplke louder than werdi; and ]e thltogirt they wouhld bet ishow tlhe'ir gratitude by doing as lmrrcl air they cohil aind raying little. iHe was very glad to .ecod thin rcaolution. Thouigh he felt thait in somne thingsr men rhad the adivanitage, in organ izing, in prcachinrg, and in other wayn not usually considered open to tie other sex, yet in othcrs landies were far above thie men, anrd for their kind aRd zea louti exertiona the tlankls of a cll well-.wishers to the Bible Society wcere certainly due, ard it was toaex. )re these tlC anks triri hat he neow came e forward. Let iall do what they could to ripreadc abroad ai kunowledge of thie truth as it is in Christ Jesus. When Sir Walter Scott wasn on hif dying bed ihe desired that ie might be read to, aind being asked nwhnt book, he said there cwa but one book for hio then condition. And no it nwas. There wasn but one booke they could die fhy; but oeri book they could live by: anud it was tie bible. Mr. W. S. Foxanll whrile he felt it a great honor to bh requec:ted to cecond tile resolution, felt thait it would ill ibecome him, especially at that hour, to attempt to enlarge upon its subject. He would merely nsay that ire quitn endored it; and after the flattering re. markrlr in the report ihe thouight there owas reaon to believe that the ladies would not only contintueo their aid to thie oceiety ibut rwould if possible increasen their exertionsr. Ito was s0ri that the ladiea whohed col. lected for the society eo well in the pfst vrou!d do no ogaini; and that thoo who had not yeSt done to would cndeavour to do as well as the others. Thie resolution wan put and carried. The Chairman apologized for the abnoneo of .r. Conolly' who had been called away froen tho melting, allic who ceas to Ihave nmoved tile next re?solution. IHe anniunci'o t tihat a collection would nowr be mado; which wan done aiccordingly and £3 31. c-as reolized. Mr. C. S. Ale?x?inde moved and ir. Sibson Reconded- ToC rrite th-.-f th!- .cil r o tc fm eorrcruiitt- ior tei )e r ee 77; tclllr thrit tIro rolli irelleerrltlrnn Ie the oll~r 2-|?.zrr i culci ar, enittir for thoocree: cuaer:--l'atri ni inn ltinih lree. tcc Lierd Ci; 0i oC ioorlberi" I're.ilcniir. 0. Invier, IN.I. Mli.; VircCPrn.:hitrr't, tihe Via. 3.n./,?leorr a-rddi rorllra Lrictc C. ii .rAeCruotkir 1:r;-. JrP.; TrnInIeer, .'\\. 31. Dreit i:0t..; Cricn.are, tie. lclirr Iile iithi Co nnlurtcrd, Irova. nV. ;te, C.rIrIrm Son, .c. ar. 'lain, no. COrnuke, n it Miner?. J. Cuff orall W. Cr)ncicliy CO. 0. Foer.t, C. Cnlro':lal) CO. tulybUtrte W,. cibeori, .0. ceeriFhriL ..i uIirin, Ci. Oirtory, rod J. imanhill. -Caerricd. ne u,-Smf itny.Soul,Jny~SaviourDoarrwns?, \- ; th en u ug . : : '.' - , i .K , Oliith mn tio f b ia oArh; dto n dd aico mbd a vo t StMtithrinin;nrwjHloSed r th?e i biirniin'for presidiog; t endlthd meeting 4losed withlthc! banediction by the .if ishopntC-e o Go ;,: 