COMMUNICATED. ICJo respondents who are good enough toI forward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by' marking those passages to which they , desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings < are enclosed^ it is 1 desirable they should nave attached to them' the name of the paper from which they arje taken, and the date*} < 1 ; . The Stewart Company have just .returned from , a .very successful tour in Gippa Land, and were to appear in their entertainment of " Rainbow Revels" last night, at the Pxahran Town-hall. They ?will repeat the performance to- night, and on Monday leave for the Western district . . On Tuesday the Soldene Company returned1 from New Zealand to Melbourne, and oh Thursday they left Melbourne for Adelaide, to open the new theatre there next.week. The Baker and Farron Company have gone from Ballarat into the Western districts. Their company is 14 in number, and tbiey carry with them the necessary scenery and other stage requirements. Mr. E. D. Davies, the ventriloquist, and Mr. Barlow, the inimitable, have been at Inglewood, Stawell, and East Charlton during the week, and have been well received "by good houses. " Sydney. March 18. "Dear Tahite,-At the Theatre Royal, ' Back from the Grave' was played on Saturday for the last time, after a fairly suc cessful run of two weeks. Mr. Darrell's other drama, 'Transported for Life,' is to take its place this week. At the Victoria ' "William Tell' drew capital houses all last week, and this week it is to be alternated with 'The Stranger.' Mr. Creswick's popularity shows no hint of waning. His next character is to be Wolsey, in " Henry the Eighth," and it is said he is studying, for the first tame in his life, Falstaff.. Kelly and Leon, at the Queen's, continue to draw excellent houses. The Marionettes, at the School of Arts, have been .attracting crowds. At the Guildhall, a Pepper's .'Ghost performance has been given. The performers include a Mr. D'Arcy Read and Mr. Bel ton, but the audience has been as ghostly as the performance. . Mrs. Scott Siddons is to oDen at the Queen's on the 30th. "CLAUDE." The Wheeler troupe _ opened at White's rooms, Adelaide, on Saturday last. 