W1LLTJNGA AGBIOULTURAL SOCIETY, The Aldinga annual ploughing matoh, nnder the auspices of the above Society, took place on Thursday, August 22, on the farm of Mr. Thos. Atkinson, J.P., about half-way between Aldinga and Willunga. The weather was all that could be desired, and that with the beauty of the scenery and attractions of the match drew together ceveral hundred people, including a good sprinkling of the fair sex. The prizes were liberal, but the competition—if we may speak of competition at all—was anything but good, except in the show of horse stock, wh"~.h was very creditable indeed. Tbe following is the prize-list:— Men's Class.—Double or triple ploughs—First prize (Royal Agricultural Society's prize), £7, Patrick Burns; second £5. K. McEae; third £3, fourth £1, no competitors—"Ploughing only medium." Boys' Class.—Under 16 years, any plough—First prize £4, John Pethick; second (Royal Agricultural Society's prize) £3, Sanders; third £2, Pengilly —" Ploughing very fairly done." In both classes for eight prizes there were only five competitors. A drawing match, viz., " striking out a line with single plough from point to point," say 150 yards, was sub sequently got up by subscription. There were four r teen entries, and some very erratic drawing was done. Some, however, was very creditable. The result was: —First prize, 11. Howie ; second, W. Polkinghorne; third, John Binney. Horse Stock.—Draught stallions to travel District of .Aldinga and "Willunga this season—First prize, £2, Mr. P. Seaman's Clyde; second, £1, Mr. P. Seaman's Young Honest Tom. Roadster stallions, on similar terms—First prize, £1, Mr. Oakley's Tim. Whiffler; second, 10s., a black horse of Mr. Crozier's. Tire show of horse stock in both clashes was very good. There were eight or nine on the ground—all good horses. H&hout; 40 persons sat down to dinner in the evening at Host Kimber's, Aldinga Hotel, where a pleasant evening was spent. Beporteb Case of Drowning.—"We hear th ta steerrge passenger, who hooked his passage from here, but whose name does not eeem to be known, threw himself overboard from the steamer Aconcagua at the Semaphore and was drowned. It was about dusk when the man was deliberately seen to leap over the side of tbe vesteL As soon as the alarm was given a lifebuoy was thrown over, and he appeared to strike out for it. Meanwhile, with the utmost aLerity a boat was lowered and pulled about the spot, but the search proved unsuccessful. With such a number of people on board it would be impossible to ascertain who he was until tbe passenger-list had been checked, and this would only be attended to after the steamer sailed. Many suggestions were made as to the man's identity, but the only conclusion positively arrived at was that he was a second-class pas eenger, but whether from Sydney,Melbourne, or Adelaide there were no means of ascertaining. There is but little prospect of finding out who the man was. until news is heard f.om the vessel, as there is but a very slender chance of tbe body ever being recovered. It is supposed that he was suffering from delirium, tremens. Chinese Fa3iine Fund.—A meeting of the Executive Committee of the Chinese Famine Fond was held in the Maj or's Boom on Tuesday, August 20. His Worship, who presided, re ported that £1,000 had already been remitted to tbe Central Committee of the Belief Fund at Shanghai. Toe Treasurer stated that £1,458 had been subscribed, and that it was determined to close the subscription lists on September 20, so that tbe balance might be ascertained, as it v. ,s desired to remit in October. At stbalias Defences.—The Melbourne Age publishes the following telegram from its London correspondent under date August 16:— " Sir William Jervois, on his return to England, after he had concluded his inspection of the Australian Colonies for the purpose of suggest ing an efficient defence scheme, was consulted by the Imperial Government as to his views upon the Australian defence question. Sir William Jervois has intimated to the Imperial Government that no Australian system of defence by land can be made complete unK« some central inland locality, connected with : l> capitals of Victoria, South Australia, and Nc South Wales, by railway, be chosen as the site for an arsenal, in which all munitions of war, with the exception of, per haps, guns, could be manufactured, and where all necessary material could be stored. It is understood that Wentworth, on the River Darling, has been recommended for the purpose of a central depot, and the suitability of its position is based npen the fact that it is the point at which the Victorian, South Australian, and New South Wales railway extensions will meet. If the Australian Governments agree to' the proposal it is believed that the Impeml Government will also give their assent to its adoption," St. Mast's Dominican Convent. -We have been furnished with the following:— "On Tuesday, August 20, a solemn ceremony was held in St. Mary's Dominican Convent, Franklin-street. The Bishop, the Right Reverend Dr. Reynolds, officiated on the occasion. The young lady who made her profession is the daughter of Mr. P. McNamara, J.P., Anama. A large number of the clergy, including the Right Rev. Abbot Alcoek, O.S.B., Gawler, the Revs. F. Byrne, V.G., Archdeacon Russell, Tappeiner, S.J., Ryan, Church, Byrne, Hennessy, and O'Snllivan, and many of the leading members of the Catholic laity, were present. After the religious ceremony the nans hospitably entertained the Bishop and the clergy and laity who wit nessed the proceedings." Theatee Rotax.—During the past week Mr Creswick has reappeared in various plays. Ou Monday evening next he takes bis farewell benefit, when " William Tell" and " Katherine and Petruchio" will be presented. At the close of Mr. Creswick's season a new line of business will be presented at the Theatre. Mr. Allison has engaged the Lydia How.i.rde burlesque troupe, which numbers amongst the performers the well-known actresses Miss Lydi" Howarde, Miss Minnie Fischer, and other burlesque artists. The company opens with a travestie of " Ivanhoe," in which they had a long run in Sydney. White's Booms.—" Bainford's Ghosts," have been patronised by moderate audiences daring the week. The M axon's Concbht.—The fifteenth con cert given fcy the Mayor took place in the Town Hall on Saturday evening last. The building was c: owded in every part, and the large audience seemed to be thoroughly pleased with the entertainment provided. The Pbilharnwuic Society rendered their services and gave several choruses in pleasing ' style, the most meritorious effort being the Gipsy's chorus from Weber's " Preciosa." Mr. J. McBride, the violinist, played skilfully a fantasia from " II Barbiere^di Siviglia," which he had to repeat in response to a hearty encore. One of the most pleasing features of the enter tainment was the rendering of the duet," O'er the hill, o'er the dale," by Misses EL. Weller and B. Vandepeer, a repetition of which was de manded. Miss Sparkman sang "Kathleen Mavonrneen," and was encored. "Won'fi you tell me why, Bobin'; was given by Miss Vande peer, who infused into her singing an amount of expression rarely associated with the efforts of amateurs. She fully merited the enthusiastic approbation which the audience manifested. Mr. F. Beed again distinguished himself in his violoncello 6olos. Mr. Landergan acted as conductor and presided at the organ, and in both capacities acquitted himself, as he usually does, with credit. The Clark Coubt-Hottse.—Our Glare corre spondent, writing on August 21, says:—" A deal of dissatisfaction exists among the townspeople oh account of the paltry Court-House intended to:be erected. According to the original plan it. would not be ar? larger than the present building, and the internal design would in dicate that the matter of convenience had been altogether lost right of. The complaints that have been made to the Government in reference to the site, size, &c.;, have led to the stoppage of the work. The excavations only were mid.?, and these have been filled in. Thecontraetor is anxiously waiting for further instructions, bob* desirous to proceed with the building, as he has had a number of workmen engaged to do that par ticular work." I egislative Council Elections.—Mr. B. H. Babbage notifies in our business columns that he will not contest the election for the Legisla tive Council. \- _ Thh OoTJHCtL OF _EdHCATIOK AMD tut*. "Mihistbt.—Aspecial meeting of the Gouneil of Eduicatioirwas lieldOTHitixsaay, August22,to consider the action .-of-the. Government in ■ reversing the CoimciFs flodsion in reference to the Hindmarsh School, and ordering that the contractor^ Mr. James Shaw, should receive £170 " extra cost of Glen Osmond stone over Dry Greek stpne." The meeting waa called at the nnanimons request of the members, all of whom were present. The hour fired for the meeting was:4 o'clock, hut the Council sat with closed doors till 5. They then, adjourned for half an hoar, and on reassembling had another consulta tion in the absence of the reporters. On the latter being admitted, shortly after 6 o'clock, the President, Mr. Hartley, B.A., B.Sc., toskthe chair, and the formal business of the meeting was begun by Dr. Campbell stating the object of the meeting. Mr. Salom then said, that since the meeting was convened he had received a communication from the Treasurer, the pur port of which he had been requested to make known to the ConnciL It was to the effect that the Council should postpone the farther dis cussion of this subject in consequence of the illness of the Minister of Education and until the Treasurer had had aii opportunity of com municating with Mr. Blyth and his other col leagues. Out of courtesy to the Minister andat the suggestion of the Treasurer Mr. Salom there fore moved that the further discussion of the question should be adjourned till next Monday. He wanted it to be distinctly understood that the adjournment was "in consequence of the communication from the Treasurer." Mr. Glyde seconded the motion without comment, and it was carried unanimously after Messrs. Barlow and von Treuer had expressed their readiness to have gone on with the discussion that day. Besbxeption of Pastobae Lands.—This week's Gazette contains notifications to the fol lowing pastoral lessees that it is the intention of the Goverment to resume the whole or a portion of their runs as the case may be:—John and .Robert Love, 45 square miles under Lease 1936, the whole of the lands onder Lease 1987,4 square miles under Lease 1988,16 square miles under Lease 1989,. and 6 square miles under Lease 1985; Price Maurice, all the lands under Leases 1919 and 1920, and 2 square miles under Lease 2277; John Harris Browne, all the lands under Leases 1989 and 1940, and. 11 square miles under Lease 1990; John Chipp Hamp, 5 square miles under Lease 1922 ; Alexander McCulloch, all the lands under Lease No. 1576; Joseph Gilbert, all the lands under Lease 1677 ; Frederick Charles Austin, 81 square miles under Lease 1698; John Riggs, all the lands under Lease 1698a; James Martin McBride, all the lands under Lease 1788; Isaac Killicoat, all the lands under Lease 1758; Alexander Hay, 8 square miles under Lease 1805, and all the lands under Leases 1548 and 1550; John Biggs and Henry John Biggs, 1 square mile under Lease 2074: Frederick Cowper & Charles "William Cowper, r *1 the lands under Lease 1542; Alfred Barker, all the lands under Lease 1547; Frank Bymill, all the lauds under 2074a; James White, 3 square mile" under Lease 2077; Andrew Tennant, 2 squsre miles under Lease 2280; William Dare, all the lands under Lease 1505; John Hallett and Alfred Hallett, all the lands under Lease 1535, and 7 square miles under Leare 1536. Questions m Pabuiament.—In the Assembly on Tuesday next Mr. Coglin will ask the Com missioner of Public Works whether the Govern ment have lowered the price of water supplied to the inhabitants of Port Augusta, and if not when it is their intention to do so? Mr. Carr will ask the Commissioner of Public Works:— " 1. Whether the tender of Victorian contractors for the construction of batteries for coast defences has been accepted? 2. What is the amount of the tender ? 3. What is the amount of the next lower tender by South Australia a contractors ?" Mr. Bees intends to call atten tion to the votes of the first, second, and third instalments of £5,000 each for the erection of a new Institute on North- terrace, and will ask the Minister of Education whether the amounts have in each year been carried forward as un expended balances, and what amount is now in the Treasurer's hands to the credit of the new Institute building ? The seme member will ask the Treasurer why Police-trooper Wilson was removed from the Burra, and the Minister of Education when the school at Yatina will be erected ? Mr. Forner will ask the Minister ci -Education if it is the intention of the Govern ment to erect a public school at Arfchutfcon ? and Mr. Bnndey will enquire of the Com missioner of Public Works" 1. The total cost of the railway from Port Broughton to Barnnga Gap? and 2. The average weekly earnings of such railway ?" On Thursday Mr. Coglin will ask whether it Is the intention of the Ministry to have moorings laid down at Arno Bay, 25 miles south-west of Franklin Harbour ? Nock's Act.—A preliminary meeting of per sons opposed to the proposed alteration of Nock's Act, with a view of holding a public meeting or adopting other means of giving expression to their opinions, was held at the Committee Boom of the Burra Institute on Wednesday, August 21; His Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. Lipsett} in the chair. The ministers of the different con gregations and several other gentlemen known to take a warm interest in the cause were pre sent. Mr. Pearce, sen., laid on the table copies of petition to the Legislative Council against tamper ing with the Act, which he had received from Mr, Nicholson, of Moonta. The business was mostly of a conversational character. Some were favourable to a general meeting in connec tion with the election of members for the Legis lative Council aud the introduction of the other topic as part of the business, but as it was pointed out that very little probability existed of the presence of any of the candidate, it was finally decided to call a public meeting in the hall of the Institute, when the subject could be thoroughly ventilated. Those present formed themselvc3 into a Committee to prepare resolu tions and select speakers on the subject, and to draft thie form of petition to each branch of the Legislature. Mr. Pearce was unanimously elected to act as Secretary. Show at Tatllba.—The annual Agricultural Show at Tatiara was held on Thursday, August 15\. The weather was fine though somewhat cold, and everything passed off most, success fully. Two silver cups were presented, one by the farmers and the other by the squatters. The first cnp was won by Mr. £L E. Aird as the exhibitor of the two best two-toothed rams, while the second was obtained by Mr. J. B. D. Denning for the best three bushels of wheat of the past season's growth with a sample weighing 67 lbs. 10 ozs. Besides the cups the Society paid away in prizes the snm of £143 17s. 6d., Messrs. D. F. Go'lan, N. & D. McLellan, and Aird being the principal prlzet&kers.; Scarcity op Farm Servants.—Oar Glare correspondent writes:—"Several farmers from Blyth Plains and to the north of Rochester visited Clare this week for the purpose of engaging ploughmen, but they were unable to get any. They complain of their inability to fallow their land because of the scarcity ef men. Some of the agriculturists hive em ployed men unaccustomed to the work, as others could not he had, and they are obliged to pay high wages, while the work is badly done. One farmer who employs a number of hands went to Adelaide a short time ago to engage farm bands, but he could not get a man accustomed to the plongh. Such being the state of the lahonr market, there is room for a large number of immigrants of that class." Nairne Railway.—On Tuesday next Mr. Darlirg will move in the House of Assembly for the production of a report from the Engineer-in Chief, showing—" 1. Estimated cost so far as Chafers (or a point near thereto) of the proposed railway to Nairne. 2. Estimated cost of line as per Survey No. 6 in House Paper No. 65, t> Crafers (or a point near thereto). 3. Respective working expenses pec annum on the above two lines." Oyster Fisheries.—"We republish from the Government Gazelle the following clause of Act No. 13 of 1873 relative to the oyster close season, together; with the subjoined notification —"Every person who shall, during the months of September, October, and November, in any year, by any means whatsoever, take or catch any oysters or oyster brood, or shall" dredge for oysters or oyster brood, or use any oyster dredge, or any net, instrument, or engine whatsoever, for the purpose of taking or catching oysters, or oyster brood, although no oysters or oyster brood shall he actually "taken, or shall with any net, instrument, or engine drag upon the ground or soil of any natural or artificial oyster bed, except for the purposes of cleaning any artificial oyster bed, aim except as hereinafter mentioned, or shall sell or offer for " sale any oysters or oyster brood, shall for each and every such offence forfeit and pay a penalty of fnot exceeding twenty pounds.' Notice is hereby given that an Inspector has been appointed by the Government to enforce the penalties provided by the Act in every case in which the law is violated." Earthquake.—The shock of an earthquake was felt by the residents of Farrell's Flat on Thursday morning, August 22, at 20 minutes past 7, its direction being from north to south. 