THE M0NT3 IN ENGLAND. (From, our own CorrasDondflnt.) * libriddn. October 25. The failure of the City of - Glasgow Bank has -caused the utmost consternation in Glasgow and ihe west ®f Scotland. It had 110 fewer than 433 branches, and was in good general repute. Its dividends were high, bat not extravagant, iaafc July it gave 12 per cent., and the-dividetiilB aor two or ttueeyeare before had ranged/about 11 percent. JLooking to the considerable reserve and =the numerous body of proprietors, 1,249, fit ap peared to be a strong Bank; and 'its £100 shares ?weie quoted the day before the collapse at £236. Its swift ruin is attributed to the large amount ?of acceptances against securities; that is to say, -billB of exchange for the most part drawn abroad i or mercantile purposes, against which the Bank iheld various depssitedsecurities. An Australian louse is' a debtor for two millions. When the failure became known the Banks were besieged Sby parties who would have nothing but' gold, and some . old ladies were observed *o be going home well laden with the sprecieus coin which they had withdrawn. A little explanation, however, sufficed to renew 'Confidence, especially us the other Scotch Banks ?courageously determined to cash the City of ?Glasgow notes. As the Bank was not a limited liability concem the whole of the deficit will be ultimately -recoverable by the creditors, the un feappy shareholders being answerable to the last ipenny fliey' possess. The business is to be 'woundup, as there is no chance of its recover ing itself, the total liabilities amounting to twelve millions, while the assets are only half ibat- sum. All the Directors and the Secretary have been .arrested on a charge of fraud, a brief examination iaviBg shown^hat they had syste inatically cooked the accounte. As may be ex pected, the Bank's collapse has brought disaster inpon many large mercantile firms in the ;North, asdday by day we have beenKeafing of the * failure of So-and-S-J for £30,000,' and so sforih, while the prevailing commercial distrust as everywhere intensified. * The 'sensation' of the hour is the electric light, which has recently been brought to an unexpected .pitch -of perfection.. It has for a long time been thought that ultimately the new light would supersede gas for large open ssp&ces; and even for large enclosed spaces, as, ' ^jriiliant as it is, it gives out no heat; but telegrams from America' hawe Informed as that -the important secret of. subdividing the light has now been mastered by Mr. Edison, and that : in all probability we shall be able to Use the jiew illuminating 'power in our households. IThis startling newB produced a panic -among gas fchareholders, and shares in even the best -Companies have gone down alarmingly, though the -sacrifice seems quite premature, for no ^--practical experiments have yet demonstrated i^feStewibility of the .wonderful new process of ^^S^n^^BB^plied to domestic purposes. In -l^Sjj?r4S^OTi^B8 is complete. One night -^7^^®iM*chtwas played at Shef ield^^ifi-^HeS^sres^teBe of 30,000 spectators, 'who v.-e&JS;&ipjEojlow; every movement of the . ^ameby XQeaStSS^p^t jets of the electric light, which produced a Total illuminating power -«qual to that of 8,000 standard candles, at a cost per hour of only 3|d. per light. I will not weary your readers with technical details. Already there are three large Companies started with the object of bringing the light into public we in this country, and the city authorities have arranged to give it an ample trial. Church matters have been prominent among -the topics of ihe month. The resent Pan Anglican Synod, at which over 100 Bishops o£ *he English Church.frcm all parts of the world ^assisted, held its deliberations in private, but -we learn from the report which has just been published that one of the gravest questions -debated was that of modern unbelief, which it -was 'generally agreed ought to be treated as -*n error to be met by argument, and not (as iii ancient days) as a sin entailing excom municstion. Surely the desirable object agreed on would have been better promoted: by the assistance of the Press at the sittings than by. the publication of a stale report which few Twsuies the clergy willsee. The anuual Church -Co igress was this year held: at Sheffield, under ihe auspices of the Archbishop of York. Here fcae great differences of opinion which exist on certain questions among thinking minds in so vast and comprehensive a body as the Anglican : Church, showed themselves markedly in one or -two instances. For example, the Bev. Mr. lEverard set himself to roundly denounce the -stage, saying they must ' give up the theatre or .give up Christ,' but his narrow views were ably duet by the liberal Bishop of Manchester, who pointed out that the stage is very much what society desires to have it, and with an improved anoral tone among the people a purer taste mast _ £uide the managers of our popular entertain ments. The ticklish problem of ' The Just Ximits of Comprehensiveness in the National -3hurck' formed another bone of contention, and the three great divergent theological sec \- lions, Ritualists, Evangelicals, and Broad * Churchmen, each made a stout fight under the leadership respectively of the Hob. C. Wood, Canon Bvle, and the Bev. Llewellyn Davies. As the thunderstorm relieves the surcharged^ atmos- phere, so the venting of the pent-up feelings of ' these religions partisans doubtless doss much to clear up involved points; and the'assemblage, well content with the result of their delibera tions, broke up amidst a chorus of general feii \- -citaticns. An Irishman who landed at New York iu the i anidst of an election was promptly seized on by the agents, and questioned as to which party he was for. 'Bedad,. I don't know,' he replied, ^ -' but I'm agin the Government.' This spirit of -opposition, it is to be feared, is inherent in many irishmen's natures, else after all that has been -done to give justice to Ireland, the- British ?Government ought surely to be able to count upon Hibernian support in a national crisis, \- when even from the Antipodes weare gladdened with spontaneous expressions of patriotic sympathy. ? We have -a (trouble of unknown ?dimensiens before us now in Afghanistan, but it \--seems that weshall have to work onr way out of it without the advantage of the aid of at least \- a, section oE Irishmen. The Nationalists are by . their newspapers venting the most jubilant ? -delight at our impending disasters, renewing the cry for separation, and vehemently declaring that 'England's difficulty is Ireland's oppor tunity.' In bygone days this outburst might lave aroused some uneasiness, but it is now -treated with contempt, and there will not be a «ingle Press prosecution in consequence. I bave spoken of the Irish Nationalists, but -these out-and-out separatists do not carry with -them tLe feelings of their countrymen so much sis do the Home Rulers. The latter, however, lave been taking action of a peculiar kind this week, delegates from all parts of the United Kingdom being assembled in ' private' confer -ence in Dublin with the object of forwarding , by more decisive and probably more unscrupu lous means than ever their cherished aim of obtaining a borne government once more. The morning papers, however,' keep us well in formed of what is going on. By the atti tude of pronounced hostility to England, -which many of the chief members of the Convention hare assumed, they have estranged the sympathies of Mr, Butt, M.P., who was their leader in Parliament, and also those of another prominent Home Ruler, Mr. Alfred Webb, who sent a letter to the private meeting referred to telling his friends that the modern revolution in the science of waif are : renders an appeal to force a perfectly insane ideapand comis*elling'a'lie^r!y InfereB'tln the affairs of the United Kmgdom as the best way' to lead to a remedy of Irish discontent.- It' is too much to hope that this Sensible counsjal will have much effect. While on Irish topics I may add that the Irish Sunday Closing Act has just come into force, being observed with quietnesB, and temperance prevailing Iii consequence. The yearly summary of the work of the Lon don School Board gives a ' most satisfactory: account of the doings of that- body, especially when it is remembered that in this metropolis more than anywhere eke the School 'Board system initiated in 1870 has been on its trial, and that here the educational deficiency was the greatest and the difficulty of meeting it was the hardest to overcome. The report in question agrees with every other authority in its testi mony to the .general success of the. system, which is rapidly superseding the voluntary schools all over the country. The school accom modation in London has been wonderfullyex tended during the seven years of the Board's existence, but the attendance has increased even more.- There are. -77 per- cent, more school- places than there were in 1871, but there are 94 per cent, more, children at school, the daily average being 339,344. This very large result of the compulsory by-laws is of course due to the fact that the voluntary schools (which for the most part are connected with the Established Church) share with the Board schools in the advantages of the Board's com pulsory work. The - standard of education and the percentage of puses steadily improves, and to these gratifying circumstances must be added the all-important . consideration that there has been a great decrease -of juvenile crime in the meantime, and that this decrease, will presently react upon the adult criminafc elass, by cutting off the supply of its recruits. It seems that the man who is- least at liberty to avenge a gross' injury by physical chastise' ment is he who iff by profession a combatant, in my last letter I mentioned a scandalous case in whieh Lieut. Chapman, of the 21st ' Boyal Scots, had seduced, the wife of a brother officer, Lieut. Lambert, and I related the summary manner in which the latter resected the in dignity by strikingChapman; Puttie sympathy is all on the side of the/ outraged hus band, who could hardly have been con demned by a Jury of his countrymen if he' had shot his man. Military authority, ion the other hand, recognises ^nothing of the' provoca tion, and. whatever t-f pains and penalties it has to bestow are heaped- upoa the uafortunate Lieut. Xambart, who, after being degraded in the eyes of ,the 'army: by :. a suspension -for 'breach of discipline' has now'been tried by a Court-martial and reprimanded. As he ;had been allowed to resume duty before the trial the proceedings-were^ntkely1 illegal; and the strange notion of equity which influenced the Judges is well calculated! to bring contempt upon Courts- martial as an institution. Two frightful accidents have occurred, both of which belong: to the preventible class of casualties. Ia the one .case a-f alse cry of ' fire' caused au unreasoning panic in the Coliseum Theatre at Liverpool; and in the rush to escape tfce audience were jammed in the.narrow door way, and 37 persons were choked or squeezed to death, while : many others were injured for life. The miscreant who raised the cry has- not been discovered. The. second calamity was on the Taff Vale' Railway, at Ponty pridd, near Cardiff, iii Wales. It i& the old story. Somebody made a mistake, ficine empty carriages were shunted across the wrong line into a full train which was rushing along at a good speed, and 12 human lives were sacrificed and 50 unhappy passengers were maimed and mutilated. Yet we are assured tLat by the use of simple mechanical means, which every engineer approves, such disasters could be rendered impossible. Probably the plan of interlocking signals and points will now be adopted at Pontypridd, as they have been at Sittingbourne, where a similar accident 'hap- pened last month. At any rate the example of the latter place has been followed in making a scapegoat of an unlucky signalman. I regret to say that duriDg the month there has been no revival of trade, and that every in dustry is in a most depressed condition. Iu the North the ironmasters and workmen have found it necessary to submit a case to their Arbitration Committee, of which Mr. Chamber lain, M.P, for Birmingham, is President, and this gentleman has declared that the already reduced wages of the men must be farther lowered 5 per cent. It has been a bad year for farmers, prices being low, although the crops were fair, and this week a great meeting of the laborers in Kent and Sussex has been held to deliberate upon a thi^atened reduction of 3d. (with the alternative of a lock- out) in their miserable earnings of 2s. 6d. a day, -without board and lodging. And this is with winter and scanty work staring them in the face. It is to be hoped that the landlords, by a modification of rents, may obviate the necessity for so desperate a step, and I think it will be settled that only wages above 15s. shall be altered. Meanwhile people in London are raising an outcry against the priae of bread, which is 7d. and 8d. the quartern loaf, while wheat is only about 40s. a quarter, or 12s. less than it was at this time last year. It is said that the bakers form a ' ring,' and settle their prices irrespective of the cost of wheat. If so, co-operative stores are sure to be set up soon to teach them a lesson in moderation. The musical season has nowfairiycommenced, and those enthusiastic people who have been for some months in a state of ' musical starva tion' will soon be able to enjoy a feast of good things. Great concerts by Societies old and new are announced in the usual form, and be sides Italian operas at Her Majesty's others in English are to have a turn at Drury-laue Theatre. And what of music among the masses ? Happily a love for it and a knowledge of it are steadily spreading, and this very largely through the agency of the Tonic Sol-Fa system. I dis claim any intention of being an apostle of this fo:m of musical instruction, with which I am only slightly acquainted, but I see every day the testimony of leading musicians as to the tutotantial results it has achieved where all was barrenness before, anl I speak of these 'hings as a matter of mere justice as well as a financial interest. I fiud Dr. Stainer, the well known composer and organist of St. Paul's Cathedral, who was once an opponent of the system, now emphatically declaring that Tonic Sol-Fa is able to reach and teach people whom it would be impossible to reach through the diffi culties of the staff notation, and I think the fact cannot be too often repeated that if we are ever to wipe away the reproach of being an un musical nation, it must be not by the training of a few brilliant performers, but by the culti vation of musical taste among the million. ' It is a fine day, let us go and kill something' — a saying which sums up the intelligent foreigner's notion of an Englishman's sport, has become literally true of pheasant shooting, which begins with this month, and which possesses little excitement save that of whole sale slaughter. The pheasant is still called 'game,' and he is as much an object of un seemly dispute between his licensed and un licensed enemies as ever, but he is an artificial manufactured creature, whose abun dance or scarcity depends entirely upon the number of eggs placed under the barn-door fowl which hatches them. The season of Iccltues having again arrived, the sportsman may now be seen daily taking his stand at the- end of an alley which has been cut in the underwood for his convenience, and down which he blazes away to his heart's de light at the bevies of birds which, roused by the beaters, quietly stalk before him. One peculiarity about, the pheasant is that whereas each bird costs a guinea to the squire who rears and preserves it, you 'can buy as many as you like for four shillings apiece after somebody has bad the pleasure of knocking the life out of them. 'We have been enjoying our ' Indian summer,' a succession of still, dry, and bright days, which, in their mellow beauty, constitute the plessantest season of the whole year for out door pursuits. Preparatory runs with stag and foxhounds and harriers have shown that un usually good promise exists for the coming hunting season. This is welcome news, for the delights of the chase are as dear as ever to the j -?' --??? .f. ...l fi-.i *-.&: v* -.*'-.- f\ ''-r ? .:? Tfe&rT; oT/lhe Bio^ means of gratifying them grow fine by degrees and anything , but beautifully lem. .Bow changed, is our national sport of fox-granting I: Old-fashioned descendants of high-blooded squires there yet are who will admit of ho de generate innovations; but- while they WnV still find foxes in their coverts, and enjoy a run in the good old style, not a few ardent NiinronaJMere* to be content, with the pursuit of imported representatives 'of lie vulpine' race, which go by the disparaging name of '^Bagged' French- men.' The latter have the— advantage., of. . securing eport of a certain kind,, and they are doubtless especially appreciated1 bjrthe gfentle menwhd take a thirty- mile trip by rail, assist at a ' kill' or two, and get back to their busi ness in town fey 1. After all it is well said of fox-hunting that the men like it, the horses like it, and so do the dogs, and there is -no-proof - that the fox does not.- With so much in its favor there is no fear- of the sport .-declining while foxes remain to be hunted. The fashion . for ladies to attend the 'meets' is if anything on the increase. ..?'?? A clerk in the Liverpool branch of the Bank of England, Earned William Stafford, has been proving the. force of the maxim, 'Honesty is the best policy.' He had been building '' Castles in Spain,' and having selected a fair damsel to share those visionary edifices with him, he provided the means of gratifying his aspirations fer sudden fortune by absconding with £15,000 in bank sotea in company with the girl. He hired a yacht wherein to start to the country of Oil Bias, and had tried to induce a friend to join him, -handing him over about £2,000 of the plunder. However, the friend had his doubts about the rapid accession of wealth, and taking, come of the stolen notes to a Bank was arrested. The whole story came «at, and a prompt use of the telegraph : caused the yacht to be -de- tained in Jersey, where the thief was captured. He was as mach a fool as a koave, for of course payment of the notes had been promptly stopped: ' He now awaits his trial. ''?..??'?? . . - The perplexing subject of spiritualism has : been severely let alone of late^and, in truth, we : have become somewhat no well- of it. ?- An amus ing instance of donbtful manifestations has just : occurred which has attracted a passing notice, : though it leaves believers and sceptics much as they - were-. Two mediums hitherto, accredited as', honest,.. and' who .'were well-known inj London', visited Amsterdam in~ the pur snit of their vocation, and were welcomed; - by a circle of Dutch spiritualists; - Messrs. Williams T and Rita had held seance?^ there before, and some of their previous T manifesta tions had seemingly beea. a little unsatisfactory eventorthose who put faith-iBrthe genuineness of the supernatural phenomena in general, and this time a look-out was kept against trickesy. The materialised ghosts of a certain 'John. King5' and 'Charlie^, were . expected to .show themselves, and sure ' enough they appeased, when one of the Mynheers straightway wenir for 'Charlie.' Great confusion followed. Lights weseturnedup,and-.theEaglishmenwereanxious to retire, but a dozen infuriated Dutchmen surrounded them,, and on their being searched they were found to have in their possession a baud-bag containing wigs and othest stage *? properties,' which enabled two of the.-, seeptics to make up an exact semblance of th$*supposed spirits. This is the Dutchmen's stacy. The . Englishmen allege that they are the- victims of a corspiracy, and they deny all knowledge df the damning contents of the hand-bag. The witnesses are- twelve to -two, and I must ask your readers- to be good enough, to arrive at a verdict fox themselves. Death has. been particularly t-asy this -mouth among our public men. Lord Chelmsford has been calkd away at the adcaaced ageof£4. His Lordship was a true specimen of the 'fine old English gentleman.' He was a Conservative, and was Lord Chancellor tinder the late,Earl Derby's Ministry ; and it is-rather singular that, had bis narrow views prevailed on the subject of Jewfeb emancipation, ouje present premie; would have still been knocking in vain at the doors of Parliament. Sir Francis Grant, the distinguished painter, and President of the Royal Acade-ny, and Mr. George Thomson, one of the last survivors of those who promoted the great anti slavery agitation, have also died at ripe ages. A well-known voice and form that will ba missed from the Houbb are those of good Mr. VThalley, whoEe chief crotchets were that he lived in constant dread of Jesuit ' conspiracies under mining our 'national faith and freedom, aud that he . in season and out of season championed the cause of the now im prisoned claimant to the Tich borne estates. The death of ilr. Justice Keogh has Created a painful interest, as it removes a very vigorous and striking personality from the Irish Bench under distressing circumstances. Few men had in greater perfection the forejasic faculty of pre senting facts in such a way that the statement had the force of an argument. It was of Mr. Keogh that a discomfited advocate who had lost a case wittily observed that the Judge had won. Tet there was at no time any reason to doubt the impartiality of his decisions, what ever might be thought in some instances of the discretion of his language. The famous Gal way election petition in 1872 elicited from Mr. Keogh a judgment which was one of the most remarkable judicial documents ever issued. It dealt ia scathing terms with the gross intimidation put in force bv the Roman Catholic local priests to secure the return of their adopted candidate, and it raised a perfect storm of angry feeling amoDgst the clerical party. From that day the Judge was pursued with their hatred, the more bitterly as he himself was au Irishman and a Catholic. His health finally broke down under their attacks. He lost his reason, but ids affliction failed to move the pity of his persecutors in the least degree, aud it is, therefore, perhaps not surprising that the Irish seditious Press has found satisfaction in the most virulent aspersions of his memory. His Excellency the Governor held a Council on Wednesday, at which four Ministers were present. The following interesting letter from Mr. J. Boothby, C.M.G. (Special South Austra lian Commissioner to the Paris Exhibition), has been received by Mr. C. J. Coates: — 'I have shipped per steamer te your address 16 bushels . of seed wheat, which I hope you will get all right. America has bought 200 bushels of it, and Victoria and New South Wales have also bought some. The keeper of the Queen's Farm reports that he got 60 bushels an acre this season from it. Mold expects that in Australia the quality will improve, but the quantity be less. You should sell it about 15s. a bushel, in lots of one bushel, to such farmers as will report on it. He only sows one bushel to the acre, as the plant requires plenty of room to start out. I should like Dr. Scbomburgk to try some in the Garden or Park. I have also shipped a combined winnower, corn-elevator, bag-filler, and self weighing-machine.. It is quite a success, and really saves two men out of four in cleaning and bagging. The labor of lifting the grain in filling, &c;, is saved, and of weighing also. Each bag, moreover, will contain exactly the game quantity of grain if desired, in itself a great convenience. The weights are not sent ; they are procurable in Adelaide of course. I should like this machine to be shown in opera tion. I have no doubt our machinists will im prove upon it. It can be readily applied to side delivery winnowers. The price, as you will see, of the additional portion required is only about £6 or £7 It is said that tfce grain may be elevated without any perceptible difference in the power required to work an ordinary winnower.' 