WITHOUT A THEATRE. It is astonishing that Launceston with its many capitalists, men of pleasure and ladies who long to see a dramatic performance; cannot boast of a theatre worthy tho name. The old relic of. for mer greatness, which is now pulled down and has given place to an embryo Odd fellows' Hall with a frontage of shops, _— ?-*» in Z-t-rt Ttrn tt n ;- rtf 111 O V\ n tArtlr fno t*H_ WHO 1U lur) Vtm'J uowi.it* (vllu. uwiv uuo m proach away from us, however mouldy the walls and ancient its structure may have been. Now the smallest .Eng lish, nay colonial own can boast its ' Theatre Royal' while we — i-well we have our churches and chapels, and are happy. Even Hobart Town sees a Scott Siddons occasionally, but wo are content with '.; recitations, as a dramatic troupe worthy the name will not visit. our town —at least not more than once, as their best productions cannot be shown to the public to advantage. As a painful in stance of this, it is known to all that when the opera of- the Bohemian Girl was played some time ago, both at the Pavilion and the Mechanics' Institute, half the scenic effects, had to bo omitted simply through want of appliances, and Lyster's troupe . left us never to re turn, if not disgusted — filled with dis content. Our concerts are largely pat ronised — surely the discriminating audi ences would visit a well acted rendition of one of Shakespeare's plays and appreciate it. Who visit us now ? Music Hall variety troupes, ventriloquists, panoramas, and such wise, anil they pall upon the senses eventually. Even tho 'ghost' retires in :disgust at the want of soaio kind of building where the audience will not be frozen to death, or. the required apparatus crippled for want of room. Companies are formed to work mines, to build houses, to lend money out at interest, but the building of a theatre seems too wild a scheme to enter tho heads of our speculators as a feasible scheme for inakiug money. A Oreswick visiting us would take us out of ourselves — not because of himself individually, but because of the great works to which he gives a local habita tion and a name. Hamlet to the most learned of us is but a name, not an indi viduality. Claude Melnolte would bo far better in the flesh, than in printed books. The drama keeps us en rapport with the events of tho clay, tho signs of the times and the dovelopemont of civilisation, even as books written by progressive master-minds, but to the un lettered even more so, for they act as well drawn pictures which, those who are unable to road can understand. Throughout past ages the stage and its accessories — apart from the innovations of ballet dancing and its concomitants, have been the reflex of the times, and greatly shaped and been shaped by the times themselves. Diokens wrote many works, but Bleak House was unknown to thousands till -(Joe' was produced, and then half London flocked to sec and hear ! David Copperfiold dramatised did more than David Copporfiokl simply in print, and to this day the history of tho betrayed girl makes thousands think who never thought before. It may be urged that the drama has a demoralising tendency on the young, but there are black sheep in every flock, Those who turn up their eyes in horror at 'Orphee Aux Enfer,' and tho 'Can Can' admit the immortality of Shakespeare, Sheri dan, Lytton, and others who but for the drama would have been unknown to fame. There is nothing wrong in the stage itself — it may point a moral as well as the best good story book, and more forcibly; the danger lies in tho modern licentious or pruriently sugges tive element introduced to pander to depraved tastes that have outlived better things — the tastes of the worn out debauchee, the timewbrn libertiue. Our great dramatists, those of modern times more refined, those of past ages out spokenly coarse, according to the ideas of their day, never wrote for such as these. They wrote for fame or to benefit their species. It is only the ephemeral small if sparkling geniuses Of yesterday and to-day, who live'for the minute in a spuri ous popularity, and give place in a short time to others who introduce more bal let dancing, suggestive episodes, and thinly clad women, who in their turn retire for worse than they till tho Lord Chamberlain steps in, then things re form for a while. Why should not Launceston have a theatre — the popula tion is large enough to support one, there is as much superfluous money to be spent in pleasure as at the other side of tho island, and as many pleasure seek ers. It cannot for a moment be denied that a good, theatre with proper accom modation, would prove a remunerative concern to whomsoever was enterprising enough to build one., A company, if once floated, would no doubt pay the shareholders, as many dramatic troupes, of a higher standing than those which very occasionally visit us, would be sure to take our little town in their tours, and the expense after the building was erected would be nearly nominal. The returns of a few years would remunerate speculators, and an inexpressible boon would be conferred on tho whole public. One reproach would at least bo wiped off from our «nd of the island, and we wonld strongly advise that some effort bo made in view of dramatic representa tions being placed properly before the people when opportunity offers. 