THE SKETCHER. SEVEN HUNDRED MILES IN A BUGGY. BY A LADY PIONEEB. (CONTINUED.) Cannonbar, the township we reached that afternoon, is a forsaken-looking place-very few houses, small church where ser- vice is occasionally held by the incumbent of Warren, and three hotels. In one of these hotels a very daring robbery was com- mitted about two years ago, the robber entering the bedroom occupied by a local bank manager, and getting the keys of the safe from him by exhibiting a revolver. We reached Willaroon, a selection where there is a post-office, and where the coaches change horses, late that afternoon, bought some bread and mutton, and drove on a few miles further to the Bogan River, where we camped for the night beside a small waterhole. On our way to Nidgery next day, we passed a place known as " the Murdering Stumps." Some 20 years ago Mr. Faithfufl took up country here to form a station, and set some of his men to work at cutting down trees for the posts and rails of a stockyard. It is the stumps of these trees, still standing as the men left them, which have received the dreadful name above given, and enclose what is pointed out as haunted ground. The story runs that nine men were busy getting the timber, when a number of blacks got the party to separate, probably in search of some lost traveller cooeying among the then surround- ing scrub, and having thus dispersed their unsuspecting victims, killed them one by one. An old mailman, who had to camp at the Stumps one night, owing to the coach breaking down, is stated to have declared that he saw the ghosts of the ill-fated fencers flitting about their unfinished work, and heard un earthly " cooeys" from the forest. But per- haps a few restless coach passengers trying several spots of ground in turn to find out which was softest, while the curlews' screams came long and wild from the encircling dark- ness, may have caused him that night of terror. Whilst following the course of the Bogan that day, seeking a place at which to stop for our midday meal, it was some time before we could get a waterhole fit either for our own use or that of the horses. One after another, as we drew near, proved to be pol luted by decaying carcases of cattle which had "got bogged* while drinking. At one waterhole we counted eight dead and dying beastB, some of the latter deeply sunk in the mud. and seemingly awaiting death with the apathy of despair; others, less hopelessly engulfed, still able to struggle a little at timeB, and others only just entangled in that slough of despond. It was a miserable sight, and we could do nothing to help them, but had just to turn our backs on the poor suf- fering creatures and leave them to their bitter fate; so we drove a good way further on to make sure of leaving such painful scenes " out of sight," if not " out of mind." Some years ago in Victoria, during some such time of drought, it was not unusual for valuable horses to be shot by their owners to save them from the lingering agonies of famine. Perhaps it is too much to say that this example might well be followed by stockowners elsewhere. Certainly there would be difficulties on large runs and amongst ex- tensive flocks or herds in dealing a swift and merciful death to those perishing slowly and in torment from hunger or thirst But surely no energetic and right-minded man, remem bering tne many provisions for the welfare of the "Deasts tbat perish," made in the Law as given at first, and not ignorant of the teach ings of a later Word, would be easily hin dered. despite some small expense and trouble, from shortening in as merciful a way as lay within his power the misery of as many of his and his Maker's helpless dumb creatures as he is unable otherwise to save from such pangs, as were endured by those unfortunate cattle on the Bogan, and the wretched sheep we saw a few days before. We got to Nidgery early in the afternoon, and put up for the night at the small hotel which stands on a selection opposite the sta- tion of that name, and which was a clean, comfortable little place. The coach from Orange to Bourke came in some time after wards, bringing a full freight of passengers to share the hostelry with us. The noises which came from the quarters occupied by our fellow-sojournera might have led us to fancy that a party of celestials were enraged close beside us in frightening away an eclipse, after the wont of their nation; but knowing our neighbours to be Europeans, we coulda not suspect them of anything so irrational. One thing we always consoled ourselves with when we lost a night's rest at any of these places through the harmonic attempts, of people who were drinking in adjoining apartments, and that was that if the quality of the liquors consumed was to be judged of by the music produced under their influence, the vocalists were more to be pitied than those they deprived of rest. The jovial crew were removed at an early hour, by an inflexible mailman, and we break- fasted in peace an hour afterwards, and had the satisfaction of driving up to a store in Gongolgin to purchase the wherewithal for our dinner, not long after the coach had drawn up in front of an hotel close by. The driver at once issued a peremptory order of "All aboard." and by the tame we had bought some biscuits and filled the water-bag at the river, Her Majesty's mails were again leading the way. As for us, we made no attempt to win the place of pride, but were well content to stay for an hour or two in the shade of a group of ancient gum trees, light our fire and make our coffee; while Bayard and Conde found, for the first time in their joqmey, some dry, sweet grass, and a little green herbage, and of these made a light, but doubtless enjoyable, meal. It is 20 miles from Nidgery to Gongolgin, and 26 more to the Pink-hills, where we stayed that night. The inn at the latter place is kept, as is usual on this route, by a selector, and is a good building of red brick. This is one of the many places in this region where it is affirmed that one eats "goat" under the name of "mutton". If this be true it is a pity "goat" is not more com- monly used as food. For our parts, we called it " venison," and found it very accept- able after a drive of 46 miles, and a luncheon of biscuits, and cheese. Here, too, there were plenty of eggs, butter, bacon, and milk, which last we had generally been obliged to " find ourselves " in, from a small stock of the Swiss-Alpine condensed article which we carried with us. On Friday afternoon we reached Bourke, having rested during the heat of the day at a deserted selection near Mount Oxley, The mount itself, with a little inn near it, where the coach puts up, stands about half way between Pink-hills and Bourke. We pur- posed remaining in this metropolis of Central Australia long enough to procure some goods in addition to those we had sent out some three months before, consigned to a neighbour who-had kindly given us store room for a time; to engage a few men to work at yard-making, dam-building, and so on; to get in some horses of ours which were running near the township; and to give Bayard and Conde a rest before proceeding further on our way. A week, we thought, would be sufficient for our stay; and even this short detention we endured somewhat unwillingly, for. the drover in charge of our cattle had sent a telegram from Cunnamulla, a Queensland township about 150 miles from our place, of his having got so far, and of the feed and water en route being plentiful. So Daleel wished to be out at Bindanna as soon as possible after the cattle, if he could not be there to take delivery on their arrival. We got everything we wanted to make up our complement of stores for the summer, engaged a horse-driver to take them out on our dray; found two contractors, who agreed to take our yard-building, &c.;, and to start, with their dray and horses, at once. Then our draught horses were got in from the place where they had been at grass, and the two drays set off together before the end of the week. This was a good beginning; but, do what we would, we ourselves could not get away, for want of horses. Out of seven we should have taken with us, all we could muster, after a fortnight's search and reward offered, were a venerable mare and her son, a handsome chesnut colt, who " knew not spur nor rein," being still unbroken. At last, on Sunday night after church, when we had nearly made up our minds that Daleel must buy a horse of some sort, ride off alone, and come back for us when things at Bindanna should have been got into working order, we walked over to the town herdsman's cottage to inquire once more whether anything had been seen or heard of the runaways. To our surprise and delight there they were, com- fortably shut up in his yard, eating bush hay. This bush hay-a substance which, to our eyes, seems fitted only for the making of yard brooms-but for which they of the equine and bovine sorts must, in those regions, find appetite or starve-forms the diet supplied to one's horses when stabled at any of the hotels, and is charged for under the cabalistic sign "B.H." at the rate of 10s. per day for each animal so nourished. Bourke itself -- its many and excellent stores and comfortable and well- conducted inns; its good public buildings, and the contrasting shabbiness of the many mere " shanties " in which some of the townspeople are content to dwell; its sociable people, and its dirty untidy streets-we shall not now stay to describe. Early on Monday morning we were ready to resume our journey. We had sent some of our luggage on by the dray, so that the load on the buggy would have been much lighter than formerly, only that now we had to carry a tent, blankets, and a larger supply of provisions than was necessary where we could buy what we wanted from day to day. The kind- ness of the many friends we found on our way from Bourke to Bindanna made the precautions we had taken against famine seem almost absurd. But how could we know beforehand that instead of living on petrified biscuits, candied jam, and saline crystallisa- tions attractively labelled as fish, flesh, or fowl of divers sorts, we should find manna in the wilderness, in the familiar shapes of beef and mutton, loaves of home-made bread, sponge-cakes, eggs, tins of fresh butter, and bottles of milk, which the kind folks we encountered as we went used to wrap up for us before we left their homes-carrying them out in huge packages to the buggy, and de positing them therein, regardless of our Yea or Nay ? There is a punt across the Darling at Bourke, but the river being very low we drove to the ford opposite to West Bourke the New Township, as the older Bourkeites call the half-dozen buildings up the river, where the traffic of teams and travelling Stock is sufficient to support two hotels and a store. We found no difficulty in driving across, Dido following us on horseback, having now, like Marmion's Constance, " -- bowed her pride, A horseboy in our train to ride," and attired for the equestrian feats with which she afterwards astonished herself and amused us quite as appropriately as her fairer prototype, though with some difference in the matters of cost and becomingness. We reached a station near the junction of the Darling and Culgoa late that afternoon, and very pleasant was the low lean-back chair on its cool verandah, with sweet scents of mignonette and geranium blowing in with the evening wind, after our day's drive over the sultry plain. It was not till next day that our real diffi culties began. It was then we found that our outrider had enough to do to keep her seat without driving spare horses, and lead ing one which carried a pack-saddle it was making constant efforts to shake off. So, after Dido had performed various flying gallops round us, disappeared once or twice into the timber, ana lost her temper, her equilibrium, and all the horseB, it came to this, that a person who had hitherto made merry over tne discomfiture of others, enjoying, free from care, the wild alarm of the rescued and the frantic gallops of the rescuer, mounted on a barebacked steed hastily unharnessed from the buggy, was suddenly called upon to drive for the rest of the day, and haa to admit, though incom petent, that there was no help for it. So poor Dido brought her sore bones and her sulks into the buggy, and took care of the youngest member of the party, whilst his mother bent all iher energies to the com bined tasks of driving and of learning how. We did 30 miles that day, which was not so bad considering the delays which had be fallen us, and the sandy nature of the soil we had to pass over during the latter portion of the way. We camped that evening on a water hole, pitched our tent, and gathered a good supply of timber for the lire, as it was raining slightly and a wet night seemed approaching. However, the good fortune which we had hitherto enjoyed did not now i forsake us, for the nun kept off' till next' night; when we were no longer dependent on the shelter of a calico tent- Next day our way lay through a succession of sandy ridges, bearing close-set ranks of pinto, which, in the dignified primness of their Symmetrical contour and their storied branches, were an agreeable variety after so many days of the gam tree and its kindred, with their fantastic 'contortions. About noon we apprp&ched; a pine ridge so pretty that it had all the appear ance of a carefully-tended plantation, tnough nature alone was gardener here-and just beyond this we came to a homestead so neat and commodious, with its long French windows opening on a broad verandah, bordered by a strip of garden, enclosed by a low fence, its wide entrance-hall, and its cool airy rooms, as to be quite worthy of itB lovely forest surroundings. It rained heavily that afternoon and during the night, and next day the horses -which were put into the buggy to relieve those which had hitherto borne the burthen of the journey proved so intractable that the morning waa well ad vanced before we started. (To be continued.) 