J #0imrm0olk. 7 ^VBTRAjjlAk...Kim^'-STOaT?.' BY DONALD CAMERON. Author of " Scripopolis," - , eic;: . ; Deab, ChTudiien.—I can see -you, ' all on; -this. .pleasant ..Christmas afternoon. The - elders, are playing.: cricket on • -the parched open, the younger are romping, under the shade of the gum trees, or slumbering on-the grass,' fearless -of the, slimy snake that may be coiled • not far off.: , And the gluttons of the flockj -:who' have .partaken; too much of the tempting tart or tho, dyspeptic plum-pudding,, recline in idleness,.like, youngr boa- conastrictors; whomust hybernate a-bitbefore they are able.to. fnsk about. : Well, dear boys and girls; it. is too warm to exert oneself on such a day. and, therefore;^ come, and gather around me,' your innocent faces all wonderment; andlisten to, .a."., pleasant.-fairy.:, .tale,' -all .v.about': Australia, and with none of those terrible ghosts and phantoms • with which your cousins in ; England . are .••• now- .being regaled,, while treated round the roaring firelistenmgto:Grannie'stales, " Afraid to whisper for the f»ar .. ,,"-X)f-£omethingtemble J aia-d 'near."'. - It wasn' t many years ago when Harry Smith gave up city life and took up a' 'selection.in a-wild: part of the countiy where the soil was good, the water plentiful, and the forest deep.' A great brawny man was -Harry, huge of limb, kind oiebeart, strong ot muscle, just the' kind of man wei want in'this new land -And he had a loving, 1 hard-working wife,; who made the. jouruey of life pleasant to! him,'.and two handsome. children, Willie and Bessie, who were ten and .«ght-years,of age. '. Their parents loved them, and of an .evening, when the work of grubbing and ...ploughing was Over, and the clearing fires burned brilliantly, husband.and wife sat. in -their hut aud taught .-their childrenwhatever - jtheyknew, themselves. in the knowledge of this world,..and.reverently mteipreted tOs them'the teachings of that saered book "which should be a guide and a lamp to our feet. And a bright, peaceful life - Willie and Bessie never tired of roam-; ing nt the-forestB, s'earchirig for flowers nmx - - fernsj- ACI UOj seeking . AJJfi in ^ yfiin. ypm to i,u catch wiM-ij a ghmpse of. the melodious bell-bird, I whose glorious elorious sons, hearcl in the' J reccsses of the wood, of ta-ta-ta-taye-wattee,' t wa8 : like a»fliren voice t.o them, j nbw having j si vision-of the strange Ij're- i bird, then catching a siirbt of the swift, kangaroo, as it bounded by, or looking for the nests 'of-'the rosellas and cockar toos. In their wanderings they had I dropped across many windfalls and picked up -several pets. There was Mag, -the-'magpie; whose existence was spent ill' a cyele 'of curiosity;^alternately pluck-j ing "up young-plants by , the roots, to' see how they grew. and hiding everythins; that-tte.thought-valuable,/from-.ai pin to a big spoon; It was the children's opinion that no creature in the. world could'cock.an eye and turn a head so shrewdly as Mag. They found her a featherless, disreputable-looting: nestling, just fallen out of the nest; one rainv day, and brought her home, she becoming their first pet. Mag had been taught somenaughty words by the man-Harry employed occasionally to help him, but several douses of cold , water had cured her of the -failing, and she was careful never to indulge in the prohibited lingo'except when at a safe distance, and when engaged in encounters with predatory crows, whose thefts Mag cordially hated, though herself the biggest thief that ever walked upon two legs, i But Mag; • no i ; doubt, - resembled some i servants, who scruple- not-to rob their imaster, but- '-who " fly into a terrible rage if others poach upon theirpreserves. Kext to Mag was -Cocky, the cockatoo, iand between the two no love - was lost, though-each united m; common warfare against poor Tibby, the tortoiseshell cat. These two would watch puss until they saw her stretch'herself: on the doorstep; in the sun, to-have a:iiap,* and>tlien both would peck at her, and fly tiff to the palings "and shriek - with delight. : Cocky wus the drollest of all birds, and went about imploring everyone to .'scratch -his, poll. '' Occasionally he would wander away, and, after an absence of a day. or two, return considerably' damaged.' -He would be very silent and «ad for a while, andwould mope onhis perch; occasionally, 'ejaculating, with much fervour, " Poor C^cky." In -v addition to these • -. pets there were -fowls; 'dogs, 'parrots; from-the plain but intelligent rosella to the gorgeous 1 but dumb - king-parrot; a .native bear; who slept *all'day, and two unique creatures, " Joey the kangaroo, and. .Pipit the kangaroo rat. Joey was a.: :dear, qmet thing, , with great; -mild-eyesi' iwlo followed the children • everywhere, and over whom Rover, the intelligent; colley,. kept.watch; while Pipitjhad- to', be. kept, in. a box, '„and ,great was the diversion he gave'. . Hej was'fed oh bread and milk, and it would -.make the most surly mortal laugh'to see hirii Bit up on his hind paws and: wash his face with •his paws .as daintily as a" lady.:. -, ; Well,-I dare say . you are asking where . is the iairy. Well; -children, learn to be patient. ' J :I' wanted to J sht>w you. how happy Willie and BfiSsievwere; and liow naughty it was of them to become discontented with their lot. This is how they became" discontented; : They, were never allowed to, enter a dense rWood at the back of the :hut.. This; -wood exercised, quite an infatuation Over them. On' dark nights they stood ^t the back-door, and looked out mto its glo'omy-recesses, e and ; wondered what creaturea jmade: their abode : m.it.- -Ot moonlit iights they "watched ; the. strange mmgling -of light and shadow, the waving of the brauches, and shuddered as - they listened to the deep 'sighs of- the breeze as xit . passed - ^through/-1 the- mopoke, inopoke," of the night-owl, the sharp cry of the .dingo,.and,the .monrnful*.wail of the curlew. 3ii dayffin«, "especially in summer, how-pleasant,seemed its-cool recesses. . And,; yet, I .warrant -jnuch,<of. its charm wa-s owing to its, beingr for-, bidden to them. ; They.inherited:. Eve's r failing. ~ ' f' ' -iOne day their parents were burning off rubbish on the land Milearecl - for the plough; arid 'fhe.tWo 'wero sitting alone under a tree, with 'their pets all arouhd thom—Cocky engaged in aA enco'untcr With th'e cat, and. Maggie industriously hiding, pebbles,- ? ,under . the impressioxiyr perhaps,'that they-were;diamondsi -'?' 1 > "^Couldn't -we just go a 'iltle'bit in?" queried Bessie, lilting .her.; sun-browned-' iace to Willie's in a pleading way. K Oh! womanj ever since Eve, the No, Bessiej'f iaid Willie,we 1 can't.'; Eather Says'he'llibipat/us if (we do, and mother'says-the blacks 11 -liill.usr* And yowknow that Nanny,-the old gin, said that the Great Tree Spirit, Ooroomoolia, lived m there." * " *_ ' "flh" Saia BesBie with a great show of shiewdnesS, "I don't0beheve what' "they said, r You. know mother told us j foi trying "it ?" a slretl Willie. , , „ "Tes; but they won't find,-ua' cut 1 ; this"thne." tiVeefi'Beasln ^'^They "'tVi.tt -S^r.4' won'i ooms home till the gun is going down." ] £-Now, if Willie lad been very strong on. the"pfciiriti'I'daresay be would,not have! given in toiBessie; but,he wasn't;-he. was i jiist'as-eager as'his sister,, only he ,didn 1 tj like to show it.; Selfish fellow, like Adam, i ho thought ifanytbipg wrong came of'it, j and theescapad e was discovered, ihe would' be able, as Adam did, to throw the; blame on the gill.- : And so, after a little: further argument; :he gave in, and pre-; tended to follow her -reluctantly, when in reality he was as eager as herself. ' -Ifwas a still, hot day; no wind blew,, no cloud dimmed ' the :deep blue sky or its'golden horizon; and yet ::the warmth was ; not-- oppressive; for the. heat was dry,' and there was no miasma or moisture in the air,• •which rwas-clear and pleasant to breathe; 1 though; attenuated..: In,- the forest there-was a deep shade, a pleasant silence; a-great seuse of rest.. The birds had taken to shelter in -the thick: foliage of the cherry and apple trees, and the noisyvoices of the magpies, cockatoos, and other loquacious- habitants,' of the wood were silenced.' The cicada sang, it is true, but with a subdued chirp that seemed- to - make a part of the silence. Only now and then the sweet notes of of-the bell-bird s welled upon the air, and its aerial-melody enchanted the ear;. : -The children wandered on-through the wood hand in hand; looking out for the wonders which they expected to find there. But there came nothing. No ogre peeped out from behind a tree—only a kangaroo-rat, disturbed in its nest, jumped up beforo them. No old crone, on child's -flesh intent; hobbled up—only a great black snake, that lay on the path; ^uncoiled itself:: and>mppled away through the grass —th at, I think, is the best term to use for the movement of a snake. ! -It 'was ' refreshing for the children.' to come to a small watercourse that ran i through the wood, cheerily singing as it i ^passed- over- the pebbles and stones; The day was so warm that Willie at once proposed: what is known in the country as a "-bogie," that is a bath in the limpid streamy and hehad half undressed, when, on the other side of the little nil, he beheld a graceful lizard basking in .the sun. Surely never bad-gem such colours, for'as the sunbeams danced over it, blue, gold, green, - flashed- . out dazzlingly; Bessie peered over Willie's shoulder, and ; Willie .was - worinug up his courage .to Igrasp'the pretty thmgj when,- presto.! .: itiseemed'to *fade,"and -in its -place arose a: bluerwinged .butterfly. The children jhacl^o hesitation in.running after this airy ...creature, -.and,.-; heedless that.fthey. were bare-footed and in dishabille; off they .started to. catch the lovely ? thmg. T.'he-phase-was not long, for .the butterfly 'alighted ,onthe grass, and in its place appeared ^a.-rbeautiful .parasol i. flower, : richly crimsoned. -The children were about to seize.this when it vanished,- and' there was only a- dry .fuzzytead, as a iind of daisy-like flower is called, the seeds ofwhich are. .contained'-in. ,a fuzzyrkmd head. "J wonder.-where the pretty thing's gone ?" queried Willie. • : - , .- c.r , .".Where all Fancy^s,children go," Baid a deep ^roice^: and,' -turning roundvinj affnght. they saw a tall, black man, who ;was. watchmg, ,theml with aji-venomous look. -;"-I>was;the lizard,-the ^butterfly, ,the,fiower;:.-,. Te. arevlike older -children,, ye , fly after, .what- ls pretty and bnght; . and" leave solidity i and.; safety belund. Under that guise I lured you into my dominions, and ye are now mine, mine." - "JBut you must, set them the task,"., said another voice, and, looking round, the:children..Baw a-jgolden-Jiaired lady,, wonderfully, .resemhlmg a wattle-tree m blossom,, if,rit- hadcrfeatures-and form. r ' I.claim ,them »a mine, the - children of ^fche wattle blossom." ' :The x boyr: and girl .now saw that the black man vastly resembled an ironbark-tree. " ,"Npt jaU they do the task," retorted the Spirit of the Iron Tree i:„ ?Ther-,:children . looked.. with japtoiiishmfent around them. - Every tree, ebrnb and ,plant;iappeared-to have ibecome ani-; mated, each.,a human,typeof,the species, The .graeeful myall r.danced in the sunshine;: ihe. sombre she-oak drooped' like a mourner^the.gnarled red-gum seemed an old, toothless, nckety beldame.' The- largprfltreesxseemedi,ogres,-eager to .deyour; and the smaller cowcred at their glances, save the wattle, -who Btood guard over the children. " The\ task, then, the task'" cried; ihe Wattle Spirit, ,with a wave of her hand, which diffused^-a wonderful fragrance. i't ; "It is," .cried the Spiiit of the Iron Jree, ^ ".that they yjll fetch me the choicest thing in this wood within two lours. Gol" ^ t j Thefwattle,seemed to^pity the children;' b»t appeared powerless to help t"hem;: ; the poor -little things had to go' their i.^ay.,) iWhatz-Gpuld -be 1 ' the"- most jPfeciojis thing, they,kn^w not- Willie \ n '.oviiH .oT „ thought it was gold, and looked for grams of the precious metal; Bfififij; fancied it was the loveliest Long they wandered, until the sui sank behind the hills and tlT glorious light of the moon fell unon +S® wood, creating lights and shadow* marvellously -beautiful. The child,! were about throwing themselves downin despair, when the trees again chanced and there were the , iron-tree and the wattle. • " Well," cried the Spirit of the Iron-Tree, " have you found the choioeBt thintr e in the forest f , The . w , at "!, seemca ^ great ptin aa sue watched the answer; "We have not foun'd it;" said Willia looking up with honest eyes. The Iron-Tree gave a great sigh m wben a storm passes through its branches and becameat once a tree, and nothine more, as did; the others, save the wattle " Tes, you have, children," she said' with a benignant smile. "The choicest thing in this wood is the truth." " They , are- here—they are here!" cried Harry Smith; bounding to the ride of the little stream where Rover wai barking-joyously,at two sleeping forms cuddled up in each other's arms. "I inew: the dog was right." ' " Heaven-be praised!" oried his wife her face illuminated with joy, as the moonlight streamed upon it. And Bhe kissed them untd they awoke. "Oh, father," cried Bessie, "we : have seen ogres,- and giants, and fairies, and the tree -spirit Ooroomoolia;" -what did they teach you, sweet one 7, he asked, as ho clasped her to his breast and made for home -•'That the choicest thing in the wood was truth, father;'' replied Bessie, - " Then; child, they were from Heaven, for the choicest: thing—not only in this ! forest, but in the world—is Truth!" I The Just axd the TTmtd6t The sgood man slammeth tlie gate and baneeth the door, and maketh a noise for his heart is without guile and he feareth snot the grievous words of his wife; but Ithe naughty man shuteth the gate -softly, and stealeth upstairs in his stocking feet, and stumbleth over the rooking-;chair, and the last condition of that man us worse than the first. j':' : : c ' They"eaw'a b'e&itful lizard. - ",. 