MACLEOD OF DARE/ - ' 'By WILLIAM BLACK, ' AxrrnoR of 'The Pcixckss ov Tiujm^' &ow; CrArTBR. XLV.— Teh Voyage OvbbJ ' i And now the bravo old Umpire is ncaving'&es; northern homo once more ; and surely tbia is a right royal evening for tho reception- of herv What although the sun has just gone down, an-8 the sea around them becomes a plain of heaving and wrestling blue black waves ? Far away, id . tbat purple-black eci, lie long promontorico thatj 'are of a still pale rose-color; and the. woateVB eky is a blaza of golden green ; and thoy know that tho wild, beautiful radianco is still touching1 tha wan walls of Castle Dare. And there it ArdalaiW ish Point ; and that the ruddy Boss of Moll ;* soA thoro will be a good tide in tho Sound oJIoflfiS Why, then, do they linger, and Keep tn& oie , ' PuWiahoJ by spcci&l; arrangement VSUfe iHOVHiieS All rights reserved. ? ':... .' Umpire with her Bails . flapping idly in the Afl you pass through Jura's Sound. Bend your course by Bcarfca a shoro ; ,. Shun, O Bbun; the pulf profound Where Corriovreckan'fl,surges roar ! They, are in no. danger of Corrieyreckan now; ' thoy are in familiar .waters ; only that is another Colonsay that lies away .there in tho south. Jgieith Macleod, Boated up at the bow, is calmly 'regarding it. Ho js quite alone. There ia no Bound around him' hut. tho lapping of tho waves, And ovor as tho year returns, l'ho charm-bound sailors kuov/ tlio day ; For sadly still tho mermaid mouraa Thelovoly ch'.etof Colonsay. : And ia ho liBtoningnow for the wild /sound of hor pinging? Or ia he thinking o£ tho bravo Macphail i»ho went back after seven long months of absence, 6nd found tho maid of Colonsay atill truo to him ? The ruby ring ubo had given him had never palod. JPh.ero was one woman who could remain true to )x$j; ahaoat lover. . HamiflU caino forward. ; ,' *' Will wo 6° °& no w» *'r ? ' said he iu the Gao ! life ; ;-'No.' ,......; ^JBamiah looked, round. The shining clear : evening looted vory catm, notwisnstanuing mu '?} fapaing of the blue-black waves. And it seomed paateful to the old sailor to keep tho yacht lying i '. : to or flimlesBly Bailing thin way and that while : phis favorablo wind remained to them. ''? { *fl am not suro that the breeze will last, Sir, . , ? 'Aro you sure of anything, H*mish?' Mac* '! Jeod said, quite absently. 'Well, there ia one ' thing wo can all mako suro of. But I have told van, HamiBb, I am not going up tho Sound of ? loaa in daylight : why, there ia not a man in all , ' '; ' kjieifllands who would not know of our coming ? ' ? ? pj tomorrow morning. Wo will go up tho sound . . . &3 soon aa it is dark. It ia a new moon to-night, Aj}d I think wo can go without lights, Hannah.' j 'Ihe.Dunara is coming south to night, Sir J^eUV. the old man said. ? ? ^'- *t Why, Hamiah, you seem to have lost all your conjeflge as soon aa you put Colin Laing ashoro.' ?????? ?. ' Oplia Laing ! Ib it Colin Laing !' exclaimed Hamisb, indignantly. ' I will know how to sail thia yacht, and will know the banks, and the bides, and tho rocks hotter than any fifteen thouB ftn.ds.of Colin Laings '?' I 'And what if the Dunara in coming south ? IE She cannot see us, we can see hor.' \- . i But whether it was that Colin Laing had before jtaaving.tho yacht managed to convey to Hamiah fiome aolion of tho risk he was running, or who. ? th.er it .was that he was morely anxious for hia 1 ; jmaBter'B eaiety, it was' clear that Hamish was ' far from satisfied. Ho opened and shut his big clasp-knifo in an awkward silence; Then ?; ; h.o arid— n, . f .You will not go to Castle Dare, Sir Keith ?' ( Macleod started ; he had forgotten that Ham iflkKftfl there. . t Af'No. I have told you where I am going.' ' f* But there is not any good anchorage at that island, sir!' ho protested. 'Havel not been : round every bay of it ; and you too, Sir. Keith ; and you know there is not an inch of sand or of zuttd, but only the small loose stones. And then tho shepherd they left there all by himself ; it was jmad he became at last, and took his own life Up,' /. ' Well, do. you expect to see hia ghoat ?' Mac Jeodeaid. 'Come, Hamiab, you have lost your Jaerve ia tho.south. Suroly you aro uot afraid of being any whore in the old yacht, aolong ss she has good sea-room around her ?' i /' And if you are not wishing to go up the sound O£Ian& iu the; daylight, Sir Keith,' Hamiah said, Still clinging to the point, ' we conld bear a little tft the south, and go round the outside of Iona.' i,.(- The Dubh-artach men would recognise the Umpire at once,'' Macleod said, abruptly ; and fchen .he suggested to Hamish that he should get a little more way on the yacht, so that she might Joe. ft; trifle steadier when Christina carried the dhi \ ne.r into the English lady's cabin. But indeed jtiiere wai now little breeze of any kind. Ham iah'sfears of a dead calm were likely to prove true. Meanwhile another conversation had been go ing forward in the small cabin below, that was now suffused by a strange warm light jrefledtod from the evening sky. Miss White waa looking very well now, after her long sea Voyage. ' During their first few hours in blue water she had beer* very ill indeed ; and she re peatedly called on Christina to allow her to die. jjhe old Highlandwoman came to the conclusion that English ladies were rat hor childish in their ffaya ; but the only answer she made to thia re iterated prayer was to mako Miss White as iomiortabie &% was possible, and to administer yncli. restoratives as she thought desirable. At length, when recovery and a sound appetite set ? in, the patient began to show a great friendship f or Ohriatina. There was no longer any theatri cal warning of the awful fate in store for every body connected with this enterprise. She tried father to enlist the old woman's sympathies on Jher behalf, and it she did not very well succoed in that direction, at least she remained on friend ly terms with Christina, and received from her tho solace- of much gossip about the whereabouts and possible destination of the ship. And on this evening Christina had an impor tant piece of news. ' Where_bave we got to sow, Christina ?' aaid Rfisa White, quite cheerfully, when tho old wom an entered, 'Oh, ye3, mem, we will still be off tho Mull ehoro, but a good piece away from it, and there 13 not much wind, mem. But Hamiah thinks we will get to the anchorage the night whatever.' ' Tho anchorage !' Mi»3 White exclaimed eageily. 'Where? You are going to Castle ; Dare, surely?' ' Ko, mem, I think not,' said Christina. 'I think it ia an island — bat you will not know the name of that island — there is no English for it at all.' 'But where is it? I3 it near Castle Dare?' 'Ob, notmem; it is a good way from Castle Dare ; and it u ont in tho sea. Do you know ; Gometra, mem? — wass you ever going out to QometraT' '. ''?¥«», of coarta ; I remember somctliing about iianywfty.' ?V'Abf well, it is aw&7 ont paat Qometr/n, mom &Atu-t; \ .--! -jw/i lot an.aaQUsrSito whatever. But Hamiah he will know all the an* choragos.' ' What on oarlh ia the use of going thore Y' 'I do not know, mom.' ''',.' ' Is Sir Keith coing to keep mo on board this boat forever?' ' '',.'. 'I do not know, mera.' Chriatina had to leavo the cabin just thon ; when she returned sho said with some little hesi tation — 'If I wass mekking so bold, mem, ass to Bay this to you : Why are you not asking tho quos tionaofSir Keith himself? Ho will know all about it ; and if you were to como into tho Baloon, mem ? ' 'Do you think I would enter into' any communication with him after his treatment of mo?' said Miss White, indignantly. 'No; let himatono for that first. When ho has sot me at liberty, thon I will speak with him ; but nevor so long as he keeps me shut up like a con vict.' ' 'I waas only saying, mem,' Christina an swered, with great respect, 'that if you weio wishing to know where we were going, Sir Keith will know that ; but how can- I know it? And you know, mem, Sir Keith has not shut you up in this cabin : you hef tho saloon, if you would please to hef it.' 'Thank you, I know !' rejoined Miss White. ' If I chooBe, my gaol may consist of two rooms instead of ouo. I don't appreciate that amount oE liberty, I want to bo set aahore.' 'That I hof notbiug to do with, mem,' Christina said humbly, proceeding with ? her work. Miss White, being loft to think over, those things, was beginning to believe that after all her obduracy was not likely to bo of much service to her. Would it not be wiser to treat with .the enemy: perhaps to outwit him byaahow of for giveness ? Here thoy were approaching the end of the voyage — at loast, C'uristiua seemed to inti mato as much ; and if they were not exactly within call of friends, they would surely bo within rowing diatanco of some inhabited island, even Gtometra, for example. And if only a message could be sent to Castle Dare? Lady Macleod and Janot Maclood wore women. They would not countonanco this monstrous thing. IE she could only reach them, she would ' be safe. Tho roae-pink died away from the long ' pro montories, and was succeeded by a sombre grey ; tbo glory in tho west sank down ,? a. wan twilight came over the sea and the sky ; end a small gol den star — like tho point of a needle— told where the Dubh-artach men had lit their beacon for the coming night. Tho Umpire lay and idly rolled in thia dead calm ; Macleod paced up and down tho deck; in the solemn ' stillness ; Hamish threw a tarpaulin over tho skylight ot the saloon, to cover tho bowildering light' from .below [; and then, aa tho time went slowly by, darkuess came over the land and tho sea. They were alone with the night, and the .lapping waves, aud the stars. ? ? ' About ton o'clock there was a loud rattling of blocks and cordage— the first puff of a coming breeze had struck her. The men were at their posts in a moment; there were a few sharp, quick orders from Hamish ; and. presently the old Umpiro, with her great boom away over her quarter, was running free before a light south easterly wind. - 'Ay, Ay !' said Hamish, in sudden gladness, ' we will soon bo by Ardalanish Point with a fine wind like this, Sir Keith ; and if you would rather hef no lights on her— well, it is a clear night whateffer ; and the Dunara she will hef up her lights.' The wind came ia bits of squalls it is true; but the Bky overhead remained clear ; aud the Umpiro bowled merrily along, Macleod was still on deck. They rounded the Rc^s of Mull ; and got into the smoother waters of the Sound ; ' would any vi the people in the cottages at Erraidh see this g'rey ghost of a vessel go gliding paat over the dark water ? Behind them burned the yellow eye of ' Dubh-artach ; before them a few small red points told them of the Iona cot tages ; and atill this phantom grey vessel held on her way, Tho Umpire was nearing her last an chorage. ' And still she steals onward, like a thief in the night. She passed through the Sound ; she is in the open sea again ; there is a calling of startled birds from over tho dark bosom of tho deep. Then iar away tney watcn me ngnts or. a steamer : but she is miles from their course ; they cannot even hoar tho throb of her engines. It is another sound they hear— a low booming as of distant thunder. And that black thing away on their right— scarcely visible over the dar kened wavea— is that the channelled and seabird haunted Staffs, trembling through all her caves undor the shock of the smooth Atlantic surge? For all the clearness of the starlit sky, there is a wild booming of waters all round her rocks; and the giant caverns answer ; and the thunder shud ders out to tho listening sea. The night drags' on. The Dutchman ia fast asleep in hia vast Atlantic bed ; the dull roar of the waves he has heard for millions of years is not likely to awake him. And Fladda and Lunga : surely this ghest-grey ship that steals by is not tho old Umpiro that used to visit them in tho gay summer-time, with her red ensign flying, and tho blue seas all around ber ? But hero is a dark object on. the waters that is growing larger and larger aa ono approaches it. The black outline of it is becoming sharp against the clear dome of stars. There is a gloom around aa one gets nearer and nearer the bays and cliffs ofthia'lonely island ; and now ono hears the sound of breakers on the rocks. Hamish and his men are on the alerts The topsail has been lowered. The heavy cable of the anchor lies ready by. tho windlass. And then, as tho Umpire glides into smooth water, and her head ia brought round to the light breeze, away goes thn anchor with a rattlo that awake3 a thousand echoes ; and all the startled birds among the rocks are calling through tbo night,— the eea-pyots screaming shrilly, the curlewa uttering their warning note, tho borons croaking aa they wing their slow flight away acroeH tho sea. The Umpiro haa got to hor aa choragoatlaai. And scarcely waa the anchor down when thoy brought him a mcaaago from tbo Kngliah lady. She was in tho saloon, and wifjhod to nee him, Ho would scarcely beliovo this; for it was now past midnight ; and she had uovor como into the saloon before. But ho went down through the forecastle ; and through his own state-room ; and opened the door of the saloon. ' ' For a second the strong light almost blinded him ; but at all events he knew she wa3 sitting there ; and that sho was regarding him with nq fiorco indignation at all, but. with quite a friendjyjppk. .1 ' Gtertrudej' said he, in wonder ; but he did not approach her. Ho stood before her aa one who was submissive. 'So wo have got to land at last,' said she : aud more and more ho wondered to hear the friendliness of her voice. Could it be truo then? Or was it only, one of those visions that had of late been torturing bis brain ? ' Oh, yes, Qcrty 1' said he. ' Wo have got to an' anchorage.' \- ' I thought I would sit up for it,' said she. ' Chriatina said we should got to land somo time to-night ; and I thought I Would like to see you. Because you know, Keith, 'you' have UBed mo very badly. And won't you Bit down?' He accepted that invitation. Could it be truo ? could it bo true ? Thia waa ringing in his ears. Ho heard hor only in a bewildered way. ' And I want you to tell mo what you mean to do with me,' said sho, frankly and graciously ; ' I am at your mercy, Keith.' ' Oh, not that— not that,' said ho ; and ho added, sadly enough, ' it ia I who have been at your niorcy Bince over 1 saw you, Gerty ; and it is for you to say what is to becomo of you and of mo. And have you got over your anger now ?— and will you think of all that mado mo do this, and try to forgive it for the sako of my lovo for you, Gorty ? Ia thore any chance of that now ?' ' '?'.?''. She rathor avoided tho earncat gaze that was bent on her. She did not notice how nervously his hand gripped the edge of the table near him. 'Well, it is a good deal to forgive, Keith; you will acknowledge that yourself ; and though you used to think that I waa ready' to sacrifice everything for fame, I did not expect you would make me a nine-days' wonder in this way. I suppose* the whole thing is in the papers how ?'' ' Ob, no, Gerty ; I Bent a message to your father.' ? ' Well, that was kind of you. And audacious. Were you not afraid of hia overtaking you ? The Umpiro is not tho swiftest of sailors you used to say ; and you know there are telegraphs and railways to all the ports.' 'He did not. know you '.were in the Umpire, Gorty; But of course, if iio were very anxious about you, he would write or come to Daro. i should not be surprised if he were there now.' A quick look of surprise and gladness sprang to her face. ' ' Papa— it Castle Dare !' sho exclaimod, 'And Christina says itia not far from here.' ' Not many miles away.' 'Then, of course, thoy will know we are horo in the morning !' she cried, in the indiscretion of sudden joy. ' And they will come out for me. ' Oh no, Gerty, they will not come out for you. No human being but those on board knows that we are here. Do you think they could see you from Dare? And thore is no one living now on the island. Wo are alone in the sea.' The light died away from her face; but she ?«aid, cheerfully enough — ' Well, I am at your mercy then, Keith. Let us take it that way, Now you must tell me what part in the comedy you mean me to play ; for the life of me I can't make it out.' 'Oh, Gorty, Gerty, do not apeak like that !' he exclaimed. ' You are breaking mv heart. Ia there none of tho old love loft? Is it all a matter for jesting?' ; Shesaw she had been incautious. ' Well,' said Bhe, gently, 'I was wrong; I know it ia more serious than that ; and I am not indisposed to forgive you, if you treat me fairly. ~ I know you have great earnestness of. nature; and — and you . were'very fond of mo; and although you have risked a great deal in what you have done, atill, men who are Very deeply, in love don't think much about con* sequences!/ And if I were to forgive you, and 'make tfriends again, what then?' , h. 'And if wo were as we used to be,' said ho' witha grave wistfulnesa in his faoe, 'do you not thinkil would gladly take you ashore, Gerty ?'. ' And to Castle Dare ?' ' 'Oh,yeg, to Castlo Dare ! Would not my mother and_ Janet be glad to welcome you !' ' And papa may be thero ?' ' If he is hot there, can wo not telegraph for him?. Why; Gerty, surely you would' not be .married anywhere but in tho Highlanda ?'' ; * At tho mention of marriage she blanched some what ; but she had nerved herself to play this part. ' Then, Keith,' said she, gallantly, ' I will make you a promise. Take me to . Castle Dare to-morrow, ' and the moment I am within its doors, I will shako hands with you, and forgivo you, and we will bo friends again as in tho old days.' 'We were more than friends, Gerty,' Baid he, in a low voice. 'Let us be friends first, and then who knows what may not follow ?' paid ahe, brightly. ' You cannot expect me to be over-profuse in affection just after being shut up like this '!' ' Gerty,' said he, and ho Iookod at hor with those strangely tired eyes, and there was a groat gentleness in hia voice, ' do you know whoro you are? You are close to tho island that I told you o£— where I wiah to have my grave on tho cliff. Bui instead of a grave, would it not bo a fino thing to havo a marriage horo ? No, do not be alarmed, Gerty 1 it ia only with your own good will ; and surely your heart will consent at last! Would not that bo a atrange wedding, too ; with tho minister from Salen ; and your father on board ; and tbo people from Daro ? Oh, you would see such a numbor of boats como out that day, and wo would go proudly back ; and do you not think thero would bo a groat rejoicing that day ? Thon all our Iroublua would bo at an ond, Gorty ! Thero would bo no moro fear ; and the theatres would novcr boo you again ; and tho long, happy life wo should lead, wo two togothor I And do you know tho first thing I would got you. Gerty f— it would bo a now yacht ! I would go to tuo Qlydo, a&dbstTo; it built all lor you, I wouli not have you go out again in this yacht, for you would them remember tho days in, which J waa cruol to you ; but in anew yacht . you would not remember that any more.; and do you not think wo would havb many a pleasaut, long summer day on' tho deck of her, and only ourselves, Gerty ? A.nd you would sing the songs I first heard you sing, and I think the Bailors would imagine thoy heard tho singing of the mermaid of Colonsay, for there ia no ono can sing as you can sing, Garty, I think it waa that first took away my heart from me.' '..''' ' '...''/ 'But we can talk about all thoso things when lam Oh' Bhore again,' said she, coldly. 'You cannot oxpoct me to be very favorably disposed ao long as I am shut up here.' ' But then,' ho said, ' if you wero on shoro you might go away again from me, Gerty ! The peoplo wouldget'at your ear again ; thoy would whisper things to you ; you would think about tho theatres again. I have aaved you, s weathoart; caul let you go back?'' . Tho wor J3 woro apokon with an oager affection and yearniug ; but thoy sank into her mind with n dull and cold conviction that there waa no es cape for her through any way of artifice. 'Am I to understand, then ?' said she, 'that you mean to keep mo a prisoner here until I marry you ?' ' Why do you spsak like that, Gorty ?' ' I demand an aus wer to my question.' ' I havo riskod overything to save you ; can I let you go back ?' r x A sudden flash oE desperate anger— even of hatred— waa ia her eyes ; her fine piece oE acting had been of no avail. ' Well, let the farce end !'' Raid aho, with frowning eyebrows. 'Before I came on board this yacht I had somo' pity for you. I thought you wero at least a man, and had a man's gonerosity. Now I find you a coward, and a tyrant ? ' 'Gerty!' ' Oh, do not think you have frightened me with your storiea oE the revenge of your miserable chiefs, and their savage alaves. Not a bit of it ! Do with me what you like ; I would not marry you if you gave me a hundred yachts !' 'Gerty?' The augubh of hia faco waa growing wild with despair, '. - : ' I 8ay, let the farce end ! I had pity for you — yea I had ! Now — I hate you !' He sprang up with a quick cry, aa of ono shot through tho heart. Ho rogarded her, in a be wildered manner, for one briof second ; and thon he gently said, 'Good-night, Gerty! God for give you!' and ho staggered backwards, and got out of tho suloon, leaving her alone. See ! tlio night is still fine. AIL around thia solitary bay there ia a wall oE rock, jet black, against the clear, dark Bky, with its myriad twink ling stars. The new moon has arisen ; but it sheds but little radiance yet down there in the south. There is a sharper gleam from one lam bontplanet— a thin line oE golden-yellow light that cornea all the wayacrosli from the black rocks until it breaks in flashes among the ripples close to the aide of the yacht, Silence once moro roigna around ; only from timo to timo one hears tho croak of a heron from the dusky shoro. What can keep this man up bo late on deck ? There is nothing to look at but the great bows of tho yacht black against the pale grey sea ; and the tall spars and tho rigging going away up into the starlit sky ; and the suffused glow from the skylight touching a yellow-groy on the main boom. There is no need for the anchor watch that Hamish was insisting on. The equi noctials are not likely to begin on such a night as this. He is looking across tho lapping grey water to the jet black line of cliff. And tb'ere are certain words haunting him. Ho cannot forget them. He cannot put them away. # * ? * ??? » it- Wherefore is light given to him that is in misery, , and life unto the bitter in soul ? ??*?' * * Which long for death, but it cometh not ; 'aad ; dig for it moro than for hidden treasures^ \ .* .« * Which rejoice exceedingly, and are gladwhen they can find the grave. - ' _ -'..* '?.'.?# ? ' ? * ? :; ' * ? Then in the. stillness of the night he heard a breathing. He went forward, and found that . Hamish had secreted himself behind the wind- ; lass. He uttered some exclamation in tho Gaelic; , and tho old man rose and stood guiltily before him. ' Have I not told you to go below before ; and will I have to throw you down into the fore castle ?' ..-..?.?.. The old man stood irresoluto for a moment. Then he Baid, also in his native tongue :— ' You should not apeak like that to me, Sir Keith : I have known you many a year.' Macleod caught Hamish's hand, : ' I beg your pardon, 'Hamiah. You do not ; know. It ia a sore heart I have this night.' ' Oh, God help us ! Do I not know that !' he exclaimed, in a broken voice; and llacleocl, aa he turned away, could hear the, old man crying ; bitterly in the dark. What else could Hamish do now— for him who had boon to him as the son of his old age ? ' Go below now, Hamisli,' said Macleod in a gentle voice ; and tho old man slowly and reluct antly oboyod. 1 But tho night had not drawn to day when Mac- . leod again went forward and said, in a strange, 'excited whisper— ? 'Hannah, Hamiab, are you awake now?' Instantly the old man appoarod : ho had not turnod into hia borth at all. ' Hamiah, Hamiah, do you hear tho sound ?' Macleod said, in the samo wild way, ' do you not hear tho sound ?' ' What sound, Sir Keith ?' Baid he— for indeed there was nothing but tho lapping of tho water along? tko side of tho yacht aud a murmur of ripplos along the Bhore. 'Do you not hoar itr Hamish? It ia a sound as of a brass band !— a brass band playing music —-as if it was in a thoatro. Can you not hoar it, Hamwh?' , 'OlVGod holp us ! God holp us!' Hamiah cried. 'Tm do not hoar it, Hamish ?' he said. 'Atiyjitiia Homo miatako, I bog ypur pardon for calling you, Qamiah : now' yon will go bolow wain.' 'Ob, no, SirKeith,' said Hamisb. '' Will I i| not stay on deck now till the morning? It fa a fi fine sleep I have had, Oh, yea, I had a final sleep. -| And how is one to know whon the equinoctials V may. not come on?' . ?.'? ;j 'I wish you to go below, Harniab.' . ,^f And now this sound that is ringing in hia eare ^1 ia no longer of the brass band .that ho had heard *'l in the theatre. It is quite differ ont. It has all -Q tho gha3tly mirth of that song that Norman -t| Ogilvie used to sing in the old, half-forgotten -f days. ' What is it that ho hears ? 1 King Death wai a raro old fellow, . % Ho sate whero no suu could ntiino ; ' ' ' '4 And Iio lifted his hand so yellow, r; And poured out his coal-black wino ! ' Hurrah ! hurrah ! hurrah ! for the ooa'-black wino t t It is a strange mirth. It might almost make a ~'k man laugh. For do wo not laugh gently whdn | wo bury a young child, and put the flowora over | it ; and know that it is at peace ? The child has ;i no more pain at tho heart; Oh, Norman Ogilvie. f t are you still singing the wild song ; and are you \ * laughing now ?— or ia it tho old man Hamish that ' is crying in the dark ! ? * ? # # * There camo to him many a maiden, .Whose eyes had forgot to shino ; ..??-' j ?* ' Aud widows with Rriet o'orladcn, t * For a draught of his sleepy wino, : '? ! i/i Hurrah ! hurrah ! hurran ! for tho coal-black' wino I ! » « * \ ^ ^ It is such a fine thing to sleep— when ono has , been fretting all the night, and spasms of firo go ' through the brain ! Ogilvie, Ogilvio, do you ] I remember the laughing Duchess : do you think ' I she would laugh over one's grave? Or put, her1 '] foot on it, and stand relentless, with anger in hor , ?' eyes ! -That is a sad thing; but after it ia on | ?] there ia sleep. si * ? '*; * * ' ' i\ All camo to the raro old fellow ' . f| Who laughed till his eyes droppod briuo, ; ;/f| As he gave thorn hia hand ao yellow, , ?, i And pledged them, in Death's black wiiia ? ' * -* Hurrah ! hurrah ! hurrah ! for the coal-black wino 1 J- Hamish !— Hamish !— will you not keep her away ^ from me? I have told Donald what pibroch ha f | willplay; I want to be at peace now. Buttha \ ^ brass band— the brass band— I can hear the blara I 'I of the trumpets ; and Ulva will know that wa f^i are hero, and the Gometra men, and tho sea-birds' $ too, that I U3ed to love. But aho has killeil all ( 1 that no w/and 8he stands oh my grave. ' Sho will fcJ laugh ; for aho was light-hearted ; like a young ' i -J chilJ. But you, Hamiab, you will find the quiet |YfJ grave for me ; and Donald will play tho pibroch |J for mo that I told him of ; and you will say no N| word to her of all that ia over and gone. ;, M * * ??»??#'? »???'?';? LjJ See- he sleeps. Thia haggard-faced man is si stretched on the deck ; and the pale dawn, 'jf arising in the east, looks at him ; and does not iff revive him, but ? makes him whiter still. You ?£§ might almoatjthink he was dead. But Hamisb. «y| knows better than that ; for the old man comes m stealthily -forward; and he has a gr£at tartan kjf plaid in hia* hands ; and very gently indeed ha '3 puts it over hia young mastor. ? And there ara -1 tears running down Hamiah'a faco ; and he saya tif ' The brave lad ! Tho brave lad?' r l| 