THE DANGERS OP OUR PRESENT LITERATURE AND HOW TO AVOID THEM. This paper, by the Rev. B. W. Saville, was read at the anniversary of the Christian Book Society. The speaker began by observing that there are three grand delusions in which the minds of many are entangled in the present day. and which may be summarily described as follows — 1st. That the Romanizing party, or Ritualists, as they are commonly called, in anywise repre sent that which they so persistently claim to do, viz., the Primitive and Catholic Faith. 2nd. That there is any truth in the theory of all things in the universe having been created by a fortuitous concourse of atoms ; and which theory has been dignified by the misleading title of the Atomic Philosophy. 3rd. That mankind are descended primarily, according to Mr. Darwin, from the larvaj of an Ascidian tadpole, and finally from the Old World monkey. In taking an extended view of the literatureof the present day, the painful fact stares us in the face that so large a portion of it is tainted with those numerous errors which may be classified under the respective heads of Sacerdotalism or Popery, Mysticism, and In fidelity. Reversing the order of these three, the term Infidelity may be divided under the twofold head of undisguised Atheism and subtle Rationalism, which rejects the God of the Bible in favour of a God of its own creation, whose word and whose works, yea, whose very existence, must all be subordinated to the un- sanctified reason of finite man. Atheism once had its hour of triumph, at the time of the first French Revolution ; but in order to stem the anarchy into which France was then rapidly sinking, Robespierre proclaimed with frightful blasphemy the theory that if God had not existed it would have been necessary to have created Him, in order to prevent men from be coming worse than brutal savages. No ! what we have to guard against in the literature of the day is that subtle system of Rationalism which requires us to test the revelation of Him who is infinite by the standard of human reason, which is finite. Let me place before you the testimony of some of its most prominent teachers in the present day. Thus Professor Tyndall, while declaring he has " as little fellowship with the Atheist, who says there is no God, as with the Theist, who professes to know the mind of God," — ( Use and Limit of the Imagination in Science, p. 51) — nevertheless, in his Belfast address assured his audience that "molecular force becomes structural, and that it required no great boldness of thought to oxtend its play into organic nature, and to recognise in mole- cular force the agency by which plants and animals are built up " (p. 52). In another of his works he defines molecular force in this wise : "A molecule is a group of atoms held to gether by their mutual forces, but still capable of motion among themselves ; and the vapour of the nitrite of amyl is to be regarded as an assemblage of such molecules." ( Proceedings of the Royal Society, 1860, No. 105.) These mole cules are explained by the learned professor to be so small in size as to be "considerably less than the one hundred thousandth part of an inch in diameter." You will observe that he appears to trace back the origin of all plants and animals to a molecularation of vapour of the size already mentioned. Would it not have been better if he remembered the comparison of the sacred writer when he asks the question, " What is your life ? It is even a vapour, that appeareth for a little time, and' then vanisheth away " (James iv. 14). To return however, to the comparative moderation of the Old World, the supposed but not the original founder of that marvellous theory variously termed "Natural Selection," "Development," "Evolu tion," "Pangenesis," "Biogenesis," "Abio- genesis," "Agamogenesis," " Protoplasm," &c.;, which' appear to have been invented, as Curran humorously said of the round towers in Ireland, more for the purpose of puzzling posterity than anything else, Mr. Charles Darwin, the well- known naturalist, tells us that there is "no reason why his theory should offend the religious opinion of anyone but in the case I am about to mention there must be some excep tions to his rule— e.g.. The Guardian of October 25th, 1871, records the following instance of the fatal effect which a belief in the Darwinian creed may cause its unhappy possessor—" A young man from Cardiff, named Howard, has drowned himself at Carlisle, who, in a memo randum, gave as his reason for self-destruction that the Darwinian theory having proved man to be descended from monkeys, he did not desire to live." This melancholy result of Darwinism reminds one of a suicide recorded in ancient story of a youth who was so fascinated by reading Plato's discourse "On the Immor tality of the Soul," that he leapt into the sea in order to obtain his coveted inheritance But what a vast gulf between the noble idea of Plato without a revelation from on high, and the ignoble and degrading theory of Mr. Darwin with one ! In order that there may be no mis take about our understanding what Mr. Darwin teaches respecting the pedigree of the human race, and how it conflicts with the Divine record, which states that " God created man in His own image, and after His own likeness, from the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life ; and man became a living soul," I propose to set it forth in his own words — " In the dim obscurity of the past we can see that the early progenitor of all the vertebratae must have been an aquatic animal, provided with brachiae, with the two sexes "united- in the same individual. This animal seems to have been more like the larvae of our existing Ascidians than any other known form. These Ascidians were the parents of a group of fishes as lowly organised as the lancelet, and from such fish a very small advance carries you on to the amphibious, which gradually- developed -themselves into reptiles, birds, and mammals." . . Having referred to Mysticism and Spiritual ism, the writer went on to say : Pass we on now to notice a far more dangerous species of error than either Spiritualism or Infidelity, i.e., Sacerdotalism, or as it is more commonly termed, Ritualism. In one thing the upholders of this system afford an example which the -friends of this excellent institution might profitably follow. I refer to the very great use which they make of the press as well as other branches of literature, in which respect, as is generally acknowledged, our Evangelical breth- ren abstain from doing. I believe this absti nence tends to injure the cause which we know to be of God, and believe to be the only faithful representation of "the truth as it is in Jesus," and authoritatively proclaimed by our Reformed and Protestant Church. In speaking on the subject of Ritualism it will be necessary to bear in mind these three prominent points — 1. The fundamental errors which underlie the whole of the sacerdotal or sacramental system. 2. The undisguised hatred which the leaders of the Ritualistic party bear to the Reformation of the sixteenth century. 3. The evidence which their literature betrays of a determination to effect a union between our Reformed and Pro testant Church and that doomed power which is described in Scripture as " the mother of harlots, and of the abominations of the earth." 1\. With regard to the fundamental errors of the Sacramental system, which St. Paul has so fully described in his epistle to the Gaiatians under the term of " another Gospel ;" and as in those early days there was a desire on the part of professing Christians to return to Judaism ; so is there at this present time an earnest long ing to return to Romanism. The fundamental errors of the Ritualists may be classified under the respective heads of Baptism, Justification, the Lord's Supper, and Priestly Absolution. (a) The Ritualistic teaching respecting baptism is thus defined by the recognised leader of the party — "The Church," says Dr. Pusey, "has no second baptism to give, and so she cannot pronounce him (who sins after baptism) alto gether free from his past sins. There are but two periods of absolute cleansing — baptism and the day of judgment." (" Letter to tne Bishop of Oxford," p. 93, 4th edition.) Another leader of the same school thus expresses himself on the subject. — "I will suggest," ho writes, "the con sideration of the vastness of the power claimed by the Church, a power which places it almost on a level with God Himself — the power of for giving sins by wiping them out in baptism ; of transferring souls from heaven to hell, without admitting a doubt of it, as when baptised infants die before they commit actual sin." (Professor Sewell's Christian Morals, p. 247.) (b) Of the doctrine of justification, which has been truly termed the sign of a standing or a falling Church, and which has been thus authoritatively defined in our Articles, "We are accounted righteous before God, only for the merit of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ by faith, and not for our own works or deserv- ings " (Article xi.,) we find that eminent seceder from our Church, Dr. John H. Newman, truly declaring that "Protestants hold justification by faith only, though," as he most strangely adds, " there is no text in St. Paul which enunciates it." (History of My Religious Opinions, p. 87.) I say "strangely," because in our English, Bible we read of St. Paul teach ing positively that " a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law ; for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justi fied. I do not frustrate the grace of God : for if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain " (Gaiatians ii. 16-21). And to prove how the Ritualists contradict such teach ing on the part of one who spake as he was moved by the Holy Ghost. I find two active members of the English Church Union pointedly contradicting the same. Thus the Rfev. E. G. Wood, in a lecture at Bath, November 27th, 1870, declared that " the doctrine of justifica tion by faith was the most immoral, blas phemous theory which man ever invented, which overthrew not only Christianity, but the very theory of natural morality." And so the Rev. J. E. Vaux, in his Six Sermons on the Atonement, speaks of " the horrible doctrine of imputed righteousness," in opposition to David, who, as St. Paul says, " describeth the blessed ness of the man unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works " (Rom. iv. 6). " Hence," says Mr. Vaux, " an outline of this unchristian system will be enough to warn us against the Lutheran doctrines of justification by faith, of imputed righteousness, or of vicarious sanctification " (pp. 34, 35). (c) On the doctrine of the Lord s Supper, under another name the Ritualistic party consistently teach the doctrine of the Church of Rome, ex pressed by the novel term (invented by the late Archdeacon Wilberforce in 1848) of the Real Objective Presence ; for it is a mere logomachy to pretend that there is any distinction between that and the better known term of Transubstan- tiation, which our Church authoritatively declares "is repugnant to the plain words of Scripture, overthroweth the nature of a sacra ment, and hath given occasion to many super stitions " (Art. xxviii.) as well as being in fact a species of ' ' idolatry, to be abhorred by all faithful Christians " (Rubric at the end of the Communion Service). Hence the Ritualistic teachers have defined the doctrine of the Real Objective Presence on this wise. Dr. Little- dale, in a four-page tract of that name, says — " In the Holy Communion, after consecration, the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ present on the altar are that same body and blood which was conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary," &c.; This is the' doctrine of the Real Presence." And so Dr. Pusey, in his "Eirenicon," teaches — "We re ceive in the Eucharist, not only the fiesh and blood of Christ, but Christ Himself, both God and Man " (p. 24). This appears to conflict with the well-known teaching of Hooker who observes — "The real presence of Christ's most blessed body and blood is not to be sought for in the Sacrament, but in the worthy receiver of the Sacrament" ("Ecel, Pol." V., c. 67. 6, Keble's Edit.). And in order to show how completely the party have changed front on this important fact, it is a fact that whereas a hymn in Keble's Christian Year during the lifetime of the author always read thus— O come to our Communion feast, There, present in the heart, Not in the hands, th' Eternal Priest Will His true strength impart.— in all the editions which have appeared since the author's death, the hymn has been changed in the following way — O come to our Communion feast, There, present in the heart, , As in the hands th' Eternal Priest Will His true strength impart. And yet such is the casuistry of Ritualism, that men like Dr. Pusey and Canon Liddon also have endeavoured to persuade the public as well as themselves that these two words "not," and " as, " mean here exactly the same thing ! ! ! (d) With regard to the doctrine of Auricular Confession, and its concomitant priestly absolu tion, for which the Ritualistic clergy are insist ing with so much pertinacity, can any one deny but that this is in direct opposition to the teaching of the Primitive Christians? as, e.g., Clement of Rome in the first century declared that "The Lord desired nothing of any man, save that confession be made to Him." ("Eph. to Cor." 52). And Hilary, Bishop of Poictiers, in the fourth century, as truly taught that "No one can forgive sins but God alone ; and, thorefore, He who absolves is God, be cause no one can absolve but God" ("Com. in Matt." c. viii). Hence the late Bishop Blom- field was fully warranted in declaring to the London clergy, in his " Charge " of 1S42, that, "Auricular Confession was a practice utterly unknown to the Primitive Church, one of the most fearful abuses of that of Rome, and the source of unspeakable abominations." The testimony of a Ritualistic clergyman personally known to me, who seceded to the Church of Rome, amply confirms Bishop Blomfield's con clusions. For he was so horrified at the appall ing iniquity which he discovered amongst the Roman priests of the present day in England, as the necessary result of the Confessional, that he was compelled to return to the mother whom he had once so ignorantly deserted and despised. 2ndly. We may notice the uncon cealed hatred which the Sacerdotal party have displayed for the last half century towards the Protestant Reformation and our glorious band of martyrs in the sixteenth century. Thus in Froude's Remains, published in 1835, we are expected to "hate the Reformation and the Reformers more and more." And the British Critic of July, 1841, declared that " the Pro testant tone of doctrine is essentially anti- Christian and that the object of the Tractarian party, the predecessors of the Ritualists, was "the un-Protestantizing of the National Church. As we go on we must recede more and more from the principles of the English Reformation." Hence one of the then leaders of the movement, Mr. Palmer, of Magdalen, wrote to Mr. Golightly — " I say anathema to the principles of Protestantism, and to all its forms and sects, and to all its denominations. Likewise to all persons who shall assert either for themselves or for the Church of England the principle of Protestantism " (p. 12). The Ritualists often betray great ignorance about' the principles which the Church of England holds and requires her members to believe ; but it is surprising that an English clergyman should be ignorant of the fact that the Sovereign, as supreme governor of the Church in all spiritual matters, as well as of the State, Avhen he confirms the contract with his subjects at the most solemn moment of his life, swears to maintain " the Protestant Reformed Religion as established by law" (The Coronation Oath : Phillimore's "Eccles. Law," I., p. 1060). In similar strains the Ritualistic party, by their accredited leaders and organs in the press, be tray their undisguised hatred of our Protestant Reformers and the Reformation. Thus the Church Times of March 14th, 1868, speaks of "the English Reformation as an unmitigated disaster. It was simply a hypocritical pretence' to veil an insurrection of lust and avarice; against religion. The reformation of religion was taken in hand by a conspiracy of adulterers,; mnrderers, and thieves." And Dr. Littledale, in a lecture delivered at Liverpool in the month following, and in order not to be outdone in the race of revilers, affirmed that though "the Jacobins, Robespierre, Danton, and Marat, sinned deeply in cruelty, impiety, and licentious foulness, they were left far behind in all these particulars by Cranmer, Ridley, and Latimer " (" Innovations," pp. 15, 31). In order to prove his undying hatred of the Reformers, and that such was his deliberate opinion of them, he addressed a letter to the Church Review, dated July 22nd, 1874, upwards of six yeare after the original charge was made, saying " If I had to re- write my lecture now, it would be my duty, in the interests of truth, to make the colours of the picture much darker than I actually did." I fear that the Rev. Dr. Littledale's idea of truth must be very similar to that of the famous Jesuit, Ignatius Loyola, when he taught, aecording to Cardinal Wiseman, "In order that we may attain the truth, we ought to hold it as a fixed principle that what I see white I believe to be black, if the hierarchial Church so defines it to be." Must we not say of such religious teachers, in the words of the Divine Master, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do." Srdly. Finally, I would call your attention to the persistent efforts of this party to unite the Reformed Church of England with the doomed and fallen Church of Rome. This I take to be the shibboleth of the Ritualistic party, whether it be expressed in the mild language of Dr, Pusey, that "the Council of Trent, whatever its looks may be, and our Articles, whatever their look may be, each could be so explained as to be reconcilable one with the other" ("English Church Union Address of 1866 ") or in the more naked form in which the Church News of July 7th, 1869, puts it, that "the English Church was really one with the Church of Rome in faith, orders, and sacra ments." Hence the Rev. Gerald Cobb, in his " Kiss of Pease," affirms that " the Church of England holds precisely the same view of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper as the Church of Rome" (p. 108). The Union Review, which I believe ranks highest in point of literary ability of the Ritualistic organs, contained in, its number for July, 1867, a letter from a person calling himself a " Catholic Layman," in which was advocated corporate union with -Rome in the following terms— " We give our people the real doctrine of - the Moss : the name will come of itself by and by. . . So with regard to the worship of the Blessed Virgin— we shall only be able to establish this by slow and cautious steps. . . In some of our most popular hymn-books the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception is most distinctly im plied. . . It is reasonable to hope that twenty years hence Catholicism will have so leavened our Church that she herself in her corporate capacity will be able to say to Rome, ' Let the hands which political force, not spiritual choice, have parted these three hundred years, be ouce more joined.' We are one with Rome in faith, and we have a common foe to fight. . . The work now going on in England is an earnest and carefully organised attempt on the part of a rapidly-increasing body of priests and laymen to bring our Church and country up to the full standard of the Catholic faith and practice, and eventually to plead for her union with Rome " (pp. 402-412). The Union Review at that time was under the editorship of Dr. F. G. Lee, in cumbent of All Saints', Lambeth, and editor of the notorius Directorium Anglicanum, a work Avhich very fairly represents "the idolatry to bo abhorred by all faithful Christians " respecting the Lord's Supper, or, as it is there boastingly termed, " Morning Mass," after the manner of Rome. This same Dr. Lee published, in 1867, a volume of Essays on the Re-union of Christen dom, with an Introductory Essay by Dr. Pusey, the produce of many minds, but on the prin ciple of ex uuo disce omnes, we may fairly gather the opinions of the Ritualistic party, in their intense longing after Rome, from the fol lowing passage, — " The marvel is, that Roman Catholics, whatever their views may be, do not sec the wisdom of aiding us to the. utmost. Admitting that we are but a lay body, with no pretensions to the name of a Church, we yet, in our belief (however mistaken) that we are one, are doing for England that which they cannot do. .We are teaching men to believe that God is to be worshipped under the form of bread, and they are learning the lesson from us, which they have refused to learn from the Roman teachers which have been among us for the last 300 years. We are teaching men to endure Avillingly the pain of confession, which is an in- tensetrial to thereserved Anglo-Saxon nature, and to believe that a man's ' I absolve thee ' is the voice of God. . On any hypothesis, we are doing their work" (p. 180). Such are the current views to be found in the literature of those three forms of error which we have noticed under the heads of Infidelity, Spiritualism, and Sacer dotalism, and - which, like the three frogs of the Apocalyptic writer, may be considered as " the spirits of demons, (i.e. dead men and women, not ' devils,' as in the Authorised Version) working miracles which go forth under the kings of the earth and of the whole world " (Rev. xvi. 14). But although, as it has been well said, we have everything to hope and nothing to fear from the advancement of true science ; or, as Professor Bicks expresses it, " there is no cause whatever for alarm in the growth of what calls itself scientific disbelief there can be no doubt in the mind of any who remember the apostle's exhortation to " contend earnestly for the faith once for all committed to the saints," of the incalculable value of such an excellent institution as the Christian Book Society, whose noble aim is to stay the plague in the multitudinous forms which at present afflict our Church and country, and which, 'as being distinctly Evangelical in its principles; is far better calculated to succeed than any other machinery in connection with the Reformed Protestant Church of England. 