Serious Matter for Graziers. We (Tamut Times) are informed that an the 20th nit. a, mob of cattle belonging to Mr. Jtt'Kenzie, butcher, of Cootamundra, that had been travelling for about a week were put into a paddock at Brungle for the night, and on tbe following morning the per ron in charge was astonished to find the dead carcases of thirty-five head, very much swollen, this mortality having been caused by their eating a poisonous thistle of a green and white colour which occupies the place of Krass thereabouts. ItalsoaboundsaUovertheBrungle Ilun and the adjoining selections, and will in a short nme, it not eradicated, over-run ali tne land in ttat locality; consequently the mortality amongst live etock depasturing thereon will be something alarming. And the landed property muBt as anatural consequence deteriorate in value. At the present time, in fact, owners of stock axe afraid to ruk cattle or sheep nn this pasture. At Gundagai, we learn that Mr. M'Kunzie lost fifteen head more from the same cause. Can any of our readers suggest any quickyand effec tive method of destroying the poisonous weed re ferred to. An error occurred in our yesterday's issue, in wliich the name of. Mr. HiUiard appeared as the win ner of the Champion Skating Cup. at the Exhibition on Saturday evening. Mr. Alfred Wyburd, the champion skater of New Zealand, was the winner of the cup. We understand that Mr. Wybnrd intends to open a skatinp rink in Sydney, and we feel sure that the public will give its support to that healthful and pleasing amusement. The Colonial Sugar Refining Company expect to resume operations at their mills on the Clarence River early in July, when employment will be offered to a Luge number of men. The GrrLTj HAi.L.5jnie attendance at the Guild Hall during the last week has been very good, and the greatest satisfaction has been expressed at the enter taioment. The incidents under tbe new programme are more bewildering than those which made the 'ghost' eo famous, and all attempts to fathom the mysteries have failed. To-night there wu) be some new features, and a couple of noun1 thorough amuse ment may be -expected. ' 