) THE PHANTOM M I N E E. ) ("A storij of the old gold digging days.) " Tell you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale old > gentleman of 70 years. " Well, I will relate a peculiar affair that happened on T.all mans Gully, in 1859." ( We were all attention, and listened to the very remark able narrative he related in the following manner : ' "You must know," eommenced my uncle, "that T and I four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the river — living, I said, I .should have called it existing, for ' we were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to I keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday's work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were every night disturbed in our rest by the ciink, clink, clink of a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did not cease until the break of day. One night we were determined to see who it was ; so we sallied forth in the bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an old claim which had been deserted for many ye.ars. I was chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger; but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's clothes was ?iii living m.rm, but a skeleton " Uncle Ned !" we .all cried, '-how fearful." " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- to-do looking m.an, of about fifty years of age, who enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. He told us that in '51 he and a mate of his deserted from one of Her Majesty's .ships, and started for the T.allm.ans gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few .months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to see about some letters. Before he went, he said to his mate, 'Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the claim for a da3'' until I come back.' Bob promised, and they parted.: ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- digger, ' and there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on bo.ard I and. now th.at I have obtained my discharge, I have hastened up here to find ray old ehum.' ' You will see him to-night,' I s.aid; ' but j'ou'll find him very much changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the ph.antom's jnck was heard, and we all turned out. 'Ah 1 ' cried the sailor, ' there's dear old Bob. Bob, here I am back. Bob, speaik to me.' He ran to the figure, which turned its hideous face on him. With aloud shriek the seeker fell senseless on the ground. The ghost threw down its pick, and vanished. In the morning we discovered tke poor sailor a raving lunatic." " Oh, uncle Ned, what a fearful story." " Well, you asked me to tell yon a story, and I have done so." " Then, it is not true ? " " Well, said our uncle, laughing, " it is as time as many of the absurd yarns that got about during the raging of the gold fever. Ah, those were strange daj's, when men would undergo any amount of privation for a few ounces of gold. How di'lfefent it is now ; for should a man be pushed for a large or small amount all that he has to do is to hare an interview with DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street east, Who has from £5 to' .£10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills of s.ale (with or without security), salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per sons may be entitled to from England and eksewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and mortgages from 6 per cent. 