ROSE, SHAMROCK, THISTLE. AND LEEK. The Kose.—The intestine wars which bo long devastated England were curried on under the symbols of the Red and White Hose. The adherents of the House of Lan caster chose the red rose as their mark of distinction, whilst those of York chose the white. This fratricidal war continued uutil the union of the roses by the marriage of Henry VII. with Priucess Elizabeth, daugh ter of Edward IV.. in 1480, since which time tlse rose has continued to bo the emblem of England. The Shamrock.—When St. Patrick landed in Ireland to oonvert the Irish, in 432, the pagan inhabitants were ready to stone hiin. He requested to be heard, and endeavored to explain God to them as the Trinity in Unity; but theyd;d-not under stand him until he plucked a trefoil, or shamrock, from the ground, and said, " Is it not as possible for the Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost to bo one as for these three leaved to grow upon asinglestalki" "Then," says Brand, " the Irish wore convinced, and became converts to Christianity; and in memory of that event they have ever since worn the shamrock as a badge of honor. The Thistle.—When the Danes invaded Scotland, on one occasion, they resolved to adopt a stratagem, and in order to prevent the Scots from detecting them they marched barefoot. The Danes thought they should reach the camp in a few minutes, when, ou a sudden, a man who went forward was wounded by a stout Scotch thistle, so that he could uot help crying out loudly with pain. This noise roused the camp; the Scots flaw to arms and the Danes were vanquished. The thistle was afterwards adopted as the in signia of Scotland. The Lbkk.—On a certain occasion King Cadwalla met a Saxon army. In order to distinguish hU men from the Saxons he j placed -.i leek in each of their hats; and hav- | ing gamed a decisive victory over their enemies, the leek becamo ever after the badge of the Welsh. INTERCOLONIAL BlFLE M.ITCU.—It Will be interesting (sa-ys the Ar<jus) to the shooting men of the colony to learn that there is now every probability o;: the intercolonial rille matches with New South Wales being renewed this year. During the recent visit to Sydney of Captain Blannin, the jiou. secretary of the Victorian Rifle Association, he had several interviews with the principal shooting men of that colony, and at a meeting of the council of tho New' South Wales Rifle Association conditions were agreed to, subject to their being'ratified by the council of tho V.R.A. and by the officers com manding the volunteer forces of the respective colonies. These conditions were, that there should be 20 man a.-iide, as heretofore, hut-that the match should be a two days' one, and shot with different weapons on cither day. X'lis is owing to the fact that the Victorian volunteers are armed with tho Martini-Henry rifle, while the New South' Wales volunteers are armed with tho Heury rifle. The two teams will therefore fire on one day with the Henry, and on the other day with the Martini-Henry rifle. The New South Wales men hava promised to hand over to our team Heury rifles for practice on the day they land in Sydney, on the under standing that our men will take over a supply of Martini-Henry rifles, so as ta allow them the same amount of practice. This is, however, a question that wili have to be referred to the commandants of the two colonies, and if per mission is not granted to take the requisite number of Martini-Henry rilles from licre the match will again fall through, and as there has been no intercolonial- match since 1S75 thia would be a matter of regret. A meeting of the council of tho V.K.A. will shortly be held to consider the whole question. Yankee Ixquisitiveness.—Lieut. Colonel Sir James E. Alexander, in his " Passages in tho Life of a Soldier," gives the follavriag anecdote. " There was but few passengers going east in the car with tne, which was calculated to hold fifty. A down-cast Yankee, lean and tall, wag among them, seated hehind a widow ; after several efforts, he ' caught her eye'—and addressed her. ' In affliction.'' 'Yea sir!' she replied. 'Parents, father or mother?' ' No, sir.' 'Child, p'raps—a boy or girl?' '2so sir, not a child,' she answered; ' X . have ne children.' 'Husband then, 'xpect?' ' Yes,'was the short reply. 'Hum —chelory? a tradin' man, mebbe?' "My husband was a seafaring man the captain of* vessel-; he didn't die of cholera, he was drowned!' ' Oh! drowned,eh?' criedtheother, and after a moment's consideration he con tinued, 'Save his chistf 'Yes, the vessel was saved, and my husband's effects.' ' Was they ?' said ihe interrogator, his eye brighten ing. 'Pious man?' 'He wn3 a member of the Methodist church.' 'Don't you think you've got great cause to be thankful that ho was a pious man, and saved his chist?' ' 1 do,' said the widow abruptly, and looked out of the window. For the last time the Yankee returned to the attack, and leaning over the back of the seat he said confidentially, ' Was you cale'latin' to get married again?' ' Sir,' said the widow, ' you are impertinent!' acd moved to the other side of the car. ' Pears to be a little huffy,' said the bore, turning to a passenger behind him; 'she needn't b» mad ; I didn't waut to hurt her feelings ■ What did they make you pay for that um brella you've in your hand!' " 