Jlmtt&enttttts.; THEATRE ROYAL. MACBETH. The grand old favourite tragedy " Macbeth" took the place of " Henry IV." at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, when a good house assembled to witness its produc tion, the gallery especially being densely packed. The piece was placed upon the stage in an unusually effective manner, and it was easy to see that in the improved arrangements the - experience of the veteran actor and manager had been called into play. Mr. Creswick assumed the title role in the artistic and finished manner that is always expected from him. The contrast between the character of the treacherous Thane and that of the swaggering, rollicking, bragga docio Falstaff is so marked as to prove the claim of the man who can adequately portray both to be considered a first-classall-round actor. Though the part taxed his physical powers to a consider able degree, Mr. Creswick succeeded admirably in portraying the various phases of the mind of the cruel murderous usurper. He plainly depicted the man's physical bravery and mental cowardice, and in the more telling passages entirely carried his audience with him, so that he was repeatedly recalled and loudly applauded. Locke's beautiful music was well performed. As Hecate Miss Lottie Graham made a very suc cessful appearance, and her clear, well-cultivated voice was heard to the greatest advantage in the fine solo parts. So much were her vocal efforts admired that at the end of each of her solos there was a round of applause, and on one occa sion she was enthusiastically encored in the middle of the performance, and had to repeat the passage which so delighted her auditors. The honour is an unusual one under the circum stances, and certainly appeared a trifle incongruous. In the mounting of the piece one of the most notable improvements was in the arrangement of the scene in the Castle of Inverness, which was made to appear like the courtyard of a feudal castle, with mas sive main entrance, heavy stone gallery leading to the upper rooms, and doorways opening off in various directions. A good effect was pro duced when Macduff sounds the alarm after the murder by the inmates streaming out of the different doors and from the gallery above, where soldiers stand with lighted torches, and as the curtain descends the scene of the murder is displayed through a trans parency. The same method was employed in the second scene with the witches, when the eight crowned figures were made literally to " come like shadows, so depart." One matter of arrangement we object to; that is making the ghoBt of Banquo appear and sit in the chair at the feast. As we have before said, when an apparition is supposed to be seen by one man alone out of a large company, it simply produces a ridiculous effect to introduce a too palpable presence which is seen by the whole house. This scene may be made infinitely more telling if Macbeth addresses the empty chair, unless, indeed, the genuine ghost illusion as invented by Professor Pepper should be employed. MR. CRESWIUK'8 SHYLOCK. The popular "Merchant of Venice" was pre sented at the Royal on Wednesday night to a moderate house, the attendance having been apparently influenced by the threaten ing weather. Those who stayed away may be assured that they missed a rare treat, for Mr. Creswick'a presentation of the principal part was one not often seen in an ordinary lifetime. Taken as a whole we have certainly witnessed nothing to equal it in Adelaide. There are surely few characters which have been more misunderstood by audiences and more misrepresented by actors than that of the vindictive Venetian Jew. The time is not so long gone by since the part was made a low comedy one. with the object probably of heaping more obloquy on the head of the detested Hebrew, and in still more recent times Sbylock was made I to appear' as an incarnate fiend, without a redeeming featme. whose malice was as intense as it was apparently motiveless; The flight that modern knowledge unbiassed by prejudice has thrown upon the characteristics of a long enduring, much-maligned race has however given later impersonators of the part the cub which has enabled them to present old Shy lock in his true form? so that now, instead of an [ arch fiend, an embodiment of malignant cruelty, l we have a much-tried man, hard and worldly xb is true, but aman who, never having experienced a -jot of the true Christian feeling in any of his dealings with the professors of the creed of charity and goodwill to all men, seeks to " better the instruction" in the " villany" he has been taught. - Hounded from city to city, scoffed at, misused, reviled, penned up in close unhealthy quarters as though too unclean to mingle with their liberal and enlightened Christian perse cutors, the only wonder is that the Jews did not become what their slanderers represented them to be, instead of being, as they always had been, peaceable, law-abiding, in dustrious people. They doubtless had and have their national vices, as have every nation under the son; bnt the example they have so long held up to the world of patient thrift, charity, chastity, and sobriety far outweighs their short comings. "With the perception of a true artist Mr. Creswick has taken account of all this in filling out his impersonation of Shylock the Jew. He makes him a well- dressed, grave, plausible citizen; permits his vindictiveness to be plainly seen; but on the other hand displays the man's affection for his unthankful daughter, and causes his kindly feeling to the loutish Launce lot to be plainly perceived. In the earlier scenes Mr. Creswick was effective, but in -the later he was grand. The ungovernable torrent of rage which overcomes Shylock when he hears of his daughter's flight .and the pathos which he throws into his tones when speaking of the ring which he had from Leah when a bachelor were strikingly impressive and evoked loud andhearty applause. But it was in the trial scene that Mr. Creswick achieved his greatest triumph. The eagerness with which the now utterly relentless man thirsts for the only vengeance he can hope for, and his careless rejection of the immense profit which is offered him to forego his revenge—and which had he notjbeen wrought up to such a pitch of animosity towards his Chris tian persecutors most otherwise have tempfcedhim —were forcibly and artistically brought out; and the despair, and hopeless, helpless resentment of the baffled man at the close of the scene when foiled and jeered at on all sides fairly electrified the audience. In the latter part of this act especially Mr. Creswick succeeded in doing what very few actors have been able to effect— that is, he drew forth the full sympathy of his audience for the deeply wronged and vindictive Jew. At the close of the scene, before any one else was allowed to proceed with his part, Mr. Creswick was recalled and greeted with a long continued hurst of cheering from all parts of the house. 