' TOE EDITOR. Tmeditor who wills to plesne Muft humbly crawl upon hu kneos, Aiiii kim the hand« that beat him ; Or, if he dare uttomnt to walk, Miltt toe the mark that others chalk, And cringe to all that meet him. Ban one, your subjects are too grave — TiM'jnneh morality you have — jZoo much religion ; Om'dw join* witch or vizard tatea, Will gUp'-ihod ghosts, with fins and scales, pr feathers like a pigeon. I »ve to read, another oriat, Tfepu monstrous fashionable lies— Jjn other words, those noTels, Composed of king* and queens and lords, Qfborder wan and Gothic hordes, SThat used to live in hovels. ip— do, aries oat, we're had enough I such oonfounded love-lick stuff i To orate the fair creation ; fie us some reoent foreign news, i Russians, Turks -the Cheeks and Jam, Or any other nation. he man of drilled scholastic lore fouli like to see a little more In scraps of Greek and Latin ; !he merchants rattier have the prioe )f Southern indigo and rios, Of India silk or tatin. Another cries, I want more fun, 1 witty anecdote or pun, ? A isbus or a riddle; Some long for missionary news, , And some— of worldly, carnal views— ' Would rather hear a fiddle., The oritic, too, of classic skill, Mint dip in gaii his gander quill, . And sorawl against tho paper ; )£ all the llternry fool. .-- i~, - trad in our celleges and schools, - He cuts the silfiost caper. Another cries, I want to see A. jumbled up variety — Variety in all things ; ? A miscellaneous hodge-podge print Composed— I only give th6 hint— Of multifarious small things. I want some marriage news, says Miss, It constitutes my highest bliss, « To hear of weddings plenty ; ? For in a time of general rain, None suffer from a drought, 'tis plain, At least not.one in twonty. I want to hear of deaths, says one, Ofnoople totally undone By losses, fire, or weather ; Another answers, full as wise, Fd rather have the fall and rise Of wool, of akin, and leather. Some signify a secret wish For now and then a savoury dish Of politics to suit them ; Bnt here we rest at perfeot ease, For should they swear the moon was cheese, We aerer should dispute them. Or grave or humorous, wild or tame, Lofty or low, 'tis all the same, Too haughty or too humble ; And every editorial wight Has nought to doubt but what is right, And let the grumbler grumble. 