A WOK AT CANTON. 'y Jr No. IL "-í¿ / C .-14i«7</< </ from Ihr A rg««. J OF glass tho Chinaman makes much./' It appears tu bj blown in egg-shaped pieces of very huge alo and very thin quality. At none of the Jillrra where I saw glass working going on wcrcliny flat sheets of it to bc seen. Ont of those llrgc glass bubbles, as they ap- peared to bc, nie artisans -were cutting pieces uf different sizis for purposes, I think, of fan oiimuicutationlaiid toy mirror making, when the glass shoull be silvered. 'J'iie temple If the laughing Buddha is one of thc curios If Canton. 1 was, however, quite full of tin» ligure, whether with laugh- ing face or mil. I had seen lind'Ilia all through thc Kaat everwhere, and could draw thc figure on aiwooden wall w ith a red hot pulser with my ryes shut. After the gland I Buddha figure eleu at Kunakura, in Japan, in its fifty feet Vhigb sublimity, all other | Buddhist iigures were insipid. j No ¿¿oíd or sihVr smiths' shops wci'e seen ! hy mc anywhere il Canton. They exist, no ; doubt, somcwherelabout the city, in places ' where no wares orelsbown to the public eye, 1 but kept, as in mast liastern cities, locked np in boxes and Vlrawei's, and exhibited ' only at visitors' \ request. Thc Jade j market was the Vicrsonal ornament of j Canton. Husmoss * over there at 10 \ o'clock a.m. I ifacfccd it at its busiest j time, Bluntly before it\ closing fur the day, | and before the begiuiuVg of thc festival of j tile Chínese new jtar, whën every one mue look gay, or aa ncadto it as coloured cloth: and ornaments wiUlhelp, Jade is a green] white stone of watery appearance, a sort < agate malachite 01 malachite agate. Th Chinese set great v lue on this stone; a Botts of ornaments are made of it-corni hacks, rings, and ear ings. A Chinese woma must be very poor i ideed who has not jad earrings. Where wi it Iras really reached t that low depth imita ion gkas-jsde work ha to be substituted. The wearer is, howevci unhappy with this substitute, which to Chinese eye is seen at once to be but imitt tion. A foreigner's < ('os do not ea soon deter, it. Hundreds of sin ps and Btalle were ope in this Canton jade ii arket, and trade eeeine to Ire brisk. The i -tictes were, however, i European ideas all n ich too expensive. Jad is not by any men is so pleasant- looking stone as the greenst me of Kew Zealand, ] looks a commoner thing altogether. Ye double thc price i sked for greenstone i New Zealand is ai ted in Canton for till iode stuff. Who i Canton waa take ny thc English in 18 9, much of this jade wa taken away as loo by the soldiers, but i failed to find favour in any but Chinese erei and brought no fe tune-sold I thinJÉUo farthings elsewhere. ^^^B _ In Canton, as t) ¡oughont India aHH Hast generally, are tails for the sale ôTth betel nut chewing p eparation. It is a cort pound of nut, grce i leaf, and a stuff calle gambier, with a littl lime and tobacco added This abomination, i died in the green leaf, i sold in halls at foin for a penny, or its equi valent. It makes ard mixture when chewed and gives to all the men and women who us it-about linlf the leople-the appearance t having a bleeding routh. It blackens an destroys the teeth. Thc chewing of this stu! and the smoking of < dum are ead vices of th Chinese. Tobacco chowing, like to enufi taking, is disappear ng in Great Britain, bu tho Chinaman is not ipen to reform He is b; religion n fatalist, t id would answer "ch sara sara " to aU otbuments intended for hi good. If he did ndjt he would probably asl for the loan of 5 dob/ as a test of one's interés rjHH«s welfare. I afeitthc further si le of the city from th p-WKriis to be fouu I the live- storied uagods It stands on thc ran! ports, and on the higbcf ground within Cant ju, It is a stiff walk t reach it, but thc v >w from thc summit, o'e city and suburb, ri pays the toil. Looking outwards from the ¡ty side is to be seen stretch of country or miles-all tolled wit! graves. I am lookinj here at tbs cemetary c Canton. Ali Kum, w th finger and long chu of u nail extended, pc nts out to me the grav of his father-rcferri ig to Iiis watch to b quite accurate as to tl ¡ locality. It cost hiv this grave, he said £70. These ancestro tombs arc often visited by deceased's kith am kin. Hereabout they aro shaped like thre i large horseshoes laid oi a slope. In the middl of the second one is the door within which th I collin hos been placed, A semicircular court ! yard of four feet o ? so across is thu left in front and be ow, and also above and at thc rear of thc < ltrance. Tasty stone work in many instance makes these graves o a very neat appearanc . They satisfy one'i ideas about tombs. ( únese civilisation look, well in all matters coi lected with death ant tho tomb, respect to ¡ urente, and veneratioi of ancestry. They an ahead in those matten of all mankind. Tl ey are fond of theil children, and cling t > them until povert] forces thom to sell their clothing. Th« children are not sold until ail else is gone With Ah Kum I go ti a Chinese tea-house tc have a mid-day meal. He tells me I shall not like it ; but I have ta ;n many meals of thal sort, more so than of c y other. It is tiffin time in Ct iton. The tea-house 1 go to is three storicB I igh, and each floor ii used as a restuaraut. j 'Tie staircase and walli arc in well-carved v lods of dark colour. The house evidently h is been a costly one. I am, in thc second flo ir, bid to sit at a little table for two in a roi n in which thirty oi forty are similarly scat d. A cup and eaucei arc brought to me. 1 ea is thrown into the cup, and hot water j mied «jion it. The saucer is then placed o er it, and thc tea left to "draw." A tray ful of confectionery and sweetmeats is next brought, and I am left tc choose from a dozen piaras that arc thus set before mc. One of thend proves to be eatable. "Try all things, and hom fast to that which i is good," occurs to mc, land I get the plate replenished. Thc teacul I now find to I« half-full of tea leaves. Tlc Chinese can drink their tea scalding liotA but I have te saucer mine, for the i weather is too hot to let ine hope of tts speedy cooling in the cup. No milk ir sugar ¡B sup- plied, but I had learnt a Jajian to take tea neat. I had that tcacuj refilled five times. Canton investigation is thin ty work with tho thermometer at 88 of a nu st heat. Every- body in the room seemed to >e tobacco smok- ing with pipe or cigar, catii) and drinking at the same time. Tue repast vas a light one, rice cakes and tea. I did a long afternoon's walk upon it, which testified its suitability to thc climate. In these tea houses, and ii) the steamboats, pleasure boats, hotels, and elsewhere, fire sticks are always to be found vith a smoulder- ing end to them. They are. nade in walking stick lengths of some pithy in ttter, and look aud feel like to sticks of cc npressed brown paper. A walking-stick Icu; th, broken up into six pieces, provides for a week's want of matches. All cigars and pipe i are lighted at these sticks. Kimmel would ot course, add perfume to them, and thon incense, would seem to burn in all houses. As congreve matches are gradually bein) introduced in China, these fire-sticks may g i out of use. lu the flint-aud-stecl days of Cr at Britain such sticks, always burning theirs ow length along, would have boen welcome-« auld have saved much knuckle-knocking om probable pro- fanity. AU day has Ah Kain berat titrions to take me to the execution ground, which he evi- dently regards as something JJ >od in the way of sights. I have asked lum f anyone is io be decapitated there, and he luis said "Not till next week-then 20-you slop." I have explained to him that the attraction is not ' great enough ; also, that aa empty execu- tion ground is only a vacatitajiiccc ot ground, , ¿nd to mc nothing to look *. I explain to t^tni also that I nm ignorant ht thc great and 3good who may have sufl'erci there with tho ibeastly and thc bad, and t at thorc aro no associations connected wit the execution ground that will people it pith ghosts and make it enchanted ground tc mc. He listens and looks at his watch, lie tickles his car, with one finger claw, and say - "Come mid seo thc hua i of skulls and bones ; all thc hair sticking to some of the skulls yet !" After that answer further emarks were un- necessary. It closed thc inltter. I dropped sentimentalising, and told Ali Kum to walk on, asking by thc way, wnat was the time. It so pleased him to (lull ai ; that wateb^Htt he walked on to do it and ft got Iiis ptHH^Vt By constantly keeping Inf pulling on^ftd. pocketing thc watch 1 kept im always I ^Ht my side. In that glow of 1 tppiness he^jmrnt his ankle, or rather what h< said hadayJrTt. Ile explained that he boil cen saving up for year to buy that watch and he pciicilcasc. It was one of the strange inst! nces in which the possession seemed to give t io happiness that generally only attends i he pursuit. He worshipped his baubles mot itiiau his Buddha, foi' hu told inc that he nevi . went to worship. " Send my wife and childrc i instead, and give them thc money." Afterall icperha)isattendcd substantially to what the inests might have said was thc principal part of thc business. Wo had by this lime lea :hc<l thc execution ground, and lo ! it was a p Itcr'fi yank Space is too valuable to be waste 1 in Canton. Busy artisans wore herc worki ig at their wheels and moulding pitchers, jt ¡s, and basins over the blood-stained grnimc Thc skulls and bones of which Ah Km i had spoken vero piled agaiust the side wal Thc sight of tho li.nY attachments was wau ¡Hg- The dogs «nd rat« had no doubt account id for that. "You can take any of thc skul B you fancy." snid Ah Kum, for which san Ultu 1 retorted by asking ajiain how- the time went. I wanted to sec thu headsman's block, hut was told that thc decapitation was dune without it, one cut generally eufucinjr if the kneeling criminal held his neck Bte dy. " They alway» do that for tlieir own sa) i, said Ah Kum. "Have you t en executions here lately?" "No, never i onie to thom now. There were thirty exec ited here a month ago," It seemed a gr at sacrifice until one looked at tho supersuuii lance of humanity that exists in crowded Chin , and thought of the millions that might be wc 1 parted with for tho benefit of the others. I toked at in that Frenchman's sort of light, thii clearing away of the people io batches of thii y seemed almost one of tho ways of provide* :e. As Chinamen a id women advance in years tiley become sfaz veiled and hideous beyond other humanity. Death must, I thought bc afraid to approacl some of thc ancient beings that I saw, who had for years been plainly flying the blue pe cr at the fore. MB. UoDtiLAs'slCoNSTrrnEscv.-The Noni Australind/* Zeituhj of March'10, thus oppor- tunely corrects a statement recently made by it as to Mr. Douglas' political movements - A notice appeared! recently in our journal to tho effect that Mr. Douglas would probably stand as a candidate for Toowoomba. Wc were inúrror on tie subject, and have since learneflkf Mr. Douglas prefers to continue to ndH| Maryborough, where he is very nopuIir.^TJie previously published paragraph reached us from Toowoomba itself, where the growing impopular; ty of Mr. Groom makes it necessary to cast ; bout for a more suitable representativo." A GOOD WOKÜ 'OB TUB JATAKESK LAUS. -The demeanor of the Japanese sailors (says tho Courier) who in such large numbers have visited Brisbane c tiring thc past week has been remarkable for good temper, order, and sobriety. Cleaner er smarter looking lads wc have seldom soon, aid their European officers state that nothing could ho more creditable than the state in will li they returned to their ship; iu fact, in.as good trim as when they went on shore. 1 othiug can exceed thc urbanity and attcnl ion with which visitors have been received o i board thc Tsukaba-kan, and we shall be gb d to see her again in our Waters. GBEAT PiiErAiuT ONS AT MAIIVHOROUHH. -Every nene is b jug strained (says the Maryborough Chronic c) by the loyal citizens of Maryborough to oom ilete tho preparations for the reception of his ixcellcncy the Governor in good time. Altin ugh the solid portion of the decoration of the town lias been in position for some days, and some progress has boen made in draping 1 icm with bunting and verdure, much still r nnained to be done when we went to press lost night, and it will take a hard morning's wor : to put everything into festival trim. Tin arrangements for the citicens' ball are w< ll advanced, the supper room being complete ill to the fitting up and inner adornments. Thc floor of the hall, under the manly tret 1 of our volunteers, has acquired a polish wi ich fits it admirably for dancing, but likewise a depth of colour which no scrubbing can n w lighten. Wc would suggest that after tl e bau-it is too late to attempt it previous] .'-the floor be waxed, after the maimer of II ist large assembly rooms in Eurone. A melloi -harmonious tint ÍB thus imparted to the boards, they last longer, and are much more gasily Kept clean. There aro plenty el foreign expel s in town who would undertake the procès . At thc further side of 4 tho Railw ty llescrvc, where the auspicious sod is to be cut, every- thing is being got il readiness for the ceremony, tho moat con picuous feature of the scene being a monster bower of ISO feet in length, under thc shade of which the working men's feast will be set i ut, and the merits of the Mayor's roast bulla k discussed with thc sid of the flanking cask )f ale. Mr. Harding, pyrotechnist, of Fortit de Valley, Brisbane, is busily engaged fillii ; and tying the fire woifa which are to be I t off on the same spot at TOO on Saturday evi ling, and which coin Çrise many pieces of gri it variety and beauty, he time chosen for tilt display will enable it to be seen to great ai vantage, as thc moon will not rise for more t an an hour after it is over. At tbe couclusioi a Montgolfier balloon will be sent up, for the turnóse of announcing the commencement of the first Wide Bay railway to tho inhabitants of other spheres. Of the Friendly or Bcnclt Societies who were requested to communicate with the Mayor their intention of joinim; in tho procession, five responded to tho invitation. Thc order in which they should 1 be marshalled was settled by lot as follón*:-!. "Germania" Verein. S, Protestant {Alliance. 3. Kkan dinkviske Forening. 4.1I.O.G. Templars. 5. I.O.O.F., U.V. > 