IRELAND. THE LATE LORD LEITRIM — THE INQUEST. Last week we mentioned that an inquest had been held on the remains of Lord Lei trim and his servants, and we noted the ver dict of the jury. We now subjoin from the Freeman a report of the evidence of the servant Kincaid, who witnessed the struggle between Lord Leitrim and his murderers : — I knew the late Earl of Leitrim, whose body the jury has just seen. Yesterday morning, about half-past 8 o'clock, the deceased Earl of Leitrim, whose private servant I was, left his Donegal residence, at Manor Vaughan, for the purpose of coming to Milford, on his way to the county Leitrim. When we left Manor Vaughan there were two outside cars. On the first was the late Earl of Leitrim. John Macken, his clerk, and Charles Bu chanan, the driver. The car which his lord ship was on belonged to Mr. M'Devitt, of Milford, and had been at Manor Vaughan since the preceding Friday. The other car, on which I travelled, belonged, to Michael Logue. I had the luggage with me, and left at the same time as the other car. They had gone on first. The horse in my car was lame, and we were not able to go on as fast as the other, so we fell a little behind. I had no talk with his lordship or any other person on his car after we left Manor Vaughan, as we were not within ordinary speaking distance till after the murder was committed. Shortly after leaving we passed two carts on the road coming in the same direction as ourselves. I did not observe anyone on the road after that. The first thing I heard was the report of a shot at Woodcourt Wood. When we came to the wood I was less than 250 yards behind. I had lost sight of his lordship, owing to a turn in the road. I was just coming in sight of him again when I heard the report. When I heard it I asked Logue if he had heard anything. He said ' Yes.' I heard two shots immediately after in advance of us. I was at that time in sight of the other car, which was about 250 yards in front of me. After I had heard the shots I turned to Logue and asked did he hear that, and he said he ' saw smoke.' I then saw that John Macken and the driver were off the car. I did not see the flash of the guns, but I saw the smoke come on toward the car from the trees on the side next to the sea. Buchanan was lying in the road. I saw Macken getting to his feet off the ground and coming towards me. I saw a black object lying on the road at the moment, and when I came up I recog nised it as Buchanan. I told Logue to drive on. The horse stood, and would not go on though he was whipped. I got off the car and then ran to meet Macken. Just as he came up to me he put his arms round mo and told me he was shot. How far was he at the moment from tho first car ? About a hundred yards. Did you see Lord Leitrim at tho time? I did not see him then, but I saw him a second or two before that on the car. I put Macken upon my car. By a juror— Was there anyone else on the road at the time ? Not one .- I could not see one sir. By the Coroner— After Macken was put on the car he got off and said he would die. He asked me to return to Manor Vaughan. He said we would be all murdered if wo did not I did not go back. At this time did you notice what was going on in front? I saw Lord Leitrim getting ofif the car, and saw two men in front quarrelling with him. I heard two shots fired. Macken caught me a second time and said ' I am done.' He then got weak and never spoke again. With Logue's assistance we took him back a little up the hill and laid him against the ditch. I left Macken on the ditch. Two shots more were fired on the road after Lord Leitrim got off the car. I could see his white hair as he stood on the road. I could not see whether he had lost hold of the reins before getting off the car. After I heard the last shots fired I saw a man taking up a weapon to his Lordship. There were then two men on the road with him behind the car. I saw no man getting over the ditch. I don't know where the men came from. I saw a struggle then going on between Lord Leitrim and the two men. I saw his lordship raising up his arms and two more shots were fired. During the struggle one man took up a weapon. I did not see what it was. I did not hear Lord Leitrim say anything. I heard the voices, but did not know what they were saying. I do not know whether Lord Leitrim was knocked down by the blow he got. It appeared to be a heavy weapon of a reddish colour. I turned round to Logue and asked him to jump up on the car and come on. He said he would not, and told me not to attempt to go — that any person who would go there would be murdered. I did not go forward for some time. I heard no more shots. When Lord Leitrim disappeared the men on the road also disappeared from my sight while I was turning round to Logue, and I could not tell which way they went. Did you see what sort of men they were? I did not, sir, but I thought they were grey coats. Did they seem to be disguised ? I do not know ; I did not see their faces. I did not hear any rustling in the platform. I did not hear any person in the plantation speak to them. Can you form any opinion, from the timo you heard the first shot until the men dis appeared what time elapsed ? It might be ten minutes until I got up. Buchanan was lying on the road dead, when I got up to where Lord Leitrim was. I lifted him from the middle of the road to the side of tho road, to let the car pass. When I got up to Lord Leitrim he was lying partly on his side, with his head in the water. He was dead. I did not notice where his hat was. Nothing attracted my attention about the men I saw on the road until I saw two men rowing a boat across the water. Were there any others in the boat? .I could not say. I saw the two men pulling the boat. Did they seem to be going from where the shots had been fired ? Yes, sir; straight across. Did you notice whether the men rowing the boat had grey coats on them ? They had not, sir ; they wore dark ones. I lifted Lord Leitrim' s body on our car. His own horse had gone on as far as Cratloe Wood. During all this time did you see anybody else on the road ? When I got as far as a little lane I saw a girl standing by the side of the road. She asked me what was wrong and said a little boy had stopped the horse. I made no answer, but walked on until I came up with the horse. I don't know who she was.- When I got up the little boy (Patrick M'Bride) was sitting on the side of the car. I got on that car then, and turned the horse to Milford. I called to Mr. Clarke on my way, and told him Lord Leitrim was shot. I met two policemen further on, and told them to go back upon Logue's car. I came on to Milford. Helped afterwards to bring the bodies into Milford. Macken died coming in on the car. Did Lord Leitrim carry arms, do you know? He did. He did not use them at all ? I don't know. By a Juror — I had a view of the boat going across the bay as I was coming into Milford.! By Mr. Crawford M'Kay, solicitor— Was it known at Manor Vaughan that Lord Lei trim was coming that way yesterday morning? It was, I believe. About how long was it known ? It Was known since Sunday. Do you know how ? His lordship told me to order Logue's car on Sunday to be at Manor Vaughan at eight o'clock on Tuesday morning. The following day he was recalled :— Ho was aware that Macken was not dead when he drove away for help on the road to Milford. ' By tlie Coroner — were you iu the hollow in which Cratloe Wood lies when you heard «:/ the last two shots ? Not exactly. I had not descended into the hollow. I was not in a position that commanded a view of the lake. When I got into the hollow I saw the men on the road, but I could only see their backs. Before I came up to where Lord Leitrini was lying I saw the boat going across the bay. There could not have been more than one man at each oar. The boat had, of course, pushed off before I got up to where Lord Leitrini lay. Did you see the boat after you had lifted Lord Leitrim ? I did. Where were you then? It was just before I entered the thick part of the wood. I saw it for a moment after lifting Lord Leitrim's head. I could not see it afterwards, because . the island shut it out of view. On [Friday week, also, a policeman and a bailiff of Lord Leitrim were examined. We quote from the Freeman: — _ Sub- Constable James M'Einney examined, said he was on patrol duty in the townland of Rosgar on the morning of the murder, when he met liincaid and Logue. In com pany with Logue, -witness hastened along the road to where the bodies lay. Macken was ? still breathing, and died in witness's arms. There were present when witness arrived a man named Clarice and a boy named M'Bride. Clarke said he had been told of the murder by Kincaid. Witness saw no . boat on the lake, and did not look out for any. ; John Clarke, a bailiff on Lord Leitrim's , estate, deposed that Kineaid came to his house and shouted him to go to Cratloe Wood, and he would find Lord Leitrim there murdered. Witness brought with him a man named M'Bride, whom he met on the road. On reaching the spot he found the dead bodies of the earl and of Buchanan. ; Macken was still breathing heavily. He was leaning against a ditch on the side of the road. Witness found a pistol tying on the roadside. The earl's bod}- was cold, and : was lying in a pool of blood and water. Witness removed it to another part of the ; road. Seeing he could render no assistance to his lordship, witness went to where the , driver lay, some distance away, with a rug ?wrapped round his feet. He was also dead. Macken was breathing heavily. His topcoat ?was closely buttoned, and witness unloosed it. When doing so he discovered that there ' was a wound on one side of the head. He .;, did not speak. Witness spoke to him and .called him by name, but he did not answer. A few minutes afterwards the police arrived. There was nobody .else except himself and M'Bride. He did not see any boat on the .,.., water. The Coroner stated, on behalf of the jury, ' that if any subscription was got up with the object of discovering the perpetrators of the '.outrage they were 'ready to contribute as ??'.',.' jurors to the best of their ability. He wished also to state, on behalf of Mr. M'Gusty, the Dublin solicitor of the Leitrim family, that he (Mr. M'G-usty) had this ?morning received a communication from the present Earl expressing his heartfelt sym pathy with the f amiliesof the victims ox the outrage. EOTAL RECOGNITION OF IRISH BRAVERY. It having been reported to the Crown Prince of Austria that the Austrian brig Olinska had been wrecked during the storm ... off the Xish Bank, near Kingstown, and that the crew had been saved by the brave con duct of the Kingstown lifeboat, his imperial ., highness immediately gave orders that, from '? his private purse, an award of £30 should be remitted to the lifeboat crew, and their con duct reported to the Austrian Government for further consideration. A sum of £25 wa? ? also distributed by the prince amongst the shipwrecked crew. DROWNED. In the Times of a recent date the follow ing appears: — 'The only daughter of Sir .'/.Augustine Fitzgerald, Carrigoran, county ] Clare, was drowned on Tuesday evening at Spanish Point, Miltown Malbay, county ?V... .Clare, where she was on a visit with Mrs. ' and Major George Studdert, the agent over , her father's estate. The ladies were seated . .'? on Blackrock, and the tide having risen un ;\\... perceived by them, Miss Fitzgerald became alarmed, hastily ran, and, slipping from the rock, fell into the sea. In her endeavours ? ?'..' to extricate her, Mrs. Studdert was pulled in, as- was also Major Studdert, who was attracted to the spot by the cries for help. All three struggled until some fishermen ran .... to the rescue. Miss Fitzgerald was taken '?[, out quite dead. She was only about seven- . '. , teen years of age.' ? I3ALL1NASL0E FAIR. The business transactions in the cattle and sheep department:'; of this important fair opened at an early hour on Saturday morning, 9fch March. Before daybreak .the Leinster buyers were on the fair 'green in search of lots to suit their purpose. The supply in th.3 various departments was fully up to expectation, and & -largo amount of business Was transacted, particularly in the cattle Srj.tion. Business did not commence till about, eight a.m., and soon afterwards several lots were seen to move off — not briskl}-, iideed, but with a kind of slow reluctancy. ' The following, will give an idea of the character of the fair :- -Beef went from 75 s to 80s per cwt. of 112 lb. for first-class quality ; second do. from 66s, to 72s, 6d. per do. ; three year old heifers rated from £14 to £16 10s. and upwards ; two year old do. from £11 to £13 10s. ; yearlings from £7 to £10 ; three year old bullocks from £13 to £15 10s. ; two year old do. from £11 to £12 10s. ; one year old do. from £7 to £10 10s. There was a large supply of springers and milch cows ; the former rated from £1(5 to £22 each : strippers from £10 to £13. In tho sheep department at Churehhiil there was an unusually large supply, but the demand was dull. A large number of rams were exhibited for sale, and prices averaged from £5 to £7. At the pig fair on previous days the supply was fully up to previous expectation, but the demand which prevailed was principally for swine of the middle size. Upwards of 3000 pigs were booked for trans mission by the railway oflicials. compared with 2387 last year— Weekly Freeman. GREAT FIRE IN DUNVILLE's DISTILLERY. One of the most destructive fires which has taken place in Belfast for a great length of time broke out on the night of the 13th of March, in the extensive [Royal Irish Distillery of Messrs. Dunville and Co. The fire was first observed about eight o'clock. It broke out in the still house, and was caused by a leakage in one of the patent stills. It is thought that the spirit from this apparatus overtlowed and came in contact with a lamp. There is no fire allowed in the department. The lire brigade did their utmost to confine the flames to the wing of the spacious concern in which it raged, but in this they were only partially successful. It caught some othe edilices, and at an advanced hour the following morning there was danger of the fire getting into a very extensive bonded store, in which a vast quantity of whisky is stored. There has been already a great destruction of property, and it is said that close upon £100,000 worth of property of one kind and another has been ruined. There was a vast assembly to witness the firs and a strong force of the constabulary was in attendance to keep the crowds back. The fire brigade were at work at the lire all night. The damage is estimated at from £70.000 to £80,000. The premises are insured.— Weekly Freeman. 'LEO THE XIII. AND IRELAND. The following letter from his Eminence Cardinal Cullen to the Lord Bishop of Lime rick will be read with interest : — ' Irish College, Home, April 2nd, 1878. ' My Dear Lord, — I had the honour of presenting at the Vatican, to his Holiness, the beautiful address to him from the cor poration of Limerick which your lordship forwarded. His Holiness received it most graciously, and admired it very much. He commissioned me to thank in his name the ma}ror and all the members of the corpora tion for this proof of their kindness, and for their good wishes that he may have a long and glorious career in the chair of Peter. His Holiness is well acquainted with the state of Ireland, and it was not necessary to inform him of the old and glorious traditions of Limerick, and of the veneration and love which it has always entertained for the Holy See, as he is familiar with its history, having referred in the most feeling manner to the faith and good works of that ancient city. He desires me to say he sends his Apostolic benediction to the mayor and all the members of the corporation, also to their families and friends, together with his best wishes for their spiritual and temporal welfare. As for your lordship, he told me to assure you of his great regard and sincere affection for you and yoxtr excellent clergy, and of his desire to co-operate with 3rou as far as possible in promoting all your undertakings for the honour and glory of God and the salvation of souls. In conclusion, allow me to add that it is impossible to describe the kindness and affection of his Holiness. He is a worthy ?successor of the great and glorious Pius tho Ninth, and he is quite determined to walk in his footsteps. — Wishing your lordship every happiness, I remain yours faithfully, ' f Paul Cardinal Cullen. ' Most Eev. Dr. Butler, Lord Bishop of Limerick.' The following addresses from Ireland have been presented to the Holy Father :— No. 1. Address from the clergy of the diocese of Dublin. No. 2. Address from the Catholic Univer sity of Ireland. No. 3. Address from the bishop (Dr. Moran), clergy, and faithful of Ossory diocese. No. 4 Address from the Archbishop (Dr. Croke) of Cashel, and from the bishops of the province of Cashel. No. 5. Address from the bishop, clergy, and faithful of the diocese of Ferns. No. (5. Address from the corporation of Limerick.. LANDLORD AND TENANT. The Dublin Freeman says : — A return relating to landlord and tenant in Ireland, asked for last year by the late Sir Colman O'Loghlen, has just been printed by order of the House of Commons. From this very important return we learn that the total number of haberes, decrees, orders for possession, and notices of eviction executed or served in the counties of Ireland for the last six years ending the 31st of December, 1876, was as follows : — In 1871, 1475; in 72, 1576; in 73. 2184: in 74, 2468 ; in 75, 2536 ; and in 76, 21-73. The number of families evicted in the counties of Ireland in the same period for causes other than non-payment of- rent wa.s as follows : — In 1871, 244 ; iu 72, 193 ; in 73, 309 ; in 74, 317 ; iu '75, 407 ; in '76, 376. From the 16th day- of October, 1875, to the Itifch dny of April, 1877. ;i period of eighteen I months, the extraordinary number op 843!) stamps on notices to quit wore issued. Under another head it appears that sinco the passing of tho Land Act there has not been a single case of ejectment for non-payment of rent in which the court ccrtiiied that the non-payment of rent causing the eviction had ariscii from the rent being exorbitant. The figures we liave quoted above need no comment, and furnish abundant, striking, and most melancholy evidence of the fact that the Land Act has entirely failed to check the dreadful work of the Crowbar Brigade. THE EMMET FAMILY MANSIOX. The following letter has been addressed to the Freeman : — ' 20 Frankfort-avenue, Eathgar, ' Kith March.' %'; Dear Sir, — In the course of an article on Emmet which appears in your paper of this date, it is stated that the father of the young and gallant enthusiast 'died in 1S03. at Casino, Blackrock.' This, I beg to «iy, is not the fact. The family seat of the Emmets is situated on the Eastern side of the Dun drum-road, and midway between the villages of Miltown and Windy Arbour. The house was built by the Emmets, and, as if with the consciousness that a day might come when necessity for concealment should arise, trap doors and secret chambers were made bo neath the flooring of the basement story. When the attempted insurrection of 1S03 totally failed, the unfortunate Robert lied hither. The house was then in the occupa tion of a Mr. Clibborn, who was greatly puzzled to account for the noises which dis turbed the slumbers of himself and his family for several nights. The nur.se was sure the j)lace was haunted, and declared she saw a ghost. An evening or two passed, and the noises still continuing, Mr. Clibborn deter mined on remaining up and, if possible, .solv ing the secret. He had not long to wait, for the same night, at about the same hour when churchyards are said to yawn and the graves to give up their dead, a dull thud was heard as if a person had leapt from a window to the ground. A material presence wa.s indicated by the fall, and the shadowy form of a man was seen to disappear in the darkness. Seiz ing a pistol, Mr. Clibborn followed and fired after the fugitive. A little terrier came on the track and gave chase, his master follow ing. The dog led him to a heap of straw at the end of the garden, beneath which a figure la}r concealed. Mr. Clibborn approached, the figure rose up, and worn by watching, fevered by anxiety, dispirited by disappointment, and heart-crushed by the extinguishment of his most cherished hopes, liobert Emmett stood before him ! ' Sir,' said he, 'you see a ruined m:m ; you have already attempted my life — take it. I have no desire to prolong it — I possess nothing worth living for now.' Mr. Clibborn replied that he had no wish to injure him, but that the illness of a member of his family rendered it impossible to permit his continuing about the house. '' It is enough,' said Emmett, and, under tlie pro tection of the night, he fled to his old lodgings at Mrs. Palmer's, in Harold's Cross, where, as stated in j'our article, he was shortly after arrested. It is, I may add, a rather singular coincidence thai the family seat of the Emmets should have been erected close hy the towers of Clonsiceagh Castle, at the lime the residence of Mr. Jackson, one of the founders of the Society of United Irishmen, and an active promoter of the rebellion of 1798\. Casino has of late years been the residence of the Errington family, and is at present in the occupation of an eminent and respected member of the legal profession — 0\. D. Meldon, Esq. Apologising for tres passing on your space, but trusting that the subject matter of this letter may be of some interest to your readers — I am, sir, your obedient servant, J. C. FitzxIchary. SERIOUS ILLNESS OF HU. JUSTICE KEOGH. At Omagh on last Saturday evening, the 9th instant, whilst the judges were enter taining several members of the Bar at dinner Mr. justice lieogh got unwell, and was obliged to leave the table and retire to his own room, where lie rapidly became much worse. Doctors Thompson and Fleming were immediately sent for, and attended. The doctors found the learned judge; in a very critical state, suffering from severe bronchitis and congestion of the lungs. Dr. Thompson immediately advised that he should be bled, which operation was carried out most success fully, with the full concurrence of the learned judge, who continued perfectly conscious throughout'. The doctor says that with a little quiet ho hopes he may soon be perfectly restored in health. MISCELLANEOUS. An exchange says:— The constituents of Clare are anxiously expecting that a call of the House will be the immediate signal for the declaration of the vacancy of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen' s seat and issue of a new writ. That Sir Bryan does not intend to return and represent his native county iu the Imperial Parliament no one hesitates to say. On the contrary, his best friends are proud of his late success in the colonies, and rejoice that his abilities and .sterling character have met with some commensurate reward. Yet, while congratulating him on his prosperity, they are not backward in giving expressions to there opinion that lie .should at once resign his title to the representation of tho county. On 12th March the- remains of Mother M. T. Aquino Baughan.ol: the community of the Sienna Conveni, Droghodo, were laid to reft in a grave in the pretty little ^cemetery attached to the convent. The deceased was in tlie 52nd year of her age, and the 26th of her religions profession, and her death occur red on the loth. The recent death is announced, after a brief illness, of Mr. Charles Blake, Bridge House, an old and highly esteemed inhabi tant of Tuam. Small-pox has made its appearance in Dublin, where, on the 14th March, there were in Cork-street Fever Hospital eighty cases of the disease under treatment. The largest number of eases in this hospital during the past fourteen years — a period which embraces the epidemic of 1864-5 mid 1872-3 — did not exceed the present number. The death is announced, at an advanced age, of Mr. James Hudson, who at one time was an actor of great distinction on the Dublin and London stages. He wa.s remark able as a versatile vocalist, and as a delineator of Irish character. Ho performed with great success many years past in Australia. In accordance with tlie provisions of the Ancient Monuments Preservation Act, passed last session, professional gentlemen have been sent down from Dublin to inspect the ruins of Movilla Abbey, Newtownards, which was erected about one mile from the present ' new town ' in the year 550 bv members of the Augustinian Brotherhood'. It was one of the earliest in Ireland, and is said to have been founded by St. Finian, a preceptor of St. Colomb, who received part of his education at the Abbey of MaghBille, or Movilla. The ruins from east to west are about 110 feet in length. The gables are in a comparatively good state of preservation, but the south wall has disappeared altogether and only a portion of the north wall, which borders the old Donaghadee road, remains. In the graveyard connected with the old Abbey, and on the premises of a gentleman whose properly adjoins, there are numerous handsomely carved stones. Some of them are ornamented with floriated crosses, and on one are carved an Irish cross, a sword, and an inscription in Irish characters'. This is the only stone in the county Down bearing an Irish inscription, and it is supposed to be a monument to an Irish king who reigned in the tenth century. Coroner De Courcey held an inquest at Limerick, on 2nd March, on the body of a young man named John liogan, aged 19, nephew of the Bard of Thomond. Evidence showed that the deceased wa.s employed at Thomond Grate Distillery confidentially. He went with two others to a vat containing dis tilled liquor, and incautiously opened the door of the same without waiting to let oil the gas, which .stupefied him, when he fell over into the vat and was drowned instantly. A verdict of accidental death was returned. The particulars by mail of the fire, on 13th March, in Messrs. Dnnville and Company's Boyai Irish Distillery. Belfast, state that it originated in the still-house, where there were five receivers containing large quanti ties of spirit. This was quickly in flames, and the conflagration extended rapidly to the tun-houses adjoining, consuming everything in the shape of buildings and machinery in its devastating course, the entire premises on the .south wing of the concern being com pletely gutted. The damage is estimated at from £70,000 to .£80,000. The premises were insured. A meeting was held in Deny on 14th March in favour of opening up a line of railway from Deny to Magherafelt. The resolutions in favour of the proposed under taking were adopted. In the House of Commons Mr. O'Donnell has given notice that on going into Committee of Supply he should call attention to the a])pointment to an office of profit under tho Crown of a leader of the Orange secret society in Ireland (Mr. Wni. Johnson, M. P.,) not otherwise recommended for the said office, and to move that such appointment is calcu lated to encourage, with the expectation of reward, a class of riotous and disorderly persons in Ireland, and is a return to the worst 'traditions of British misgovernment of Ireland. Mr. Ewart, a moderate Conservative, has been elected for Belfast, in room of Mr. W. Johnston, by a majority of over three thou sand over Mr. Seeds, the Orange candidate. ? The election passed off quietl}'. At tho recent St. Patrick's Ball in the Castle, the honour of knighthood was con ferred on Dr. Samuel Ferguson, Q..C, the deputy keeper of records of Ireland. At a weekly meeting of guardians -of the Gal way Union, held on Friday week (says the Nation of the 13th April), the board had before them the report dealing with the recent revolting disclosures concerning the interment of paupers and transferring of bodies to the Queen's College for the purpose of dissection. The report of the committee was not adopted, but a resolution was imaaiinously passed, on the motion of Mr. Ferdinand, to' the effect that in future the master be responsible for the proper inter ment of all persons in the workhouse, and ' that all bodies not claimed shall be interred in their proper places and with due rites, and that no remains be permitted to be removed to the Q,uecn's College. The Ulster Flax' Supply Association has just issued its annual report. The main points of this document may be bricily stated. In 1877 there were 123,302 acres under flax in Ireland, against 132,933 in 1876. The estimated production of ilax last year was 22,029 tons, against 23,420 tons the year before. Finally, 40,25(- ions more ilax were imported in LS77 than in 187(5. Dublin Castle statisticians will, no doubt, find in all those figures without exception reason for congratulation. All other people, however, will talec the opposite view. It is with, sincere feelings of sorrow I have to announce the death of Mr. James Coit'ey, Lake Hotel, Killarney. He was respected by all. Much sympathy is felt for his family, who are plunged into grief by the unexpected death of one not only endeared to themselves, but to the town of .Killarney. Lieutenant Patrick MacMahon, son of the Marshal President of France, whose ap proaching marriage with Mabel Lambrecht, daughter of a Minister of M. 'liners, is announced, is about to make a tour through Ireland, previous to his marriage. He will arrive in May. — London corresjwndent of Ike Corlc Examiner. The Irish Parliamentary party, acting . under the advice of Mr. Butt, have deter mined to re-open the land question on a resolution to be moved by Mr. Gray, M.P., for a select committee to inquire into the circumstances of the Galtee tenants on the Buckley estate. We understand that the anomalous condition of the representation of the county of Clare by the continued ab sence of Sir Bryan OvLoghlen, M.P., is to be formally brought before the House, with a view to tiav.;\\-g the seat to which Sir Bryan was elected .leelared vacant. — Nation, Oth April. Damages were awarded at £'10, at the Four Courts, against a man named Brophy, formerly a groom in the service of the late King of Italy, for assaulting, in a grocer's shop in Townsend-street, a shoemaker who demanded payment of a debt from a friend of the defendant. ? The grand jury for the South Riding of Tipperary have awarded £150 to Cornelius Caiiill, and £50 to John Cahill, the men who allege that they were beaten and seriously injured by a mob in the town of Tipperary, on account of their having taken some land on the Mitchelstown estate from which Ryan, the man who fired at Mr. Bridge, had been evicted. A considerable party of Gerty and Rorke's coaching establishment in Baggot-street, Dublin, has been destroyed by fire. A shocking and affecting story of three hungry and neglected children, and of the death of one of them, was told at a coroner's inquest in a garret in Bridge-street, Dublin. In reference to the death of the youngest child, a boy of between four and five years. the jury found that it had been accelerated by the neglect of Anne Slevin, and his alleged reputed father. We regret having to record the death of Mr. M'Manus, R.H.A., which took place on Friday at his residence at Dalkey. For years he was known to the Dublin art public as one of the oldest and most prominent . ? members of our academy. He was head : master of the School of Art in Kildare-slreet, and Professor of Painting in the Hibernian Academy. — Irish Time.';. It is understood that the Lords of the Trea sury have determined to discontinue the Kilkenny Model Farm, and to offer for sale the interest in the farm and the model agri cultural school standing on it. 