NE W S OF THE DAY. Tlie following are the deliveries of wheat, flour, and other produce at the Spencer street station of tlio Victorian railways for the week ending 28th of December Wheat, 8151 bags ; ur,_. 1893 bags ; bran, 2131 bags; pollard 75 T" 'l"": barley, 494 bags ; chaff 3S7ubaga; and onions, m u..0., To j lg bags. ' Wo (Bnllarat Courier) nro in a position to' state that before Mr Berry departed for Europe, long consultations took place in the Cabinet relative to the immunity from cap ture which the .Kelly gang enjoys, and the escape of.Weiberg. It was determined that the police force should bo thoroughly reorgan- . ised, and no time shonld bo lost in effecting this purpose. The Railway _ department has of late years ' been in the habit of allowing a special exenr- . eion train to run, which carried the locomotive and other employes, their families and some of their friends, to a pic-nic ground, which thqy visited to enjoy themselves. This year Mr Woods has abolished, the special train, and has granted free passes to the employes to any of the railway stations on the liue. The altera tion has proved a boon to many porsons who have friends in difforent townships, whom they can visit through this arrangement, and general satisfaction is expressed by all the employes at the granting of, free railway, Robert Cnrr, a grazier residing ot Camber- well, was summoned to the District Court this morning at tho instance of Mr Latham, the inspector for tho Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, for having, 011 the 20th' inst., cruelly Used two calves on tho road' from his placo to Abbott's sale yards. Bdurke streot. The evidence shoved that the poor animals had been tied in a spring cart to ' the , front board. They had gradually slipped back and strangulation neatly ensued before they wore released, the tongue of '0110 of them protruding over nine inches from its mouth. A fine of 20s, with 20s costs, wns inflicted. Assault and robbery from" the person ii a crime increasing in an enormous rate, and file offences reported .to the police are very far below the real number. A most audaciltts case is reported to-day. About half-tiist one this mcrning a hairdresser, residing in Hotliam, while walking along Elizabeth strict, was rushed from behind by two moil, rlio knocked him down, and took. from him a /old watch worth £20, an Albert chain, and £-)10s in money. The identification of tho raei is doubtful. These scoundrels are establislihg a perfect reign of terror in the streets after liirk, and the police seem piowerJess in the matfcr. William Thompson, William Vernum and Henry Vickery were brought up at thoCity Court, this morning, charged with gaibling in a public place. On Saturday tho ineiwere stationed 011 the rond to tho cricket groiid, in the Eitzroy Gardens, in company witi two others, when a man from Epping, name; Win. Morgan, thought ho would drop i for some of tlio good things going ibout, and lie thereupon incontinently lot £2. Plain-clothes Constables O'Meara and iubert happened to he 011 duty for the special prpose of watching card-sharpers, and they droped 011 the crowd, and arrested the three piioners. The bench sontenced them to sevei days' each. Morgan wanted to know if h could not got his money back, but Mr Pantoifuavely informed liim thnt he must pay the pialty of his own folly. 1 Patrick Moroney, Joseph Lynch, nd John Adderl«y, were charged at tlie City Curt this morniig with wilful damage to tho lomises of Minnfe Moorliouse, residing hi Elinors street, at two o'clock on Sunday morning .clerk was passhg along the street, when hj observed the three prisoners advanciig towards th; house. One of them icrried a hzivy piece of rail, with which br slashed in tie fanlight of the door, and a re/ulij row en- iued, window-shutters, windows sahes and blinds being smashed, danagj being 'done to the extent of £20. Thro were four larrikins engaged in tho issaui on the place, which was described as oneoftj' fiercest ever seen in Melbourne. Detective /elsh, in ' tllo- moloo.liad Ilia no,y is in' the hospital. There wero three plee wit-' , ness'es examined, and tliey all coineidqin their statements with regnrtl to the savngqr of tho nttack. Constable O'Meara gave loroney nnd Lynch an excellent chiracter, Ind said lie wns surprised to tee then before lie court on such a charge. Mr I'anton sited Mr Miller, who appeared for tie defencelf liehnd any evidencons to tlio extent of the dmnge,but he said he had not. Thcprosecutrixvas then recalled, and stntcd thnt Mr Can a blind- maker, had fixed tho cost of repair at £30, and Inspector Draught on that said lie police lmd taken evidence, and 'reduced th amount to £20. Prisoners wero fnod 40s eah and £0 damages ; in default, time months'hiprison- ment / j Tlio Colosseum bar w»i the seonelf a lively encounter on Saturday .light, whenDotectivo Hayes, armed with ft wnrrant,; wont to arrest a well-known 'olender gainst tho law, named Goorge Tlbnpson, becuso I10 had been seen tampering ,wth the salies of the windows of Bevcral pi'vato hones. Hayes read his warrant to /riioner, whnknew him well, and was immedfttdy struck vJlently over the cyo by Thompsoj, Vno. gnvo nlignal, and tho constable was inmldiately snrou'nded by seven or eiglit 'roighs, who prosed liim so closely that I10 haT ti draw his aandouffs- in self-defoiice. Dctetiw Kennedy fortunately came 011 the scqle; rnd the two managed' to secure tlie prison)-, iho others however es caping. He'waBsentpncod to tlreo months' imprisonment. ' . :. "How was J tlut you cirried hand cuffs?" asked jr Panton, this norning, of a f;entlemnnly-livti"g young man, yho described liinsolf OS a clhk, nnd gave oviebneo in n case of- damape tn/linnso' in a notdrbus neighbor. I hood, j'lil' /it-Ill-"'' liol ill.-,'.. . ' ' 1' P-l1' ' would h'' rjl/."V say in v.-i'.- i- .'|-q-,..,y he v ,,i I or what li. A'"1'' d.'ng io ; iSr:ie,v o-.ic-«!- s.| 1 i-nll-n.'isr. i-v/'-i' iii'O-'.H', ) .rjiu-f. J.h l'ant-c I i'; / ' '''J ; ii.Ut y »:» made sotto voce, to the effect that "llerk" was a now grade created in connectioi with the Dctcctivo department during th< last weekorso. '! Dr Youl, tho city corqnor, hold an nquos at tho Melbourne Hospital - 011 Saturdaj upon the body of Erancis Goll, aged 35 years who . died there that' morning! The dcccnscdwas a collector, nnd resided inHbtham. Ho halbeon in tho liahit of taking bhlorodyno for anintor- nal complaint. On Friday night he fell sud denly vory ill, nnd had to ho removed td the Melbourne Hospital, wliero ho diedentlj 011 Snturday morning. He had aeoidonhlly \- swallowed an overdose of chlorodync, wHcb, necording to the medical testimony, h»t ao- coleratod death by its action on diseased kid- noys. The jury returned a verdict to that effect. Tho deceased has loft n wife nnifivo children. Tho business at the Fitzroy Court wra of a very unimportant description thiB morning. 1 With tlie exception of a fow civil casei, the list wns devoid of interest, the conchuljng business of tho year finishing quietly, stowing that affairs in the district have toned down to a very orderly state during the last few months. The case of the young girl, Honriotti Jon- liingR, chnrgcd with infanticide, is 011 the 1 list for tho Prahran Court next Thursday., Sho remains in the hospital ; but has rocoverod from the mania under which she suffered. John Parris, a young man, was fined 5a, or a month's imprisonment, in tho Prahran Court this morning, for creating a disturbance in public, nnd resisting tho police. Patrick Cnssim, similarly charged, was fined 30s, or fourteen dtys. Charles Lingard came up for violently assaulting Mr Cox, a hatter, last April, having only just been arrested, and the bench remanded liim for a week. William Patterson, accused of stealing a bag of onions from Mrs Phillips's market-garden, wns also remanded for a week. Joseph Willi; wns charged with breaking into a contractor's office, at Toorak, and had said that he wanted fo Cret jntn nnnl. Tliw lw,in;» ,,r mtLCll IllH - \ri,lh ' 1 y giving him three months, Sergeant I'ark- 'iiBon stating thnt ho lind only lately como out rom doing two years, his proper name being Joseph Ilinton. Tlie branch rails for the Gippslnnd railway are already laid for n short distance at tho South Ynrra station. There 13 a double line, curving off the main lino, nnd worked by a couple of Bimplc handpoints. The rails will soon he lnid right from tho station along the curve to Chnpol street, nnd thence up the em bankment to the second bridge. Temporary mils aro down already for most of tlie dis tance, and are used for the contractors' trucks. Another robbery from the person of a drunken man by larrikins is reported as having occurred 011 Saturday night. Tlie complain ant wns going home, tho worse for liquor, when lie was accosted by a couplo of youths, who walked some distance with liim and then snatched his watch from his pocket and mado off with it. In this case also the culprits can not he identified. At the Footscrny Police Court this morning, a respectably-dressed young man, named Gore, was charged with stealing a pocket- book con taining four one-pound notes, a receipt, and a pair of plated spurs from- John Hobbs, 011 tho night of the 14th Decomber. Both parties wero drinking at Powell's hotel, on the Swamp road, nnd commenced larking together, xvhen it was alleged the defendant tore complainant's dust coat in two, and de parted with the pocket book. A spur answer ing the description of one stolen was found hanging up in defendant's room by Senior-constable Corbett. For tlie de fence it was urged that the spur fpund had been hanging in the room for >ei"o i -pt and this was verified by fi'o wit nesses. Alter consultation the magistrates eon- fICn„,!iertLr doubt the case, an! gave charge. The his client was willing to recoup the complain, ant the money lie had lost, and that the whole affair arose out of a drunken row. According to the Hamilton Spcctotor, a story is curront in Hamilton to the effect that one owner of about 300 sheep has obtaiied no fewer than twelve ordinary-sized hales oc wool this season ns tho result of his clip, an! thnt another,, whose estate does not exccel 400 acres, "phbare'd 5000 sheep. We can scircoly credit this. The 300 sheep must havi been " shaved," not shorn, and tho 400 ncrei must surpass any land in the world, so far ns grazing capabilities aro concerned. 1 Mr James Graham, of Swanston-streit, was summoned at the District Police Coirt thirf. morning for thnt he did, after the posing of the Trade Mark Statute, 1804, unlnwfuly sell ajoertain article, to wit, a bottle cbntahing a certain fluid, together wish a lertnin forged and counterfeited trade lrajic on ine sniu Cottle; containing ' the said fluid, which you well knew to be forged nnd counterfeited, contrary to tho previsions . of the said statute, whei6bv the trade marks of Georgo Kemp, William Kemp, Idward Kemp, and Adolpho Hallgarten, all of the city and State of New York, in tho Tiiited States of America, trading together unc'or the style or firm of Lanmnn nnd Kemp, wheh was "Rotated in such a manner aa to be caljulated and likely to deceive. The luid eontiined in the bottle was Eloridq water,', used as a perfume and hair-cleanier. Mr Graham did not deny that he lied sold a bottli of the water, but it wns only a portion of a dozen he had bought from Messrs Filton, Grimwade and Co., two years ago. Hensod tho mixture in his business, as he did otlur preparations of a similar kind. Mr Hood ameared to prose cute ; and Mr Taylor for tie defence. The bench, Messrs Call nnd Curtain, said Aiominal line would meet the cuse, ind inflicted the lowest 111 their power, viz. .'10s. with po> 9 costs. The Bnllarat Star states tint a very serious charge was made 011 Sund.y against a State school teacher named Patick Davoron, re siding at Ross Creek. It sems that at about six o clock 111 the evening a lid named Ripper whose parents live in the neighborhood of Pleasant street, was sent nit to look for his sister, eight years of age The boy, after n_ search, saw Davoron with the little gill 111 such a posilioi amongst some mullock or gravel trips as to lead him to believe that a eimiiial assault wns being committed. Tho, )»; stated that botli Davoron s and his sister's dress were disar ranged at the time. Infomation was at once given to the parents, and tie little girl's state ment was received, when (onstable Loughlan, of the Windermere street livision, wns sent for and soon arrested Davoroi, Who was lodged in the City Loek-uji. Meaiwhile Dr Buhce was sent for to examine the clild, and having dono so ho roported that thee was 110 reason to suppose thnt sho had ben tampered with. Davoron was then . clarged with having unlawfully and indecntly assaulted the little girl Amoliu Ellen Upper, and he will bo brought up, and probally remanded, at tho City Court this morning; Tho accused, who is forty-three years of age, is a married man, and has a family. He was it the time of his ar rest on a visit to Ballarit for the holidays, his wife accompanying him It is said that he has been drinking more or kss to excess lately, and when arrested seemed to be just recovering from the eifedts of intoscutioii. A phase of the anti-Chinese feeling in Bris- banois thus described jy the Courier John, the Chinaman gnrdeier, says very heartily, < " save mo from my fiiends." The gardener John has no kindly fiolings for the A.S.N. Company. Their bisiness lias fallen off very much. The gardenen also find that tho feol- \- i!)'v5;?r?l1!ie'l against Bhinnmcm bay, extended to tnei.i. a ine Now harm road said, very decidedly, that "big fellow steam boat man, velly baijman — bring Chinaman here— ao good." Hd complained bitterly thnt his buaness wns don!, and pointing to his two basket!, nearly half-full of vegetables thnt looked as though lr the sun all tho morning, said, 'No more cahbngee, lady tell'em to go 'long Chinaman, no/buy more enhbagee," and the pcfr fellow looted downheartod enoughito draw takes at once; nnd quit a country wlioro his enntrymen have become objects of general dislik. t Syiiiey Town nni Country Journal writes: — Itl'as a lnelanchjily affair, poor littlo Willio Hue; losing his lift wliilo wasting torido The Deal for tho Haykcsbury ' Handicap ; and thislddition to the already long list of vic tim/to the pernicious system of wasting, slioid furnish another nnd nstrongargiimeutin fa"-' of a heavier tcnlo of handicaps, in whioh 111 n can ride at reasonable weights. A long HI 'if names couhlbo made out, among whom uirid stand out prominently Arthur Pavis, Efaik Bntler, and the well-known as well as lS'ccted Australian, Billy Simpson, to whom ijiow ndded Willie Hucy, ns l-espcctnblc and ioieHt a young nian ns ever earned his living a our turf, ;Tho ghost pniitomimo of Beauty and''10 Bnst at the Atiiemcum continues to .-tract Irgo audiences. The spectral offeets"re vot'y 'ell managed, and produce quite j> sensation .mongst tlio onlookers.' Tlio Hai',,ll'e" House ;ontinues ns populur as ever, qhis entertain ment, which his now enter/'1 011 its twelfth ' week, is announced to close ,;R Saturday next'; so that those desirous of >ceing' it- should lose no timo. The matinee oil Saturday nftornoon. -vn"' ciwded. . Airing last week a Christmas-troo and sale i f gilts in nid of tho funds of tho Homoc'pnthlc Tim/iita! have been held at tho Polytechnic Hall. :t will be opon again this evening,' and will be I Tought to a close to-morrow ovening, 