REPLY TO JMR . N. KINSMAN. Sir.--As I have dealt with Baptismal Regeneration, it is not necessary for me to repeat what I already stated. I will there fore pass on to Mr. Kinsman's next altera tion. In dealing with the Catechism he has struck out the words, " Wherein I was made a member of Christ, the child of God, and an inheritor of the Kingdom of Heaven," because, as he says, it is un scriptural I suppose that Mir. Kinsman will not deny that circumc son was the rite whereby Jewish infants w re admitted into covenant with God, and that privileges were secured to them in consequence of such circumcision. Baptism having taken the place of circumcision, as far as the Christian Dispensation is concerned, it follows that baptism admits t> all the privileges of the Christian covenant. Their privileges are set forth in the Catechism as follows:-(s) A member of Christ. When Jesus took our nature, He became to us a second Adam, and His relalion to the church is often set forth in scripture under the figure of a human body and its mem bers. I Cor. xii., 12-27. Of the church into which we are grafted by baptism, COrist is the head, and we are the budy of tLhist, and members in particular. I Cor. xi., 12 27\. In baptism, theref:ore, a child is made amemberof Christ. (bI Thechildof God. The second Christian privilege flows from the first, for being in baptism made mem bers of Christwe become by adoption Sons of God. Hence St. Paul says tnat * God sent forth His Son, that we might receive .he adoptionof sons." Gal. iv., 4-5. And Sr. John says, " Behold what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the Sons of God." I John iii., L (c) An inheritor of the kingdom of Heaven. This third privilege fows from the second, for if, as members of Christ, we become sons of God. "Then also we become heirs, heirs of God. and joint heirs with Christ of the kingdom of Heaven." Rom. iii. 17. Gal. ii., 29. Mr. Kinsman's next alteration is in the Confirmation Service. He says, "In the Order of Confirmation the first prayer, when the Bishop declares that God has given unto them forgiveness of all their sins, this we have erased, believing, as I do, that it is not true, and that it is too much for any mortal man to say. We havea inserted the words "Promised unto them that repent forgiveness of all their sins.' " All this is very vague, and in order that we may understand the matter allow me to quote the prayer itself. "Almighty and everlasting God, who has vouchsafed to regenerate these Thyservants by water and the Holy Ghost, and hast given unto them forgiveness of all their sins, etc." Sir, it appears to me that Mr. insman will tone down everything so as to make Christianity a very hazy thing indeed, Here is a prayer put into the mouth of a Bishop and he is to say that God has for. given the young people who kneel before him. If they are not rank hypocrites be la sure of this. They have been for weekS under special instruction by their clergy. man. Before God and the assembled con. gation they have answered individually to the chief pastor's very solemn questions "I do." Are they to be believed, or not? T, for one, do believe them, and pray that God will keep them steadfast, and strengthen them to the end. Again, I will say that it any man will tell Mr. Kinaman that h._ since:ely -irier*s in the Lori Jesus, MLn. Kinsm in will aqumt h:im of forzivene-s if he uon't the Ei,le will and this is all the Coni:-a suite Service teeches, all the Bishop 1\. Kins.:ui'n -e rarks on marziaginee3 a very br", ::r.aer, he has eua out two prayers r. . al m :-y anywhere ,.rcording' to the law o` the land. "elL, I tell him the Church Minrxisa a. cing to the law of the land too,.and is content ,to marryjin the church believing that it is the propt-rplace for the purpose. This, however, is not a doctrine but simply a question of discipline. In the Burial Service Mr. Kinsman has struck out, "In sure and certain hope of the resurrection to eterral life." and in serted another clause from the American Prayer Book.. Well, he has not gained anything. The clause as it stands speaks of the resurrection, and the American clause speaks of the general resurrection. The language of charitable assumption is used, but it does not of necessity include the particular body then being buried. It may or it may not, but even it does the prayer was made for real Christians only. The grammar of the sentence points out the resurrection to eternal life, and not of necessity his or her resurrection to eternal life. I may be very blind but certainly I cannot see any difference, except in words, between the two p-ayers. I will give your readers the benefit of a portion of both. English: ""We therefore commit his body to the ground . . . in sure and certain hope of the resurrection to eternal lilf through our Lord Jesus Christ, who shall change our vile boly. that it may be like unto His glorious body, etc." American: "We therefore commit his body to the ground . . . looking for the general resurrection in the last day, and the life of the world to come, through our Lord Jesus Christ; at whose second coming in glorions 2ajesty to judge the world, the earth and the sea shall give up their dead, and the corruptible bodies of those who sleep in Him shall be changed, and made like unto His own glorious body, etc." "The C'omminatory Service we have struck out altogether." Well, sir, I am not surprised at this, it is quite evident that Mr. Kinsman does notlike plain speak ing, this service speaks out most unmis takably. I, for one, think that the discipline used by the early Christians would do good in these degenerate days and stop a very great deal of whatis carried on under the sacred name of religion. Mr. Kinsman thinks otherwise, and has struck out Scripture at last. All the curses are God's in the very words of Scripture. The slat Psalm and ourLord's matchless prayer have all gone, and other good prayers are sent with them. It. is painful to write about such reckless conduct as this. This service deals with discipline only, and I suppose it was too much for Mr. Kinsman, so away with it is his motto. " And now I must deal with his next point. "We have dispensed with the oft repetition of the Lord's Prayer." What for? Tell it not in Gath! That he may preach to his hearers for three-quarters of an hour. The -Master's sublime prayer must then go. All the times it is used in the service would not take fifteen minutes, to give Mr. Kinsman time to speak to his hearers. Sir, [ strongly recommend to his earnest and prayerful consideration the words of Christ's apostle St. Matthew. "And He went a little further and fell on His face and prayed, saying O my Father, if it be possible let this cun pass from me; nevertheless not as I will, but as Thou wilt. . . He went away again the -second time, and prayed saying, 0 my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me except I drink it, Thy will be done. o . And He left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time saying the same words." Matthew xxvi., 39, 42, 44. The last point of his lecture is as follows -" Our Lord and His disciples never, I think, read their sermons. Take Christ on the mount, Peter on the day of Pentecost, Paul on Mars Hill. He who can preach at all can preach extemporaneously, if he will but persevere in the experiment." Sir, I am astonished to find a man without sufficient authority, speaking about preach ing in this flipnant manner, and making himself equal, in this respect, with our Lord and His apostles Peter and Paul. D]oes Mr. Kinsman know that our Lord had in Himself the fulness of the Godhead boe lily? Can he have forgotten that Peter was under training for his work by Christ Himself, during the whole of His (Christ's) personal ministry. Paul, eloquent and learned as he was, even after his heavenly call did what Mr. Kinsman has not at tempted to do- retired for nearly, if not quite, three years before as an apostle he began his important work. On the con 'trary, Mr. Kinsman assumed the pastoral office because he had differences with some in authority, no doctrinaldisputes occuring at the time, and now dares to do what the united wisdom of the Church has rightly refrained from doing for the last 200 years, tviz.:-alter the Prayer Book. Yours, &c.;, JOHN CATON. St. Philip's, March 27. 