KENSINGTON AND NORWOOD BOARD OF HEALTH. Monday, August 12. Present—The Chairman (Mr. S. D. Clyde), Messrs. Taylor, - Packham, "Wigg, Caterer, Hnmbley, Knowles, Bailey, and Heanes, and the Secretary (Mr. B. Moulden). The Chairman reported that the Board had visited the Norwood Model School since the last meeting, and had found that the lavatories were overflowing into the Sydenham-road and Beulah-road, and that tlie urinals were in a very bad state. He thought tho Board should imme diately take action in the matter. If it was a private individual's grounds where the nuisance existed, they would stop it at once, and they ought to do the same with the pro perty of the Government. Some discussion ensued amongst the members with reference to the matter, and it was finally moved by Mr, Heanes and seconded by Mr. Packham—" That the authorities of the Model School be in structed by the Sanitary Inspector to eanse the overflow of the waste water from the school to cease within one month from date."i The resolution was carried. ■ j The Sanitary Inspector reported that he had made enquiries in the vicinity- of Payneham, with reference to a place forthe deposit of night-" soil, and had obtained the promise of two places. He suggested that applications for the office of nigbtmen be-advertised for immediately. - He Bad made-up the half-yearly report for the Central Board of'Health, which he laid on the table. From that it appeared that the popula tion per last census was 6,576, and the estimated increase 1,200. The number of houses was 1,540. The number of births for the half-year ended June 30 was 146, and of deaths 67. Those numbers compared favorably with other dis tricts ; for example, the city of Adelaide, where the births for the same period were 643, and the deaths 512. Adopted. Eeceip!s,-19s. 2d. The anniversary services in connection' with the Young-street Bible Christian Church took place onMonday, August 12, when tea and public meetings were held. Both- of the gatherings secured a fair attendance, and at,the latter Mr. Joseph Ashton presided. The Secre tary and Treasurer of the Church read the financial statement, and said that in common with other institutions in the colony the expen diture though it had not been great had ex ceeded the receipts. But they had to bear in mind that £25 had been set aside to meet the debt on the minister's residence, so that they had something to the good. The receipts for the year had been £114 8s. 8d., and the expendi ture £1310s. 4d. The debt on the chapel was £500, at 5 per cent, interest,. and on the • minister's house £700 at 7 per cent, in terest, making the total of their liabilities £1,200. During the, year two branches of the Church had been established—one at Goodwood, and the other at North Adelaide, which had proved in a high degree successful. He also spoke of the success achieved in the Sunday-sohool work, and said many of their young men were affording great help to those engaged in the school. The Rev. T. Piper (pastor of the Church) said this had been with them , what he might term a year of dispersion. A great many of their members had left Adelaide for the country and other places. The congre gation at Goodwood, he said, had been steadily, increasing, until it now numbered as many as the Young-street Church. (Applause.)- The: good work was also progressing in the newly opened North Adelaide Church. He attributed the rather small attendance they, in common with other churches had had within the last few months, to the efforts put forth by Mr. Varley, and while rejoicing at the success of Mr. Varley's services, he thought that they had had an effect on the efforts put forth by other chinches. They had, however, not much to complain of, as the congregation was equal in numbers to that of last year. The attendances at the week-day services had increased largely, and they had, taking all things into consideration, much to be thankful for. (Applause.) The Bev. T. McNeil expressed his pleasure with the report, and said the Church was in a very fair financial condition, and he would advise them to.lcok out apiece of land on which they might in the future build a larger church. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) They might then use the pre sent structure as a lecture hall. He referred to the Church in North Adelaide, and said be was extremely glad that it had been started, as it had fulfilled the dearest wish of the Rev. J. "Way, one of their oldest and most devoted workers. The Rev. Joseph Hancock, from Brompton, also addressed the meeting, which was then brought to a close. We are informed that the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company conveyed last week the large number of 17,50(1 passengers on the line between the City and Kensington. Friday evening has been fixed for the appearance at the Port of the Rev. Charles Clark, who will commence his northern tour next Monday, instead of as previously an nounced. Entries for the following races must he made to the SA.J.C. or V.R.C. Secretaries before 4 p.m. to-day::—Autumn Meeting, 1879—. S.A. St. Leger, Two-year-old Stakes. Spring Meeting, 1879—S.A. Derby. On Monday evening " Macbeth" was re produced at the Theatre Royal to a rather thin house, with the exception of the gallery which was well filled. The piece ran far more smoothly than on its first representation, but there was still room for improvement. The beau tiful music incidental to the tragedy was well rendered, and secured the approbation of the audience. Mr. Creswick acted with more free dom than on Saturday evening, and at the close of the peformance he was called before the curtain, and in addition to the applause which greeted him he received some floral com pliments. Mr. Holloway was also called to the front. To-night " Macbeth" will be repeated. The Oriental Exhibition in the Exchange Room of the Town Hall for the sale of fancy goods will remain open for a few days longer. During the past week there has been a large number of visitors. We noticed amongst the numerous articles exhibited some splendid speci mens of Arabic carving in worlcboxes, card cases, paperknives and weights, and card-baskets. All the articles are made from wood grown in the neighborhood of Jerusalem and the Mount of Olives. Many of the designs are extremely beauti ful and of a highly-interesting nature, as they are taken chiefly from Biblical subjects. There is also a most attractive collection of necklaces and bracelets in Indian filagree work, earrings and scent bottles manufactured from shells, and numerous other articles of interest, including a number of cards worked with real flowers gathered from the Mount of Olives, the handiwork of one of the Sisters of Zion. Some capital photographic views of scenes in the Holy Land are also shown, including the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, the Mosque of Omar and its celebrated pulpit, the tower of Antonina, the Arch of the Ecce Homo, the Pool of Siloam, the Tree of Agony, and the Garden of Gethsemane. together with a number of photographs of Jewish, Mahommedan, Greek, and Turkish cele brities. Eainford's Gbost and Petite Comedy Company gave their opening entertainment at White's Rooms on Monday evening. There was a very fair attendance, the reserved seats being well occupied, and the back portion of the hall crowded. The performance is a novel one to South Australians. The last attempt of a similar kind was made by Dr. Sylvester at the Theatre Royal some time ago, and the optical illusions he presented were fairly successful. Of Mr. Eainford's entertainment we can speak in commendable terms. There were a few me-, chanical hitches, which the proprietor explained would be remedied in future representations, but these did not mar the general success of the scenes presented. The singing also was hardly as good as could be wished, but a different arrangement is to be made which will overcome the slight drawbacks noticeable on Monday evening. The programme opened with a scene entitled " The Temptation," founded on the ancient historical accounts of knight novices watching their armor. Hubert de Burgh, the knight, who is keeping his lonely vigil in the Church, is tempted by phantom representations of wine, women, song, and money, but success fully resists the enticements of his midnight visitors. The phantoms were well represented, the two last being especially good. After an interval Miss Amy Horton, who is described as a serio-comic artiste, favored the audience with a song and dance, and was imperatively recalled. Miss Horton has a pleasing manner, but her singing was nothing very extraordinary. The "Phantom Christy Minstrels" were next introduced, and gave a brief but comic repre sentation of " minstrel business." The singing in this piece was not so clear as it should have been, but this was due to the mechanical defects previously referred to. The dialogue, however, was eapital, and the rapidity with which the minstels were lost to view, their places being taken bv ghostly impersonators, was especially admirable. Miss Horton having given a cha • racter song, the entertainment concluded with a comedy entitled " The Haunted House," in which Mr. Rainford took the part of Mr. Fidgetty, an old gentleman, who is favored with visits from inhabitants of the spirit world, and the rest of the com pany acted as demons, ghosts, and so on. This comedy created considerable amusement, and was enthusiastically received by the au dience. Miss Horton took the part of a ser vant, and sang much better than on her first appearance. Mr. Clinton danced a sailor's hornpipe in capital style, and Mr. Wallace re presented Mephistopheles in a very attractive and pleasing light. The optical illusions were very fairly managed, and the last scenes were exceedingly good. Altogether the entertain ment is a very presentable one, and will doubt less take with Adelaideans. 