A Scheming Maiden. In CliDton, Illinois, Uujre mis » lovely .maiden, ?ayof 35, who feUaa^eiftely ili'Wrt v*rith a rich young man, and to prora tlie diBinterested rapture the felt for him, and tiie ardent nature of her gush, she hinted, as only e-lfldy of 35,Mnrioue to marry, can. that he was Die very finest man ehe ever came across, and could make any* woman happy by the simple means of a preacher and a. license. But the rich young man didnft see it; be didn't nibble, and, in feet, he atayed away from there in a most unproposing manner. But it was an enterprising maiden, and so she -went throogh some five hundred novels in search of agoodwaytocatcn a vinli vtntmrr mm wftfi n mnHnmotiial lS£8O.for. flS (he couple in 'a novel always iparryrit is safe to concluilothatthe courting must be good -wliicli re sults always insucc^s. Well, at last tlie fair reader came to the 'Romance of aPoor Young Man,'wherein tiie point w tbat the P. Y. JI., being locked in b moonlit towerwitha lady, jumps offfhe tower at the risk of bis life, 'sooner than stay up there and thus com promise the lady. ' I have it,' said the fair reader, closing tte book and going to the sexton of a. lonely Uethodist Church which stood some miles in tbe country. Diplomatically besieging tbat sexton, sbeman-, aged to wheedle him out of the key to tbe steeple, which was high, had a spiral stairway iuaide, and only one window. Then tbe rich, but cool , young man and the designing lady, were seen one afternoon riding along that road, and, stop ping at tbe locsly church, to go up in tbe steeple and view a fine article of sunset. The couple climbed the stairs, and stood at the single window admiring the lovely scene until the sun wentdown behind tlie west, and Uie twilight crept o'er moor land and lee — see any novel or poem for minute description. Then tbe rich young man began to get skjfctisb and wish he was at borne, so lie im parted a gentle hint to his companion that they had better £0,&c.; ? Sow, the lady had locked tlie door of the steeple, assuring tbe young man that it was the sexton's imperative command. Down the steep, narrow stairs they came, and at tbe bottom tbe lady felt for the key in her pocket, but no key was there. ' Gracious me,' tays she, in a most histrionic manner, 'if I haven't cone aiid dropped the key but of. the -window. It's fifty feet to ihe ground. What will become of us ? To etay in this steeple all night with a man and show myself afterward unmarried would kill me,' &c;, and the fell on the young man's breast in a, paroiyem oE weeping. ' TURt young man was cool and business-like. He watted until ehu turned off tbe water, then kindly seated her on tbe lowest step and started upstairs-. ' Heavens, Josepb ; dear Joe, you ain't going to jump?' ' Not if I know it ; you just wait.' Presently lie returned with a bright smile on his fu.ee and the bellrope under biBarni: gently, but firmly, he took that thirty-five-yes.r-old young maiden upstairs to the window, and, in spite of lier entreaties and cries, tied tho rope about her waist and lowered away. The conventional plough man, homewaraplodding nis weary way, saw, as the moon lose, a parti-coloured ghost de scending the face of the church - steeple, nnd be began to plod faster, at the same time whistling a tune to keep up his courage. But curiosity, stronger Uian fear, caused him to take just one more look at the apparition, and ?what was his surprise to behold'agoinet the steeple, two barred und striped object* tbat loomed like tlie clown's legs in the circus. The ploughman stood rooted to the ground, and then down came ghost number two, and, as it was a dark aud masculines-looking object, the plougb wcm rellisd from bis fright and approached the epot, wnen be behold a lady aud gentleman Quarrelling, aid the lady calling the gentleman a ' horrid wretch.' So cards. 