In shelving Or Yandeli's motion for a com- rnittee to consider the advisability of forming a Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, the Borough Council displayed- a - wonderful unanimity, :not common with the conscript fathers. Cr. Ureenhiil condescended to .'second it pro 'forma for the purpose of discussion, but mainly to show that the Council had no right to undertake the cost of an 'Exhibition at the expense of the ratepayers. As the Exhibi tion will dependun -its merits and adaptation to local requirements, it will, if the ratepayers so will it, be out of the power of the Conncil to prevent its establishment, although it is easy, to see that many advantages -would, arise from the Council taking the initiative in the matter. As the Exhibition is one of the necessities of the day, its formation may be regarded as un fait accompli, and it is neces sary .only to exercise a little patience to see it' carried into .effect. .We must take excep tion to the flippant manner in which the Mayor pooh-poohed the. whole affair; as well as to the fallacious grounds his - worship as signed for his objection j to the motion. He said that when the motion was made he had a mind'to rule it out of order, because he could see no authority for the Council's expending the ratepayers';! money on - an Exhibition. There is a perfect cluster of fallacies here, which must be apparent to ,, the, most super ficial observer. . In the first place the moyer had nd'iuteation of spending tho ratepayers' money .on an Exhibition. All he proposed was a committee of inquiry, the use of the' buildings at the disposal of the Council,) and a small outlay, say' L100 for preliminary ex penses to be' recouped out of tlie proceeds of the undertaking. 'There is no expenditure of the ratepayers' money contemplated here, and his worship need not have conjured .up, .a phantom' which existed only in his own imagi nation. No sailor is: so much, afraid of a ghost as is the chief magistrate ac any .un righteous expenditure .of the -public .money. But the Mayor was .quite. at sea in his render ing of : the Local : Government. Act, 1864, whioh specially provides for suob contingencies as were contemplated in the motion for an Exbibtion. A clause in this act. distinctly empowers municipal bodies to grant money for a number of useful .purposes, .including museums, -and;. .the .other numerous objects which the Council annually subsidizes. , Public libraries, hospitals) benevolent' asy- ! lums,' receive grants from the local govern ing' bodies, and museums are so much akin to these, that neither Andrew Marvell nor Joseph Hume— whose mantles hayo doubt- less fallen on the Mayor of Castleraaine- — | could take exception to' them. " Tt was well the Mayor did not rule the .motion , out .of order, as he would by so doing' have shown his ignorance of the Act, but he did hot i mend his position much by lotting, 11 1 dare : not wait on I ' would, like the cat in the adage."- The fact is .the question was not one oi vltra vires "as the Mayor and 'Cr Greeuhill endeavoured to show, it was within the jurisdiction of-the Council, -but- there -was' nqk the' will to support it, from causes which, it- 'may be superfluous to "enter upon.- It has been -remarked that a : good' man struggling with adversity : is 'a -sigbt iploaBing to the (godq) and we must.' confess', that our- syra-j pathies are with, the proposer -'p.P'the motion which found no favour with) the , Council rather tbanwith its" opponents)- 'wlio asaign nd'i'eason'for their1 opposition worthy, of '.the most contemptible —parish vestry in ex) istence.'J We could /understand the opp'ositioo if there was a loubt of the "Exhibition re) suiting in any .other) tliah \fi:, g'feat ppl>hP benefit, bat it is inoxplicable except on .the grounds of personal jealousy : — : ' j . ."Wo 'do not like you, Dr Fell; ' . ' The reason why wo cannot tell | But this we know and know full well, j ;.Wo.do notliko you, Dr Fell. " . ( I Because the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition is thrown overboard by the Borough Coun cil, it by .no -means folldwa.that it may not bp -a successful undertaking. If it cannot be -inaugurated under the auspioaa cf the -Coun cil, it may flourish as' the result of privatp enterprise. This was the base at Ballairat, and it.gives us pleasure to raipark that' . al though the western Exhibition was not initia ted by the municipal - authorities it owed a great deal of its success to the energy of privatp individuals, one of the most conspicuous of whom was Mr C. O. PreBhaw, one of the old identities of the Castlemaine diatrict. . We have not the- sligbtost doubt that the Exhibi tion will be established here, either - with or .without the support of the . Borough Council. Jt .lVmanifest that the IbcaLauthoritjes stand on vantage ground in the initiationiof public nndortakiugs' like 'thht -in question, 'They"' hove' control of buildings, -machinery, finances, access to gpvernient, and a number :|i : r r pf advantages not posseased by the common herd-' Put they < are pnly the stewards, not the masters of the ratepayers. Queen Elizabeth once said to a refractory bishop, " I frocked.you, and by God I'll unfrock you." This the ratepayers can do to the councillors, when (they show by. their c.onduet that they: are influenced by considerations apart from the public interesls. The question . of the Exhibition having 'been fairly launched and met with general acceptance from the public, ye hope'to hear thsf-'it has b'e'en-taken up by pome dozen unofficial citizens, who forming themselves into a committee, " would soon find the intelligence and influence of , the tjown rally round them and give them all pecessary support. . The time has come when CastlemaineT- which can challenge .competi tion for its central position' and. numerous natural advantages — should cease to be re/ gardedwp the back slums pf the colony, be- . auseits public men have neither the brains hor-the heart to make the most of the -golden opportunities which ever, and anon arise to fesdue" it""from the .slotigh of despond into w.hich.— not nature — not providence — not jincontrollable misfortune — but a narrow fninded blindly-selfish policy has plunged it. pastlemaine is bonnd to have its Juvenile Inciusirial Exhibition, either 'wiih or without ibis help of tho Borough Council. 