A NEW ZEALAND STORY. ? I BY llOBEET P. WHITWORTH. WE live) this life, travelling; ovor a broader or narrowor ledge, between two vast abysses-tho past and tue future Of tho past abyss wo know something, what wo aro taught, not of our own knowledge or expérience; of the futuro abyss, nothing. Is tho present life tho bo all and the end all? Is it, as religion teaches us, a mero precursor, a stito of probation to another and a novor ondino; lifo ? Or is it, as tho ancients taught, one step in tho never ondhnj staircase of time, ono rung in tho ladder roaching to eternity ? Who knows ? Lat schoolmen argue as thoy may, they aro ;still no nearer the great truth. And yet, for the botter comprehension of tho somowhat mar- vellous story I am about to tell, it is necessary to raise tho question. Was it a dream ? Neither at tho time when tho incidents I shall relato took place, nor now, do I know. I novor could remember dreaming such a dream. Or was it one of thoio dim percoptions of a past state of being which sometimes, rarely though, occur to us, when wo soo a placo for the first tims, and yet which seems . strangely familiar whon wo perform an act which recalls a mysterious and iznporfect memory of having done tho same thing before ? Spiritism, and other similar supernatural mouutobankory, I ignoro; witchcraft, and its attendant diablerie, I despise I would account for tho phenomona by natural laws alone. Aud yet I cannot. Nor is this a ghost story, or a record of tho wild imaginings of a fevorod or diseased mind. It is tho truth, strange and weird as may seem some of its sur- roundings, the simple truth. It was in tho early part of December, 1864, that I, Philip Massey, started from our camp on the Shotover river for tho Molyneux. township, or, ns it is now called, Cromwell, in order to sell some gold, and to bring back somo stores, of which we should soon bo in neod. I was one of a pavty of four, who had worked together at many of tho diggings in New South Wales and Victoria, and who had been about n year in Now Zealand, located on Carmichael's Creek, near tho head of the Shotover, and under tho lofty Mount Hyde, a spur of tho Harris mountains. We, wero much further up the river than most of tho diggers, and wore located in ono of tho wildest spots in. that wild and nlmost inaccessible region.' Our workings wore on tho side of a not veiy largo terrace, on the creek, shut in nearly all round hy precipitous cliffs and mountains, covered with huge timber. Wild as was tho landscape, there was a savage yet gorgeous beauty in it, in the summer, .when the rata flower blazed in its crimson glory on tho hill-sides; and in tho winter, whon tho snow-fields glistened iii ¡tho sunsbino, or tho black birch forest wept in the rain- storms'of that gloomy and inhospitable region. ' ? , '. ' It was a wild freo lifo, an, era in a man's existence, which, once experienced, can. novor bo forgotten-a Ufo, tho memory ¡ of which comos back with a strange1 yearning years after:; and when a.mau, may have settled down into a staid, mechanical rate-paying merchant, law-' yer, doctor,' or what not-a lifo withal,: of uncertainty, of'hardship, of constant peril-poril of waters,' when 'tho raging! iloods came boding and, screaming'down I tho gorges, bearing huge troos, boulders, j ay, and ¡too ofton, miman boings-, onward in their resistless force Who has for- gotten tho timo whon , tho whole of tho lower part, of the Molynoux valloy was submorgod, when fifteen; mon were drowned, amongst thom' tho throe brothers Lynoh. Perils of laud, us whori tho entire'side bf 'ii hill tumbled bodily'into tho Shotover,1 bury- ing I know not, nor was it ever |j5ywn,: how many unfortunate diggers in ono gigantic tomb. Perils of starvation pf being shut up by tho snow us in a huge prison. Perils from tho knife ¿nd pistol shot of the skulking ,thief und assassin, or the ruthless bushranger. A wild,i froo, daring, Bohemian lifo-to-day poor, to-morrow rich, and yet; with all;its. hardships, its cold, its wet, "its toil, so: ofton fruitless toil, who, having brice lived it, would not gladly livoit again ?" As, I said, I started from my oamp for Oromwoll to soil our gold and get supplioa. Wo woro on a good spot, aud had got ovor a hundred buncos, and wore of courso in high spirits at our luck. Passing our camp, nt a distanco of a quartor of a milo, was tho rogular paokors' track down tho Shotover by tho AITOW and Lako Hayos, and so down tho Kawarau gorge, but this, tho regular road, I had determined not to take, partly because the; weatherv was fino and promised to bold ; up, and the snow had not yet .begun to melt and so flood the creeks, and-, partly beoause there were some- suspicious characters lower down the river whom it would ho as well to avoid, and who, had they seen me going, would, perhaps,- have guessed my errand. There was a blazed track lt-ading over a saddle in the Harris rang?, vound the. bend of tho Arrow, across tho Motatapu and the Cordrona, over the shoulders af Mount Pisa and so into the Molyneux valley and on to Crom- well, a track which two of my mates had been over, although I had not, andwliich they pronounced quite safe and easy to find und keep. The distuuee was some fifty miles, und although the_ way was rough I might easily' do it in two days. Wo had sat up rather lute the night previous to my starting, arranging what stores I was to purchase, what money to deposit in the bank,'and so on, and when I and my tent-mate, George Moseley, rose to turn iu it was nearly ten o'clock. It was half-moon, and a cold, clear, calm, cloudless night. Not a F -TjS to bu heard except tho hoarsow K^ift unmelodious hum of the creek oVsgpts ?shingle bed. Wo were both struck with tho beauty of the scene, and George, wlib was somewhat poetical, was just remark- ing on the almost unearthly loveliness of th« glistening glacier-clad double peak of Mount Auruin, which soars aloft in the west, when I suddenly interrupted bini with " Hush ! what was that?" We stopped and listened. Not a spùnd save the murmuringstreamand the queru- lous piping of the distant kiwi.* And. yet I could have sworn X heard the crackling'of twigs, as if a footstep had trodden on them, at tho roar of the tent. [ darted quickly round, but no, nothing. I went a few steps into tho bush, but still nothing, eithor to seo or hear, nnd,I returned, fancying I must havo been mistaken. ' Georgo, laughingly, said he supposed it was a kukapot, or a kaT ka, feeding on tho tutu} berries, and wo turned into our bunks, thinking no moro of the matter. Next morniu g I was up at daybreak, had breakfast, humped my swag, and was away before the bell birds had ceased their morning hymn. The gold I had! .safely secured in my belt, my compass was in my pocket, and my faithful Der^ ringer hung at my hip. lt was a glorious morning. Nothing I have ever seen eau compare, for gorgeous colouring, for bright yet solemn beauty, with a summer sunrise in the mountain district of Now Zealand. . ITar above tho dim blue gray haze that envelopes tho ourth, shoot into tho upper air tho pure white scalps of tho glacier topped peaks, which stand in confused profusion on every hand. Thon slowly tho dull sky is striped with flakes of purplo turning to rod and ninber, and thon to floods as of moitun gold. Tho whito ice peaks and snow fields are tintad: with a doliente pink-tho pink of tho nautilus, which creeps npauo down tho slope, glinting brightly on tho sharp proininoncns, und turning tho dark shadows into rieh purplo. Then up springs tho sun from his vast bath in the far away east, and peak overlapping peak, glittering lilto scattered masses of diamond, spring into hugo tongues of prismatic fire. Such u sceno as this I saw on that early December morniu;;, as I skirted Mount Hyde, with the giant Motatapu on my loft shoulder, forcing . my way through tho tangió of supple-jack; fern,' and flax, of tho low-lying bush, aud then up, up through tho thick rod blos- somed ratu, tho dark birch and maple, and tho bright-leaved veronica, and still up, ovor tho beds bf moss, box scrub and' snow grass, to tho baro summit of tho saddle, «OOO foot high. Then, .what a" view! Par away in tho north-west the dazzling glaciors of Mounts Barnslau, 9000ft., and Aspiring, 10,000ft. inalti-! tude, and around on o very hand a vast, seaof mountains, of «very possible variety of shape and ruggedness, tho clouds and mist floated far beneath mo. Tho prospect was most bewildering, and ovon; to my practised oyo tho possibility of recognising any particular mountain, except those with which I was familiar, boomed almost uopoless. Up to within a few hundred feet of tho summit thora had been a clearly defined and woll blazod track, for it was one frequently used by travellers between the Shotovor and the Upper Arrow and Cardrowa diggings, but at tho point whoro I stood thoro was nothing but bare rock, and therefore nought to guide me to tho next timber.. Still I knew that' my course was nearly due east, and I oùuld seo tho Motatapu river rushing north- ward at tho foot of tho mountain, a couple of thousand foot bolow me. With- out a moment's hesitation, therefore, X descended, after consulting my compass, making in tho direction of a distant lofty i mountain, which, from its roundod top, I took to be Mount Pisa. I soon reached tho timber, but was quito unable to find any sign of tho track, although I must' have lost many milos, by travelling in-a. zig-zag direction in order to recover" the blazed lino. Clearly I was . off-,,my course, but that oánsod me - no un- easiness, as thocouiitry, although, rugged, was open, and I was travelling eastward! By noon I had loft the last timber behind me, had crossed tho Motatapu and several other smaller ,streams,[and hopod to cross tho Cardrowa ero night- fall. 1 But as I advancod furthor;into tho solitudes tho country grew more and moro rugged, and moro than pnce'I-had to retrace my steps. At last, , af tor climbing tho shoulder of a lofty 'hill, which I afterwards loamt was' Palled Middle Peak, I was brought to a dead standstill by arriving at tho edge of a precipice^ overlooking a deep, rocky ravino, surrounded, so far as I.could soo, by inaccessible cliffs. . : / - Howoverun'ploasant,thorowus nothing for it but to tum back and try another route. Sometimos sliding, sometimes scrambling, I arrived at the'foot of the range, and skirting it, found myself' at the ontrunco of a wide gorge or dofilo, between two lofty walls of precipitous rock. As I entered tho gloomy portals a singular fooling.of apprehension^ tole over ino, a vague sensation bf "droo^^-o something, I knew not what. .-lESjMË .Besides, tho placo soemod straiijBËjgP familiar. I had certainly never beou thoru beforo, and yet I found .myself -uncon- sciously recognising tho various features of tho sceno, the cloavago in Ibo rock, tho position of a Inigo boulder,, tho direc- tion of a dry .wiiterçourso, ,and. other circumstances, oven to mutters pf detail. Tho further I advanced tho more familiar did tho placo booonio,-und I found myself intuitively following whatseúmod to bo a practicable routo amongst tho hugo and piled up masses oe' fallon rook. Whore, or how, or whon, coull I have soon this placo bofo re ? /or oven f¿xty , placo like it ? I carried my . memory back to tie places I had been : jtön. To tho chasms and gullies of New South "Wales and Gippsland, the ravines ,. of Shoalhaven and the Blue Mountains, and .the Murray Gates. Further bach to the canons and quebradas of Mexico. Still, further, to the mountain passes in Derbyshire and Wales. No, nothing like this-, any of them. .:? Could I have dreamt it ? It seemed impossible. Wus I dreaming now ? No, I was wide-awake, and overy sense on the alert.. Was it glamour? Pshaw, non- sense; besides, the bolders and masses pf broken rock were real, as I could feel. I paused irresolute for a moment, but, although my heart was knocking at my ribs and my whole frame shivering with a nameless terror, something seemed to impel trio onward, as if 1 were seeking something, but knew not wbat. Yet there appeared to be something lacking. Tho place was tho samo as I seemed to have -seen before and yet different, I soon knew bow. Even as I thought, a gentle sough of wind sighed down the ravine, thy^- ;y darkened, a light ruin begfjw aa' as's frequently tho case in ta to" Untain districts, a thundor ston^c' ^,0 on, peal onpeal reverberating amidst the solitudes with a hideous clang. That was it. If I knew the place before, how much better did I kow it now, for every flush of lightning, overy burst of thunder, Boemed to be merely the reflex of what had been scared into my brain at sónio remoto period, ages' ago, perhaps. And with all, and through all, carno a vasuo consciousness, an idea which T could not form into shape, of crime, a dim foreshadowing of terrible evil. Still, and although I would fain have retraced my path, an invisible power forced mo forward in my search for the mysterious something of which I know nothing, but which I had a pre- sentiment I should find. At last it came. Tho gorge or chasm down which I was proceeding grow narrower and still moro narrow, moro gloomy and savage, uutil it oponed out into a nearly circular pit, perhaps a hundred yards across. Yes, there .was I what I sought, and my heart gave a bound pf terror as I recognised it. To my left, and not twonty yards from mo, yawned tho mouth of a wide cavern in the .rocky wall. Gladly would I hove fled , from tho spot, but my trembling limbs still boro mo onward. I was fasci- nated, and passed within. Yes, exactly tho same. In the dim half light I could distinguish tho charrod embers in tho makeshift firoplaco, tho huge block of stono that servod for a table, tho smaller boulders that had boen placed as seats. Tho floor was covered with a kind of fino shingle of disintegrated granite and quartz, but hero and tbero were patches and splashes of black, which I felt were tho stains left by human blood. Had. this then boen ono of the sacred caverns of an extinct tribe of Maories, and these stonos their sacrificial altars ? N"o, no, a thousand times no. I know, I hud tho conviction burning in my very soul, that those stains wore tho signs of n still moro terrible crime. But what criiuo ? I seemed to havo a consciousness, a dhu, f adod out, aud yet ghastly recollection of ono-whether as a spBCtator, or as ono concerned, I could not tell. "Whether, as I havo said, it was morely the indistinct roiuombranoQ of a dream, I did not know, but that there was more beyond I felt assured. I looked round the cavern fearfully, as if I oxpectod my " eyes to bo blasted with a new gorgon." The thunder rolled sullenly without, tho wind screamed down tho gorge in fitful gusts, and tho rain fell with a constant and dismal plash, but all within was as still as tho grave. Tho cavern narrowed off nt its extremity into a kind of natural gallery, which again shot off into two openings, or inner caves, and into tho left hand ono of these I felt that I must go. I went, slowly, cautiously, unwillingly, step after unwilling stop, ovor that rocky floor, until I ontoroct.. Thou my dream, or foreboding, or foreknowledge-call it what you will-was out. There, prone on the ground, lay tho skolotons of two men. Tho bones and some vestiges of clothing wcro thero ; tho rats had dono the rest. "With iv wild suroam of horror I turned and fled, tho outer cavo soeined to spin round me in a mad whirl, and I must j have fainted. When I recoverod consciousness, tho storm was over, but it was growing dark. I sat up on tho floor and tried to collect my thoughts. Suddenly I remembered where I was--what I had seen-and I sprung to my feet in order to rush from the accursed spot. I had almost reached the ontranco, whon I was suddenly startled and stopped by hearing the voices as of men in loud dispute coming down tho gorgo. My first impulso was to hail thom, but it as suddenly flashed across my mind that I Was alone, and that I had a valuable lot of gold in my belt, and what could honest men ho doing in an out-of-the-way place like this ? True, they might, like myself, have lost thoir way ; still it was better to be safe. I was armed, and if-groat heavons ! I all at..once romomborcd I had, a week before, taken my rovolvor to pieces for tho iiurposo of cleaning it, had found the centre pin somewhat worn, and bad put it on ono sido, intend- ing to have sont it down to Dunedin to be repaired, and had put tho imperfect, and consequently useless instrument back into tho caso and forgotten all about it. I was unarmed. What was to bo done ? Shuddering as I passed the left hand cavity, I dartod into tho right hand ono. I found myself iu what seemed to bo a narrow passage or gallery, sloping up- ward, so far as I could distinguish in tho semi-darkness, into' the rocky heart of tho mountain. Stumbling over tho uu ovon floor, I proceeded about a dozou yards forward, whon further ingross was blocked up by a hugo mass of granito, whioh sooiuod.tohavjsbeeu rout from tho roof by BoíftTS£¿ijsjugj$lsion of nature. urouciuug oipinoogeMp-go iragnicnv oí atone, I stopped a^ttäiWoiied. Presently, I heard tho tipamg^^footstops entering -">utor catt}" IfBSMMto voices of mon "7; dtRpB^v^f£t4 üouio'-liko roof '^.VOMHWWJWVO a singular dis \- ji¿i^faí(|dyof)í in common wita ^,/hut I huvold&eO;^fnttlo gorgo and tho "jHwern, thoyítógeíMÍili to ho, in some remoto niumt*»4vt'uèsi4k!ir, not only tho voices 'thumsAB^Bbilfethe conversation, whioh I seonftjJliJ^vplt^Vo hoard before It was not quito Auric yot, and.'as I poore'd'.?downward from behind my hidiug-pluoo, I saw four truculent-look- ing ruffians ; throo of thom boated on the boulders I havo incutionod; and tho fourth lighting a Uro with a heap of " Wild Irishman.* Two of - theai'I know; they belonged to tho party camped lower down the Shotover than wo wore ; tho otbor two word strangers. They wero at high Words, and tho oaths > and blasphomy with which their * IiiijHiuan," a pdcUly plant erowinir iu tho Bullita of this trcolcss rcffion It is usod aaïucl by dlg-Rers ona others in these district». language was interlarded -were terrible to bear. At first I could not catcb their conversation, but, as they calmed down somewhat, I soon found that I was. the subject of it. The one who spoke most bad a slight impediment in his speech, and him I recognised as a suspicious character, known as Stuttering Harry, a recent importation from Victoria, who, if report spoke truth, was not entirely unacquainted with the interior arrange- ments of Pentridge. " I tell 3'ou I heer'd 'im plain enough arrange to start this mornin*, an' to po by the Mount Harris track. Very well, that's the Mount Harris track, ain't it ? and there ain't no other." "Maybe he might have passed us," suggested another of the ruffians. " Patsy Carroll, you always was a fool," was the savago retort. " How | could lio pass us ? Didn't we wait for him at the South Branch ford since mornin', aud he couldn't git acrost any- where else, could he "Maybe ho whit th' other way, or maybe ho didn't start at all," persisted tho ono addressed as Patsy Carroll. "Maybe this, maybe that," was tho reply. " I tell yon I was list'nin' out- side the tent for half-an-hour, and hoard it all. A hundred ounces he was to take, to como this way and no other, and to start at sunrise." This tuen accounted for tho footfall I had heard behind the tent the j>revious night. From their further conversation, I found that they had started from their camp at miduight, andhad waylaidnie ata mino w passnear tho ford of the Motatapu ; their object being not only robbery, but murder. They had waited for mo all day, and had come for shelter to the cave at night, believing that I had got bushed and had camped, and knowing that Iinust pass that way noxt day. I learnt, too, that this pince, which was a quarter of a milo or so off tho track, was a haunt of theirs, and that tho remains I had soon in tho other chamber were those of two of their victims, their rulo being to spare no ono whom they robbed, but to take both gold and life. What an eseapo I had had, or, rathor, had I escaped at all ? No doubt they would leave early in the morning, so as to be ready for mo, as they thought, a tho ford, but how was I to pass the night * I did not daro move, and my constrained1, position began to weary me. Had I not botter make a dash for it. Nonsense ; they were all armed to the teeth, and I was defenceless. As I thought, my eyes had become a little moro accustomed to the darkness, and I saw on my left hand what seemed to bo a narrow opening in tho rocky wall. As I strained my oyo« to poor into the gloom, I slightly altered my position, and, in doing so, movod a stone, which rolled noisily down the passage into tho maiu cavo. In au instaut ovary man was on his feet. They stood for a second, and then with a wild yell, rushod for the gallery whore I was. Unhesi- tatingly, aud without a thought of con- sequences, I darted into the opening rm my left, and plunged madly forward into tho thick darkness, regardless of falls over tho rough footway, or bruises against the jagged walls. Ono, two, throo pistol shots wore sout af tor me, and I heard tho dullots flatten against tho rock, but I wus not hit. Dooper, and still deeper into tho unutter- able blackness I fled, along a tortuous path, sometimes to my right, thon to my loft, fooling my way with bleeding hands and arms. At lust> completely fagged with my exertions, I stopped to vost and to listen. Not a sound. I had rushed madly on, I knew not how far, into the bowels of tho mountain. It was onough that Iwas for the present boyond pursuit. But would tho sleuth hounds abandon the chaso ? Would thoy not follow mo, wore they not then warily but surely track- ing mo to tho death ? Or, still more probable, would thoy not wait for me at tho ontranee, whithor starvation must sooner or hitor drive mo. I had provisions which, taken spar- ingly, would last mo four or five days, but what then? Besides, I had no water, and I knew by bittor oxporienco the pangs of thirst. Again I listened, laying my oar to the ground to catch tho slightest distant footfall. The darkuoss and tho silonce were profound-a darkness that could bo felt, a silence that seomod to render audible tho voiceless stroam of time. Strange to relate, but I supposa my worn-out physical endurance could stand no more, iu tho midst of my dismal re- flections I fell nsleop, at first into a broken and troubled doze, but afterwards into a sound, refreshing slumber. I have no idea how long I slept. It might have been minutes or hours. I had no means of judging. There was no day'; no night. Tho same dense, impenetrable blackness ; the same insupportable silence. It was ns if I had beon hurled into oblivion; boon precipated into an eternity where thoro was no life save in myself ; no time savo that which fleeted past mo. As I awoke I started up, tho whole incident flashing across my brain-thc start, tho lost truck, tho double inomorj of tho cave, tho bushrangers, and the flight. What was to be done ? Should I go ou still further along this fearsome path, or should I roturn and brave inj fate ? But stop ! Which was forward, which was'backward ? My heart gave n sudden bound ns I romomborcd that 1 had turned round moro than once in thc dark, and had nothing to guido mo as tc which .way I had come or was going. For the first time I struck a match, anc lookod about me. I was in a narrow, but rather' lofty, and apparently verj tortuous (for I could only see a few fool beyond mo on either side) gallery oi fissure in a dark, purplish, granite rock I consulted my compass, and saw tha' from tho spot whore I stood tho cave rac north-west and south-oast, but that told me nothing. At a vonture I took tho former course But oro I had fron« inanv vards T -nnr. eeived ii now and undreamt of peril. Tho gallery branched off nearly at right angles into two wrns; and, as I still proceeded, I found, that the whole inte- rior of tho mouniain was a network of subterranean chniubors and corridors, loading from and to one another, like tho mcshos in, but without tho regularity of, a spidor's web. This, then, accountod for tho robbers not having followed me. They know that to have ventured into tho intricacies of this network of caverns was to bo lost, and I--why, thon, and I I was lost. As tho truth flashed across my brain, I almost staggored with terror. I was lost, buried alivo in tho heart of this labyrinth. I hurried on in the dark, recklessly and at random, sometimes striking a match to seo if I could identify a path by whioh I had come. No ; tho samo grim and gloomy rook on either hand, tho same unending darkness be- fore and behind mo. Oh, but this is too terriblo ¡ and I felt my hoart knook at my ribs, and tho cold perspiration start from every pore as I contemplated the future. To linger in this dismal prison-house, to wander through these endless cells, for per- chance two or three days, and then, when nature can hear no further, to lie down on the stony floor, and wait for the end. Would it not he better to finish it at once than endure this living death, this torture of suspense ? No ; life was still sweet, and there was at least tho chance of escape from this awful doom. But no time must bo lost. Like tho accursed Hebrew, I must go on, on, on ; no rest, no pause. Hour afterwearyhourl pressed forward, taking a snatch of food as I wandered. Hour after weary hour in tne darkness, for I had expended uiy last match, and still no sign of deliver- ance. "Was it day or night ? I knew not. Was the sun shining brightly over- head outside, while I here? Oh, horrible J j And in a day or two would my mates be j expecting me, looking anxiously for the one who would never, never, never come -who would be lying, stricken to death perhaps, iu this dreadful place. Tho thought was madness, and I felt my brain reel under it. Still I went on. I screamed, I shouted, I sang, I prayed, I blasphemed by turns, yet kept ever on, walking, and frequently stumbling and falling, in my short snatches of sleep, but I seemed no nearer to the end of this interminable maze. A faint, dreamy kind ot' feeling of progression came ovor mo. I felt no hunger, no thirst ; I experienced no f ear, no anxiety, no fatigue. In the darkness I ? saw visions of houses, castles; green fields, wide forests, noble rivers ; and yet through all was the never-censing feeling that I must go on. "Was I then going mad, or was this indeed madness ? "Walang, ns from a deep sleep, I looked round me ; for a time unconcernedly, as if it wore too much trouble even to think. Then I began to muse wonderingly on what I saw. A nicely furnished room, with a clock ticking cheerily on the mantel-shelf, and a row of medicine bottles on each side of it. A bed, with hangings of mosquito net, and myself lying in it, and disinclined to movo. "Who, then, was ill ? Was it I ? It must be so, and if so, what was the matter with me 1 Let mo try to think. No, I give it up ; I cannot remembor. Three days later dear old George Mosely is seated by my bedside. He has told me all ho knows. I was in the Bridge Hotel, Cromwell, where I had boen for over a week, and J nek Marsh had taken all sorts of caro of mo. It had been a near squeak, though. A party of diggers prospecting on tho Lower Card rowa, near Mount Alpha, had como across me mad with brain fever, but still making onward, shouting and singing as I went. How I had got thero tboy could not imagine, for I appeared to havo como from the direction of the ranges, whoro there was neither track, nor, as they said, tho possibility of finding one. They had taken me to their camp, and had kindly enough, and at no little trouble and expense, brought mo down to Crom- well for medical attendance. I had been talking tho most outrageous nonsenso ever was heard about caves, and murders, and bushrangers, und-but thore, what was the uso of talking-it was all happily over now, and in a day or BO I should bo obie to be up. When I grow stronger, and as tho dread incidonts I have related boiyuno moro and moro clearly imprinted on my memory, I called George and tho doctor together, and, as connectedly as I could, told them my story. They humoured me by pretending to believe it, but I could seo that they put it down os the mero sick fancios of a fovered brain. I was still too woak to argue, so I let them have their way, dotormining some day to convince them. But I never havo. I have sought in vain for tho gorgo and cavo (for my mates have oven humoured mo so far as to go with mo in search), and sometimos nm inclined to bolievo with them that it is a fevered dream. Still it is singular that tho party lower down tho river should havo suddonly disappeared when it was rumoured that I had been found, and that Stuttering Harry and Patsy Carroll wore nover again hoard of in those parts. That is my story, and that is how I am grey, nay, white, at forty. 