§he-!j-opuroll(!|hi|0mi{lq snr-B wmoa n niooaroKATfjD TBS LATTNCBBTON TiMXS Wuwesdat, Jolt SIst, IWH. BvtheB.B. Mangana to day.it is expected that Mr Thomas Higiobotbam, Mr Feehao, and other eminent engineers front VictoriawillamVefortheforpoteof arbitrating between Government «od the Main Line Bailway Company, on the subject of the amount of tollege to be paid for the tue of the third rail on (lie I/snnceston and Western Railway, between Leunceston and Evandale Junction. As stated by as some time ago, Ministers have been, and are still anxious to take advantage of Mr Higinbotham'e presence, to obtain from bini a report upon the Main Line Railway , bnt Mr Grant very properly, as far as the Company's interests are concerned, refuses to allow an; farther inspection to take place until the interest alleged, to be due is paid. This is in reality the one true key to the whole railway diffi culty, and if Ministers would but act up to their own contract obligations, and in accordanoe with the numerous legal opinions obtained, the Main Line Rail way difficulty could be settled to-morrow. Mr Fookoj, Mr Byron Miller, the present Attorney-General, Mr Dobaon, Mr Holroyd, and other eminent lawyers, including, we believe, (he Atlomey Geuers! of England, and Mr Benjamin, Q.C., have all pointed out that the ' condition precedent' to enable Govern ment to compel fulfilment of the contract obligations of the Company, is to pay (lie interest. This done, Government need aBk no questions about inspect ing or Buy otlior course, they can steer straight shesd and compel the Company to do all tbose things which Ministers assert have been left undone. No course conld possibly be clearer, and we cannot understand why there should be any cavil sbont compliance with such a condition. Even onr con temporary, the Examiner, hal come round to this view, and openly advocates it in s leading article on Monday. The writer says : — 'It is too late to object on the ground of defects and omissions when these bare been virtually condoned. The most osey, honest, and cl porlid'ous way of getting out of fbe Main Line Railway difficulty is to pay the guaranteed intcrrBt whilst the Ber viro in fntt.hfnllv TMtrfnrtnorl. anri rninri dent with that to insist upon the line being put and maintained in a ctate of thorough efficiency. The question of speed will also have to be taken into account in the intrnsKleof the public, and if a diminution were assented to by the Government, a rorresnonding concession should' also bo made en Bomo other point by the company.' This is thoroughly sensible advice, and we arc glad to have the support of our contemporary in favor of a course which we have consistently advocated .during two yours. Wo cannot airrea »itb onr contemporary's remarks nbont the pur chase of tbe line — bis vision is too con tracted, and his estimates of probable Future traffic absurd. That, however, is mother matter, and does not at present =^^^ — enter into the discussion, inasmuch to the company have no desire' to sell the railway, and aro very unlikely to offer it to the Government, or to part with it foranysnch snm as our oontempor/^ names. We believe most deoUetty that the line ought to bo in «!Ue hands of the Government, undtiiat it would pay tbe country jpvti' to give notice under tho con.'.-.sct, and take it over by nrhitra on. TasmaniauB, however, generally prefer to pay pretty dearly for their es perience in snob matters. We leave that inexorable arbiter, time, to provo to present disbelievers that our view is right. 3be of the most sensational announce ments we bavo recuived for a longperiod, lutsido tho Eastern Question, reached us by submarine cable from London last night. That is, the appointment of Dig Marquis of JLorne Governor General ot the Dominion of Canada, and that His Excclloocy, accompanied by Her Royal Highness tbe Princess Loniso, vrill embark for Canada in Sep tember. This feet raises the Governors of British colonios to very Web ofiioial and social positions. Tbe Marquis of Lome, son-in-law to Her Majesty the Queen and Empress of all the Indies, considers the position of Governor of a British colony so high that he accepts reposed in him by Her Majesty and tbe British Government. Now that this step has been taken, may we not look forward to find Victoria and New South Wales governed, at no distant day, by members of the Royal family ? Tbe salary allowed to the Governor General of Canada is only £10,000 a, year, the amount paid to Sir George Bowen, with allowances in addition, as Governor of Victoria. It is not likely (bat the amount of salary will have much effect in attracting scions of royalty ont here « Governors of Australian colonies, but it might, and New Sooth Wales will have to raise her Gubernatorial salary by £8000 a yeer to bring it up to the level of Victoria, while South Australia will re quire to doable the amount paid to Sir Wm. Jcrvois. It is probable, however, that tho Marquis of Lome only goes to Canada as to a training school to tit him for still higher official duties as Gover nor General of India. The appoint ment is so highly suggestive of other interesting coming arents, that we are reluctant to drop it, ttiWb intelligence readied us at a very late hour last night. England is extending her Colonial Empire, Instead of permitting it to be dismembered by tho Manchester School of politicians, who will not recognise the Greater Britain which is rapidly growing outside her original dominions. The latest oniony annexed is the island of Socotra, and it is believed that it will be forcisbed with a gar rison from the Indian troops now at Malta. Socotra is an island in the Indian Ocean, off the east coast of Africa, and HO miles north of Cape Guardfm. It is 70 miles io length, and in its broadest part 15 miles in width. The population is about 6000, and con niste moBlly of Bedouins. Owing to the character of the soil the land is more suitable for pasturage than agriculture, thoughts th«eastenidri«trictgrain, f rait, and vegetables are grown. It is particu larly noted for the growth of fine aloeB. The intention of the British Qomrn ment evilently is to extend it* fooU holds and fortifications in new dunes, with the view of protesting and main taining all Indian and colonial territories of Great Britain in peace. This will be fonnd a wiser and safer policy than that openly recommended of practical dismemberment ol her Colonial Empire. The grand and loyal polioy of Ewl Beaoonsfield is speaking home to the hearts «f colonists, who know that the interests of tho British nation in Europe cannot be too closely identified with those of her colonial possessions. Loyal colonists desire that (he old country and the new should stand or fall together, and it is this feeling which hat created such enthusiasm in favor of Barl Bcaconsfield at Sydney, AxEBiOAH SiATniST,— Yesterday we inspeoted some groups of American statuary, exhibited at Messrs. M'PhaiJ and Wermouth'aBostonMuiicBeposltory, where nine cases of theso choice works of art, by John Rogers, of Now York, have just been opened. The groups range from IS} f- 2* inche» in hoi«ht- ™-™° of the group Ulustxmtd Washington Irving'a ?? Rip Tan Winkle.' and the figure of 'Rip'1 was modelled from Mr Joseph Jefferson, who aat for his likeness. V have Rip at home, Rip on the mountain, with his dog Wolf meeting the goblin Dutchman with the keg of soporific liquor, and Rip after his long sleep :— 'Standing in his ruined gateway, he tries to recognise bis old homestead. Be found the house going to decay, the roof fallen in, the windows shattered, and the doors off the hinges. A half-starved dog, that looked like Wolf, was skulking about it. Rip oalled him by name, but tho cur snarled, showed his teeth, and passed un. This was an unkind cut in deed. ' My very dog,' sighed poor Rip, 'has forgotten me.' 'Checkers up at the form ' is a very spirited natural group :— M A gentleman who has goneup to the farm with his wife and baby, is playing checkers with the farmer, who has forced his opponent's pieces into posi tions where they cannot be moved with out being taken. The lady is watching the same, while the child in her arras Is amusinn itself by kicting off the checkers on the board.' ' The Trace ling Magi cian ' is also good, but the favorite will probably be ' Weighing the Baby' :— ' A lady has brought her baby to be weighed In the grocer s scales, and has plaoad it in tho balance. A boy is pull ing down and adding to tho weight of the baby, unseen by the others, who an surprised at the hi^li weight recorded,' ' The Parting PromiBe' should also prove a favorite, as it. tells its etory so clearly. A young man ia about atarting on a journep, and ia parting from his lady love, puts an engagement ring on her finger, while she looks up confidently. I hose groups of statuary were first shown in the Australian colonies at tbe Sydney Exhibition but year, where they were very much admired by many thou sands of visitors. D'Arcv Read's Ghost.-As Mr D'Arcy Read found that he had not space in the Town Hall for all his ghosty apparatus without removing the organ, he has applied to the Council for the use of the Pavilion in the Public Gardens. The Bathunl Standard, in describing the en teitainmont, says:— 'Do you delight in the marirelloUB f Hero are wonders that would raako the Witch ol Eudor pale. Do you like a good song ? The sprites sing charmingly. Do you love to gate on shapely limbs and sylph-like forms t There's a little ghost in yellow tights that will haunt your dreams by night and day. Do you wish to combine pleasure, wonder, and instruction 1 Then see tho Ghost— a tnoro pleasing entortainmont, or one more worthy of patronage, is not in Sydney.' PlAKOFOSri! AMD UBOAN TraiKO ? Messrs Pollard and Sons aro taftged to vinit Lougford this week, and all orders addressed to them at the . Post OIBoe (here, II be promptly attended to. =^ ? ? ? Pono« (BirBT.— At the Police Oouri niterday ? woman named Ellen Portel was chargefwith having stolen seven £1 notes fron/ one John Hamnursly, and (jxCSouu strange reason or other the man did not nut in an appearance to proiroute. The woman was therefore discharged. A Bmakoe Stoey ? The plaintiff in the maintenance csse heard st the Police Court yoiterday, presented rsther B carious slory in her evidenoe to sunpwt hermse. She bspnened to be in Mrs Hawkins* shop, in Patterson strret, on Wednesday evening l«»t, which is only separated from Mr Atkinson's office bv a canvas partition covered with paper. Tbe nnnnniinis of the office were her husband ind Mr Bos well Dean, both of whom she recognised by their voice*. The latter liked Atkinson wben be was (joing away. indhow, and be answered wh.n he had the money, and that Sammy PbiUips owed him some £0, when he would eo down to George Town, and'bosrd the Melbourne steamer there. In contradic tion to this, Ur Dean swore tint he did not recollect any conversation abou'. thai aubjeor, and their talk was only on busi ness nutters. This ttstement wss eon Irmed by Atkinson, who also raid that Phillips did not owe him one farthing, and his wife's story was a complete fabri cation. Mr Mason, in dismissing the information, said Mrs Atkinson wss act ing under a delation, and we think sd too. No Liohis.— Several other wood parlors were proceeded agaioat at the Police Court yesterday, for driving with an'd'H.Jfspen'JWfn* TOfilftJiHiS'.SS July. They all pleaded guilty, and one as an eicusp, said be bad s light until within 230 yards of borne, and did not think it necessary to light it again, but tbe constable caught him in the nick of time, and his omission cost him a floe of 6s, and costs 7s 6d. Another offender pleaded as an extenuation, tbe fsot that his mstebes would not strike, but Mr Mason ssid bo excuse would avail, as tbe law laid that they must carry lights, and in order that tbia law should be strictly observed, he would double tbe fine on all future oceasions, A Narrow Esaipa.— Yelterday morn ing a lad was exercising one of Mr A. O. Parr's livery horses in Paltemon street, when the animal auddenly swerved round, and tbe rider not being on his gusrd, was thrown heavily to the ground. He was not, however, seriously injured, bat got off1 with a severe shaking. , Tbs Victorian Ooubt at ran Pabis Exhibition,— Our Delorajne correspon dent bos favored us with the following ex tract from a letter received from Paris by the last maU:— 'Yesterday we had a whole day at the Exposition, and den are eome beautiful things there, but the Victorian court is a disgrace, there is not a thing worth looking at. Swsllowa and Ariel's ease, just as it was at our hut ex hibition, having been to Philadelphia, is here in shabby condition. There is soms shabby looking tins of meat. M.M.P.O., Bennett's and a few others, bu(tbj iphole affair is far behind South Australia, in whioh there are some artistically mounted emu eggs and other things fresh looking, All the colonies are btfore Victoria, though they have a great space, which is coveted by many others who laugh very rouob at tho show. Nobody but cojonjiu overgo into it' Tashakiaii Baoiho Olub. — K meeting of the committee of the club was held a the Bock Hotel, Hobart Town, tbe Tribune says. Sir J. Milne Wilsjn oc cupied the chair. The following gentle men were elected stewards for the ensuing ts/eln roonlhs:— Sir James Milne Wilson, the Hons. J, Lord, J. Wilson Agnew, J. A. Jackson, lieutenant-Col. St. hill, Messrs. T. B. Clarke, Oscar Flexmore, J, G. liavies, £. P. Wilson, Alfred Page. J. A. Gunn, J. W. Abbott, S. Black*eU, W. .1. Clarke, Joseph Clark, David Lewis, and H. F- Cook, it was resolved that a Spring Meeting should be held on Boxing Day, and the sun of £900 was voted for the purpose, The programme (s to be pub lished on Wednesday. Fail of a Boildiko.— One of the out side walls of a building known as tbe Old Foresters' Hall, in Harrington-street, IpII in completely, tbe ZWitnu says, on Friday night. Mr Andrews, the con tractor, is erecting: the new 6t. David'a Sfihools on the adjoining allotmenl, and the fall of the building is attributed to the large quantity of earth plaaed aiainst it, which had been excavated for the foun dations of the schools. Mr Creswell, tbe solicitor, owes tbe dismembered property, snd we understand be intends to institute legal proceedings in order that his loss mavbe indemnified. OnuELTY to Amkau.— A ease which shows the necessity of the Society for the Prevention of Opualb'to Animals to aid in dealing out punisuaunt (o tboae who wantonly and cruelly illuse animals (lha Merrurjl says) is reported. It appears that on Monday morning, a youth, whi:e trying to urge a jibbing hone he was driving up Collins-street, waa aoooated by a young man, who asked him why the horse refused to move, and on being told that it constantly jibbed, remarked that (- he would make it go,' and plungod a penknife with all his force into the side of the poor beast. The wound bled pro fusely, necessitating its removal to the farriers. The barbarous fellow will, doubtless, be reminded of tbe afiair in a day or two in a way be will not reush. Ladics WoBra tsiib IFciasr j« Fo BACoo.— A curious stary is (old in oon neeiionwiththeearlyeultivstionortobteeo in Virginia. In the beginning of the seventeenth century, tbe plsoters, being all bachelors, regarded themselves merely ai temporary sojoornersintheooloOT. Tbe LondnnCompany, vhiob was established in 1000, lor the colonisation of Virginia, with a view to the permanent establish ment of the planter*! sect out a number of respeelabla' youuf women to aupp]y them with wives. These ladies were actually sold un landing for 120 pounds of lobicco each— about their own weight probably— being the amouot of the ex penses of tbe voyage — Xevxattie {Em.) Courant. Spirituality is not a growlh of earth. Our lives are only desert spots, till a heavenly spring is opened in our hearts. 7t takes most tender care to cherish the delicate beauty of Uie soul. Only God oan do it The Providence Tool Company, which lias for the past year been active in the manufacture »f Peabody-Martioi rifles for the Turkish Government, and which has been sliut down since the cessation of hos tilities between Turkey and Uussia, has just completed a contraeiwith the Russian Government for the manufaetute of over balfa million of rifles of the same pattern and calibre an Ibo.e furnished to the Octo The future is always (airy land to tho young. Life ia like a beautiful and wind ing lane, on either side bright flowers, and beautiful butterflies, and tempting fruits, which irescarooty pause to a-lrnireand to taste, so eager are we tu hasten to an opening which wo imagine will be more beautiful still. But liy degress, as we advance, the trees grow bleak, the flowers and butterflies fall, the fruits disappear, ana we nna wo liavo arrived to reach a desert waste. ' Berkeley, S pt. 1665.— Gentlemen, I feel it a duty I owe to you to eipress my gratitude for the great benefit I nave lerived ly taking 'Norton's CUmomile Pills.' I applied to your agent, MrB-ll, Berkeley, for the above named Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suf fered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy proscribed, but wiiliout deriving any benefit et ell. After taking two bottle, of your valuable Pills I wa- quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefkof those who msTtbus be afflicted.— I am. Sir, yours truly, Hbbkt Alipabs.— To the Pro prietors of Noetos'b QaHubuli Pills.1 »-A»vr. 