ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. Yesterday afternoon the ceremony of Blessing the Foundation Stone of St. Mary's Cathedral, Harrington-street, took place, according to previous announcement. It may be mentioned that a similar ceremony was performed by the late Bishop Will- son on September 12, 1860, on which occasion His Excellency Sir Henry Fox Young and Lady Young, with many colonial officials, attended, and an eloquent discourse was delivered by the Rev. Father Ryan, who was then on a visit from one of the other colonies. The contract, let at that time to a Melbourne builder of the name of Young, to erect a certain portion of the Cathedral, after designs furnished by Mr. Wardell, architect, also of Victoria, turned out to be inefficiently performed, and after the use of the structure for Divine worship for some time, the imperfections were found to be so serious that it was dangerous to use the building, and it became necessary to have it rebuilt. Amongst other funds available for the original work was the liberal bequest of £10,000 by the late Mr. Roderick O'Connor, and it is deeply to be regretted that such a munificent gift should not have been more permanently utilised. However there was no help for it, and the Rebuilding Committee have persevered with admirable zeal and patience in bringing the arrangements to their present state of maturity. Owing to the defective supports to the tower, walls, and other portions of the original structure, as was expected when the danger, became apparent, many of the massive stones used were split, and it is matter of astonish- ment that the whole building had not fallen in and become a perfect ruin. Improved designs were furnished by Mr. Henry Hunter, of Hobart Town, which retained certain portions of the previous structure, and provided for additions, besides the rebuilding of some of the old walls ; and the tender of Mr. Rippon was. accepted at £5995 for cer- tain parts of the work (the stone removed to be used where practicable) ; but the portion not con- tracted for at present is estimated to cost another £3000 or £4000. The original foundation stone was placed under one of the pillars that carried the tower, and that pillar was found not to require removing. But the best part of the pier stone was smashed in pieces, and has had to be replaced, and the whole of the wall at the chancel end had to be taken down. The north and south transepts remain as far as the window sills, and new buttresses at the angles had to be supplied. The sacristy, the nuns' choir, and the chapels, part of which was finished within the last six years, with the stone flagging, remained. It is now intended that there shall be one tower, at the north-east angle of the building, which will be 200 feet high, but that is not included in the present contract. It is also in- tended to have a gallery at the north end of the building, with stairs from the bottom of the tower ; and the organ will be built in the gallery. The present additions will be the nave and aisles, with open roof, and the dimensions of the building are given to us as follows :—length, 151 ft. 6 in. in the clear; width of nave, 22 ft.; ditto of each aisle, 12 ft. 6 in. in the clear ; the transepts, 27 ft. by 22 ft. ; width of walls above the ground, 2ft. 6 in., the floor of the new building to be of wood. The aisle walls to be 17ft., and those of the nave, 33 ft.; the pillars octagon 1ft. 9in., and their height 10ft., with moulded caps and moulded arches on the top. Con- siderable progress has been made with the work already. It took two or three months to take down the tower, and the outer walls are built up to the level of the springing of the windows. About thirteen mouths have already been occupied by the contractor, who is ably assisted by his son, and it is expected to be at least two years more before the structure is completed. We omitted to mention that the new tower will be carried up clear of the walls, the finishing of the tower to be matter of subsequent arrangement. Having thus referred to the history and progress of the Cathedral building, we have to notice more in detail the ceremony of yesterday. The site of the present foundation stone is at the north-west angle of the building, where the tree legs were put up, and the apparatus for lowering the stone was of a simple kind. The foundation stone is one of the old stones, an immense block, 6ft. by 3ft., and upwards of a ton weight, and a splendid specimen of the Kangaroo Point stone it is. An awning was provided near the foundation for the accommoda- tion of the bishops, clergy, the vice- regal family and others, and as the heat of the sun was very great many others were eager to avail themselves of the protection from the directed rays of the orb of the day. There was a plentiful supply of forms beyond the awning, which also soon found occupants. It was nearly half-past three before the proceedings commenced, His Excellency Mr. Weld, Mrs. and Misses Weld, who were accompanied by Lieut.- Colonel St. Hill, and the Rev. Father Vaughan, brother to the Archbishop of Sydney, and a relative of Mr. Weld, were received by Father D. F. X. Beechinor, and some members of the committee, by whom they were escorted to seats beneath the awning. The procession was then formed, the clergy having robed in the sacristy ; and it consisted of the children of the Convent school, with banner, the children of Mary, with their banner, who, as they walked into the Cathedral ground, sang in very pretty style— "Daily, daily sing to Mary," "The Immaculate," and other hymns ; the nuns and boarders at the Convent in their veils followed, then came Acolytes, and then the clergy, namely—Fathers W. J. Dunne, C. P. Woods, B. R. Hennebry, D. F. X. Beechinor, M. J. Beechinor, the procession being completed by the Most Rev. the Bishop of Hobart Town, with mitre and crosier, and the most Revs. the Bishops of Sandhurst (Victoria), and Maitland (New South Wales). At this time the pontificial flag was floating at the summit of the building, the Union Jack being hoisted above the foundation stone. The procession advanced towards the build- ing, when the bishops and clergy, joined by the choir, walked round the building and foundations, the officiating bishop, Dr. Murphy, sprinkling them with holy water, and the usual litanies and psalms, including the Quam Delecta, Misere Mei, Nisi Domi- nus, Laetatus Sum, and Fundamenta Ejus were chanted. Coming to the foundation stone the prayers were continued, and a bottle hermetrically sealed, de- posited in a cavity underneath the foundation stone. The bottle contained copies of The Mercury, Tribune, and Tasmanian Catholic Standard (approved by the Bishop), two coins of the realm, namely, a bronze penny and a silver penny, a portion of soil from the grave of St. Patrick (Ireland), and an inscription in Latin, containing the date of the ceremony, the names the Bishops of Hobart, Maitland, and Sand- hurst as having been present ; the date of the Pontificate of Pius IX., the name of Mr. Weld, Governor of the colony, and of the Rev. D. F. X. . Beechinor, incumbent of St. Mary's Cathedral, con- cluding with the name of Queen Victoria. His Excellency the Governor was then requested by the Bishop of Hobart Town to lay the foundation- stone, which, after the mortar had been spread, was lowered to its proper position, under the superintendence of Mr. Hunter, the architect, and Mr. Shields, the contractor, Mr. Hunter handing to His Excellency the trowel, mallet, and plummet in succession. The holy water was again sprinkled and additional prayers said, when His Excellency returned to his chair. The clerical procession again walked round the building, and the ceremony of blessing and laying the foundation-stone was then completed. The Bishops and clergy advanced to the awning and took their seats, except the Most Rev. Bishop Crane (of Sandhurst), who stood at a reading desk provided for the purpose, and commenced his sermon. Bishop CRANE selected for his text, Matt., xxviii. , 19, 20, " Go and teach all nations/and behold, I am. with you all days, even unto the end of the world.", , L He Baid one of the principal effects of the descent oí . the Holy Ghost was the founding and establishing of the Church of Jesus Christ. That Church, small f in tho beginning, like unto the grain of mustard- ' seed mentioned in the Gospel, and confined within, ?,, the limits of the city and neighbourhood of Jerusa- lem, in a short time showed such wonderful power» that its branches, like a great tree, spread forth in every land, and the truths at first promulgated by our Lord wero carried by the preaching of tho Apostles to the uttermost parts. -"Their sound went into all the earth and their words to the re- . . T motest corners of the world." At first the Apostles Í - preached the Gospel to the Jews only, and such waa * the wonderful success of their preaching that «awe read in the Acts of the Apostles, St. Peter's first . ' two sermons converted 8000 souls to the religion of Jesus Christ. Then under the guidance of the Divine Spirit that descended on the Apostles, they carried the faith to the gentile world ; and thus the Church to which wo have tho happiness at thiB day to belong was established among the nations of the earth by tho preaching which took place ¡j« obedience to the command of JOSUB Christ, " Gaand teach all nations." In thoso words they beheld that divine commission that was entrusted by our blessed ~ Lord to the Apostles and their successors, to illumi- nate the world with the light of tho Gospel, and to proclaim to tho ond of time the great truth», ~> revealed by God for the salvation of his people.' Tho Apostles were replenished with heavenly wisdom, and assisted by tho Holy Spirit they fulfilled their commission that they should preach ' the'gospel to every croaturo, and even in opposition, to tile united powers of earth and hell,., which seeded to have conspired against them, they carried on the Church which was built on Peter, for Jesus Christ said, " on this rock will I build my Church." This divine commission still subsists in the Church, What the Apostles were unable to do in their* lifetime they appointed others to do after them« to, t extend the faith from their time to our time, ano\ ' even to the end of the world. And while, they believed in the existence of a Church established by God for the çajvatvm of men, they believed io. the commission to proclaim doctrine or divine dogma. Our belief ia that the Church ia the special tribunal appointed to authoritatively teach the truths of divide revelation, The doctrine _ emin ciated by those words was clear, and intelli- gible to the humblest capacity ; they must either admit that, or repudiate the solemn declarations of the blessed Lord. There wore no denominations of Christians, but would admit with us the solemn declarations of the Son of God, as con . tained in the Holy Gospel. Therefore they must admit the authority of the Church to teach, and by inferonce, it must bo the duty of man to submit to thiB teaching. Our Blessed Lord said, "He that, will not hear the Church, let him bo unto theo a» a heathen ond a publican." "He that despiseth me, despiseth him that sent me." Therefore, it, was, im- perative on ua to reapect our supreme authority, and to subm.it to its decisions oa infallible in the, explanation of all doubtful doctrines in the written ? and unwritten word of God. For the Holy Ghost was promised to be with tho Church to tile ond of the world. And what waa the nature of the promise? Thoy dared not assort that he wa» promised to be with a fallible and erring Church, for if ho was, it would bo a promise to sanction bR his presence a Church that might toaoh false ' doctrine and a false religion. But he was BUM nq one was so reckless as to believe such impious ecm cluaions. There was therefore no other conclusion but that the Oliuroh was the authorised tribunal, and the infallible interpreter of divine revelation,,' The Church therefore may bo thus defined ; the great congregation of men dispersed through the nations of the world who, though they might differ urany other respocts, language, .custom,'habits, temporal interests, still all hold tho same faith, receive the same doctrines, subject to one supreme head, the successor of Peter, the vicar of Jesus Christ, Tha Church thus established and perpetuated by the, preaching of the Apostles is tho saino to-day as it was in tho Apostolic age, for wo have the same faith, the same doctrines, and the Church is the deposit of the divine faith that was entrusted, to tho custody of his church, preserved amid tho , dissolution of earthly establishments, and tile fall and ruin of numerous nations and empírea, as pufej - ' and spotless' us it was wh'on'Potor'and'thè oVhw apostles first received it from Jesus Christ. The most rovorond speaker continued his remarks to the same ell'cot, and went on to refer to the present illustrious Pontiff, the persecution to which he had been subjected, in spite of which the Church had never shown mure vitality than during his pontificate. The Councils of Nicene in the 4,th,' and of Trent in the 10th centuries, had an im pot tant bearing; but tho Council of tho' Vatican, at wliioh Pius IX presided under the dome of St. Peter, waB of a moro universal and, representative character, and waa moto largely attended : the Council of the Vatican presenting to the world the most magnificent sight, with its 800 father«, that was ever behold, exemplifying a con. viucing proof of tho infallibility and existence of the Catholic Church. His Lordship quoted the great St. Augustine on the authority of the Church, who said " he would not believe even the Gospel of Jesus Christ unless he was drown'fea it by the authority of the Church." The Bishop then urged the duty of thankfulness for the bless- ings they enjoyed ; and speaking of the venerable Bishop of this diocese said he had been told that 15 churches had been built by that ex- cellent prelate, who had had financial difficulties to contend with in reference to the Cathedral. He concluded by urging every one present to give a contribution to the building fund ; he presumed they had all given before, and they would be called upon to give again, but on that occasion especially he invited them all to contribute generously. The Governor and Vice-Regal family then retired, His Excellency first handing in a cheque for £25. Other contributions were handed in, including the Bishop of Sandhurst £20, Bishop of Maitland £10, Father Woods £10, Father Dunne £5, Father M. J. Beechinor £5, Father D. F. X. Beechinor £10, Mr. Neil Lewis £5 5s., Mrs. Becher (Maitland) £5 5s., Mr. H. Hunter £10, and other sums of £1 and 10s. each, and smaller amounts, making an aggregate of about £230, which, considering the large amount subscribed on the previous Sunday at New Town, was deemed liberal and satisfactory. There were about one thousand persons present on this occasion. 