.s jj b tj a, ea a re es «j- hh . (FltOM OUR CoRRESPONIiENT.) Tho postponed tea mooting and evening enter- | taiument, in connection with the Alowrie Division Sons of Temperance, came off on Tuesday even in', 8tli inst. The affair was a success. The tea 'meeting arrangements were perfect, and 'tlie ?supply profuse and excellent. S. Marks, Esq... -presided at tne evening entertainment, and made ail 1 admirable opening speech. Tho ilev. W. Moore -spoke at some length in advocacy of the m ? ? ill his usual ai'i/unientativn and leffective'niiiiiner. ' Mr. R. Hall read the Annual .'Report, -which -showed the Division to be in a pmajerous condition, especially with reference to its Jiniiiices. -Mr. and Mrs. Cawdell contributed nnioh to the enjoyment of tho evening by singing two popular duets and solus, -receiving several -encores. Miss Eall sang two songs in good stylo and responded to an encore. She also took part with Mrs. Cawdell'in a vocal duet. Two instru mental duets by Mrs. Cawdell and Miss Hull formed an attractive part of- tlioiprogramnie. Mr. Ilall gave a reading from Dickens' Marloy's Ghost, which was well received. Mr. Cawdell very ?effectively read Macauley's Virginius. Mr. H. W. Leo gave three rocitations in admirable stylo, The Drunkard's Wife (as an encore), Tho -Dying Child, and Absalom, A very amusing-recitation \--was given by Master Edward Allen, entifcleU 'tho 'Wag and the Wager.' This first effort of Master Allen, not connected with his school, r.s1 a public reciter evidenced considerable aptitude for this kind of amusement. The accompanists :for tlie evening were Mrs. Cawdell and Miss Hall. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, proposed by ?lUr. Hall and seconded by Mr. Cawdell, was ? carried with enthusiasm. Tlio Chairman's grace ;fulToply, followed by the singing of God Save :tlid Queen, closed the proceedings of a very en joyable evening. Mr. Surveyor Tillitt and staff are now en gaged in surveying tho harbour, preliminary to ?the erection of a breakwater. Their operations havo -been much -retarded by continuous heavy :seas. 