THE RUSSIANS OF TO-DAY. Marriage Customs. Russian marriages are generally arranged through priests. Being matters of business, it is desirable that there should be no mistake as to the amount of dower the bride is to bring, and there would very likely be mistakes if some member of the UDDer clerarv were not to act as an inter- mediary in preparing the settlements. An archimandrite does much of the work that falls to notaries in other countries ; only he charges more, and a portion of the dower is apt to stick between his fingers. A well-bred bridegroom must present a gift to the monastery and another to his parish church ; the bride, through her friends, is expected to clothe some statue of the Virgin with a gown of silver brocade, enriched with more or less jewels accord ing to the piety of the donor ; and in some parts of South ern Russia she adds a gift of two white doves to the Pope, which looks rather like a relic of the worship of Venus. The consent of parents is necessary for a marriage ; until the age of thirty in the case of men, twenty-five in that of women ; but young people are at liberty to appeal to the civil authorities if consent be arbitrarily withheld. In this event the parents are called upon to show reason for their refusal. The reason must not be mercenary, unless one of the young people be heir to a landed estate ; then the ques tion is referred to the martial of the nobility in the district, whose decisions arc based unon evnedienev rnfliorfbnn nr fixed principles. These appeals are rare, because the Russians are a marrying people, and dispose of their children early. In the middle and lower classes men marry at twenty when not drafted by the conscription ; in the higher aristocracy a young man goes the " grand tour " before settling down, but lie is often betrothed before start ing to a young lady not yet out of the schoolroom, and he weds her immediately upon his return. There is no country which has so few old maids as Russia. The great ridicule attached to the title, when not borne by a nun, has possibly something to do with the unwillingness of ladies to sport it. When a girl has reached the age of twenty-five with out finding a mate, she generally sets out on what she calls a pilgrimage if poor — on a round of travels if rich ; and in either case she turns up some years later as a widow. Widows are as plentiful as old spinsters are scarce ; and widows whose husbands were never seen are more numer ous than the rest. Etiquette forbids any allusion to a lady's dead husband in her presence ; and this is, perhaps, some times convenient. When a couple are engaged, a betrothal feast is held, and the bride-elect has a lock of her hair cut off; in the presence of witnesses, and given to the bridegroom, who in return presents a silver ring set with a turquoise, an almond cake, and a gift of bread and salt. From this moment the two are plighted ; nor can the relatives break the match except with the consent of the parties them selves, which is signified- by a return of the ring and lock of hair. So much importance is attached to the ring, at least in the north of Russia, that among the poor people Avho cannot afford silver and a turquoise, tin and a bit of blue stone are substituted. These betrothal rings are kept as heirlooms, but must not be made to serve twice— a son cannot give his bride the ring which his mother received, foi instance ; though why this should be so is a mystery which the clergy, who sell the rings, could best explain. On the wedding day the bride conies to church dressed in white ; but it is only among the highest classes, who copy Western fashions, that the bridal costume is entirely white, and that a wreath of orange-blossoms is used. Among the Russians pure light blue is the nuptial flower, and a coronet of silver ribon stands in place of the wreath. The wedding- ring for the bride is of gold or some yellow metal, but not a plain hoop ; it is generally a double ring with enchased stars. The bridegroom has a ring, too, which the bride puts on his finger at the altar alter she has received his, and this is mostly a plain one. The clergy make much ado about the rings being of pure metal, and thereby keep the sale of them in their hands, though it would not always be safe to test the purity of the ecclesiastical gold with a touchstone. After the wedding service, which com prises in some of the less civilized districts the breaking of an earthenware vessel in token that the bride renounces her own possesssion (or is teAy to smash all her father's crockery for her husband's sake— explanations differ)— after this there is an adjournment to a banquet, in which mulled koass (small beer) and almond cakes play a great part. Weddings need not be celebrated before midday, nor must they take place in a church. In fashionable circles it is the custom to solemnize them in a drawingroorn, and by candle-light. There is no departure on a honeymoon tour. The banquet is followed by a ball, then by a supper ; and at this last repast, when held in houses where old customs are observed, a new satin slipper, supposed to be the bride's, is produced, and used as a drinking vessel by the bridegroom's friends, who pass it round and drink the bride's health in it till it is soaked through and will hold liquor no longer. In houses where speeches are made, it is not the bridegroom, but the bride's father, who returns thanks when her health is drunk — this usage being owing to the fact that a lather still retains authority over his child after she is married, lie may summon her from her home to tend him when he is sick. If he lose his wife he may claim his married daughter's services as a house keeper during the first three months of his widowhood ; and he very olten does so. ft the daughters hus band die, her father may order her to return to his roof, and he becomes dejure the guardian of her children. None of these privileges are retained by the married woman's mother. Divorces are not allowed in Russia, but a marriage can be annulled for informality ; and so divorces are pretty frequent. It is only a question of money, like most Russian things. In Lithuania and some parts of little Russia, it is the custom for the bride's nearest relative to give her a slap on the face at the moment of leading her to the priest, the object of this being to establish in case of need that the bride married under compulsion — which would be enough to break the marriage. Russians themselves assure strangers that the slap is only a reminder to the bride to behave well in future ; but the true sense of it is that just stated, for otherwise the reminder would presumably be given by the bridegroom. In some parts of the Empire the date of the marriage is left blank on the certificate ; and this again furnishes grounds for a divorce. In the Chersonese the pope intentionally omits to register the ages of the parties ; but there is ho real need for any of these precautions, for the marriage laws are so complex that two parties willing to pay for the luxury of a separation can easily ferret out a ukase whose prescriptions were not scrupulously observed at their nuptials. It is the clergy who declare a marriage null, and they will connive at any trick for this purpose. It is not by any means rare for a lady of fickle affections to get her new lover to pay her lmslin lilt o „ ..... l._ i-x- _ .1- . „ nuiu v/j. iiiuuvy tiuii, iiu xiiay consent iu a uivorce ; and this has been done even in social circles where a regard for decencies might have been expected. About a dozen years ago an Imperial decree was launched, forbidding servants of the Crown below "the fifth lank to apply for annulments of marriage except with permission of their chiefs, which would have been absurd if such annulments had only been asked for, as a rule, upon sufficient grouuds. Annulled ladies, whether re-married or not, are received into society ; so arc those who have annulled marriages two or three times ; and; indeed, Russian morals as to the sanctity of marriage are nothing if not lax. Russians make good husbands according to their own ideas of good — that is, the' are indulgent, good-tempered, and not jealous ; but in the higher classes they are incorrigible flirts, and in the rrvC1 arKb being drunk, settle all connubial differences by blows. It is a common sight in a village to see a mujick cuffing his wife with might and main ; nor do her howls bring any of her own sex to her assistance. It seems to be admitted among all but the upper classes that a man has full right to beat his wife, and she gets no sym pathy whether she vociferates or hits back. In case of flagrant infidelity a Russian may have his wife put in prison lor a year, and if she be not of noble blood or of a priest's iainily, he may have her once flogged besides ; but this prerogative is more honoured in the breach than in the observance. Women have no counter-hold over their husbands, and herein appears the Oriental view still prevail ing in the Empire as to the ascendancy of the strong sex. A husband may appear as a witness in a lawsuit against Ins wife, but a wife is not heard against her husband ; a man may oblige his wife to work for him, but a wife can not sue her husband even for necessaries, and she has no redress against him if he deserts her. Orientalism appears again in the almost total seclusion of Russian middle-rank women within their own homes. You must have known a Russian of thc_ trading class for some time before he thinks it advisable to introduce his wife ; and you must have been his intimate friend for years before he would take the liberty of letting her sit down to table in your presence. Russian women go out of doors with their children, but seldom with their husbands ; and a man is not expected to take notice of another man's wife by bowing to her if she passes him in the streets. One of the sights which sur prises a Russian of the midland cities most when lie goes to fet. Petersburg, Moscow, or Odessa, is to notice the pro miscuous flow of both sexes in the streets and in places of amusement. As to the spectacle of married ladies sitting in the boxes of theatres with their shoulders bare, this amaz ing license is enough to take his breath away. Monks and Nuns. Writing of Russian nuns nearly forty years ago, M. de Custine gave them a character for the most dissolute morals. They were as bad then as some of their Fiench sisters in the seventeenth century who provoked Diderot to write his " Religcuse ; " and they have not improved since, There are only about 7,000 of them in the whole empire, as against 9,000 monks ; and the orders o both sexis are scattered among 800 convents. This Avou'd give each establishment an average of no more than twenty inmates ; but a number of postulants and novices must, lie added who act as servants to those who have taken their vows. The four great lauras, as the large monastries are called, contain about 150 monks apiece ; two o." the first-class nunneries have more that) one hundred sisters ; but many country-town conventual institutions boast but three or four friars or nuns, avIio are all scandalously fat and rich, and lead lives which one might think would tempt the lazy and good-for-nought among the people to look upon them Avith eiiA'y. It is just the contrary, and the monastic orders are extremely difficult to recruit, notwithstanding that the bishops resort to coaxing and even to coercion for the pur pose. Originally a man could only become a monk at thirty, and a Avotnan a nun at forty ; and postulants for orders were obliged to prove that they were of noble or ecclesi astical family ; but these conditions have been abrogated, and nothing is required now but a knowledge of reading and Avriting. Vows are not eternal either, but may be re canted after formalities Avhich can be much simplified by the customary national talisman of a bribe in the proper quarters. On the other hand, monks and nuns are con strained to celibacy ; they lose what property they pos sessed as civilians (it goes to their heirs, as if they Avere dead), and if they re-enter civil life they are debarred during a term of seven years from entering the service of the Crown, inheriting or buying land, or inhabiting the cities of St. Petersburg or Moscow. It may be that these rules have something to do Avith the repugnance of Russians for monastic life, but one must rather attribute the feeling to the universal abhorrence and contempt in Avhich the " black clergy " are held. They are wealthy, powerful and arrogant, but pariahs for all that. However, a Russian who can surmount his objection to enter an execrated caste finds his lines cast in very pleasant places. All the high digni taries of the Church — metropolitans, archbishops, archi mandrites, abbots and priors — are chosen from among the monks ; and the nuns can rise to such dignities as abbesses, prioresses and holy mothers. It is computed that the abbots of the lauras pocket £10,000 a year apiece, anil those of' the smaller monastries at least £2,000. The abbesses are equally well off. About a year ago one who had held her office ten years created a scandal by going off to France Avithout leave to get married, and the Moscow Gazette re vealed that she had amassed more than a million of roubles. All this money is earned through the gross superstition which in Russia does duty for religion. Monks and nuns sell tapers, holy relics, images, wedding-rings, and indulg ences. They sell prayers, blessings, and the right of burial Avithin monastries, which wealthy Russians prize highly, and for Avhich they pay by sums bequeathed in their wills.' Then the monks are sturdy beggars,, and it is considered unlucky to send them aAvay empty-handed. They knock at every door, and turn to account every domestic event which may induce generosity — weddings, christenings, Avindfalls of money, or promotion in the service. They have been known to call upon professional gamblers avIio Avere reported to have Avon largely at cards, and upon opera songstresses who had been lucky in the matter of diamonds. Towards the rich they are obsequious, Avith persons of the middle class familiar, to the poor insolent ; but, Avhatever contempt may be felt for them by boyard or mujick, no one cares to cross them, for it is as true in Russia to-day as it Avas in England before the Reformation that " If you do but. speak ill of a friar's dog, you have a thousand monks railing at you" If monastic property had remained iimolate through centuries, the Russian orders Avould by this time OAvn half the land in the country ; but Peter the Great, Elizabeth and Catherine II. all laid ruthless hands upon their estate, and for this reason monks no longer care to be presented Avith lands. Offer .some productive acres to an abbott, and he Avill te.l you that he prefers cash or jcAA'els, as " easier to distribute among the poor," the truth being that the friars never give aAvay a kopeck. They live subject to no rule, and do not even eat or pray in common. Enter the laura of Troitza, some sixty miles from Moscow, Avhich is the largest monastery of the country, and you find a regular city full of churches and image shops. There are no fewer than live-and-forty churches Avithin the Avails, some large, some small, but all full of the tombs of noblemen, and also of shrines amazingly rich and beautiful. The chapel of St. Serge, the founder of the order, is one mass of gold, diamonds, and emeralds, Avhich Avill sorely tempt the cupidity of the Government whenever Russia gets a needy ruler bold enough to brave the prejudice Avhich has hitherto held monastic jeAvels' more sacred than monastic lands. The monks of the Troitza live in the image-shops, each according to his fancy, and it is generally understood that after remitting half the earnings of their beggary and pious sales to the Abbot, they may keep the rest for themselves. They all Avcar long black goAvns, Avith rope girdles and (loAving beards, and they are Avaited upon, as above said, by the postulants, Avho are trained to religious habits by carousing iii their company. Not so long ago it Avas the custom to recruit the ranks of monkery by regularly im pressing some of the most promising pupils in the four ecclesiastical academies of St. Petersburg, KieAV and Kazar; but noAvadays Bishops institute inquiries as to schoolboys and University students avIio have a taste for study and disputation, and interest is brought to bear upon their parents, Avho send the lads to be coAvled often sorely against their will. Home feAV sons of clergymen take the habit from ambition, and some noblemen's sons for the purpose of enriching their ruined families, and there is a percentage of monks avIio Averc Popes, but became dis qualified from holding Benefices oAving to the deaths of their Avives. No man, hoAvever, becomes a friar in Russia from ardent spiritual vocation, or from disenchantment at the a'anities of this Avorld, for the monkish life is one of money-making, turbulent imposture, intrigue and notorious licence. M. lvatkoff, avIio cannot be suspected of icono clastic proclivities, has over and over again clamoured for the abolition of the monasteries and the appropriation of their property to educational purposes. He forgets, hoAvever, that a great deal of this property, being portable, Avould melt aAvay with startling suddenness if there were any serious rumours o!" disestablishment in the air. The Government has no present intention of meddling Avith the black clergy, because they serve it too well. The monks and nuns act as spies and propagators of religious fanatacism, Avhich is often useful for political purposes. Dispised as they arc, the superstition Avhich brings so much money into their hands is a great force ; and they can work it like a lever for the doing of mighty things. No- lliing is more incomprehensible than the sentiment which linkes a Russian grovel before a holy image while he sneers at the church servant avIio carries it ; but it is a fact that the evil reputation Avhich monks and nuns enjoy, and deserve, does not prevent them from boAving the necks of the haughtiest boyards and Avormingall their secrets out of them. Fur instance, if a lady of rank falls ill, a nun presents herself as nurse, and is admitted Avithout parley, because public opinion would accuse the lady's husband of heartless indifference to his Avife's recovery if he turned aAvay a Avoman Avhose presence would bring divine bless ing into the house. Of course the nun does no nursing, but she feeds aavM, mumbles some prayers by the patient's bedside, and avoi ..s upon her superstitious terrors Avith a plausability bred o long practice. Before she leaA'es the house the nun knows all about its concerns ; and that knowledge is soon conveyed, if needful, to the police office. So it is Avith the monks, avIio visit hospitals, fairs, schools, and barracks. R issians are quite aAvare that the inviolability of confession as understood by their clergy, but especially by the olack clergy, is a mockery ; but this does not make them more reticent ; for they speak out of a terrified feeling that the uiiavo thiuess of the minister has nothing to do Avith the sacredness o. his office, and that to tell a monk untruths aa'ould be to court ill-luck. That dread of ill-luck, Avhich makes a Russian Avear turquoises and ban opals, carry a bit of scarlet cloth in his pocket, and start if he upsets a spoonful o: salt, acts as efiioiently upon the freethinker as upon the old Muscovite, who believes that the dry bones in the catacombs o.. Kiew come to life every year on the feast of St. Raul at niidight. A Russian may scoff at the powers above, but he has great respect for those beloAV ; and the theolgy which bishops inculcate both in the pulpit and the boudoirs, where they are admitted because of the tattle they would retail if kept out, is largely descriptive of pranks Avhich Satan plays upon the unfaithful by the agency of ghosts, apparitions, crosses in love, and money. When the Government Avere minded to embark in the present Avar, the clergy were ordered to kindle public enthusiasm for a crusade against the infidel Turk ; and they did so Avith remarkable zeal and unanimity. The pious movement began in the Empress's draAving-room through the metropolitan of St. Petersburg, Avas carried into all the drawing-rooms of the nobility by the archimandrites, and among the people by the monks and nuns, Avho took care to be no losers by the general out burst of orthodox piety. For Aveeks and months the con vent churches Avere crowded Avith officers and soldiers, who brought their SAVords or bayonets to be blessed by being placed, for money, upon some shrine ; and at this moment the Avives and mothers of the unlucky men at the seat of Avar are pouring more and more money into the hands of monks by the purchase of amulets, Avhich are to render their beloA'ed ones invulnerable. Religion is a paying con- cern Avhen conducted in this Avay.— -Fall Mall Budget. 