j DR. NEWMAN AT OXFORD. (From the Times.) AREB thirty-three years' absence Dr. Newman has lately revisited Oxford. A third of a century, a generation in the life of humanity, has passed away and the worn scholar comes back like a ghost to move among the crumbling buildings, the cold cloisters, and the now leafless trees of the gardens, where in the maturity of his manhood his busy spirit was remorse), lessly driven forward in the pursuit of peace and rest. He has long since found a haven which, if not the best, is, perhaps, not the worst, for the shelter of weary mortals; yet we know with what keenness his memory retains the history of the conflicts and struggles which preceded his abandonment of the communion of his fathers. He has himself traced out the progress of growth and change that had its end in his reception into the Church of Rome. The simplicity and sincerity of the confessions of the " Apologia " command our sympathies, even when we most strongly renounce the reasoning to which he yielded, and some pang of kindred pain is inspired as the narrative reaches its great culmination. It was then that Dr. Newman quitted Oxford, which he now revisits. It is not surprising that he has never borne to see the ancient city in all the years that have since passed ; but we hope we may gather from his present I visit that for him the fever and the fret of life have ceased. Vivid as is his memory of his former period of unrest, he can go back to the scene of its history without being overcome by too disturbing emotions. It may even be that some sense of serene pleasure is felt to mingle with his musings over the past. Dr. Newman has ever had a delicate love for all things beautiful and noble, and no one could have spent such years as he did at Oxford without being penetrated by the charm of its dignity and grace. In it the past and the present are reconciled to one another, and the thoughts of the student involuntarily draw the living and the dead within the circle of his affections. Yet we may be sure that in passing through' a crisis of mental and moral tumult the feeling of beauty is thrown into the background, even though it, cannot disappear, and jury Newman's last experiences of Oxford were so largely mixed with pain as to nullify the force of its fascination. ' But after more than thirty years warring forces are appeased, and the consciousness of charm revives. All that is then to be feared is the danger of some change which sets at naught our associations. We seek out some well-remembered spot-it may have been a cramped library, a humble chapel, or a garden walk knowing no higher charm than a mouldering brick wall, by the side of which we passed in agitated thought-no places of beauty to the ordinary visitor, but glorified in our memory because there the spirit had led its highest life; and we find the scene abolished to make way for some invention of the modern time that may, perhaps, in its turn become the centre of associations for after generations. The Universities now know too much of the morbid activity which ruthlessly destroys the vestiges of the past, and Dr. Newman must mourn the disappearance: of much he would fain have seen retained. Dr. Newman goes back to Oxford after thirty-three years of absence. In the " Apologia" he tells us of the steps that immediately preceded and accompanied his great determination until the moment came when he silently betook himself away from the home of his spirit. " I have never seen it since." Nor did he quit the place only. He cut himself asunder from friends and fellow-workers, from pupils and disciples to whom his departure was a great consternation. Some of them followed their master and friend into the Church of Rome, but by far the greater number of those who had hung upon his words at Littlemore and in St. Mary's started back from the chasm that appeared to be opening at their feet, and remained permanently estranged from him. And now there are few, very few, left to prove by their reception of Dr. Newman that the communion of friendship is deeper and broader than the communion of divided Churches. The Society of Trinity may be said to have drawn him back to Oxford, for, mindful of the fact that in the earliest years of his academical career he was a scholar of their house, they elected him at Christmas to be an Honorary Fellow and his visit to the University was, as it were a making-up of the freedom of his new position. He was the guest of the President of Trinity during his stay, and on the second day of his visit he dined at the high table in the hall, wearing the academical dress of old days. There must be, however, more living memories of Dr. Newman at Oriel, of which he was a Fellow in the great years of Oripl's intellectual supremacy. But though the colleges remain, the men have gone. Dr. Pusey is still to be found at Christ Church, and we read that the two friends met together in a long interchange of memories. The, foremost leaders of the great movement that was first manifested in the " Library of Anglo-Catholic Theo log)* '' and the Tracts for the Times " thus survive, but they join hands from separated folds. One has clung to the last to the Via Media of the Anglican Church ; the other abandoned it as an untenable resting-place and now that a generation has passed, they meet in the scene of their early united labours. The meditative calm which has succeeded to the passionate energy of the years of manhood may allow them to look back to the time when they stood side by side, and to regard the intervening period of disunion as an uneasy dream. The Anglican who submitted himself to the Papal See has never forgotten that he was an Anglican, and has never been able to exclude from his affections the Church into of which, he was born and as the confines of life approach, the feeling may gain strength that our ex- clusions are vain and frivolous. It is impossible not to feel regret that Dr. Newman should ever have quitted the English Church, and we ask ourselves the question whether he could not have remained within its fold. It is the most hospitable of Churches, and would never have driven Dr. Newman forth had he found himself free to continue within it. But there are powers within us and without us which are stronger than ourselves. A message. is received which must be delivered. A lesson is learnt which must be communicated to all that will hear. A time may come when rest shall be lawful and sweet ; but the attempt to attain it by a premature compression of energy defeats itself, and the quiet we would enjoy proves to be poisonous and bitter. To blame the wilfulness of the propaganda that disturbs the serenity of ourselves and of our con-, temporaries is to expose" the shallowness of our con- ceptions of the movement of human life. There is a heaven that cannot be restrained. There is a light penetrating the encircling gloom which the wanderer dare not refuse to follow. Dr. Newman's life' has been consistent and complete. We may rejoice that we have not been led along the same lines, we may be glad that we have escaped the influence of causes that have brought him to the adoption of theories of belief that we must hold to be partial and erroneous ; but there is nothing to lament in the fact that he has unwaveringly followed where his conscience led him, even though he is found at the last estranged from the communion of his fathers. His life, with its denunciations and its sincerity, has been a gain to English life, and it is a station of weakness that leads us to regret that he could not have subdued the inquiring energy of his spine and re- mained to the last a Fellow of Oriel. " TI'RCOPHIL" AND " Itussoi-HiL."-Dr. Leary, of Oxford, protests in the Times against the growing use of such compound terms as " Russophil and Three phil," on the ground that they do violence to the re- recognized principles of composition alike in the Greek language from which they are partly compounded, and in the English language into which they are now being introduced of From a Greek point of view, " Tuicophil" and " Russophil" would mean " layed by the Turk," " loved by the Russians mean- ing clearly contrary to what we are supposed, by their writers, to understand by such' terms, while they would not mean, " loving the ' Turk," " losing the Russians' sense on which we are supposed to understand them. The usage in classical Greek which rules respecting " phil " (Silos) in composition is simple and absolute. That usage gives an active sense to " phil " as a preux, and a passive sense to it as a suffix in composition. Accordingly we have in Greek "pinetrees" (diXoSior), loving God," but " theophilus" (foócHAoc) loved by God." The usage of " phil " as a prefix in an active sense applied equally to compounds of proper names (and this is the case before us in " Turcophil") as in such terms as "children" {diXtAAi/»/), "philo barbarous" (¡¡¡tKoßnpßapoi:). Grote, the Greek historian, has followed out the same analogy, and adopted the same usage in his great history, when he writes, and correctly, "philo Athenian" and "philo Spartan." Looking to our own language, I may note that " phil Hellenic" has long been naturalized among us, though not so long as such terms as " philanthropic" and " philharmonic," and many others. Hitherto, then, our usage has been to make " phil " a prefix, according to the principles followed in the language from which it comes. On the ground, therefore 1 consistency, if on no higher ground, I venture to' suggest "Fhilo-Turk" instead of "Turcophil," and .'Philo-Russ," instead of "Russophil," as morocco' rect and more in harmony with established usages.' 