"Answers to CowespondeiitB, ßj» Correspondents will pl«ise take notice that no questions wai be answered unless tie sender gives als real name and address in foll-not for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith, and that he is a subscriber. Corresponden ts who wish their anesüoza promptly answered, should not include inquiries respecting two or mort subjects in one letter. Inattention to this rule is a fruitful cause of delay in answering. T X. (Darling Biver.>-The tank, with two road way i, contains exactly 12,500 cubic yards. We do not answer iinasti on» by post. H p. Makin-Your tank, 40 feet long, 20 feet wide, at top, 23 feet*long, 8 feet wide, at bottom, with side slopes 6 feet out from edge of tank, contains 13ô cubic yards 20 feet. Constant Header (Corowa.,)-Your tank, measuring 257 feet by 40 feet at top, 60 feet 6 inches by 15 feet at one end, 18 feet at the other, belo w, oontains 2244 cubic yards. ïrne Blue-In 10 square miles there are 6400 acres ; in a block 10 miles each way there are 64,000 acres. In five Moare mile* there are 3203 acres ; in a block fire miles each way there are 16,000 acres. jj. D. M.-We take your plan to mean that the roadway oceupiea one end of the tank, so that there are but two comers of the tank, and at the other end two triangular .lope* of the roadway. If so, there is nc omission of corners fa our reckoning. We have gone carefully over the calcula tíos again, and find the oontent of the tank and roadway to be 1837i cubic yards. If there are four oorners of the tank, and two triangular slopes of the roadway outside these, which does not seem at ali likely,-there are 2002 cubie yards. Owner asks-Is it the duty of the owner or of the district inspector to publish the brands and ear-marks of sheep in th* Government Gazette, how often to be published, what *ost, sad who bears the expense; or is it necessary to publish at allf-The inspector makes quarterly returns of brands and marks to head office, and they are published by the chief inspector In the Gazette. The cost of publication Is ls each, and owner pays when lodging his application. Sheep-owner says-I have a station 200 miles distant, and I wish to remove my sheep to that station. Will I have to pay the fines imposed by the 14th Section of the Sheep Act Amendment Act of 187S. supposing it to he in force in the district I start from ?-You get a permit to a destination without charge. If you return within four months you will require to tale out a renewed permit, and pay travelling charge. G. G. G. (Gordon Downs.)-We have pleasure in forward- ing the letter. Crookwell asks-A storekeeper has his verandah on the footpath of a main street. What redress have the public f The grievance arises through the want of a municipality in your town. The police should take action, by summoning the offending parties to the police-court, and they will ba compelled to remove the obstruction. Spéculation (Jamberoo) asks-How much galvanized iron would lt take for a building 55 feet long, 20 feet wide, door- way 3 feet, three windows on each side, 3 feet by 6. Th« walls 10 feet high, roof to be covered with iron, and sides and ends to be of iron, in place of weatherboards. Also, state prioe?-The quantity of iron required will be 30cwt.__Th> price of galvanized iron in Sydney is £25 los per ton..JHW J. 0. (Gosford.)-We cannot pronounce an opinion until wt see the papers. W. G. S. (Raymond Terrace) asks-Is there not some way of rendering bisulphide of carbon inodorous by treatment with copper, or by chemicals ?-No way of rendering Disul- phide of carbon inodorous without decomposing it. This question was, unfortunately, overlooked, or it would have been answered earlier. Portrait asks-A mau points to a portrait on the wall, and says, " Brothers and sisters I have none, but that man's father, pointing to the portrait, "is ray father's son." What relation is the speaker to the portrait ?-Answers requested. P. K. (Clyde-road, Currawang.)-Hr. Hurray, managing proprietor of the Collingwood Paper Hills, Lirerpool, has kindly informed us that the women employed in cutting rags are paid by the cwt. weekly. When at constant work for seven or eight hours, they earn from 15s to 16s per week. Steady, sober workers are required in the rag-shop at Liver pool. Britisher asks-Did the Australians beat two Elevens in ïorisàire, and if they did what were the names of the Serons ?-Ko. Ê Hongkong-You must cut it before this twelre months expire, or you will be liable to an action. W. W.-Find ont who has got the watch. When its return is refused soe the person in possession for it, or its Taine. W. P. 8. (Binalong) asks-Kow much is a 9-carat gold watehguard, of a good sample, worth ?-A 9-carat gold chain is worth £317s 6d per oz retail, J. G. (Kempsey.)-(1.) Yes, you caa stop the surveyor. He is a trespasser. (2.) A Government surveyor can mea- sure land in a private township. (3.) The agreement mada twenty years ago must be adhered to, O. W.-You are legally bound to pay all rent due up to the time of your leaving the house. J. H.-It is better to say " at a hotel " than "at an hotel," hut some good speakers use ths latter form of speech. E. O. ST.-If P does not like the work he can leave the employ. He can tell Ed what he knows about the way the farm ls managed, but must confine himself to the actual facto. W. H. (Attunga.)-Your first piece of land, with sides measuring 20 chains, 12 chains, 10 chains 20 links, and U chains 29 links, contains 16 acres 2 roods ; the second, measuring 12 chains, 19 chains, 7 chains 63 links, and 17 chains, contains 17 acres 3 roods. A, writing from Frogmoor, requests that we inform him who would be a competent person for him to employ to draw a plan of a building ?-Any architect. There are several in Sydney, and the naming of one is the exclusion of owen. P. M. asks-A person rents a farm and requisites thereon, dan the said requisites be removed by the owner without Sring due notice to the tenant ?-Not if the tenant leased e so-called requisites, nor if they are fixtures. If they are movable property, and not included in the lease, the landlord can remore them. J. G-. asks-I fenced in an allotment of land seven years ago. A person claimed the adjoining piece, and run his fence into my two corner posts. Gan I compel him to pay i for half of the fence. My fence was erected about five years before his P-You cannot now compel him to pay for the \- fence. You should have given him six months' notice before you put it up. W. B. (Jereelderie) asks-If a neram makes use of the blasphemous expression, "J-C--!" ina public street, within hearing, is not a policeman justified in locking him up?-Yes. X. Y. Z. asks-A gives B a cheque. B presents it to 0, a storekeeper, in payment for goods, and gets a receipt. Rome time after O presents the cheque at the bank, and it is dis- honoured. Does O lose by tbe transaction, or can he come on B for the money?-He can only sue A. 0\. P. (Burrowa) asks-I was appointed treasurer at a race meeting. One of the stewards asked me to take a note to the editor of a paper. The letter contained an account of the races to be advertised. At the bottom was written, " Please insert the above twice." I signed my name and secretary's name. I wish to know if I am compelled to pay for the advertisements ?-Yes. M. M. (West Kempsey) asks-3Iy son, who Is 17 years of age, on his own responsibility mada an engagement with a party and served five months, when a settlement was made, there being a contra account for rations. At the time of payment it was understood he was going to leave the colony. Two months after he left I was debited with a further claim on behalf of my son. Am I liable for same, and ought not all claims to have been adjusted at time of settlement?-We should say that the claim could be defeated, but cannot answer positively, as the circumstances presented by the other side might present an aspect sufficient to justify the claim. I Defendant asks-Being sued for a disputed debt to a Court ol Petty Sessions 24 miles from my residence, there being another duly constituted Court of Petty Sessions within a distance of nine miles of mv residence, am I lawfully bound to attend the Court 2* miles away. I sent a notice of my objection to the O.P.8., but he did not mention it to the Bench. A verdict was triven against me for the amount claimed. How am I to proceed in the matter, as the verdict waa unjust, also as I was not sued to nearest Court of Petty v?°B ^~^Qe Court had no jurisdiction, and you can get a prohibition restraining further proceedings. You must employ a solicitor. i J3"' ^' "ks-(10 Can an auctioneer legally claim com nuasion on the amount which was bid for property placed in Si5 °a?da for Bale, when said property was not sold, the price iL»«18 b?low 016 reserve put upon it ?-Mo. (2.) Can an auçuQQeer legally claim commission on the sale of property -z---? - ; T '.J-.-1- - - - - whichVajTfirstplkoed'In Ms ríanos faïâaJe, then wiüiara^ra from him, placed is the hands of another auctioneer, and sold P-Ufo. - Bridal writes-The railway survey from Wellington to Dubbo has a road or reserve on each side of the Intended line of fence for the railway, but has not vat Deea gazetted. I« the contractor justified in driving off the timber thus blocking up the said road, where the frontage is taken up and fenced, thereby making it almost impassable ?-The question is not explicit. None are allowed to obstruct the Queen's highway, as a public road is popularly called ; but if this proposed road is not used as a thoroughfare, and has not been gazetted as a public road, then it must be regarded as Crown lands. The contractor has power to enter on such lands, and even upon private lands, and cut away timber or j other material, not being further than 200 yards from either side of the proposed railway. Bee Section Si, Bail way Act. K. asks-What is the difference in cost of those tracks and carriages made in flagland for rail wars in Sew South Wales as compared with those made in the colony, taking into account freights, exchange, commission, and other incidental .^sntuS_111 rmnVe fvn TT-i a ÍTAC frtr rAÏlsrav TïiirnoSôS ELTQ now made in the colony, except specimens which may be imported as patterns or models. Tenders for the construc- tion of 300 D trucks are at this moment under consideration. Tour other query on the subject of locomotives was answered at some length in our last issue. Marengo asks-Which are the easiest and best works on the following subjects for self-instruction for a beginner grammar, algebra, and geometry?-Lennie's Grammar, ls 6d ; Todhunter's Algebra, 2s 64; and Potts' edition Geometry, price 4s 6d. To be had of all booksellers whose advertisements appear on another page. B.. A. D. (Dolley Blue) asks where such plays as "Taming a Tiger," *' The Ghost in the Pawn-shop," and '* Turn Him ¡ Out" can be had, and what would the price of each be ?-At Mr. Kirby's shop, 230, Pitt-street, Sydney. The price for each, including postage, ls. Cadia asks-What steps will I take against a person to bring the most expenses on them for wringing my child's ears, and using threats against another, and what is the penalty ?-You can prosecute the offender for an assault, or you can sue him in the Court of Petty Sessions, but the damages would be trifling. We cannot say what amount would be awarded. It is in the discretion of the magistrates. Miner asks-Dan you inform me if I can put two children in any of the institutions in Sydney that will take care of them, and tell me which is the best, and what I will hare to pay for them. I cannot look after them myself just yet. One is nineteen months old. the other three years and seven months ?-If a widower without sufficient means the chil- dren are eligible for Bandwick, but should pass through the Benevolent Asylum. Apply to the Secretary, Benevolent Asylum, Sydney. There are children in Bandwick whose parents contribute towards their support. H. 0. writes-I shall feel obliged by your informing me where Berthon's collapsable boats are to be purchased in England, and the price there?-Dingies 3 feet by 3 feet 6 open, 5} inches deep, £10 10s ; larger size, £12 12s. Fishing or shooting boats, with sculls, ¿c., complete, 7 feet by 3 feet 6, £8 ; 9 feet by 4 feet 4, £12 ; very fast skiffs. 9 feet in length, £9. Boats can be seen and purchased in London at Messrs. J. 0. Oording and Co., 19, Piccadilly ; Bdmiston and Son, 14, Oockcpur-street; Bowness and Bowness, 230, Strand ; in Portsmouth of Major Colwell, High-street, Portsmouth ; and at the Company's Woiks, Bomsey, Hants. H. 0. (Germanton) asks-<1.) Is there any duty on iron wire in this colony ?-Tes. Twenty shillings per ton is levied through the Custom House. (2.) Whatis the railway charge per ton from Sydney to Junee for fencing wire, and the probable price when the railway gets to Wagga Wagga for the same ?-The charge from Sydney to Junee on fencing wire is £4 Os ld per ton. When the line is opened for trafile to North Vragga Wagga, on the 7th September, the charge for wire per ton to thence will be £4 3s 3d. J. P. J. W.-Your specimen consists of auriferous iron pyrites. P. G. (Carr's Creek.)-Iron pyrites in slate. V. Ii. H. (Bingera.)-Cairngorm. Fine specimens have some value. G. B. (Hangln« Bock.)-STour plant is Minuarla lepto pbylla. H. O. (Shoalhaven) asks-What grass is the bast to sow on heavy clay land in this district, and what quantity per acre ?-Bye-grass and cocksfoot, two bushels each, and prairie grass ono bushel. Clover and couch will come by natural means in your distriet. th enif ore need not be sown. Fret Baw (Narandera) desires to know where he can buy the common hand fret-saw fiâmes, and price ?-At the iron- mongers whose advertisements appear in another column. The ordinary fret-saw, with hand, can be purchased for 2s 3d. A Buhl saw-frame, only for tortoiseshell or fret, can be purchased at from 7s to 10s ; blades for same, Sd per dozen. Ii. J. B. (Cobar) asks-Would you kindly inform me the best way to find out the whereabouts of a'brother of mine, last heard of at Waiau, province of Otago, New Zealand ? Put a short advertisement in this journal, which circulates largely in Kew Zealand and throughout Australia. J. P. (Cobar) asks-What age was Sadler when he pulled Trickett for the championship of the world, and what age was Trickett at the same time ?-Sadler was S6 years, and j I Triokett ketween 24 and 25 years of age. S. (Little Plain) asks-A and B have selections adjoining. A is erecting a boundary fence. Can A go on to B's land, i and fall timber sufficient to erect half the fence ?-Ho. L. E. E.-George Robertson, Pitt-street; Turner and Henderson, Hunter-street ; or Wm. Maddock, George-street, are all publishers. We would not advise you to risk money, except vou are assured by competent authorities that it would pay. B. 8. (Yetholme) asks-(1.) What time it takes mall steamer to make the passage from Point de Gaile to Sling George's Sound P-13 days allowed. It has been done in 12 days. (2.) Time from thence to Melbourne?-S days allowed. It has been done in 5 days. (3.) Time from thence to Sydney ?-Usually from 60 to 70 hours. Sterling asks-Will you be so kind ai to decide a wager through your valuable paper between A and B. A bets B that the Chimbo razo ran on the rocks or reef in Sew South Wales ; B says not. Which Is right, A or B ?-A wins. B. B. desires to know where Dr. Hoi ex's books can be obtained ?-At Mr. Skinner's, 65, Market-street, Sydney ; ¡ price, 7s 6d each, with 9d for postage to the interior. Diver (Oberon) requests information how to save the skin j of the watermole, also if the skins are saleable in Sydney ? If you desire to dispose of them at once, all they require is a little salt and alum mixed to be sprinkled over them as soon as they are pegged out. Purchasers can be obtained in Sydney ready to pay you from ISs to 36s per dozen skins wholesale. These would prefer to cure the skins themselves, i E. F. (Nundle) asks-A neighbour of mine hos a pre-lease I of 200 acres, rent paid for the year 1878. He wishes to know if he is allowed to cultivate a portion of it ?-Yes. W. D. (Murrumburrah.)-A piece of land 8 chains 12 feet long, and 3 chains 12 feet wide, contains 2 acres 2 roods 16 poles. Merry Yale asks-(1.) I lay information under Crown Lands Act, and pay £10. Will my name be kept s ac ret from ¡ the public ?-No. (2.) Should I lay an information, and get an appraiser to inspect the selection, and prove the case j I myself, need I pay anything?-You need not pay anything, j but the Minister for Lands would not be satisfied with your ! pjoof. He would insist on an inquiry by a Government officer. j Y. (Bathurst) asks-Can a person leave his selection for I three months, having previously resided on it for twelve months, without cancelling his selection ?-He must not abandon his selection for three years. He might leave on business for a period, but it must be berna fide his residence. O. W. asks-The receiving box at a country post-office (kept as a store) is so small that frequently it is full right up I to the top, so that any one so disposed could easily take I letters therefrom. Can any person whose letters have to pass ! through this office claim a remedy ; if so, how?-The proper : method of securing a remedy is to represent the facts to tba Postmaster-General, who will, of course, see that the public interest is properly protected. It is almost impossible to get compensation from postmasters for any losses sustained by their carelessness. Nobby (Newcastle) asks-A purchased a piece of land from B for £100. He obtained the money from D by giving a post dated cheque, payable in one month. Meanwhile A got the deeds, and by deed of gift made over the land to his son, and raised money on the property. The post dated cheque was dishonoured. Has D any remedy criminally against A ? No. H. R. (Braidwood District) asks-I am a licensed hawser. Ii it compulsory on me to have my name painted on my conveyances, or is a card with the name, «fcc, written thereon sufficient. I wai fined the other day here for not having name printed, through a sneaking, meddling busvbody in the polios force, who seems to take a delight in inflicting petty annoyances and causing delay to travellers to this township. Is such a fine legal?-A card printed in large legible letters would be sufficient. The Inspector-General deprecates in all cases efficlousnesa on the part of the men under his command. The police should have warned you first. W. 0. (Vegetable Creek) asks-My father died about three months ago tn Sydney, So had some money in the bank, . 7~-- ä. :..__-:-"-7-, and' also' some property. ' Gould jou inform me di whom I should inquire, or is there any person in Sydney appointed1 by Government that I could write to, «ho would inf erm me if my father has made a will or not, and how much would it cost ma to employ a parson to find it out ?-Enclose ls for search to Ur. Lander, Curator of Wills, Becistrar-General's Office, Sydney, and yeu will be informed if your father has made a will or not. Goulburn asks-Some time aga I selected 640 acres on a charted creek; the creek ls usually dry, but a permanent spring exists under the bank on my side of the creek ; the land on the other side opposite to me is the property of a cattle- owner. Can I legally prevent his cattle from narine access to the spring f-It is questionable whether you would be entitled to the exclusive use of a spring in the bed of a creek. ff. P. E. asks-W selects 40 acres of land behind B, B hav- ing frontage to the river. There is a watercourse running through B's freehold. Can B block the watercourse up, and stop the water back on W, there being no other way for the water to getaway ?-B may not stop or divert the water- course to the prejudice of W, who, if injured by such action on the part of B, would have remedy at law. J. S. asks-Can & squatter compel parties using roads sur- veyed, or not surveyed, passing through his leased land, to close ¿ates erected thereon ; and does he require any licence to erect such gates ?-If the gates have been erected bv per- mission under the Public Gates Act. vou can be compelled to close them. . " Beta writes :-I hare selected 500 acres adjoining- a reserve. Tlie side of the reserve adjacent to me tends NYE. and S. W. The surveyor has run three sides of my selection towards the cardinal points, thus the form of my ground is an irregular quadrilateral. This is most inconvenient to me. Can I pro tost against it and have the ground re-surveyed, with my boundary lines at right- angles to each other, thus enclosing a rectangular quadrilateral?-The surveyor appears to have acted correctly, but if you consider you can snow sufficient cause to the contrary, write to the Minister for Lands. Q. Y. asks-Is a surveyor bound to leave a road between two selections of separate parties ?-Surveyors are directed to reserve roads where necessary for public convenience and future settlement of adjacent lands. Map asks-Can I get a map of the following parishes: CuUingar, Cooney, and Beggan Beggan?-A lithograph of the County of Harden (not charted up to date) may be ob- ; tained at the Surveyor-General's Office, Sydney, price 5s. A plan of the parishes, or a county map with the parishes re- ' ferred to, charted up, may be obtained on application to one of the contract draftsmen at the same office ; price as per agreement. B. B. asks-Can a person take up a pre-emptive right on an auction lease while there is plenty of Government land adjoining his freehold ?-Yes ; if the purchase comes within the auction lease. J. J., Nowra.-The gross tonnage of a sailing vessel of the dimensions you give, of the usual build, would be about JO tons, and if a screw steamer, about 4S tons. J. G. L. asks-What became of Haydon, charged with sheep-stealing Tat Tamworth, two years ago?-Haydon was j found guilty and sentenced to three years in Darlinghurst I Gaol. The other two were discharged; there is no neces- sity to mention their names. E. J. B. (Milbume Creek) asks-Oan you inform me who was the inventor of the Darling sewing machine ?-Messrs. Whight and Mann, London. They are sold by Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, Sydney. J. M. (Oamaru, N.Z.) desires to know " if there is any place in Sydney or Melbourne where veneers are cut, and the address P-In Sydney there is no such place ; in Melbourne, at the establishment of Mr. Alcock, the billiard-table manu facturer. Lemon.-The recipes will appear next week. Novice asks-Which is the proper way to put on corru- gated galvanised iron for roofing-with the edge of the side of the upper sheet turned up or down ?-The proper way is to place the corrugations so that the edge overlays the corrugations of the next sheet ; or, as you say, " down." Unicycle desires to know if there is such a thing as a veloci- pede with one wheel ?-No. L. L., Ashfield.-All anniversary celebrations should be held on the date; or, if from any cause, as, for instance. Sun- day, prevented them, the celebration should be held imme- diately subsequent or precedent to the date of the occasion. Upper Hurray asks-(1) Which is the best soap to use for the skin, to keep it soft, white, and clear. I have been using Fuller's-earth soap and common yallow soap P-Pear's transparent glycerine soap is the best for rendering the skin clear and soft. (2) Are there any means to promote growth, either internal or external ? None beyond the ordinary exercise and care of the body. (3) Will a married woman, only sixteen years of age and having one child. grow any more ?-Yes ; probably until she is twenty-one years of age. A. H. (Gladstone, Queensland) asks-Can you tell me of a positive cure for "prickly heat?" I have tried Fullerton's remedy without success ?-Try milk of sulphur and cream of tartar In equal proportions in milk. Take a teaspoonful every morning. BI asks-What is the [amount per head of general taxa- tion in the colony of New South Wales ?-In the ordinary acceptation of the term " general taxation," according to the statistics for 1S76, the taxation per head, averaged, was ¿1 17s 7d. But it must be borne in mind that those who do not consume ardent spirits are not taxed under that heading. A distinction should be recognised between this voluntary taxation and the compulsory which is exacted, viz., duty on tea, sugar, and other common necessaries of life. J. B. S. asks-A man bought by auction from the Crown a piece of land, lived on it over three years, and sold it to me. I wish to know if I could select adjoining my purchase, without requiring to live on either my purchase or selection that I may make ?-Residence for three years ia required on the selection, unless the purchaser should have resided, at the date of his application, for the above-mentioned period on his freehold. Farmer writes-I want to select 640 acres, the full extent j allowed by the Amended Land Act of 1675; the land I re- ! quire is on the roadside. I find there is only about 400 acres on the one side of the road available. Gan I cross over the j road to take the difference, namely, 240 acres, and select the whole as one block P-Yes, according to the practice of the Lands Department, if the area required cannot otherwise be .btained. Selector asks-Am I compelled by the Lands Act Amend- ment Act of 1S75 to attend at the lands office of the district I am living in for the purpose of alienating my conditional purchase, or can the same be declared before a magistrate, and notification of such alienation be forwarded to Grown land agent?-The usual notification of alienation, on the prescribed printed form, can be sent through the post to the land agent. Y. O. H. asks-I selected two portions of land, 50 acres and 45 acres. About fourteen years ago I applied for my pre- lease on the eastern boundary of the 45-acre portion, and it was granted ; but since that time three 40-acre portions have been selected out of my pre-lease. Gan I take my p re-lease on the northern boundary of my 45-acre portion, the same being Crown lands. If so, where shall I have to apply ?-No. The lease cannot be made up to its original area, if any part of it has been alienated. \- Pro Bono Publico asks-{1) Hare district hospital com- mittees the power or right to exclude newspaper reporters from monthly or quarterly meetings called byjadvertisement and holden in the hospital board-room ?-We have never heard of such a thing. Hospital committees should not lose sight of the fact-and in justice to these gentlemen they rarely do-that they are not dealing with their own but with public money, and that therefore their actions should be open as daylight. Should there be an exception to the rule, and any committee persist in the practice, and in the event of the funds of the hospital being subsidised by the Government, then the editor of the journal whose representa- tive was so denied admittance, may apply to the Colonial Beeretary, and an order from that gentleman might have the desired effect. (2) In the event of reporters present being ordered to leave such board-room or meeting, and refusing to do so, would a forcible ejectment be an assault or something more?-No; they would be justified in using all necessary force. Gundaroo asks-Q) How are trustees for town commons appointed ? (2) How long do such trustees remain in office ? (3) In cases of death, resignation, &c;" how aro vacancies filled? (4) Are trustees supposed to furnish vouchers to Government for votes of Parliament expended, and are they prohibited from contracting for work to be done or material to be supplied such recreation frrounds?-(I) The Commons Regulation Act (36 Vic. No. 23), assented to 25th April, 1873, enact« that trustees shall be elected by the commoners, or in default of election may be nomi- nated by the Governor with the advice of the Executive Council. (2) Three years; the first election was in January, 1ST4, th« last was in January of the current year, and the trustees remain in office until January, 1SS0. (3 ) By a special meeting of the commoners, or in default by the Governor as above stated. (4) Trustees shall publish at some time in the month of January of each year the receipts and expenditure of the financial year in the Government Garetie and in some local paper, if any be published in the district. Fees go to improvement and (management of commons, The Act is Glenton the "robjeetortrosiees be» tor the I work, bat we think it very objectionable. kerosene.-The oil is tested by trying the temperature to I which it can be heated without exploding. Yon had better have recourse to the assistance of a chemist if you are anxious to accurately ascertain this. A simple plan, however, is to Alla small «ask made air-tight and place it in the sun on some of our hottest summer days in a confined and sheltered place where the sun has full power to shine, say from ll a.m. to 3 p.m. If it explodes, it is unsafe to me la a lamp, and vice versa. Colonist writes-Can you give the names of the Boyal Commission appointed in Kew Zealand some years ago* to inquire and report upon the working and discipline of prisons, Sx., in that colony, with the profession or calling of each member of such commission ?-This commission was appointed by his Excellency Sir George Grey on the 29th November, 1867, and was composed of the following mem- bers ;-His Honor Alex. J. Johnson, Judge of the Supreme Court ; his Honor Christopher Wm. Bichmond, Judge of the Supreme Court; theJHon, Ponsonby Peacocke. member ot the legislative Council; Charles Edward Haughton, Esq.. member of the House of Representatives ; and James rvveiii Pm member of the House of Representatives. «i.u-. iiangmangrooj as KS-uan you or any of your cor- respondents give a good recipe for making cherry wine? -Steep ripe cherries in strong spirits for any length of time, even months. The fruit should ba hruised, and the spirits may be strained off, and fresh fruit placed in it several times. The spirits can then be bottled, and used for flavouring any desired wine. This is the best way to make what is caHed cherry wine. If you wish to ra ate wine from the fruit, it must be made with water and sugar boiled and fermented in the same way as mulberry and other wines usually termed " British"* wines. The first is, however, the best, and the quality will depend upon that of the wines used. Such wines as sherry and madeira are the most suitable. B. B. asks-What is the best way to utilise the resin exuding from pine trees and going to waste ?-Pine trees are not sufficiently abundant at present to make it worth while to collect or utilise the resin with a view to profit. The cost of collecting a hundredweight here would be perhaps fifty times as much as the same would cost in northern Europe or America. You do not say what pine, so we sup- pose you have no idea of its having special properties. Binalong asks-(1) Can you tell by what means freckles can be removed from the face ?-Salamoniac 1 drachm, pure water 1 pint, lavender water Joz. Mix and apply to the freckles with the finger night and morning until the object is accom- plished. (2) How to remove redness of the nose ?-Before any advice can be of service the cause must be ascertained. Atten- tion to health, diet, and the state of the digestive organs, will generally suffice; but if the redness is constitutional it had better be put up with : by trying to remedy it you may destroyyour health. (3) My daughter, between ls and 19 yearscf age. has lefther home (eloped?) and gone to service; pan T minnel her to return ?-Yes. Poplar Grove asks-I saw in your Scientific Notes of the 1st June, a description of a sewing machine that had recently : been constructed, which does not require the person working at it to submit to the unpleasant and unhealthy necessity of I constant bodily exertion,' and which is wound up with a handle. I wish to know if the machine is to be obtained in Australia, and where and what price?-It is not yet obtain- able in Australia. Write to some of the large sewing machine importers in Sydney, and they will get some. J. AI. asks-Are any watches imported into Sydney from America which do not bear the name of the maker or makers ?-Yes; but generally of an inferior description. J. A.-(1) We regret to say that your complaint about blights and their increasing prevalence is but too true. The oidium has been successfully combatted by the use of the sulphur bellows; the apple blight by growing blight proof sorts, or using these for stocks and dressing the tree above ground with insecticides ; the peach aphis by growing to- matoes and training them on the trees, but this is not well established. The opinion of our most thoughtful friends is that rust, aphis, oidium, and blights 'of such character will eventually either disappear or become less preva- lent after a time. We have published descriptions and illustrations of the most popular and best fruit-drying ap- parat us in use in California and other American states. Plans and all particulars were forwarded to the Government by Mr. Augustus Morris, the commissioner to the Centennial Exhi- bition at Philadelphia. We do not think there are any in use in Sydney. Your best plan would be to apply to an agent, and get the apparatus from California. (2) We have nothing to do with the advertisement younientlon, bnthaveno doubt that what is set forth in it is genuine. It explains all you wish tn know. A Constant Subscriber (Trial Bay) desires to know-What was tile sentence passed on the Tichborne claimant ?-On the 2Sth February, 1S74, Thomas Castro, otherwise called Arthur Orton, otherwise called Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne» Baronet, was found guilty of perjury on the first count of an indictment, and was sentenced to «eren years' penal servitude. On the second count of the indictment he was also found guilty of perjury, and sentenced to a further term of seven years' penal servitude; the second term to commence immediately upon the expiration of the first seven years. (2.) What sentences were passed upon the perjurers Brown and Jean Luie, witnesses of the claimant?-On the9th April, 1S74, Jean Luie was arraigned at the Central Criminal Court, before Mr. Justice Brett, on a charge of perjury, and also for bigamy. He was sentenced to seren years.üpenal servitude. Brown was also convicted of perjury, and sentenced on the same day to five years' penal servitude. H. W.-Since tho receipt we gave last week, we have received from " Eloisa " the following note :-*' In your issu of July 20,1 notice among ' Household Recipes ' a plan to ex- tract foreign substances from the nose. I think I know a better plan. I was ca lled in to look at a neighbour's child on two occaslont. Once the child had a large glass bugle bead, and on the other half of a large pumpkin-seed up the nostril. When I arrived, in both cases, the efforts of the parents to gef it down had only sent the substance up further, and from some cause blood waa flowing from the nostril. I asked them to let him alone for a few moments, as the child was tired out. I then pressed a pocket-handkerchief on one nostril, and told bim to blow hard. I then pressed the side that had not tile bead or pumpkin-seed in it. In both coses it flew out, much to the joy and relief of himself and parents. In case the child is toe young to blow, if a little snuff or pepper were administered, and then, just as the child is about to sneeze, to take the proper moment, and stop the empty nostril, and send all the force through the other. It mav have the desired effect.' W. G. (Hay>-In answer to this, and numerous other cor« respondents who were guided by the official decision we pub- lished to the effect that additional conditional purchases may be made on any week day beside Thursday, we beg to say that the matter was referred to the Attorney-General, who, after careful consideration, care it as his opinion that the matter was open to doubt, and to set the question at rest he urged that a new regulation should be made. Therefore, Mr. A. O. Moriarty, Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands, will issue the following notice:-"Department|of Lands, Conditional Bales Branch, Sydney, 31st May. 1878. 8ir, Some misapprehension having arisen as to theadmissability of applications for additional conditional purchases, if ten- dered on any other than a * Land Office Day,' I am directed by the Minister to inform you that the law clearly indicates that all conditional purchases must be tendered on a ' Land Office Day,' anet the * Land Office Day* appointed by the regulations is Thursday in each week. I have the honour to be. Sir, your most obedient servant, A. O. MORULBTY, Chief Commissioner. The Crown Lands A trent." Farmer, near Molong, asks-(1) What are jerusalem arti- chokes; where can the seed be obtained; and how are they cultivated ?-The jerusalem artichoke is a tuberous-rooted sunflower, cultivated and used just as potatoes are ; the name '* jerusalem " is a mere corruption of the Italian word for " sunflower" (girasol) ; so " sunflower artichoke" would be the more correct name, or, botanically, hdianthvs tuberosus. The tubers, for seed, as potatoes, can be obtained, from any of the seedsmen or nurserymen adver- tising in our paper. (2) What breed of pigs is the most profitable?-Improved Berkshires, but there are opposite opinions as to which is best. We give ours, and leave you to inquire further. (3) Which is the cheapest and best food to grow pigs?-A well- managed dairy herd provides the cheapest and best paying food for pigs, and in your dis- trict you should grow for the purpose of both. Clover, lucerne, beans, maize, mangels. Cape barley, sorghum, vetches, sunflowers, artichokes, and, perhaps, parsnips, carrots, swedes, and variegated thistle, as a stand-by foe drought. For pigs alone weknow of nothing better than maize, mangles, and clover, each managed so that the pigs harvest for themselves. (4) Which is the best and quickest growing crop for green summer fodder?-Buckwheat 1st; 2nd, maize ; 3rd, sorghum or Egyptian millet ; 4th, variegated thistle, the former must have a fair amount of moisture, the latter is only mentioned as a resource for dry seasons. (5) Can peaches be propagated by cuttings, and, if so, do they require grafting ? They can be, but it is so uncertain that it Is never had recourse to. Of course, if the plants were raised from cuttings of the variety wanted, grafting would, be quito unnecessary, J Carbon asks -In the «rent of a person becoming insolvent, whose life is insured In the Mutual Provident Society, does the law of this colony prevent his creditors from interfering with his policy-or is the latter disposed of for their benefit P-The Mutual Provi- dent Society's Act of Incorporation provides that its policies *' shall be exempt from llabllty to any law now or hereafter In force relating to bankruptcy or insolvenov, or to he seized or levied upsn by the proceeds of any court what- ever," on the condition, however, that a policy two years in force will bu protected to the extent of £200 ; five years, £500 ; seven years, £1000 ; ten years, £2000; Within these restrictions, therefore, the law of the colony cannot interfere with the policy of an insolvent member. P. D. (Bogan) asks-What ls the price of roller skates In Sydney? (2) and In what year were they invented P-(1) The price varies from 2ös to 60s per pair ; the carriage would be about 6s, obtainable at the ironmongers whose advertisements appear in another column. (2) Tho first mention of roller s kates was in the year 1819. The inventor was a M. Patlbled, and tho place Paris. They were used on the Boulevards and in the public gardens for a short time with some success, but the amusement soon died out in consequence, most likely, of the great exertion required to move the three little brass wheels on which they rm. Although it is generally supposed that roller skates were first used on the stage in Meyerbeer's opera, that is not the case, for before that timo a dancer named Dumas and his wife had introduced th;m on the boards of the Porte St. Martin Theatre, in Paris. This was tho pre- lude to their well-known introduction in 1819 in the ballet in the third aofc of "Lo Prophète," which created so great an Interest from the novelty and elegance of tho skating scene. Adobe (Grenfell) asks-Howare "adobe" floors, ns used by Mexicans, for drying raisins, made?-They aro merely earthemJfloorB, prepared by tempering ns for sun-dried bricks. No general rule can be laid down for the purpose, as much depends upon the nature of the clay or earth on your loca- tion. Experience must teach what tempering is necessary for each locality. The processes are wet or dry consolidation, in order to secure solidity and freedom from dust. Cattle droppings are sometimes mixed with the clay to aid in com- pacting the mass; so also is chopped straw. Wewillcom r>lv with vour rennest in an rcirlv 1«HIIB Unfortunate (Goulburn) desires to know tho significance of the aphorism-" There is a skeleton ia every house P"-The story goes that a woman had an only son, who obtained an appointment in the East India Company's service; his health failed, and his motlier longed for his return. On one occa- sion, in reply to her solicitations, he wrote-" Dear mother, do get someone who has neither cares nor troubles to maire me six shirts." Tho widow hunted unsuccessfully for such a person, and In tho course of her search she was told by a lady to accompany her to her bedroom. On entering the chamber she opened a closet which contained a human skeleton. " Madam,'said the lady, " I try to keep my sor- rows to myself-every night my husband compels me to kiss that skeleton." She then explained to the widow, that the skeleton was onco her husband's rival, who was killed in a duel, and exclaimed, " Think youl am happy P"The mother wrote to her son, and he replied, " I knew when I gave the commission that every one liad cares, and you, mother, must have yours. Know then that I am condemned to death and can never return to England. Mother, mother, there is a skeleton in every house." Homo asks-Must not the assets of a person who has filed hlsopetition in insolvent oourt first satisfy the wages claims of servants? If so, and the liabilities are much greater than those contracted to servants, and the assets but sufficient to satisfy the claims for wages, what course of procedure should be adopted by servants to prevent other creditors from seizing and reulisüig the assets P-Servants, «fcc., are entitled to six months' vruges in full, to be paid prior to ordinary dobts. If the estate is sequestrated tho official assignee is bound to see that tho servants be paid first.-Has tho person (whose name I enclose) filed nis schedule or made a compromise with his creditors ?-He has not filed Iiis snlwlnlA. Ngatlkurupakiakni asks-A hires B to drive cattle from New Bouta Wales into Victoria at the rate of £210s per week. B drives the cattle across the border without obtaining1 the inspector's certificate. The cattle are quarantined, B is -arrested and imprisoned. Can B sue A for the week ho was Imprisoned, and is A obliged to pay him P-If through B's carelessness the permit was not obtained he could not claim his wage« for the week. Murrumbidgee asks-Can you inform me whether any evil effects are likely to arise, either to adults or children, from sleeping in an apartment built of stone, plastered, celled, and the walls papered; and,if so, does it make any difference what kind of paper is used P-No, if the apartment is perfectly dry. Any paper will do, though it would be as .well to avoid green coloured. ? W. A.-The number of bricks would be 60,000. 9£ rods of li bricks, 5 rods of 1 brick. The openings are included in the measurement, £4 per rod for labour only. The quantity it would take of lime, 300 bushels. The lime is mixed with .sand in the proportions of one part of lime to two of sand. \- There would be 900 yards of plastering in tho building, in- cluding the store; for plastering the same proportion of sand and lime os above, except the last c»at, which must be pure . lime. The price in Sydney for plastering is, with materials, 2s per yard ; but for labour only, ls per yard. J, E. aBks-Please supply a recipe to clean black cloth P If .black, blue, or brown, dry two ounces of fuller's earth, pouron itsufñolent boiling water to dissolve it, andplasterthe spots of grease with.it ; mix a pennyworth of bullock's gall with halt a pint of chamber-lye and a little boiling water. Brush the spotted places with a hard brush dipped in this ¡ liquor, then immerse the article in a buoket of cold spring, water. When nearly dry. lay the nap In its right position, and pass a drop of oil of olives over the brush to finish it. W. 8. (Hill End) asks-Please state the best method of cleaning white straw hats?-To bleach hats, wash them In' pure water, scrubbing them with a brush ; then put them into a box in which has been set a saucer of burning sulphur. Cover them up, so that the fumes may bleach them. To clean them, they mav bo washed with soap and water, rinsed in olear water, and dried in the air. Then wash them over with white of egg well beaten. Remove the wire before washing. Old straw bonnets may be picked to pieces, and put together for children, the head part being cut out. J. M. (Rankins Springs.)-(1.) Yes. (2.) Sydney Infix mary. Indigestion-Ia answer to I. B. G., who asked last week for a cure for indigestion, we have received a number of letters offering " certain " cures. E. B., a clergyman's sister, says she suffered for many year's from indigestion. She left off taking tea, and draak only cold water. For two years she has been entirely free from this troublesome complaint. The benefits she received induced the other members of her family to follow her example, with like beneficial results. She old remedy of taking rhubarb is suggested by Annie. A Goulburn Resident says that a thorough mastication of food, taken in very moderate quantities, will afford relief. S.T. endoses a slip of paper containing a cure. It is constantly nibbling at a dry biscuit when indigestion is threatened. We may add that there is an excellent little work just published, entitled " Indigestion and Diet," by Dr. Dewar, It may be ordered through any Sydney bookseller whose advertisements appear in our columns. T. M. (Narandera) asks how to make French polish,' its ingredients and proportionate parts ?-1 pint of spirits of wine, ¿oz of gum copal, |oz of gum arabic, and loz of shellac. " Bruise the gums and sift them through a piece of muslin. Place the spirits and the gums together in a vessel closely corked, place them neara warm stove, and frequently shake them; in two or three days they will be dissolved. Strain through a piece of muslin, and keep it corked tight. (2.) Is there a work on French polishing, and if so who is the pub- lisher, and what is the price t-The French Polisher's Manual, to be had by post for ls 3d at Mr. George Robertson's, 125, Pitt-street, Sydney. Mr. Edward Combes, M.P., Executive Com- missioner for Hew South Wales at the Paris Exhi- bition, writing- to the Colonial Secretary on the 7th June, Bays that the arrangements in connection with the New South Wales Court are completed, except as regards the trophy, the erection of which was under- taken by the "Royal British Commission. The delay was caused hythe Exhibition building itself not being finished. Mr. Combes considers that the com- mission made a mistake in not sending their cata- logues by the San Francisco mail. The Prince of j WaleB has appointed him a juror. He adds that the < International Exhibition proposed to be held inSydney in 1879 is attracting attention in Paris. ' ' It would be 1 a most important event," he says, "in our country's history, and we should make it a great Buccess." He urges the appointment of a commission to act in j Paris, and says it appears to him that, having sane- ' tioned the exhibition, the Government Bhould carry Í it through in Buch a manner as would redound to the i credit of the country. I 