TO BE LET OR SOLD. About ten or twelve years ago a young officer, with whom I was well acquainted, re turned, in delicate health, from India, bringing home a wife and four little child ren. His first object was to establish himself, if possible, ia business in London ; and possess '?6 wj Bicuun |fiiti*i-3 ujcouS) uic |viua|n^/ii was, as may well be imagined, a sufficiently anxious ore for him and his wife. They were greatly relieved, therefore, when, after a long search for a suitable house, Captain Jervis (so my fiiend was named), came upon one which had been for some time vacant, though situated in a good thoroughfare be tween Oxford street and West-end squares. It was a dingy, roomy old house, with rusty railings and small- paned windows, hut per fectly respectable, and capable of being brightened up with' new paint and paper to a considerable extent ; the rent was remarkably low for the term of years, and Captain Jervis gladly closed at once with the lawyer in whose hands it had been placed. JViihin the shortest possible time the need ful repairs were made, and Mrs. Jervis found herself once more the mistress of a home in which her children had plenty of room to run about. She was so particularly pleased with the nurseries, which were divided from each other by a broad oaken passage, at the end of which, fixed to the wall, was a strong closet, with an iron door of ancient date. io which no key could either be J-- und or fitted. « Never miud, George,' aha cried to hut husband as be was -»r»min ing it. ' If it w« down-stain in your study it would look like a skeleton cupboard, and X should *be frightened out of my wits lest the children should open it and find something ghastly inside; but here we don't want a key, it will do very well for Sophie's purposes, ladle hats, and coats, and boots can all be put away in it, as you know there certainly is a deficiency of furni ture for these rooms.' ' It shall be made up in time, Mary,' an swered her husband, cheerfully, «We are beginning much more advantageously than I had expected would have been possible, and we shall do very well in the coarse of a year or so.' 'It is not what can be called a cheerful street, George. I see a bookseller's and a good-looking music shop opposite; and the sun, surly as it is, shines on the windows, and shows the books, and the fiddles, and the pianos; that is some comfort. Bat, other wise, the houses de look very old end dingy, as if they had been built after the great fire of London.' ' That I am sure they were not,' replied Captain Jervis; ' and not for a great many years after the fire was forgotten. Things are soon forgotten in London, however — that I most admit.' The Jervis establishment consisted only of Sophie, a stout Swiss nurse, with an imper turbably good-natured face, who spoke En glish more fluently than her mistress quite approved ofj and a cook, whose work was by no means confined to the lower regions. The rocking-chair and the baby's cradle were soon established in one of the two nur series, and a row of little beds in the other. The study and the dining-room were made tolerably comfortable, and the big drawing room, with its handsome cornice and carved mantelpiece, received two or three pieces of Indian furniture, and was then left to be finished in better days. Several months passed quietly away, when, one winter's even ing, as Sophie sat by the firelight, with the baby-boy asleep on her knee, and Lottie, the eldest little girl, standing beside her to have her hair brushed, she saw die child's face grow pale, and her eyes dilate with terror, as sbe seemed to gaze on some object behind the rocking-chair. ' Sophie ! ' she cried, under her breath, as if horror-struck; ' who is that looking at bafey?' 'With that,' related Sophie, 'I turned only a little towards the fire, and, between me and the wall, stood a small figure in a rei chintz gown, with a high white cap, and gray hair turned up under it. Her eyes were fixed upon the baby, and I felt him shudder on iny knee, but he never woke. She turned them full on me with an angry look, as if she were going to ask me a question. If I had had courage to speak, I am sore she would have answered; bat no, ma'am, I had not the courage. In a moment the figure was gone. Neither I nor Miss Tottie saw it go, but it was not then any longer.' Captain Jervis laughed when he heard the story, and declared Annette must be thinking of some German legend she had told to the children, and that it was all her own imagi nation. She was strictly cautioned never to llude to the subject again, and little Tottie seemed to forget all about it wonderfully soon. ' We saw no more,' continued Sophie to me, ' but from that time, when the children were asleep, and sometimes even early in the day with both doors open into the passage. I used to hear steps and voices there as plain as possible. They were always the same — the steps of two men and those of a child, a little boy, who played at ball up and down the passage, and in the day nursery. Some times the ball seemed to bound against the door of the strong closet, and then there would be moans and voicejfnside it, but there never was anything to bercen.' One afternoon, during the following spring, Mre. Jervis, who had had her children out for a walk with Sophie, was working by the dining-room window. She happened to recol lect a letter that ought to have been posted, and, after sending the cook out with it, she returned to the window, but what was her surprise at seeing that someone was watching her movements through the half -open door ? She instantly went to see who it could pos sibly be, and perceived through the increasing shadows a small female figure, who, as if she knew the way perfectly well, was already running up the stone stairs, leaving no echo of her steps behind her, nor taking the slightest notice when she was called to. Mrs. Jervis quickly followed past the drawing-room door, up to the landing, by her own bedroom, never for a moment suspecting that the in truder was one of another nature to her own. When sbe reached the bedroom door, there was die figure peeping into a drawer that had been left open, with true feminine curiosity. Then suddenly Mrs. Jervis recognised the red gown, white cap, and gray hair, of Sophie's strange story, and just as she caught a glimpse of the withered face and gleaming eyes, the apparition vanished. Happily for her, at that moment there was a pattering of little feet in the hall, and a sound of baby voices, that soon dispelled the terror that had seized upon her, and her mother s instinct enabled her to show no traces of it. When her husband returned home, how ever, she could not hide them from him, and she implored him at once to leave the house. He answered first with his cheiy laugh, then with the fact of the lease having been paid for, and the impossibility of their being abia to afford such a sacrifice. But, on the follow ing day, he went to a friend of his wife's whom he had some reason to hope might be in duced to come and reside with them. ' The fact is,' he said to her, 'that my poor wife, bright and hopeful as she is natu rally, has got thoroughly melancholy by living so long alcue. She is getting morbid and altogether out of sorts. We want you to come and cheer her up.' Miss F., who was the daughter of a once well-known physician, and as sensible and kind hearted a woman as ever lived, fully £greed with Captain Jerris in his view of his wife's case, and readily promised her assistance. In the course of a very short time she arrived at No. 41 of the dull street 'Why,' she said, on alighting from her cab,' ' the numbers must have been changed ! No. 41 used to be the corner house. I re member a family whom my father attended living there.' ' I suppose,' replied Captain Jervis, care lessly, 'that numbers are changed sometimes. At any rate, I am the happy possessor of No. 41, and, as you see, it is not a corner house.' ' We shall all like it better. Charlotte, no* you are with us,' exclaimed Mrs. Jervis, as she kissed her friend affectionately, and felt the comfort of her presence on what she had be gun to think of as the haunted stairs. She felt happier every day — fo# Miss F. was one of those people who never do things by halves. She meant to fulfil her promise of helping to restore Mrs. Jervis' health end spirits to the utmost of her power, and she began by using the resources of her comfort able little income to that effect. She sent for her own piano, and far quanti ticsjof music, and pretty drawings, and books, aud she improvised ottomans out of old pack ing-cases, and did wonders with her h unmer and box of nails with a few pieces of Tuikey cotton and red German velvet, and an un limited supply of cord and fringe. By 1 1- ,, sees the desolate rooms :i-s«'med j quite a rich and luxurious aspect, iu u v^ry j uaajl cost to the Captain, «nd Mita F, coa» i gratolated him and herself immensely on the renulL ',I am sore,' she said, looking around on her handiwork ' this is no longer a bouse for ghosts.' One summer's noontide, when the sun beams were pouring into die drawing-room, lighting op its crimson draperies and many a pretty feminine nicknack, Mks F. took ad vantage of being alone m the house, with only die servants and die baby boy, to try over some of her old songs. While dins employed, a strange shudder came over her, and an inexplicable eonscious uess diat something was wrong with the treasured baby. After trying for a minute or two to shake it off, she run up to the nursery. A dark green blind was carefully let down in die day-nursery where die cradle stood. Over it was bending die little figure in red, already so well known , bat it tamed suddenly round and showed a face gleaming with wrath, and then instantly disappeared. Terror for die child overpowered tbat which Miss. F. would naturally have felt for herself. She took him up, almost expecting to find that his sweet breath had been drawn away ; but) although he gasped as if he were going into a fit, he soon recovered in her kindly onus, and was again asleep by die time Sophie returned to die nursery. Miss F. was now convinced that die sounds aud sights she had heard of about die house were not imaginary ; but she was much more inclined still to agree with Captain Jervis, that as it was impossible, with prudence, to leave die house, they would remain in it, and trust in Providence that diey would be kept from injury. After this third apparition of die littie women in red, the sounds of quarrelling voices and of the weird game at ball ceased,? and if Mrs. Jerris never liked Mo. 41, she was at least reconciled to remain in it. In die course of die summer. Miss F. and die children went one morning into the Eegent Park, and were sitting in a summer house opposite die water, when an old gentleman happened to come in also. Struck by little Tottie's uncommon beauty, he began talking to her, and on hearing where she lived, he exclaimed to Sophie. ** What! do these children come from die haunted house in B ? Street 7' ' From No. 41, B ? -Street, sir,' answered Sophie, resenting die imputation. 'A very comfortable house, indeed.' ' No. 38, in my time,' said die old gentle man, half to himself; 'diey have altered the numbers on that ride of die way, and with very good reason.' In describing this adventure to her mother, little Tottie said, 'Sophie twisted op two paper boats for Freddy, and made me go to the water's edge to see that be didn't tumble in. I would much rather have stayed to hear what the old gentleman said to her, for I knew he was going to speak about things we mustn't talk of.' a.OM*u ?. «m.Km»i» ?« otmo aba HCU ^W U|U WU% stay,' eaid Miss F., with her accustomed good sense. Nevertheless, she questioned Sophie, and die substance of the old gentleman's story was diis : About fifty years before Captain Jervis took No. 41, it had belonged to an elderly maiden lady named Larking, who was supposed to be as rich as she was penurious. She only kept one servant, and, therefore, only occupied two or three of die rooms herself; bnt she had her house extremely well secured, and ehe used often to say ' If thieves ever did get into it, diey would find nothing in her cham ber, for sbe kept nothing there but her clothes, and they were not worth much. Miss Larking, however, had a strong closet, with an iron door and spring lock, fastened to die wall of an nppar passage, of which sbe always kept die key fastened on her watch chain. The only relations she had in die world were her two nephews, named John and Robert Larking, the elder of whom was mar ried and had a little boy, «f whom she was extremely fond. She would often send for him to spend whole days with her in diat dreary, roomy house, where his chief amuse ment was in playing at ball Up and down die passage, at die end of which stood die strong closet Sometimes he played with her, some times with his uncle Robert, who seemed never weary of being up diere. Meanwhile, a rumor got abroad diat Miss Larking, who was then a diminutive woman of, perhaps, seventy, was hoarding her money not for die benefit of her two nephews, as she had professed to do, but simply and solely for the sake of the child. This was likely to be a terrible disappoint ment to diem both ; but especially to Robert, who had latterly contrived to get a bed for himself in her house, and used to boast to his friends of standing in 'die old cat's favor more than he had ever done in his life before.' The suspicions of die elder Larking may probably have been aroused by his brother's conduct to die child ; but the fear lest Miss Larking should forbid them both die honse, prevented any open quarrelling in her pre sence. On many occasions, as it afterwards ap peared, die two men had met, and bitter words had passed between diem, while little George was playing at ball in the upper passage and in the two empty rooms that opened into it. ? One day Robert Larking was missing in all the morning after taking his aunt a cap of coffee before she was up, as he was io the habit of doing, by way of ingratiating himself with the old laciy. After drinking it, she fell into a very long and sound sleep ; and when she woke, her watch and chain, with the small steel key hung on to it, was missing, as well as her nephew. Meanwhile, John Larking bad arrived with little George, who was to spend die day with her, and findimg her not op, had sat for about an hour in the usual sitting room — so die servant thought — and had then gone on to his office in the city. It appeared, however, that die child having left some of his toys np-stairs, went to look for them, followed by his father. The first glimpse little George caught of die closet door it appeared ,ajar, or so he fancied, when be ran along the passage ; bat this did not come out in evidence till long afterwards. John Lurking swore that he observed no thing unusual; that the closet was shot, and diat not a sound was heard from it- The child found his ball directly, and he carried him down- stairs in his arms, so diat Miss Larking might not be disturbed. She was, of course, 6oon in 4 terrible state of mind, but she was not inclined to take the worst view of Robert's disappearance. He was found to have pawned his own watch die week before, and he might possibly have taken hers, which was of no valne, intending at once^to restore it. As to her will and various securities, she smiled grimly at die notion of dieir being in a place obviously contrived for keeping money and papers in. 'He thought they were diere, no doubt, poor fellow,' she swdjj 'but they are safe enough elsewhere.' And, in fact, they w»ra in a lawyer's office at Lincoln's Inn Fields. At last die iron door was forced open j by die lawyers orders, and there, propped op by an oaken chest, full of parchments and let ters, which be had opened, stood Robert Lark ing — a corpse of a fortnight old! The watch and key lay under a heap of dusty papers en (be t^loUDd. Nothing defiiiiiewas ascertained beyond the actual canst: of big doftUi, whish ires suffocation. Whether, on hearing his brother** step, or whether, as was duly ?armised, John Lanmf shut it upon him, was saver dearly knows. In the coarse of three years, die whole of that Larking fiunfly win Jteafl frha ^Mlaiy, John, and his littie son, wbo wm to Ian inherited d-e property on eoming «f age. From that time d» house was aaid to fee haunted, by one tenant after aaothep. Jt was fresh painted and papered, it was let«o leaae, it was sublet by the' year, the nn«abgr was changed when, the street was attend ; bat hitherto H has always been the Bam*. BToetae lives then long. ' I dunk,' said Mm F, when ate «HAb strange tale to me, ? that theafciltatnkBa; but we shall see!' -- . Atdwend«f die fire yem«-r.irki(fc€ap- tam Jerris had fakes Ho. «M, km ^pOed «ith his family for Australia, where they are near, happy and prosperous. The Jfavase^has had handsome plate-glass irindow* pot into it, the exterior renovated, and is now 'To be fat, cr BOH.' 