A SCHEJHKG MAIDEN. Ik Clinton, n.riMMB, th&e; was a lonely maiAm n,y of thirty-fiTse, who fell despexately in lora with a rich young man, and to prove the disinterested rapture shefelt for 2rim, and. tiie ardent nature of her gndi, she Virrt»*lt as only a lady of thirty -five, anxions to marry. can, that he was the very finest man she ever irinp ai*nvp, and ooidd ntflr'* axiy woman happy by the snnpfe mease of a preacher and a license. Bat the ridi young man didn't see it;l»didii^»?n-We,TOd,m£ict,hesiayeti*w»y trom uiere in a most anproposnig manuer. Bat xt was *« entspcuinff maiden, and so She went tirroogh some fire hundred novek in search of a good way to catch a rich yotmg man wiiii a nsatnnMKiial lasso, for, as tiie coopte «b a, novel always marry, it is safe to condnde that the courting mnst be good winch resrdts always in success. Well, xt last the fair reader came to tiie 'Bomamceof a Poor Yonn£ Man,' wherein the point is that the P. T. IL, being locked in a moonlit tower witii a lady, jumps off tiie tower at tiie risk of his life, sooner than Btay op tiiere and -thus compromise the lady. ' I have it,' said the fair reader, dosing tiie book and going to the sexton of a loody Methodist Church which stood some miks m the country. Diplomatically besieging that sexton, she managed to wheedle him out of tiie key to the steeple, which was high, had a spiral stairway inside, and only one window. Tien tiie rich, but cool, y-xmg man and tiie designing lady, were seen one afternoon ridrng along that road, and, stopping at the lonely church, to go np in tiie steeple and new a fine aitide of unmet. The couple climbed (he stairs and stood at tiie single window admiring tiie Invdy scene antil the son went down behind the we*t, and the twilight crept o'er moorland and lee — Bee any nord or peem for — *»«+.«. description. Tnen the rich young man began to get skittish and wish be was at home, so he imparted a gentle faint to his companion that they hid better go, &c; Kow, the lady had locked the door of the steeple, assuring tiie young man that it was tiie sexton's unperatirc command. Down the steep, narrow stairs they came, and at the bottom the lady felt for the tey in her pocket, but no key was there. 'Gracioas me,' says shewing, most bwrrinnic manner, ' if I ha vent gone sad dropped tiie key out of the window. It's fifty feet to theground. What win became os » To stay in tiiis steeple all night with a man and show myself afterward unmarried would kill me,' tc^, and she fell on the young man's breast in a paroxysm of weeping. That young man was cool aad business-like. He waited mrta she tamed off the water, then kindly seated her on the lowest step and started upstairs. ** Heavens. Joseph ; dear Joe, yon amt garnets jump?' 'Kot if I know it; you just wait' Eresently be returned with a bright ***»?*** on his face and the bell rope under his arm; gently, bat firmly, be took that thlrtyfiVe year-old young '**i'W opsUirs to the window and, in spite of her entreaties and cries, tied tiie rope abont ber waist and lowered away. The conventional pionghnan, homeward plodding his weary way, saw, as the moon rose, a ptuii -coloured ghost descending the face of me chnrch-steepl-e, and be began to plot faster, at Hie same time whistling a time to keep np bis conrace. But cariosity, stronger than fear, caused him to take just one more look at the apparition, and what was his surprise to behold against the steeple, two barred and striped objects that loomed like the downTs legs in the circus. lie ploughman stood rooted to tiie ground, and titen down came ghost immher two, and, as tt was a dark and maacatixw-Uxdring object, the ploughman rallied from his fioght and approached die spot, when Ik beheld A lad j ana gentleman qnanelling. and the lady calling the gentleman a ** horrid wretch.' Ko cards. 