C 0 H U N A. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The downpour of rain which visited us last Tuesday has rendered great service to the district, not only filling the waterholes and encouraging vegetation, but leaving the land in a thoroughly fit state for the plough. Notwithstanding how unfavorable the.last two years have been, and the rough harbours. in which farmers have anchored, settlement still goes on and nearly every avaliable portion of land between Barr Creek, Pyramid Creek, Gannawarra and Kerang has been selected, and this in the majority of cases by practical farmers, who have thus shown.their confidence in the grain producing qualities of this portion: of the district. Still, I am afraid that many of the holdings in this neighborhood will pass into the hands of the large proprietors. Doubtless the majority intend making this their permanent home, but the improvements effected by these and tht temporary character of those made by others contrast markedly. In the case of some of those who have homes elsewhere, the improvements are especially limited. A hut is rigged up that is scarcely habitable, and a thin strip of 30 or 32 acres is cultivated, arid when these improvements cannot well be computed at £1 per acre, the balance is made up of grubbing and clearing an item of expenditure that cannot well be tested by Crown Lands Bailiff or anyone else. The traveller can scarcely fail in observing the appearance of the residences of the "casual," and the orthodox lonely dummy hut. The latter is generally the more compact, as doubtless the "selector " ob tained assistance in its construction. Then if the Minister of Lands has any suspicion of the nefari ous transaction, and for a time withholds the lease, the Opposition press comes out with a paragraph to the effect that Mr. Longmore is ruining the selectors. However careful a Minister may be, or however, efficient his officers, these evasions will take place until the law is amended; and the probationary term made seven years; instead of three. If this were done it would be found awk ward for the "casual " to carry on the old home and the new during that period, and the squatter would not undertake to keep his head above water for so long a time. This "casual" in some iso lated cases has previously selected elsewhere, and yet taken up his full 320 acres here. It would be well when the Lauds Department issued amended regulations if the following questions were scheduled:- " Does the applicant understand the importance of an oath?" And the simple "Yes" should not be taken as evidence of his under standing, but he should be examined with the view of finding what degree of intelligence he possessed regarding the matter. We find our Gannawarra flour mill a great con venience, as it would be almost an impossibility to deliver the quantity of wheat from here at Ecbuca, and at the same time prepare the land for the ensuing crop. Besides the area that will be placed under cultivation will .be much greater than if we had the prospect of travelling fifty miles to a market. The owner of the flour mill Mr. Keane is making extensive provision for the storage of wheat. A rush of grain came upon him ere he was prepared, and in greater quantities than he anticipated. The grain is crammed in every corner, and there are over 2,700 bags of wheat stacked outside covered with tarpaulins. In the mill two pairs of stones are kept constanly at work, gristing on an average about 35 tons a week. The price paid for wheat is within one penny per bushel of Echuca prices. It is there fore, to be hoped that the new mill at the.junction of the Murray and the Gunbower will be as profitable to the enterprising miller as it is con venient to the residents. . . It is expected that in a few days a large tract of land in the neighborhood of Gannawarra Station, hitherto reserved, will be thrown open for selection, the timbered portion to be licensed for woodcutting, and the plains thrown open for agricultural purposes. The apathy of farmers in any public matter is proverbial, but surely when they are put to great inconvenience they ought to rouse from their somnolence for a time. A public road is closed at the Gannawarra Station, which is awk ward and annoying, and discreditable to those who allow it to remain so. A track formerly used is now honoured by a gate and padlock, thus compelling heavily laden teams to make a journey to the mill and back, a distance of four miles longer than formerly. The right of closing the old track is a matter that the public cannot ques tion, but running parrallel with this track is a surveyed road, fenced off at both sides of the pad dock, thus causing the inconvenience and round- about racecourse fashion referred to. It would be supposed that our sleepy local parliament would take this and similar cases in hand. But that body, from its early training and constitution, can scarcely be expected to take any steps that will disturb the elements of which it has been, and is still, to a great extent, composed. Weeding can not be carried out all at once - fair progress has been made in this direction - more no doubt will be effected. However, this matter ere long will be brought prominently under notice. ''MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING" - On Wednesday evening last a noisy, meeting was held in the coffee room at Tattersalls hotel. The proprietor of the Riverine Emporium was demonstratively shouted into the chair. The village blacksmith was also there, two bank-builders, a-bank breaker and a bank manager, two draggers, two divers, divers other members of the great and greasy un employed, and many others unknown to fame. For some time it was not very clear what the object of the meeting was. So the village blacksmith thought, for he demanded In tones against which few can make themselves heard, to know who had convened the meet ing to. which came the reply in a selpulchral tone, from .a corner of the room, "The body-finders." Another question followed, but was ruled out of order. The chairman said he did not know anything about it, but would be happy, to hear any proposition they had to make. Body-finder .No. 1 referring to the death aud resurrection of a resident, explained that the meeting had been called for the purpose of arranging the funeral obsequies of the body that they had found in the river. He entered into a dismal narra tive of the 101 hairbreadth escapes that his mate and he had encountered in their search for the body, and asked that the meeting should decide what was to be done with it now that it had been found. Zacchy was understood to suggest that it be made sausage meat of, at which a butcher im mediately took sick, and left the room to. enter an action against the speaker for damaging him in his business. Zacchy having been called to order, some one proposed that the body be interred with musical honours; another proposed that it be pro duced and laid upon the table ; another sug gested that a jury be empanelled to sit upon the body all night, but sufficiently .drunken men could not be found. Finally it was decided that; somebody that a "klekshun" should be made, and. he made it accordingly. No orie knoivs who he gave it to. Those at the door cleared out when they saw the hat coming round and those that were inside began to think it was getting "rather warm" and they skedaddled without waiting to receive the chairman's benediction. They were all there, though, and a great many more, when the torchlight procession came down the street next evening, from the Sepulchre to the Bridge of Sighs, where the body, remaining disowned, was returned to the element from which it had been taken. Friends down stream had better look out, or they may encounter this saw dust ghost unaware. ESTATES OF DECEASED PERSONS.-The following estates have been placed under the charge of the curator of the estates of deceased persons: John Glendinnirig, Undera, near Wyuna -£933 14s. William Johnston, Echuca - £25. 