JOSHUA HAGGARD. . CHAPTER XXIV.—(CONTINUED.) PULL OP SCORPION6. •—- Bt THE AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY's SECRET,' " AURORA FLOYD," &C.;, &C.; It was a letter of three pages, written by a hand which betrayed its owner's emotion. Naomi 1 eves shone with an angry light as they hurried over the lines. There was a name written here and there—a hateful name, that told her the letter was not for her—" My Cyuthia ; My Cynthia—mine by that mutual love which is our mutual sorrow! " " Villain and traitor! " cried Naomi, with a buret of passion which transformed her. Had he stood before her in that moment, and she armed, she could have stabbed him This Naomi, who could have laid down her life to accomplish some good and great thing, was, for this one instant, capable of murder. Such cruel perfidy, such heartless treachery, such shameless iniquity, outraged her sense of justice. It seemed to her as if Heaven had created a monster. .She had not vet read the letter, but Cynthia's name stood out from the Hues as if it had been written in fire. Slowly, with her hand pressed against her burning forehead, in the effort to keep brain and understanding clear, she addressed herself to the hateful task. She would know the lowest deep of man's infamy : a lover who could forsake his sworn love; a man, calling himself a gentleman, who could try to seduce a good man's wife. The letter was incoherent, passionate—despair's foolish appeal against Fate : " I must see you once again—yes, dearest, at whatever hazard to you or me, at whatever cost. I have made up my mind to live and die far away from the dear place that holds you. The wide, bleak, barren sea shall roll between me and my beloved. I am going to America : that is far enough, surely! Death could part us no wider than the Atlantic. I shall look at that great 6ea, and think how the green waves roll up the golden sands of home and kiss your feet; how the white tpray blows into our hair and caresses you like a cloud—and I am no Jove, to be in that cloud, love. I shall be severed from you tor ever. But before I sail for the other 6ide of the sea I mu=t see you once more ; yes, Cynthia, my Cynthia— mine by that mutual love which is our mutual sorrow—I must see you once more, clasp your hand and say farewell; bless you, and be blessed by you. Trust uie, trust me, my beloved, witli but one meeting. There shall no evil word be spoken; you shall not even hear me complain against Fate. 1 will only take your hand in mine and say good-bye. Vain blessing, you will siy; but, dearest love, the memory of that moment will comfort ine in weary days and nights to come. I would but know that you pity and forgive and pray for me ; and that, if Fate had willed it so, you might have loved me. It will be like a parting between two friends when one is doomed to die. I shall think the executioner is waiting at the door, and the death-bell ready to toll. 0, dear love, by thy tender and pitying heart, I adjuie thee, grant me this last prayer Thy AVerther, despairing unto death, pleads to thee! " I have come back to Devonshire for tins only—to see you once more. I have takon my passage for New York. All is settled; nothing can alter my decision. I am not weak enough, or guilty enough, to remain within reach of you. I thought that in London I might forget; but your image followed me everywhere I went; in crowds or in solitudes you were always near: nothing but a lifelong exile can cure my wound or expiate my guilt. "Let me see you, beloved one. I shall contrive to convey this letter to you by some means in the course of to-day. Meet me tomorrow afternoon; and to-morrow night, bv the coach which starts from tho First and Last at eight o'clock, I will leave Combhaven for ever. Your afternoons are always free : shall wait for you, from two two four o'clock, on the common beyond Statcherly Wood, near the old shaft. It is rather far for you to come, but I think it is the safest place for our meet- ing- " Come, dearest; it is the ouly boon you can bestow upon one whose heart you have broken unawares.—Yours till death, "OSWALD" This was tho letter. Naomi read it slowly to the end, and then put it in her pocket. A shrill shriek from tho house-door roused her. from abstraction. "Naomi, aro you coming?" at the top of Aunt Judith's high pitched voice. " Wo nover do have our teas like Christians nowadays," complained Miss JJtiggdrd, as Naomi came into tlxo parlour breathless. "Have you soon another ghost, girl?" shq asked. " yon look ; as white as a yard of calico. Here's your father not homo to his tea aj that makes tho third time this week."- "Ho is attending to his ; duty, no doubt, aunt." " Who says he ifen'tf But I wish lfe-topld contrive to copibTneTftty ,wi*h j?«nctuahtyj at meals. I hats a disorderly table.' J Joshua came in just as they had finished their meal. His largo cup of tea had boon put on one side for him, ooveredwith a eauoer. He sat down in his armchair, and drank his tea in silence. He -was looking exhausted and weary. i , . " i am afraid you have had a hard afternoon's work, Joshua," Cynthia said down beside him timidly. i "1 have been in the house of death, my dear; that is always trying to weak humanity. And I have walked a long way in the sun." Naomi sat by the window darning Jim's stockings. Aunt Judith retired to the drapeiy department. Joshua leant back in his chair, with closed eyes. Cynthia took up a book; it was Milton's "Paradise Lost," one of tho few imaginative works of which Mr. Haggard did not disapprove Thev sat thus for some time, in a silence only broken by the lowing of distant cattle and the'gentle lapping of summer waves upon the pebbly beach. Then Jim looked in at the door and called Cynthia. She rose quickly and went out to him, and Naomi was alone with her father. This was the opportunity she had been waiting for. After reading Oswald's letter she had come to a desperate resolve. These lofty natures have a touch of hardness in their composition sometimes. A sense of immunity from sin and weakness makes them stony hearted judges of erring humanity. Oswald's wrong-doing had awakened that latent element ol hardness in Naomi's nature. She thought she was only doing her duty iu taking desperate measures. She took the letter out of her pocket, aud looked at her father. " Father," said Naomi, in a low voice, " here is a letter which has come to me by accident, and which I think you ought to see. It is from Oswald to your wife." She put the letter into his hand and left him. She dared not await the issue of her act. C H A P T E R XXV. " FAREWELL, CONTEXT." Joshua read the letter slowly, every word going to his heart like the thrust of a knife, lie had been told that a man had addressed a confession of guilty love to his wife, and the knowledge that this thing had been had preyed upon him like a corroding poison. But even in all he had suffered since Judith's revelation he had never realised the greatness of the wrong as he did now, with the betrayer's letter in his hand, the audacious confession deliberately set down in black aud white. " He dared to write this!" he muttered. " He dared—to my wife! 0 God! liow low she must have fallen in his esteem before he wrote this letter!" Here was the cruellest sting. Could Oswald have penned this passionate appeal had he not been sure of a hearing ? Did not this letter imply that lie knew himself beloved? Ay, there were the abhorrent words burning the paper : "That mutual love, which is our mutual sorrow!" This villain made very sure that he was loved. Must he not have been so assured before he dared to ask an honest woman to grant him a secret meeting ? Joshua Haggard sat with the letter in his hand, aud a look in those dark eyes of his—a lurid fire under black lowering brows—which would have struck terror to the hearts of his admiring flock could they have seen their shepherd in his lonely agony. What was he to do —how find revenge great enough for this gigantic wrong ? . lteveuge was not the thought in his mind; retribution, justice rather, was what he demanded. He felt himself like Orestes, privileged, nay,- appointed to slay. The furies might come afterwards, but in this present hour it seemed to him that he might claim this man's blood. That gentlemanlike institution, tho duel, was in full force in Joshua's days. It was but a year or so since a couple of English dukes had tried to murder each other in a pit in Hyde Park. Had he been a man of the world, nothing would have been clearer or more easy than his course. But for the shepherd of souls, the preacher of peace, to take up tho sword! Would it not be the renunciation of those principles for which he had lived? How often from his pulpit had he anathematised the slayer of his brother, hurled his thunders against that corrupt society in which murder could be deemed honourable! He sat with the letter in his hand, and all was dark before him. Gould he ever trust his wife again ?—believe in her purity, cherish with a fond and almost fatherly pride that sweet and girlish innocence, that utter ignorance oficvil, the freshness and beauty of life's ntoruing, which had first won his love ? Never more—hover more! His Eve had gathered the 1 fatal fruit; the serpent had lifted his venomous crest from among the flowers; the glory of lifpV parndise had faded. Nevgrijiore coul$ fye love orSvotisliip, or trust. Henceforth hie" most liolli her loathly. If this letter had reached her, how would she have received it! Would she have listened to'the tempters pl^adingl Would Bheiiate.stolenln;seQret.to meeUiimjito &ear; his poisonpu8,Yowfy [to pity his weak unmanly lamentings? ,. iM , I should like .to Know that," he said to himself; "I slMd like toknOwhoiMehe would have answered this Jetter. " iV , And then it occurred to him that he might easily put her to the. tost. The seal had been broken, but the paper round it was untorn. It would be easy to roseal the letter, making the second seal just a little larger than the first; and Cynthia would not examine the outside of the letter too closely. He lighted a candle and resealed the violated letter; then paused for a moment or ^wondering how ho should get it conveyed to his wife. " She shall find it somewhere," he thought. " Her guilty conscience will tell her it is from her lover. Ho may have written to her before, perhaps. God only knows tho greatness of her sin—God who made us, and knows the blackness of our unregenorate hearts. Aud I thought there could be one exempt—one free from humanity's universal taint. Fool, fool, fool!" He weut slowly up-stairs to tho bedchamber, the airy orderly room, with its substantial old-fashioned furniture and look of homely comfort—the room that had once been his father's. There hung the old grocer's turnip-shaped silver watch over the mantlepiece, ticking with as lusty a beat as when its sturdy proprietor carried it in his ample drab-cloth fob. There were the samplers which testified to the industry and skill of Joshua's mother and Joshua's wife—the pyramidal apple-trees innocent of leaves, the angular figures of Adam and Eve in the garden, with a curly serpent standing on tip tail between them. The evening sun shone into the room, and glorified the gaudy sunflowers on the chintz bed-furniture, and glittered on the brazen handles of Joshua's escritoire. A bowl of freshly-gathered roses and carnations on the table perfumed all the room. Joshua knew whose busy hand had plucked the flowers, and the Bight of them smote him with an aching pain. 0, wounded leart, for which every new thought was a new torture! ; The escritoire stood open, and there was the Sorrows of Werthcr lying where he had placed it after his long night of waking. Thereh'ad been no need for Cynthia to hide the .book any jre. It had told its story. Joshua's sombre glance lighted on the volume. " Accursed book that taught them to he exclaimed; " they might jiover have fathomed the wickedness ot their own' hearts but for thee.*' This was hard upon the innocent and noble Charlotte, the misguided butgenerous Werther. A thought full of bitterness and ang^r jcape into Joshua's mind as he looked at Werilier. He would put Oswald's letter between the leaves of that detested book. She/would find it there, he felt assured; the book washer own love-story, it talked to her of her lover. He could fancy her hanging over the pages, teuclrihg poisonous sweetness from every line- J Werther and Oswald were, iu Joshua's mind,, onp. He put the letter in the book, and was going slowly down stairs, when he stopped; with'his hand upon the bauisters, and pondered for a minute or bo. ....... v The thought came over him that he could not pray with his household, or teaoh oi exhort them to-night. It was as if ah evil'spirit were at his shoulder forbidding him that holy and familiar exercise. He felt that it would have been a kind of profanation to lay his hand upon the Bible, that anchor of his life, which had liever before seemed insufficient iiiobriiig tor his wiud- driven bark. . )•..{'',f " Not to-night," muttered' ho; to himself— "not to-night." He called over the stairs to his daughter, who had just come in from tho garden. " Tell your aunt to read a chapter and a Psalm, Naomi," he mid;" I am too ill to como downstairs again to-night." Naomi hurried to him, full of apprehension. " Dearest father, What is the matter? <5au I do anything ? Can I get you anything ?" Conscience smote her. ,Why she afflicted him by the sight of that wicked letter? It would have bgeji better to have^taken it to Cynthia, aud spoken words of Christian reproof and'warning. Why had she made him, her dearest upon earth, to suffer ? " No, my dear, you can do "ndthhig.' if is the rnmd that is ill at ease, not the body, * My soul is too dark to hold communion with her God. The blow has been heavy:?'' H. "Dear father, it was BO wicked of lie H to show you the letter—an oV|I JwWengefiil ifttt. And, after all, tho sin may not be so .deep fts.it seemR to UB. They ate but childron-- weak, foolish, easily led astray. Let us'mty and"forgive them." • •• • ?•*> <*'•;•. • " r . f* I may corner-some day, when?if jhu'Ai l m n h ® v ® r ' for S ivo • '•'ttb 'put h!s daughter &si;<Sio^ went into his bedroom, and shut tho door, Naomi darod not follow .him. She went slowly downstairs, . greatly troubled; ' ; : * ' It irorife thing to launch th^ tbiin^orbolt, and another to ; surrey the .ruin jttw Mc lias ;; made. . • Joshua Haggard turned his faoo toihe wall, and gave himself up to darkest thoughts, He rose soon after daybreak, and Jus first look was directed taWerlher. The letter was gone. Yos; there was nothing now between the pages bat a few faded roseleaves and withered ferntendrils, which marked a favourite passage here ttud there. He looked from tho book to his wife, lying with her face turned from the light, and one round white arm, dimpled like a young child's, thrown above her head. Was she sleeping placidly with that guilty secret in lier breast, or only pretending to sleep t Ho could not tell. "She is all dissimulation," he thought; "fairest seeming, sweetestshow—bitter as ashes within!" CHAPTER XXVt "WE two stood thero with never a third." la the sultry August afternoon—earth glorious in tho full power of the sunshino— Oswald Peutreath went up to Matcherly Common. It was a long walk aud a hot one, but in this land of beauty thero were many welcome spots of shade—cool lanes shadowed by tauglod greenery, natural arcades of oak and hawthorn, wild apple aud elderberry, from which he could look out on the glittering «ea, almost intolerable in its sunlit splendour. There was tho wood to cross; a deep and cool retreat, where interwoven boughs made summer days seem a perpetual evensong. Only here aud thero stole a shaft of vivid light through the beecheu branches; while now and then the ruddy fur of a squirrel shot like a flash of colour through the gloom. Oswald walked slowly, his hands clasped behind his back, giving himself up to tho soft influence of tho scene aud hour, aud thinking of Cynthia. Would she grant his prayer ? Would she meet him! Love and hope said Yes; and the thought of the meeting was rapture, though despair lay beyond it. He was to die to-night —or at least all of him that made life worth having—but he was to be happy first; happy for the brief span of timo in which he could hold her in his arms and press one kiss upon her innocent brow, and bless her aud leave her. The thought that this letter might reach the wrong hands had not occurred to him. Ho had seen Cynthia sitting in the wilderness, and had thrown his letter almost at her feet; Jim's approach had made him retreat suddenly, but it Ixad never struck him that Cynthia wight not see the letter, aud that Jim might. The common was on high ground rising above the wood—a broad track of undulating land clothed with furze, and with a pool of water here and there, just like that stretch of heath, far away, where Joshua Haggard had found his second wife. The mines, whose deserted shafts disfigured this billowy expanse of golden bloom, had not been worked since Watt first applied steam to mining. They had yielded,well enough in their day, had made some men rich and ruined others ; and there stood the dilapidated engine-houses with their tall chimneys, wide apart across the common, like sentinel towers on tho coast of a golden sea. Cynthia was there. Oswald found her sitting on a yellow bank, at the base of the abandoned shaft, sitting with a book open in her lap, trying to read. She started up, as he came towards her, with a frightened look, as if Ins coming had been a surprise to her, and stoodhefore him very pale, with clasped hands. Dearest, best, how shall I thank you!" he cued, taking her hands and kissing them in a rapture of gratitude. " Do not thank mo at all, Oswald; indeed, I am afraid I have done very wrong in coming: you ought not to have asked me, you ought never to have come back to Combhaven, unless it was w your heart to be true to Naomi. 0 Oswald, why can you not love her as she aeserves to be loved, as you did once love her? one is go good, so noble, like my dear husband in all high thoughts. Why cannot your heart S T W t0 her1 should wo all bd because you are inconstant f" Ihe poor little soul had come hero to sav whs. bhe had come with a clear and honest 2 T \ n J or wind-come to bring tho wanderer back to the path of duty. r,, m a 03311 help his fate?" said, Oswald gloomily. «it i s my fat0 to j >r m C v S ? 1 , ^ ^ut don't bcf fr^liS w U of™'/ cause of auiseiy to.ppne Quito n,./ am going to America; my mind is quite made up on that point." you coni you- will hreak' Naomi's heart. If, u 1! T t h * clian g° to her sinco. ybij loftj you could not help being Bony." ' _ a am eorrv. oa„i soul is eic But k witii borrow. I uevor meant til I T ; knew what love of mtkSJ ™ y° u - I ™de the fatal error ^ so^a^CrT' forloV6 - I am sorry for ' 80n y that! have wronged bo noble a 1 cannot go back.» You might as well ask mo to bra cMd Zo ; X Z m U^I i r VIL ? Wel1 1 m ° sLne snone upon u roe ^ when I Baw you." « r ^ J 1 1 ^ere wiser," said Cynthia sadly, I wish I could speak as I feel I ought to speak; I might convince you then, perhaps." Not if you had the eloquence of Brougham and the wisdom of Bacon. Naomi and I are parted for ever, dearest, and at her own desire. It 16 best that it should be so. Providence has been good to me in loosening a bond that would have made two lives miserable." And then ho said no more about Naomi, but began to talk of himself, and love, and fate, and parting, and despair. Foolish words that have been said so often, empty breath for the most part, bearing no result upon this earth save idle sorrow aud wasted tears, yet which mean so much for the speaker and the one who listens. Cynthia had come there to hear no such passionate complaints and protestations. She had come intent upon delivering her pious lecture, talking to him of grace and redemption and the sacred stream which washes away all sin, and winning him back to duty and Naomi. Yet she lingered aud heard him. It was the last time. They were parting for ever. Who should blame thcin for this one half-hour, which would stand hereafter like a chasm in the life ot each, dividing youth aud passion from sober age and duty ? It could matter to no one that they had met thus, and thus parted. « You will try to lead a good life ?" pleaded Cynthia, when Oswald had told his pitiful story—told how he had honestly striven to forget her, and had failed; "you will cling to the cross 1 0, let me think when you are far away, across that wide cruel sea, that your soul is safe, that you are one of the elect, that I shall meet you where tho seas are jasper aud the glory of the Lamb lights the shining streets! You will try to be good, Oswald ] Promise me that!" T ,, I would wear raiment of camel's-hair aud a hempen girdle for r your sake, ' dearest." ' - "You will go to chapel—church is so cold and dull; it has no awakeniug power, it does not call the lost home? You will seek out some stirring preacher like Joshua, and let him lead you to the sheltering rock, and you will drink the living water and be saved ?" Oswald looked down at the fair young face lifted to his with such utter earnestness, not one thought of earth io the pleading soul; only thorough and implicit belief in something higher and better than earth, a prize to be struggled for and won. In that Greek race in which tho runners carried lighted lamps in their hands, they were tho winners who reached the goal with their lamps still burning. So in tho Christian raco, tho light once quenched there is but little hope for the runner. It might be safely said of Cynthia, as she looked up at her lover with innocent eyes, charging him to be thoughtful for eternity, that her lamp still burned with purest light. Oswald looked down at her through a mist of tears. " Yes," he said, " for your sake I will try to make mysolf fit for heaven. I have beon careless of these things. I lueaut to let Naomi make me a Christian, but she was to have had all the trouble. But for your sake, to meet you hereafter in a fairer world, to sec this dear faco again shining amidst the angel-faces, I will struggle, I will strive to make my life worthier and better." " God bless and comfort you, and establish you in well-doingI" said Cynthia. "And now good-bye. I must not stay a moment longer; I have been too long already." She looked at her watch. Four o'clock, aud she had three miles to walk before five. There would be much astonishment and questioning if she was not punctual in her appearance at the tca-tablo. You will let mo walk through the wood witli you ?" " No j what would be the use i I have said all I had to say. It would only make us more unhappy." " It would give us one more hour together," said Oswald; " au hour in paradise." " Tho Christian's paradise is to bo reached by thornier paths than those through Matcherly Wood," answered Cynthia, with a reproving p. " Good-bye, Oswald." Her earnestness dominated him, weak and childish as she looked, with tho fair hair clustering in baby-curls under tho shady cottagebonnet. Very soft and gentle, but very firm at the same time, she seemed, in her simple straightforwardness of purpose; and Oswald obeyed her. " Since' it must bo so, then, good-bye," ho said, gloomily. " I promised that I would be content with a brief farewell, such as condemned criminals have. You have given mo a little sermon into tho bargain. . I ought to bo . more than satisfied. Farewell, mybest beloved ; the seas will roll between us soon, and there will bo nothing left for "me but tho picture and memory of to-day; nothing but tho dreams \- - - He took her to hi s Wt, she having no more foree to resist those citing arms thin" lily to recoil from tho hand that gathers it; took her gently and solemnly to his heart, aud pressed his lips on her forehead. It was a long and fervent kiss; but if there was passion in it, that passion was no base or sensual feeling ; only the passion of a great love aud a deep despair. " Bless you, my darling ? " he cried. « God bless you and guard you, and make all days and paths pleasant and peaceful for you when I am far away!" And so they parted—for evor. Unhappily, thero was one who saw tho lingering meeting, the fond embrace, the fervent kiss, but could not hear the words that went with theiu. CHAPTER XXVII. " IT IS A BASILISK UXIO MINK EYE." Tranquil and monotonous days hung like a cloud up on the little household of Combhaven. The daily round of labour, of eating and drinking in a spare and Spartan fashion, of pray in" and preaching, went on with pitiless regularity; but of household joys there were none, of family love but little. A gloomy change had come over Joshua Haggard. He was still the enthusiastic apostle of Primitive Methodism; a man ready to go out and preach the Gospel in wild and barbarous places, to be tho bearer cf glad tidiugs to those who despised and rejected such messengers, to be hooted by a brutal rabble, if need were, and driven from village to village at peril of his life, and to escape from his persecutors by the skin of his teeth, as John Wesley did, more than once, in his long and difficult career. He was ready to endure all things. Day by day his discourses grew more fervid, but, alas! more darkly fraught with a message which was not glad tidings— the message of an offended and an aven^in" Go d - Christ, the Saviour, was almost excluded from the preacher's exhortations. When he talked of man's Redeemer it was as of one who turned His face from a sinful world, in which there were very few to be saved. If he had lived in that awful time before the Deluge, when all the earth was peopled with reprobates, he could hardly have been more despairing of humanity's ultimate destiny. His flock were in no wise offended by this gloomy view of their spiritual condition, although it implied so mean an opinion of their personal merits and conduct. The more vehemently threatening Joshua Haggard's sermons became, the more eagerly the sinners crowded to hear him. If was as if Hicy liked to hear themselves upbraided and denounced. Per- haps everybody saw the barbed shaft fly straight to the gold of a neighbour's heart, and did not feel it rankling in his own. When Joshua talked of the frivolity and cxtravaganco of an unregeneraterace, Mrs. Pycroft thought of Mrs. Spradgers' last new bonnet, which was clearly a superfluous and culpable outlay, such bonnet not being due to Mrs. Spradgers, from an economic point of view, until Advent Sunday, whereas the lady had flaunted it before the disapproving eyes of the flock early in October. If Joshua denounced sensuality and the vile indulgence of earthly desires, Mrs. Pentelow's thoughts flew at once to the Polwhele family who where known to have hot suppers—squab pies and other savoury meats—every night in tho week. You could see tho grease oozing out of their complexions on warm Sunday afternoons, as if digestion as well as respiration were a function of the skin. From the day when he gave up humanity for lost, and plainly told them so, Joshua's popularity increased in a marked degree. The darker his doctrines grow, the better his congregation liked to hear him. It was not milk for babes which they wanted, but strong meat for men of iron thews and sinews, and women with vigorous constitutions aud masculine strength of mind. They liked to hear that the devil was among them, at their shoulders, prompting them to evil, fighting for the mastery of their souls. " I can see liim, I can feel his presence," cried Joshua, in a passion of despairing ecstasy. " He is among us; his sulphurous breath burus me with a foretaste of eternal fire ; his whisper hisses in my ear as the serpent's hiss stole into the ear of Eve. Ho will not loose his hold. He is fighting $>r tho possession of my soul; he is striving to drag me down into tho pit. What shall I do to bo saved? How shall I win tho fight against so omnipotent an adversary—omnipotent to destroy, omnipotent to enthral and enchain souls? He wants to people hell, my brethren. He is not content with his victory over .willing sinners; the profligates and harlots are too pitiful a prey for him. He wants to have the virtuous man in his not. He would have liked to get John Wesley, or George Whitfield, or William Law. He tried for them, as ha is trying for us. Ho is a fallen angel himself, and it pleases him to entrap men ; of high estate—to take tho Christian in his toils—to make the white scarlet, and tho wool!, like unto blood. | Xaomi heard and shuddered- Was this het iather, "who had once preached infinite faith in God'* mercy, in Christ's redeeming ^ace f iHt talked now as if manhood were abandoned as prey to the £vil One, with no gnardian and champion to ptotect and save, no all-merciful Judge to adjust the balance; as if humanity, forgotten by God, were left to struggle singlehanded against the devices of the great Enemy. Of our ever-interceding Redeemer, of guardian angels and ministering spirirts, and saints who foughtand conquered, Joshua now rarely spoke. He described a world given over to the Prince of Darkness. Nor was this the only change which >aomi beheld with remorseful grief, believing herself in somewise to blame for this gloomy tr.iaifonnation. In his home as well as in hi» palpit the minister was a new man. It was not in his nature to become a domestic tyrant. He interfered with no one's liberty or comfort; but he sat in his domestic circle like a statue, he banished all cheerfulness by hii silent presence, he breathed an atmosphere of gloom Even Judith regretted this alteration in her brother's temper, though she had been ap: in happier days to think him far too easy and indulgent a "father. She, like Xaomi, had her moments of remorse, thinking the change her work. Better perhaps if she had held her tongue about that foolish young man, and let time and Providence cure him of his folly. Naomi's marriage would have been a feather in the family cap : and although Miss Haggard had been disposed to begrudge her niece this ; exaltation, it was a trial to receive the condolences of friends whose affected iymp.it hy thinly disguised their inward satisfaction. Yes. taking all things into consideration, -Judith was sorry she had not held her peace. -She had acted for the best, of course—when had she ever done otherwise I—but the worst had come of i instead of the best. Cynthia bore her cross and made no murmur, and had neither kindness nor pity for any one except James Haggard, who thought it a hard thing that his pretty young stepmother should lead so dreary a life. She had not even the business and the delightful consciousness of increasing profits to console her. nor the power to restore exhausted nature with a surreptitiou handful of figs or pudding-raisins when the dinner had been more than usually Spartan James was sorry for the " pior little woman," as he called her, and was kind to her always, for which grace she rewarded him with heartfelt affection. But her husband—the teacher, master, and friend, which she had loved so dearly, rever- enced so deeply, and to whom, even when weak enough to pity and return Oswald's romantic passion, she had always rendered homage and affection—had withdrawn his favour from her; he loved her no longer; he was doubtless sorry that he had linked himself to so weak and useless a creature. " What am I in his life ?" she asked herself, in deepest despondency. " I cannot even keep his house for him; others do that. I sit by his fireside a useless intruder. He will not let me share in his higher life; if I ask him about the books he reads, or talk to him about our religion, I can see a disdainful sneer upon his lip. Sometimes I think that he is getting to hate me." This thought was poison. Cynthia searched her life to see in what article of it she had offended her husband, and could discover no cause for his anger. That she had erred in letting Oswald love her, in letting her heart go out to him, she knew, and had repented of her sin with many tears; and having bidden the sinner an eternal farewell, deemed that error a thing of the past, repented of, and in somewise atoned. She did not believe that jealousy was the cause of her husband's estrangement Jealousy was allied to love, and her great fear was that Joshua hated her. She did not know that there is a kind of jealousy, and that which has its root in the deepest love, which puts on the garb of hate, and has not seldom culminated in murder—such jealousy as made Othello strike Desdemona before the Venetian emissaries—the passion of strong natures. She endured her husband's unkindness with a sweet submission which might have softened a sterner temper than Joshua's, and would assuredly have melted him but for the corroding influence of a sleepless jealousy—jealousy of the past, jealousy of a ghost—for the departed Oswald was nothing more than a 6hade. Joshua had said no word to his daughter about Oswald's letter. All through that day on which Cynthia went to Matcherly Common JJaomi had been full of anxiety and fear. How would her father act ? Would his anger against Oswald take any; violent shape f That was assuredly a contingency to be dreaded, an evil she had not foreseen when she gave Joshua the lottop, „Biifc passion is fatally blind. The harm being done, she could see the possible danger plainly enough. All through the loHg summer day she was rest- Jps? and watchful, fearing she knew not what, or I rather not daring to tell horeelf what she feared. J The Cynthia ( sitting in the parlour sewing; Xaomi busy about her usual household labours. She went in and out of the parlour a good many times, and always found Cynthia in the same attitude, working assiduously. Had Joshua spoken to his wife about the letter} Yes, Naomi thought he had. There was one bright spot of colour on Cynthia's pale cheek that told of agitation studiously suppressed. Once when Naomi spoke to her she answered absently. She must know something about the letter, Xaomi thought. After dinner Cynthia went up to her bedroom. aud came down in five minutes with her bonnet on. It was a busy afternoon in the shop. Auai Judith and Jim bad returned to their duties, and Joshua had gone out There was only Xaomi in the parlour when Cynthia came down ready for her walk. I am going for a long walk, Xaomi," she Slid. " I shall be home by tea-time." There was no fear of Xaomi offering to accompany her stepmother. They had not walked together since Oswald Pentreath's departure. Day by day the gulf had been widening. This walk of Cynthia's set Xaomi wondering. Could she be gone to meet Oswald] That seemed of all things unlikely. Joshua had the letter ; it was Joshua who would keep the appointment. And then, 0 God .' who would tell what might be the issue of the meeting : Xaomi went about the house and the garden like a wandering spirit for the next hour, and it seemed to her that this suspense was beyond endurance : she must follow her father to the 3d shaft—she made very sure that he had gone there—she must be on the spot or near it, whatever harm was to come. O, why had she given him that shameful letter! Blind and wicked rage which prompted so wild an act.' " Did I want to make my father's life miserable. or to bring evil upon Oswald ?" she cried. " Yes, I was wicked enough for anything yesterday; I was mad with anger and jealousy." She put on her bonnet, and went out, unseen even by Sally, who was washing in the cool bricked-floored back kitchen. The suu was blazing upon the neat little town. The white houses were of a dazzling brightness, the sweetwilliams and red roses shone like spots of fire, the ruddy glow of the forge looked pale against the sun-glory. Xaomi took no heed of the heat; she walked rapidly to the end of the lane that led to Matcherly, and then ran along the shaded narrow way till she came to the edge of the wood. Here she paused for a little, breathless and exhausted. They would be coming home- wards by this time, she thought—Cynthia and Oswald, and he who had gone to watch their meeting—or to disturb it. She might come face to face with her false lover. Her heart beat wildly at the thought There was one central path through the wood, a clearly defined cattle-track, which she felt assured would be taken by any one going in the direction of the old shaft. It was easy to skirt this broad grassy track by a narrow footway that wound through the underwood, and among the smooth silvery beech-boles and the rugged greenish- gray oak-trunks. The path ran like a thread through the bracken. By this narrow way Xaomi went swiftly, till she came to the rising ground that sloped upwards to Matcherly Common. Here she chose her post of espial behind a sturdy old oak, bearded with gray lichen and lialfstrangled with ivy—a Methuselah of trees, from which time had lopped limb after limb, but which still held numerous arms aloft, like a woodland Briareus, and seemed to threaten or denounce surrounding Xature. So one might fancy some prophetic Druid transformed into a* tree, dumbly prophesying evil to come upon the earth. Sheltered by this broad trunk, which stood waist-high in hawthorn and bracken, Xaomi waited to see her father and Oswald pass by, and to be assured that all was well with them. They would hardly fail to return by the cattle- track ; it was the only direct path to Combhaven, and on either side the underwood was too thick and wild for the perambulation of anything but the furred aud feathered inhabitants of the forest. She waited for what seemed a long and weary time; then, a little after four o'clock, she saw Cynthia go by, walking slowly. She was very pale, and the white wan cheeks burc the trace of tears; but she had a resigned look as of one whose soul is not lost to peace. "She lias been to meet him," thought Xaomi. " And yet she does not look like a shameless sinner." Then she began to pray that Joshua might not have seen that claudestine unhoty meeting—that he might have been spared the temptation to any evil act. The time she had to wait for her father's coming hung heavily, 60 great had becSme that burden of nameless dread. Yet it was but; half an hour after Cynthia had gone by that her husband came .slowly along the forest glade, and passed witliin a yard of the tree behind which his daughter was watching. She rose as lie approached, and stood leaning against the balky old trunk, gazing «t her father's face as she had never looked before at anything under God's heaven. Never had any other spectacle so thrilled, so frozen her being as this one view of a familiar countenance. To have looked in the face of the dead would have been less awfuL White to die lips, and with big drops of sweat upon brow and cheek, the mouth rigid, the dark eyes almost hidden under the lowering brows—Joshua, the Christum preacher, the man sure of election and grace, passed under the flickering lights and shadows like some horrible vision of sin and vengenance— passed, and was gone. Xaomi leaned against the tree, her hands clasped, her eyes gazing at the empty air, the shaft of afternoon sunlight upon which a million atoms, each a life, danced and sparkled; yet still seeing that blanched aud awful face—the face of a man who had come straight from some hideous death- scene: the face of a man burdened with the secret of a crime. " 0 God '." cried Xaomi, with an overmastering despair, " why didst Thou create us, predestined sinners, judged, doomed before we were born ! The best of us, the most earnest, the truest, the noblest, given over a prey to the Evil one.' My father, even my father, lowest, blackest of sinners!" She stood in the same attitude, supported by the mossy trunk; stood as in a trance, and saw the sun- light dip lower behind the black branches and change from gold to rose, from rose to crimson, from deepest red to tenderest purple. She watched these changes in kind of semi-consciousness and a strange feeling of uncertainty as to her own indentity; this Xaomi Haggard leaning against a tree seeming to her—the actual entity—to be a forlorn and stricken creature sorely to be pitied. She pitied herself and was sorry for herself with a half-scornful compassion. And so she waited, in a dreamy watchfulness, till nature gave way, and she sank, worn out, into a heap at the foot of the tree. Here, faint and exhausted, but not unconscious, she still watched, till thick night came down upon the wood, and she heard the owls hooting, and saw the rabbits running within a few feet of her resting-place. Only when the darkness closed round her did she rise and go home, too familiar with the wood to lose her way even amidst the shadows of night. She went homeward slowly, caring little who might question or wonder at her absence. And in all the time of her watch she had not seen Oswald Pentreath go by. (2*o be continued.) 