ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c; Last Saturday night Mr. Emery appeared in two "characteraj namely, as Giles, in a drama called "Revenge," and as Captain iGnttle, in "Heart's Delight."' Of the latter 1 hare already spoken. Of " Revenge," it is ah old domestic drama which, 50years or more,: ago, was known as "The MiRer'sMaid.", Like most domestic stories of that period, it is exceedingly simple, and; as compared frith stories of the present time, it is mnch like those innocent and not pronounced water-' oolour drawings which, at a contemporary epoch, were regarded with artistic considera tion, notwithstanding their very much-milk and-wdteririess. Or ahall I class it with those pretty undtmexcitihgnoveleltes which Were the staple contributions to the annuals ? To: read ah annual now, is/like drinking cowslip ; wine; and tosee " The Miller's Maid" isqnite^ as safely nnstinuilatjng. In these days of higUy-seaSonedr <b»i^tic food, " Revenue "1 is intonating chiefly as being an example hi the kind' of doraefcc drama ^liich pleased' | onr grandfathers. y'For in1 the KSeorgiah1 era i playwritereilid nbt think an ingeniously opri-; strucfed plot flpite indispensable,[.but took] : their materials as tbey might happen to £nd theinby the way-side. But they had cer i tainjy the advantage of/modern play-wrltara, ! in respect of neatness of dialogue, and .'very. 1 often in completeness of character. But so ■ long as a. play showed, tirst. virtne indistress, i and, subsequently,; virtue re warded,:, the cod I ditions of constrnctioq appeared to bp oom. | plied witjj. Thus, n- this play-now under/ i consideration, in the first actwe $nd a youpg pOrspn of doubtful parentage, ^p«uted by! thesollcltatibns 'of 'two ' Stovers. ' Her ' i embarrassment of choice is relieved, but her' 1 distress is increased by the discovery that the; I lojrer sbemoat affects js her brother, j Snhsg'f i quently, it is shoip he fe o^y. her foster-' brother aqdcpusin/so thatthe curtain upon herentire satisfaction mid that of every-1 body else. save the young man Whom she ' did -not affect" This is - really ihO story.! There are other filling-in characters—padding characters, ifyouwfil—but they POt help tdjwerfc Pht the storp. ,Sbr exampje,rtherp is, j ii^bn VHth '<i&e; hWjrr, that he h lfcttwftbmbftebfthe 'saitors tbthe fr-'it rw."!* ft jfinori young person. The rest of his Pied by the declaration of his inStln^0 tales, and of his ambition to be ab?eJ> ^ Some. Then. We have the wife, and an old soldier, aU 0f i * their. places, it la C: LfS® interest centres iq the loves of the tw«L ® ■ men and the young person, andwhenT-8 determined upon-which of them «£ •» ; Two persons only interested me in this. piece, namely Mr. Emery, who pWed the part of the rejected lover, and Miss Navaro It enacted the youhg person To the extent of what vm possible to do in such a part Mr Emery fully reached. He was such i millers man as I have known in the past time, which now seems to me another world never to be revisited. A bluff, manly, wholt some kind of man. A man with whom y0u would sit in the bay-window of " The Thr*a Horseshoes." and drink Yorkshire ale out of large mugs, and smoke shag tobacco in W clay-pipes, and whom in the time anterior to that when the lord of the manor had em' closed the village green in his park you" would see at feast time on the village green in resplendent apparel, with a large rose in the buttonhole of his bright blue coat the centre of a crowd of admiring lads' and lasses. Indeed, you wondered why the young person should not greatly prefer him to the other suitor, and you could explain the capriciousness of preference, only by remembering that the preferences of many women admit of no explanation at alL Mote especially as Miss Navaro played the young person, and looked, as a matter of course not only a most agreeable, but a very sensible young person, you wondered the more. Last night Mr. Emery was to take his benefit and his leave, and the bill was to include alittle piece called " The Welsh Girl" and the old comedy of " John Bull." Mr. Emery is going to Sydney, where I trust he will do better than he has done in Melbourne. This, how ever, is quite certain, that wherever he does go he will deserve to do well. To-night the company rely upon themselves, and until Miss Ward appears there will, I suppose, be no novelty. Last Saturday night Mr. Creswick played his last at the Opera-house, appearing in two characters, to wit William Tell and Mr. Oakly. Between these two pieces he ad dressed the audience in one of those bright, kindly, gentlemanly speeches, in which such an actor and such a.man, of necessity takes leave of his friends. On Wednesday he left for Tasmania, after which he will most likely go to New Zealand. But we shall have him with us again, and we shall be glad to see him whenever he comes, for he has won his way to our hearts, alike by the excellence of his acting and the geniality of his manner, both to his professional brethren and sisters, and to the many friends he has made out of his profession. On Monday, Mr. Charles Wheatleigh and Mr. Theodore Hamilton appeared at this theatre, in a drama adapted from Scott's " Lady of the Lake." I suppose it is 20 years since,"The Lady of the Lake" was played in Melbourne, and probably it will be . iahother 20 years before it is played again. For, although it has a good story enough, adapters do not seem to be able to lift the story from the. poem to the drama. This drama, for example, is little else than a string of im perfectly conneoted episodes. Those who have never read the poem, can gather little else than that Jaines Fitzj'ames went forth into the mountains, that he lost his way> was conducted out of his lostness by Rode rick Dhu, with whom he then fought, and whom he smote unto death. In the course of his wanderings it is also Been that he encoun tered an agreeable young lady, to whom he was also indebted for some guidance, and to whom he igave a ring with which she1 after wards made sure of his favour, when she found him to be the king. Besides these passages, there are others in which Highland warriors with strong voices and weak legs exhibit much do-or-die sort of valour. Also, the fiery-croBS business is introduced, and it maybe remarked, >' by toe way, that toe busi ness of flinging thin flaming signal from one 'to another, ought to be rehearsed,'or some body will get-burnt. In the last act Roderick Dhu is cremated, and I do hope toe fire was not- too near Mr, Wheatleigh. It seemed to me to be most unpleasantly near him. Con jcethingiheacting, 1 will speak firstofMr. Hamilton, towbom, being a stranger, we wilL Igive welcome., That Mr. Hamilton coi®eBf ifrom America is yery.:clear. His nafionahty. native or acquired, is unmistakable. Other wise,, he. is a - well-looking man, with a de'ep voice nhd u somewhat quiet manner, arid a not tmpleasihg stage presence. Per h&pa; .it will i be j possible *o .better in some character other tfrah that or jjamps Fitzjamps. ,,,^r. Wheatte^g]Xjjajjj wouldhive preferred ajarger man, witoa deep, revelbefating Voice. Liking the attn* Wheatleigh made the best use of his intelli gence.fendif he'did not give you in mew. Roderick ;Dhu, hegave youa Rodenck Dhn who might well, enough - have existed out the domain , of the ideal. .He showed, y jmany tittle little' bits of " business, kow jcawfully good ah actor be is, and how closed hehadconsidered toenecessitiesof thecna irfrbtet. Gftoeothera.I think Mite Jome OWL 1themidfprl,.Mihob? pf Devon, 1 oommended, Fqr.she looked mad ana sp i mad, And yet ,'sl»e did not look andqpeak i much mad.; "Mite Rpth Grey/as ^Pen'Iaf-r' of ooutse. much mow todotoan to but dhe was not aeen to suto ^vwite^ 'There is » great deal aboW I it; is imppasibte pot to; teV wpll fitted Ellen suiriier.-' toapej ^e rhyming lihes' bad eotaethiBgf to «o wim i. r/.r rturftfiiioh™ -H It is certainly a mistake tbi9UCeaaltered the form ofthetext Mr. B°t10 ^y . fine opportunity for the display B!'"1 T^tionary specialty in the character ofbis Sthsayer ; and Mr. Joyce looked enough for the most mouldy old i that ever played on an ancient and I ■ B>ill8fr mt5oB6ible harp. Mr. Boothman and u oUHds as the Douglas and the Grmme J!r' t'vely' seemed never to get a chance rtsPf1; ;'in£r or saying much, and, there of the poetical justice dealt out to them fore. W * wafl nothing more than a proper at tne Jjon for the neglect shown them ^dramatist. Some of the appointmenta totbe „roduction satisfied you. Some others of Bt especially in the matter of some (jjd 110 1 a of wlinaa fftiwnflfiAn via mountains, the period of whose formation no eologisf. however learned, could fix. 8 On Saturday night, at the Princess's, a version of "Faust" was presented. There1 ie not much to be said in its favour, either M ft drama or the way in which it was played. The Mephistopheles of Mr. Tavares jrill hardly take its place among the cha mbers he can play best, and the Marguerite of Mrs. Tavares is quite out of the compass her powers. Mr. Carey, as Faust, does not do himself justice. Mr. Poole, as is mostly the custom with those who play the1 character, burlesques Siebel, but - Mrs. lt'ooldridge's experience is of the best use her to present Martha with a roper regard to its probable effect. < Of the P era there is not much to be said, and of the Btage appointments still less, if the. anestion be between much and silence. On Thursday and Friday "London As gorance " was presented. It is unquestion able that the Sir Harcourt Courtly of Mr, Tavares is not only the part he plays best, bat be plays it better than anybody I ever saw play it, and it is equally certain that the Lady Gap of Mrs. Tavares, with certain modifi tioDB, would take its place among the best examples we have had of this character. To-night there will another complete change of programme. As an afterpiece, the old comedietta of "The Day After the Wedding" has been given. On Saturday, at the Academy, the new pera bouffe of " Les Cloches de Corneville" was given for the first time in this quarter of the world. It has a quality different from other opera bouffes. In fact, it is a combina tion of the grotesque and the romantic. The composer, M. Planquette, has struck out a line of his own, and the success which has followed the production of this opera, both in Paris and London, has justified his ven ture. The story is of a castle supposed to be haunted by ghosts, but which turns out to be haunted only by an old miser, who favours the ghost theory, in order that he may retain the castle as a hiding-place for hie hoards. In the adjoining village are two girls, one of them a hoyden, who, for some time, is under the belief she has inherited an estate and a title; but it turns out she is no heiress and no countess, and that the other girl is entitled to both of these pieces of good fortune. The owner of the haunted castle is a marquis, and he comes back from foreign parts, reinhabits his home, disperses the ghosts, and marries the heirless, whose life he had, unknown to her, previously caved. The cast of the piece included Mr. and Mrs. Bracy, Mr. Templeton, Mr. George teopold, Mr. W. H. Wallace, MiBS Lambert, Miss Royal, Miss Slater, and several others, more or less known to the musical public, and Hi. Bracy must be credited, with a success for this his first essay in management in Melbourne. The music of the piece' Hm (he recommendation of clearness and simplicity. It is not what is understood as catching, bat it is agreeably satisfying, and some of the dioral passages linger pleasantly in the memory. Of the acting and singing, I give fist mention to Mr. Bracy, whose voice is better than ever it was, both in power and softness. Mrs. Bracy sings with the steady evenness of a very practised vocalist, and defies you to find serious fault with her manner of dealing with either the music or the acting. But I think, she dresses the character too prettily. Serpolette is a very natic young person, and would hardly have etch good taste as Mrs. Bracy's dress ^ffiests. Miss Lambert I like less than ever did. Tome, her voice conveys the sense nather of sweetness nor brilliancy. It is an uncertain voice, not always in tune; an on matiafying voice, for it never, in my judgment, ^presses the dramatic meaning of the Pj®age she essays to . convey. And her lacks ease, and definiteness, and ^Pbse. You requite to have an explanation the relations of the character in order to it means.', But Miss Lambert has Pmty of confidence, and, .as was charm dressed, she got through her work to jr EPPmrent satisfaction ■ of the audience. *?: , H. Wallace, whq 'played 'the tfetiuinfly tragic, pptv&r; » although not a professed vocshst, hs ,.g®n®h better than some professed ve G Jf have 'heard try to, Singi !-,Mr. ^ J^PQld, as a roaster of course, made T. "J®*? with-the character he play&d;, Mr, upjeton was exceedingly dismal aathere hmu ®anlui8^ who; however, so far as i! w ®®e' had no need to bfe dlsmaL If fon \ .^.^w^V'out of all the itot two; itTt, Particular approval, yon would' vhiv- me^t®0n that of little Miss Leopold, i 18 always prettily arch, and Miss a ^nce ®kter, whose dancing is graceful in, unite. beyond 'that which tiie con- i riJ?0 use of the term denotes. This «f tu Were piotureaque, and some ratio 8ce7lery wus; picturesque with qoalifi-! vitk!''. ^ 80®e hf it waa unpicturesque = K,»<»tahyquahdJ5a^! \ 6t n'Xpo8bt®oll <^ and iMrs. Baldwin at atnnr*'01^®*8 ®^y <»pthWie8 to 'draw large however Igood,! depfenSs&bnly; ' -waraftketot;TBAldwih' is a good entertainer in the sense of keeping ' everybody's attention alive. He id quick, ;and shrewd, and witty. His wit, pernkis,'has not always an epigrammatic point, but it has point for all that. .If you like you shall: call it Yankee wit, but it certainly amuses yon, and what is still more to the purpobe, it con vinces' you, that is to say, if you do hot obstinately shut the doors of your under standing and refuse to let in conviction. The Athenaeum Ghost Btill revisits the glimpses of the lime-light. The musical events of the week include little Miss Willetts' pleasant concert on Saturday night at theTown-hall, and the per formance by the Philharmonic Society at the Bame place on Tuesday of the lhte Mr. Horsley's cantata of "Euterpe." Also, at the Richmond Town-hall on Friday, an amateur entertainment, at which, among other items, was that of a violin solo by a young lady who appeared as Miss Vaientina. TAHITE. 