A corrospondcnt lat-raWdy'Crieli, writes: "The contemplatdpfcha~stbof ~the0iMolobnurti ai.d' lob. son's Bay Railway by-th-Government is looked upon" by men .of.llinaded{o?%opinion in South Gippsland-as a wise and-judicious- strokleof ~ilicy. The want of di?d c d~banln icdtion ,ii the Metro polis is now eferywTic'ro elt,uand any chance of its accomplithxhentlis weldomedi With;iesedii~~d.( neo iet this dilliculty, be, prercome, and 1passable roads made, and Brandf Cteek will 'realise some at least of the wild predictions of its future greatness." " is rumored thnt a real ghost has been seen at J eong, butthsr sdents s iW 1wait for con flt'rStlbon fromi tle usual authentic source, when tlfey; nljpilllbbil e Informled o fa t lto partiuulars of theo.tpovoments of ,the "notorious" ghost; as it S stsifea~lih' it has appeared to a "distinguished foreigner" who will chronicle the details in his own Inmgua?Le We shall be satisfied to interyiew-the golihiin ?nd.]apartmie'nt: suited · for its %eeeptidh ' which is under the control of Sergeant McKee. We understand that arrangementsarg being mado by residents of fandenoig for the delivery of a lecture at an early daItbe the Rev. Father Kelly, The ev.'gentleman's nbilit'e as a lecturr are known, and, when the dat is fied,' wie auteipate. a crowded auudiene to hcuia. jsijw.' The lectui~ejaill bo"delieh ;ed' in' thes 'piblih " hal 'k'n'own as 4tle feohanicp' Institute., Firther particlars ,will be nadeo know?i'iitIth'~ pi~per tine by' 'thse who are taking actioin'tlie atter ..:I:",: .. /rri ?'Z?... :Tdibe 'deputation appointed by the Cranbourno Council to wait on the Commissioner of Public Works, to request that a grant be allowed to assist in te re-construction of the Tobin Yallock bridge, iis;en nWednesdayv, introduced to Mr. Pattersoo by 3tr Dixon MI. They r'epresented that a largo ainiositht-f?isettle.int had recentlj takhn' plaie outsile the bounilaries of the Shire, and the trafllic from ti?hnow.A elections was cutting up the roads, while the selectors could notbe alled upon to eon triblutl anything towards the expensp of maaitning thiem".' It was pgjitki?-i? tlha t±,olbiLYnlloakl bridge was very much out of repair, and there were no funds for putting it in order. Mr. Patterson, in re ly, said, the department were taking steps to pt ide forth eqo b?ebsTt ionro wads eaiding'oUi"t Mdond ll's Tid h ' Sine t1ie loussing of the ftoaM Government Act the Departmient did not usually n-e nta? i?applieationas?or ansistanncs fromreocalo bodes, unTss the case was an exceptional one. il~i~ponmight.boeIsb;?ongidered; aSdrZiheIthought, therefore, he could recommend that something Sshould'be-done-towards-repairing-the- bridge;and at the samte time ?u?gested that the settlers in the outlyhin'iitritr "io ferred to take steps to be incor porated in some Shire... The Municipal Surveyors' Board have granted certificatesyf service t')V. _r·Bryqi5n o?sImber well, and Thomas O'Brien of Templestoweo; and it' ji ihbtifibdrn the Gazetle that the palepers sent in in May last are not of sufficient merit to warrant the s.u ",ortif teasilltt; ,,a" rt The Berwick Police Court will, in future, sit at eleQ n oa 'linistfea' of at noon, as heretofore. It is notified that the Drouin Post office has [ln inbiangedtfo Jii~diyak) and ~1s Drouin Junction office to Drouin. The change is a very desirable one! fer ýaithertoDinroinnandjDrouiss Junction have been taken by 'many' peple .for the same post office, ard much equfasion basbeetp causqd.,, .,I, ' The reservation of land for public purposes at 'Phtlip'Ishiandekeree-4eh'o lur issue of June 5th, lpti?ppounded at Cranbourne Shire Pound, 27th June, 1878 :-Ono-brown-mare,-switeh-tail,-branded LS near shoulder,jS sidewise over U off shoulder. T'ý ýý,,3'ld' on? 3?. M? ,A circtlar.has beet{issiued- by the Edlucation Dk patment td the ec'tat the Mlliitmster "of Education considers it undesirable that teachers of State schools should compete with the trade in the b~idhof' rieadiii'i'"kikAJilunti 'dulher school requisites, and that he has accordingly ordered that after the ltofor July, in localities where school books and re quisites can be purchased from tradesmen at rates not exceeding those atlwhich- theteacherlcouldlsiip ply them, the sale of such articles by teachers shall beo strictly prolhibited.oIlf,?qfowpq}~rithisTfound that .?ulicholars do iu"bt purchase suitable copy books, th Meinister will permit the sale of these as hereto adequate ?ifi a>1 os`stplflyt becomes iiecessary dor ,taoh ers to keep a stock of school requisites for sale tie prices lpar'f3rgto the scholars must not be .tuire thal'li'fell oc,?teover the original cost with -tho-expense of carriage added. A fatal.aegide;tritoc-ýredff Saturdue evening, at South, Brightons t, a nmarket .gardone~e;named lenry .JIeinrik,, whilst!returning?,dfroi fimarket. lWhelh a short distance lmsttheiPlouglvand Hanioiro HIttel the .cart was capsized, througl some unex "plain'ed oa isdbibrying thid:orturiate`oa?;.?u bkineath t ad the load of dung it contined arind so k'lig him3,.[fThoi deccasedtresided at? i'plaiod:~clled sTwo •AcreVilli?ge; near Cheltoeihamo and'lIave& i"wiil?'is? and siz yLoung hlld n .i 3-i;aH o - lqqr : A ~he retiring members in the Cranbourne Shire at Councior Patterson; Ynallo ii Councllor Crichton; Lyndhurst, Councillor-Facer;- Messrs. Patterson aid Facey, we uudertaud,,will offor themselves for re-election. I -, Q, . Il Itseemsrathllecrirce kabh thmt .tat thcsame igft ngi of ,the Cranbournc, CounOil;atwhiblhsthe, Lands Departmentiduentand'itaii?turn,` oft aliecloseed' ?ad in the district a letter should be received from the same Department decliningto alpen : rnad closed by their authority and refusing to assist in providine other.laudto emhlke a roadinistedd'tid"iac6ihinodate tlhepblic traffic.. _t . There was only on5-deht'a se on the list at the Cranbouno dourt on $~-tua y, F. Sparks v. Chas. Trver , goods-£4-6s. 6d.,-inmwh htberearwa n p. pc?frale--A`'laie htcrls'?iecensewais granted to Aduam R. Smith .of 'Jeetho 'iressrs. Lecky and uHtti r wpre the Magistrates on the Bench. during tih'bivr'b brief 'sittiii -L : i " ? S A?s ...l . .. l ' "di W. J. Clarke Esq., th?elcviathan landholder up at Sunbury,'lliae.hhi'lddll -er'hi's'le'j'e l for about £6000 to the Government, as Ihis contribution to tle. tt(to,)thrug e sitio bf(t land tx,:t!ia_ is levied on all large laiided proserties. The nesw Shireo' ll ~p aPt thasoint is not to oeb o ~benedas amere od rbel' tter as -hiPed-1nl~ t itny.td' d number, o f,,~ theires.n..ts, to1 ball, and+ siepper ,?, ellebrate efb ,l comipletiion" and opening of' the . b,,u ,,: . - ifr. ' ._e.,,i.r b,' ,' ,i u i h7. ! tAslhis usualiwith'ahbiost.overy act of tlide icesdiits Government, what they did last.wee.k in a ej'timg tenders_ tot the suppl . of water ripes as this.wcekj beenpannnlled.i ,t ,ill be recolleutedthit,the tth deis swerb!,thoseiofimporters and.lannapsarentl masinaryi boly knolin ·'iil tlie ~astmilani'Pi~poCo opany, A l :thighl.'tliieid d st'I hbee o?? ?;vxof. r some' £18,000: by' 'ciiptii 'the foirdbr' thes lattr as eon'tc .. i. e da} "lastth n m? drs u ?? the Company waited uLpon the Commissionaer`of PublieovVorks anid explainei.thdtlthe? ats.!'"'oti"t.\ position to take up their'rontract, having " no works, ._o, site,.no plant.' It. has.. therefore-been decided to purchase fronm the importers the supply at peewrrt upsetlm d At a sub-conimdjttfe mlittig Of ,tltdlMeehanic's Institute, Berwick,leldr.ecuntly relative to having a new buiidi orectedunit fýiop?? a publioull, to 'unanielouiy that il effort-be made to rry it out, hand othat a public mretins ho o thee tmlrd to.aopes jnecessar:-tae' crry"gsiihd t]o'iiaw '8f tlis i'rjidents. oners,? of a th . to geier i support. 0 i -Assess work, enuitl;ads ?is-tor?g?f tlie Seais to be publishedin Aeurica:nshrtly..An agoet-foa the publiaetrisi, daa?,a p i.Teleini. o ,bew Cra:bouirn','islA'n s lisid wI 's-ei dln n has obtained ordei foalarger sa number of ecopies :of th e work. .The hsooi' llob, aorcompreh1eensiv recotl ofall?notanbledJmarirly '.xditiadn; a'd wrill onatin complrete in.fomaithion of all the kinown wonders tof thls c I'toPaeht qi.uin about 300 :plates, and the spccicn as bei exhibted ao ofg a remyoedtbes tin' elludieto We sacduu ltion dosthag .thel nok"1is hikely'to" li C sxte''iii-cl# .Oiibuhaedt ian'.thae rodisthcts, a lOif' thbieiir iss bfO het laiige are' rallsea' it .illahe'veru~s ?bli abe ?rl?O'rk'. ' t "ioe riring C sunc iosin.ftha ·unusiek Sh" in Augst next will be Councillors BoiurmoS,(thouPrcsij dlnt), Buchunans,,ned Barry.,.It is.stattedth-d?aia prObabillt- of Mr. A..Smithl coates~tibg'thuhbietiibei' for te vacaney in Pukcnhiam +Ridhig.Counciler Bourke has been remarknbly rculnr in his attend ance at- ifsetin?,iof thiqTi c'se?~iesil: j snff3K [cen energdic ?'inliis xcetions'? as lereprie'ntotiv?e of A great nnismnce which has" existed too long in the towantupi of, C.qhn oro'rn a " at last .abopetto be removed. We allude to the accumulation of stag nant wapte on the lower side of the streetwhich is nost oiy niurious to se public health but .iinsd . it'iruiposiblb 't'gt .t the ' places . business .ti-x, oat +waiig opso the' aneles:iu mud n sad sbme., The mut? ,W.'a? asini befdre t ahb. ?-.eild, os' Sateurslav differeiice of opuiion 'n to w) bihthee t deras re quiredhami.?di b bbe alosdd sor opene '. . t .:d3·is.ic,,bb'.l"eiss L ,r+j..L Messrs. Egan Clarlke had a good sale at Mrs. Young's late residene Springfield, on Satirday last, ohebi theydispbsed of the furniture, &.' The pro pertv was previously disposed. of by private sale, for £1800; which is not a very lhih price for sucha very iice place.e There wans a very nuo erous attei dance fitthe sale on; Saturday, aend tho:various lbor It is rumoured at Dandenong that an aytion for £300 damages for defaimatio iofohawccter is likely to be iheard shortly in the Supreme Court, the mparties being well- known local residents. The grounds for E1h _ l i.nrl >lIaed from an occurrence in the bar of an hotel, and there may not be much in it. It will be amuch cheaper for all concerned to settle it where it originated. ,UiasPB As iteiCSTAfT5O0'At:thtliai, meet' ing of the Berwicl Council a mmuniation was read from iMr. Buin, suggesting that the Council shonld.t kethe:iiecessary- stpsuto providoilightas6n the road leading to th?e Railwnay Station, the ad vantage of which cannot be doubted, as it is very awkward-even for people to whom the road is wll-?f o _td,'step out-intor a'darkbrm oad.;-" The letter was not received particularly favorably, at all events the action taken was not satisfactory to Mr. Bain, who at once, apparently, put himself in com munication 5 itli"th5 railcay authiiolritis, suggesting the desirability ,o..lamnpsbeing provided for the accommodation of thle 'ublic. The result is a' 3Mr, Bain.forhaving brought the subjcqtf forsard, and promising to puta limp :at the Station. The latt?r¶'vill'1Stiittendcd-to;:bt no actidi has been taken .by the.Comncil to.prode the other lights so' mu¢e.fd?liii'? be~vcc tieethetatioii idvtlie. town-; ship..' The followSing,reply has, been received by Mr. Bainiiin ?rely is6 his' 'pplicatiiooi'to thedepart merit: " "Sir-ri replt to your letter of tlhe,17th ult., drawing ;atthntion, tq othei necessity .of, placing a lamp at the entrance to the Berwick station from tbhe Clyde.road, I. have, th6 honor to.,info,,n you Lthat it, i4:is conside adsisablbe to have a lamp at thel sq' ttithielaanse.,titme to etprcss my thanks for yoi?u'cormni?ntioi,, I have, tlihe honor to' be, Sir, Yoi inoit mus elibScit servant, Jt : G. LAneavonse, Secretary ..-?lil~awys d a sid~h Rhds Departmii nt, iet el bourne, 4th',Til ?." "i -?,mC~ n Dune I ai· an u u ia -· mi; 