A Pt^i F0ii: THE' CELTIC' LAWGUi/iGB ^;:. AND LITEEATUES.; ? ; ; ? ; rV!J ' ; ' '. rCoNTBIBOTED.] ' ; ' ' . ' We leam.tha1sM)r..Blaclae.. 13 getting on fa mously-with-liirj «? Chair of Celtic' m Edm, burgh; i Energetic ,meaaurea.. are also being Sonted iu Ireland iti the. same. direction., Why SSStabiish a -Chair of Celtic- at one^ the English' univeroities, and anotho? .vx.oae Sydney University? To let the Germans op an up for us the.fielda of Celtic literature would be a national disgrace, which they certainly wiU do if wedoHotexerbovu'tjelves. . , ,. . Connected' wi«hia, newborn Geman ^1 , for Celtic literature, ttte.-moiy goi'*, ™» -- ( Commission- of -1852 for. '.-publidxins .die ancieno , laws -oTIreland,'\ on which, sat iLord.Eonce,: Lord j ? th- proper people to open thorn to -;ho- world. . JudSu? from Jilngland'n-Iiabitual treatment of evSSing distinctively Jriah,- ..the ..wory io i: hi-hly probable, and . spoiKg ? how Government; Sted in 18^9 in reference to.thcGtow MSS, we | ™Z S err-' tlio ????.hn-^ .v/oxild noyov hayo boon I 3 SSiv tfoVcvh.-Poel, with' his uaiial ? aftl^a to buy the Du% of Bucldng ,. Ss to MSSo few tlio Bntob Muceum. ] r ? ? — . . ' ? : — -—? — r— ; ; ..... ? a LordMacaulay,a museum trustee and Celt hater, who knew as much about Gaelic MSS. as he did of Turanian inscriptions at Ninevehj re plied : 'There's nothing at Stow worth buying but Lord Melville's correspondence on the American war,' and so Lord Ashburnham and not the Museum bought the Irish MSS,, and he will allow none to investigate them, lest by ao doing their value should be deteriorated in view of a future sale. We are told, however, that till they are studied, there must be always several unsettled points in early Celtic literature. Though under the circumstances detailed, presuming them to be correct, we cannot feel grateful to the British Government for the pub lication of the Senchus Mor, yet we are not the less rejoiced at the event. That invaluablo work throws a flood of light on the pre-Christian civilization of Ireland, and however it. may be, that the Roman law put together in the fifth century B.C. has been deeply respected every where, and the Brehon law put' together in the fifth century. A.D. has been generally treated with contempt, yet on investigation it.will.be found that this contumely is the child of ignorance, prejudice and bigotry,and that a very Brehon law by those who were competent to pronounce a just opinion. First I submit St Patrick's judgment. Here is the account of how he ratified the Brehon law : ' The judg ments of true nature, which the Holy Ghost had spoken through the mouths of the Brehons and just poets of the men of Erin, were all shown by Dubhtach (Duffy, chief poet of Erin) to Pat rick. What did not clash with the Word was confirmed in the law 01 the Brehons by Patrick, and by the clerics and chieftains of Erin ; foi1 the law of nature had been quite right, except the faith and its obligations, and this is the Senchus,' After the abundant misrepresenta tions of centuries, let us hear the dictum of a modern Oxford professor, Sir H. S. Maine, -tie writes :— ' Why the English common law and the Brehon, starting from the same original body of Aryan custom, should have followed such different paths in development,, history must tell ; and when it is impartial, history tliU not attribute the difference to native faults, of Irish character.' Among other things which the Irish laws deal with, may be mentioned building, illuminating, enamelling, silk dresses, lap dogs, chess boards, and the clothing of foster children graduated according to their rank, Satin and scarlet are for the son of the King of Erin, and silver upon his scabbard, and brass rings' on his' hurling sticks, end breaches of gold with crystal in serted. ? They tell of armour, too, of drinking cups, os bridges and weirs, and mills, and kilns, and pounds (of these last there was a whole sys tem to meet the elaborate requirements of their law of distress), of trenching* and v/alling in T,~nA i--f 1nv-of.ir-ri r\? liriqnif.nla fi-hfiqfi Were to have four doors and a stream of water running ! through them), whilst about the property of'! ?married women they 'show a degree of progress , to which the Englishlaws have only recently 'at- tained. Most elaborate too are t'.ie class dis tinctions, from the ard-rigfa or chief-king to tlie lo-aire, cow gentleman, who became enno :'bled by possessing for seven yeara twice the property of 'the Ipwes'fe rank of noble, down to to the juidiher or broken man from, another tribe, who is allowed to settle on the. chief's domain.-' 'To call the people who possessed such. lav/3 barbarians, is to put darkness for light, anfi bitter for sweet. : Theirs was no merely mate - rial superficial- 'civilization, but a deeply perva ding one, that saturated society. : ? ? In view of the fact that the Irish lived as a liter aril ^¥'We ^n 'which men thought, and. . wrote'the matter of their thought, till less than .'owo centuries past, the agencies at 'present at work for its revival, and the circumstance that i'j has by no means ceased to be a living lan« 'guage, there. is no. reason why it may not re- ' Bume its place as a' literary language. Among Ooher 'indications of. the increasing appreciation foi'. it, may be mentioned that students from London and Oxford: now resort : to Tuamfo learn 'the :irish;'j that Dr. J. H. Newman gave; ,-'400 coward 'putting O'Oui- ry's voluminous mat ter in order, and that Dr. Hawthorn To dd sent the same O' Curry at his 6v/h cost to copy the Irish MSS. in bhe Barjundepn College at Brus ;celsf o:ad in St. Isidore's College at llora'e. _ J As some' relief, to the foregoing details, which to soine rapjy have appeared eomewhat dry,' I nubioih thefollowinaestractfrom the :c ' Dialogue -of Oisin and; Patrick,' ' which admirably por trays the reckless, rollicking, pagan poet and warrior^ 'who deplores the past, and cannot reconcile himself to the new order of things in troduced by Sfe, Patrick. Even when threatened with hell, Oisia says iiQ can't be. worse off than he is; . ' '.' '.' It is1 punishment enough for me from, thy God To be among his clerics as I am, Without food, clothing, music, Without bestowing gold on b'ardsy . ? ' Without the cry of the hounds,: and the sound*1 ing horns, \ ???-.?.; ?Without guarding Iiavans or ports, - ??? Amid the hum of psalma and harsh clang of ??-: beiis,-. ' ? : :' ??? - ? ? - - Oil for all thai; I ''Buffer, I forgive thy. God wih .'?' linglff.' '?': . -?;; ; ' ;' :- - ?' ; ' '?- ' '. \- And again, : '?'? ' ; ?''?.- ' ? ?' . cs O Patrick of the white crazier lately come ? The hum of thy' lips is not pleasant to me, I shall bitterly cry, but not for God ; _ , But that JTion and the Feme'- are no t_ alive, : ' That the wooing generous women is over, the. play, and .'.'.-:' ??'..'? '„ ' ' The unfolding of banners in the battle's front, ' The playing- of chess, and the. swimming, Aiid tho welcoming of all at the festive board.' ' . Irrespecfcive of other reasons,- it is- desirable [ ou purely historic grounds, that the masts of i : Irifjh MSS, scattered throughout Europe should j i'be unearthedj and Borne of themat least '-trans- j lated, and given to fche world. Much light from ' this source would probably .be thrown on the; condition, moral, social, and political, of Western Europe anterior to the Roman domination. 