A NEGRO PREACHER ATTACKING SCIENCE WITH FAITH. ** [WASHINGTON POST.] Punctually at . eight o'clock on the night of the 29th April the Eev. John Jasper as. cended the stage of Lincoln Hall and was introduced to a rather slim audience by J. W.. Johnson. This celebrated! Baptist cler gyman, who has grown in notoriety with the rapid crowth of Jonah's conrd. is nhnnfi five feet ten inches high, sinewy and well* made, with a round bullet head aot firmly on strong square shoulders. His black and 'glossy forehead slopes abruptly arid steeply from the eyebrows, which' are shaggy, pro minent' and jutting, above deep-set eyes that, when the preacher gets well down to hia work, fairly burn with luminous light. . His face is oval, with the advancing chin of the negro, but his features are quite shapely and strongly marked. A shaggy beard and moustache cover hia faoe. His feet are short but very broad, with a high instep and no aroh. He was dressed in a black cutaway coat and dark clothes, and wore gold studs in bis shirt front and gold-bowed spectacles on his nose. Hie voice is a strong muBical tenor of much power, but, in ita ordinary tones, thick and muffled. There is a greafi deal of magnetism abonb the man ; he is thoroughly m earnest, and at a colored camp- ' meeting would' gather in the converts at at rate to gladden the souls of Wesley' or Whit, field. His style is eminently adapted to the wants of his congregation, and only lacks' cultivation to be singularly powerful and' effeotivo. He ia essentially dramstio, and bis descriptive *? powers nre.'/pictorial /.ami/ graphio to a' high degree. He ia an ttncon acions humorist. Withal, he is a logician of no mean rank, and- reasons from his, premises to bio conclusions with a force and ^direct^ ness that only need cultivation and informa tion to be of convincing weigh b and' influ- ence. Opening- bis meeting with an old fashioned hymn, in which the audience joined, he read the 114th Psalm, and called on Mr. Johnson tojjray. Then he arose and said he 'would prove that the tmnjdo stand Btill, proyo it from the leda.of the Bible.' He 'didn't know nothin' about outsiders; and dealt only with God's word which war' writ by holy men inspired by the spirit of ..^.ad, moved upon by the Holy Ghost and uathorised by God's authority to light a lamp for the feet and prepare a guide for the path.' Ho was not a grammarian,' and had 'never been to school in his life except seven montliB thumbing of a New York spelling-book, but had beeu directed to studying the Bible, and aaked God, for Jesus Christ's sake, to lighten him.' He then described his conversion, his entrance into the ministry and the manner in whioh he was brought into this argument. Ho bad preached it by request four times, on each occasion his white hearers increasing in number. Then warming with his subject, and rising equal to the emergency, he plunged into the famous sermon which has carried the name of Jasper all over the country. 'Ladies and gentlemen,' said he, 1 ' before proving, as I have been formerly do, that the sun do move, I shall go into Egypt extensively, and after devouring my subject will then travel into Canaan and show by the Lord's own mouth that the son gets up in the morning in the east, whar you kin see him if you wants to, and goes over houses and trees and territories and co'fc-houses till he goes down in the west, whar he hasteneth back again to the starting- place. Now that the Lord ia a man of war, just take notice'of Exodus xv., 3, and'scuse mo for meandering around in Egypt, for I shall not undertake to prove that the sun do move until I get over into Canaan. From tho creation until the flood when the Lord drowned everybody but Noah and bis family- was sixteen hundred and fifty-six years. Then four hundred years after, whon the world got de-multiplied with people pretty thick like, the Lord took Abraham out of the land of Haran way' from his kindred and relations who was idolators, after giving him a son he made up his mind to try Abram's faith. It was aso'ce of pleasure for Abraham — excuse ine for calling him Abraham ; his name was Abram, but it comes kinder pat, but I don't mean it — to look at young Isaac, but the Lord said, says ho, ' Abram, tako do boy up to Morias' mounting, and strap to a pi!o of logs for a burnt sacrifice/ Now, if Abram had been a philosopher, and hadn't had unshooken con fidence he'd have said, 'Lord, if I stick my knife in young Isaac's troat whar ye gwine to get another boy of mine through whom to bices the human race ?' But Abram wasn't a philosopher ; he heard tho Lord, he sad dled his ass, he rode to Morias' mounting, and was jess ready to make a burnt sacrifice of Isaac, when an angel of do Lord — I don't know hia other name— called out to Abram, 'See here, old man, that's enough; don't kill the boy. Thar'a an old ram got caught by tho horns in tho thioket over thar, make a burnt sacrifice out on him !' And Abram he bogot Isaac, and Isaac he bogot Jacob, aud Jacob he begot twelve sons, and they all went down into Egypt's land, whar Iv'e been , -meandering all thiB time. Thar they stayed k four hundred years, and thar God said to Mosea one day, ' Moses, I . have heard the prayers and seen the tears and watohed tho cares and pitied the fears of my people down in Egypt, bo you go down to tho royal tewn, tell Pharaoh, bound with the lust of the Crown; tbat I' say, let my people git.' But Moses hemmed and hawed, and said, ? Sir, I ain't well enough acquainted down^, there.' And the Lord says, ? You aint, aint you ? Well, take Aaron, the Levite, and he shall be my speechman, to tell Pharaoh to let my people go.' So Moses ho -went down and told Pharaoh, and Pharaoh, nothing would do for him till they let the frogs on him. Then he got scared, I tell you, but it took the lice and the darkness aud the destroying angel to work him up to tho sticking-point. And then when he did let them go he was eorry, and went after thorn with six hundred chariots filled with colonels and captains. And the Lord said to Moses, 'Jess tell your people to stand on one side - and look at me, for I'm gwine to do the fighting this morn ing ' And the Lord said . to one of the angels, ' Angel, git down thar and unscrew Pharaoh's lynohpin, and take off his stern wheel ?' And the angel did so, and then Pharaoh said, ? Let's git, . boys, the . Lord's doing this fight, I tell you.' And he wont to go, but the east wind came on, and whar, oh whar, was Pharaoh? Then Moses he died and Joshua took command, and the Israelites were beaten at the city of Ai. And wharfor? Aohon, the son of Zeri, stole a magnificent Babylonitish garment and two hundred and fifty shekels of silver and a gold wedge, and hid them tinder his bed. Joshua nent out three thousand men — I forgets now, it was three thousand or three hundred ; — anyhow they got whipped, and. Joshua fell on his face and prayed, and the Lord saidj 'Git up, Joshua, what's the matter with you?' And Joshua said, '0, Lord, they licked us!' And the Lord said, 'Of coarse they did. Take that curaed thing away., Hain't he got that Babylonitish garment ? Hain't he got two hundred and fifty shekels of silver ?' Then they killed Achon and his family and went after the city and took it. Then the Gibernites played a trickon JoBhua to save their lives, and two or three days after some of the neighbors sent word and said to Joshua : 'Joshua, them fellows ain't foreigners, they live around here and have taken you in.' But the five Kings of the Amonites, having a quarrel with the Giber ites, came down to fig&t; them, and the Jews buckled to them. They fit, and fit, and right here. I'm gwine .to prove to you by this blessed book that the Bun do move, suah ! For Joshua said, *Lofd, tho battle can't be foute boforo the sna goes down behind the -? ? western hills.' And the Lord said, ' Joshua, tell the sun to stand Btill upon Gibcon, and thou moon, in the valley of Ajalon.' So tho aun stood still in the inidBt of the heavens, nud hastened not to go down about a whole day. Do you want any moro proof than that? Tako Hezekiali, where tho sun went back ten degrees. And Solomon say?, in Ecclesua'.ca, 1st chapter, Gjh verso, 'Tho -V sun ' arise th and the Bun gosth down and J haateneth to hitf'plfice whVre he arose.'- Now } ?Solomon was a sinart man,' and know some thing,' and is entitled .to respect, and that's what he says. . Nowj ii;l- want to dak the grammarians something. What is the mean ing of the word arise ? Don't it mean some thing that gosB downstairs, or gets up and moves about? If 1 havun't proved that the ena do more, then my name ain't Jasper ! Don't take my word for it, take. (Sod's. Ho says' so. VVill you make God a liar? But they say the earth moves, that the earth turns over. Pshaw ! An astronomer told me it turned over and over and ovor ! Why, don't you sea if it did, all the water would fall out of the rivers and we ail be drowned. Drowned! I tell you. And if the earth turned over, all the houses would tumble down and the territories turn over, and you and I would be standing on our heads half the time ! It's nonsense ! I have provod by the Bible that de sun do move. The Bible was cherished by our fathers ; we kin not do better than cherish it ourselves, and teach our children to cherish it. But don't believe that the earth turn3 over, for you know that you can't stand on your head all night.' So saying, the Rev. Jaspor banged the Bible to gether, and walked down to the railing, where he received the congratulations of scores of black admirers. 