THE LATE MR. WHALLEY. (From tho Spectator.) tion It °f Mr: Whal% wffl bo th. cjttrnc I lu'0'' th° 6id0 of Mr S, . excellent and independent county -StomVthat tended ^ SdiVr,! f ® hu niorbid fears of Borne seem tt°;!r",u ^tsight °£ th<> "».»<> * Com. Miis ev^'fc j'8 traV8stio °f U>o»e fears. i,00n 68,3 thttt Mt- Nowdegato rc «/mi m"°5' 08 *«>.eWMttrjrof Homo, fl?tr "T"'"'0- 10 0Ut-HeTd the Pro "? aa to paralyso hin huntln in Poetical England. And the hypothec would Wvin/tV6^ -',U '*>* h .beyond ha powers of humanity for any one to ac^' and act well, through life, a part ho thoroughly despised, for the purpose of bring mg others to dospise jt too. If such a being could be ho must at least show, by glimpses, jaigns of the Herouleaa moral forco that would alqne suffice to play such a part; and assuredly good Mr. Whultoy nover showed signs of any ^"f;H°r0Ut!an 0f ,any ^ fat lass of the S n,T'Ttl ,v ,eep on tucfl a mask as "imoet incessant ridicule f?°55v "m0'1 "m, ttro»fc'l' a long public life, if . JUr. Newrtogate ever seriously held this tafott Bht' if hHlley' fhe wa» certainly mis .taken. . But it was not an unnatural view for one in his position to take: Mr. Whalley did more to make the HOUBO of Commons impatidnt e«r wT f "l" antVC"t,lrJi" T» than ever Mr. Isewdegato could do' to make it ap. pear plausible. Indeed, it; was only perhans Jecause Mr. Whalley did not got into l'arliit: mont till just after the Ecclesiastical Titles Act was.passed, that that Act was ever passed ?" .j His advocacy would surely have de bated it. I«o wonder it was suggested that he furtb? , -y °'itlloUo wiIe. to prevent any nV,lipvr °-rvn8T u "" aeSre»t>'vo Proteatant pol'cy.^Thisat all events, was the real use of his political lifo Mr. TVhalley was nevcrtlie a thoroughly respectable and even a courageous man, with a tincture of law and; not without a faculty for . business' . £".i. 5. a ok' for "'Stance on the " law CoTn!!utlltl°n>" and was an Assistant i.itne Commissioner for elevon years. He was ona of the earliest students of University Col 3e' JJ.°u 2°' wb.ere- BS "Do<i" records, l,e gained the first jinzo w ? and Meta physics, soon after th« opening of the College -a fact which means, in all probability-if we }"?/ J^8?,by the experience of-a few years later-that he was the hardest-working student in a rery dull class of some four or five ynunir men, whom Professor Hoppus drilled in Scotch and German psychology. And possibly it was that unfortunate study which gave him that was towards occult and abstract explana tions of political tendencies to which, he owed flia.after-fame, as a denouncer of Jesuit plots and a friend of " the unfortunate nobleman"' whp was supposed to be the victim of such a plot Metaphysics, when they take hold at all, as tbey sometimes do, of a mind not naturally given to fino distinctions, arc very apt to twist it into a most dangerous habit of explaining ovents by imaginary motives. There is no enect of metaphysics so dangerous to minds not metaphysical, as the tendency it has to promote tho invention of a priori master-keys for the explanation of human events. The theological mare's-nest has tar more fascination for a tenacious but rather purblind mini, of somewhat less than average strength, than any other kind of maro s nest. And Mr. Wballev had a tenaci ous and opinionative mind. His horror of Womamsra was opiniouative, not like Mr. Newdogat* s, Conwjrvativo. Mr. Newdegato is the old hnglinh squire who believes in Church j v 8 bec:lusu llis fathers have so believed and who has some vaguo conviction that if Kome exerts her full influence in thin country, hcgluu Gquires will no longer rido gtraight to hounds as they hare been accustomed to do L' i c?n?r.°£"4t(! in dark corners, and be ashamed of their old amusement* and their old duties. But Mr. Whalley's horror of Roman ism was of a very different type. It was the opinionative horror of one who regarded Kotnanism aa the keen Dissenters regarded; it rather than as the Tory nationalists: regarded it- Kotnauism he looked upon less ,as anti knglish, than as wielding a sort of wierd spell over the understanding and. tW.: conscience! Homo was to. him not so much a foreign.Power a» a bad magician, who: thrcatoued to poison all the purest fountains of tho mind. He wii« a Liberal, and a steady Liberal, on all ques tions which did not excite this feeling of paiiic. But on these questions, bis mind, became dim, turbid, suspicious, and irritable. Even thu ridiculo and impatience of the House of. Com mons only tended tho moro to convince him that ho was right. When utcuaeious man has possessed himself, of a^masterlkev to all tho most interesting questions" of tho day, tho world cannot laugh liimVut of his belief, for ho takes tho laughter of tho world as a new testimony to l»s Jaith. Thera is no possession-or shall we s iy, . obsession?-in existence, like tho obsession of a tenacious straightforward, rather, feoblo-iiiind by uii'ab stract opinion, which is taken up from pre p#isuiMiiuiiB and prejudices, And confirmed by tho easy triumphs ot u little so-called indepen dent investigation.^ ; ' : Tho House of Commons will miss Mr. Whalley, not morely becauso they always felt at liberty to play pranks with him, to call upon him to sing the objectionable-Roiuar.ist verses which ho occasionally, quoted, to cliaff him un mercifully for his boliof in " Sir lioger," and all. ;'8ir, Roger's '' English and Australian mare's nests, and generally to regard' his' speeches as signals for a universal romp,-but ?still moro, wo' think, because his death takei away from tho Home of Commons a reallr' quaint'figure, which contributed to give it' whatever picturesquaucss and distiuet'nesa the House still rotaius. If Mr.' Whalley's" chief political belief was a kind of cant, as it was it ' was yet .absolutely eiucere cant. ' It waB cant only in the genua in which truo opimonativenesB -which has not d'jpth of soil enough to become conviction, may, still bo called cant. Conviction in the emotion with which the mind hows to truths which it recognises (is entirely above and beyond it,-aa commanding its homage and obedience,.- while opinionativenesa is the inability to refrain from harping on a string which has got itself bo thoroughly ingrained .into the mind, that there would almost be a loss of personality in the sudden cessation of its vibrations. ^ And In this sense, Mr. Whalley'u anti-Catholic craze resembled opinionativeness more than convicticn. Bnt it was thoroughly and wholly sincere. Even those who wonld call his Parliamentary talk anti-Catholic cant, would mean by that phrase not in the least to impugn its sincerity, but only the power of the mind which gave utterance to it to consider gravely and calmly the possibility that it might all bo baseless. Sincere cant is the prejudice of minds which* have not had nerve and strength to mtraiu the desire to hold by their own favourite opinions only becanso they aro their favourites, and because they would feel desolate if deprived of them. But it is perhaps, only of a few. Members of the House of Commons that such. energy of mind as this could be expected. And it is not a triflo to say of a- man, that even if ho has not cleared life mind of cant, and hardly knows what tho effort would tneau, he is yet thoroughly Bincere, and speaks only what is in him to speak. And that clearly might be said of Mr. Whftlley. His mind was dim and adust, and his. imagination only just vivid enough to 1 be haunted by phantoms. He had not enough ima^uation to look phantoms steadily in the face. He lived in a world of political unreali- j ties. Ghosts of an ecclesiastical and metaphy- ' aical kind floated in the air he breathed, yet thc?o was an interest in the dim figure for that very reason. Not all men, and not all Members, have even imagi nation enough to be eo haunted, to live at all the dusty, unreal life of abstract alarms. There was a courage iu the man, too. He factd ridicule without shrinking. Ho could avow his allegiance to the cause of the most famous and accomplished swindler of modern times, in defiance of all the good- senna of the House, because, in his confused thought, he had become persuaded that the cause of that swindler was the cause of Protestantism too. When he thought a cause just, he WHS always ready to support it by personal sacrifices; and mu»ty as were the causes hi* morbid fancy supposed to be just,* that readiness is still a quality to be respected. Altogether, Mr. Whalley, meant something,-which a great many members o! Parliament do not. "What he represented, indeed, was nothing real, was, indeed, a confused and dim bundle of ill-assorted Philistine opinions,-but real or unreal, to that queer bundle of opinions he showed the fidelity of a martyr. Aud it is satisfactory.to be assured, that even whero the intellectual clothing of a man is as unsightly a bundle of old clothes as you could pick out of the old curioeity shop of cast-off garments, there may bo virtue aud maulin&is; and the spirit of a martyr displayed by the wearer, though it be in the cause of dusty cob* webs and fantastic suspicions. Tho House of Commons has not so many recognisable figures, that it cannot afford to regret even the Jesuit* haunted figure who dwelt iu the "Welsh watch tower, and conceived to himself the Roman Church as bendiug all its efforts to defraud a disreputablo convert from Romanism of his English baronetcy and estates. Disinterested zeal us dim and confused, and even as tho roughly wasted as Mr. Whalley's,ha8 neverthe a certain dignity, , in so motley an assembly of still vulgarer interests as the House, of Commons. : 