COUNTRY NEWS. [From our Country Correspondents.] BLINMAN, MARCH 11. Business is still very dull, and likely to con- <*> tinue so.—The thunderstorm was very partial. About an inch and a half fell here; Moolooloo Station, 10 miles north-west, got 2½ inches, and Oraparina, 20 miles south, only a few drops. It has freshened np the place a little round here; but unless another such rain comes this month what we have had will be of little use. —The North Star Inn has again changea hands, showing that-there is still some faith in tbe North. At all events we cannot get any slower as far as business is concerned. NAIRNE, March 13. On Monday, March 11, a tea meeting in con nection with the Wesleyan Sunday-school anniversary was held. In the afternoon and early evening the young folk mustered strongly on me Reserve, and indulged in various kinds of sport to their evident pleasure. In the evening a pablic meeting was held in the chapel. The Revs. Messrs. Laurence and Pope addressed the audience, and the children sang several selections during the evening. The total proceeds realised were, I believe, £11.— Some fool has been amusing himself for the past I week by playing the ghost, and frightening I timid women and girls. On Taesday night last : an attempt was made to capture nim, which nearly proved successful When caught, ponish ment «harp and summary will be meted out to him.—The weather has been cool and threaten ing for rain daring the last few days. Grass has sprang up in many places. Some of the hills are beginning to look quite verdant with the "livery of spring." NARRACOORTE, Mabch 0. The weather dating die last six days has been very hot, but on Monday evening a change took place, and some rain fell, but not much. The country all round is dry and parched up, and there are large cracks all over tbe ground. What we require now is a good steady rain for three or four days.—Last Monday even ing Mr. Geo. BeU, the Postmaster, favored the inhabitants of Narracoorte with a good display of fireworks. The night was well suited for it, and there was a large concourse of people. The display lasted over tw? hours, and everyone went home well satisfied with what they had seen. The second annual meet ing of tbe members of the Kincraig In stitute was held on Tuesday evening, March 5. The attendance was rather smalL Mr. H. J. Smith, SJf. (President), occupied the chair. The balance-sheet was read, showing the amount received to be £133 10s. 5d., and the balance now in hand £71 14s. 3d. The Chairman then read the report, which was of a very favorable nature. Mr. T.N. Wood (Treasurer), said the debt on the building was £313, and considering the ex pense of the piano he thought that the condi tion of the Institute was very satisfactory. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. A list of gentlemen recommended as officers for the ensuing year was made out, and the election is to take place at the next meeting. ROCHESTER, Mabch 11. This district was favored with a nice downfall of rain on March 5, but not enough to fill the dams, and carting has still to be done by many. Numbers of farmers are leaving for spots farther north, and in consequence there have been seven) sales. I bear we are likely to have a visit from Hayes 6 Benhamo's «hxus in the coarse of a few days. The materials for the fijoojunga bridge passed through here last week, and from tibe size of the loads will no doubt give the new bridge at Magpie Creek a good 