THE -AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN IN ENGLAND. By One of Them. THE EEIGHL12Y MATOH. ILeighley, 31sfc July. On Sundaj , the 2Sfch mst. , we left Urewe about half-past two, and reached Hud- dersfield 1)3 half-past six. \Ye had some refreshment at our old quarters, the George Hotel in that town, and in a couple of limn--' time arrived at Bradford, a splendidly-built town, vith a population of 250,000. Stopping there for the night at the Victoria, a handsome and commo dious hotel, we caught the teu o clock train next morning, and after an hour's journey were at our destination. The sceneiy all the way from Crewe to Brad ford is delightful. Well-wooded liills and sweet secluded valhs met our gaze at various points along the track, and in many instances we could see, perched lip on the liill tops and nestling amongst oak and elm tre'es, handsome houses, the posi tion of which brought to mind similar structures on the pleasant hills round Syd ney harbor. The Keighley cricket-ground, which is about a quarter of a mile round, is prettily situated in a most charming valle3". Hills rise up gradual 011 either side to the height of 500 or 000 feet. Every portion of them is under cultiva tion, aud each waving field of corn is di vided from the other 1)3" the usual haw thorn hedge, with which we are now as familiar as with the Australian post-and- rail. Eveiy county that we travel tlirough looks glorious fresh and green, for there is 110 scorching brickfielder to dry it as in the antipodes. YY e like the English twi light well, and it lasts so long that we find it is nearly time to go to bed before dark ness sets in. The weather for the past six weeks has been gloriously fine, perfect Aus tralian summer-time without the hot winds. We have- beautiful starry nights, but we miss the brilliant moonlight of the Southern s!;\\\ About one o'clock 011 Monday, the 2!lth, we commenced our match against eighteen of Heiglikgy and district. .Gregory tvou the toss from Yv'avimr, the local captain, and decided to bat. Tiie two Bauiiormans went in 011 a wet wicket against the bowling of Nash and JMynolds, the latter of whom we have already met at Hnnslct. Eaeh bowler was well 011 the spot, and runs came ver" sbi-.vbv ' - t sumo time. Gvaduallv, however, the elder brother warmed to his work, ami the lens rail up steadily. The scoring was principally in singles and doubles until thirl 3 appeared; and after that a succession of triplets to each batsman sent fifty in sight. Changes of bowling were frequently tried, but the runs came freely, and ui an hour and a half from the start 80 was 011 the board with 110 wicket down. By luncheon time tho score stood at HO with the two Ban- nermans siiii there. On resuming at three o'clock the elder brother soon came to grief, a breakback from Reynolds clean bowling him. The Sydney crack played a splendid innings for 5-i. He made one grand on-drive over the chains for 4, and gave two difficult chances, both hard straight hits. I — 54 — !>7. Ho ran followed, and hit tho first ball lie- got in line style for 3, causing tiie ceiit-my to appear. Again a long stand was made, each batsman playing steadih" and well, and 140 went up on the telegraph before a separation was effected, through A. Baimeriiian being caught at the wickets, after pffiying in his best form for 55, made without giving the ghost of a chance. Two tor 14o. Gregoiy was runout for a single, and Murdoch, who succeeded him, was also run out after making a brace. Boyle came next, but h.e had. also to depart when he had con tributed a triplet, Roberts bowling him with a leg-break. Spoflbrth play- ed wretchedly for 3, in making which he gave four chances. Garrett was caught first 1 ..-ell at point off Roberts, and Black ball! v.it-li Moral! kept possession of the wickets until time was called at six o'clock, the score then standing at 177 for seven wickets. I'lay was resumed at half-past twelve next day, and Ilorau, after adding a couple of doubles ofi Roberts, was bowled by Nash with a shooter. 8 — 47 — ISO. The retiring batsman played in first-rate style for his runs, which he made without giving a chance. Baile3" quiekl causcd the 200 to appear, and then lie was given out for a catch at the wiclcets, though the ball struck his pads 011I3. 0 — 17 — 20(i. Allan went in, but he had no time to show what he could do, for Biackham hit Reynolds up to third man. where Nash made a very smart catch. The Victorian keeper of tho sticks pla\Ted well for a dozen, and the innings came to a close for the respectable total of 200. Nash is a good loft handed medium pace bowler with a slight work from leg, and Remolds also bowls medium pace, but I with the right hand. Roberts bowls slow i uver-ai-m with a leg break, but he wasn't at ail diilieuit to negotiate. Tho lidding of tiie eighteen was excellent ihrougnout, particularly in the case of Sedgwick, who j in- liis dexterous movements at forward cover ran both Gregory and Murdoch out. The eighteen started their first innings at half-past one o'clock, and 113 luncheon time had lost six wickets for sixteen. .After luncheon Tobin played up splen- didlv. and made the excellent score of 49 I before a cannon shot from the demon dis missed him. Curious to mention, Tobin is amative born Australian, now at 810113- hurst College, about thirty miles from Keighley. He is a son of Mr A. Tobin, a Victorian squatter, and was formerly of St. Patrick's College, Melbourne. He ami 3onug M'Domiell, of the Melbourne I Cricket Club, were the cracks of the j school, and the former, I13 his translation j to England, lias gained both st_yle and ! good hitting powers. We -were all quite | pleased to think that one of our own i oouiuiymen should be the heaviest scorer ia-viiast us in this contest. Indeed, but fur him the total would havebeen extremely small, for he made 49 out of 192, and there were onh iwo other double figures, viz. , Bari-.a- k-.iA. Nack witU leu eacli. 'L'ebill ! was "rested with a perfect storm of applause I ou returning to the pavilion, and lie well deserved it I believe that he intends re turning to Melbourne shortly and I feel cortzhr that he will prove a decided ac'iuisirion even to the best club there. The first innings of the eighteen came to a termination at 5.15, and, being more tlum 80 behind, had to follow on. B\r six o'clock they had lost six wickets for 28 riiim. Cn the third day play was resinned at one o'clock, and in an hour and a half all were out for 133. Hawke played well for 21, but Nash, who contributed 24, had a vast amount of luck. Reynolds showed vigorous cricket xor 13, anu Foul-Is hit hard for 14. Tobin was un- lucky in being caught off a bumpy one when he had made 7. YVitli 32 runs to win, Allan and G. Bannerman appeared at the wickets, against the bowling of Nash and Reynolds. The Sydneyito, wh.cn he had made 9, was caught at the wickets off Nash. One for 12. A Banner- man j. fined, the bowler of a century. When 10 runs were raided, Allan was run out. 2—5—22, and Horan filled the vacanc3". A single 011I3' had been added when a splendid ball from Nash disposed i of ihe stunuwailor. 3 — 5 — 23. Murdoch j and Horan soon made the required | nrnnbev oi runs, and the match ended, in ! our favor with seven wickets to spare. S The wencher was dull and cloudy on the 1 first ciav. but the seeond and third days I were ml .chat could he desired. During I t-'u e three diiys .over 10,090 persons visited ! the "round, and they appearedto take great i interest- in-sfche-match. Of course hundreds j , ,£ r--!-=a .ous were put to us about Aus- tralia, and some of them were as usual very absurd, betraying a woeful want of know ledge of Australian geography'. YVe took care to set them right on all points, and they were vei'y much astonished to find that the area of one of the Australian colonies was more than that of Great Britain and Ireland. Everyone here appears to he talking about Australia, and great wonder is expressed that with such a small population so clever a repre sentative team of cricketers could he sent thousands of miles across the ocean to compete with the cream of the mother country, which has been the home of cricket for hundreds of years. It is admitted on all sides that the visit of our Eleven to England is the grandest adver tisement the colonies have had, or ever will have ; that it is the means of making the name of that country familiar with persons throughout the length and breadth of the United Kingdom ; and that it will tend to foster and develop the friendly relationship which already exists between the Australian colonies and the mother country. They say that Australians must have plenty of spirit and pluck, combined with skill and energy, when they can send home a Trickett to wrest the champion ship of the Thames, and a team of cricketers who can show Englishmen that the game can be as well played in Aus tralia as it is in their own country. Keighley is not much of a place to look at, but it is tolerably wealthy. The houses have a dingy appearance, and the streets wind about anyhow. YVe stopped at an hotel called the Devonshire, and we were fairly accommodated. All tho members of the team are in fair condition, notwith standing the hard work. Spoiibrth's laborious delivery has told 011 him some what, and Allan has gone completely olt his bowling, though lie is in splendid health. Score : — Australian Kli-.ven —First lu lngr. 0 B-.iimi iimn. i) Reynoffi.s A. Banni-riuiui.e Nonuington. b Nash 55- iliirai), il Na b M Greco)''-', run mil 1 Murdoch, run out 2 liovh', h Roherf : Spoil -rth, c and b iio'-crts 3 Garrett, c Smith- h It-'-horts " Bhickl-.iiai. a >.';s?h, b Reynolds 12 Bailey, c Nonuington, b Nash 17 Allan, not <nv - ' SllDillhs 1- Srcond Innings. C. B innennau. c Nomuneton.b basn 9 A. Bannes man b Sash Ilorau. not out - 6 Murdoch, no: olt: Allan, run ml Sundries 2 Three u-ickeis f.-r 32 Bown.sv; Analysis — First inniue- : Nas i, >40 bails, at) wickets, 44 runs, 3 v.-ickeis ; Reynolds, 124 runs. 14 niuffiens, 4e rn'.'s, 2 vickcts ; R'l1-: ris. U>4 bails, S niai-.n or- . ,-.9 runs 3 wickets ; Tob) ). I'-ffi balls, 11) maidens, 30 runs: Barrett. 20 4 maidens, 4 runs ; liawlce, 12 bil's i I runs ; j Waving, 28 bills. 1 mode:). 12 rims. I wide ; j Sc-'tt, 4S bails. S maidens. 12 runs. Se mm j innimrs : Nash. 52 balls. 6 maidens, 9 rm s 2 wickets ; li-m rrs. 12 balls. 1 maiden, lo runs : Reynolds, '.0 halls, 5 maidens, 11 runs Eighteen of Keighley District. — First Innings. Smiili, c and b Spoff uuh 4 Hawke. c Boyle. l> Spidtorth .... 2 Butterfield. b tipiillortl) 1 Reynolds, c Garretr, b Spoffortb 0 Tobin, b Spolfortb 4'.1 Sedgwick, c and b Boyle 1 Priestmau. b Spofforth 0 Poulds, e Biackham. 1> Spofforth 0 Normineton, b Spofforth 1_ Scott, b Spofforth a Kolv-rts=, b Spofforth - Waring, b Bov'.e 1 Barrett, c A. Banneriuan, b Spoffjith..:... Id Nash, b Garrett ! Anderson, c C- Bannerman, b Spofforth... 3 Driver, run out 1 Asmith, c Spofforth. b Garrett (> Allarton, not on; j Sundries ' Total 194 Second Innings. Smith, b Spofforth I Hawke, b Garrc-tt 21 Butterfield, c and b Spofforth 3 Reynold-, c C Bannerman, b Boyle 13 Tobin. c Biackham, b Boyle 7 Sedgwick, e C Bannerman, b Spofforth... o Priestmau. b Garrett / Foulds, b Spofforth If Normington. b Spofforth 5 Scott, b Spoff iriii 1 Roberts, c A. Bannerman. b Boyle 1 Waring, b Boyle 4 Barrett, c Murdoch, h Spofforth in Nash, 0 C. DinniiHnnan, b Boyle 24 Anderson, iBoyle, b Spofforth 1 Driver, not out S Asmith, c Gregory-, h B.ivle S Allarton, c Bailey, b Boyle (1 Sundries 5 Total 133 Bowling Analysis.— l-'irst inniims: Boric. 124 balls, 1.3 maidens. 39 runs, 2 wiekfts ; Snofiortb, 140 bads, 13 maidens, 5S runs. 12 wickets ; Garrett. 18 balls, 2 maidc-s, 2 runs, 2 wickets. Second inaimis : Allan, 32 balls, 2 maidens, 14 rims ; Spofforth, 152 b ills. 8 maidens, 59 runs, S wickets ; Garrett, 48 balls. 3 maidi tis, 21 runs, 2 wickets; Boyle, 70 balls, 2 maidens, 34 runs, 7 wickets. 