I » The War with Caprioor&us.; Death to tlio hillyo"-® ' . DoatU to the nanny-goats I Combustion 1 massnoro 1 carnage !, jBellud! oh Council — bol-lud 1" Suob we're : the. words of tlio Mayor as ho issued tbo dread deoroo and doolnrod war against Bulgarian : Cnpricornus. Tlio Nuisanco Inspoo'or trembled as ho heard tho awful mandalo, tho inoxorablo' . fiat of ' Municipal destiuy hurled remorselessly ; against all unregistered Athenian goat. " Ills not to make roply, ' IHr not to reason why, r- 111s but tu do or die — valiant inspcotor." ' " Go forth, " snid tho Mayor, and liis 'eagle glarioo foil on tho awo-struok inspcotor; " go forth nnd slay tbo first-born and the middle- born and tho last-born of all tbo unregistered goats in Ipswioh. I who havo authority order you, and will hold you guiltloss against tho outpouring of tho wrath of oxasperatod goat- ownors." So tho naisancc iuspeotor and the road ovorsoer girdod up their loins, grnspod their war. clubs, and wont forth on tho : war path, thirsting for blood. "" lnspootor: " Eh',; mon, is : it no awfu' barbayrious to slay tho ' harmless bestios iu caald bind ?'! ' . i : - ' I Orerseer: " Bhurc, the divil an ould goat we'll lavo in Ipswioh!" nnd as . the ovorsepr uttered this ferooious threat ho brandished his war-olub, leaped three foot iu tho car, and shouted tho Conuaught battle ory " Bog a roggara lums." . The inspeotor, uot to bo outdone, wavod his doublcd-edged walking stiok and delivered.. tho Celtic war-ory of-"Glan Adam, Adam Vieh Alpine ho 1 ieroel" Unhappy naunios and billies; what' cbuld avail you agaiust thoso two redoubtable champions 1 Tho " unregistered " wore col lected, driven iu from ovory hiding-place, and builod up iu somo diabolical corner iroin whioh ' V there was no menus of csoapo. Then began a scouo of oarnago onougb to frcozo the blood of a modioal student, and tho groan3 of tho murdered were wafted abroad on the blue 'Australian sky. Tho oversoor's club was ooatod with Caprioornian gore, and ho swore in pure Hiberuinn whouovcr a dosporato billy mado ono last strugglo for life and rolled the avorsoer in tho dust, The sounds of battle coboed tlio onrs of tho pcoplo ; tho death- slirioka of somo favorito nanny were heard by hor affeotiouate owner. Old womon woro seen rushing from evory poiut of tho compass, and as they roaohod tho scono of blood, they \- clasped their hands aud implored tho two dosporndoos to stny thoir murderous weapons. Eleven goats woro pont-np in that fatal onolosure. The owners of thoso eleven goats stood ronnd nud demanded tboir property, eaoh ono prepared to swear to the identity of every billy, Ono knew bis by tho board, another by the nose, one by tho hind leg, aud ouo by a gooseborry mark ou tho loft ribs. Tho Inspector leaned for a moment ou his gory war-club, aud romtirkod, "Follow- oitizous ! these goats arc not rcgiBtorcd ; the owner of. eaoh unregistored goat is liable to a fine of £6 ; chooso your animals ! 1" Then the goat owners discovered suddeuly that thoso goats woro not theirs at nll, not the least liko them, in faot, nud so dopavted homo- wards. Suddonly a man rushol up iu a Btato of frantic oxoitemcnt and told the 'assassins bis wifo had fainted at tho sonuds of murdor, nnd if nnytliing happened hor ho would bring nn action agninst tbo Mayor for tho vnluo of hor, some two hundred thousand pounds, Tho Inspeotor replied—" Gontlo Benedict 1" these gonts hnvo to bo massacred, tmd if all tho wives iu Ipswioh fniut, anil all tho hus bands bring notions that would require tho Threo Millius Loan to pay thorn, wo must still procued with tbo work of dostruotion 1" Thus diod tho olevou gouts and thus ended tho great Cnpriooruian bnttue. T>,«Ieyon oarcascs hnvo been oarefnlly Baited' „ .,( will form tbo cliiof dish ut the uext Mnnioipnl bnn- quot. In tho menntimo eleven ghosts of eloven goats dnuoo round tho beds of tbo Nuieanoo Inspcotor nud works ovcrsoor, nud nt tbo mid night hour when gravoyards aud editors yawn and nowspapor officials yield up thoir devils, thoso two unhappy won sit but hod in cold Ipospiration and oxolaim — " Oh rest, perturbed spirits, rest I away yo spectral biilica I" . 