OUR LAUNCESTON LETTER. A [From our own Correspondent.] LAUNCESTON, Friday. During the past week a great deal of rain has fallen. None of your mizzling Scotch mists which only keep the ground moist and unpleasant, but real steady downpours of several hours' duration without a break at times. A few weeks ago your readers heard a good deal of outcry about the state of our streets, but what they are now may be better imagined than described. The grumbling has, however, nearly died away. We worried the Town Surveyor till he threatened to kick over the traces, and now we have settled down into the apathy of ' despair-or patience.' On Wednesday and Thursday we feared we were going to have a flood, but it is postponed for the present, last night and to-day being calm and bright, and the flood waters are subsiding slowly. The South Esk looks picturesque just now as it comes rolling; down the cataract, its waters, of muddy brown, crested with great foam patches caused by churning over its rocky bed. The low lands along the North Esk, however, look anything but romantic, as the water is standing more or less in every paddock bordering on the river from the swamp to St. Leonard's, a distance of some eight miles, following the serpentine windings of the river. Fears were entertained yesterday that the Launceston and Western Railway would be damaged, but the water never rose Ililli enough to injure the ballasting, and to-day it is receding somewhat. A great deal of damage has been done at the tin mines on the N". li. Coast, the floods in the early part of the week being the highest known since the mines were opened. Dams and races have been washed away, workings flooded, and operations seriously retarded. The original Krushka's bridge, built by a been" amongst the miners in 1876, when tired of looking to the Government; for aid, is among the things of the past, having been washed away at an early hour on Monday last, and lodging against the bridge built by the Government, which is' some sixty or seventy feet lower down the Ringarooma River, formed a barrier against which logs and drift wood soon banked, up till that bridge in a few hours was in great danger. There was no time for a deputation to wait on the Minister of Lands and request that Government would attend to the matter, so. some fifty miners mustered promptly with ropes and axes, managed to free the archway, and give the flood waters free passage. Mr. W. H. Dodery has received a telegram from Mr W. Luck, of Westwood, stating that at the recent horse sale held at the National Agricultural Society's yards, Melbourne, his draught stallion Duke of Clarence, i enlisted He guineas, and his prize mare Flower, 2319 guineas. This speaks well for the estimation in which Tasmanian horse stock is held in Victoria, There has been some considerable speculation as to the probable result of the first crushing from the Tasmania Company's claim (Daily's reef), BrandyCreek, not so much because many were interested in' it, for this rich property is held in less than a dozen hands, but because there has been so much excitement over it for the last eighteen months, and because many believe the first crushing of the Southern Cross Company, Waterhouse, will beat it. In fact a good many bets are laid on the matter. When the result -975 ounces from 450 tons stone, became known the general public mostly felt disappointed, but the directors and a few others thought it very good. At the outset of the crushing some very rich stone, some of which was kept locked up in a store as too valuable to leave about loose was put through, and the return of amalgam, showed high, but afterwards the stope was taken as it lay from the paddocks, and in order to clean up as they worked a lot of stone, which the Messrs. Dally had worked over and washed all the rubble and loose gold from, was put through, and this naturally brought down the average , yield. Still 2oz. 6dwts. eggs. to the ton is not to be sneered at, and as I am informed the working expenses are only about £700 a month the fortunate few shareholders in the claim have a good thing in their hands. . , . i i Antimony and copper are at present exciting some interest. The really excellent samples of the former, which has recently been discovered on various claims at Mount Bischoff, prove that if it can be made reproductive at the present price of the metal a large and important branch of industry will be raised i up in working the extensive deposits now known of this metal. With regard to copper we are rather in the dark and waiting for the Tasmanian Copper Company to load the way. They keep very quiet, and only an occasional paragraph gets into the newspapers, but from what I hear privately the affair is looked upon as genuine by those interested, and they do not care " to blow," merely for the sake of enhancing the value of the shares, till they have something tangible proved. Meanwhile matters are being put in train for launching out as soon as the lode is proved. The furnaces, etc., will be erected near Port Sorell, and a thoroughly reliable and practicable assayer has, been selected to take charge if required. [ Darcy Read's Ghost has been exhibited at the Pavilion in the public gardens for 'over a week > past, but a am sorry to say with but poor results, and the visit will, result in a pecuniary loss to the company. This is not owing to any fault in the performance, which is really first-class of its kind, though somewhat childish in plot and dialogue, It is. well put on the stage, and managed without a hitch of any kind, and is a performance thoroughly novel hero. In-fact the ghosts and the real performers are such doubles of each other, that one feels at times puzzled which is the genuine, article, and the appearances and dis appoaranceB.nrp sq well done, that to the initiated they appear narratives.' Bart' of the ' non-success. financially speaking of the alf air, is due to the wet and inclement weather we have been lately, and part to the fact that owing to some little" hitches on the opening night, various. explosives and expressions of ill-humour indulged in on the stage reached the ears of the audience, and did not impress them favourably with the "tune" of the management. The greatest portion, however, is I think due to a great mistake made by the proprietor, and one which I am surprised at such an old stager falling; into namely. discourtesy to the representatives of the Press by which offence has been given in both papers here, and the consequence has of course been that lilley, haVe rally bestowed passing sentences on the entertainment, of am sorry this has been the case, for the non for injuries reasoners good support,', and 1 ships Afrl Darcy Read will be a little more careful and also more sticcoRsf til in the capital. V i I ''' We have had several severe cases of sickness in the Town, the sufferers bring well-known gentlemen, for. whom ; much sympathy has been expressed. Dr. William Mason has been dangerously ill from a luumnallonMi{,thp Mayor, and though better, is very, weak., Mr. Richard Green, sent'., has been confined to shed for some days with, a painful interning affection, and though, I am glad to say, recovering is still in a critical state. To-day I learn of the illness of Mr. Jas. Coulter, Superintendent of Police, who is suffering from some kind of fever, and has been unable to attend to his duties for the last few days. ~" The very handsome share of prizes which have fallen to Northern exhibitors at the recent exhibition of the Tasmanian Poultry Society, and the hearty manner in which the visitors from the part of the island have been welcomed at the capital, have given general satisfaction, and led to the expression of much good feeling here towards the members of the Hobart Town Souloty, who I trust will make a strong endeavour to beat us on our ground when the exhibition of the Northern Society takes place. \- r,aunemtoii must be congratulated on possessing such a united and persevering society as the Musical Union. They have done a great deal to elevate the musical taste of our townsfolk, and on Tuesday evening last they gave their thirty-third performance at the Mechanics' Institute, when gems from live oratorios ~JV<IUMI«H, Creation, St. Paul, Elijah, and the Messiah -were, presented and a thorough musical treat given to and enjoyed by a large audience. This soeietylnDW numbers' twenty' Instrumental and over -slaty vocal members - .^^¿^.^^jMriagtog out a large number of young amateurs, who otherwise might have "blushed unseen." Saturday evening. The SS Derwent, which left to-day for Melbourne, took five draught geldings shipped by Mr Jno Symons, of the Oak, 64 tons clubs. tin, shipped by the Mount Bischoff Company, and 13 ozs. gold shipped by various banks, valued at 65,330. At the sale of mining shares held to day by Mr. W. Hartnoll, jnr., at his mart, the following were the lots sold 3400 East Morning Star Company at 4d. ; 80 Florence Nightingale Company, 14s. Gil ; 50 Olive Branch Company, is. 6d. ; 36 Southern Cross Company, ills,; 26 City of Launceston Company, 5s.; 200 Native Youth Company (tin), 125 ; 81 Clyde Company, 3s. NORTHERN TASMANIAN COURSING CLUB. The final payments for the Enfield Stakes for the inaugural meet- of this club, which will be held at Enfield on Wednesday, took place this afternoon, and the following is the draw : Mr. F. Belstead f d Gladiator, Pilot Hazard, against Mr. W. G. Weaver's wh and r d Sea View, Tippo Banjo. Mr. J. Blair, Jun's blk and w b Lubra, Clayer house-Lucy, against Mr. H. B. Falkiner's blk and w b Folly, Cashier Jenny Bell. Mr. Geo. Scott's blk and w d Neri, Baby-Fly, against Mr. W. D. Landale's brand with Meg, Cumloden-Meg Mrs Ellis Mr. R. Pattison's (as Mr. Geo. Hope's) blk and w d timber, i Speed-Rose, against Mr. W. R. Webster's I r d Sir Walter, My Fancy Nut, , Mr. F. DeLittle's wh and bl b Miss Melrose (pedi- gree unknown), against Mr. W. Harriss' bl d Noble, Banjo. Mr W. D.adson's (and wh b Pearl, "Bonny Blue Rosalie, against Mr. Chas. Field's r b Miss May, Red Rover Judy. ( Mr. E Coningsby is, Mr. P. Weetman wh and be d d Nimblefoot, Deerfoot-Fair Helen, against Dr. Rookett's r and w b Rosie, Royal Water-Lady Rollo. 11 . ? i i I Mr. A Weedon as Mr. Jos Lord's wh b Wave, Landabark-Fly against Mr. H. V. Turner's of and w Grand Duchess, My Fancy Not., Mr Jno. Joyce's f w b Lanoma, Claverhouse Miss Heller against Mr. H. Weedon na M. F. Bend all's! wh and'bl d Bluelight, Judge-Quip, Mr W. Beilby's w and blk d Count, pedigrees- known-against Mr. i Jos, Cox's wh and bid Chios, Speed-Zeta. , Mr. T. Gatenby's br d Greener, Cacique II Lucy IT. against Mr. W.-D.>Landale as Mr. R, Landale bk and w d Dick, Bonny Blue Rosalie. Mr. F. Bendall's Mr. J. Graves' blk and w d Pat, Piper-Sea Curl against Mr. Jas, Gray's whd Jasper, Warfare Jenny Lind. ' J jir 