® Eerriible Lime. A NEW ZEAI?nD STOBY. BY ROBERT P. WHITWORTH. WE live this life, travelling over a broader or narrower ledge, between two vast abysses- the past and the future.. Of the past abyss we know something, what we are taught, not of our own knowledge or experience; of the future abyss, nothing. Is the present life the be all and the end all? Is it, as religion teaches us, a mere precursor, a state of probation to another and a never ending life ? Or is it, as the ancients taught, one step in the never ending stairoase of time, one rung in the ladder reaching to eternity ? Who knows? Let schoolmen argue as they may, they are .still no nearer the great truth. And yet, for the better comprehension of the somewhat mar vellous story I am about to tell, it is necessary to raise the question. Was it a dream P Neither at ,the time -when the incidents I shall relate took place, nor now, do I know. I never could remember dreaming such a dream. Or was it one of those dim perceptions of a past state of being which sometimes, rarely though, occur to us, when we see a place for the first time, and yet which seems strangely familiar when we perform an act which recalls- a mysterious and imperfect memory of having done the same thing before? Spiritism, and other similar supernatural mountebankery, I ignore; witGchraft, and its attendant diablerie, I despcse. I would account for the phenomena by natural laws alone. And yet I cannot. Nor is this a ghost story, or a record of tbewild imaginings of a fevered or diseased mind. It is the truth, strange and weird as may seem some of its sur-. roundings, the simple truth. It was in the:early part of December, 1864, that I, Philip Massey, started from orr camp on the Shotover river for the Milyneuz township, or, as it is now called, Cromwell, in order t sell some gold, and to bring baek some stores, of which we shoiuld soon be is need. I whs one of a party of four, who had worked together at many ~f the diggingsin New South Wales and Victoria, and who had been about a year in New Zealand, located on Carmichael's Creek, near the head of the Shotover, add unider -the lofty Monut Hyde, a spur of the Haris; mountains. We were much further up the river than most of the diggers, and were located in one of the wildest spots in that wild and almost inaccessible region. Our workings were on the side of a not very large terrace, on the creek, shut in nearly all round by precipitous cliffs and mountains, covered with huge timber. Wild as was the landscape; there was a savage yet gorgeous beauty in it, in the summer, when the rata flower blazed in its crimson glory on the hill-sides; and in the winter, when the snow-fields glistened in the sunshine, or the black birch forest wept in the rain storms of that gloomy and inhospitable region. It was a wild freelife, an era in amnan's existence, which, -once experienced, can -never.be forgotten-a life, the memory of which comes back n'ti a setiange yearning years after; and when a man mnay have settled down into a staid, inechanical rate-paying merchant, las yer, doctori or what not-a life 'witbhal,. of undertasuty, of lardship, of constant peperil="peril 'bfWaters, when the raging floods came.boilig and screaming down the gorges,'bearing huge trees, boulders, by,aid too often, human beings, bonward in their resistless forde. Who has for gbtten the tiie When the, whole of thie lower pBrt- of. th lp Molyneux valley was subnierged, when: fifteen -men were dronadd, inongst them the three brothers .4* " '' Perils of land, as when the $ltide of'a hill tumbled bodily into. he$o0tover, bury ing'I know not, nor was;it ever known, how mnany unfortunate dgers dn onise gigantic tomb. Perils of tint of being shut uplbeythe snow f -prison. . Perils from the sf shdt of the skulking thi or the 'ruthliess bushraner free, d?rhit, Bohei iet5 to-m'iorri'.ich, and yet; wit ' hardsbips, it~cold, its wet, itso; often fruitless toil, who, havi~g ose lived it,wosild not gladly liveit again W As, I said, I started fron' my camp' for-Cromwell to sell our gold and i supplies. We were on a good spot, and had got over a hundred ounces, and were of course in high spirits at our luck, -Passing our camp, at a distance of the re ur mI range, across t over the sh into theMol well, a track beeoon over, al they prono find and fifty miles, rough I days. We had s t previous to e. stores I was to ht' deposit in the b .d I and my tent d rose to turn in 0 ten otli It was half-moo .old, ler, calm, cloudless nig h taodndas to be heard except iiarse~iit b at unmelodious huon of thi :ireek o'er -it?s shingle bed. We ?Wereboth sttrack with the beauty bf-the scene, andyeorge, who was somewhat poetical, wae.jt~ esmark ing on the almost mneart 'yoedlness of the glistening glacier-clad'~oa bleapeak of Mount Aurum, which soars aloft in the vest, when I suddenly isthrrupted lin with '" Huih.l. what was that .'" "We stolji ed & listened. Nota savoethe marmuringstreama?'d! the louns piping of the distant ILi yet 1 could bave seworn I oraclhlisg~of tiaigs, as if aI troddenu.dn'thepa at the rear o \- darted qnickly round, but n, I weit a tfew steps into .:the still nothirg, either to gee or hI returned, faucirg I muet mistaken. Geprge g he supposed it was a 4t - ks, feeding oil: the tutu berr nd we turned into. our-bunks, thnh no more of tbhm'atter . NeitmorningiRgwasupatdtaybre ? lit breaklast,' hdiped my swag, and was away before~ the bell birds ihad oeead .their morning hymn. The golq 'i had safely secuped in my beltj my asamptss was in my pocket, and my fsit l I)Br ringer hung~at my hip. It was a gloriouns mornng.' ?-l~tng I have ever seen 0an compee,' for gorgeous colouring, for bright yet solemn beauty, with a summer sunrise Ji:the mountain district of New Zealadsid ?ar above the .dim .blhue gray het..t"i - envelopes the earth, shbot intqth ' air the pure white soalph6fi topped peaks, WhieliB'j .-? : profusion on every hand. . t.l the dull .ky is striped' -ith li&i; os purple turning to red and amber, a-nd . then to floods as.of molten gold T.;hw:-: . white ice peaks and snow felds e ?la ?t: with a delicate pink-the pink f he. nautilus, which preeps apace drewWe slope, glinting brifhtly on - prominences, ?ad- "trr'ab . , shadows intoirrch prrp springs the sun frozis, far way est, a?, -" ~YC . peak, glittngltei t diamonid,. sr'e bs to peirnsatiofle.. -: " '- ::'"u ? -eW" erly Deoembbr mornnag, h "I ilrOtd ' Mosdat.Hyde, with the gint ;Motape on my. left shoulder, forcing:?ny way through the tangle of supple- jac?cerm, and flax, of the low-lying bush1 a4i then up, up through the'thick red blos somed ratu,.the dark birch andomaple, and the bright-leaved veronica, and still up, over the beds of moss, box scrub and snow grass, to the bare summit of the saddle, 6000 feet high. Then; what a . viewl Farawayin the north-west .the dazzling glaciers of Mounts Esarnuslan, 9000ft., and Aspiring, .10,000ft. In alti tude, and around on evtry hasd'a vast seaof mountains, of every ppssible variety of shape and rnggedness, the clouds and mist floated far 'beneath use. The prospect was most bewildering, andceven to. my practised eye the possibili;tyii;q " recognising any particular mountain, "; except those with which I was amiliar, seemed almost hopeless. Up to within a fer hundred feet of the summit there had 'been .? blearly defined and well bhed track;, Ip. a?'es one frequently used by trarellers between the Shotover and 'the Upper Arrow and .Oardrowa- diggings, but at the-pbint. where I stood there was nothiui biut bire rock,.and therefore nought teo'giide ' a me to the next tiuber. Stilli kne that my course was nearlydue east, and I oouid see the Motatapu river runhing 'north ward- at the foot of the mounmitain a coriple of thousaud feet below mi With out a moinent'sa hesitation, theireore, - i. descended, after consaulting my dompas' " makiug in the direction d~a distsan 1?t l : mountain, which, from ity rounded D:to' I took to be'Iount Pisa I soon r?i??l# : the timber, but was quite unabletoE:nd , any sigo of the track, although.~i b -n?e.t . have lost ma~nyr niili' by travelr?'rg h . zig-zag directionin. ier to ret'oeritthe blazed lirne. 'leaBrly",L -' ras. -iff m course, but' that" caused "me ;no.p)u easiness, as thecoiintry, although rugged, was oopen, and I was traveling eisteward. By noon I had" left' the 'last' timber behind me, had crbosi'ed the Motatapu and several other s;mallerstreams, and hoped to cross 'the Cardrowa ere night fall. Biut 'asI advanced further intthe - solitudes the country grew more . more rugged; and more than onoe'I.-\ to retrace- my steps, At last, climbing the shoulder of a tof which I r:ifterwarde learnt was,' Middle Peak, I was brough standstill by arriving .it- " precipice, overlooking- i' .ky ravine, surrounded, sofar d - by inaccessible cliffs. : -;??'c "" However unpleasant, therej ?otsiggg for it but to turn back and t anfothei route. Sometimes sliding, somntimes scrambling, I arrived at the foot of `tie range, and 'skirting it, found myselfkfi the entrance of a wide gorge or detple, between two lofty walls of precipitous rock. As I entered the gloomy poirtals a singislar feeling of apprehension stole over. me, a'vague sensation of dread ?of something, I kinew not what. v Besides the place seemead #.ilrelj: familiar. I had certainly neverieentherei bjefore, and yet I found .myself ?a?con -oly recognislng the various featifres t so.ne, the cleavage in- the rok, sition of a huge boulder, the t isi'of:e: dry wateroourse, and oth unncs, even to matters of deta, I advanced the more famili. . ct 'is ce becoiae, and I founec yfoll¶Wwig whatieemed hun , p-ir? ? ?,for?? the;· ? Wmhereapsotprvbonic: dcaulhi~ Iee fl efre7.;_d·'e fl 