BE CONTENT. . I A SEIMON BY THE REV. CANON RYLIV . í " Be content with such-things aa ye have." HEBREWS xiii. 5. .These words aro soon, spoken, and often coat the speaker very little. Nothing is cheaper than good advice. Everybody fancies he can give his neighbour i good counsel, and tell him exactly what he ought to do. Yet to practice tho lesson is very hard. To talk of contentment in thc day of health and prosperity is easy enough ; but to be content in the rnid3fc of poverty, sickness, trouble, disappointments, .and losses, is a state of mind to which very few can .attain. ? Let us turn to the Bible and see how it treats thia great duty of contentment. Let us mark how the gréât Apostle of the Gentiles speaks when he would persuade the Hebrew Christians to be content. He backs up his injunction by a beautiful motive. Ha does not say, nakedly, "Be content;" he adds words which would ring in the ears of all who had read his letter, and ner%-e . their hearts for a struggle : " Be .content," he says, " with such things as ye have : for He hath said, I will never leave tliee, nor forsake thee." I see things in this golden sentence which, I venture to think, deserve special notice. Give me your atten tion for a few minutes, and we will try to find out what they are. I. Let us first examine the precept which St. Paid gives us- " Be content with such things as ye have." These words are very simple. A little child might easily understand them. They contain no high doctrine.; they involvo no metaphysical question ; and yet, simple as they aro, the duty which these words enjoin on us is one of the highest practical importance to all classes. Contentment is one of the rarest graces. Like all precious things, it is most uncommon. The; old Puritan divine, who wrote a book about it, did well to call his book " The Eare_ Jewel of Christian Content ment." An Athenian philosopher is said to have gone into the market-place at mid daj' with a lantern, in order to find out an honest man. I think he would have found it equally difficult to find one quite cou tented. , ¡ The fallen angels had heaven itself to dwell in, be fore they fell, and the immediate presence and favour of God ; but they were not content. Adam and Eve had the garden of Eden to live in, with the free grant of everything in it excepting one tree ; but they were not content. Ahab had his throne and kingdom ; but, so.long as Naboth's vineyard was not his, lie was not content. Haman was the chief favourite of the-Per sian king ; but, so long as Mordecai sat at the gate, he was not content. j It is just the same everywhere in tho present day. Murmuring, dissatisfaction, discontent with what wc have, meet us at every turn. To say, with Jacob, "Ï have enough," seems flatly contrary to the grain of human nature. To say, " I want more," seems tho mother tongue of every child of Adam. Our little ones around our family hearths are daily illustrations of the truth of what I am saj'ing. They learn to'ask for "more" much sooner than they learn to be satis fied. They are far more ready to cry for what they want, than to say "thank you" when they haVo got it. There are few, I will ventureto say, who do not want something or other different from what they have something more or something less. What you have doe3 not seem so good as what you have not. If "you . had only had this or that thing granted, you fancy you would be quite happy. Hear now with what power Sfc. Paul's directum ought to come to all our consciences : "Be content,"', he says, " with such things as ye have," not with suoii' things as ye once used to have-not with such things as ye hope to have-but with such things as ye have now. With such things, whatever they may be, wo are to bo 'content-with such a dwelling, such a po- - sition, such health, such income, such work, such cir cumstances as we have we are to be content. A spirit of this kind is tho secret of a light heart and an easy mind. Few, I am afraid, have the least idea what a short cut to happiness it is to be content. I ? To be content is to be rich and well off. He is the j rich man who has no wants, and requires uo more. ^"1 ask not what his income may be. Aman may be rich in a cottage and poor in a palace. To be content is to be independent. He is the hide-' f pendent man who hangs on no created things 'for comfort, and has God for his portion. Such a man is tho only one who is always happy. Nothing can come amiss or go wrong with such a man. Afflictions will not shake him, and sickness ; will not disturb his peace. He can gather grapes ' from thorns, and figs from thistles, for he eau gfefc good out of evil. Like Paul and Silas, he will sing in prison, with his feet in the stocks. Like Peter, ho will sleep quietly in prospect of death, the very night before his execution. Like Job, he will bless tho Lord, even -when stripped of all his comforts. Ah! if you would be truly happy (who"does'not want this ?) seekit where alone it can be found. Seek it not in money, seek it not in pleasure, nor in friends, nor in learning. Seek it in having a will in porfecfc harmony with the will of God. Seek it in studying to be content. You may say, It is fine talking : how can we DO always content in such a world ? I answer, that you need to cast away your pride, and know your de serts, in order tobo thankful in any condition. If rata really know that they deserve nothing, and are debtors to God's mercy every day, they would BOOH, cease to complain. You may say, perhaps, that you havo such crosse*, and trials, and troubles, that it is impossible to be con tent. I answer, that you would do well to_ remember ¡ your ignorance. Do you.know best what is good tor < you. or does God? Aro you wiser than he ? "j! Tho things you want might ruin your soul. J-118 [ things you have lost might havo poisoned .yon. Remember, Kuchel must needs have children, and siio , had them and died. Loft must needs live near Sodom, and all his goods were burned. Let these things sinic down into your heart. . j II. Lot us, in tho second place, exaraino^ttie ground on which St. Paul builds his precept. J-hp ground is ono single text of Scripture. . It is striking to observe what a Bmall foundation tuo apostle seems to lay down, when he bids us beicon -, tent. He holds out no promise of earthly good things and temporal rewards. He simply quotes a verso o' . God's word. Tho Master hath spoken. "He haw = It' is striking, beside this, to observe that the¡ text he quotes was not originally addressed to thc ¿leulB Í Christians, but to Joshua; and yet St. Paul to them. Thia shows that Bible promises aro tho com mon property of all believers. All have a right and title to them. AH believers make ono mystical body j and in hundreds of cases that which was spoken to one may be fairly used by all. But the main pomt I want to impress on men's minds is this : that we ought to make the texts and promises of the Bible our refuge in time of trouble, and tte fountain of our soul's comfort. When St. Paul wanted to enforce a grace and re commend a duty, heqiioteda text. When you and I would give a reason for our hope, or when we feel 'that we need strength and consolation, wo must go to our Bibles, and try to find ont suitable texts. Tho law yer uses old cases and decisions when he pleads his cause. "Such a judgehas said such a thing, and therefore," he argues, "it is a settled point." The sol dier on the battle-field takes up certain positions, and does certain things ; and if you ask him why, he will * say« " I have such and such orders from my general, and I obey them." The true Christian must always uso his Bible in like manner. The Bible must be to him his book of reference, and precedents. The Bible must be to him his captain's orders. If any ono asks him why ho thinks as he does, liveB as he does, feels as he does, all he has need to reply is, " God has spoken to such »n effect : I have my orders, and that is enough." I knott* not whether I make the point clear, but it is one which, simple as it seems, is of great practical importance. I want you to see the placo and office of the Bible, and the'unspeakable importance of knowing it well, and being acquainted with ita contents. I ?want you to arm yourself with texts and verses of the Bible fastened down in your memory to read so as to Temeuiber, and to remember so as to use what you read. You and I have trouble and sorrow before us : it needs no prophetic eye to see that. Sicknesses, deaths, partings, separations, disappointments, are suro to «orné. What is to sustain us in the days of darkness, which are many ? Nothing so ablo to do it as te.vts out of the Bible. _ You and I, in all probability, may lie for months on a bed of sicknees. Heavy days and weary nights, an ¿clung body and an enfeebled mind, may make life a burden. .And what will support us ? Nothing is likly to cheer and sustain so much as' verses out of the Bible. You, and I havo death to look forward to. There ?will bo friends to be left, home to bo given np, tho grave to be visited, an unknown world to be entered, and tho last judgment after all. And what will s\is "tain'and comfort us when our last moments draw nigh? Nothing, I firmly believe, is so able to help our lieart, in that solemn hour, as texts out of .the Bible. I want men to fill their minds with passages. of Scripture while they are well and strong, that they may have sure help in tho day_ of need. I waut them to be diligent in studying their Bibles, and becoming familiar with their contcnls, inorder that tho grand old Book may stand by them and talk with them when all ?earthly friends fail. ? Prora the bottom of my heart I pity that man who sever reads his Bible. I wonder whence he expects to drawhis consolation by-and-bye. I do implore him to change his plan, and to change it without delay. ?Cardinal Wolsey said on his death-bed, "If I had ?served my God half as well as I have served my ÜDg,_ he would not have left me in my trouble." I fear it will bo said of many, one day, " If they had read their Bibles as diligently as they road their news papcre, they would not have been devoid of consola tion when theyneeded it most." I Thc Bible applied to the heart by the Holy Ghost is the only magazine of consolation. Without it we îmvc.nothinc! to depend on ; " our feet will slide in .due time" (Deut. xxxii. 35). With it wc are like those who stand on a rock. That man is ready for anything .who has got a firm hold of G od's promises. Once moro, then, I say arm yourself with a thorough knowledge of God's word. Read it, and be able to say, "Ihavehope, because it is thus and thus written. lam nob afraid, because it is thus and thus written." Happy is that soul who can san say with Job/ "I haye esteemed the words of his mouth more than my necessary food"'(Job xxiii. 12). Let us examine, in the lawt place, the particular tost St. Pa\d emotes in enforcing tho duty of content aient. He tolls the Hebrews, " Ho hath said, I will »ever leave thee, nor forsake thee." It matters little to what peraon in tho Trinity we ascribe these words, whether to the Eather, Son, or Holy Ghost. It all comes to the same in tho end. They arc all engaged to save man in the covenant of grace. Each of the three Persons says, as tho other two, " I will neverleave thee nor forsake thee." There is great sweetness in this peculiar promise. It deserves close attention. God says to every man ¿nd.woman, who is willing to commit his boni to the mercy that is in Christ, "I will never leave thee, and nsver forsako theo." I, the eternal Eather, the mighty God, tho King of kings, "will never leave thee¡" Tho English language fails to give the full meaning of tho Greek. It implies, "never-no, aover-no, nor ever !" . , Now, if I know anything of this world, it is a world Of "leaving, forsaking, parting, separation, failure, ] and disappointment." Think how immense the com fort of finding something that will never leave nor fail; Earthly good things leave us. Health, money, pro perty, friendship, all make themselves wings and flee Way. They ara hero to-day, and trono to-morrow. .But God says, " I will never leavo thee." _ Wc leave one another. Wo grow up in families full .of affections and tender feelings, and then we are all | thoroughly scattered. One follows his calling or pro fession one way and another in another. We go north, , -and south, and east, and wost, and perhaps meet no | more. We .meet our nearest friends and relations, «nly at rare intervals, and then to part again. But tod says. "I will never leave thee." . W e are loft by those wo love. They die and dimi Thsh, andboconio fewer and fowor every year. The more lovely-like flowers-thc more frail, and deli cate, and short-lived, they seem to be. But God says, X will never leave thee." uniuu ïUUlg tjod to believers. The clo3est ralation on earth-tho marriage bond *M tm end. To use tho words of the Prayer-book service, it is only " till death us do part." But thc «union between Christ and tho siuuer that trusts in *un never ends. It lives when the body dies. It lives Villa n « UYCa IÏUÛI1 UUU UUUJ Ulai. XII Ul« «nen uíshíuid heart fail. Once begun, it never v/i *Tr3' itTB on^r made brighter and stronger by thc thnvr am PB1'S"»ded," says St. Paul, Tt that nei- ¡ «nm 0| 110ir dcatll> «or things prcsont, nor things to *CiSn ,í«isbt, uor depth, nor any other creature, 1 «nail ho able to separate us from tho love of God, Tíní1Ll1.11 Christ Jesus our Lord" (Hom. viii. 3S, SO). HcZ . « 18 ,10t a11- Thereis apoculiar depth of wis OhlL th,°w:ordB' "I wilt never leave nor forsake." 1 iavn Ji' t,odi(Io,es not say, " My poople shall al wayo a¿« Ple'*iailt tniiES ; they shall always bo fed in andÄ^rT'and "avo no trials-or trials very short such « i,i f"le,neltllel'nn,ya B0» «o1' does l»c appoint them nm- L- llIH People. On the contrary, ho sends .Worina -i£n aufl chastisement. Ito tries thom by ">0. ne xiunfics them by sorrow. Ho exercises their faith, by disappointments. But still, in all these things, he promises, ** I will never leave nor forsake." Let every believer grasp these words, and store them up in his heart. Keep them ready, and have them fresh in your memory ; you will want them one day. The Philistines will be upon you ; the hand of sick ness will lay you low ; the king of terror will draw near ; the valley of the shadow of death will open be fore your eyes. Then comes the hour when you will find nothing so comforting as a text like this-nothing so cheering as a realising sense of God's companion ship. Stick to tho word "never." It is worth its weight in gold. Cling to it as a drowning man clings to a rope. Grasp it firmly, as a soldier attacked on all sides grasps his sword. God has said, and will stand to it, ' ' I will never leave thee. " " Never 1" Though your heart often faints, and you aro sick of self, and your many failures and infirmi ties : even then the pi-omiso will not fail. " Never !" Though tho devil whispers, I shall have you at last. Yet a little time and your faith will fail, and you will be mine. Even then God will keep his word. "Never!" Though waves of troiible go over your head, and all hope seems taken away. Even then the word of God will stand. "Never!" When the cold chill of death is creep ing over you, and friends can do no more, and you are starting on that journey from which there is no return. Even then Christ will not forsake you. "Never !" When tho day of judgment comes, and the books are opened, and the dead are rising from their graves, and eternity is beginning. Even then the promise will bear ;all your weight. Christ will not leave his hold on your soul. Oh, trust in tho Lord for ever, for ho says, _ I will never leave you." Lean back all your weight upon him: do not bo afraid. Glory in his promise, liejoico in the strength of your consolation. You may say boldly, "Tho Lord is my helper, and I will not fear." I conclude with three practical remarks. Consider them well, and lay them to heart : il.*! T.nh mo tell von v.div there i« so vorv little COU tentment sn tho world. The simple answer is, because there is so little grace, and true religion. Few know their own sin'; few feel their desert ; and so few are content with such things as they have. Humility, self-knowledge, a clear sight of our own vileness and corruption, these are tho true roots of contentment. (2.) Let mo show you, secondly, what you should do, if you would be., content. You must know your own heart, seek God for your portion, take Christ for your Saviour, and use God's word for your daily food. Contentment is not to be learned at the feet of Gamaliel, but at tho feet ot Jesus Christ. He who has God for his friend and heaven for bia home can wait for his good things, and be content with little hero below. (3.). Let me toll you, lastly, there is one thing with which we ought never to bc content. That thing is a little religion, ri little faith, a little hope, and a little grace. Let us never eit down satisfied with a little of these things. On the contary, let U3 seek them more andmore. When Alexander the Great visited tho Greek phi losopher, Diogenes, he asked him if there was any thing that he wanted and he could givo him. He got this short answer : " I want nothing but that you should stand from between me and the sun." Let thc spirit of that answer run through our religion. One thing there is which should nevor B.itisfy and content us, and that is, "anything that stands between our souls and Christ." _..._,-. 