The LILAC. Handicap. TO THE EDITOR OF THIS BRISBANE COURIER. Sir-As a mater of course the progress our local turf makes s regulated to a great extent by the assistance received from the turf writers, by whom the public are guided and really the local club is deserving of something better than the assistance has received from "Jingo," whose contributions appeared recently in the Courier. " Jinp" finds fault with weights for the Queensland Cup, and no do others who have the same wealoeHs for certainties. However, after turning to list all shapes I fail to pick the winner in six times. I don't know what " Jingo" has done in the way ; he has not told the public, but I fancy in this just as much in the dark as " Venison" is with his Safeguard, Prince Charlie, and Brouzowhjs. " Jingo's" friend " Jim," the owner of the horse he is willing to match for any amount against anything in Queensland at weight-for-age ought to feel pleased at the estimation he holds his horse in (being endorsed by the handicapper, and placed on the top of the list). The ne' secretary to the Queensland Turf Club is becoming very obnoxious in certain quarters and if he will persist in secur- ing such large entries for Brisbane events, and also in offering sufficient inducements to the owners of good horses to come here and contest against Queesland horses, I don't see where the resignations from the turf will end and really some of our banana sportsmen must in the future have pro or three stone the pull of those young rascal that come across the water, or they will not remain long at their posts. In fact, it requires Berms consideration, now that there are such a number of horses about the Downs, and so lit it for them to run for, whether it would not be better to exclude foreigners altogether, and divide the money among the Toowoomba cities. "Jingo" is entitled to the sympathy I all in his trouble about in whose interest Tl) Stew and ^?'«hrig are running; and as they were, like Cap-a-pie and others, nominated for the benefit of those who may purchase them, the inconvenience and trouble to him could not have been obviated, The Stew, however, runner Abrahams, and Reisling could run for "King" if he bought her. The acceptances for the Ci? will be the best answer to those who have endeavored to write the handicap down, but who have failed to point out the discrepan- J ' cieB, if there are any. Yours, &c;, THE ADMIRAL'S GHOST. The Spectator says s"We have read, only this week), of a machine which, if all that is said of it be true, will convoy articulate orders over many square miles, allow an admiral to give verbal orders to a whole fleet, or enable a general to convey a general order by his own lips to an entire corps d'armee, so that every man shall hear every word at the same indivisible point of time ; and now we have to record a more practical invention than either. Either the conductors of the New York Tribune are lying without motive, and against their own interest, or they have put up a printing machine which realises he dreams of the most advanced newspaper proprietors, and gives to the passion for bury the greatest gratification it has ever yet received. They assert that Messrs. Hoe have put upon their pro- mises : press, 5ft. high, 3ft. wide, and 24ft. long, which can turn out 30,000 copies of their paper an hour ready folded for delivery by post. The entire process is absolutely automatic. A roll of paper half a ton in weight and four and a-half miles long, and in width just double the length of one of the Tribune's pages, is hung on a horizontal axis over the press, the end of the big ribbon is pushed into the machine, a lever starts the revolutions, and, as the rollunwinda, complete copies of the Tribune, neatly 'folded and ready for the mail, issue in two streams from the end of the machine, no hand taching them from the time the half-ton roll is swung into its place till the boys gather up the folded papers and deliver them to purchasers, or turn them over to the mail clerks. Papers To folded have been forwarded to us, and the soldiers neater than when done by hand? though different, the automatic folder folds in longer strips than human folders do, and they have this further advantage, that they are ready cut for reading." 