CHAPTER XXIX " I don't know what ails your father, Bella," said Mrs. Cameron. " I never saw him so nervous. Who are these gentlemen who are coming here to-day. And why did he treat Algeron so coolly last evening P I don't wonder he hurried away so quickly." " I'm sure I can't enlighten you mamma," returned Bella, sadly. " I confess I never saw my father so anxious and perturbed before. I tried to learn the source of his disquiet, hut be would only kiss me. and say perhaps it was only a shadow that would vanish to-day : that until he knew for a certainty, he .should not trouble me." " He asked me to manage that no uninvited visitors should intrude. And yet he wouMn't consent that you and I should go away, and leave a clear field for his geritlemen visHors.,. It is very odd, certainly." "If.itisno worso than dd, I shall be thankful," sighed Bella. And elie watched earnestly as each nriival was an- nounced below. " Judge A-, and Mr. Barstow the lawyer, and Mr. Da*ves. It is a business matter then," she mur- mured. " Oh, bow relieved I feel ! And there is Al geron's voice, It Bounds cheerful and fearless, 'wish I could get a look into his face. But so long as I Ihiar nothing of Guy CHtberoe I seemje feel assured there is no noed^)f my fears." .'?-'<?' %C ?!~ »'.. | Perhaps Mr. Cameron thought so too, for an ex I pression of momentary-relief crossed'his face when he beard the cheery ring of Algeron'a voice. ,But a ghnce into the 1 attar's pallid countenance must have rt-awakened his distrust, for eyes bo clear and perçe- > trating as John Cameron's cquldaot f^i-tq read" th,ej haggard expression of atrong, mentaj exeitenjent reveajed there, . v " Bave I time to run up a moment to speak with Bella P" questioned Algeron. o i ,. ,J No, sir," was the prompt reply. " I particularly request you to refrain from speaking with her until I send for her." , i . Algeron sat down, biting his lips nervously, ¡The next moment he was laughing gayly over some dub joke with the judge. One by one the other, gentle- men dropped in, until Mr. Cameron's library" had the look of a council-chamber. A certain nervana restraint was visible in the manner 'of each new comer, a glance of curious inquiry sect from face to face that betrayed the mutual ignorance of the object of the meeting. > < > Last of all appeared Dawes, who met his« em player's frown with a deprecating explanation : ' >' " I was summoned here by Mr.' Cameron, sir-I supposed it was with your consent." ' ?> ! ' " Certainly," returned Algeron, and made a desper- ate effort to pluck up his failing courage. ' Mr. Cameron pulled out his watch, and glanced at it questioningly several times before he Baid.\ -, .-. " We are watting, gentlemen, for Mr. Guy Clithe roe. It is a little past the hcur he set-a most un- usual proceeding for one i-f his punctual habits, but I am quite sure he will soon make his appearance?' j A shiver ran through Algeron Kent ; his fata Cook ' on a little ghastlier hue, but he kept his eyei'on'the j pamphlet he held in his bands, and said nothing, '. I " I heard a strange rumour this morning. ' It < would have been all over the town but that it was hushed up at the hotel," said one of the gentlemen " It was confidently asserted that Mr. Guy Clitheroe was found in his room in a dying condition, from an overdose of chloroform administered hy' his own hr.nd." "Good Heavens 1 how terrible I"'exclaimed one after another. *, ( 'j' "It must be a mistake,"declared Mr. Cameron, " Why, the whole town would be ringing with the news." , " There has been something strange and unpleasant» you may be sure, I heard one of the watchmen, tee- ing how he heard a woman's voice calling in frantic tones, 'Guy is dead! Guy is dead!' But ña^he midst of bis story he was severely reprimandecr^by, the clerk of the house, and sent away. < The« most earnest efforts have been made to prevent ,the ru_ mor from getting out," continued the first speaker " Of eourse the death of one who has excited,So much attention of late would cause a great deal of excite- ment, especially under such painful circumstances But 1 feel pretty well convinced thiit the young man has attempted suicide, and still rt mains vibrating be- tween life and death, I know that a coroner, was summoned just before I left the place, that two, of our most skilful physicians have been shut up in those rooms of theirs all the morning. There is cer- tainly some foundation for the rumor." Mr. Cameron rang the bell fiercely, .wrote a few ? hasiy lines of inquiry, and despatched the servant to Mr. Clitheroe's hotel. Before he could leave the house, however, there came the stir outside of some carriage arrival, and in a few moments after Mr' Charles Clitheroe was wheeled into the room by hu stalwart attendant, and immediately surrounded by eager inquirers. i ' . I "My son? Te«, Mr. Camelon; for once, my son has failed to keep his appointment. Let it pass now, pienso, or you will unman me. And I have his work to do," he said, his eyes flashing fiercely, his* lips set into a rigid grininess, his face so worn and pale that it was evident enough be bad come from some Been» of severe mental trial. " There will be time enough yet for me to secure and convict his murderer." " His murderer !" ejaculated Mr. Cameron, stagger- ing buck in horror. "Ob, sir, do not'tell me that our noble young friend is murdered," ?' " How can it be ?" exclaimed Algeron Kent. " The chloroform was from his own bottle, and the bottle m his hand." ? " Who told you that ?" demanded Charles Clitheroe wheeling around hie chair upon him suddenly. Algeron saw that he had committed a serious blunder, and hastened to reply, as composedly as he could : " That was the story I beard. I do not vouch ' for its accuracy, but I concluded it might be true because I was with him myself late in the evening, nnd he was using chloroform for the headache, and recom- mended it to me. I think Wentworth will remember I alluded to it as we went home." ' " You wore with him, were you ?" " Yes, Bir, I called there in answer to a request of bis. He accompanied me to the reading-room door, and half-a-dozen gentlemen at least saw our palt- ing;." Chirles Clitheroe's keen eyes were searching his face. " Let it piss now,"he said again. " We .have Guy's business affair to look after. Gentlemen, you were summoned here to listen to a very plain story. The story of a simple country lad who carno to this great city with a heart full of lofty aspirations, of noble sentiments, of trusting faith. Some of you moy re- member him, AU of you were in ono way or another connected with his tragic f >te. The lad's name was Henry Arnold." " Poor fellow," muttered Dawes. Algeron Kent glared at bim from eyes that gleamed like coals of fire out of an ashen face, " I will tell you his story as briefly as I can to do justice to his character, and that of his saintly mother." >, Aud in tesis, bet expressive words, he placed be- fore them a graphic picture of the eager, hopeful boy, the loving, trusting mother. " Now I think you understand concerning one young man. Let me tell j ou of another. A young gentleman gifted with every advantage that wealth and culture can bestow. The pride and pet of his noble old uncle, the idol of society, who turned away from the lessons of uprightness and integrity so care- fully instilled, and true to his father's blood, stooped to deeds of treachery and fraud, who consorted with gamblers and drunkards, and joined them in their evil orgies. This young gentleman was scarcely wise enough to match his bad companions, cunning though he might be to aproad his net around his simpler victim. He was led into dangerous wa} 8. Ile found biinselt threatened on every Bide by gamb- ling debts. He knew that the exposure of his true character to his trusting, hut inexorably honest uncle, would bo ruin. Mark the situation well. He stood upon the brink of a precipice, perhaps be awoke to a knowledge of the danger of his course. What does he do? He forges that generous uncle's name, and cunningly lays a web of evidence around the inno- cent boy. One obtains the money, pays his shameful debts, and hushes all knowledge of his evil course, and stops into his uncle's fortune, and business, and is at present an bonored and envied member of your upper circle here in this discriminating, much vaunted Christian city. The other was convicted by his enemy's contrived evidence, hy your sentence, judge I and juiyTwhoait staring up into my ince ia such in- dignant sympat by, and sent to your prison to break hie; noble heart, with th e tidings of his mother's death- blow, .received at the shameful news of bis disgrace. Look'you to it Here Is my mass of evidence which proves, 'beyond thre shadow of a doubt, that Henry Arnold was innocent of forging AJpljeitsK-'nts name, and that Algeron kent was the bliiclt-hearted villain Who didrif, AU the men wlosa testimony is there, ftand ready to confirm their eUtenient upon oath." ''Algeron Kentl" repeated Mr. Cameron, fiercely. "Speak, man, what have you to say P" ' The Judge had seized upon iii» papers which Mr. Clitheroe flung towaid him, and the whilom jurymen, brought now,to an understanding of why they were iBummonid here, ga'theicd round him to investigate likewise, Algeron rose to his feet, and tried to answer, but hi8,cold, stiff lipa refused to articulate the words, His ghastly face, the wild daspau of his eye, answered forhim, Mr. Cameron groaned. ' ' iOh, my Celia, my pure, innocent Bills," «', Too fate 1 Ob, it was too lute !" muttered Algeron, looking around him wildly, " Now there will be another ghost to haunt mel If I could only undo tua lost crime 1' " Wretched man ! What does he mean ?" asked Mrj Cameron of,Clitheroe. "I understand him only too well. Look you, Algeron Kent. It was only yesterday that Guy .Clitheroe interceded with me to forego my ven- geance, for ¡tis my doing that these things have been huilted up against you. He ssld be torg»ve you freely, He asked oí me to leave you in peace, de- claring that you hnd been sufficiently punished, I allowed him to think I was moved by his generous intercession. But I was not, and I had made up my mind te simply demand that you acknowledge Henry Arnold's innocence and your own guilt to Mr, Cameron, and then you might have gone your way in peace. For his sake, you understand, I was going to be merciful. I was even planning to shield you from the consequence of your own mad Investment in that hollow sham, the stock which this morning's telegram will tell you has burst, like the empty bubble it was.1' Dawes gave a cry of lament, .'Theuthe old houie hssgone up too. Alpheus Kent's old name must be taken down." Algeron looked over to him blankly. He had, lost his honor, his reputation, and Bella. What did it matter to him if his fortune1 went likewise P But he turned to Charles Clitheroe, and cried, huskily : " And you say he interceded for me P" " He did. Had he been here to-day you would have been ¿pored the pangs thi.t I shall drive fiertely home. Wretched'man 1 had you not wronged him bitterly enough already, but that you must conspire against his life likewise p" " What horrible thing are you sajing, sir?" deman- ded Mr. Cameron; "this is too monstrous for be- lief." "Is it too monstrous to be true, Algeron Kent?" demanded Charles Clitheroe, sternly. The wretched Algeron threw up his hsnds with a gesture of despair : " Th» curse of Cain is branded on me. Why should I seek to hide it? It was I who set Jim Darke to work." " It ia well for you to acknowledge it," said Cli theroe, solemnly, " for it is Jim Darke who has died to-day. He fell through the elevator passage-way, and lived only long enough to confess his long anny of hideous deeds." " If Guy Clitheroe were only alive n«ain, I would be content to accept whatever punish ment you might decree," said Algeron, in a heart-broken roice, j " Who was this Gay Clitheroe ?" asked the jud03, suddenly. " I remember a speoch of his that has starred certain suspicions, and this pardon i rom the governor confirms thom, especially by its recent date," ( i " He is Guy Clithero«, he teas Henry Arnold," said a clear, rich vujpe from the threshold, and the next mordent, Guy, pale, weak, and tottering, but with sniilingjips, and hopeful eyes, was helped into the room by Morrell Aspin wall's supporting arm. A now amazement, a fresh excitement cime over tbe group, , "Alive, Alive I" cried Algeron Kent, in a transport of relief. " Oh, Heaven be praised ! that this guilt is lifted from my soul." " Alive ! recovered I" echoed Charles Clithoroe, the tears flowing down his cheeks. " Oh, Guy, my boy, they told me ) me you would never return to con- sciousness again. I bave been binding down my grieff that I might avenge your wrongs, and convict yourmurderer. Now may Heaven be praised for its mercy." "And may men show the like mercy, my dear father I" added Guy, earnestly. "Ile revived almost as soon as you left," explained Mr. Aspinwall, " and seemed quite like himself ; and when be found out whero you were, nothing would stop him from coming, unfit as we all pionounced him.1 ,, - "AILbut Eleanor-when she knew that I came to skip' Retributive vengeance, she whose anxious souci tude 'saved my life, bade me make the effort," said Guy,,proudly* s " I ..hall have my boy again !" exclaimed Charles Clitheroe, clinging to his nacd. "What does our Nelly say ? I could not endure to look into her pale set face while she worked over you. How glad that face must be now." " She came with us She is waiting with Miss Cameron in another room," explained Morrell Aspin wall. " She Would not trust us alone. But indeed the fresh air has proved the most wonderful restoier for him. He could not walk at all when we left the hotel." " And what have you.bsen doing here, my father ?' naked Guy. " Revealing Henry Arnold's story,and his betrayer's infamy," answered Charlas Clitheroe. "But I leave the matter in your bonds now. I am content, what- ever you decide, Guy." " Is that really so My dear, dear father, how can I thank youl" returned Guy, with glowing eyes. "Then I will beg of all these gentlemen, for the sake of the wrong they have all unwittingly done to Henry Arnold, [to bury what they have heard here in their own breasts, and allow him tho satisfaction of forgivicg all to this already severely punished, and I trust tiuly repentant man, Algeron Kent, I would never touch, your hand before, but I offer it freely now. I repeat again that I forgive you, here and now, and promise to bear no malice in the future. I do not believe that I need to charge you to forsake the ways of evil and deceit. I behove your own heart is yearning to leam the way to atonement and expiation. My friends, let us all bury this unpleas- ant episode from our memory, Hen^y Arnold's good old name is vindicated. I ask no more." "A grand, heroic, Christian man," murmured John Cameron, and then sighed bitterly as he glanced to- ward the pitiful contrast. And yet Algeron Kent had never been so truly worthy as when he bent over the profiered hand and faltered : " Moy B eaven reward you ! As for me it does not matter what I suffer if I am only allowed to live long enough to show how sincerely I repent of my griev- ous sins.' "Let üb not bb too bard upon bim, sir," said Guy engerly, as he saw Mr, Cameron's stem'face, add' gloomy eyes. " An indulged youth of proaperous and admired success is f-carcely likely to develope that integrity ¿f purpose and manly etrengtb of will which ^you so much approve. He is more likely to attain it now. Exposed, humiliated, tried in such a fiery ordeal as he has rec-ntly been, j ou may be euro thac be is far worthier of your friendship, and trust,' and affection, tin» when he walked among you suc- cessful, admired, applauded, knowing himself to bo a whited sepulchre indee^." Mr. Cameron shook his head slowly, but, before he could speak, Algeron sud, mournfully : " Do not think, sir, that I am presumptuous enough to expect that you will still give rae Bella for my wife. No, no ; dear as she is to me, I renounce her | here, knowing only too well how unworthy I am Of her purity and goodness, Yet it shall henceforth be the inspiration of all my fiforts to leam to be worthy of loting her, hopelessly, as I must do to my latest hour. I will not even ask to see her «gain to say farewell, if it is pgainst your judgmont. Toll her to forgettbatshe'.husever lovod me atall,toputaway from her all remembrance of my existence, if sho can. To ' choose a wisi-i, n ,bler, safer man to walk with her along the lofty ways that have been her aspira- tion end pride of the future Bhe has often planned. I think it will be easier than you think, for there have been many times when she has shrunk iway from me chilled and disappointed, because I could not fol- low ber into those higher hopes. Because I dared not. I with my guilcy secret shut close from the world's knowledge, how coild I prate of noble philanthropies and chivalrous self-renunciations P I wns not hypocrite enough for that. Tell her to think of me now striving; to learn those gracious ways, since this hideous burden of guilt is lifteifrom mj bouI, that sometimes, somowheie in the after-life it may be, 1 may be worthy of her friendly, forgiving emile." . " He shall tell it himself. My dear Mr. Cameron, promise me that he shall see your daushter,and hear his verdict from her own lips," cried Guy. But Mr. Cameron shook his head resolutely, " I have my daughter's welfare to consider. That is of moro cousequence to me ttmn any sufferings of this man who has dared to sBek her band with his own so stained with crime." " I do not blame him," declared Algeron, humbly, 4* I do not deservo the forgiveness I have already re- ceived. I love Bella with all the strength of my be- ing. There is a proof of it in the terrible deed I plan- ned forlaät night, rather tbnn give her up. BntI have come to see th it I cauld not he happy or satis- fied again, to claim even such a treasure, while I feltrnysolf unworthy, I have been too generously dealt with already. The agonizing remembrance of Henry Arnold's dishonorable death and wretched life is removed from me The curse of Guy Clitheroe's murder is likewise lifted I rom my soul, and a living generouB friend stands before mo uniting in himself the two identities, and thus laying forever the accu- sing spectres tant have haunted me night and day. It is more than I deserve, I accept all other punish- ment as light in comparison with my desert." " By George, man, I never thought to offer you hand of mine, but here it is !" «xclaimod Charles Clitheroe, pushing his chair forward impetuously and stretching out his hand toward the humbled Al goran. " There's the right spirit in you at last. Don't you worry over that stock. I have got my thumb on the scoundrels who have been running the sham, and I'll make them disgorge your share at last." " You overwhelm me, You shame me into the very dust," groaned Algeron. " Well done, Charles Clitheroe," cried Guy, with a rapturous smile. " We should have Nelly here to heur and see," " Where is she, the little witch 1 Of course she was sure to conquer us. We might have known it, She may burn the black book and welcome now." , "A glorious consummation indeod!" murmured Guy; and then be laid a playful hand upon the shoulder of Dawes, whose head was drooping in as crest-fallen a way as if the misdeeds revealed had been of his own doing, " I say, old fellow, you have your share to forgive. My good Uawes, those papers yonder-some of them came from out the great safe in your counting-room. Honest guardian that you were, we baffled you per-, haps because you gave us God-speed bo unconsciously. Go home, Mr Dawes, relieve Ned's secretly anxious mind, Tell bim you pardon our little ruse." It requireda moment's contemplation upon the part of Dawes to elucidate his meaning. Then be Bmiled broadly. "Ob, Mr, Clitheroe, you and the young rascal wore too much for me. I see it now." Buthere the young gentleman after a short consulta- tion,', becamo aware of leaving Mr. Cimeron's family alone to meet the forthcoming shock. They went forward separately to shake hands with Guy and ex- press their regrets for their own share in his former condemnation. " I sha'n't forget your rebuke, Mr. Clitheroe," said the judge, gravely. " And, when 1 am again upon the bench I shall give more careful scrutiny, more Christian charity," When they had taken their departure there came a light knock at tho door, and as it opened imme- diately after, Bella's playful face was thrust in. " If the great event is over may we ladies venture to intrude?" she asked, merrily. "Miss Nellie is painfully anxious about Mr. Guy's health, and has beon trembling and starting at every sound." It was impossible, to refuse, though Mr. Cameron was deeply annoyei. And the next iistant Bella, with one arm about Nelly's waist, and behind them» Mrs. Cameron swept into the room and mingled with the gruup. Bulla saw Algeron's eyes fixed wita a wild, intense yearning upen her face, and trembled a little, for she conld not fail to read something of the passionate pain of tho mute farewell bo was taking. But the next instant he wrenched them as it were from their clinging hold, and bowing gravely to Mr. Cameron said, as he passed through tile door : " I will relieve you of my presence, sir. But do not think I do it resentfully or angrily. I leave be- hind me my truest blessing, my fonaest wishes. " Why does be go ? How vexatious !" exclaimed obtuse Mrs, Cameron. "I wanted him to join me in urging a new project upon you. Mr. Clitheroe, Miss Nelly tells me you will probably return speedily to your own home, hut I am extremely anxious that you should consent to remain for Bella's wedding. Why, it is only two weeks away. We have had so much excitement that we have hardly been aware how the time has sped." "Hush, oh, mamma," vantured Bello, looking anxiously into her father's darkened face. k" You may spare the invitations, my poor wife thank Heaven they have not yet gone out I" spoke Mr. Cameron sternly. "There will be no wedding. Instead I shall take you and Bella away to Europe at unce." "No wedding! and the time fixed as everybody knows, and the new house ready. Oh, John, what can you mean ?" Bella; pale and trembling went over to his side, " Papa, what has Algeron done ? she asked, faintly. "He is a double dyed villain, my poor little Bulla, ne is unworthy a single thought of yours. Du not let him cause a singla pang to that innocent breast." 8he stood silent, with those lirgegrov* eyes fixed wistfully upon hil face, with one hand pressed hard against her heart. ' \ , Guy Clitheroe watcbod her tervously, not without - a'secret ping of compunction, remeniboruig the part he had played upon their first introduis ion. Hof f. without a trembling fear that ha .iii^Lt have sue«, , ceeded in what would now prove a ;>,reat grief and reproach to him, He stepped for ward promptly. "Mr. Cameron, you must forgive mo if I displease you, but I cannot refrain from assuring jour daugh-, ter that I believe Mr. Kent wilL become a nobler, grander man in bis penitence acd downfall than he has ever seemed in big days of prospnrity. In justice ; , to myself and him, I must say that 1 li mo only this day given him my hand, that henceforth I shall be a -, warm and true friend to one who has accepted bo, , penitentially the exposure which ans come upon ," him." "You are very generous. But it '-. one thing to forgive and another thing to take to your heart, ' such a proved villain," answered Mr. Cameron, fiercely. "Bella, my darling, it is ri^ht you should hear the miserable story. I will tell j ou the whole, why I ask you to forget him, and thon ve will never speak his name apain." " Let me tell it P" cried Guy, and took care to re- peat Algeron's own touching words in reference to herself, and to Eliov the terrible totnputions that had urged Algeron to bis last desperate plans. Bella listened with absorbed attention, but Btill iu that quiet, calm way that betrayed nothing of her real sentiments. Once her eyes turned wistfully to Nell j's tem ful face, and then went buck to her father's gloomy countenance, and a quivering sigh shook ber breast. But there were no tu ira or sobs- - no outward manifestation or emotion. "This is terrible 1 oh, how terriiile!" exclaimed Mrs. Cameron, while she wiped away her own pro- fuse tears. "What a scandal and talk it will make !" Her husband's lip curled. " We can bear a little idle gossip, I think. Be thankful that the exposure has come in season to save Bella from becoming that man's wife. Tiejoice that she is saved from life-long wretch* deesa." Still Bella said nothing ; but put her hand to her head in a dazud, numb way, that was pitiful to see. Sympathetic Eleanor stole to her, and began strok- ing her head softly while she murmured : "Dear Miss Cameron, do not restrain your tears Do not try to hide your grief. Comfort will cometo you again. Be sure of it." " Ah," exclaimed Bella, shatply, " how can you tell me that P Stay, tell me what you would do if the case were yours. Suppose that it wore j ou, and Guy Clitheroe-but that is not like, for he is your bro- ther." " No," snid Guy, coming forward promptly, " he is not a bro'her; he will never be a brother if Nelly will give him a dearer claim, ne loves Nelly as Algeron loves you. Answer, Eleanor dearest. Go on, Bella, with your question." Bella's eyes took on a wider dilat on, while Elea- nor, rosy to her very forehead, left her hund in Guy's tender grasp. " Yes, Miss Nelly, what would you do if it were this Guy in Algeron's place, and you were in mine ?' continued Bella, ia that cold, unnatural voice. " What would I do ?" repeated Nelly, with a little _ sob of transport breaking the silver clearness of her tones, " If I were sure of his peniteuce, I would love him all the more. I would be bis helper, his coun- sellor, his guide back to the right and safe path." " Heaven bless this loving generous heart I" ejacu» ated Guy, regardless of all the eyes about bim, as be ,. folded the blushing tremblor in his arms. " Heaven bless her and make me worthy of it !" " You hear, father P" aaid Bolla. " Go and te\l . Algeron that when he can como to me with his own self-approval, worthy, as he said, of loving me hope- lessly, that I shall be waiting to welcome him with a nobler affection than he could claim before During that ti aie you may do with me what you will." John Cameron stood with black brow and indig- nant eyes, " Novar 1" he said, fiercely. "Never, never I" Charles Clitheroe touched bia arm lightly. " My friend," he said, " the circum»tunees are too strong for you. You have but one daughter. Can you afford to break her heart, to wrecic ber life ?" But the stern old gentleman stood invincible, until suddenly, with a little moan,Bulla reeled and sank to the floor, and lay there cold and whito, Then he sprang to raise her mi\ a bitter cry. "Bolla, Bella! I will not deny your wish, Let bim retrieve his character, and you shall have your wayi My darling ! my darling ! your happiness ia above all other considerations." " It is all right now," saiS Guy. " I think we may return to the hotil and satisfy those irate doctors tha no harm has come from,my rebellion, Nelly, my darling, you understand that you havo to take iu charge the life you saved last night, when you went to Morris' door and begged him to look in and see if there were any fever symptoms. My little Nelly, you have savod us in more ways ttan one, you know." "I shall bave a father's claims despite the sick mon over there, Mus Nail," quoth Cmrloä Clitheroe, merrily. " I defy him to take you away from me, now that my son's claims will soon supersede his." " Poor father, you must Bond mo bick to him at once. He will fear I have forsaken him entirely. How beautiful it is that I may love you all !" 