A..JDEBAM. . FORWARDED TO' DOWNING STREET. _ This moridng, yomr Lnrdshlpa, widtet lyihk b hed,_r A very queer dream came Jnto my head ; Idreamt IwaaaakedtoBtoinbonl todine : Off monstreus Turkey, and very fine wioe. It is needleee.my Lards,toadd that I went, ; - Arriving, I foud there were covers for four, . And shle tablee, too, for three or four mora ; : Abdul Hamed preoded — he being ths host — - But it struck me he looked more Hke .ghost . Old GdrteohakoffaotedaB Ids cw-o-eu, And he played a fine 11 game," as you'll presently see. On the right of theSnlten Oount Andrassy sat, W ith a rubicund nose, and tremendously tat ; On the left perched Lord LyosB,knen as hawk, jjftuhfailyfivjw Ah <rf Tb« master befogmcft, it fell to the lot Of the u Yiae" id ciurra till vhich lie did Eke a u shot" ' When fiuj rame to the oofike folpti izs aQ roaod, Taking deoced|roodcatie to cnt ontlhe sound ; Where he crammed jtfXnj Lorde.was a riddle to all, Thongifoi month looked, bo hhfo etopiacheem,,d Gome etid "twas packed up for tfisinasterythe Czar, ' But really > think that vrae going too for. Next the Tnrtoay, good Lord I tthai a bird T We all emadrid our Bps, bat said never a word Svary part of the fom was dime to the T, Bone as fovna as any nocked Tmtoj could be. Waiter , cried Gorfwrhiiknff, "bring me the eteei; You caht think, Gentmoaa/ how hungry I fed" He dextenmtij whipped off the whole oft be breast, Two vringa, two legs, many thought—and Fm bleet If he didnt ask qb to ooBar " tfae vest ! Lord Lyone' brow darkened, and Andrassyi too; Metiionght they both locked in s denes of a etew ; Bat, as to onr host, he was quite u off his feed." "Withal he looked strangely oontented indeed. At last old Gortschakoff cwmingly jose, And press'd Abdul Ahmed with parson's large nose ; Quoth Saltan, with eyes flashing Are, and quite cross, YooVe crammed me enough with San Stefono I fiance." Briiaimitie brow deared whea the next ocmrae came in, And Count Andrassy, too, -pot ob a queer grin When they Hftedthe cover, and saw4htir good 'took, In a smblang hot lirf, ctileda Miiflcovy-dnck!'' u W aicer " cried Lyone, faring us carver and steel. You cant think, your Highness, how hungry we feel; The Count and myself have boon waiting our turn, What's left of the ghastly old Turkey we spurn: Went dexterously col up this birdlf you pfosse, And afcer, we'll take some old uP«rts> with otir cheese. Bultan and " Yjoe "looked from one to the other, Gortschakoiff arid sraniBtiifog very fike" bother." Sonwoiw kept idangfcr And others cried firoely u Bulgaria SkmgJtUsrl1 Lord Lyons kept shoottngotrt Bardanrilee Straights !" MuBQory skedaddled soon out of the gates, With uli %wixt his legs, to his mister he ran, Screaming 448an Stefono stufitog not worth a— — " 1 awoke, my Lords, and hasten to osmxaaafeate to your Lordships thfo most extraordinary" dream in its entirety, and subscribe mjreH myself £, Kenton, Exeter, 22nd March, 1878. 