SPORTS. THE COMING CRICKETING SEASON. ' A C0&BE8P05DZST;, a well-known Brisbane cricketer, sends us the following remarks on the subject of the forthcoming cricketing Beason:-. The season about to be commenced promises to be one of the best that Queensland has yet beheld. The Queen's Park, it is traef will not be ready for the various clubs to do battle on, ?? but then we hare that enthusiast of cricket^ host Hamilton, who, I hear, has cleared away . a largo portion of ground, so that two matches can be played at once. Then there is Padding- . ton Pit, so called by "Grabber," where a rame can be played at a pinch. Toowong, tig with talent this year, has by no * means a bad turf to play on, and, no doubt, their cricket ground will be the scene of many a goodly contest in the coming season, Too wong, 1 believe, play their first match against the Milton eleven, in the middle of next month, when, no doubt,'there will be alarge attendance to witness this fight, which already is being looked forward to with interest. Toowong is strong, no doubt, made up as it is of Albert, Stanley, and other clubs, but Milton will give them a hard tussle, seeing it has got a valuable addition to the bowling department. I hear from an Oxley cricketer that their new ground is ready, and that a fine wicket can be pro cured there. X hope the Stanley Clnb will show up this time, for it would bo a pity for & club that has earned for itself a name in days past to give up the ghost. On, Stanley, on! yon can yet teach the Alberts a lesson, and dress down, Milton and Toowong. But what of the "Waratahs ? -JThejfV . are not defunct, I believe, not as^Iowis*. as there is a Petrie or^a. JBanbury aboufc^J know. I have front rank amongst the clubs in. the city?^Iaafci\s,* me now pat down the probable programme of ' matches to be played by the Milton Eleven in the cricket season about to dawn 1 March* r 1 i? " V X .» r. April Easier Sat-'"' nnloy and i .. Easter 1 Monday . 15 of iircokiicld UoEGoodna "... 11 of "Wara tab's . 15 of Oxley (return) ... 11 of Warutah's. ... 11 of Ipswich v.. ... 11 of tuoBairics ... 11 of Toowong (roturoj U of Alberts' (return); 11 of Waratah (return) 11 of the Artillery 11 ot Stanley's y ... ^ Brisbaao ? Of course the above table is subject to alter* ations, but tho programme, I have no. doubt, j will bo adhered to an near as possible. Per. haps the other clubs will furnish you with their proposed table of matches. 