NEW WESLEYAST CHURCH, BATTLZ-j I • :• -HAMHnii,l; " < The - Memorial. Stone . 'of the Church at iBaulkhain Hills, was laid.on Wed., nesday last, by Mr. J. Gojledga, J;P„'-of. Parraqiatta.' .luncheon was held on tlio gTojand before' the commencement of the) ceremoiy. Unfortunately a'' heavy -thunderstorm' broKS ovjer the neighbourhood .at a )ittle after' two 1 o'clbck^wettrng, tho. refreshment tables in tjus tcmpbraiy -bpoth, but in no way . dsfljpinjj the. endeavours bf the lady provedores to bid au -andbvbrjone a hearty welcome. ' : Not wtthstahdlng the,-bad weather; there was -ft numorous at- 1 tendance, many-jleading .Parramatta! citizens. : .. . , t . ..;, „ i, -. .-i . At about : 4 p.m.,, the ceremony was com-., menced by tho -sjnging of a hymn. Thb E6v.,' Mr.* Oram then read an - appropriate portion 6f Scripture; after whicli, the Ecv. Mr. Dawson engaged in" prayer. - , .,.,/j j. ., The Eev. Mr, Oram (snpmiiitendent of -.the circuit),, then said that Mr., John -Golledgb had- .been ipv^ted here. that day to lay the. memorial- Stone;' Before he asked that gentlemen to |>roi, cood with to :task, lie desired to read' to,th<aii ft copy of b. document which had been placed in a bottle to be.deposited in a cavity bsneath the memorial • stone.- , -It ran AS fol lows" The memorial ,stone of this church was laid by Johij Golledge, Esq., J.P., bf Parramatta, on Wednesday,'the 30th October, 187*8, in' the reign of Queen .Victoria, -Sir Hei-ciiles Ebbinsoii,' G.C.M.G.,, being, , Governor, of New South', Wales. The trustees ^ of the church; ttre :— John : 'KbntiPoH, Henry' Kent well, William Kentwell',"Solomon.NoAkcs, John' Golledge, Joseph Smith, George Thomas Hunt,, Jkmes Tamsfltt, and Thomas Iicfed. JJfinisters'iof the Circuit: Jtev. Joseph Oram, Kev.-Jomes-W; Dowson, and the Ecv. H. H. Gbud,; supernumary: 'The Rev. George Hiirst, President of ; the Ne W South WalbS Conference, and Chairman bfrtlie Sydney; Di Strict." : • The bottle also contained, a eopy of, ;(Jie latest issue of ite TFesleijan Weekly Advocate and a copy. ,fjf th Sydney Mofnitig BerM dated the' 30th October One thing : be regretted and that was, they werenqtin'a.position to preseht Mr. Golledge with thq Tisual copiplimentary trowel and mallet. Biit he knew Mr. Golledge understood the criw." ,"•.", . ' ;!, «, .(,- The Stone was now 1 lowered and duly plfu^d in position 1 -by.Mr. Golledge, who ther6npoh declared.that , thfe.. memorial- stone of the tiew Weslej-aV-^iiWhjitBaulkhmn Hills/was ; well and truly laid in the name , of the Father,. ;of the Sob',' ab'^ of the Holy Ghost. .'.'.'' ! • ! 'Mr. GbUbdge said he Was sure Ihby would all agree iHth. him that the erection, of a; place of (n-orahipdn.any locality waa a. work bf real interest. 'For "his own part, ho sincerely rejoiced with his many Baulkham Hills friends, tliat theyhad resolved upon bUildihg S new house to God. He. fully^^spaded that:the iWord preached in it would tend to the diffusing'of light and ble^ed influenoe on the neigh-; bourho'oa. Aiid how far that. influepce would extend,"hone eoifld telL By.it mair be called into the'foldand prepared bytjie greai Master to' go forth and proclaim- His t¥uth, ijnt -oaly in 'New. South Wales,, but perchance evei} (who knew?) in thfl far awny; itte'o'f the sea. He firmly believed that in their church tho Gospel would be faithfully pr^jc They had various 'Classes' bf preachers, men of ;various talents—some perhaps it might "be isaidJinlettered,-,lwt all ,able and anxious-to preach the Gospel, pf Christ. The truth-received from their ministers, whether from thejr Regular clergy, or their noble band of local preachers, was able to convert men to Christ. He was proud of their' local preachers, and he could say this without foar : of contradiction," that iiad. it not been for tiie evangelistic efforts of ;the Wesleyan body .the people of : Baulkham Hills, _ Castlo Hill, and neighbouring districts would in the ''past hive %acn without tharegii1ar4>rditianceS of religion. it was also . subject matter for gratitude * to God that other Protestant Churcb.es. were now working in the same cause and that soon all the settled districts of the country would have the inestimable advantages of,regular religipus services. Ho "hoped tbpy would Keep on with e good work, labouring unitedly as one man, to bring it to.a successful,issue. .'.Before he closed, he would ask those who felt inclined ;if> give anything in aid of the work, to lay tlipir offerings on the memorial sfone. Hp, would like to see a respectable sum raised, and wpuld "bk happy himself to be one of ten to raise, ijie, Sum of £20. Cipplause.) ;,, , ,;- i ,' . ,'-'; Various suuu were then placed on fhestone,; Amounting in all to over £35. ' The Eev. Mr., Gaud Bald he, regarded work as one of'.sa«bd."and solenib interest. ,.VA itt ^bdeyai i ; pl^ I L- of wsiMp mu.' ^ J^ thing; A qu^riof a before t.il^. he ^. had i.j"£5:j "ministered Ai at Baulkham Hills i Butsho; could (cordially express bis sympathy with their actio A." They were, .enlarging their ^borders, and that was an indic^iuob of sypc -lie old place' would dpubtle4. ..in; '^grateful recollectioft of, maby.' He wis glji .ysps.tliom doing^heir 'snare in making prpyiBipn idjr the religioiis needs of the filtu " ,y?ofk was an tuipnsion of the .ojiusj) so tho conferring .of a .bebtefit,;^., ^country. He Sbpliisvecf that J-Hp/Eyar' ,p%rcheB were," a cquntfy's; .wread of GospbJ Triith . ini 1djod-more*for a. people than' pplitical, re£orin»i legislative, wisdom} high philosophy, fleets ;bi ironclads,; or linghty armies! Do away' witk; public worship, ana every fevil work would spread. He commended to them the Cornishmotto, " bbe and all," and hoped they i^LE^i no drones pmong them—men who . pojild- .growl and grujible, but' do' notiing.,plsie t,.,,'Hj- ;hppe was that'they would work, togethe unitedly, trusting, to Goi',for',fljiB faypur ani Mr. Dowson next , _ .the/meetin^, in the • course bf liis remarks pxpressing his graiitude for the truly Catholic mint shown by me Episcopalians 1 jHiil dishiots, in pending the Wes'. of their school-room during the erection of thpi 1 newbmlding. ' • " '^j The Bev. Mr. Drain stated that the subspnption list in aid of tho building fund amounted to Jibe's., Which wfyh the £35 collected that day ibiide'a total of a'very, enoourstging charar 1 " ', The^ftcxJedings termihatpd with the si ofthe Dbxology, and 'tho'pronouncing < the Eev. Mr. Oram.' ; .THE btest lopvelty in tho way of- Exhibitions is'au lnternatiotial Exhibition ofpaper-<attBerliti. Thiire are 487 exhibitors, of whom twentyfiTB'are Aiistrians, »even" English, five belp-- D four Biistian, four Amerieab, three' Swed t three Italian, one Frenoh, one' Dutch; 1 snd' one Danish,. while, the paper trade of China end Japan is represented by tbb eolleotion belonging to the Berlin Museum, lent for the' occasion. One df the curiosities of,tfa'e exhibition iss One- ^tory hftueo coiuitruoted almost entirely of paper. Xbe body of.1 he -building is of'wood, but it is lined insi^e and out with paper, of which mqr • e teitel tlie roof is also constructed. Inside, (he, p doois/'coilirigs, lustree, blinds,'curtains and ' floprclptb ire of poper, as; too, i« all the furbit«re-T-rduWti to a stove, Which is warranted not to ; Clltc.h .fir®., ;. . ; . w MR. T). UOBEN, of Euabolong, seads us. p s o w p • (Evening'fieics') the following A. man, whom, he polios iuve strong reason to believe to be Eobert Wetherall, an esoaped lunatic, from the Parramatta Lunatic Atylum, in 1862, wla'e confined there as a criminal lunatic—under a fiflcen yeaTs' sentence, for highway robbery under arms, coinmitted on Mr.' Hurley, near BurroW*, has~beeh ariested here by senior-Contuble Hjijet snd cpns<ahle Connors. ' 0N MPW»V, M'' r G- 11. Bnynfir, of ihe King'" • School, Parramalu, was elected a member of the N. S» r Wi Umiwiii Society. ; 