A PRETTY FACE., My name is Henry Bassette. I am an en-t graver , by trade, by birth a Frenchinan, by education an American.' My age is five-andtwenty,. $nd I am by no means a rich taan. Had I been one, I certainly should not have hired, on the first pf. May,, eighteen hundred and seventy-three, the studio at the top of the building number thirty-three, street, room number twenty-fpnr 7 firstly, because . the room was small; secondly, because the ' building was old and ill-cared for ; thirdly, because the street was by no means a genteel one. However, I had hired it, and I had taken thither my small possessions—my bed, which became a lounge by day, my table, my three chairs, my striped carpet, iny lwoks, the shelves that held them, my bachelor's cooking apparatus, aud my tools—and I had gone to work at the illustration of the next week's " Public Astonisher"—a mysterious figure clad in a foldless dressing- gown, and something, presumably a turban, which, sitting in a modern kitchen- chair, held up its right hand mechanically, as though it were voting; while something, that might have been the ironing-board on castors, with a veil atop, tumbled in at a barn-door with curtaius to it, with both hands up, like those of the figures little boys draw upon their slates for ghosts. " The Sultan and the Lady Miranda mutually astonished at each other's appearance," said the text; aud the observer mentally added, "Aud no wonder." I was doing the Lady Miranda's nose—a very long Grecian—when lifting up my eyes I looked across the well-like space between my window and that of the opposite house, and canght sight of the prettiest face that had ever met my eyes—a face of Cuban darkness, with great velvet eyes, black hair that clustered about the forehead in statuesque waves, and lips rounded aud soft as an infant's, and red as reddest coral. It w^s the face of a young woman of twenty, and she had been looking at me. When she caught my eye, die at once averted her gaze and left me free to look at her; and now I saw her profile. Nothing could have been&ore; regular or sweeter, and the neck and bust seemed perfect. Her . dresa was black, with a scarlet bow in the hair and a knot of the same color at the breast; and she seemed to be at work at something which required delicate care. Looking closer, I saw that she was coloring photographs. The Sultan and the Lady Miranda demanded attention, of course; but every now and then t lifted my eyes and feasted them on the beautiful face of my vis-a-vis. Some people deny that there is such a thing as love at first sight. Perhaps they are right. But then, what was,it that came into my heart for diy 'lovcly^ unknown neighbor t There is. no other name for it. When the evening shadows fell and hid her from my sight it was a grief to me. About midnight I retired. I had watched all the evening in the dark to see a light in that opposite window, but none had appeared, and I had decided that it was a work-room, whence the workers departed at eventide. On the morrow she would be there again, no doubt. I would hasten the morrow by sleeping as soundly as possible, by dreaming of her if I could. I was foolish enough, I remember, to go through with a certain rhyme which an old French aunt of mine had declared would always bring a dream of one's "future" if repeated just at the Btroke of twelve, if one refrained from speaking, taking a drink of water, or saying one's prayers afterward. The last stroke of twelve had dropped upon the air from a clock hard by as I ended the foolish lines, and my eyes closed with an odd weight upon them. I felt that I was about to slumber. How many minutes passed I do not know, but I seemed to be awakened by a shrill scream—the cry of a woman's voice. Such sounds are common enough in the city, and at first it gave me merely a feeling of annoyance, in that it had disturbed my repose; but when it was repeated, and I Heard the words, " Help! help !" in a voice which was neither coarse nor vulgar, it occurred to me that, instead of coming from the lips of some drunken brawler, as I had at first supposed, it might be that of some innocent being in distress ; aud without a moment's hesitation I hurried on my clothes, aud dashed out of my room and down into the street. Here I stood staring about me without seeing any one. The street was deserted aud utterly dark, save for the blue and crimson gleams from the window of a druggist's shop at the corner ; but I heard the screams agam, and this time discovered that they came from the house next door; aud hurrying into the public entry, which was quite unguarded, I came at once upon the scene of action. A woman was struggling in the arms of a filthy and degraded-looking brute, who reeked with whisky, and was clad in rags that were scarcely deserviug of the name of garments. " Let me go 1 she cried. " Take the money—take all I have, but let me go!" But the next moment I had levelled the brute to the .ground with a blow, and had jtood between him and the worn. . Apparently I had not hurt the fellow much. After lying motionless for a moment, he scrambled to his feet, gave me a furious look, appeared to meditate an attack upon me, changed his mind, and staggered out at the J .oor. " He is gone," I said to the woman. " You are safe; but has he robbed you? Shall I follow him and detain him ?" She answered by clasping her bands to. yether as though in prayer. (To ht concluM in ovr rn'xt). 