One of the nrgmneots urge d against tiie GovMnment Reform Bill is that it can never become law. It is sore to be rejected by the Upper House ; and it is bound to meet with the same fate when it readies England. The Legislative Council having refused to pass the bill, end thB nature of the bill being a departure from the principles of government .hitherto recognised in the old land,' its rejection -by Downing Street Is fixed by anticipation. The Government of, England at this 'moment b a Tory Go vernment; it -commands a strong sup port in both Honsee of FatUsment and- the coanby; and it wiH :ao£ therefore, be« party to the passing of any measure which would tend to- abridge the prln- legee of wealth, and contract the power of our second Chamber. Hence, in the event of it becoming necessary, which: of course it w31 be, to ask the Imperial. Government to do -far as in Engiand what wb Cannot do forooraelveB bere, toeteenlt will be inevitable. Hbe request will be, dedmed with thanks; and irar ambassadms w3I have bad theJr-jpuraey for' nodiing.i Now ail dug u very f»etty, as far asit goerj -bot we entmiit itb a veiy fbdish' way of dealing with a serious subject. Far,: how can we ppeeiMy jnow what treat-' m&t; rids bdl yvin recwveJfrom the Im-= perial Government nntfl the necessary steps have been taken for the purpose of getting this information ? What proofs have we that Earl BEACONSFIELD and Ins -colleagues will decline to engineer tins: measure through the two Chambers Id London, and thus give a new, aoand,end' workable cmstituthHi to tito colony? ddt-: eoiutely none. Tba fact of the prin- oples of the measure being novel to England furnishes 110 reason why the comae whidi the Gpporirion predicate will he followed. -Otherwise, ritebdl for Ysffida- ting manisge wirii a deceased wife's sister would sever have becomepart of rite lawW ridsconnby. That measure was, and stfil is, a veiy derided departnre firota the policy of the cM lima. lndeed, wieo4hefaai readied Fnlnndtbri iiuisiinnln aaliiijrjoiii niiliiitii in Lbodon'-to dedare IhWBwere dgwnhi sons of (be old stockfor tiyiDg to viobtiea Cardinri doctrine tf Yhe EngHsh dundi, and throw the sscred dnracter of the Bifltwmnrial QQtibptipir ' fate - , pf Bcentioua confuwioB. Vet that HH(u «snctiooBd by ths : LnPI9n|l , anflMriSB alri»ng|i it vb s terrible itnying away btnEjdren. fffhyjAonld not tfa same reealt follow with the Reform Bill which b now being discussed in the Assem bly ? Certainly we can see no reason -why, because all the evidence points to afavorable conclusion. In the first plaob, there b the -distinct promise of the Imperial Govern ment 'that whatever eteps we deem neces sary to take for the -better government of . thiB colony will be cheerfully supported by Downing Street. In the second place, we have the pregnant fact that Downing Street js quite as rick, of onr dead -locks and quarrels as w e are ourselves,. and would, be only too. glad -to. render disturbances of the like kind. impossible in tiie future. What Downing -Street will be sure to ask for is a aound and substantial guarantee that the bulk of the people desire the mode of re form solicited. And that guarantee will, have to'be furnished by' onr " ambassadore" before the Reform Bill will be laid before the lmperial Parliament. :. Bnt having re- ceived this assurance in a solid form, there will be ho difficulty afterwards. J U8t as it was, in effect, in the case of the bill for validating marriage with a deceased wife'e sister, so it will be wish the Reform Bill. The Reform' Bill will receive the approval "of Earl beaconsfield and_ ins colleagues, find the necessary steps will then be taken to give it legal application. It seems to us, therefore, that the scare which the Oppo sition is trying bo hard to raise in connection with :this bill, is qnite ground less, and that ' anything like' the cold Bhonlder from the Imperial Government on this- .subject, need, nbt be. appre hended for a single moment. The first con sideration of, the Imperial Government b to eep on the best terms of .amity .with the colonies by granting all. their reasonable reqUeste ; the next is to put a stop to dead-locks and disputes in Vic toria so as to have eome. pieace in the fotnre. No other feelings than tbeee prevail in. Downing Street, or in the Im perial Parliament ; and eveiy effort made to meet theee endB, when shown to be the wish of the people here, are sure to be kindly received and promptly sanc tioned — the opposition of the Legislative Council, or the rAvmgs of a inere clfqriej to the contrary notwithstanding. But at the worst, or Betting aside these cogent arguments against the ontcry raised by the Conservative party, there is no proof that Mr berry will send, or go, on a fooTs errand when his Reform Bill goes to London. There is no proof vouchsafed that the Imperial authorities will turn a deaf ear to this request, because it shows a depar ture from English practice; nor can any proof of the kind be supplied. It is only, therefore, throwing dust in the eyes of the public, to say that this -bill will never be come law, because the lmperial Government will give no assistance for : the purpose. The trial will be made on promising ground; and no more can be said at present, either for or against the Ministerial intention.' The shocking accident which happened at the wood Biding at the Western station the other day, demands the interference of the 'Minister of Railways. The death of the poor lad O'Shea was a terrible event, and the surrounding circumstances — the sickness of the lather, and the poverty of the family — make it still more wretched. BnttherewiU he some compensation afforded to the public here if at should lead to the intervention of the Minister of Rail ways, which b certainly very much needed at that part of the Western station. It eeeme to be the practice of some, of the wood- dealers there to employ a number of children, who play about the ground, to' onload tracks . and load-np carts ; . snd. the remuneration which they receive for this work, b the waste chips, or email faeces of wood, which remain on the ground after this work is completed. Hence a number of children' are attracted to the spot, many, of them qnite of tender years; end thus life b placed in constant jeopardy by these arrangements. Engines and trucks are almost continually moving about that riding ; hence these children are habitually exposed, to the same fate as befell young O'shea. It would manifestly therefore be a humane act on the part of the Minister of Railways to put a stop to tins system,; by issuing a very stringent order that; children will not be allowed in future to play' or work about this part of the station — and we trust he will take the steps neces- . paiy for the purpose. There is another matter in connection with this station which seems to us to be also deserving of Mr WOODS' interference. Use is msde.of .an : opemngin the fence to reach LydiardBtreet by a shorter route than passing round the! fence, tie far as the North Star hotd, affords. To adults who can look after themselves, of course, thiB b a convenience, and void of rbk. But it is habitually mads use of in the saine way by children going to and from school ; and &B; the rub have to be crosnd to pare through the reserve, and migines and trncks are so often in motion on this riding, ft b evident that this practice b fraught with no little danger to these youngsters. Tn this the remedy b the same sb the one re commended in tiie other case, and should certainly be provided. No - child should be allowed in that part of the reserve: at all, whether for play, work, or to find a Bhorter route to and from school. There would then be no risk incurred at the Western station by the young; nor would the railway employes be interfered with to the extent which they are bo often now in the discharge of their duties. Theee two matters are -worth notice, and we trust they will receive Mr Woods' attention. The following telegram ni yesterday received by the mayor of the city in reply tn the oongrtfu- latory message forwwdel to Earl Beecnufltid tm Tuesday last, thanking him for bis aerrixs in the aoccemtal setdeBwot of the Eastern qnestSwnc- " London, Slit July, 1878. The mayor of Rat-; larat, Anstralia — I am honored by the receipt of your telegram, and thank tbe penpie of Bs&atst; for their sympathy." We nuty add Jhat the pnUic meeting to exprew appceqatisn of ttewHd Stiffly of NuLHeeconsffeld and Hie Marquis -eft SaSsbuyat then-cent Cdngreea, iriU be heldfe tie Alfred .Hall this evening, «t eight .o'clock., Such an tmpqrtant eveot in the htatary of the Britirfi Rmpjne shonld not to allowed toMiMilk-: oat-due reeogidtion. ana therefore we Wipe there will be a large-master of the citizens. TbeffBxbter of Mines and the Mndtfer Of Batt- wyewHlhe entertained at a hanqnetat Scaredide U erae reported yestendey that the minen at Spring Hill had poeardy refused to allow those who bad taken die contract for driving at the Bietori mine to descend the shaft, in consequence of tfce contractors having taken the work at a price whidi would not pay wagei.- Mr ktigor, too of die directore, visited Ike mine yesterday, bat had not returned last evening. Xt n antidpated, however, that mutter will he amicably settled in a day or two. The -BouHatetee tint the ladiiapperof Mn Batte'chOS fanmghtit opon the bottle, and that it was cbrietecied in the Boman Catinlic Chwdi. 33wse are tiw only twn additiomd items of in- fermtoonoening tidschHd timt croppedup yes terday. , at|Mfioa ot lhe power cf minon to ana and be sued came np 19 at tim lbrWn PbKce Court yesterday, in two cases in wbarirtbrirngbt or-lte- bOity had never been previomdy aaastioaed. The gt»t c«ae was that h» wMcfaaRid n«taed CaroUne Hmngope rmea a yonng mua named WSBaa Potiwi, lot xMriecte, TOnAaln ter Hle- ritimats dfid, df !to>0vdis was the tatter. daintlff, ahd )££(« under age. bearing titensndMaebetvXIrPiiibor- son, rt; appeejed lor tire tlrfriwlent, xateed tta irGtonamer gosU sdy.bs AMfi:teivh bia. Mr KnUyeon quoted authorities in support of Jus argument, and the bench, affcT bearing the reply entire part of Mr Gaui w V P?ffre plalhtiff, reserved its deStion w,1® -Monday after- tAon. The next case presented A etill more diffi cult aspect' from a legal point of J?,e complainant, a married woman nam"ed Emily Hilk who is not yet twenty-one years' of .agand consequently) under age, sued la T bushwid, Thomas Hill, for neglecting to maintain her. The same objection was raised fn this case, and as a woman's husband is her natural guardian, complainant would have tdgfet defen. dant to initiate prooeedings, in which attempt it. » probable tiie would be suocessfuL The de eision in this latter case will be giren at the same tin ie " that in the former. . Dr Wbitcombe left Balfarat by -the train yeah r" day morning on his pleasnre trip to England, an d a Urge number of leading citizens, including . manj ' of the medical profession, were on the platform to bid him adieu. Previous (o his departure, how ever, Dr Wbitcombe'a lady patients presented him with a purse of sovereigns at bis reddence, for the purpose of purchasing a piece of pUte in testi mony of their esteem.' Dr Whitcombe leaves by the Kept on Saturday next - At the Town Police Court yesterday, Mary Stevens and James Magree, residents of Ballarat East, were called upon to show cause — the first- named defendant why a quantity of spirits and half a cask of-beer, and the -Utter -why a cask of beer, fonnd in their possession should not be fpr- Mted and sold. Both cases wereiustanees . pfjdy grog-selling. Mr Shepherd, revenne inspector, and the police made put both cases to the satisfaction of the bench, who ordered the forfeiture and sale of the liquor seized, with £2 2s costs against each defendant. The bench Agreed- to state cases for their orders. -L ' We have received a letter aigned " Wildrake," addressed to 'Mrs Britten; but as it is anything but courteous in tone, we'decline to give it inser tion. Mrs Britten it-entitled to be treated aa a lady, no matter how erroneoaa ber opinions may be, and we shall certainly be no party to her re ceiving any other treatffieflt ; Daring the1 bearing of a case for sly grog- sell ing, at the Town Police Court, yesterday, the revenne inspector, in givinghia evidence, detailed a circumstance which to many persons appeared to reveal an extremely- "fishy" transaction some-: where or another. The inspector deposed that be entrusted a number of battles of spirits seized upon to the police, for sale, and- to was confident that at tiie time they contained genuine spirits. Yet when those bottles of liquor were put up for aaie they were found to contain pore water. Cer tainly such sudden changes are bard to account for, and looking at the matter from any aspect, it is, aa Dominie Samson used to say —prodigious ! An early proof copy of the eecond edition of Mr Campbell's (bush missionary) pamphlet" Against Spiritism, its (Xuunpiona and Mediums'" has been eeuttous by the author. It consists of twenty pages, with colored csver, and enlarged appendix.' The new copies of tbe.edition are advertised in our columns as to be had price 4d, by post 5d) at all Ballarat booksellers, -&o;, -this day (Friday), about four o'clock in the afternoon. We are glad to hear that the efforts of Messrs H. Gabbettand J. M'Cafferty , inaid of the O'Sbea family, have been rewarded with success, the two gentlemen having already collected the sum of £5. Six male lunatics arrived by the 3.15 p.m. train yesterday, and were duly sent on to' the asylum at Wendouree. . The prize schedule for the Spring Bnlb Show, to be held by the Ballarat Horticultural Society on Friday,' 16th October next, is to hand, together with the prize schedules of the ordinary shows to be held on Thursday and Friday, Slat and 22nd November; and Thursday and Friday, 20th and 21st March next. The schedules have been neatly printed in pamphlet form by Mr F. W. Niven, of Start street. The children of the Blind Asylum, Mtibourne, will give a concert at Smytbesdsle, on Tuesday next, instead of in Ballarat, as originally intended; This alteration is made iu conseqaeuce of there being so many entertainment, at present in this Sown, and aU tiie halls bring absorbed. The children will visit Ballarat on their return, when we trust they will receive a hearty reception. The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, will be held on Saturday next, at Craig's -hotel, at eleven o'clock ajn. Business — Various matters of importance connected with the sheep show ; to revise and finally settle the prize programme for tbe spring show. Mr George Smith to move ' — " That this society consider the advisability of offering a prize for the best-kept tenant or free hold farm in the Ballarat district." Aa the committee intend to make a personal canvass of the town, Messrs Scott, Russell, and Phillips will confine themselves to addressing one meeting of the burgesses of Ballarat East; at the Town Hall, next Wednesday evening. We have received the following additional con tributions tar the O'Shea family ; — From Mr Evans, Is; A. F., Is; a friend, 2s ; E.C-,2s; Mrs Johnston, 2s fid; a Friend, 5s. The Kelly and Leon minstrel and buriesque opera troupe open on Monday - next, at the Academy of Music, in a programme' entirely new to tbe Ballarat pnblic, tall particulars of which; will be found in onr advertising columns. The box plan is now on view at Bardwell and Bean- cbamp'e, where seats can be reserved, and tickets for all parts may be obtained. Public meetings, to afford the ratepayers oppor tunities of hearing the candidates for municipal honors in tbe Borough of Browns snd Scaradale, will be held as fellows : — Town Hall, Scaradale, i>ni Saturday evening, -at -tight o'clock ; Hamilton's: hotel, Newtown, Monday evening, at -eight) o'clock; and at Browne, onWednesdty evening, at eight o'clock. Mrs Haidinge Britten will give tor last lecture' in Ballarat at the Academy- of Music this evening, sod those who wish an elocutionary treat should certainly be present: It will he observed that the' admission is oa tbe reduced scale. The concert at tiie Free Libraiy, Sebastopol, in: aid of the band fond, will take place this even- tag. He courting far tbe Lugi-Kal-Kal and Tn- walla Stakes will be continued this morning at Bereridge's paddock, near done, and tbe train will leave the Western station this morning at twenty-five minutes to tight o'clock. The adjourned City Court of Appeal will tit to day, at two o'dock. A public meeting, will be btid at the Temperance Hall, Boninyeqg, this -evening, athalf-pasc seven, to take action with reference to the proposed drainage of the Durham and Sebastopol plateau. A literary and musical entertainment will be given by the members of tbe Ballarat Catfaolic Young Men's Society in tiie halL Dawson street, this evening. The programme, which comprises songs and recitations by leading amateurs, also in cludes the anraiiing farce, " The Spectre Bride groom," the characters of which will he sustained by Messrs Bonrke, Jennings, Hennessey, Kennedy, Sheridan, and Carroll. The demand for tickets is very fair, and should the wetitor prove favorable it is likely that the entertainment will be a very successful one. We have received a copy of tbe schedule of prizes for the second exhibition of -the Victorian Poultry and Dog Society, to be told in tiie Town Hail; Melbourne, on Thursday. Friday, and Satur day, fee 29th, 80th, and Slat instant. A number of special prizes, besides the ordinary prizes; are offered for eempetition in tbe different classes. In another column will be found a report of tbe address delivered by Mr V. Tree, a candidate for. election to the Bongareetidre Council, 'to a meet- tegofrtiepayera told last night at Larking hotd, Mr Lindsay will -address the ratepayers of the .TOrtriffinjgof Bunfayaogjhin at fheOddfenows HaB,NaptieOns, tofnonow/ateereno'clock; ' ' r Fhntfi's petite jiadrUle assembly was hdd,asimuti, in (to Alfred Mali last night, «nd was weiy successful, the attendance being very; \- . ' 'J- -' . ' ' 1 _ A public meeting is to be fodd at theMechsnics' Institute, Camgtom, on Sstarday evemng next, few consider the advisability or not of the abolition of mining boards, es threatened by the Ministry. There is not that strong feeling in Csraghsm against the boards which seems to prevmiL in some districts, the people there being of opinion that the mining interest cannot afford to lose any of its in- flnenoe in tbe country, which all dong Ink been too small, considering the importance of that in dustry. Mr Claxton yesterday oold the touts and land in Little Lyons Street, belonging to Mr Cribb.to Mr Love, far .£187 10. . Tbe half-yearly meeting of the Bdluat Club wHl be held this afternoon. . The BaHarat Banking ttonpany will btid its yeBdyaratimg4taaftecBoon,Mtto banking For some time past (says tbe flem&fl; a Toung man named William Scott, oliat Horwood, has been going round to the variooa shopkeeper in St cheques repreeented'tolxfiignea by patetreS known in Melbourne. He entered the ebop of Metier, the fcrenmabBr.in Uttta Coital rtteet, pnr- thsring a pair of toots lot 2Ta CUorwtftittotete fend n ctoqoe purporting to to signed to Martin Butler and Co. tag AS 14s, and received the timed the atop of Hendenotttotiatter, in Bwaaetoa street, and bright ' near hat fog 10e, for which be tendered s cheque for A2 10s, purporting to be signed by tfae .«ame ton, ., and received the change, and alsokt a latgei number of other places in the city ana tsnburba.' Upon the cheques being discovered to be of no value, information wis given to the police, and on Thursday morningDetecfives Coleman andDowden arrested the prisoner in Collins street. At first he denied the charge, but -afterwards admitted it. He wHl be brought up at the city court on Friday, when some more victims of the swindle will no doubt appear. " -r About a fortnight ago (writes the Warnumbool Guardian) Mr Miller, one of the purchasers of the Loth Art wreck, patched up the ship's lifeboat, which came ashore with Pesrce, and, with crew, went off to the site of the wreck, but conld do nothing beyond ascertaining that file vessel ap peared to be still intact. They landed on the island, and high up, nearly on the top, discovered the 'remains of a female, evidently one of the sur vivors of the wreck, which they buried. From the position of the body it is evident to those who discovered it that it bad not been cast there by the a ction of the waves, it. bring for too high up for th. at, and the melancholy conclusion is forced'apon m that the poor creature was cast ashore from the wr& ?k, o&ly; to perish miserably on the barren rock, and within sight, perhaps, of those on the main land. ... - - Thwre is some talk (rays the Geefony Advertiser) among a few of the capitalists of Geriong about the establishment of a theatre in the town. It is proposed to purchase a very good site in Malop street, betv'eeu Moarabool and Gheringhap streets, for the puiyose. .. , . , > ; ' Beferring to the recovery of the infant of Mr and Mrs Potts, tiki Telegraph says — " Tbe child, which has so forrauaCely been restored to its . parents, is at present-very rick! y, and dees not appear to have . been well nourished. It had also been suffering from convulsions, . and was being nursed by the people in whose house it was found. On Wedoeei day night, much to the delight of his whole family, Mr Potts obtained - possession «f it, and for some tours afterwards the place was thronged with people anxious to obtain a sight of the infant whose disappearance and restoration had been: Che subject of so ranch comment." Bishop Thornton, of Ballarat, had a grievous disappointment (says the Gtebiur Advertiser) on Monday evening at Meredith. ' He was attending to church duties at the township, and bring de sirous to remain there as longsa possible, tele graphed to the Geelong railway station, to know whether the evening train from Melbourne to Ballarat would atop at Meredith to -picric np passengers, and, it is said, he received a favorable reply. The train meant by the Bishop was the express, and, believing that this would stop, he allowed .tiie mixed train to para on to Ballarat: When to got to the Meredith station in time to catch the express, tbe fast mail train flew past tbe station, and the Bishop was compelled to remain at Meredith tar the night. . The unexpected and at the same time antagon istic attitude assumed by Mr Casey on Tuesday evening to the Government scheme of constitu tional reform was the subject (rays the Age) of public comment during Wednesday, and there are those who do not. .hesitate to say that the fact of tiie Ministry not appreciating "the hon orable member for Mandnrsng's claims to the vacant judgeship at as high a rate as he does himself had something to do with his unlooked-for appearance in the role of a supporter of the Oppo sition. The capital scare, we suppose, is subsiding. "With reference (says the Argas) to the introduc tion of fresh capital into the colony, we understand that telegrams have just been received from London, advising the starting of a new company in connection with squatting pursuits. One of the oldest and most extensive Melbourne and London mercantile firms is stated to have had the lead in its formation." " Atticus " of the Leader writes : — " I am told that a very singular description of fraud on the Chinese Customs /has recently been detected by the'vigilance of tbe authorities at Shanghai- Tbe ambition of every Chinaman who leaves his native land is richer to return, or, if to dies abroad, to have his bones sent home for huriaL Hundreds of coffins are annually received at the various ports, professing to contain the remains of Celestials who have given -up the ghost in barbarian lands. An unusually large number of bereavements in one family in Shanghai attracted the attention of the collector of customs, and on opening tbe coffins' they were found to be fall of opinm. Since the discovery the import of dead Chinamen has fallen off very much, while the duty from opium has sensibly increased. There may to a hint here for Mr Later. What was dene in China might be attempted in Victoria." 