THE BATTLE OF THE LOCKYER. [The following lines were partly suggested by the plucky programme set forth by the Laidley Volunteers. The subject supposes the Russians to have landed and beaten the metropolitan volunteers, and to be in turn beaten about Gatton or Laidley.] What are those watch-fires gleaming bright, Fair Gatton, in thy breezy height? And why those lamps 'mid evening's gloom That glit, like ghosts from tomb to tomb ? And why, 'mid sleeping ferny dell, Do warlike notes of trumpets swell ? And why the shorn flock's timid bleat Drowned in the tramp of marching feet ? And why doth bugle, loud and shrill, Re-echo from each tree-clad hill? And sentries from their lonely round Beside the arming battle-ground ? The morn will tell: That morrow came Ushered by smoke-wreath and by flame. The dazzling sunrise beams On the Tenthill's lofty brow, It flashes back from Lockyer's streams, But brighter still, where metal gleams, From valleys stretched below. Onwards the Russian foe Rolls, like the spring tide — As broad, as steadfast, and as slow ; His bayonets o'er the plains below And up the mountain side. But, mark! upon the steep Of that mountain's loftiest height, A warning spot is seen to sweep Like phantom dream in troubled sleep Ere darkness yields to light. And it halts its meteor course On the Muscov tyrants' path, And a boding murmur, deep and hoarse, Tells to the rash invading force The bushmen's smouldering wrath. And then, as swoops the kite, That weird spot bursts in flame, Like thunderbolts, across the sight — As swift, as deadly, and as bright, — With whirlwind rush, to close in fight The men of Laidley "came." On through the van they dash, And pierced battalions reel; When, rapid as the lightning flash, 'Mid trumpet blare and sabre clash, Upon the flanks they wheel. Vainly the battle cry Rang high among the foe, Though shot and steel were glancing nigh And scores of Laidley cavalry Were wounded and laid low. Far, far upon the plain A dust-cloud marks the way Of flying serfs, whose blood should stain The sward where, stark and stiff, remain The colonel and his Russians slain, On that momentous day. So a shout of "Victory" Rings cheerly o'er the hill; But some brave hearts, which erst beat high For country, home, and liberty, Chilled, in the strife of that one red day, Upon the heath lie still. There's a sad weeping by fair Lockyer's waters; There is deep wailing up her rocky fells ; And many a maiden of our Queensland's daughters Her tale of anguish to the darkness tells. Nought sounded save the death-keen still replying To the chill blast upon the midnight wild, Where hapless sweetheart watched some loved one dying, Or mother sorrowed by her bleeding child. Oh! war, when holiest, yet infernal still! Are these the prizes of that death-won day, — To give bright freedom to a fertile hill, But snatch the souls who would be free, away ? For truly all these turfen mounds will tell Where Laidley's heroes fell and never rose, Till memory fails to mark the flowery dell Which gave the victors of that day repose. 