BORROWING AND REPAYING. The opponents of borrowing money. for municipal improvements are fertile in rais ing objections thereto. No sooner are they driven 'fTom oneapparent stronghold thain' they entrench themselves in another. Rout them from that, and they speedily find shelter elsewhere;: from whence they con tinuethefight. Atfirstthey objected tobor rowing in toto. They -woald have none of it. It was wasteful and extiavagant,, and would be an unfair burden uipon posterity. Only as much should be done as couldhbe paid "tor by the surplus' of each year's i~venue. Should there be no surplus, then there must be no new works. " Pay as you go" was their watchword-hypothecation their specikl abhorrence. They could not, or would not, see any adv.ntage in bor rowing a round sum for needful works, and spreading its repayment over a series of years. For some considerable tihie they succeeded in imbuing; a majority: of the ratepayers with a beliefin the fallacious dogma that to:be out of debt is to be out of danger. But.time, and it closer consider ation of the subject, have sufficed. to dispel that illusion. The notion is now pretty generally entertained that careful borrow is really a wise thing. . The objectors have realised that change in public opinion. They note that the tide hds turned idn this respect. So they have relinquished their pet argument. Now they plead that th& terms on which, by the Local Government Act, municipalities are granted powers to borrow are too stringent.. To have to begin to repay the money at once is, in their view, a harsh arrangement. An interval of time should, it is argued, be allowed between receiving the money and and commencing to pay it back again. Therefore chey plead that all action should be stayed, until the law has been amended in this direction. We do not deny that there is some force in this contention. A large loan cannot be expended at once, and it .is not unreasonable to ask that the works for which it was contracted should be completed before repayment commences. So far we are at one with our opponents. But when they declare that the liquidation ought not to commence for ten years, we are compelled to part company with them. That would be doing with a vengeance what they have so strongly objected to, viz., placing an unfair share of the burden upon the shoulders of our successors. Two or three years' space would be amply suificient; ten is quite out of the question. But we take leave to express the belief that this argument has been started, not to facilitate the borrowing of money, but with the sole.purpose of burkingit. It is being employed] as a "bogy" to frighten the timid. How far it will serve that end re mains to be seen. Those who are making use of it, do so in the hope of occasioning delay, and that in the meantime something may turn up, Micawber-like, that will squash borrowing altogether. That is the real end aimed at, and the msodus operandi is both plausible and cunning. Its advo cates know well enough that there is scarcely the ghost of a chance of any alter ation, in the direction indicated, being effected in the Local Government Act during the present session of Parliament. Hon. members will be so absorbed in trying to settle the constitutional difficulty tat they will have neither time nor'inclination Sfor legislation of a less exciting nature~ If Swe could only see a fair' likelihood o4 this subject being attended to, we would coun. sel a waiting policy. M:uch harm might not accrue through letting the matter stand over for a few months, if there was a reo. sonable probability that at the end of that time some extension of,the term for coam. mencing repayment would be secured, But the veriest optimist can hardly indulge such a view. Thus the question resolves itself into this-Shall we wait for a concession which there is little prospect of gaining in any reasonable time? or accept the existing conditions, with all attaching faults, under which municipali. ties are empowered to raise loans ? If it is decidedtowait,itwill be a practicalabandon ment of borrowing for an indefinite period of time. If, on the other hand, the decision should be to go into the money market under the conditions imposed by the present law, the district will reap all the advantages flowing from the expenditure of money on reproductive works, hampered only bythe comparatively small one of having to com mence repaymenta few years sooner than it would prefer to do? WVe cannot pre tend to say what answer the ratepayers would make to these two questions, if: plainly put to them; but they can have no doubt what we should wish that answer to:: be. Any way, we trust to see the subject" fully, and fahirly; and calmly discussed between now and the coming elections; so that this may be made the means of ascertaihing the wish of the ratepayers on' the important question of " Loan or no loan ?" 