J TIN. The 'cutter "Kate, from Bridport, brought on Saturday 227 bage of tin ore, which was 'omprised as follows'--Mrs Fry No; 1.10 bags, ditto G 13, Try Again 6.; Surprise 2, Return Tribute 20, A 6, 1By; S. 6, Elphin 6; Nelson 29, WTP 431 Atlas 34, BFO 7, Arba. 45.' The steamer Avon, which'arrived from thae N.E. Coadst yesterday, brought the following lots of tin ore':-iKBH '50 bag , BB Co.' No. 2 5?? ditto 'No? ? 3 23,1 Thomas - River ::- 51;-- 'Frdilid River 107,:' Clyde 78, Main Creek 34, RTItIQ,0sQ 15, ,DO.11, DOX 3 RS 20, WK 6, ( Tribute 22,t Native Mouth 52, WH 20 ; total 510 bags.._, Noticeois given in another column: that -a,itll'(thao12th) of sixponce per share has bee.-made on the shares of theWaratah T.M..Co., due'and payable at Mr Henry' -Ritchie's offlice on Monday, Sept. 2.... .·Prome River.--Mr Grant :reports on July 30 that he liad five faces then at work (Nos.,1,to 5 inclusive)..?'. Thowash yaries from day to day, but he is sanguine thatiwhen he gets a good stretch of it it vill pay well,.... -, SFOoTUNATr FOR ]rar. -Upwards of £32 was foundl upon anian naneod- William Kellyj wlio'was arrested oni Friday in Pat, torson- atreet for being drunk and oincapia blo.i !The Police Magistratd, in fining hiin 10se toldihim'that he might consider him self i very fortunate man in havinig been tbkon.into custody '? otherwise, he might ttepend !?pson- it tod. would 'have. been rcmbhed,i -- ------------ o Tminesrs."Our:Ciroular- Head' corroe potidtBt (writes :Tl-'ho-' road 'trustees it Circular Head deserve every credit for the manortlthey have- acted in keeping the thiitles cut down in the ,township' of Stahlohy. This little placeini acredit to all aloingthe coast, being; quite clear of all thistls; ;, had th o.trusteos not tiken it :it hand the o'?biv.nship ?ogl ,havo boon over run. Tl'h ndw act p?ropsed will be a boon to' tlh isldnd,'for it' proposes to, require theo[Government to attend to the deostriio: tioti of thisetorrible post. " ' TENDItis.'-Mr B. H. Pride, as imanagor for the1L.asmania G.. .M 0Co., invites tonUnrs'up to Friday; 16th inst., for, the erection of.three cottages and a stable 'at Brandy dreek. Tno RAILwAY AhnrTRATIoN.oThe pro. :pos'ed.excursion to the gentletnen engaged in thl. railway ,arbitration:did not take 'plebo on Saturday .in=consequence of the nmatters' in' dlspute niot being settled in tinte., rwIt:was lato onliSaturday evening befbre,,the wholo of the -business' termi nated. A special train will conivey-the arbitrators to Hobart Town to:day andd tthley will return in time to leave for -Mel )boturo 'flir ?a.s. 'Drwent' on Thursday morning. "?It is said' that the aibitrdrat will hbe entertained at thli Tasmagian Olub, Hobi?t Town, but of tlie wedaniintdpepk Ti 'OUT'RAGE 'T E, u'DBiv.~l ThS' colroed man namedBonjamin Brownwhio' -in" ur toldgraphio olulnns of Friday was etafeltnto have perpetrated a horrible 'out ragp on a little girl at.,Varatah on the 26th ult., -was- brought :to town'hby the syermer Devon on" SanJrday,- and: lodged in thp gaol,. he having been committed for triaitt Emu1"Bay. ;' lLi0ATlooN5.-The .-Peope'?', ,Friend, rPr l'ileriaii' , Magm:inc, - and ,Cbtholic S tIdrd have bdoon recoived. ':'"'' -" Tnude'MioonirNe OCriCLi SiLiNGi CG0ie L-It will:beromniembered that on the 'lth of December last, says thelArgus, a male infint, six weeks old,- belonging to Mrs 'E. A":: Pottis of Fitzroy rwas.taken from nirPotts's little girl by-a strange woman, )who disappeared with the child.,: Every endeavor was made to discover traces, of thea wmman.oand, the missing child,.but without, avail, and the tasak had almost beeh..given ;.up. as :hopeless. At a late liouronTuesday night, however, Detective Eddlsteon arrested a woman named Mary Zeies Fitzgibbon, 24 years of. age, on suspioion. of, having stolen the child, and ashe1 fits lodged iii the city watchhouse. it appears that the woman is married to a nma i who is a shoemaker by trade, but tlocdiuple have not lived on very amicable terms. It is alleged that the woman sone time ago forwarded a telegram to her husband, who was up country at the tinme, 'stating that she had boon confined of a ihild ii the Lying-in Iospita l, but. upon inquiriesbeing . made it was found thpt this was not true. "The wonian recently, gave the child out to nurse, and from certain 'circumstaticds which wdrd brought to light,- Mrs .Potts was corn municatodwith in tho'matter.' On Monday Mrs Potta, called at a house in Carlton where' the -child was being 'nursed, and .upon seeing, the child she immediately roe?gnised a distinct likonass l~etieen the child in question siid the ifianitshe lost ,some seven months ago. "`Mr Potts, however, who has 'also seen the child, is not so positive as to his identity. : :The woman Fitzgibbon most emphatically stated, that' tlto child,, which is in a very neglobtod condition, belongs to her. She .les; however, since confessed to the ab. ductio n.. ' . : -: . :, ,Q'QuitnTERiLY LIoBsINwo MEETIssio.-The quarterly libensing .meeting, will' be- held at.th6 Court Houso tlhli foronoon.- n t, LADY DrrY.-We are glad to hear (says the Argus) that Lady Duffy is pro gr?ssing favorably. Dr. Bird and Dr. Molloy held a consultation on her case on Thursday, and entertain hopes of her re covery. Tue ScAn SoAne.--A number of gentle men interested in pastoral pursuits met on Thursday afternoon, to consider the question of the importation of sheep from Tasmania, where scab is known to exist. It was decided that a public meeting of stockowners and persons connected with pastoral pursuits should be called without loss of time.-Argus. DEEP SEA FISHINo.-The fishing ketch Rachel Thompson has just completed another successful cruise in Banks Straits (says the Argus) whence she returned on Friday. The ketch has only been away about twelve days, and she has returned with a very large number of crayfish, and a quantity of live trumpeter, rock cod, and perch, in her wells. SAORILEGE AT MIELBOURNE. - About four o'clock on Tuesday afternoon last an act of sacrilege was committed at St. Francis's Roman Catholic Church, in Lonhdale-street. The chapel was entered by some person, who broke open three offertory;boxes and abstracted their con tents, the amount taken being unknown. -Argus. D'ARrOV READ's GHosT?-We remind our: readers th'at this entertainment, which has, been well spoken of by the 'prass in the neighboring colonies, will be opened ,this evening in the pavilion, Public Gardens. STAMP :DuTEs.-Among the new bills introduced into Parliament by the Attor ney-General'ls.oise to. amend the Stamp Duties Act The object of the bill is to render it unlawful for post- office stamps t6 be used f6r the purposes of the Stamp -Duties Act, as special stamps will bo pro. vidgd for'this purpose. . "MAsnouMSt AnD nss FOLLOWERs."-A lecture was !delivered on this subject in the i Mechanics' ' Institute,- Emerald-hill, 'Melbourne, recently, by Professor Strong. The lecturer, after briefly referring to the recent reports which had been circulated as' to .the .behaviour of the Turks. and Russians in war, and stating that 'no 'doubt hcruelties had been committed by the Turks, said that'those Turks were not true representatives of Islam, but merely its degenerate sons.; Genuine Islamism, was a bright and'pure religion, which-was extremely effective in reducing barbarous hations to raless savage state, and as a religion it'was, for good or evil, spreading very widely, and civilising to an appre ciablo extent the vast continent of Africa from its'coastright to the interior. Since Mohammedanism had been proclaimed 0000 millions of people had embraced it, and it had in some places in the East supplanted an existing Christianity, which, however, was not the Christianity now kilown, but one of a far lower type. The faithsM'Mahomet.'preached was that of :Abraham, and he must be looked upon as having borrowed most of his tenets from the Israelitishm religion.--Arqus. 