PRESBYTERY OF TASMANIA. ANNUAL MEETING (By a Correspondent ) The annual meeting of the Presbytery of Tasmania was held this year in St. Andrew's church, Launceston. The inaugural service took place on Tuesday evening, 24th instant. Besides the members of the Presbytery, a good congregation assembled. The Rev. John R. Wardrop, M.A., Campbell Town,' the retiring Moderator, conducted devotional services, and thereafter, delivered the following address : Before resigning the honourable office which I have held for the past year, and the duties pertaining to which I have so imperfectly discharged, I shall only be following a venerable custom that has long prevailed both in our home and colonial churches, if I say a few words by way of a valedictory address. I may be permitted in the first place to congratulate the Presbytery of Tasmania on the present healthy condition of our Church. The depression that was felt for so long has happily passed away and if there were any who asserted that Presbyterianism in this island was dead, and that the sooner it received a decent burial the better, they must now acknowledge, if they are candid men, that their doleful surmises have not been strictly accurate. It is not so easy to overthrow an ancient Church, or to extinguish patriotic feeling. Many influences may be at work to discourage our people, and to weaken for a time their attachment to the Church of their fathers ; but when they get a fair chance, and when the time-honoured worship is brought within their reach, the old love is sure to return, and they rally round the dear old Church once more. During the past eighteen months three ministers and one missionary have been settled in different districts of the colony, and have added to the strength and usefulness of our Church in their respective spheres of labour. A magazine was started upwards of a year ago, which we have good grounds for believing has supplied a want which had long been felt, and has proved to the Presbyterians in the colony, and far beyond it, that we are not the divided family we' have sometimes been represented to be, but that we are united in one common desire and aim to advance the kingdom of our Lord, and to stand by the old blue flag, however much our enemies might rejoice to see it trailing in the dust. Our periodical has found its way into many a family circle in districts where our scattered people rarely enjoy a Presbyterian service and repeated testimony has reached us that it is always welcomed as the face of a dear familiar friend should be. It is pleasing to the editors and contributors to know that their efforts thus far have been appreciated and the satisfaction which has been so generally expressed ought to act as a stimulus to prompt them to greater efforts., and to encourage them to aim even at a higher standard of excellence than that which has been reached. Our people take a deeper interest in Church matters when they know what is going on, and the Magazine is an admirable medium for conveying even to the most distant home in this island news of what the Church is doing. We try to present reading of a religious character in an interesting form, so that our people may be attracted and not repelled by the way in which the truth is presented to their notice. We cannot doubt that, with God's blessing, our monthly record is doing good service and we trust that our readers will do what they can to promote its circulation in every district of the colony. These indications of growth and prosperity are well fitted to cheer us all, even in our' most desponding moments. But there is another side of the picture, on which we find those words legibly written, " Much still to be done." We should never rest satisfied until we have our vacant churches supplied with regular ordinances, and other churches also built where the growing necessities of a district appear to require them. The Home Churches have been applied to, and we have their assurance that they wish us well ; but it really seems that the openings and attractions in the home field are so numerous and great that it is difficult to persuade young men to cross the seas. As an old college friend, comfortably settled in a quiet rural parish in the south of Scotland, says in a letter received by me some time ago, " It is a land of cold and mist, but who of us can tear our hearts away from it ?" Those of us who have come here, and found a delightful climate, with glorious sunshine instead of the prevailing mist, which somehow or other has got the name "'Scotch" applied to it, can only reply to that question of my friend with an echo, and that echo is-Whof And in order to show that among the many valuable lessons which a ministry spent in the colonies gives us, not the least important is the virtue of patience, we once more send a request for a labourer to come and work in the vineyard here, " to scorn delights " that are found in the inglorious ease of a rural parish in the old land, '' and live laborious days " in the new and we shall wait (this time we trust not in vain for a reply. It is a truism to say that every church must have a raison d'etre. It must show why it exists, and what right it has to exist. If it is entitled to live, it must do something for its livelihood. This colony, like the others, was peopled at first by three nationalities, and these have each their well-.ir)arked. cliàractqi'istics England, Ireland, Scotland, If you - go to England, you will find that there for the most part the people are attached to the English Church and to the Episcopal form of government ; if you go to Ireland you will find that there they are for the most part Roman Catholics and if you go to Scotland you will find that there the people are decidedly Presbyterian. And when we see all this, we can but come to one conclusion regarding it, and it is that nationality has at least something to do in determining our religious beliefs and the system of Church government which we prefer to adopt. Well, our Church here was undoubtedly founded by Scotchmen. We are unfaithful to their memory, and ungrateful for what they have bequeathed to us, if we, ignore or try to, explain away this patent fact.- Even yet the great majority of our people have either come from Scotland themselves, or are the descendants of those who did. A national history is not made in a day and national characteristics cannot be obliterated in a day. It may be theoretically right that in a colony like this we should sink our national feelings and tastes to a large extent, and endeavour to put national prepossessions in the background though I am not one of those who think that we are called upon to do so but practically it is impossible. The day will eventually come when the distinguishing features that slow mark the v Unions nationalities of which this colony is composed shall disappear ; but it is no'p'arVôf true patriotism to anticipate or hasten on that day. True Presbyterians are, ever "eye" to their church, and obedient to, the decisions of its courts A party we. have no less station in saying that when disease and dis- affection have, come to any of our congregations, they have been fomented, not by Presbyterians with all the old national affection for their Church, but by others, ivIlQ ffV reasons best known to themselves, have joined themselves to our Churches, and there found sympathy wliiclitheysom.etim.es repaid with ingratitude, and, with a perversity for which it is difficult to account, have brought trouble and confusion into those sacred precincts where peace and concord should ever sign. Well then, we have a national history perfectly well defined ; we have a Presbyterian form of worship and government handed down to us by our forefathers and if, we have a spark of loyal feeling remaining in our nature, We shall do our best to defend them, and hand them down unimpaired to future ages. If. extreme men with (fantastic notions go out of their way to call our theology narrow, and our orders invalid, the impeachment 'sold or otherwise) need, not raise our, temper nor ' disturb, our across, thought can hardly fail to I proVblfb the sun It. It becomes us, considering ' our bygone glorious history, to stand firmly by the Church of our fathers, through good report and bad vessel,' in the wishes of Sir pros a party, and when the county hiU 'dark'. days come, at the satire tillie manifesting a spirit of enlight¿nit"|'totei'«it¡on'tri1vY.\rfJ)a Those who, fail lolig'pns'ç.Qqsq^livm'^'ai^ St'c<iu,c, (of Ç'h\'i,li,"in. activity, in other churches. New an address, of (his in all if, would he do if li. ends 'o. ignore the assaults that have been recently made, not only on those dear face held by us as a Church, but on Christianity itself. There can be no question whatever that a great deal of current literature find some very able literate too-Is hostdq'to Christianity, as we understand and profess rty . But i't*''('iüst! ha icmerrtbere'd that the spirit. of this age is. pre. eminently one fit finishing injury- i that thousands or hooks at o issued from the press for one issued formerly that the hu in an intellect cannot be bettered, and that in all the ages very diverse opinions have prevailed in, regard to the deepest problems which thought All men have to face. it is possible, therefore, that we may be exaggerating the extent of this hostile feeling, and magnifying the evils produced by its existence. By allowing these, attacks to be openly and repeatedly ' made, God may be merely trying our faith. and our faith is scarcely worthy of the name, if it is shared by every wind that blows, if we are tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wave of doctrine." At all events, it is surely a matter for congratulation that men are in earnest on both sides of this great and serious subject. There is a solemn sadness among many of the apostles of unbelief that is very touching to witness. Christianity, it has been found, is not to be extinguished by a flippant sneer or a clever phrase. As it is well expressed in a recent able article in England's leading secular journal, " It is no longer thought decorous to sneer at religion in polite society. Writers like M. Renan, even when least in agreement with dogmatic theology, would disdain to imitate the mocking spirit of the ' Philosophical Dictionary,' and coarse attacks on the Christian religion are now made only in the slums of literature and politics." This is certainly true. The fact is, most thoughtful men have come to the conclusion that life, whatever view you take of it, is a very serious concern. It is very short at the longest, and there is very much to be done in the time allotted to us. They feel that we cannot afford to trifle with it, except at a fearful risk. They find Christianity doing noble work in the world and even if the Redeemer's death has nothing in it for them but a splendid martyrdom, they can- not get over His wondrous life, or the vast influence that life has exerted on by far the best portion of the human race. Yea, more than that, many of them feel that if Christ's death on Calvary meant nothing for the world, and if the hope of immortality could be proved to be a dream, then mankind would be deprived of the highest consolation amid earthly trials which he is now permitted to enjoy, and the mysteries surrounding our existence here (great as these undoubtedly are would be immeasurably increased. Let us not be discouraged or dismayed. Let us have more faith in God, and in His loving purposes to man. Though " clouds and darkness are round about Him," let us believe that " righteousness and judgment are the habitation of His throne." Let ours be the aspiration of the poet, even in our darkest moments, " O, yet we trust that somehow good Will be the final goal of ill." If speculative doubts should come to our own minds in thinking over life's deep problems, or if the faith of other days becomes clouded as the years roll on, there is one way in which we may obtain peace and satisfaction. It is in doing some work; in the world that our conscience tells us is good work work that our God will approve of. As the most distinguished Scotch- man' of our day puts it, " Work is the grand cure of all the maladies and miseries that ever beset mankind honest work which you intend getting done ;" and again," Man is born to expend every particle of strength that God Almighty has given him in doing the work he finds he is fit for, to stand it out to the last breath of life, and do his best. We are called upon to do that and the reward we all get, which we are perfectly sure of if we have merited it, is that we have got the work done, or, at least, that we have tried to do the work, for that is a great blessing in itself and I should say that there is not very much more reward than that going on in this world." These words of Thomas Carlyle are worth remembering, and they may serve to bring some comfort to us ministers, if ever we feel, as sometimes we can hardly help feeling, our unfitness and our unworthiness to work in the vineyard of our Lord. " My Father worketh hitherto and I work." These are the words of Jesus and if the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, are continually working, surely we, during our little day here, and with our very limited and feeble powers, will engage as best we can, ever asking help from above to do it aright in that work which will at once be well pleasing in the sight of God, meet with the approval of our own conscience, and confer incalculable benefit on our fellow-men. It will be ours in this way to live, as Wordsworth has it, " That best portion of a good man's life His little, nameless, unremembered acts Of kindness and of love." It is true now, as It was true when the words were uttered, " If any man will do His will, he shall know of the doctrine;" and if we do our work faithfully and honestly, in a strength that is not our own, many of life's perplexities will be removed, many of its seeming mysteries will be explained, many of its sorrows will be soothed. And if ever, in lonely and desponding moments, we feel disposed to utter the cry which doubt and perplexity have wrung from many a weary heart, "Who will show us any good?" may it be ours in humility and trustfulness to add the E Gayer, feeling assured that our petition will not e in vain, " Lord, lift T/ion up the light of Thy countenance upon us." The Church-not our Church alone, but every Church-is bound to face the question why so many thoughtful men either become estranged from all churches, or give them but a feeble and half-hearted support. It comes to be a question whether the. clergy or the laity, or both" are to blame in the matter. The clergy, it is to be feared, have too often made the pulpit an arena for the display of their dialectic skill in treating of all matters embraced under dogmatic theology, without making any practical application to the hearts and consciences of their hearers, for whose spiritual interests they were bound to have a care. A dry, dreary, barren, theological disquisition has often taken the place of interesting, helpful, and the producing truth, The commonest platitudes have been rounded off into long sonorous sentences, and a " sound " discourse has very often been nothing more than sound. The sermon has been delivered in a lazy, listless, perfunctory way, with nothing of the God- commissioned messenger about the preacher. A great actor once accounted for the success of the stage, and in many cases for the failure of the pulpit, by saying we make fiction appear as if it were fact, we make fact appear as if it were fiction.". There is considerable force in this remark, and it would be well for ministers to cultivate a style of delivery which not by its loudness, but by its earnestness, will enlist the attention of their audience, and retain it to the close. A sermon should have a sooth- ing, but not a somnolent effect. It should, moreover, have a practical aim-some useful purpose to serve else what is the use of it at all It should be addressed to human- intellects and hearts, as indeed from a human heart and intellect, but a human heart and intellect glowing with divine love, and quickened by divine wisdom. And if this be its characteristics, there will be (speaking generally) fervour, not listless ness, in the pews ; there will be attention and not drowsiness and there will be fewer defections on the part of those-often good and thoughtful men who would rather spend (and who shall wonder. alien?).a rules Sunday among their books, or afflict' those glorious scenes of Keatinge, which Nature's God has so bountifully and con- considerately, provided for the use and happiness of man, than listen' to. a sermon full of dreary platitudes, destitute alike of freshness, pith, and purpose. The church has need of the best intellects., both of clergy and, laity ; it is a melancholy thought that the church's narrow- ness has often been the cause of their estrange- ment from 2'-. What was it that Goethe himself said about the influences of the Protestant pulpit, JP properly directed ? " If Protestants sought to to define more clearly what ought to be loved done, and taught ; if they imposed an inviolable reverential silence on the mysteries of religion without compelling any man to assent to dogmas tortured, with affixing presumption, into a conformity to, this or that rule, I should myself be the first to visit the church of my brethren in religion with sincere heart, and to submit myself with willing edifica- tion to the general practical confession of a faith which connected itself so immediately with action." This is the expression of a man whose fame is world-wide, and whose influence is extending with the years. tHis only saying in other words what many men in all the churches have often thought, and sometimes said, that if the pulpit is to retain any practical hold on the minds;' and hearts of. men, it must I , duties were, clearly what taught to be' loved, done, and taught! ' This is a practical marrying, I trrith.'se'aï'chîhg age an c!ah,qri,ie Usual, Correct 1 postures, and all that goes to, make. was the eMeriiak; of. veitgtctus wqi'sVup may p,Q<W«?s;s for? some minds, (surely not the strongest) a powerful fascination ¡ hit it will require something move substantial and more real, if religion is to be our' guide in the practical issues which life presents, or is expected to give us anything like enduring strength and comfort, when we are. called upon to face life's toinfitai>n,ï, Wbear its trials, qr resign, its joys and interests. H otu sermons »l^^iitta'ctcVUcd by a, healthy, manly ; tone'; if they are fitted to meet the WittUs of the age without' servilely pandering to Its wishes ; flirt if they trout of those matters which have a never-failing interest for human hearts, then stir influence under God will be powerfully felt in our day and generation,, and the" pulpit will regain a position which its best friends have occasionally been afraid, it was in danger of losing, and which its enemies'' have more than once declared with noisy' çôrifi^e'ri'çç it has set engage! If it' is' important that the Church should have ministers qualified for the high office which they hold, it is also important in a Presbyterian Church that there should be an efficient staff of Elders. That our Church there has been lamentably deficient in this respect, every one acquainted with its history knows full well That the present state of things ought not to continue is, I believe, generally admitted the only difference of opinion being in regard to the remedy to be applied to the evils which con- fessedly exist. Two proposals have been suggested, each of which I shall mention briefly. The first is, when a difficulty is found of obtaining Elders in a congregation, that certain qualified layman shall be appointed to act along with the minister in' carrying on the affairs of the Church, and to deliberate in its Courts, without being ordained to the office according to a custom which is not of yesterday, but stretches away back to Reformation-yea, as we hold-to Apostolic times. To this proposal, there is one grave-I might almost say in- superable objection, and that is, it is undies byterian. It has been a fundamental principle of Presbyterianism all along that there should be "ruling Elders" in each congregation, invested with certain powers and responsibilities which they receive at ordination. as Professor Lee, of Glasgow, stated the case at the recent General Presbyterian Council : " The main function of the Eldership, according to universal practice in Presbyterian Churches, has always been expressed in the very name 'Ruling Elder ;' or, in other words, that the characteristic duty committed to the Eldership is that of taking part, as assessors, with the ministers of the Word, in the discipline and government of the Church." A Church, therefore, calling itself Presbyterian, and at the same time destitute of Elders, is for the time being simply an anomaly. So long as we retain our Presbyterianism, our lay representatives in the Presbytery must be Elders properly admitted and ordained to that high and honourable office. The other proposal is that the present form of subscription to the doctrines of the Church should, in the case of Elders, be relaxed. This matter has for a considerable time engaged the attention of the Church at home for there, too, in not a few congregations, the same difficulty has been felt. It is a subject not free from difficulties ; but we believe they are not insuperable. At any rate, our Church in this colony must face them sooner or later and I can only express a hope that some measure will be devised which, while encouraging the most suitable men to take office as Elders, will not overturn any of those fundamental principles which the experience of centuries has proved to be of such vital importance to the good government of the Presbyterian Church. In the Book of Common Order, introduced into Scotland soon after the Reformation, we find the following laid down as qualifications for the Eldership :-" The Elders must be men of good life and godly conversation, without blame and all suspicion, careful for the dock, wise, and above all things fearing God, whose office standeth in governing with the rest of the ministers, in consulting, admonishing, correcting, and ordering all things appertaining to the estate of the congregation, and they differ from the minister in that they preach not the Word nor minister the sacraments." That such men are to be found in our various congregations, I entertain no doubt whatever and I trust that the day is not far distant when every congrega- tion in our Church shall have a properly constituted Kirk Session, and when at every meeting of Presbytery a representative Elder shall appear along with the minister of the charge, on one other subject I should like to touch before concluding this address. It is concern- ing the religious education of the young. It is very desirable that this matter should occupy our thoughts. suppose that in all our congregations now we have Sunday schools. Let these be efficiently worked, and the gain to religion in the next generation it would be impossible to estimate.. Let. there be a well-selected library for the children in every parish, and let a special collection be made yearly for the purpose of add- ing to the number of books. I notice that congregations invariably respond heartily and liberally to any appeal of this kind. Let the children be encouraged to give a little for missions ; the habit will grow with the years, as was well pointed out in the September number of our magazine, and the present hopes of the Church will in after years become it most liberal sitMorters. In connection with this subject, I may be permitted to express my gratification that in the public school system of this colony, religious instruction is at least not discouraged. Ministers have still the privilege granted to them of visiting the schools, and of imparting religious knowledge is as many children as choose to take advantage of it. I have no means of knowing how many or how few ministers have availed themselves of this privilege ; but it is worthy of consideration whether we should not all engage in this kind of work, if circumstances in our respective districts are favourable to it. Even one visit a week has a beneficial influence over the children. In availing ourselves of this privilege, I think it well not to teach any Church Catechism. That can be done in Sunday school. There is surely sufficient material in the Bible to make such a class a most interesting one; and if the Bible only is used, (he arrangement has this advantage, that children whose parents belong to different denominations may thus have the benefit of religious instruction, without in the least sacrificing any of their distinctive principles. No sensible man would ever take advantage of his position to promulgate his own views (say) of Church government, or extol one Church at the expense of another. There are surely general principles and undying truths in Scripture, on whose broad basis all Christian Churches might here at least unite, sinking their minor differences; for no man who has the highest interests of this colony at heart can contemplate without dismay the prospect of a godless race of children, to guide; its destinies, and to take our places when, per day is done. Let us then in our several spheres do what we can to promote the spiritual interests of the young, and to train up a truthful, obedient, and reverential race of children, who will by and by prove useful and honourable citizens. Let us endeavour to make religion attractive to them, by showing them its inherent loveliness, and the blessings blessings which it never fails to confer both on old and young, who receive its teaching with humble and honest hearts. That family is surely the happiest in which the Christian graces are constantly cultivated, in which prayer to Almighty God is daily engaged in by the children, and the blessed truths of God's Word are earnestly and repeatedly enforced by those to whom is committed the grave responsibility of trailing youthful souls not for time, only, but for eternity. Let the children be taught to remember their Creator in the days, of their youth ; if they do, He will remember them through this life's strange vicissitudes, and will not forsake them, either- in the feebleness, of age, or in the last dark hour, , And now brethren, j dead my office, and it will he your duty to appoint my successor. I can look back on my Moderatorship with many pleasurable feelings. The past year has not been free from anxieties, any more than any of its predecessors have been and I have been sorry to see in some quarters, repeated and unprovoked attacks on the Church to, which, notwithstanding all, that has been or can be urged against, it, I consider it no small honour to bring. ' But as Principal Tulloch said in that admirable address from the Moderator's chair, which I daresay we have all read with profound interest, "It is better still to deserve well than to receive well. Our part is Chilian duty and work-the end the cow is with God" in the difficult and delicate. duties we have had to discharge, it is nothing more than the truth to say. that we tried to do the right, as in two slight i of God. Evil things were $r\W was but to our own Master we "stand or, "all'-: 'Man, looketh six the outward, appearance, the Lord j looked! on the heart ? As by seasons we, have a had much pleasant intcrcûi'usiçi with quite another, ! and during my. business connect on with this Pres , bytery A ruyC0 formed friendships which I trust will last through, life, and be renewed hereafter. We cann.ot all see " eye to eye " on this side of time 1 but let us give one another credit for acting up to the best of our convictions in the various matters that, as office-bearers W, Christ's Church, we are bound by our orcl'na.troo, vows to consider. To quote D. Tulloch again, -" Our Iqb,QU\s shall fade away, and our con- troversies cease ; even their dim echo shall , rtot'biVlîèiutt of that peaceful shore, where we I profess to seek a common rest." When we think of bygone controversies, and the evils they have left us as a legacy ; when, Are IjKink of talents perverted, time wasted, and! opportunities of usefulness Hopelessly and for ever thrown away let, Vis In, the future do what we can to retrieve the past, and make our enjoyed] Church's power in the land for- good. Let as do our' duty faithfully 'and manfully', without fear and VriiJi«*\ui reproach, in that high, cutting to. which vi,mvprfhy though we are, our Qqd has raided us, and he will give us the needful strength and wisdom, for, WARi»ROi''s address was listened to with deep interest by all present. After the singing of a hymn, the benediction was pro-. nounced, and the congregation having dispersed, the Presbytery proceeded to the transaction of business. Mr. Wardrop intimated that his term of office had expired, and it would now be the duty of the Court to elect a successor. The Rev. Alex. Michie, of Kirk- lands, moved that the thanks of the Presbytery be given to Mr. Wardrop for the able manner in which he had discharged the duties pertain- ing to his office during the past year, and proposed the appointment of Rev. Alex. Doctor, of Sorell, as Moderator for the next twelve months. The coming year was likely to be one of marked importance in the history of their Church, and he was confident that Mr. Doctor would not fail in the right discharge of the important duties that would fall to his lot. This was seconded by Rev. H. Budge and unanimously and cordially agreed to. Before leaving the chair Mr. Wardrop gave expression to his grateful acknowledge- ments to the brethren for the courtesy which had been invariably extended to him during his year of office, and congratulated Mr. Doctor on his election. Mr. Doctor accordingly took the chair, and thanked the Presbytery for this mark of their confidence, and expressed his desire to do all in his power to advance the best interests of the church. Commissions were then read from the Kirk Session of Kirklands and Eskvale, and from the Kirk Session of Campbell Town and Upper Macquarie, appointing Messrs. James Gibson and James Maclanachan representative Elders during the ensuing year. These com- missions were cordially sustained, and the names of both gentlemen were added to the roll. The Presbytery then adjourned to meet in the same place next morning at 10 o'clock a.m. Wednesday Morning, September 25 The Presbytery againmeton Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock. There were present the Rev. Alex. Doctor (Moderator), Rev. Henry Budge, St. Andrew's, Launceston ; Rev. Robert S. Duff, M.A., Evandale ; Rev. John R. Wardrop, M.A., Campbell Town ; Rev. Alex. Michie, Kirklands ; Rev. F. T. Jenkins, Hagley and Deloraine ; Rev. James Scott (Clerk), Hobart Town (Ministers), and Messrs. J. Gibson, and J. Bell (Elders.) A commission from the Kirk Session of Evandale, appointing Mr. J. Bell representative Elder, was read and sustained. Mr. Bell took his seat accordingly, and as a newly inducted Elder received a hearty welcome to the Presbytery. The minutes of several previous meetings were next read, and having been declared to be correct, were ordered to be duly attested. Mr. Gibson asked that a motion, of which he had given notice at a former meeting, having reference to the propriety of the Court sitting with open doors, should be allowed to lie' over for the present. Agreed to. A letter from Hon, J. Maclanachan, hon. Treasurer, was read, in which he desired to be relieved from this office. All the members gave expression to the obligation under which Mr. Maclanachan had put thewholechurchfortheeffi cient manner in which he had for so many years performed the duties of his responsible office. It was resolved to ask Mr. Maclanachan to continue the duties for some time longer. Meanwhile a committee was appointed with power to arrange all matters affecting the present financial position of the church, and to consider the best manner of conducting finance affairs for the future, and arrange for a successor to Mr, Maclanachan in the treasurership of the church said committee to consist of Messrs. James Gibson, Alex. Webster, James Maclanachan, D. M'Millan, J. T. Robertson, James Whyte, together with the Moderator and Clerk of Presbytery. The Clerk to be convener. It was next moved by Mr. Duff, seconded by Mr. Jenkins, and carried-That Messrs. Michie and Wardrop be appointed a committee to draw up an outline of study for students in Theology for the first year, the whole curriculum to extend over four years. The meeting then adjourned till three o'clock in the afternoon. Afternoon. The Presbytery met again at 3 o'clock. Com [ municntionswerereceivedfrom parties connected with the Mission Station at Spring Bay, at present under the care of Mr. John Rutherford, missionary. After a lengthened consideration of the vaOfiafSftfc*icm brought under the notice of the committee, Mr. Duff moved the following resolution a "The Presbytery having considered communications from Spring Bay, respecting Mr. Rutherford, agree to make a grant of /jj towards his salary for the ensuing six months, and appoint the Moderator to visit the district, with the view of reporting to Presbytery as to whether the mission should be continued there- after." I was seconded and carried. Arrangements were next made for an early visit being paid to the Tamar districts by Messrs. Duff and Jenkins. Thursday Morning September 26th. The Presbytery resumed again on Thursday morning at 9 o'clock in St Andrew's Church. Mr. Duff brought under the notice of the Presbytery the subject of his recent visit to Circular Head, and in connection with it the position of the Presbyterian Church in that part of the Colony. The convener of the Home Mission Committee was appointed to visit this important district during the summer. Rev. H, Budge made a report of his visit to the Upper Piper. The Presbytery resolved to express. their gratification therewith, together with the hope that Mr. Budge might be enabled to continue periodically his visits to this place. Mr. Budge requested the Presbytery to grant him leave of absence for a period of four or six weeks on the ground that his health necessitated rest and change. Mr. Duff moved that the Presbytery express their sympathy with Mr, Budge in his delicate state of health, accede to his request for four or six weeks leave of absence, leaving him free to' make supply for his pulpit and to preach in out- lying districts at his convenience. This was seconded by Mr. Jenkins, and carried. Mr. Michie brought the subject of the Maga- sine under the notice of the Presbytery, and indicated proposals which had been made for the more satisfactory management of the Magazines in future, and intimating in, a request had been made to Mr. Hood, for which he had responded. Mr. Michie having intimated the nature of these proposals, Mr. Scott moved that the offer of five Hood be accepted, and that the whole question of the finances of the Magnate- be re- mitted to the financial committee already appointed. This was seconded by Mr. Jenkin, 1 and unanimously agreed to It was next resolved to accord; the hearty thanks of the Presbytery to, the editors of the Magazine. for the very' eminent services which they had rendered in conducting the denominational journal so ably. The Revs. Messrs. Michie and Wardrop acknowledged the votes and expressed their determination to continue the care of the periodical with all the ability which they could command. The committee appointed to frame Aft wearing of study for theological students for the first year of their course, gave in the following report, which was received and; adapted l-Latin, Virgil's yEneid, vd; Book i Cicero's De Senectuto. Greek, Hpjner's iliad, 1st Book ; Mark's Gospel. lMu'lpjjppjiy, Sir W. Hamilton's Lectures on I Metaphysics, 1st Volume, and Whately's logic. ' Church History, Dr. Isly Burn's First Three. Centuries Theology, Hodge's Outlines, Scripture Knowledge, Homily and Three Essays. Written Examination before the Presbytery. All existing' canneries and office-bearers, were re-app.9¡fUcd with existing powers and was stvi\çtiAUs, The Presbytery adjourned to meet at Hobart Town on the first Tuesday WAY December next, at St. John's Selina pt M o'clock am.. The meeting conclude with the usual devotional ex- services, -= 