) ; T; H' E . p. II K N T ; OlM 1 MM I N E E. J (A itonj of the old gold digging days.) \ " Thll you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale old ) gentleman of 70 years. " Well, I will relate a peculiar j. affair that happened on Tallmaiis Gully, in 1859."- ) We were all attention, and listened to the very remai'k- r able narrative he related in the following manner : ) " You must know," comnienced my uncle, " that I and ) four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ) wo were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to k keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday's work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were ) eveiy night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink k of a pick, about fifty y.ards fi'ora our canvas home. This confounded noise, always commenced at midnight, and did > not cease until the bi'eak of day. One night we were . determined to sec who it was ; so we sallied forth in the bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel I shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by .ni old claim which had been desevted for many year.s. I was chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this nois'" digger; I but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's clothes was no liring man, hut a sheloton I " Uncle Ned 1 " we all cried, ' how fearful." " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- to-do looking man, of about fifty ye.ars of age, who ( enquiipd for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. Ho told us that in '51 ho and a mate of his deserted from ' one of Her Majesty's .ships, and started for the Tallmans ( gold, fields: They worked with pretty good luck for a few months, when the new comer weut down to Melbourne to ' see about some letters. Before he went, he said to his I mate, ' Bob, wKitcver you do, never stop working the claim for a day until I come back.' Bob promised, and ' they parted. ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- I digger,- ' arid there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on board; and now that I have obtained my discharge, I have hastened up here to find my old chum.' ' You will see him to-night,' I said ; ' but you'll find him very much changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the phantom's pick was heard, aiul we all turned out. 'Ah ! ' cried the sailor, ' there's dear- old Bob. Bob, here I am back. .Bob, speak to 'irie.'' ' He rail to the figure, which turned its hideous face qq hina. With a loud shriek the seeker fell senseless on the ground. |The. ghost, threw down its pick, and vanished. lib the iriorniiig 'we discovered the poor sailor ;a-ravihg, lunatic." \ '' Ob,' uriclc-Ned, what'a' fearful story." ' "Well, you asked 1 me to ..tell you; a sfqry, and I have done so.'' : , ; j-- i," , , '' Then, it is n;ot4rne,? '' i " Wsl'i -said . our i-ihcle:;..laugliing, 'f it is as true|as many of the-abs.vird yarns.tiiab got;about liu'iug. the raging of the golct fever. z strange days,' when men would undergo any amqunt'of .privation for a few ounces of gold. How different ih iS riiqwji.jfor. should a man be pushed for a large:qLsmairamq.uut.all ,that he has to do is to have.au- intemew.with- . ? , : DAYIPjHRNR 52 Uqillns, street east, Who has frorii £5 to £ 10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with oi- without., security), , salary orders, life policies. certificates,,deeds, bill .of lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, ou'expected remittances,. on moneys per sons may be entitled' t64rorri 'England' arid elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills 'ditoounted daily at the;lowest rate of, interest, and . mortgages from 6 per. cent. 