) OHR AMATBHR THEATRICALS AT ) ' BOOLON&. Me jests at soars who neoerfelt a wmcnd — Rojiko, r One of the most awful recollectious Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he ised to declare, y was when he made his first and only appeaA-ance as |m i actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at"his \ own house in Boolong. He, Cor soni3 unkno vn'reason, nad ( conceived that he was born to be an aclor— to- tread the r boards like the great Garric'.c and the elder Kean — but it was, fooli.«h notion, soon knocked o it of his head- after his ) peculiar clehut. On finding the Melbourne audi Sj'dney ) managers unwilling to .nive a perfect novice with blearing 4 red hair, and a turn-up nose, a;i appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " ta&e; the bull by the horns" and get up a company of. his owns down ' at bis place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense ) in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do the , thing well and in tip-';6p style. Ha got together a kind of scratch company," many oE them like himselE, raw am- bitiovis amateurs, eager "to fret their hour .upon the ' stage," and one or. two see ly outcasts of the; profession; ) and .he I'ooked forward to the production o£ his pet play, |) " Hamlet," himself as the .Prince, with much;:; excitement, \ not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a \ month's constant rehearsal, were pretty per Cect - in their j words before the curtain went up, but after itdid ihost of them forgot them. The scenery hitched;' the Ghost was A intoxieaLed, and the ATtw.y likewise; an amateur, i burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said.a rdozen lines; Banbury was roared ait by the local personages who I assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this i was not the worst, for Banbury Eo'uud that when the bills came in the expense was twice as large as he ha,d expected, ) and he could not .meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, . " allowed me to bave whatever I wanted on credit, because they knew that my rich uucle in Adelaide, a strict Method- I ist, would pay them,-vbut I knew yery iwell he wouW.do no sucH thing when he'found they were' for theatrical trap pings; for if there, wasrone thing he. heldin'i. abhorrence it I . was'-the theatre. . What iwas. he';to.;cto -..His uncle, would disiiiherit him-,,turn|hiin;o|ut of the house .he had furnished for hiin, and send- him adrift ou: the Ayqrld. ' Wlirit was he I to dp His creditors. woiild no.t wait and he . would. be a ' m"isbrabl(3 pauper. . . B.ut for all,this.)ie did, not los(3' Ms house, and Ms poor; uncle's fortune is in the jbarik in- Ms ( name, thanks to the timely aid of one who is a, f riend to the drama. as well asdo the vest of the world, who. advanced ' him the needful. Need ,we say Ms name..- No ;, 'all ..know )_ him 1; ;'Butvye,rnay. as.welI.rei.nark;it..\yas;Ihe3 ,c7ta>/y;i(»;t of ' the distressed, ' ' - - ' .L , C- ' DAYID (HENRY, .of '52: Gollibs street east,. . > Who has from £5 to £10;000 to lcndbn notes of hand,bills ) of sale (with ;or '' witho;iit,'.security); salary . orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, ) merchandise,. on expeeted'remittances, or on moneys per- ) sons may be entitled to frbm Bhgland and' elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenieuce of borrowers. ) Bills discounted daily at" the lowest fate of anterest; and y moflgages from 6 per cent. ' 