A CHRISTMAS MYSTERY. Tor years 1 had spent Christmas witli the Yarn olds, at their place down in Lincoln shire. c Such a habit had this become that I never thought of Christmas except in associa tion with the old manor-house they lived in, and the wintry aspect of the pleasant scenery surrounding it. The understanding was that I should not wait for an invitation, but in the December of the year of which I am going to speak— a year not very remote— I aid receive a letter from my old friends, couched in such warm, cordial terms, that I could not have refused to accede to their wishes, whatever other arrangements I might have contemplated. A special day was named for my going down, and I was advised to take the train leaving London at five in the afternoon, so that the carriage might meet me at the station when the train came in, and take me and my luetraee on to the Manor-house. To this I assented in my letter acknowledging the invitation, and so was not only pledged to spend the holidays at a particular place, bnt also to start on a given day at a fixed hoar. These arrangements subsequently became important, because, had they not "been entered into, I might not have gone to the Manor- house that year ; I certainly should not have started on the day agreed npon, for on the morning of that day a most ' un pleasant circumstance happened. The morn-' trig's post brought me a letter from a stranger of rather a startling nature. It was in a woman's handwriting, and signed Martha Rathgrave. The letter commenced in fiercely-indignant and upbraiding terms, and it charged me with cowardice and villany. Then the tone changed to one of piteous appeal and entreaty. It is : not necessary that I should set down the exact terms of the latter here; enough, that, as I gathered, the writer was a frantic mother, whose daughter had been tempted from her : home by some designing scoundrel, and ' who, distracted between indignation and, misery, besought in hysterical and incoherent terms that as far as possible the injury might be repaired by the restoration of the misguided Agnes (that was the name given) to her home and friends. The shock of such an epistle may be im agined. My astonishment at the receipt of it was nnbonnded. That it was intended for me, there could be no mistake. My; name appeared in full on the envelope- Hare Court, Temple — and my name was re peated at the bottom of the fourth page of the sheet of note-paper. Yet I swear I had never heard, the name .of: Rathgrave before; and as to being a party to the abduction of the unfortunate Agnes, the charge wras aimply ludicrous. Martha Rathgrave wrote from Cherteey. Had the day been at my disposal, I should certainly have started off at once in search of the lady, with a. view to clearing jq> . the1 mystery. - Bnt there was my packhfo, and I had fifty little matters to aee about before the hour at which it was inevitable that I should catch my specified train. . .There ' was nothing for it but to write a letter, surd I eat down for the purpose. I eat down, but under the circumstances a letter was a very difficult thing to write. What could I say that would m any way satisfy Sirs. Katli- . grave? To tell her that she was mistaken, and that I wis not the man' she supposed, would obviously, to her mind,' be adding untruth to the catologue of my misdeeds. She had called ine a coward. l hegitatodat con vincing her that I was a liar. While sitting .pondering , over this, I nroaeqtly bethought me of an expedient. I could not go Oherteey myself, 'but I conld' send a friend. , Erectly;; bui. iWhq j I thought and thought, - then suddenly t.bit , upon it. : There was Gilbert Stone. The.! vereman ; young, smart, fond of adventure,".' and ever ready to.dpmsn a service'. More over, he was easily. to . be found — his cham bers ware only in the next court. Without further reflection, I resolved to take hpn into my confidence in this strange business, and to ask bin; to fathom the mystery for me. >.. . . With the open letter in my hand, I started off for Stone's chambers. They were on the fourth floor, and when I had mounted to the top of the gloomy staircase I found,; to any uiBamwintihent, thatiris outer door; Was dosed. Tluiiking it still possible that fie might be theie, I.gave'a Bhaip rap, but .thete was nbrasponBe drom yatbin." The Tlmd demded ti)ifi, .aad was about to torn »TOy3rhBh I;fceard Wnuobody btgin slo wly lo mo tfietoirt. ; ; fit.!' FW a heavy, weary atep.v b bu -Bteadily round after: toted: / I temed over tha fiulustrade, and was mwtally 'tSonimstiiig " «te|> with (Stone's light, agile bound, when, to my inteiise astonishment, on the figure coming into eight, I recognised Stone himself. At the same moment he caught sight of me, and certainly his astoniwhrnent was not less than mine. He started, and put out a hand against the vail to steady hitntielf. " Wh-"whafc do you want?" he gasped, in an angry tone, - ... - You're not well?" I rejoined, giving him a question for question. - " Nonsense ! Never better in' my life. What is it ?" I said it would be necessary to go into some little «Tp1iui«inrrnj and he then, crawled up Hie few remaining steps, and, putting his back «gMngfc (he stair-window, fnMoil tiin flwnflJ suit! tntimn that he W&8 ready to hear what 1 had to say. He seemed to have no intention of me into his chambers, and though I thought this odd, T would not appear to take any notice of it. There is seldom too much light in the Temple in December, and this morning was. specially gloomy. So, in the position Gil bert Stone had taken up, his face was wholly dark to me— I could not see a line of it. In a few words I explained what had happened, proposed to read the letter. . He nodded, and I went through it from end to end. He apparently listened intently ; bnt when I had done, and had folded up my paper, he still retained his listening attitude ; and it was only when I said, " Now, I want you to see into this for me, old boy," that he started up and replied, " VJjth pleasure ; give me the letter." I gave it into his hand. "And yon know nothing of these people?" he asked. " Absolutely nothing." He laughed. "All right. You are the genuine victim of a mystery. Enviable bang! Weill, enjoy yourself, old boy. Consider all this as good as squared. You'll hear from me. A meriy Christmas to you !" I reriprocrated the wish, we shook hands, and I hurried away to prepare far my journey with a sense of relief, in a few hours £ felt certain the unpleasant .little mis take would be cleared up. Still X felt anxious for Stone's letter. And that re minded me — I had not told him where I was going. Well, no matter ; I couldn't ; toil up those stain again ; he must address me at my chambers, and his communications would be forwarded to Xdncolnshire in due course. And now I reach a portion of my narra tive where it is necessary for me to observe the utmost exactness of detail, in order to gain credence for what I shall have to state. MV YKudrincr was finished at 4 '30 : a cab I then conveyed me and my portmanteau and a hat-box to the Great Northern terminus. The train starting at five was, as I knew, express to Peterborough, not stopping on the way ; it ultimately readied Lincoln, the station nearest my destination, at nine -that There were not many passengers by that train. I noticed this myself, and it was confirmed by the guard, with- whom I got into conversation, and who was kind enough to offer, me a compartment to my self, m case I preferred it. I did prefer it, as I had some papers to look oVer_ going down, and the guard showed me into a first-class carriage (No. 287), and locked the door to secure me against intrusion. . As soon as we were fairly out of the terminns, I took the bundle of papers I have men tioned from my pocket, determined to make the utmost of the rapidly-fading light ; for though the carriage-lamps were tit, they were not pleasant to read by.1 - The oscillation of the carriage as the train bounded along at express" speed was irritat ing ; but in spite of it 1 soon managed to get absorbed in my work. Tor some twenty or thirty miles I read on and on, making my self master of the details of a somewhat intricate case which had been submitted "to my judgment. Then a very natural thing' \- happened. My mind reverted to the event of the morning, I suppose, and suddenly, the name of Agnes Rathgrave began to intnide itself into my reading. The Words mixed themselves up in an odd fashion with the writing before my eyes— glanced and flashed there with such vividness, that 1 "began to lose myself in idle speculations about this unknown girl. Was Bhe pretty? Interest ing in manner ? Loving in disposition ? These and similar questions were bewilder ing me, when I was suddenly- startled by a sound as of a deep groan close to my ear. Though I believed myself alone in the carriage, I looked up sharply. Daylight was waning ; but the lamps bad in consequence brightened, and I had no difficulty in seeing about me with the utmost clearness. Imagine my astonishment then, when, on raising my eyes, I discovered that I was not the feme occupant of the compartment. Unquestionably, it was shared by a com- panion. The seat next ont one to my own was occupied by a lady, who sat gazing in tently ont of the farther window. There could be no .doubt about her being there, yet j felt certain that she had not entered the carriage at King's Gross, and it was quite impossible that . she could have entered it since, while we were tearing along at express speed. My flesh crept, and I felt a lifting of my hair as I looked at her; yet I did look at her very intently, so intently that I can recall every minute particular of her appear-' ance and attire. She was, so far as I could judge, not more than twenty years of age, petite in figure, with small, delicately-shaped hands anilfeet. As she wore a black veil, shiny with bugles, down to her mouth, the upper part of her face was hidden, but the lower portion was most delicately turned. Mouth and chin were beautiful ; so was a little shell-like ear, of which I caught eight. But what struck' me most forcibly was the snowy whiteness of the complexion ; there was no flush in it ; even Ike lips were bloodless. The lady's dress was neat to simplicity. She wore a black and white check silk, the skirt quite plain, and a short velvet mantle. Her bonnet was also of velvet, with a cluster., of pansies in it over the left temple.. " I saw no jewellery. My attention was specially drawn to my companion's hands, from, their unnsnal smallness and the exactness 'with, .which her gloves fitted. Moreover, die had a peculiarity, of the left hand ; she kept it tightly clenched, and I presently saw that' her object in doing so was to retain fast hold of acrumled fragment of paper ; but the ap parent tenacity of grip might, I decided, be unconscious, as she was clearly muck self -ah- . fcorbeeL Beginning to smile my own alarm, I pre- sentiy mustered up courage enough to address' the lady. Bending forward, I enquired whether she preferred the window down. The noise of the train was so great that I could hardly hear myLJ0irii voice, but die - heard it, : abd.; taming' toward me. smiled graciously. Her lips also moved, and she placed her right hand on the win dow-strap. At Ike same . moment, I under stood her to ahswerme intheaffirmative. . So I bowed, leaned back inmy seat, and tried to resumemy iesdiqg- tetlnsIwSSimlypartially successful. My eyes were coridantlyyan- dering toward my companion, who was again, wateffingthe fading landscape through 'her veil, while I peculated ion the mystery of fier being there.. . " I toll' speak to the guard at Peter borough," I mentally determined. ' As Idid so our speed began to slacken, and looking out I saw that we were dose upon the old town. - The -express stage of our journey "Wat near 'its iheqcL' rlTheiqaiful bgade-of the cathedral was already hi. View. Within a few minutes1 we were entoring the station; Tbeplatform was oil my sideof.the carriage (the iteverse had .keen the case, in starting at King's-cross), and as the name of the blade was shouted' «ut,/mingled with a cry W" '' -Tickets !" T noticed that my com- piiibli imSned her faoe ifiy way, :o. , j s'Y-du get outkeref'T inquired, i .'. - ; .She incfiued her head. ,' \\- < 'I: pat my .hand out, to. open .the 4o«rr&_ her. It was locked- J At the same moment: thncdllectoricoine'upiaild'askedrto Bee my fifiltafc - 1 ,'r > i : — i ' . . ;"This lady -will get out hre, -if you will "Lady, sir.; what lady?" . 1 I tiiihedehaiplyto Where my companion had bteh' seated. " "Shd Was feone ! ' "T : " There was a lady Seated in this rerriage a moment ago, " I stammered but." --- ' ' Sir.,!" fie ejaculated"; "then, peering m my face; aiiil seeing",' the look of - consternation there,.1 he wU«i,f jn-; eontiliateijr,- tone, " Been dreaming, sir; there can't have-been poladyiereldMigjrbOi «r. wasiocted." ' T darted to the . other dbor and tried it- fastened ! ; A cold shudder crept over me as I looked at the amused faces of the twomen. - My own muse have been ghost-like. ' : , Fortunately, there wrakoVtiike to. discuss the matter further : time was rip,and Ike train moved on. ' Asthe station receded from view, 'fid a sense of bring tkpie again came over me, I nearlyswooned with terror. There could be .no blinking dm troth to myself now -..Ihad seat a pftost/; it had appeared to me in that place, and for all I Imew, it might return.. 'I felt assured that, ehould- the phantom present itself again, I should throw myself from tire carriage in the very madness of terror. My only Cohsolation was tbat tbe train stopped. at? the. next station, Boston, only a few miles distent,' sud there it would be practicable for me to get into another compartment, one in which there were booked and duly accredited human passengers. The distance between' Peterborough and Boston was inlenhindile-to me in my agony of alarm; but it was traversed without any fresh ghostly experience, and the instant the train stopped 1 leaped out. . iThe relief of escaping was so intense that I. could hardly stay to collect together my papers, rugs, and other trifles. A'porter proffered assistance and I gladly availed myself of it, though 1 had to put up with his astonished looks when he found I Was only moving from one carriage to another, apparently without an object. I selected a compartment this time with plenty of life in it— two burly farmers and an apple-faced oldlady gave promise of security from farther horror, and I was con gratulating myself on the success of my move, when, jnst as the train began to move, the porter I bad engaged came to the window, and touched his cap. "Beg pardon, sir," he said, "but does, this bdong to your papers ? Fount! it on the seat of the other carriage." He held out,: as .he spoke, a crumpled fragment of manuscript ; I recognised it the moment I took it. There conld be no mis- take as to its being the fragment of paper my mysterious fellow-traveller bad clutched so tightly in her band. - . The train had started; and it was impos sible to give back ' the paper. It was not mine ; I had no right to it ; yet so .peculiar was the chance that - had given it in my possession, and so strangely was it connected with ike most inngnlar experience of my life, that I felt hound to preserve it. As the eyes of my companions were all npon me, 1 simply placed the fragment in my pocket- book, determined to examine it on reaching my joumeyteend. . ! - My reception at Manor-house was so cordial, iand it was so absolutely neceaBary to render one's self agreeable among a household of guests, that my .adventure almost passed" out of my bead until I found myself in the dead of the'night alone in the deeping-cham- ber which had been assigned to me. . All the alarm! had felt in the rail way-carriage came, back to me -with redoubled intensity. Y found myeyes wahderum foom chair to chair, con fident that I shoukkprreently Bee my ghostly, companion seated in one of them. And instead of' trying' to -banish this impression- from my mind by reflecting on other things, I found the one subject drawing me to it, with' irresistible : facination: J 'l 'could not even resist at that dismal hour ike temptation to examine tbe paper in my pocket-book. -The sight of this, as I drew it out, gave me a turn; yet it was a very simple- matter.. A mere crrunpled scrap of writing. ; I sat some time with it lying open in the joakn of my hand, looking at it dreamily. - Then an idea, suggested ky the shape of the paper and the writing in it, suddenly seized me. i " This is part of a letter," i said, ' aloud — "a part held in a hand, with a desperate clutch while the rest has . been 'wrenched away." She must have held 'this in a death grasp." , ' i A gust of wind howled -round the chamber, and moaned itself piteously away. The cold dew of terror came out in beads upon my brow. : It was some time -before I conld summon courage to qndertake a -mmnte examination of the writing before me. "When I did it yielded little ; there were only a few lines, on one side of the paper, and they were broken and fragmentary. This was all I read: " Make you my wife and 1 thaU not forget— —Foolish impatience ruin all Your family Exposure to be regretted- " There was nothing more ; all that might have rendered this an intelligible sentence had been torn away ; as it was, the fragment was worthless. It told nothing, and how could it in any way throw a light on the- mystery of the apparition which troubled me more and more as I reflected on it ? Indeed, I felt that I . dared not think over it too intensely, and though the gfaostlineas of the chamber (exaggerated by mjr own imagina- tion, no doubt) weighed heavily upon me, I boldly extinguished ike light and threw my- "nir 41.. WhI where, after a time, feticne resulted in broken slumbers. All next day I debated with myself whether I Bhould take my host into my con fidence in the matter of my railway mystery ; bnt though Yarnold is a capital fellow, he is one of those sturdy, hard- headed, unsenti mental yeomen, with no possible belief in the supernatural, and I decided that he would only receive my statement with in credulity or open laughter ; so I kept my counsel for that day. Next morning my letters were brought up to my room.- ' All tW had come to me at Ike Temple had been put into an envelope which . I had/left directed with my cleric, so that he might for ward them to the Manor-house. . The letters chiefly related to matters of business ; but the last I opened had more special personal interest- It was the letter I had expected from Gilbert StoDe, and related to the com mission he had undertaken. , 1 Stone's communication was short— ia mere note— bnt to the purpose. He had called on the "lady; Mrs. Rathgrave; hadfonnd her greatlyconcernedat herdaughter>fiopement, with some person unknown, but who appeared to have corresponded with the girl m my name, borrowed, in all probability, from 'the London Directory, to which: authority : the mother had gone- for my address. Stone added that he had effectually cleared up the mistake so far as I was concerned. He-wrote in haste, as he was going off. with a friend to spend his Christinas in the .country; " Thank goodness," I ejaculated, "there is one mystery cleared up. Now- if I could only satisfy myself about my fellow- traveller—: — " I stopped abruptly. Surprise took away my breath;. - while . speaking I had held Stone's . letter, in xny hand, regarding it with a 'fixed and thorough' gaze. .Now, with a quick, lightning-suddenness," a discovery upon me. The writing on the fragment of paper tohitii the unman had, held in her grasp, teas inden- ticalrrifkShtd&ilietiUtih;&bremUI; - ' No -wonder I wis piirte vrito 'ntterasbHUsh- ,ment- ... Of comss, " the" firrt jmpreasion yielded to doubt: but adose .and. minute &mphris6h; 'of ' letter for letter decided me. ' The words I had read over-night were in Gilbert Stone'? hand-writing. What then, did it all mean? "What hadhappened ? T " " . 4- Jai'nn 1ii»M»Wenl-.''l'sinnltrtiF>lt J-tiACo -qusstfonshif lfiihjl, and greypertoAea. Yarnold met me in the eomdor; be, had been reading las letters ; there was a sheafof them m fauhand.; His face was radiant. " More guests. my boy !", he exclaimed, shaking the lettersat.me.as we met: "By Jove ! we shall haveto get the Magor-houae enlarge!' W ncprt Ofiristflias.'i ' "SdswLl"? ' " ' ' i > " -Yea ; and aS it is we disll have to quarter one :qf <tiie'neF-c6mera on you ; a fneud of Sir BanyTbiyi's. " ' You mayinow him, by- thoway; heia at the bar:"" , " D6es Sir Harry mention bis name ?" ' MOhJ eerteihly— 4et me|;yrt,;here;it is — GilbertiStcme."-,.::!:'!:)';,!.'. ' I was conscjqqs of siauting aad changing "cofwpv;"." Yarnold lopked surprised, as he well miglfl; lor.he _cbuld little guess "the strange thoughte and mivirigs winch were alreadyfehaping themselves in my mind about the inan whose name ie 'hhd'tnintioiied as about to come there as hia guest- . However, I snbnpttod to bis surprised looks, rather than make any statem'yit as to those doubts and misgivings. ; They/ we, : indeed, : so vague that I conld hardly haveputthem into words: I contented myiffl wrtii remiriring that I beUeved thrt lkney 'Harry''fri&Lil;, and Yampld hiinseU. 'fo . my relief, soon . Three rhts ift.iGiert jSijope_,came down. His surprise ;itBefihg me"wa8' natur ally. yerygreat ;1I had nrtximiltiqned to lfim in town whfflg Christmas, and it cevskdy seemed a steam coincidence that my fiend Sir Harry Finch should have bronghihim down to the same place. It waaVthah he did not suspect it, more than eoineidenci ; it was destiny; He did not mention his litter transmitted to me that morning, andjjf .course I said nothing abont the flis<» very! baud made, identifying the writing with thrt of the fragments left by my spectral conipanion in the railway train. In truth litti: passed between us, for L fancied: that, greU, as was Ins surprise at seeing me, his nneasness was greater. Nor, I could tell, was thb lessened onhis hearing that it was my roan he was tohare. He affected to be charmed, but I.eawthathis lower lip, dropped and quivered. I bad already come to regard him with grave sus picion, and determined to observe him closely. "These was danchg that night, and Stone threw himself int> the amusement with enthusiasm— I thoegkt with recklessness, if not .desperation. Suddenly, when the gaiety of toe scene was at its height, I saw him give a' hurried glance round toe hall and steal away. - I followed him, bnt at -a distance. He ascended the stairs, and traversed toe corridor leading to our room. His step was noiseless, and I pursued him like his shadow. The room was full of moonlight. As he jrent in he throat-to the door, bnt did not close it. I stole up and looked in.-" He was stooping over a portmanteau, from whidh he took out a guia.ll writing-desk ; a key. at- 1 tached to his watch-chain enabled him to open' tins. What conld he his object? The moonlight was strong enough to show me' that be took from the desk a handful ofbpen letters.' But a man does not leave the dance, to read letters bv moonlight. -No, nor by lamplight ; thoni while toe thbnght was in my mind he struck a match and lit the taper on toe %able by. hia side. Then he had out -one of the letters toward the hardly-kindled .flame, sp that the comer of the paper' "almost ignited.;- His object, rtoen; was not -to read,, but to destroy— to destroy, something be fore I was thereto observe his movements. In toe instant of my detecting that inten tion I was in toe room, my right hand had -firm hold of hia wrist, and wewere glaring at each other, eye to eye. \- "Stay, Gilbert Stone!" I cried. "Yon me? "the demanded, | ; " And by whose authority ? -' \- "That of the dead!" TTi« look changed, and he staggered from me. Then, in theiconrage of desperation, he. summoned np all his strength, and made a rash, seizing me fiy the throat.- Our struggle was short and sharp; I threw him; and he lav at mv feet darinc. , In the contest the letters had fallen, and lay scattered abont ns. Among- them was tile one .'he wonld have' destroyed in toe flame. I recognised that at a glance, for it was much crumpled, and a half-circular piece -been! torn out. of ike bottom of it. Hardly a second gbuioe wis necessary- to convince . me that I had in. my pocket toe mining pieetL wkjck would render it com- ''As Stone gazed at me with vicious eyes, I tore out my .pocket-book, prodnced toe fiiag- m.nt- nnd-fitiad it .into lke letter, wbitih it. matched wito exactaess. V.i ; ". How. dare jon come hop to piy into my leUer8?" ,'ihe' man demanded, withraiPat- tempt at jswagger. ' . ! I have.given:you .my anthonty, I re-, plied; " it is tkat of the unhappy woman to. whom you wrote these words— "Yon know tort - 1 nave promised to' make you my wife, and I shall not forget thai promise when the primer time qomes, imless Wn, by your fobUsh impotieneefrmn-.ollf lmtig-sce upon your family, and tend .yourselfto an exposure that will assuredly "fiave to fo rt: gretted. ' Be reasonable, rand confide wholly in your devoted Adorer.' " ; ' ' It will be seen that I pieced out the tense of theframent (in italics) by -means of the (Hie horror of Gilbert Stone as I did so£was intense, and -was only -exceeded whem-ln a \- few- stmn words, I told him how it had fc&tne; into my possesion. At that narrative all his manliness letehim. He fell at my feet, and abjectly implored my pity, my wmpas-, sion. I reminded; him thatj as yet,(l only suspected him of some offence dark enough to, arouse the. spirits/of another worid to rise npto avenge.it. " Yes," he exclaimed, wilk a shudder, "it was she— it was Amies." " What! Agnes Rathgrave!" I cried, with; amazement. \- - " The same.- - It was -to - her- -that—tliis. letter .was addressed." , i was bewildered, confounded, And I said' go," . r- " ' .'- "( -1 .t- "You shall know all,'! hesrid; f'.btat my. lips burn, my throat is parched. I must have water— water." . " 1 He scrambled to hia feet, and, going fo . ...fow iwntTtwl nnt. tk" dratarif tnln « glass, and gnlped it down eagerly. , Then he entered on a deliberate cpnfeasion. which revealed alL He admitted that it was he who had . made advances to Agnes Rathgrave, bat in my name,' simply oBed as toe first that occnrxed to him with which to screen his own. In that name he had pro mised .her marriage ; and two nights before she had come to his chambers in mad despe ration, bringing with her .his letter, and thryrj-jCTiiiig exposure imless he kept his pro mise. Her words were exsapoatiiig, his I temper short, and he rushed on her and fried to tear toe letter from her hand. Part he secured, but, in the struggle, toe stumbled and fell backward, bearing wito her the small portion by which she held.. That foil was fatal To his horror, the woman" lay dead at his feet- /. "I see her now," he cried, pattern his. hands "before his eyes, "lying there stiff in, her silk dress, and wito, the, short veil hdlf hiding her dead face." \- He added that he sat gating at the body' half the night, then betoough t liim that I there were empty chambers satae aame court: to which his key would gam him admis-' sion. To those chambers he had harried toe body through the darkness, and there it re mained. This statement fully accounted for toe state of trepidation in which hfe met me on his stairs in the 'morning, and-the readiness with which he undertook to clear up toe Rathgrave mystery, about which, be knew too much already. -His subsequent letter tome was, of course, a lie; he had not seen Mrs. Rathgrave, having 'only too strong reasons for weeping out of 'her way. . "But 1' had managed- it all ao cleveriy," he added, '"' teat I might have got off un suspected if -the poor dead wretch had only, been laid attest in a Christian grave. But she has appeared to you ; ebe may appear I to othovaod it: is useless to agfck the dead1" He smarted up "and- prrased both hnndg I tightly over his; heart" ' The cAiidr luid, gone- from liie face while he spoke, and. I hqw 'bkW mat it was ,dis-i .V . '. .... ,v " .13. ."-You are ill!" I exclaimed. , f'Let me ring — " " Too late, ipy boy, . too. late," he said fointlv. " It is' ten nminteE since 1 drank the water — " ; "Wit" '. . i . " " It was poiemied.v He dropped forward our his -fore, and before aasistanto cdnld cdme to him had breathed his last spasmodichreato, and was dead. And tbns toe-" qtirit irf the' murdered victim of bis heartless ouetty and treachery was mysterioutiy avenged- .1 