§ocki). ; . OLD LETTERS. 'With roBy ribbon's faded ghost to bind them, Lorn? forgotten amid things wo all forget, In a chest of ancient souvenirs I find them, Faintly aoentcd trom old crumbled mienouctte. And as now I slowly road them, solemn-hearted, I imagine, with a vague phantasmal dread. That among their yellowed paces I have parted The inviolable cerements of the dead ! Here are words that shine with punny exportation Of returning over sea to friends and homo : 'When at last this gaudy Carnival's elation Discontinues, we shall tear ourselves from , Home.' Like a brook tho merry language ripplos brightly ; , Well she loved, that happy sister, what life gave ! Let me think how many years it is that nightly I StarBhavegUmmeredonher lonely Homangravc! ! Here Is writing that I almost hold as holy ; He was such a light of learning. Brother Ned I 1 Equal gentleman to lofty or to lowly, With his oandid Saxon eyes and golden head 1 j Father ohided him too sternly, always orying I At his boyish college love of cards and wines ! : Ah, how often I have dreamed I saw him dying ! Far away among those Oregonlan mines 1 | Here aro leaves where still tho soul of summer ^ lingers ; *' Como to- morrow, love ; the country is so dull.' 1 Oh, tho perfume of those cottage-door syrlngas. And the twilight of the meadow's languid lull 1 Oh. the fire-flies, with their dizzy glitters woven Through the boskage of the copses dark and 1 .damp 1 Oh, the rapture while she gently played Beethoven la the parlour where the moth was at the lamp 1 It is lately as last August that I met her Attbeorowded Newport ball where 1 had strayed, One a widower of sixty .two and better, One a dowager with feathers and brooade. Was it fancy that sometimes looked severely At her pretty daughter's partner in the waltz? Could it happen that a meagre income yearly Was conspicuous among his youthful faults ? Drear momentoeo of those disannulled affections, Like tho rays from planets that no longer glow, With your tidings that are ghostly resurrections, Itwere wiser to have burned you long asol Yet, alasl what wasting flame's intenser flashes, With tho reddest greed destruction can endow, Could have made you the irrevocable ashes That annihilating Time has made you now ! 