'THE SYDNEY UNIVERSITY MA- GAZINE.' The second number of this monthly magazine is to hand—and, as was the case with the opening issue, we find it also a very readable and interesting one. Mr. J. Sheridan Moore, the editor, has inserted an advertisement with reference to an attack upon him in the 'Evening News.' He terms it a "malignant attack," and, giving the tenor of an explanatory note which he sent in reply, informs the read- ers of his magazine that this letter was refused insertion in the 'News.' We cannot avoid thinking that Mr. Moore has cause for complaint, and that a gen- tleman who has been honourably con- nected with literature in this colony should have received more courtesy. An editorial on education, under the heading "A Complete Whole," is brief, but interesting. Orpheus and Eurydice, by Henry Hal- loran, is very good, as might be expected from a poet of Mr. Halloran's well-earned reputation. He is no mere rhymester—no poetaster. He forms one of that noble little band in Australia of which the late Chas. Harpur was a member, and of which are now Henry Kendall, J. Brun- ton Stephens, and Geo. Gordon M'Crae in particular. J. Sheridan Moore's Battle of Life is continued. He is a chatty, lively writer, and his great experience and wide range of observation render anything from his pen always welcome to us when we have an hour to spare for a dip into literature. Henry Kendall's famous poem of the Ghost Glen is reproduced, to illustrate an allusion in the Battle of Life. The article Extempore Comedies, by Walter H. Cooper, is (like everything from Mr. C.'s pen) dashing, redolent of quotations, and affords the general reader some amusing and useful information in a small compass. Terrigal, a poem by Henry Kendall, is worthy of that gentleman's reputation. There breathes throughout it that strain of sympathy with the sad and lonely cha- racteristics of Nature and natural scenery which is such a marked feature in Ken- dall's poetry. Take for instance, his oft- quoted and beautiful line, worthy of one of the literary giants of the Elizabethan era— "The rain comes sobbing at the door!" Tea planting in India, by Wm. Kay, seems to us a very practical and useful paper, so far. The continuation of the paper will be given in several issues of the magazine. After a couple of sonnets, by J. S. M., the contribution on Burns's Jolly Beggars, by J. Stewart Paterson, LL.D., is con- cluded. This is an able paper, and we trust it will not be the last one from so clever a critic on the leading poet of Scot- land. Carwoola, by J. D. F-G., is rather pretty, but lacks vigour. The style is not a bad imitation of some of Scott's poetry in describing natural scenery—al- most as close as Smith's parody (the Fire at Drury Lane) on Scott, in the Rejected Addresses, and which no one laughed at more heartily than Scott himself. Following some notices of books, a so- cial song, by Frank Melthorpe, should, we fancy, go smoothly with a suitable air. Before we finished the second line, we could not resist thinking of Moore and his peculiar style in songs. A paper, by "Vallambrosa," on the Eucalypts, and Nugæ Academicæ, by an Ambrosial, finish an issue of the 'Sydney University Magazine' which we have no hesitation in recording a very favourable opinion of. The publication deserves suc- cess, and we trust it will receive it. The Sydney publishers are Messrs. Kindersley and Co., of Market-street West. 