'A -BOHEMIAN BORN.' k. '-$??? Chapter I.— Childhood. ?''-- = ? ?f^ow, Garde, ifs 'your turn to l-e the lady comin' to buy. Take Itenjy. with you : —-hell foe your little boy, and you'll want to Jfuy a horange for him; and Til sell you 1Mb one for an 'apenny^ but, mind, you \- -THroii'tgive it him, or he'll gobble it upin no time. See ; Til tie this piece o' scarlet ribbon round bis neck to make him . 'smart.' ' ;, . ' ' ? ' ? - Minnie pulled off the broad ribbon that adorned her unkempt straggling locks., and proceeded to tie it round Benjy's chubby ^throat with great gusto. i i ^Tm chokinY' said Benjy, in a husky :?yQice, looking very Ted in the face tinder the operation ef being made smart. ' Well, it's better to choke a little and be fine ; ain't it, Jim ?' said Minnie, in a tone of vast confidence as she still valiantly struggled to tie the ribbon in a true- lover's knot under Benjy's chin. ' In course it is, unless you choke too much, for then the bobbies might take you up,' returned Jim, who was the eldest of our quartette, and 'whose opinions were further deserving of reverence from the fact that his experience of the world had very recently been widened- by a sojourn with his grandparents in Surrey. Bu% notwithstanding this, Benjy could not be made to realise that it was Ms duty to fall a -victim to the glory of wearing a scarlet tie. 'I'll tell mother you're choMn' mej' he said, beginning1 to howl so lustily that Minnie was forced to unloose the ribbon, and satisfy her ambition of ; making Benjy imposing by simply pinning the finery round hisneck-i \ 'Take him by the hand,. Garde, and slope. You can just go as far as Mother. ^ Bang's corner, and then come back. Me arid Jim -will be keeping shop; we'llhave lie. horanges and mits in this square box= . that'll 1?e our shop.' Y. ? *'But I uoE't wani to go,4' I answered, surveying Benjy's grimy face and torn \i$9thes with ill-concealed disdain. 1,1 ^Why don't you want to go?' saidMinnie, .Vaiakones of rising wrath. . f -i ivjShe was older and much bigger than I i;{^nas^.-and were it not that she wasgene ¥ir^fily in tatters, she would have tyranised over me unmercifully.' But Minnie, like most children, was instinctively conserva tive enough to give .their due weight to a clean dress and neat boots. . She never openly expressed her admiration for these as exhibited in my possession. But when we consorted together'for *? play,' as on the present occasion, in One of the quieter alleys near the street in the' east end of London, where our respective homes were within a' stone's throw of each other, she would cast: a look of respectful appreciation on my . apparel, which I thoroughly understood, and 'which inspired me with a certain sense of superiority over Minnie1 that served to counterbalance her advantages of age iiud strength. Sometimes Minnie would throw out dark hints that she would shortly appear in garments which, in beauty, and richness, would far eclipse any drapery of mine. But somehow the reality never, fulfilled the expectations raised by these vague rumors : of approaching splendor. . Minnie's mother ?was a chairwoman, and her employers gave her cast-off raiment now and then, which in some instances had been originally made to graee a festive occasion. 'But as the task of rendering the dress of an adult down to the size of a girl of eleven, gene rally devolved on Minnie herself, the re sult was as a rule unique. I yet retain a vivid recollection of the way in which Minnie altered a faded blue silk for her own ?wear. It had evidently belonged to a woman of portly and commanding pre sence. When Minnie One day, in the absence of her mother, who, in consequence of her occupation,' was much more abroad tban at home, first tried it on she was lostin its voluminous recesses. But quite un daunted by this fact she expatiated on the richness of her new possession in. a voice almost tremulous with emotion. ''Aintit lov-ely?' she said/surveyinor me and the sweeping skirt by turns. ' ' Itrwill be Bice when it isn't so large for yon^T returned evasively. Benjy, who was Minnie's brother, younger than his sister by. five years, and her constant charge, testified his admiration by tightly clasping the superabundant skirt with two' chubby hands, soiled and sticky with the bread and treacle on which . lie had been feasting. . . ? 'Therej you've siled it already,' said Minnie, shaking the little offender so violently that he instantly released his hold, and began roaring as loudly, as a : Bull ' of Bashan. r \ The appearance presented by this blue silk when Miiinie had in some occult way reduced it more or less to her own dimen sions was eminently striking. One sleeve was so long that it reached almost to the tips of her fingers. The other barely came to her wrist. There was an amplitude about the body which was far from being warranted by Minnie's development. The skirt was an example of wonderful irregu larity. One side presented the aspeet of a train nipped in the early, bud of promise ; the other was severely restrained within the ordinary length of a girl's dress, in a i-hort tiire after Minnie would accomplish ihtse changes, and begin to wear the dress thus manufactured, great and terrible rents v ould soon to be perceptible. . '?Them Browns is awful mean; they never -rive nothing till it's fit to fall to pieces if you wink at it,' Minnie wouldsay, in gitat ducpeonat this state of affairs. ' 1 think, on the whole Minnie's strong poi t ia dress was the marvellous way in -vrh'ch she managed to bedizen her head with divers colored ribbons. Her hair 'was of a. dusty brown, short and straggling, with a tendency to stand on end, owing probably to its being very coarse and short. But -whatever else might be asserted of Minnie's hair, no one could say that it was at any time to be seen without a ribbon in some guise or shade adorning it. Sometimes her hair was arranged in short thick plaits that looked warlike enough to carry ona desperateguerilla warfare on their own account with any enemy that would be daring- enough to touch the ribbons of Oriental hue with which they were tied. On other occasions Minnie's locks would be pubhed straight back from her forehead, and confined by a ribbon tied tightly round her £calp with a grimly vicious lookingknot that would defy untrained fingers to un loose, it. But this was not of much moment seeing that a. different colored head dress was almost daily forthcoming, How or where Minnie obtained such an exhaustless supply, is one of those questions that must - for ever *tare unanswered into the abyss of time. I have a firm conviction that if Minnie had been dropped in the midst of Sahara, or. the wastes, of America, or the untrodden -depths of the Australian bush, she wouhi daily in some inscrutable; way be found with a different colored ribbon in her hair. The one of which she had on the present occasion divested herself, in order to make Benjy an irresistible swell, was almost as broad as it was long, and though by no means in the first bloom of its youth, was still of a ferocious scarlet hue. Benjy, intensely conscious of his in creased gentilityinitspossession,awaitedthe signal to go abroad into the world in a new character, and Minnie standing before me, stern of aspect, repeated her question, ' Why don't you want to go ?' . . . ' Because I don't want to be Benjy's mother,' I replied. - ..:;__. 'And why don't you want to: be iis: mother, you disagreeable thing? ? He's as good as you, I suppose?' saidMinnie, with rising choler. - . To this I made no reply, though I had distinct views of my own on the subject. Indeed, Minnie herself in, her moreimpaiv ; tial moods used to sum up, Benjy ^as ** an : awful worrit — when he ain't; cryin' he's stuffin' hisself, and when he -ain't stuiiin' he'scryin'.' . ;: . : ?:??:?. 'And our mother's;as good as. old Betty Jones any dav/' went on Minnie, bent on making me realize my presumption-, in -? declining to be, even dramatically, Benjy's mother. r :;- : = ?,,-.? . ' Betty Jones ain't my mother,'' I said ; 'but she's a very good woman, And sue : never quarrels with .people.' ? This was a precocious home-thrust on my part, as Minnie's mother was noted for her bellicose. temper, and. shrewish tongue. : . ' Betty Jones ain't your- mother ! and I'd like to know who your mother was! I' don't believe you. know yourself ?' sneered Minnie... ?? . - '..-; ? : ??? ' '; ? ;- v ;- 'I do- knowv She was tike the angels that came- down the ladder to Jacob in a dream,' T answered, my face flushing hotly with indignation at the base suggestion that I did not know any thing of my mother — my mother, who was shrined in my memory as one apart and widely differentfrom all the people I had ever known ; who came to me sometimes in my dreams as I had last seen her, with a white beautiful face that no throb of pain or «torm of passion would disturb evermore. It was thus that I re- ? membered her best— lying with closed eyes and a strange deep i peace upon her brow. All my previous memories of her were vague and variable, something like dreams . that we confound with what has passed in * our waking moments. But that scene was vividly and ineffaceably imprinted on my mind; and this was quite natural, for it . was my awakening from the plantlike exis tence of early childhood to the troubled ' coBsciousness of sentientlife. It was 'sum- mer time, and it was in the country.. Of this I am sure, because'the sun was shining with a bright warmth (unknown to it at any other season in a northern clime) through the white blind that was drawn over the window. And without there were the cries of birds, the hum of bees,7 the lowing of cows in distant meadows, and/the echoingvoices of people at work'in the fields. There must have been flowers somewhere in the room, else how is it that to my dying day the faint sweet odor of monthly roses arid mignionette, will bring, that hour before me with a sw ift unerring vividness that is inore like a passing glance at a bold and skilfully painted landscape than the memory of a far off scene ? And on a small table near the bed there was a shabby little prayer book and an ebony crucifix. How it came about that I stole alone into this hushed chamber and sat long aad noiselessly looking thus at my mother, t remember very well. She had been ill--so ill that I was not allowed to go into her room; and a woman who lived close to the farmhouse in which we then resided took me away to stay with her for a few days until my mother would get better. I cannot say how many days I had been absent, when- ail alone, and un known to any one, I stole away across the fields as fast as my little feet could carry me, feeling sure my mother must want me as much as ^ I wanted her. I had never - ? been away from her before, and without her everything and every one-seemed, strange and repelling. '?-*-?'. . ? L :. ? The way seemed- very long, but at last- 1 bad traversed the field that lay between the farmhouse ^nd the -cottage, where. I had been staying. The outer door stood half ajar, and I crept in. noiselessly, The house was strangely hushed. I met no one as I made my way into my mother's room. I feel sure that she must have been suffering . much when I had last seen hex, because I remember that when I saw her sleeping so quietly I was glad she did not moan nor cover her face with her hands. No; net a tremor of anguish, not a sigh of weariness, broke the calm of her rest. The clear-cut, delicate face, framed by the golden, rippling hair, lying in half- loosened masses on the pillow, 'was strangely untroubled. Child as I was, there was something in this su preme calm that after a little filled me with a wondering awe. I had always been so nursed and caressed by those still hands and motionless lips that the continued in sensibility to my presence roused a feeling of indefinable fear. .-.::? The light of the sun came more redly through the window ; the twitter, of the birds waxed fainter; the echoing tones sounded more distant; voices and footsteps in ^n adjoining room broke the quiet that reigned in the house. Fearing that some one might come in who wOuld wish me to cle4ve* my mother's room, I clambered up on the bed and nestled. down beside her. I remember no more till I woke in the glad, light of day, and found that my mother was gone. -I never saw her again. - That first day when I found her absent I'. went from one room tp another, and being unable to find her any where, I began to cry very bitterly. I asked some one where she had gone, and was told that she went far, far away while I was sleeping, but that if I was a good girl, and didn't cry, she might come back by-and-bye.; That by-and-bye, I need hardly say, never came. Never again did my eyes re6t on my mother's face. Among her be longings there was an exquisitively painted miniature, at which, when I grew older, 1 often looked long and earnestly. But there was a curious disparity between this like ness and the vivid recollection which lived in my memory ef the face as I bad se£n it on that still summer evening. Yet that mjniature? and an unfinished letter I found in; my mother's desk, when I was about twelve-years old, I always treasured as my most-precious possessions. This letter, began:— : : ; . « My deareBt . Sister— Through all: ;rthe. ; weary days that have come and .gone since I last saw you, I have never ceased to long that I might just once more sit beside you, to rest my head on your lap, and hear the sound of your voice. My darling, I am so frightfully tired. It may be. wicked, .but I do often,: often wish I had listened to Felix's prayer, that night. . Oh, God, what have I done that I should be so heavily punished ? But I did not begin to write ifl order to bemoan myself. I am very ill- so ill that I think I must be dying. Save for my; darling Hiidegarde that would cause me aoregret.' . Here the letter ended. I did not even know my. mother's name. Ohild though^ I was when I first Tead that letter, I would have died rather than let any eyes save my own rest on it. Through it I discovered that she had suffered terrible anguish. Why I could net telL But I knew that in the' sight of God she was blameless as are his ministering angels. , The family with, which my mother had lived, and who kept ine with them for some, time after she had thus mysteriously gone away, consisted of an old man and his wife, and two middle aged daughters. They were never harsh nor positively unkind to... mei But when. they, fed and clothed me, : and left me with my little toys to amuse .myself as best I might, they felt, I suppose, that they had done for me all that could bereasonabiyexpected. . They were thrifty, bard working, people, engrossed with their own cares and duties from dawn. tuTjdark. I had no claim of kinship on them, and it probably, never entered into their minds, how terrible at first, how strange and lonely always it seemed to me, to miss the con stant companionship, the fond endearments to which jny mother had. accustomed me. I suppose J Tf&s; not what is called a 'taking child,' or I might have won a warmer place in their affection. I often heard them remark that I was a good enough little thing, but very mopish ; and I uBed to speculate in a vague way what that term meant. Was it that in the midst of my solitary play, . tying old fashioned bits of chintz round my scalpless, little one-armed doll, or turning over the leaves of my picture book, thinking of bits of the stories my mother used to tell me, thej thought would suddenly arise in my mind that she was gone a long long time, and still did notreturn, and so fall aery ing in a quiet undemonstrative way, and furtively wipe.my eyes with my little print pinafore ? I dp not know wheflier I was more sensi tive or precocious than any average child of my: age would have l-een under the;Circum stances. \ To be . little noticed, seldom spoken to,'and nearly -always alone, was such a cruel break to the happiness of my early childhood, to the wealth of love I had previously , knpwn, that it is little to be wondered at if under the change I became a sad and silent little creature. As the time; went on, no one ever men tioned my mother's name to me, or took any heed if I spoke of her. Sometimes I would timidly ask when she was coming back, but I would be told to run away and '. dress my doll, not to 'bother,' or be met with a sharper rebuff. : And thus gradually I came tacitly to understand that no one desired to speak of my mother, and at last I ceased to do so, except to the maimed littje doll of which I have already spoken. To her were confided all my fears and sorrows as to my mother's long and mys terious absence. When at last my tears would fall on the doll's face I would wipe them away and comfort her, by saying my mother would return by and bye. And then I would relate to her in grave wbis^ pers all I remembered of the childish tales I had listened to so eagerly when held close in that dear, mother's embrace. ;: When I was seven years old — that is somewhat more than two -years after I had lost my mother, Betty Jones, a relative of the people with -whom I lived, came to them on a visit from Wales. She had re cently lost an only daughter, and when she proposed to take me away with her and' keep me, no one raised any objection. The morning before I left the only .home I had ever inown, I overheard scraps of a con versation between Betty and one of the daughters of the house which I even then knew referred to myself. . ! '.' She may be claimed- at any timej' the latter said, engaged as she spoke in packing my; little possessions in onei of my mother's boxes; 'butfrointheday she wasleftwith us ; to the present time, no one has made eny enquiry about her.' ? ' Well, -? if she is claimed by those that . have a right ito her,' Betty made answer, 'I: won't try to keep her. Do you think she'llf ret about leaving you ?' ' Oh, not at all, she ain't a child to get fond of any one. I fancy shell be a good deal like her mother, and she was as distant the last .day as she was on the first she carre. But tlkat was naught to us. She paid her way and minded her own affairs.' 'f She had some means of her own then ?' , 'Oh yes, and what money was left has been enough to pay us- for any little ex pense the child was to us since. But — ' here I lost the thread of the conversation, and canght only Betty's final words. ' Well, howsoever it may be, Til try to do my duty by her,' returned Betty. And this I am sure the worthy soul did to the best of her ability. Betty's hus band was a miner, and being so much away from' home she had a good deal of spare time to devote to doing her duty by me. She was a shrewd, and, for her class in life, . an intelligent- woman j of forty-five, with a vigorous, well-knit frame, and a rather severe expression of face, which was not, however, indicative of any harshness of disposition, though she was the reverse of demonstrative, in any respect. Probably her severity of ? countenance might in part be iascribed to the rigid and very gloomy theological views that Betty cherished. ' There's a deal o' new-fangled notions about the' Bible now-a-days; some people making out nobody's to be sent to torments, eve'rlastin'. But I should just like to know why : hell was made if everybody is to be saved ?' Betty would say, when discussing what seemed to be the favorite doctrine of her belief — the extreme scarcity of the elect. It must in justice be admitted that though this view of the case might lack in charity it was not deficient in logic. Betty's home was a little cottage in the outskirts of Merthyr Tydvll. Her hus band, David Jones, was, as I have said, a miner, and as he was away at his work all day, Betty devoted a great deal of time to my instruction. 'Under her tuition. . I learned to read in a very short time, and, - ' though she took great care to avoid filling my mind with misplaced vanity, I always knew- she was -very proud of my aptness at , learning. Once 1 could read without im-. pairing my dignity as a scholar by spelling? thepbigger words, it became an institution with Betty to make me read a chapter in : the Scriptures for any of her friends who cante to see her. On such occasions a large . family Bible, with vividly-colored illustra : tions, which were the pride of Betty's heart, would be placed on the table, open' at the chapter I was to read. A solemn silence : would be maintained while I did so. i When my task was over I would note how Betty, sitting with her mending or knifing on her knee, arrayed in her dark linsey and snowy linen! cap with stiffly starched crimped borders, would glance from me to her visitor to note the effect of my jerfirmance. ; . 'sUh, yes, she reads pretty well, seeing she's not quite eight yet,'* Betty would reply to theeulogiums that would be passed on my scholastic attainments. 'fYou'll read the Bible right through, Gaijde, a chapter each day, from the first of Genesis to the last chapter of Revelations. All' Scripture iB profitable for reproof, f or ' correction, for instruction in righteousness. Likply there's them would say some of it should, be passed over. But -let them bear the i burden of their own iniquity .- I shall; not-|become an infidel in my latter years; and' if you go; astray your blood =will not be ; on iny head.' : u ;? '. :. . The similitude regarding Betty's head and; my blood used to inspire me with great awe. So did the strange and— under Betty's pronounciation-^-even terrible names that comprised my reading when I reached the ;first book of Chronicles— '? '*Shem,Arpnaxad, Shelah, ; Eber, Peleg, ileu, ?. I ?? ^erng, Jfabor3 Terah.' I used to wonder with a great amazement why people werecalled by namesthat were so hard to read. I expressed something of this to Betty once, and she after some little cogitation explained that we couldn't ex pect to have such graceless names as Tom, and! Dick, and Harry in the Scriptures ; they would make us think of worldly and godless people, whereas Arphaxad and such like made us think of the chosen people— the Jews. 'Do you think their mothers called them Arphaxad and names like that when they were babies, Betty?' I asked. *. ?? 'jWe must not pry into what is not revealed to us,' replied Betty rather severely, and I was forced to forego all further speculations on the theme. -Yet privately I took a great dislike to the 'chosen people' for bearing names that were such a weariness to the flesh to read. But for the barrenness of interest that marked my reading of Chronicles I found compensation in ?* The Pilgrim's Progress,' which was the first-book that took a strong hold of my imagination. I think Betty's favorite reading, next to the Bible, was 'Fox's Book of Martyrs.' But to this I never took kindly ; its horrors weighed too heavily on my mind. And added t6 this was the aversion generated by an associa tion far from agreeable, which came about in this wiee. Once when I was very much engrossed in reading the book by firelight I inadvertently held my head so close to the I flames that my hair (which, despite Betty's strenuous efforts to keep it smooth and'; tidy, always stood out in rebellious little curls over my forehead) caught fire. To iny excited imagination it seemed as though I were wholly enveloped in flames. The, fagots of Smithfield seemed crackling above and- around me. I shrieked in un bounded terror, and though Betty came to my? rescue before I sustained any serious damage, the conviction that I had escaped an involuntary roasting only by: the skin of my |teeth became Tooted in my mind, and withal so strongly associated with Fox's narratives that I never afterwards willingly Tead them or even listened to them. Betty was not slow to notice this. ';Garde, you seem to take ho delight in hearing how there holy men sealed their faith with torture and death. Don't you think it was a grand thing for them to perish in the flames for the truth ?' u But, Betty, their hair would smell so rasty/'Isaid, speaking with the assured confidence which springs from personal ex perience. 'Do you think they would mind that ?' asked Efetty with severe contempt. ' Thes8 holy people were glad to give their bodies to the' flames, and their limbs to %ild beasts for Ithe i sake of the Gospel.' This of itself L raised the maTtyrs far beyond the pale of my sympathies. I, who had been so terri fied-i and intensely uncomfortable at singe ing my hair, had clearly nothing in common with those holy men. But in the case of Christian it was very different. : His perils and; adventures were full of thrilling inte rest to rue. His fears, and troubles, and tertified flight from the City of Destruction, had. a distinctly hu man aspect, which led me ito follow him in all his wanderings with a most realistic feeling of companion ship;. How I held my breath at the hideous Toaiing of ApbUyon, at the strange gloom of the Valley of the Shadow of Death, and the gruesome dungeons of Giant Despair ! But the most enthralling passage of all was that 'which related how Christian, having got [over the Enchanted Ground, entered into the country of Beulah, where was beard continually the singing of birds, and whire the flowers bloomed every day, while the voice of the turtle was heard in the -land — that land, where there was no ?want of corn and wine, and where voices ?were heard uttering messages of exceeding grape and comfort, till at last the Eternal City, builded of peails and precious stones, and; paved with gold purer than that of Ophiri smote upon the eyes of Christian with such surpassing glory that straight way he fell sick of desire, and was fain to be comforted with the grapes and dainties ;that grew in the goodly vineyards and gardens of the Immortal King. 'This, the tenth stage of the Pilgrim's Progress, was always a source of great joy to me. After reading it over I would close my eyes to realise it more vividly. In the midst of the dreary monotony of squalid sights and jarring sounds that cha racterise a poor locality in London, remem .brances of the rushing streams and green valleys and steep hills of Wales which were familar to me, were curiously mixed up with visions of this land of Beulah, into which I had so often wandered with Bun van's pilgrim. ? Betty, and her husband had left Wales in consequence of an accident the latter met with, that disabled him from Mowing his occupation as a miner. It so happened that about the time David met . with this ao cident, a brother of his, who was agrocerin in a small- way: in the east end of .London, was giving up his shop to take alarger business in a country town'. -?: On learning this David at once made arrangements with his .brother to take the little shop he was giving up. And thus it came to pass that I formed Minnie's : acquaintance. :. She used to come into David's little shop, holding. Benjy by -the hand and say: — .; ' Please mother sent me for a pen'orth o' salt; and a pen'orth o' sugar and three pen'orths o' cheese and tea and a hap'orth o' blue and a red herrin and two eggs and here's ashillin' and please you're to wrap up the change well for fear o' droppin' it which Benjy might make me do he's such a worrit.' Not the ghost of a comma would break the rapidity of this message, delivered by Miniiie in a shrill staccato Mnd of voice, andean air of no small importance at the mercantile weight of the order she issued. Indeed Minrde's volubility was always a source of some awe to me. It was so on the day when my refusal to be Benjy'a mother drew on me the vials of her wrath. ' My mother aint like a hangel trapesin' up a ladder, but she's a honest woman earnin1 her living by washin' at seven-pence the dozen soap found, and I'd be ashamed if I dia'nt know more about her than you know about yours.' . '/ : With this Parthian shot Minnie turned away, and I, with hot tears of indignation in: my eyes, hastened homewards. Then all the confused surmises, the vague questionings, andiindefinite recollection? that hact soof ten filled my mind regarding my mother, re turned to me with tenfold force. Who was she? . Where had she gone ? Would she sever returr to nie ? How was it that no one had ever told me anything of her ? I scarcely waited to enter the littlesitting room behind David's shop before I cried in eager haste — 'Betty please tell me Jail about my mother.' ?'.'?.:'. Betty was sitting very quietly at her knitting -when I suddenly burst in on her with this entreaty. She looked up at me, and after the first look of surprise had passed from her face there settled on it an expression which I never forgot. I was at that time nine years of age, and I had lived so much alone witn Betty, that when any emotion moved her, I could judge of its nature quite as well by her face as her words. I can remember as well as if it were only yesterday the bewilderment and consternation with which I saw the look of severe censure that came into her face when I asked her to tell me of my mother. ' Betty, tell me -lo you know anything of my mother?' I faltered, wounded to the quick at the slight that I felt was cast on her.' ' Well, I do not know much about your mother, and nothing at all of your father,' Teplied Betty slowly ; ' but whatever may be said against your mother will not hurt you if you are a good girl and fear the Lord.' Remember that my mother as she lived in my memory was my highest ideal of all that was good and beautiful and loving, and that; through all the years which had passed since 1 last saw her lying so fair and calm, no living being had in the slightest de gree taken the place in my life that her loss left 'void; No other lips save hers had been pressed on my face in close lingering kisses ; no other firms had enfolded me in endearing caresses ; no other voice had spolien to me the fond, foolish endearments that flow so readily from a mother's tongue. No one had ever spoken of her to me, but they could not efface these ? recollections, though it had gradually led me, with the quick find reasoning instinct of childhood, to avoid what no one wished to speak of. Perhaps this very silence on what in childish fashion often filled my memory, had in part given rise to the ideally lofty conception of my mother that lived in my mind. Thus Minnie's sneers as to my knowing nothing of her had surprised al most as much as they angered me. But Betty's words simply overwhelmed me. It wasnot that for one moment I believed my mother to be aught but one of the best that ever lived. It was the injustice and wicked ness of hearing any one breathing a word against her that made me stand speechless, looking at Betty with eyes full of passionate wrath. ? ; ' There, go now and get your book and read a while, Garde,' said Betty, who had resumed her knitting, all unconscious of the storm of conflicting feelings her words had raistd. I went away and crept aside to some quiet corner, where I wept the bitterest tears 1 bad ever shed. From that hour till the Bay on which I at last knew the story of her life', I never breathed her name to man or woman. ; Chapter II. — A- New Home. ' Vicky Emmeline, how can you sit with such a preposterous stoop? I'm sure I do not know what is the. use of: my being so careful and studious of my carriage if you are to acquire such ungainly attitudes. What do you suppose chiefly marks people who iave advantages from those who have not?' ? ; 'Plate, I suppose,' returned Vicky E., placidly, going on with her reading ?without exhibiting any improvement about the shoulders. *{ I must beg of you not to catch up your father's flippancy in that way,' returned, the .young lady's mother, with rising warmth. 'If there is one thing that be trays smaliness of soul more than: an un couth deportment, it is flippancy. I do not deny that the possession of plate, when it is an heirloom from your ancestors, like the cruetstand that your Aunt Ternley has, which wa!3 brought by a Winkleton to England, either when he came over with the Conqueror or returned from the crusades, may not be reckoned as an advan tage. But in the present day, when suc cessful greengrocers, butchers, and bakers have coats of arms and crested plate manu factured to order, what distinction can these confer on their possessors? But manner and bearing, who can acquire in perfection save those who, so to say, are born in the purple ? ' It is not her beauty alone that is so enslaving ; it is her incomparable manner and deportment,' was a remark universally made regarding me on my first appearance in society ; and it would be in deed strange if my only daughter should fall short in these respects.' Mrs. Minkton glanced at her daughter's still' unaltered posture, and gave a semi despairing sigh. It was one of the inscrutable decrees of Providence that no uninstructed intellect could guess by Vicky Emmeline's appearance that her mother had been noted alike for elegance and beauty. That such had been the case was the never ceasing legend which seemed to be Mrs. Minkton's sole earthly mission to proclaim in the ears of an unbelieving generation. This legend, like many others, had in all pi olability taken root in an extremely deli cate substratum of truth. The accumula tions of oial traditions are notoriously out of keeping with their first nebulous appear ance on the horizon of history. Probably the discrepancy between Mrs. Minkton as she figured in her own narratives and as she appeared in the eyes of her contempo raries was equally marked. But of this she was, I believe, to a great extent obli vious. She belonged to that class of people ; whose shiftiness of mind is so engrained that for them the boundary line between truth and falsehood can scarcely be said to exiit, so that if they suppose a thing-, say it, or dream it, it seems in their estimation the same as for the thing to have been. To hear Mrs. Minkton pouring forth the tales of her early conquests, of the men who were hopelessly smitten by her charms, who wrote sonnets to her eyebrows, and worshipped Hie ground on which she trod — nay, who almost, if not quite, died for her — would convince the most sceptical that she herself was more deluded into be lieving what she said than any one else was likely to be. I believe if the photo graph of herself which filled Mrs. Mink ton's mental vision could have been fully evolved it would turn out to be a facsimile of those princesses of ancient song and fable who sat surrounded by the pomp of an oriental court, witnessing prince, pala din, and. knight hurrying to destruction in attempting to achieve some impassible feat in order to win her hand. ' It must be quite true that the world grows- more unromantic every decade that passes over it,' Vicky would say after one of these interminable stories of her mother's early days. 'You see here I am, arrived at the age of twenty-five, andlike the angels in heaven, I am neither married nor given in marriage. And the only man as far as I can see who would not grudge losing his dinner for my sake, or holding an umbrella over me in the wet, is Dick Conyers. Now Garde, supposing you were me, would you marry Dick ?' 'No, I don't think I would,' I replied, after a pause of careful deliberation. 'And why not, pray ?' asked Vicky sharply. 'Because his hair is grey, and I think — I am not sure, but he squints a little,' I said timidly. 'Tour first objection, my child, is utterly frivolous. When you are old enough to ot serve for yourself, you will find that all tie great work of the world is done by men who have grey hair. You see, if a man [has energy and ability, and an idea or two not stolen from another man living or dead, it is quite necessary that he should either be bordering on middle age or come from a far- off country like the Prodigal Son, before his fellow-creatures will regard him as anything but an original kind of lunatic. And regarding the — the squint — there you hurt my feelings very much- Garde. Dick doesn't squint at all. It is only a severe kind of expression he has got through being a critic.' '?Really,' I said, not quite sure that I fully comprehended how this would induce a suspicion of obliquity of vision, and fearful of again wouuding Vicky's feelings. 'Yes; the office of a critic, generally speaking, is to prove to people that if they admire anything very much they ought to be heartily ashamed of themselves. Now, you know if a man goes on at that kind of thing for a good many years it is inevitable that a severe expression should become habitual to hirr-. It is this which you have mistaken for a squint. Mind you never let Dick Irnow that you cast such an impu tation on his eyes, or when you make your debut as a star in the musical world he will tear you limb from limb.' ' I shall never be a star in the musical world, tut if I were I don't believe Dick Conyers would write unjustly about me to gratify a personal pique,' I answered. ' What ! you think he is above that sort of thing?' 'Yee.' 'Garde, tell me what makes you form such decided opinions of your own about people ? When I meet men and women I often fancy at first that I am very clever at understanding them, and analysing their motives, and all that sort of thing. But after some time they contradict the esti mate I have formed of them so utterly that lean hardly fce said to have a definite opinion about them at all. So that if one asked me what I thought of them I should just be obliged to say, 'Wait till I see what they do to-morrow.' ' 'But you see I do not theorise about people at all; only when I have seen them once or twice I seem as if I must decide in my own mind whether I could trust them or not.' ' Now will you just explain to me what you mean by trusting people ?' I did not at once reply to Vicky's ques tion. I found it difficult to express what the word 'trusting' conveyed to my mind. ' I think what I mean by trusting,' I answered at last, 'is to feel sure tbat one would not^blame you for anything, simply because all the world did.' ' ' Simply because all the world did.' Well, really. Garde, that's a pretty com prehensive idea of trusting. And you really mean to say you would trust Dick Ccnyers in that way ?' 'Yes; I think so.' . ' Then you have quite made amends for your former speech. But, Garde, tell me why you always say that you will not be a gieat singer ? You know all good judges who have heard you sing are of opinion that you will carry everything before you when you make your appearance in public. Even Signor Maccaroni, the most frantic tempered old Pagan out of Bedlam, waxed quite enthusiastic when you sang that cavatina out of ' Puritani,' ' Son vergin vezzosa,' at your last lesson,' 'Yes, I can sing well enough at my lesson, but I am certain I never could before a crowd of people. The very thought of it makes me feel as if I were going to be guillotined.' ' Oh, but people often think that before they try ! You remember that deafening Madame Eichter who used to howl up to C in altissimo ' ' Ohj Vicky, not quite !' 'Yes, quite; and occasionally a little higher. In fact, she quite destroyed my belief in the resurrection; for Tm sure her high notes would Jiaye heen taken for the trump, of doom, if it were possible to.waken the dead. Well, she csaid the first time she essayed. to sing in publisher tongue seemed to cleave to. the roof of her mouth. But It happened tto be a scene in some opera/ where Jthe -pause and her oexpre3sion of terror- were taken for aimastsrly stroke of -? acting,! and before; the audience were unde ceived flhe recovered her self-possession. So I'jeuppose it. will be something the same way with you.'; ?'. *? No, Vicky, it;cannot, 'because feeling ao i certain that I would fail utterly, I will not ' try to «ing in public,' I replied. ???,.?- - . ' But, : mon Dieu, this is utter folly' ; : my father would go distracted if he thought you could not overcome this feeling. But you will be reasonable, like a good child, and make up your mind to conquer your fears.'. '-1 ' Vicliy spoke with such unusual earnest-1 ness, aud so much evident anxiety, that 1/ began to be mystified. : . ' ' Bat why should it be a matter of such deep concern?'' I asked. - - - '?Gaide, I must say you are a little' exasperating at times. In some thingsyjju. have the depth and shrewdness of Mephis topheles,and in other matters you are like a' - farm yard goose. Why, do you suppose my ? father has spent so much ^on your musical education for the last four years,' and for - the last three months engaged Maccaroni, who sings like an archangel and' swears like a fiend, to instruct you at four guineas alessdn?' . :.. . ' But why, then, does he spend -so much money on me ?' 1 said wilii some conster nation.: , ; -I'-.- ?:'?? ?-'??? u Why? Just /for the reason that if you are ordinarily sensible it will pay him un commonly well, that; is all — andifyou:are- not — but Jhat would be,too terrible to con-^ template^ I dare-say.my father has a iheavy ? mortgage on your voice inow.^ : ? ; ; - I was -Neither startled- nor- astonished \a&' this conjecture on.Vicky&fpart.; I hadiiot : been aninmatearf Mx. Minktan's household for five years without knowing that he re garded ihe world as having been created in older that men who havelJieii wits about them should makeia _high: per centage out of their fellow-creatures. There «re many people in the world to whom the universe ' would have no meaning', and existence but little charm, unless the conditions of t;iviIi-; zation were such, that if a man succeeds well in cheating his neighbors, they will render homage to him that is at t)nce pro found and iouching. .-'?? '? i : ?. ,'r ; 'He is like Demas, who was fond3 3^ this world's goods, ithat I know ; and he is neither Mth nor jfcm of youra.. But,' Garde, - I have mo hold on jau in the eyes fcf the ? law, and now that he comes and shows' he has a right to you somehow, and that a sum of money has: been placed in his hands to bring you up, why-you must^ustgo with him.' : '??-?'- This was Betty's speech to me when Mr. Minkton first claimed me. . He had written to the people with whom I hai lived when I lost my mother, and from them he had found out ?where I lived. I never clearly knew how it came about that he sought me out and had a right to claim, me. ' But I do know that the fact of his doing so proves it paid him. . '. ' I am sorry your father has expended So much money on me if it was with, the design of my becoming a public singer,'1 1 said, in answer to Vicky's candid conjec ture as to her father's object in having my voice so highly trained. - ? ? a My dear, I think you ought to know my father well enough by tbis'tim© to be aware that he is not in the habit of cbh-: suiting people as to his designs; ' And, in deed, fiarde, to be honest; I believe that I was the. first tosuggest to him the idea of vour becoming a singer.' : ? ! ? : ? ' ' «Ht-w*o?' ? -,. \\.-r\ ?-?- : .; ''Well; you remember ;when Madame Richter began to- give me singing lessons - she beard' you one rday Warbling some* little ditty, and forming an accompaniment -for ; yourself on that-crazy old piano We'u&ed;'tb hava in :ifoe backr sitting-Taatii'' when -we lived at Bayswater. ? Madame stopped in the middle of an eloquent harangue Ishe was making to -me on my evil courses in not practising sufficiently^ and said, 'lAxsh.-.5 Gott ! who sings this with so much geist i and native talents : rtdld her you were'a; ward of -my father's, that I-had taught yoi all the^ music yousknew, -that --you; had. a wonderfully quick ear, and would5 siog any ? simple; melody quite; correctly after ; once ' hearing it. Madame was much interested.' You remember 'W called you inj1 :arid : ydii sang foisiier.*' -: *'?- '-????'? - ?'??:'-- r'^ ' YesVlirememberit very' well. I wais so much 'pleased when Madame said she would- give me -lessons 3n;:6ihgingj and I could pay her bV- and-bye when I was a ; littleolder.' - ---j . ' Wsll, af teryon' went out of ? the room ? Madame asked mehbw- old you were.: I told her- you wererthirfeen. Then «he' said1 * If that girl's voice developes as itpromises ? to do sne will be a second Jenny JLind.'. f I told papa that night what had passed; -.but he did not seem to take much notice. At - last I said * Madame is such: an old screw . for making money I don't believe she would offer to teach Garde for nothing unless1 she thought she could get handsomely paid by and-bye.' That seemed to rouse papa up. The next evening when he came home from the city he brought some greasy-coatel Italian .Count with him — an operatic agenfr I believe — and when he heard you sing he made certain prophecies regarding you' that: were quite as coleurde rose as Madame's.' . ' But I don't remember singing, ior him at all,' I returned, vainly endeavoring to recall the circumstance. ; ?;?: ?- -i -.'?. ' Oh, no, you did not knew that he was listening to you. .; Although the Count -was extremely economical in the matterof soap, he was well up to Jiis business. He. wanted; to heaTtyou sing' without any - faltering . or ; embarraesment. -..So he; sat with his long' bbick-lDcksandhooked;nose,;lo6kinglike ft . bird of prey inacornenof the back sitting--,' room, wfailel played your accompaniments, and got you to sing your favorite fionga in the drawing-room, with the. door ; of tsoinr. munication between .the two rooms ajar.' . 1 ' Ajna you never told me a word of this imnowf¥icky.' . . ,- 'No/xaylchild; I am not one of those supremely amiable girls,, who are never happyjsave when they are pouring out artr less confidences tor some bosom friends; and, besides,, my father thought frpmthe ; first it was better for you to go -on. with your study of music without distracting your mind ^with ;; : visions;, of fame -, and ; triumphf ; .: ; ' :: , ??.-..-? ,???;? ' But you seeiaftejrallat would Ije.better if I had known before. When he would find that I could .not become a singer -he^would - not spend so much money on me ???^ '' ' ; 'r *' Garde, you Teally make me realise why- z men indukje in swearing occasionally. You speak as if -your silly fears and scruplea were quite to settle the questioni ; Pray what do you propose to do if you oibsti nately set .your, face against -my -father's7 plans? . Perhaps you are not aware that the allowance, my: father used id refesive'j for — for — what's the use of -bekig- so squeamish ?— for keeping you, ceased more ' than six months ago. r '- --1; I felt my face crimsoning and my heart* beating fiercely. ??. But I had been -;6atly schooled to Tepr-ess these 'dangerous guides the feelings/' so I betrayed no emotion: be- J yond speaking in rather a tow. tone -as I answered — i: ^'Iam.fedrry -for'that^-r wist !- head 'known it; before.'; . ; : i ?.'..h ' -. ? ?;.. '?'.)? ; ; wAnd!af,ryouiad, what would you have done?'a ?::-. -,-??.. i. -.?.???-: ?'.-.?;? : ax,: ' ?? '',-? ?-- :.:* *' I would haro earned my own livings as: I intend iodoiat once, by. teaching singing.' - Vicky gavft.a-low, prolonged'-whistle. -;' W'ell,4hat.«s a brilliant prospect. '? How ' many thousand people do you suppose eke : out a'tandr'to-niouth' existence in London by that game?'. ;r: \\. 'But, then, my Tdice and training^-^-'' 'Yojiir. voice! 'Who's to know about your voiced. If ybudo attempt to earn a livelihood by giving lessons in. singing you will soon find that you will have to begin: at the lowest round of the ladder.' .. ? ** Well, I suppose ©very one that enters upon a profession must have a struggle andiwork hasiat^rat.' ' Enters Mfon a profession ! Do ; you '. dignify teaching brafel who squeal in a way that would make a cat's^€ur stand on end with terrpy,: for & guinea a quarter, by such i s a phraseP' . . . .. : ??'??: To this jLmade no reply. IknewVicky's - knowledge in this, as in most other matters, far exeeedgdimine:..: : 1 . - J- ?' :i : ' Now, if it were I that had to earn: ,my living in thatway,'--went -on Vickey, af tsr. a pause, 'it /would-,- be ,a .totally different!: thing. I, have just; that commonplace,-, practical kind ( of ieeling for . music : wMch. : would prevent me from, going , into either rapture. or despair over it. 1 could -listen to .' La ci Dar§m' as a. presto, or. 'Rsissiger's; Waltz ' as a sentimental andante, with: pro- ? found equanimity. But you, who /are an intolerant ianatic, who love Tniusi^ more than you do anything . else in the world-— ^.?.^i---'-..! ;.?:. -?..- ?' ?'.--; r:'^ ; ... Vicky threw, 'up.her hands with -a gesture ? of -, despair, and, relapsing into silence, left me to my own,reflections- which, to tellihe; truth, were not of a, yery inspJTiting jcaat; : ~ . From my childhood I was aa inveterate, dreamer^ Whether it was temperament, or: the fact of having been at so tender an age deprived of ,.the . sympathy ,f,nd ]clp3B7. companionship of a devoted, mother, that Jed me tp live so much in my own thoughts, I do not' know* Probably, it may have been, both causes combined! In my childish : days the scenes of the *'? Pilgrim's Progress' were so vividly impressed on my mind that, they seemed to be in some strange way . mixed up with reality. And thus it was , always. The regions of the imagination — ? those 'realms _ so close to us and yet eter nally so far removed from, the tread of human feet andthe sound of mortal voices — Tvere to me almost more i; keenly realised,; than the actual everyday life around me.r Thus my mother seemed with me :mpre constantly tTian, any of the rpeopie who were daily near me.... iShe -was always beautiful with the calm ?eppse in,,which I had last; seen heir. 5he '. was , tilways unchangeably ipviDg and patient. . '/'Whatever I read or thought she: was in rsome way. mixed up with it. \ Wihen I read of ^men. and wamea who wonmy rigverencgand adniiration ^hey ? were hpncefprih,inyi..^aily companions. I, journeyed l^jih^^em'jtp far. and strange; lands,;|nfiieirf company I ^et captives free,^ rescued pprishing multitudes bv s timely . succor frpm hu^er, pt^plague, ,or war/ ^ ; : : ;The. first -thi'flg .ithat.weakened this;mor-L bid activity of /imagination nwas; my, -study o£ music. . Anid,;this' henceforth became a ?? passion . , and .a: delight., . . Jt, iecame . I±he I sanctuary, into ; which; Iccould retire from ???, the loneliness ;-?f ; my;life,i frOm the Jieart^: : hunger f,ih.e rcraving;|or theantimate'rela-. tionships : of .f amily; lif e that, were : w^holly . . denied to.me. . ? 1 dolibt if ? any other pursuit could have stood me in the same stead.. Nor is this difficult- to .bBracoounted-^or. i Emotion, not.- thought,; is the^spheie. of; music.-, Weraja- are^but;lame;and; falter-^ i ;ing interpreters ml -thef ?'realm: ..of -em9r tion. , Where alls words endr4where they,. :are triylalji and ?,ppor?iJand ,:comm6n-i plaee^rlhere ..; music, begins; :where 4hey can but vaguely.1 suggest, ; there;, it; realises,; ,it ri reveals ;usi i to ,. ourselves v = it utters what must eke remain uputtered - and unutterable. Henceitsineffable power over the human mind. , To. it we turn from a world . of eluding forms,' oppressive' sub stances, and unfulfilled. yela*nings, and find .a yagueyetiapturous expression ofifch-e soiu's1 life which cak fcfoubd nro#h^re else. ' ? f^dmg'i^;Md';muc^'more^ih'.'inusicf' I',. had beerihajjpy and contented in. its study. 'Vicky used occasionally to throw out, vague hints as to the triumphs I would achieve, when I would take the world by storm with my wonderful voice. However as Vicky was ,-a good deal in the habit of amusing herself- : by saying much that it behoved Tib' one tpv' notice.. seriously,, I had not paid muchlai?/ tention to these chance utterances. r.Eiut now I knewfall'. Much ' money had; been, expended on; the cattiyatibn of ' my .voice, because it was, a gbod. commercial 'invest- , ment. I was a .penniless dependent, arid was, expected before all things ,^o'r)eap,' a golden harvest, to make a han«3^ome,return for the trouble and expense 'bestowed on . me. In the midst of my thoughts 'on this nriwelconie 'awakening to fact, $$i. Minkton 'came home.' J. ' . . ; - Chapxeb J_li.^— My. Pebtjt, : ? *' Well, papa, y qb are home earlier. -than usual -this .afteriiopn,' said Ticky, as hex father entejred the Tooin ija ^wh^eh, we both, still; sat. ? He was a *all, powerfully-buUt . man, with, dark; prominent .eyes, a Roman ( 'nose, and a heavy .resolute, mouth, ? which, though partially ^concealed -by a ?moustache,- seemedto.givje-aftonejto the whole face, . ; ; 'YesjVrthero ^are pne or. two friends ; coming ito ..dinner! this evening, rand I wanted f to, have ..a little ;talk with you, ; Garde,,before: they come.',,, ', : I could not have spoken to save; gay ;ljfe. '? A sudden panic seized me,,.; I kn^wfthat X ? ?never could sing in public 4 , 'tiit just . then I felt that it was' useless' to say 'this 'to the :i I man who looked at me with the 9.uiei. confidence of ??. mastery, - with which one , regaxds a possession he has bought and paid for.! At that moment Vicky unexpectedly citae to my -rescue. - 1- ? . -: -'??? r l; -? t -' Papay -?- I ? .haye jusA - been', j talking ? to ' Klarde about biBCijmin^a'profesaional singer. ' She feels that -she' could not- sing before a -*owd of peogle^that she 'would rather - drudge away giving lessons in- singing.. 'She 4s quite resolved.' - - ..'??;.. ;: ? ;).';}'That is 'rather unfortunate^ seeing I have just made arrangements forher«fe'6M£,w ; returned Mr. Minkton, looking at- his -daughter-withianjekpressipn of displeasure, though' he; betrayed none in his manner of talking.; ' And-undet very ^advahtageous ^circumstances- too,' he said^ turning- to me. ?' ¥ou are to sing a^solo ofPthe24th ofiiext month at the GryBtai Palace.' SignOr Marco i^ill- tellyou all- particulars.- It is. only, of course, imider the auspices 'Of ian ?artistelikeiJtiB Signor that you Would make ' 'your debut along with such singers^1 Grisi and Santley.^' ; ; : - '. 1 Alii, the- time that Mr. : Minkton was speaking to me he looked hard into- my ? face, and at every 'word he uttered it, seemed to bejeomfe more impossible for me . to vindicate my. right to act for myself. It .'?. was not so much that 1 was afraid of him ? as the. fact of,kiiowing that I was now a . dependent. ? on ;; his . bolmty, penniless and friendless, which cowed me. This, and .the knowledge that the man who spoke to -me and looked at me with such rigid calr ' culation in his eyes, would exact the debt I owed him tp the uttermost farthing. ???'*eT do not think I can ever sing in public,' I faltered. ?? -: . : ;,. 'Well, you know there, is an old saying . that those who, are Ldefieient'jof: means must . not be choosers. I did not care to speak of . the matter before this, but I suppose it is ;now necessary to tell you' that the arrange 'ment by which -I was bound to give you a home and provide for you came to an end -when you were Eeventeen — that is Dearly . six mouths ago.' ; ; . 'I ata quite willing to earn my; own living. lam sorry you did not tell me how unatters stood before.' ' . ? : - , ? j: ^'There; is nothing to regret in that. I iriew. you were a sensible girl, ani. would . see that the only course open to. you was to make the best possible use of :your rare lalents as a singer. And now.vthat your musical .education is, in Signor Marco!s opinion, advanced enough for you to make, your debut,, I feel assured that under j existing circumstances you will see the. -necessity of overcoming any. foolish fears you might have in the matter.' . ._..-? Mr. Minkton turned away, and -iunfoided an evening paper he had brought home,. with him, as if the matter were finally ?settled. -v f- For heaven's sake don't wear such an .- exasperating Iphigenia kind of , look, Garde,' said. Vickyj following: me as I left the ?Toom with a confused feeling that I was in -some way about to lose myjow3i; identity. And the more I tried to. realise that it might be possible for me to. become a public singer, the more this feeling. ;grew: on me. The; bitter thought that I was an unwel come dependent on Mr. Minkton's charity urged me to fall in with his plans, but never once did 1 lose the conviction that in ,the glare of the footlights all power of expres sion; would be utterly denied .to me. I used to He awake through the weary watches of the night, and picture the ordeal through which I must pass, till it became a Mhd of waking nightmare with me. There would be anawful hush, a sea of faces, cold, indifferent, and critical, all directed towards me,; and I— I would stand there so far remote from my former self, so' completely cvt ioff.frommy ,own proper ego, that f all power of utterance and action would be im possible to me. ... ; , Ajgain and again, . as the: time for my ?,debut drew near, I spoke of this cpnviction rwhiph had so. indelibly :imprinted itself on my Simd to, my master, Signor Marco, who \- wpiild try to. reassure me by. saying—? ' Such fears as these : aTe not uncommon . iwith. young debutantes, but you must van quish 'them as best you .may- Try ;=and think of your audience as little as possible. Ypu are not nervous at rehearsal, why then :shoiudybu think that ypuwillbreak down , so utterly in public?' ; ; ' [.' ', '..'.] '??' ; ? ?' iSignof, I do not. think it, I know, it,' I :*nsyered with the calmness of despair^ ? ?? -(' ph, but that is'folly,; my chill. '? IwiU ^tell iyou how it .will be withypu. .^iThen, syoujfinlii yourself in the blaze of light ; before a thousand faces, for the first moment, or ? so' you. will. seem, to lose yourself ;.t|iere /will; cpme.a singing7|n your ears, and . all, ?will look far away and uncertain, likg a dis-:; , -solving vipw .that-may '^at. any moment dis-r ? appear fropi s^ghtV .Then suddenly it will' ?comje upon you .likp an inspiration that you must not make^a fool of VouTs'elf j your 'Voicjeand couragia.T^ ret^n to ^ou; ypu 1 will forget all, save what you'have to sing; andiwheiiypu cease there will be a thunder y of applause and a shower of bpuquet3, for you1 h^veeveiythipg in your favor. You .are i gifted ,far a,bpve the average ..rim of singers; ypu- af^ joxiag, and^-neec! I tell ,youi— you ^i*e also beautiful:' ; ; ^'lOh, Signor !' was all I could say in my astonisliment at actually hearing Signor Marco utter a complimentary speech. ' ; ;'iTo, see the Ethiopian change his skin, and the leopard his spots, would be nothing , s af tek* hearing Maccaroni's speech to-day,' jsaid Vicky, who had been standing by. when the Signor thus endeavored to inspire, me jwith courage. But nothing served to' .remove the belief which had fastened itself on my mind; as to the: utter; failure that would result from my attempting to sing in public. , ':''... r^', *' Surely you are beginning to feel more confidence, in yourself now, Garde; it is .'only thrpe days from this till the Crystal palace concert, at which you sing, comes off' '?? -1 ... ?..-.. .. ' ' ? -?: . :J was sitting meditating on the fact in silent dismay, when Vicky spoke; '. . I . looked . up to answer her j b\it^ instead of speaking, I. burst into tears. It was very .'rarely I ciiefl,aiid!yicky, 'startled at .such unusual emotion, came quic,kly to my sidej.put her .arms round ine, and drew my head on her shoulder. During, the six years we. had. , lived together she had never^ before .this' 'kissed, caressed, or petted' me:in any way.' : 'Iippk here, Garde,' she saidjjspeaMng in a lower and graver tone than was her woiifc, f'if you really feel sollike a lamb behig led .to slaughter I won't let iny father bully -youintp singing— -not if you got a hundred. guineas a .nigh^. . I suppose' you think' I am' a, hard-hearted .'viper of a girl, wiwiput.a -spark of , sympathy ; but the fact is,rI ; thought it was better to seem indiff erent to 'what you felt-about this,' so jthat you migUt ; overcome your aversion 'to smging.1 But I really begin Jtp believe you can't. Whien ever my ^father comes home- — -.' ? \- ' No 'Vicky, say Nothing1 to 1iim. He1 .would never believe I couldn't sing if' I ? tried: -The only thing-I can do is io make the attempt ; then when I fail, as I- know I shall, he will be content to let me earn my liviiig asJjest I may.' : f ' Wel^ really, after all, I think yon may find that you are frightening yourself with out cause. You know a little while ago, When you were singing that sombre ''Spirit Song' of Haydn's with so'much^dwer and ; expression, I could ' not help thinking it! would be an immense pity that your nerves, or temperament/ or whatever it' is ?that gives you such a horror of singing in public, should prevent you from taking the ^iank as an artiste in the musical world which your gifts ^entitle you -to.' ^^WeU,:Iw51i;iry,! and that is all I.can do,' I1 replied ?'wiwa: sinking of ' the hjsart .that no amount^of. reassuring or hopeful encouragement seemed able to lessen. 'Thaj^iiiffht l^oupd it impossible to sleep. I tpssedfrbmside to side in: wakeful misery, ongiagto see Hfche first glinunerinsr of dawn break the gloom of the night. At last I i3se, -took a^b'Sbk, and sat down by my toilet table'; to read- with only a loose dress ? ing-gown' thrbwil ^ round me. T did not Te&d; long before the weatiness of my long vigfls -overcame me, ajid I dropped off to sleep, my head resting on the book I had -been reading. It was after six o'clock in the morning when I woke iip with a numb stiffness in every limb, my head .hot anid throbbing; my feet icy cold, and' a sharp \- pricking painin my throat. I had - caught s a violent cold. -I shall never forget ' the thrill of gratitude with which I heard the doctor, when sent for to -prescribe for me, declare in answer to Vicky's enquiries^ that' I could not uiider any circumstances ^leave my room for a week to come. ' ' ' 'I never before saw a patient withsuch a ' praise-the-Lord'sortof expression: 'Only that you are as hoarse as the raven who croaked ?' Nevermore ' so repeatedly, I ; think I would have great doubts as to your visitation,' said Vicky, who installed her self my constant attendant. Mrs.J Minkton used to come in now arid then in a helpless deprecating way, which seemed toL imply ?that no blame was to be attached to her for my inopportune, illness, though Mr. Mink -ton, in his extreme irritation, was inclined to make everybody feel like an atrocious 'criminal. : ' 'Every time papa's eyes fall on me,' \- Vicky said, explaining this to me, ' I assure you I feel as if I had betrayed the State to Tuin and poisoned six innocent babes. But I am supported by the thought that you— the real off erider-^af e safe from a' look of reproach. After' all, ;b9ihg ill is a iiaoit ?baneficent institution at times.1 If you were : a Turk,' Jew, or infidel, Garde, I am. sure this ainiction would convert' you into a Christian, with a most specific belief in a; special Providence/' : ' Vicky's spirits never flagged ^.s -she1 ministeTed tome, and when her ministra tions were for the nonce at an £end she would sit by iny bedside land talk or read to me till, as she -used to say, she really felt that she was ' getting too good to be left long in a world such as this.' . .?'f:I am not -quite clear about that, Vicky,' I replied 9 *-but I; am afraid you are making my sick-room a little too :pleasant.' .- ?' Oh, very well ; to-morrOw I shall buy a book of sennons and a dozen tracts. By the time I have read them to you you will bs in such a state, of settled gloom that the ordinary trials of life will seem by compa rison like airy jokes.' .' But mine are; not ordinary trials,' I replied, dolefully, as for the hundredth time I began to contemplate the future -which lay before me. For I knew well that Vicky's outlines bf -the ' trials ? that awaited me as a teacher of singing were -not overdrawn. I felt instinctively that . my intense love of music would be a serious ; drawback to me in seeking to earn & live lihood by teaching the elements of it to : uncomprehending, and undeveloped intel lects. ??;;??? ... . : ?: ' Looked at from evjery point of view, it would be infinitely better if- it were possible for you to overcome your morbid terror of singing in public,' Vicky. said in one of her: .gravest moods as we discussed the matter , when I had attained the first stage of con- ?? \ valescence-^to ? wit, ?: to ' sitr in one's room beside a little table, on which /stands a ^novel with -the leaves partly cut;, and .'&?? . chicken.with its bones partly picked: .-.,-. ?? .' Yes, but when that is' impossible we ?_ must leave -it out of '.our Teckoning,' I ' answered^ .- ? ? -l^ ??-:??- -X ??? .'But that is the provoking part of. it. : Why: shouhiit~be. impossible? ?: Youjcah sing without a tremor before' me. Now: the average public, I; take -ifcj is juBt 'me multiplied by an indefinitely increasing; number, I like, to be comfortable; Xsee a divine propriety *:in wearing a pretty b-innet whenx ean -get.it;. Iamquite^ready tp be a little religious, a.vlittle benevolent, . in: short, a little of everything that .is correct all round, but I do dislike being called upon for any excess of emotion, and the amount of enthusiasm involved in applauding a charming young finger is the kind of excite ment I consider it safe to, tolerate, in order to lessen a little the general ditchiness of life. At present you do this by keeping me in a state of anxiety about your beef tea.' I was in the second stage iof convalescence, that is, privileged to go about in-the house, though, not yet outside, when I satr down one afternoon to sing for the first time since I had been, an invalid., It was a relief to forget, my own small cares and miseries in the well-loved familiar strains which were to me like a prayer; that is murmured to ease ah ; overburdened mind. I had finished singing Schubert's '.'Marguerite. Spinning' when I looked up to find that Mr. Minkton had entered, the room in company with a middle-aged gentleman whom I had never seen before. This was the first, time I had met Mr. Minkton since my illness. He came forward without any displeasure apparent. in his manner, and expressed his satisfaction* that I was so far. recovered as to sing with my accustomed brilliancy. . 'I suppose,' he added, ' had you known that we were present we wiould have been debarred the pleasure.' ; ' Oh,;jio ] the presence of a few people when singing, at home like this would not ^unnerve me,' I answered. ' . 'And there is really no reason why any riimlber of people should; unnerve you,' said 7 tliei stranger) bowing -deferentially as Mr. Minkton introduced him to me by the name of Mf;Templeton.' '?' : ????-'; Do you hear that, Garde?' said, the ''.former,1 'Mr. Teinpleton has heard ^all the singers of note in Europe, so his opinion is ribt'that of an ordinary amateur* ) I wasa little. disconcerted by the steadyy . Questioning gaze^with which Mr. ' Temple^ ton regarded me; ;'\ -; . / ' ^You-'we're singing one of Schubert's songs, I think, when; We came in ?' he said. ' Would it be taxing you too much to ask you to sing it again ?' - Icompb-ed-withthis'T.equest, but I was ? conscious - that my voice faltered a little towards the end. Still my hearers'' expres- sions of admiration were warm and un qualified. ?'? . ? ' Schubert is nbwhere'sp great as in the act of rendering some '.sudden phase of ;passidn-'; said Mr. ;Templeton- taking np the song I had been singing, and glancing through' it; ' A '- song ; ; like this and \- ' Mignon '^reminds one of .those miracles of ?photography, where the cloud is caught in actual motion — the wave upon the very curl. I have often heard this before, but' never as you- have rendered it; May I ask how it is that 3 ou fear so much to come ' before the public ?' lf I do not think I can explain it beyond saying that f feel it is impossible for me,' I said, speaking rather hurriedly, because of the fear which was growing on me lest this stranger should: be some one who, in conjunction with Mr. Minkton, wished to again renew the wretchedness through which I had previously passed. 'But that is 'quite explanation enough,' he said with a smile, as if to reassure me that my fears were misplaced. But Mr. Templeton's smile seemed to me to be much less reassuring than moat men's frowns. I suppose he was what is ordinarily reckoned as a handsome man, though now past ? the prime of life. But, notwithstanding his commanding ^presence and well-moulded features/ there was a something in his face that repelled me, though I could; not fully define what it was-: beyond knowing that his eyes had a remarkably cold and hard expression. They never seemed to smile. 1 ' ' After that first evening he became a con stant visitor at Mr. Mankton's house. I : often heard the latter refer to him as a gentleman of immense wealth, with a coal mine in Wales, landed property in England and Scotland, and a magnificent town residence. ;.-.?' u He is, in fact, quite a millionaire,' said Mr. Minkton, uttering the latter word in the tone with which devout people speak of the Deity. . It wsas barely a month from the afternoon on which I had .first seen Mr. Templeton that Vicky came into my room one night while I was busily writing, her face flushed and her manner unusually nervous, -' 'What are you doing, Garde? 'she said, sitting opposite to me and looking at me with a seriousness of aspect that a little puzzled me. . ... . ?* ? *? I am writing a letter to Madame Richter,' I answered. ' You know before 'she went to Belgium she made me; promise that if at any time she could help me in any way I was. to be sure to write to her.' . . ' Well, and how do you think she can help you now ? ' ? .'. 'She had such a good: connection as a teacher of singing she will probably, be able to recommend me.' ' Oh, Garde, you do not need any one's help; you have made your debut with the most splendid success. The kingdom of this world and the wealth thereof are laid at your feet.' I looked at Vicky in amazement, wonder ing if she had taken leave of her senses. . *f Can you not guess how it is, Garde ? Francis Templeton, the. millionaire, is going to ask you to be his wife.' ? Chapter IV.—' Who is that Wouan WITH THE DlAMONPS?' I was one of some hundred so-called guests struggling up a crowded staircase by my husband's side when this question fell upon my ears. As ,1 stood that night in the solitude of my own room and looked at the fabulously costly ; jewels that gleamed in myiair and: round my throat and arms, I repeated the words half bitterly, ' Who is that woman with the. diamonds ?' Was it that! resented being pointed out as one whose most noteworthy characteristic \- -was the possession of priceless baubles ? No ; it was because those casual, careless words seemed to sum up all that I knew- of my self. I was the woman with ;the diamonds. Injthelife of every mortal living there is some central fact to which all lesser cir cumstances of existence are secondary. That was the central fact of my life. . 7 Mine, as youknow^was a loveless mar riage. I married Francis Templeton, the millionaire, because I was a penniless de . pendant on the bounty of . a- man to whose protection ??: I: had: neither the claim that comes by kindred nor by affection — a man whose avaricious plans of turning my voice into a source of splendid profit I had-cruelly foiled. In the estimation of many it. would, I know, appear more womanly- and' noble that I should earn a living and a name for myself by the exercise of the talents I possessed, than thus to become a wife be cause of the material advantages I thereby ' secured for myself. But the one course I ' could not pursue — the other was my fate. And, externally, it was not a bad one. It was full of the good gifts that men in all ages agree to regard as those most to be desired. I had health, youth, boundless wealth, and there were troops of. people who called themselves my friends. How . far they merited the name I never was in a position to test. And I do not in the least desire to judge any 01 them by the Damon and Pythias standard. Of friendship above all -other things it is eternally true that we receive but what we give. For how many of :the people with whom I came in social contact would I have sttcrificed my own ease, my pleasure, or vanity, not to speak ( f . such a serious ,thing as life itself ? And' yet was life so priceless a blessing to me that I never wearied of it? never opened my eyes, on the glad light of anew day only to wish that it were night; nor com muned with my own soul in the still watches of the night to take up the cry of the Hebrew king of old. Alas, how often in. the midst of my cloudless prosperity and. luxurious ease the passionate hearts hunger of the lonely child who had been left a little waif and stray to_ the tender mercies of ..the world would seize Upon me with irresistible force! At times, all that was 'most enviable in my lot seemed but the price paid for lifelong captivity. But this is not what I desire to dwell on. I have come to that part of. my story which seems the hardest to tell. Sometimes we feel that it is bf the grace of God ^ we can relieve our overburdened minds by pouring out our sorrows to those who listen with' tender compassion. We tell our tale brokenly — -tell it perhaps as -much by the pauses ; that intervene as by -the woids that / come _ to us; and as we speak tears many ' - and bitter come to our relief, and for a time the burden that is laid on us seems easier to bear, the way less thorny, and across the darkness of the night of sorrow that shadows bur lives faint streaks of a possible dawn seem timidly to flutter. But at other times, even to whisper of our bitter grief to the most pitying, seems but like probing1 to the quick a mortal wound. What use in idle words or tears ? what consolation in '\ sympathy ? No mortal can lessen our miseries ; no words alleviate our pain. Let us endure our fate as best we may in the isolation of reserve, the apathy of silence. And such is the mood that has fallen on me to-day as I strive to tell to the end this faltering fragmentary story. There is a gray clinging vapor over earth and sky and sea, and it seems to have crept into my heart so heavily that I, would fain fold my hands and pen no word of my great bereavement. ' Who is that woman with the diamonds ?' Why did the words haunt me so persis tently ? . We smile at the primitive belief in ghosts;; but are there not spectres ready to haunt us, not in the dead of night, but in the busiest or the gayest scenes, when & chance look or a careless word awakens memories and thoughts which are far more terrible than the harmless visitants in ghostly white who were supposed to steal to the bedsides of our forefathers with some tale of woe or wrong ? At such moments whether we will or no, all the days of the past rise in swift merciless succession be fore us, and we are held spellbound till we reach the last link that fate or our own hand has forged in our life. In a moment of time we look all along the shadowy years that have been, and come back to what we are, asking ourselves in strange dismay Is this all? The contrast is too bewil- 1 dering. The glorious possibilities that lay - - before us when we began the journey of lif e, with the blue heavens overhead; the passionate visions of early youth in our ^ hearts; the proud belief in our own power to dare and achieve ; the implicit confidence — which comes from the splendid egotism of youth — in our inalienable birth right to the possession of what is most desirable in existence; all these we see side by side, with what ? ' Who is that woman with the diamonds ?* That night as Hooked at the priceless jewels that flashed in my hair and round my throat and arms, I told myself in sober earnest that these words ' The woman with the ( diamonds,' summoned up the story of my ' life. Even as I repeated them the cold, hard glitter of the lustrous baubles mocked me intolerably. My life was void of love ?and purpose, but I could deck myself in diamonds worth a monarch's ransom. Then, as I looked at them, they made a dazzling glory round me— nay, rather a blinding glare from which there was no escape. At thatmomentthefascinatedterrorwith which in the old days I had once listened to Betty Jones's description of the Day of Judgment seized on my mind with unaccountable vividness. It was as though I stood in a merciless glare to hear all the sins of my life proclaimed to the assembled millions of mankind, while I vainly sought refuge from mountains that would neither crush nor shield me ; and the fierce light, from which no pitiful depth could hide me, was that given by those diamonds. If I looked backward or forward their hateful bril liancy seemed to scorch up all the sweet ness, the tenderness, the womanliness of my life. And then a voice — I knew not whether of angel or of devil — whispered to me that those flashing toys were the price of my soul. The next moment I laughed at the childish fancies that haunted me. Yet never since 'that night have I seen the shimmer of diamonds without a feeling of vague terror, such as that which takes hold of us when far out at sea we waken at midnight, and hear the voices of the rising storm, and the dash of waves against the ship that bears us over the great deep. .' ' A few weeks after this incident we went abroad. When I again returned to England I was a widow and a mother. My widow hood came upon me very suddenly and un expectedly, and was a great shock to me. It was a few weeks after my husband's death that my little girl was born. Thus all conspired to make her all in all to me, and to concentrate upon her every thought and all the pent-up love of. my life. It was so thrilling, so altogether won derful, to hold this helpless little mortal in my arms, and think that after a lifelong heart-hunger she was all my own to love, to live for, and to cherish. And 1 was so glad my child was a little girL She would belong more exclusively to myself. She was my own, my very own, to shield from all danger, to tend and to teach. How gratefully I thanked my God who had blessed me with this most precious gift ! I was humbled, almost awe-struck, when I thought of all that was entrusted to me ! An immortal soul fresh from the hands of the Creator to train and mould, not alone s\ for time, but for eternity. I used to watch '? her for hours as she lay in my arms asleep and awake, and I laid out all my plans for the coming years. How beautiful she was. How soon she learned to look in my face with the light of love shining in her deep violet eyes. It was such new and exquisite happiness to feel that my days were f ull_ of purpose and usefulness; that an unending succession of duties filled up the hours which before had been wasted in weari some inanities which in unconscious satire are termed pleasures. There was always something I could do for my darling. When the long thick lashes with their up ward golden curve rested in peaceful slum ] ber on the cheeks fair and smooth as the inner leaves of a moss rose, I could sew andi \ embroider dainty robes for her that were fit for a fairy princess. At times- 1 almost wished that I were poor, so that I should have had 'to save and work for her. But then I reflected I eould not in that case five he-i all my tiiae and thoughts, and my ands would not be white and smooth : enough to touch those delieate little limbs And by means, of the wealth which she would inherit would she aot besaved many trials and hardships ? It could notof itself give happiness — I knew too well this in heritance of wealth; but would it not save her from the terrible temptation of entering on the closest bond of life, because she was an unwelcome dependent on the bounty of others? The closest bond of life— was thera not a pang of rising jealousy in the thought that another could be in the years to come deaTer to hex than I would oe? Then. X would laugh at the araurdity of mv own ( thot^lite; MyiMe daughte? cqirid/ipj;; \ yet^jspmj »ame,*nd here I wasih/.fapqy givn^ ,Her a^y iii .mat^age! - Wnit^ frightfully i£heniuijg^ Mother T.-Wpiil^-te' -wSsfrX began thus Nearly ^tp : think of ra'stfn- In-l&Vi; Ah.,' I wag -sb; 1;iianMulf^d thiifl? there] were yet -sa'miriy/lbng years .through -which' she would TOjfll:iay own,;itrqugii.J whfchsbe yqulA- lfeini'ifee story of- iny life/ «nd\:know tfoaj/grieat and -early- sorrow. j-f -wh£cb/;Tio' onevlad.;e;yer. spoken to me, in ?? sympathy or loyel ' Wjina she would 'be to, me moire than any «ther mortal couli. A 'boy- might perirapfc;:& childhood le&tn; to ! iove me as -well, but ?fcbjen he must pferforce, .go out into the. world, and in its Pharasaic ; -sel&Miess; lesrn to' look coldly on therun-. «olvJeji'J mystery that ; hung -arouticl :my; mother's life and death. But my Viola^r.; 3\. could predict what she would test and think by the emotions which s«ray$d my ?own mind. „ .'.'.-' ...' . , '. And so the time went Jby with strange xapidity and happiness till my darling was :f ouryears old. She was with me day, and sight. .HeT wondering. questions, her daily .. prattle, her rising up and lying down, they -formed the history of my existence. And - it was not only, the mere companionship -and-the sense of having some one to whom my life could be . dedicated that filled up the fclahkness I had hitherto found forming ?so large a portion of my experience* ' It . . -w-asalso the, mauy interests and .pursuits -whiish'lopened o^t 3o^&-re :me as.X strove ] -wor)3p3y to fitmyself for the task of train i ; ing and educating iny 'little girl. What I .. read and saw acquired & new and.:vLvid realityras I fliough^^y^heh 'Viola isolcL enough 'to understand this I shall teach her '. to £oyferit.' When 1 read the burning, -words'- that marked same great . ao'ixVs~ : indignation at falsehood, or : injustice, ? the j accjiaired a rproifoiirider meaning; theyy; weig / mvested; with. m added saeredriejss,: ' because : they, would;* bMp; to mould my . childV ' 'mind ~ .in truth,; in purity,, and . lovu^-TJindnesS.' 'Wh^n I looked' Up6n~£he'~ landscape that surrounded our beautiful, home in l)eVonshire-|-^ph the wooded park, the peaceftd meadows/the distant hills, and church towers, and tike river winding in and. out like some radiant presence that has power- to gladden and refresh the weary sons of. man, I was grateful that through the stores of everlasting beauty and loveit ' ness-' which God has scattered broadcast -over, the earth. 1 could teach my little ; -daught«T: ho winder is the love with which our Heavenly -Father loves as. And. now .also'fbr-the first time I learned to value the * Vacuity of song Ijpbssessed as 1 had never \- valued ifbefore. FbrTiola, above aU things; /? loveu^ hear' me sing.0 1 She- would' stand / ~by my side at the pianp s/a I sang song after: / &ong;, while ier': grejit' deep . ieyes . wete . -earnestly fLsed-on-myface. : It wouldbe in ? Tainf-Jor-me to foy: arid- make you under-' *tand1idw wenBrouslj: beautiful 'he* eyes : were: ''When! I lodged -into them they seemed tofiU niymind;iwlih vague- reeollec- tionB'of -all the most lovely Yaces and scenes I had «ver-fieehJ or dreamt bf— the Motiierof God, with her ineffable tender-. . mess and purity, the -New Jerusalem -seen by John in 'hla glorious visions' the tree-clad heights, the sweeping plains with their grave ancient cathedrals,-1 an 1 ^the cloudless skies of, southern lands] i 'tni palm trees shading bubbling springs : an \- soft verdure in the midst of parched waste 3 ? of sand, the soft 4awn7of morning stealing \- .across solemn inountam heights1-^!! -this -and much more wouldbe inexplicably suggested by Viola's eyes, so exquisit 3 . ? in form and color, and in one so young ax strangely full of soul and feeling. Are you . Impatient' efibis'forid^oolish babble? ;Ah, Ijear With me for a little if I linger too -wistfully 'over the fleeting years, through ? -which the bareness and the. heart, isolation \- of my former Ufe were all forgotten In my - ;:new-fottnd liliss, . 1 linger - and hesitate to tellryGu'how-it''ali;'-jame'-tb an «hdy this liappiness of mine.. But'all^thiB time you toe perfectly aware how it was.^. You£ and you,'and you, =«fho know what it is to waken ' Jhalf-; wild with'|oy. Ibecau^ejnydur dreams the li^ie«linging;iands that are:at- rest for ::~- evemor© seemeii dnCe a^ain;to clasp- you, -what iieed'is-Uiere iiblat^I should tell you :iow^Itoo -was ^bereaved? r -' ? She Was within aiew weeks of: heT fifth; liirthday, whenquite suddenly she; sipken^d; ' . In the morning ^ when she rose ake teemed . ^as well as usual;/ But towards noon, when , -we sat j talMngV and ! Teadihg/ as was q\ix~ -wont}lE9&ticedt3ia;]t- her face was a little Pushed. _i*---';--:-';^ y--\— J-_ i'.':.;;:: ;?;/'' u My darling^ joji^ are -tired?'' . I' said, ?drawing 'her nearer toine. /...:.. *c Oh no, tnamnia, only ^my heud BChestia -tiny bit ; but please go on with the, story . -about-the dear little Storks;' ; . ; ; .? It*was*-one dfrHans?-ATidersen!s tales I '^vaa^nskifingas;best'r could :-^ . ['' ,? '-° 7 ??'.-' «OnewiUfte'hung ' ~- l - ? And tmewilHw burnt.' «- Will we really be hung and burnt?' asked the young storks. . ;': ''No, certainly not!' said the mother. *Tou wHl learn to fly$ I shall soon, begin to teach you;, then we will fly away .across . the marsh and paytee frogs a visit, they 'will 'try to hide themselves in the wate'r from.iis, saying, u Eoax, kpax,' and then we fihall eat them up. ;3iat wili be rare fun for us!' *' * Arid then ?* asked the storklings. ''Then all the storks that are in the ?country will gather themselves together, . and the autumn practising will begin. It is then of the greatest importance that one should fly well, for who'eyer is not able to ?do so will be pecked to death from the xoofs-j therefore take good care that you learn ^something when the practising be gins.' - ' ? '-? ' - ? ? ? :?:...' u 'Then we would be eaten, as the hoys «ay. *JAnd ©nly lisiten/they are singing it sgain!' '* Yon listen to me, and not to them,' eaid the 'mother stork. « After the great autumn practising we will fly to sunny lands, *fer, far from here, across woods and mountains. We will fly to Egypt, ^ where there are three-cornered stone iouses run aiing up in a point away beyond the clouds; they are dialled pyramids, and are older tlian ?even ajgtork : caniniagine. There is also a river, which overflows its bed, and then all the country - is covered with slime. Then one niayigo in the -811016 and eat frogs.' « K Oh yisM all the little storks. iC l Yes ;. it 3b grand tiiere. There one does nothing else the whole day but eat; and while/ we .have such a, good lime of it, in this country there will not be a green leaf on the^ees. Here it will be so cold that the cfeuds will freeze in bits and fall down in while patches.' It was snow that the mother' stork meant,. but she could not ex plain it more clearly.' ! 'Mamma/' sftid Viola, suddenly, }lt :'Tvhehr will it snow again? I shall watch, and see , if nik bits of the clouds;'' v ; '' \ v .;:. / ';;} ? u There will be no snow for a long.rtim^, ; aarling. It is. spring now.. See ,hi?w 'blue,; tne Bky is, and the white' clouds that are 3yer it look quite warm.'. ?*,.'? ...?► -r ?, ^Mamma, my head aches a little. I shall ' lie down here, and if youising for me li&h; 1 good girl it will make me bettef.' ., ? r-1 ;iOne of the results of _ our close and'.'oon^/ stant companionship was: that Viola 'f re- 1 jiently adopted the same terms in:speajkifig ' to me which I used to herself. ;. She lay dn; the couch in the room in which we 'ha6-.i l»een sitting, and I sang for her till she; fell isleep. Then as I sat by her I noticed that lier'face had become flushed atid1iot-iind'tliaf:s bier breathing was unusually rapid. Then; a, :gre'at sickening fear seized hold On me., . However much I might wish to tell ybu; how, hour by hour and night after night,! sat by my darling's bedside arid saw how.all Uiat human $kill *nd tenderness -?oul(l do. For her were, unavailing to stay the course of the fever which had seized upon her, ii ] Would be impossible for me to do so. For. those days are a partial' blank to me. .. j ,-._ have the memory of strange moment., of delirious 'agony, when J31 . I. could say ; or think was ? She will, die ;'' of Jidurs p j lethar^c calm, when hope of joy and, fesip of sorrow seemed alike indifferent tb; jae.; „ a confused recollectibn of silent jnidmght hours, of rosy dawns, of mufBedfootsteps; and whispering voices^ I could at 'times- havje shrieked aloud with very; te?rdi of' those stealthy footsteps and hushed tones/. they foxetolddeath with such terrible cer-. tainty. And-at last it came. ''?'.'?.' -/.' ... ^ CHAPXEBrr'V,T— Ax ^ Gjebstbnbehg^ ?'??_.,? I Some French writer has givjen: us .a & an- - tastic legend which is entitled! ' lie Gheva lifer Double.''. -:The herpis Oluf- son of the , Count and Coiaitess Xodbrog. Before, this . boy's biith aa master sinsrer /from Bphemia came to the castle, who sang wonderful songs, that filled the heart and mind at; once with terror and delight.; Nor were his 1 songs the only thing about him that partook of this mingling of what: was ; at once repulsive and attractive. He Wjas beautiful as an angel, and y:et something ia h|s face froze you with Indefinable feaiv There was a treacherous grace, about _ hia mbvemente i that reminded one of the tigex; lurking for' his prey, of the fascination e'xer-. , cised ~by .a serpent wh^nit lurjea'a bird *P;: itk rum. 'This master. r singer, .sangjhos;! stirange songs and went oh his way, but rhe ?- leit^an irieffacable ' ihipressibri oh €he;r mind of _ the ,- . Countess . Lodbrog ; : , and- tb|s' impression liad ' its.: eSect' on' - her . son. . When ; he was '.'Thorn _his 'naiir^ Tiiy;was 'aw^'L arid the istarologe'^ inad^, this statement,': ,~ -lCoun£/G|uf ^has.two' stars, one green, one red ; M.e 1 'jgreeh ,is for. hope,' the red for destruction. A double . influence is upon him, he' wpl 'be either very happy or very unhappy ;*I know not., which, perhaps both together/? As the/ child grew- up he verified tMs- prediction ; he seemed to 'be possessed of tw-i natures directly at variance witii -Jeaeh- other,' ; At* onetime his goodness and gentleness were : almost superhuman, at another bis malice rivalled that of -a fiend,- Hk caprice was unbounded. In one moment; without any assignable cause, he passed from mirtih'td' passionate ~ weeping, ? from restless excite-; ment to the most impassive calm. ; As he griew up this «trange -duality increased ratheT than lessened. When he arriyedat ; man's estete, Count Oluf beeame aware that - hel 'w^3 haunted by- a knight, who in all respects was an exact counterpart of him-: self, only that instead of a green plume the familiar wore & red one. On meeting this Ted knight one day in a lonely wood, Count' Oluf engaged with him' in -combat, £nd after a fierce struggle the red knight'-was conqueTor. Henceforth Count Oluf fenjoyed ; peace and happiness, and was never again; cursed with the1- contest caused by two\ diirerse and antagonisti&natures;/ - -; '. ?One of the^hief- charms of- legends and fairy tales is, that at the end, things are so1 'beautifully arrarigedj not even a bondaye of angels could suggest an improvement. 'But in^the frightfully pTosaic world with, which we are familiar,. it;5may often happen1 that^ after we have chanted; hymris^f ^thankf ul-^ nefes, because our bittereetfoeis vanq^uishedj . we may rise one: sad strarige morning td-'&id; thkt the tideof ^iietory has turnedVarid thatrj once more we are lyingjprorie at themeicv of ' our deadliest enemy 1 ;xhus¥ad ^itbeeri with' me when Hie ldveiindfiompanloriship of iny only child broke the lifelong loneliness that ha^l been iny lot; -?? Tinies imuinerabie^had; ~T clasped her toiiiy Iheart ,arid: shed' jfears of loj and thankfulnesB for*Hth8.t]great hkppU ne^s that had been 'vouichsafeo!. ±0 ;m§.; And now, how was it with me again 'ori'this fair spring morning, as I -istood- looking; across the -beautiful village oFGeTstenbeigP Gerstenberg was ja peaceful rUttTe'-hamlet- sentinelled far -off and riear at hand by the western spurs of the BlacV Forest, which decline precipitously towards7 the plain of the Bhine.- It- Iky nestled in a valley fer tile in luxurious 1 Vegetation^ in born 'and fniit, while the 'heighte around W'ere clashed with fragrant firs, arid pines, arid .beeches, with- massive5 trunks that were the slow growth of .centuries. 'Close to it we're mineral springs,' with healing virtues enough to. set up half-a-dozen modern watering-places; around it lay a successip \ of jbeautiful ana-Varied landscapes. ' Bu1'- nokpostle of health or seer of commerce had as yet risen up to drag it into ^oto-? rie^. The hordes of tourists, who lieave broken bottles and scrawled initials in the loveliest retreats of nature, who shed teats of rapture on finding that they can count the; number of ruined castles ;and sriow-' capped peaks mentioned in Murray, as being, apparent from a given point, liad not as yet vulgarised the quaint old-world' vil lage. No demoniac shriek of a Strain at full-pressure speed had startled the grave deep calm of those valleys^ - bright with sunshine where they were not shadowed with the tree-clad heights, and everywhere fragrant with the breath of wild flowers. Here men tilled the ground, and herded cattle, arid reared children, and lived arid died, and were gathered to their fathers in a leisurely way that savored of the calm uneventfulness of patriarchal life* ; The corn ripened- the grapes waxed golden and purple, the winds of autumn 'whirled the *ere leaves hither, and thither, the whiter £now fell thick and fast on the -mountain heights, and the^dark steadfast pines bent bef pre the rising blast, but no tidings from the! outer world raised:stonns of passionate regret or anger in the hearts of the dwellers of those quiet homes. . :?-? ' '? —:???? Now, once more, the subtle ^breatk of spring made itself felt in the sheltered Mboks where. y^god-Sipyrejal^reajred. .their; .:s|afiry petals in ihe fruitful' valleysi'fplded , !;indri' eviery side by the everlasting '.'.hills. ?' ..Theblu^^f the sky had w^xed deeper and clearer day by .day ;' the -nates of the .birds : irarig out louder and more joyously '\ spijiys : of blossom, like fugitive ?messagea, of love/ from a far land, had pe-ped;pu$ jfinindly; here and there/till at last; in aj^tl© wealth. .o)E her eternaLyputhj .:Natui»;j re-veUed in, 'the1 glad presence of ' t^erfnll'r,^ringtide. ? /Tou could no'tlookvonth'eJ iullstdes, or on, the meadows, or on rthe-gleiariiing streams, ,;or ?' on the' woodsy where evBty' leaf and tree were instinct with'1 a fuller ?pulB8 bf lifej^nd where tall day long the 'wiridseemfedtb whisper' wild, sweet hopes .of summer's approaching: carnival^ without Jsaying 'This is spring.'r- I, who- seemed to have come, to the end of my. existence, who : felt through the weary hours of the sleep less nights, that by some cruel oversight I - ?was left to linger aimlessly1 in the1 world after-all meaning had been crushed out of : my life, even I felt that it was spring time that morning, as I looked across the hills 'arid vales and fields and cottage homesof Gerstenberg. I looked out throv^h the 'low latticed window of the sitting-room in the cheerful trimly-kept dwelling where we' had taken up our abode, and as I marked ,rthe; tender -green 'of the leaves, and the spelling bads of the fruit trees, I saw that .which of all sights in the world was the oiie to make me Tealize- most keenly how I had been robbed; On a rustitf bench be-=' fore-the. window sat ^a peasabt ? woman fendling her child, and speaking tp it in the 'sweet terms of endearment that -some so Readily to a-mother-e lips*- The ?&$& smote - 'n^e bruelly, and I turned away with a low moan. But I was-not all ulone 'wifen in my -restless wanderihgsl: reached this secluded . village, almost a year aftenl had looked my last upon my darling's face, i Even as I bent;-iny -head ;inr anguish that seemed almost insupportable, a; woman whose face always seemed to me-ene of the fairest \- 1 had ever seenj stole' touayiside and took . my -hand in hers. ?*'. My deal : child V? She \- wjas years younger than I,, but it was thus, '^he , strode to ^opthe me* jShei never told ;me it was for;tTbfi:best,or ^ that it was wrong. :\o grieve' so .fsassi4natelyr, or indulged, in '? any. pi ;.thej trite ?platijtud^&jthat; a^e : some tiines so wantpn% hulled fat ; pne'sthead in 1 such ^a^ns^suSering.: She wpuld just' take my r poor ;^yeary -^iead in her hands ^ndrieet ii on her.shouia^iookiDginto my face with , unsjeafia'ble sympathy in her beaufllpul^eyes, till flometM^g pf.the in : tolerablenesS; of my -anguish passed- away,. ri4eeause here; .bessdejmejrwith . te'nder com. pa^siojainher heMt- and love in the very \- ntokch of her 'flowei-soft hands, stood a 1 woman whose affection and friendship were .giyen to/me' when I neede^ them. most. :. -jj^Af t^r , a . pause . my companion said, : ' '/' Yesterday -you, were, going to tell me how you#^Bmembered /first sesingj me when we were both, children. ; I am just ,4n the humor, for a^stpry vm, mprnjng. .1 have -n-it /eripu^h', energy ^ ^walkv ^ There is; nptMng,in ^eaven .or, ^earth =cpncerniag , . which ? I. desire . instructive information. :£tee,.here is a window' by which we can -both sit and. look out occasionally over = .those delightful, hills.' : . '-?': 'It is but a little story,1' I replied, 'but '. -: I daresay .St. -\vill surprise you.w ; 'Ach,Hiriimell thentellitto me at once. » If: one could only' be genuinely surprised — r:$ay once a month .during the course of one's life— why it would really seem worth one's while to live.' ', ^ ^ ::?.. I' 1 do not know whether you will re member the time or place.' ;. 'Ivame both, and let me reflect.' , 'The time j was a summer day some : [twenty-two years agp. The pkice a large ^hall.in a Ipeality in the East End of - .Londpn, where sdmB hundreds of poor children were r regaled, at a Sunday-school .i ifeast by a.nuniber of ladies^ among whom -was the Cpuntess pf r Harrowfield— yyour . mother. - You -stppd beside /her earnestly ; regarding the .poor, children, whpr^some of ; rthem hialf fam^ied^T^ere eating almost , lavenbusly the good things that were served out to them.' :,? -f. , ,^ . ? ::i :.[:' \\- ^But how came you to, x&rasmber; that you saw ? me then ? . .-.Did we know «aph ;pther ? Whq^eireyou with^': , . : \- - ?'No; we .did; .not know, leach other. 1 But I remember, you. anxl the whole scene' '?'very accurately. All my life 1J1 have had ; the faculty: of remembering some .faces and 'incidents as if they were photographed in my brain,; rAS a general rule I (have not ' ? what is .called ajgood:memory; but if any scene- or, place,. ?or; countenarice/rhecomea 'mixed up with .any: .fanciful imaginings ' they become indelibly fixed on my ridrid. ~ Arid you for manyjiays were the centre pf - ; the curious little dramas I used to conjure': yxp, and then enact in imagination with so ' much vividness that my fancies were rof ten y-iriore real to .me. than what I was -actually 1 doing, or what was going on around- me '' ?-'? 'Ah, you need not -have told metiiat— there is a certain look of the eyes which? infallibly proclaims ihe creative dreamer.. Please consider that ^sentence as being marked by invertedxommas. I heard the assertion once made; by a poet who died ' too young to make the world acknowledge his genius. . He went on to ^ve a disquisi tion on eyes, in the low pitched monologue in which he- sometimes indulged, that would sooner recollect in its entirety than ; all the oratorical effusions I have ever heard ;tput together. I have always -remembered ^ just enough of this spoken reverie: to -mak ,me notice people's eyes more than an -other feature in - their faces. - And ofte when I have looked at you I have thought 'Her eyes are not intent on the present, th ? past, or the future Vlhey^are conjuring ?up what might^have been.' But I am wait ing to hear how I came to be-horiored with a place in ypur day-dreams.' '_? '* I was there, not with any of the rioble- \- or charitable ladies who of- their bounty feasted the poor, but as one of the children who were thus kindly patronised.' One . quick '. bewildered look broke - the calm of lady Bea^ice's face. Then she, *rept a little closer tb irie,. and I went, :on-j— , . . f ... 'Iwas sitting' at1 the end of oneof the ? long narrow1 tables' thatrari in paraUel lines across the room, and ': riot far from the end at which I sat you were ; standing beside yo^r mother.; Ybujwere, I suppose, a child of jsoine six or seven1 years.; /You ? were . ?very,' very fair ; your hair, which was then pf a perfectly gplden color, f^ll over ypur ? shoulders on a dress of a divine blue' that seemed tp have been niched from the sum mer sky. I looked ;at your dress and then at the buff stiff print in which' 17 myself - -was arrayed,1andlever since' I have hated a yellow dress with an unholy hatred. Some ladies, who were serving at the .table by which I sat, stood arid talked close be hind me. , ... .. ? j ''What a lovely child p. one, of them said. ? , ..-.. -.. , ?'..' .' . .? j ''Yes,' returced another, 'that is the Xady Beatrice. She' is the. youngest daughter of the .Cpuntess, of Harrowfield. There is a laVge family of iheBcu They are ds poor as church mice, arid as proud as jLucifeh' .; ''. ' . '?''?':-' ^ I' looked at you and your calm-faced, r oble- lobkirig mpther, and wpndered what tie woman could mean by saying you were poor. 'Lady Beatrice,' I said to myself sbftly, and straightway fell ' to imagining T^hat mariner of life ypu lived — ^whatyou did, and said, and thought. A ragged little giii Beat you began to cry for some reason, abd I watched your mother stooping over lief and patting her on the head. Then -you smiled, and held but something tp her. lj wpndered whether ypu would have spoken to me if 1 had been near you. If I cried, would you have smiled and held out a, gift to console me ? or was it because the little girl was so ragged ? Oh, how gladly would I have torn that hateful yellow print to have been so distinguished ! j 'For long days after all my day-dreams if ere moulded hy my recollections of you. loused to picture our meeting again under a; hundred varying circumstances. Do I T'eary you?' Lady Beatrice's face was half averted, At my enquiry she turned.it full to mine, and I saw that her eyes were dimmed with most unwonted tears. 1 'Garde, how could ypu.be so cold and distant when we met at Mr. Marston's country house, if ypu recpgnised me then as the little girl ypu had seen and thought so much about ? Did you know me as soon as ?w[e met?'? - :' The moment I saw your faeelrecog n sed you even before I. heard your name. Then I asked some one if you were the yjungest daughter of the Countess of I arrowfield, and found that my iriempry h id not misled me.'- ' But Mr. Marstbn was your uncle.' ' He was my husband's uncle. . Of course I did npt always live- amid such lpwly surroundings till my marriage. You ask /ire how I could be sp cold and reserved. Well, it was ]ust this. I thought if you knew me. Beatrice, as I had been on that .day- when I looked on you with so much admiration as a child, you could -not but hold yourself alopf -frbrii me,- arid regard me ; ai ari interloper into.your sphere of- life.' : ; 'Oh, what Tnistakes we make by think ing too meanly of each other,' said Lady Bbatrice 'with a sad little smile. 'Do you know,' she went on, 'one great wrong religion in its popular forms has inflicted on 6ur race is the habit pf constantly slan .dering buraelves under the guise of humility; I think1 it is but' a spurious piety that teaches lis we are. by nature :uiterly- depraved— worms of the dust — ush. ! isn't it a horrible expression ? I would sooner be a villain of the blackest -dye than a worm— a crawling, wriggling tqing that never looks up into God's glad sky, but grovels in the dirt from birth till death. Such expressions always make me f ejel I am more of a Greek than a.Nazarene. Istft this what people call a digression? ^ell, what I want to say is just this, that ifjthe unworthiness of our species were not infeulled into our minds as a religious prin ciple we would not, I think, be so apt to misjudge each other.' ? '' Forgive me, dear child,, for wronging you in thought. But there were so many tl^ngs in my life to make me sensitive and shrink from hasty confidences. And, though we did not -become fast or intimate friends when we met at Embing Court, ycu see your kindness and goodness drew ytu to me when I-most needed your sym pathy and companionship.' ' iWe'were silent for some little time, and I recalled howiri the midst of: my aiiriless wanderings in Italy I met Lady Beatrice 'an|d herhusband, Sir; Fleming Hardwicke,. qiiite by chance, flow, finding- me alone arid crushed by the blow that had fallen on; me, she had there and then entreated me to let her be nly companion for some time. ' ';,. ? ' I ? ('Fleming is geing f pf a jcrtdse in hia yajeht^-perhaps -as far m the' Nprth Pole. I caririot endure yachfirig for inorethan a week at a time, ; I arii not strong enough iufet now tp endure the dissipation ' pf a \- London season. ETFlem'salbience let me ha,ye you under my care. I can tkke you to Such delicious but-of-rthe-world nopks.' Knd thus she had become iny companion, frifend,, and consoler; and among other places brought me to the quiet valleys of Gerstenberg.' ...'.'.' . . ?:C--: ¥ Would it tire ybu too much to tell. me \ alii about your' early life ?' said' Lady Bea tribe softly. . ? .. : And then I told her all I have, already related of my childhppd and early, .days. '. ' Aimy mothers miniature she looked long - : 'airid wistfully, arid fer a time we were both silent. ? - ???.'. if I think one never knows what huge boies steam and progress, and the nine teenth century are till one cemes to such a place as. this,' said Lady Beatrice, break ing the pause that had ensued, as she turned to look through the window by which we sat. r Merciful Heavens !' she cried in a tone of junsimulated alarm as she thus looked. . *'I^ not that a tourist?' ? ;. f Where ?',f asked, somewhat amused at th| dismay depicted on riiy companion's face. *,' There — just over the ridge of that seclond hill.' The unconscious subject pf our observa tioii seemed to be making direct for the dwelling-house we occupied, which was a kiijd of farm- house inn, where the. few travellers who found out Gerstenberg were /accommodated at wonderfully reasonable rafes in quaintly old-fashioned old- world 1 rodnis, wholly^uncentaminated by the glare and polish of 'modern hotels. The pedes trian .was a man rather above the average height, arrayed in a light wideawake, loose : knfckerbocke'rs, and! carrying a knapsack lohjhis sTibuiders. . .'- . ^s Lady Beatrice, scanned the approach 'in£ intruder the1 expression pf her face changed from severe disapprobation to' ~ wondering conjecture, arid then to pleased .recognition. 'f Sir. Lennox, pf all pepple in the world ! Dot you know him, Garde?. He is aj painter — everybody, raved about one of his'pictures at the; last Academy Exhibi tion. * The Shadow cloaked from' head to foot,' it was called:' ? ; -\ I know soriiething -of Mr. Lennox by repute, but I have never met himj' I v& plied. : The painter was evidently no stranger at Gerstenberg. Olga^, the youngest daughter, who, hoe in hand, was busily weeding the triangular little flower- beds that extended in prim orde$ before thefront of the house, met him with an unmistakable Wellcome in - face and voice. When her friendly -greet- ing was returned, Olga evidently proceeded to enlightemthe new arrival as- to the pre sence of guests under the family roof. The traveller looked quickly in the direc tion of the window by which we sat. He' -- was near enough for both of us to discern an expression of unmistakable annoyance bn his face. Lady Beatrice laughed lightly, arid tapped ths-window. 'Oh, Mr. Lennox, I am so sorry for your disappointment ! It is very hard that we dan never keep* the monopoly of a really, good thing.' - ?? ^Lady Beatrice ! 'waste not, want not.'.j Ti you throw away your sympathy so un-: deservedly,- what will you dp when:it is really needed? But this is a most agree able surprise. - How did you find out this retreat t' - . - ' Oh, in the most commonplace way; A ring which was given tponeof my fore fathers by the last authentic geni, has to be tapped seven times at midnight in a dark chamber where a bishop who never bored any one has dined the previous even- - ing. At the seventh tap a blue light is sfeen in the north-eastern corner of the room. Then a deep bell-like voice asks, 'What would you?* Whatever the re quest may be which is there made, it is at once granted. The last prayer I proffered when I summoned the geni was, ' Conduct me to a place- where the problems of the day are unheaxd of, where life is npt eter nally fretted by the striking of -clocks and the clanging of bells, and where men have not exhausted all religious belief.' Behold : the answertomy prayer.' ; ' Yes,'' said, the painter, laughing, ' that was certainly a prosaic way of reaching Gerstenberg. . My story, is by contrast full of romance. In one of my -walking tours through this region three years ago, in quest of 'studies? which should be so original and beautiful, that the most insensate hanging committee would not dare to ' sky' them, I stumbled upon this village*. Ijhave made a yearly pilgrimage to it ever since. You will admit that to be conducted to a place by a geni, a talismanic ring, and ajblue light, is extremely matter of fact, c^mpa&ed; to seeking the same place to' satisfy the pangs of hunger.' I ' Are you hungry now ?' 1 ' Sufficiently so to remember with pleasure that at mid-day-^-just half-anrhour h^nce,Lager beer, goats' milk cheese, brown btea4,and the freshest butter, in the world 'vstill be provided in large quantities for lunch— or have you, in ypur derir© to be 'riji of all remembrance of the wicked world/ constituted twelve o'clock as your dinner hour?' . . ' : i'No, we adhere to the traditions of the pfece. When Fleming and I first came here we found that we were expected tp breakfast at nine, lunch at. twelve, and dine at four. Flem said: that as he was nat created an cstrioh, and had no ambition of; becoming one, he muststnke out anew li^ie in culinary^ arrangements. But Mrs. T^mpleton and myeelf^keeptothe orthodox, hours with a punctuality which only women eyer practice.' ?Mr. Lennox relieved himself of his knap sack and sat on th& bench that was before the window. Bis face was not of a type cdnventionally reckoned handsome, but it wks very pleasant to look on. It was much bronzed by constant exposure to sun and wind, except across the upper part of the forehead, which being always guarded fromi wfeather influences, was blue-veined and as delicately fair as a girl's. His eyes were dark, as was also his hair and moustache. The chin was kept 'distinctly human.' The whole face when animated was very mpbile, but in repose it was grave almost to, sternness, a characteristic which I think often marks the faces of artists and writers. ~ ? ; I noticed that when Mr. Lennox first spoke tp me his eyes rested pn my face, wilh an enquiring expression. It was not' long before the reason of this was dis covered tp me in a wholly unlobked for way.r In the ! evening we lingered arid chatted pleasantly over the fragrant tea' ? which had been prepared by Lady Bea-' trice's waiting maid— a, nsef ul cosmopoli tan-kind pf woman who spoke three or four languages fluently — was always prepared for an emergency, and accommodated her self to her mistress's love of periodically resorting tp out pf the world retreats' with out a murmur. ' * ' .' . i'But Cornelia is not a British woman,' said Lady Beatrice, when Mr. Lennox spoke with enthusiasm of the tea being a delightfully British beverage. .' She is a native ef pne pf these polyglot cantons of Switzerland where the fortunate natives ' drink in two or three tongues with their mountain air. It might be possible, to train an Englishwoman of her class to the same adaptiveness for travelling; but I think by the time you had accomplished the feat you would have little aptitude for anything beyond sitting by the fire and telling tales of ypur childhood.' ''Besides,' said Mr. Lennox,' when you haye such a courier as James you may safely indulge in a maid who does not oppress one like a nightmare of respecta . bility. There is a solemnity about that inan which involuntarily reminds me of the Day of Judgment.' . . . *? Mr. Lennox, I cannot encourage pro fanity. To speak of James with levity is equally as profane as joking about the Day of Judgment. . But if you will not drink any more of this ? British beverage,' will you mate us everlastingly grateful by showing us some of your Black Forest sketches?' ? I shall be happy to show you such trifles as I haye with me, but I left nearly all my belongings at Holzwaldeihohe, and hate been tramping about for the last few days in blissful' idleness. I have only a ; little portfolio with me, of such dimen siens that it can be comfortably carried in my knapsack,' This portfolio of Mr; Lennox's was a marvel, of ingenuity — it held so much within a small^compass. The studies he displayed' in mountain scenery were very exquisite. Cloud'and sunshine and shadow, and precipitibus fir-clad heights, the gleam of ihill .enclosed lakes, and the sombre majesty, of storm, were here depicted 'in sketches of prs-Eaphaejite dimensipns with the masterly and' skilful touches of the true artist. 'While we were looking at these and other interesting sketches Mr. Lennox opened an inner compartment of his portfolio, and took out a miniature ; set with' brilliants. . , .- . 'I see now. Mrs. Templeton,' he -said, ** why I thought on .first seeing, you that we -must have^met before. It is because of the curious resemblance between you and . this lady — a near relative of mine.' As he- . spoke he placed- the miniature before me. Fora moment I = thought it 'must be some, delusion. What face - was this with the sweet smiling mouth, the fair oval cheeks, and golden glory of hair throwncarelessly baek ? It was my mother ! The picture, except in its setting, was an exact counter- , part of the only likeness I possessed of her — the miniature 1 had only that morning shown to Lady Beatrice when telling her „ the story, of my youth. I stopped ^and; ; kissed the picture reverentially, '.with'- hot } tears welling into my eyes. Mjc. Lennox ; looked at me in dumb' amazementi Xiady f Beatrice, who sat near ine, lookedrfrom me ; to the mniature I held out to her, arid said .: qxiickly- — '.*-'.' ' W hy, Garde, this is your mother.' .'? i 'In that case,' said Mr Lennox, rising' arid standing beside me with outstretched hand, I must ask you to regard me'asa, kinsman. Your mother and mine were-, half-sisters.' ? .. ?'-And I assure yoUj. Garde, he will maka a very good kind of cousin. He never forgets that all men are brothers, except in the case of Manchester connoisseurs and hanging committees,' said Lady Beatrice, who was wont to veil any approach to . emotion by a smile and jest. She was , about to leave the room, on some pretext put I interposed. ;' 'Beatrice, you already know all that I could tell you of myself and my mother. If Mr. Lennox can tell me now something of what has been a mystery to me all my life,, will you not listen too? ' ; Lady Beatrice pressed my . hand and sat down. And thus, beside the woman whose . friendship had so recently been be bestpwed pn me, I heard the story of my mother's life from the kinsman of whose ; very existence I was ignorant up to that, hour. And as I listened these lines ever aW anpn, like a refrain, rose in my, mind : ;' But God gives patience, Love learns strength, And Faith remembers promise, j And Hope itself can smile at length On other fcopes gone from as.? - : *?' Your mother's story,' said Mr. Len nox, ' was told to me by my mother when I was a hid of sixteen, and at the same time she gave me that miniature. Fpr I was going abroad, and my mother, to whom her sister's fate always reinained a mystery, thought that if she were still living there was a possibility of. my some day, meeting l her. 'She may have altered greatly/ my '? mother, said,. 'but hers was a face that I think no lapse of- time could alter beyond recognition. This likeness was taken very shortly before she went away. Oh, it was all so terrible to me. I. Was older than, she ?v^as by three years. We lived in Bristol, where my father was. practising as . a Doctor. When your Aunt flildegarde was , nineteen she became engaged to a ;Mr. ' Graham— rFelisr Graham, who had shortly before then purchased an estate in- thei' '' neighborhood, and was reputed to bf a wealthy man. He had lived a good deal ' abroad, in Canada I think, and, was. many ''' years older than your aunt; But she was passionately attached to. him, and for some time after they were married all' went ; well. A little girl was bom to them, and she was between two and three years, old when the terrible event took place that ' blasted their short-lived happiness. I was at that time settled in London, and saw your aunt only at rare inter vals. But your cousin, Carrie Franklin, was staying with her at the time, and from her I learnt all that passed. It was a warm June evening, and yonr aunt and Carrie were sitting out on the lawn in the falling twilight- when a dark, strange-lopking woman came up the carriage drive and walked straight up to your aunt on the lawn.' .'.'... ' ' Is this Mr. Felix Graham's hpuse ? * she asked. Her voice was- loud; her : manner insolent; and Carrie always,7 averred that she was evidently more or less \ intoxicated. - . \ - at Yes; this' is Mr.. Graham's house,'' answered your aunt. . : r ''And who may ypu be?' was the : .' 'woman's next .question. ' : v ' ;'*I. am ;Mr. Graham's wife/ returned your aunt, rising up to confront this strange visitor. Carrie Vpuld have gene to - summon. Mr. Graham or one of the ser vants* -but the, woman's demeanor was so strange that she feared£to leave your aunt alone with her. : ??- . '. : . 'On hearing Mrs; Graham's quiet reply the; woman burst into aloud defiant laugh. ' ' Hildegarde, come away,' said Carrie ? almost trembling. But the woman inter- - ? cepted them. . -???-??' ''Stay a moment, I have something to tell you. I am the wife of Felix Graham, married to him in Canada St teen years ago. Let him come here and deny it if he dare/ said the woman, raising her hand in a threatening manner. 'Sp npw, madam, pray tell me who ypu are?' ' ' The woman is mad/ said your aunt- in a low voice, grasping Carrie's arm and pre paring to go away. But at that moment: Mr. Graham stepped out on the lawn, and ; sauctered leisurely down towards, your . aunt, who advanced a few steps to meet him. ?:.'-. '' Felix/ she said, withput a tremor' of fear pr pain in her voice, ' there is a woman i whp has fpund her way in_ here, evidently quite insane.' . .-.-.' ' ' Npw, Mr. Graham/ said the strange woman, going close up to the two, 'you will be able to tell this person who I am.' « 'Great God/ was all that Felix Graham could utter, as he stood transfixed, looking at the woman as at an apparition. But that was enough. Your aunt looked 'at him, and her face became white to the very lips. ' ' I am sorry to startle Jyou so much/ said the woman in a mocking tone. ' But you see thpugh the Hercules went 'dpwn so suddenly two or three of the passengers got away in an open boat. I was one of the number. After being afloat for a day and a half we came across a vessel bound for Australia. In the' account of our rescue that was published' in ' the colonial and English papers, my name by some mistake was put down as Mts. Grant. I did not take the trouble of contradicting it; why should I ? We parted on such bad terms that I suppose neither of us cared much whether we should ever meet again. And for! a while I got on pretty well j. but, latterly I met with a good many reverses. Then I remembered that after all there is nothing like forgiveness, and ' Home, sweet home,' So here I am, safe and sound. And HOT*, Mr. Graham, I'll trouble you to ?j.clear the house' of bad ?companj. ' '1 donft lateme you mack for living en gareoh when you mourned me as dead, bufc ? ' ?'* Not a word did; Felix Giaham utter ?while the woman spoke -till she flung out this insult. Then he 'said, in a voice of such concentrated passion that it was scarcely above a whisper— ?' ' Womian, if. you would not tenipt me beyond all self-possession, /be silent.' '♦'.Then your aunt said very slowly, * Felix, is this woman your wife ?' ''*Ob, my darling,' he said, raising his hand to draw her to 'him. But she turned quickly away. ' * Carrie, this is no place for you or me/ she said,. and leaning on your cousin's arm she went into . the house, walked direct into the nursery, where her little giii was quietly sleeping. There she gave directions to the nurse to waken the child and dress her for a journey. Then she' directed Carrie to prepare to set out for London, where her parents lived! *I shall he ready m a few minutes,' she said, looking at her Watch. ' Just then Felix Graham entered the nursery. What passed between him and your aunt I do not know.. Carrie, who was sobbing, -poor child, as if her heart ?would break, left the room with the nurse. The severest 3udge could not but feel, that Graham was to be intensely pitied, and that little or no blame was .td be attached to him for the deadly misfortune, that wrecked his happiness and his life. That your aunt, whose love was. as deep as it was true, would feel his misery as the heaviest part of the blow that had fallen on hex I dp not doubt. . Bat still, when every-: thing is considered, I am not surprised that^be adopted the course she did. After taking Carrie to her home, she left London with her little girl without even coming to see me, and from that day to this none of her relatives or connections know where she went, or what became of her. She had four or five hundred ' pounds of her own, and that sum she drew from the Bank in which it was deposited in Bristol. She would not allow Felix Graham to make any provision whatever either for herself or her child. ' I never felt for any one in my life as much as I did for. him when he came to me in London a fortnight after your aunt had disappeared without leaving the . slightest clue as to her plans or destination. He made sure that she would have come to me, or at least written to me in her sore trouble. But I, who knew that with all her gracious tenderness and winning- ways, Hildegarde was intensely proud, and high- spirited, sever wondered that she had completely severed herself from all who knew of the cruel shame that had so undeservedly fallen on her, .and found some retreat where no eye could rsst on her either in pity or in scorn. Felix Graham did all that was in. his power to discover your aunt's whereabouts, but all in vain. Before he: finally left England he placed a very large sum of money in the possession of an agent to provide for his child in case that future enquiries might lead to her discovery. A * for the wretched woman who had returned as if from the.grave to ruin his life a second time, he provided for her maintenance, but Vj did not live with her. He had married her ^ -when he was a young man of twenty-one, and in a very short time discovered the bitter mistake' he had made. She was vio lent, tyrannical, and intemperate; and the showy, charms which had at first attracted his crude fancy were soon as hateful to Irm as her disposition. After three years of matrimony Felix Graham induced his wife , to agree to a separation, though not in any judicial form, on condition of settling an income of four hundred a; year on her.. Shortly afterwards she sailed in the Her cules, bound from New York for the Gape of Good Hope, where some of her connec tions lived. Then came the news of the wreck of this vessel and the loss of all on ? board. Some months afterwards tidings ' came from Australia that four of the pas sengers had been saved — three men and one woman, a Mrs. Grant ; and; thus the chain of circumstances that led to your aunfs disastrous story were woven.' Need I say how rapt was the attention with which I listened to the story of my mother's life ? Now, at last, all was clear to me — how she had sought a remote country village as the safest hiding-place from the gaze. of. the pitying or the curious —from the man -whom .she loved so dearly, and to whom her life-long fealty and rever | ence were sworn, but who wastben, accord ing to the law.- of- .Christ and of man, less than nothing to her. I understood now that sad, unfinished letter which had been doubtless penned when any mother realised that her short illness was to prove fatal, and when, fearing for my future, she I wished to commend me to the care of her I half-sister, whoBe son now told me what I I had se long and ardently wished to know ; I and because of that .unfinished letter all I the cixrent of my life waschanged. I What is the meaning of life? How I often have I asked myself that question! I I asked it over again with a curious feeling I of bewilderment. Is it the result of blind I chance or the development of the eternal I purposes of unerring wisdom? To what I purpose had my mother's life and my own I been marked by so much suffering — so I much incompleteness? Was it because I there is a fuller nobler life in the future, I to which this existence should serve as the I introductory chords that are merely I suggestive of the grand harmonious I melody to come ? To such questions I I havenever found an answer in which I felt I that I possessed a sure standing ground. I A few weeks after the day on which I 1 first saw Roderick Lennox a question of I a somewhat different nature perplexed me/ land the only answer I could give to it was ?this: — I Not so — not cold— but very poor instead % I Ask God, who knows. For frequent teara I have run ? The colors from my life, and left so dead ? And pale a stuff, it were not fitly done :. ? To give the fiame as jiilqw .to tny headL.5! /yi : ,\ Not auch a Fool &? ho Looks. — Father of adored one — ' Then it comes to tbis, Sir ; you have no fortune, you have lost your appoint ment, you have no prospect of another, and you come to ask me for my daughter's hanil — and fortune?' Not Such a Fool— 'No! Suppose we put it tbis way — I am unembarrassed by wealth, am free from the cares of business, and my future is irradiated by hope ; therefore this in the crisis when I can best devote myself to your daughter, and enjoy that affluence with which you will crown our love.' 