Our Sydney letter. [flour to own CORRespondent. April 29. Dt The Easter week was one of unusual activity and excitement in Sydney. It was high carnival time all the week, and the city was full of country visitors, many of whom found it exceedingly difficult to obtain accommodation at the hotels and boarding-houses. This is an inconvenience which is always felt and complained of when there is any special attraction in the metropolis ; but it cannot well be avoided, and those who form the thousands that flock to the capital on such occasions ought to be prepared to rough it if necessary, for complain as people may and do, it is absurd to expect that hotel and boarding- house keepers can rebel the special demands that arise at holiday times. It wouldn't pay to be prepared all the year round for a rush three or four times a year. And yet people are unreasonable enough to growl and grumble because it is not so, and to kick against paying more for their accommodation than on ordinary occasions. But it is the especial privilege of Englishmen to grumble, and what is the use of privileges if you don't make use of them. I have no doubt, however, that, after allowing a liberal discount for inconveniences incidental to holiday time such as I have alluded to, our country cousins had a jolly time of it during the Easter week. What with the exhibition, the Randwick races, the theatre, and the private picnics and junketings that are so frequent in Sydney and down its harbor, there was no lack of entertainment. Usually the exhibition is the great attraction for city and country folk. This year, I regret to say, it was not so. It is always held in conjunction with the autumn meeting of the Australian Jockey Club that is, about the same week- and the arrangement is a good one, for the one attraction acts as a feeder to the other Country people who come down to Sydney to see one will of course not go back without seeing the other, and in this way the Agricultural Society and the Jockey Club manage very shrewdly to play into each other's hands. This time, however, the races completely took the shine out of the show -if by-the- by,' there was any merit in it by which it could be said to shine I am sorry to say it, but the result of the society's labors this year, so far, is rather disappointing ; but we have the live stock half of the show to come yet,andth¡sÍBfully expected to redeem the affair from failure, and even contempt. There is not nearly such a number of exhibits in the building this year as there was lost, and the attendance of visitors is much smaller, notwithstanding that the most glorious autumn weather prevailed. None of the sister colonies were represented as they were last year, when there were separate courts for Queensland and Tasmania and for Canada. Victoria, too, sent to a splendid collection of specimens of her productions last year ; but the fruits of her industry this year are conspicuous by their absence -a result doubtless due to the derangement of all social and industrial affairs by the violent political agitations of the last three or four months. Tasmania sends some cereals and wool, and takes prizes therefor. Queensland is represented principally (and, as far as I can see, solely) by exhibits of cereals, flour, meal, &c.;, shown by Messrs. Horwitz and Co, of Warwick, who have obtained several prizes. There were several exhibits of Canadian and American machinery, and South Australia has sent some exhibits of wool. Thus will be seen that the tenth show of the Agricultural Society New South Wales hardly deserves to be called intercolonial, and the disappointment was all the greater because people look every year for improvement ; but instead of improvement, they were sensible of a falling off in the present show as compared with last year's. This falling off was especially noticeable in the section devoted to agricultural products. These were exceedingly meagre and unsatisfactory. The picture gallery, ! too, was far less attractive than I have seen it for several years past, and this department constitutes one of the principal sources of attrac- tion to those who pay their shilling and expect to get a shilling's worth of sight-seeing. One of the redeeming features of the show, however, was the display of horticultural exhibits, which were, as usual, placed in the centre of the building, and watered by the fountain ; but many of these were only allowed to remain a few days, their owners considering them too valuable to be exposed to the glare of the gas- light and the impoverished atmosphere of the building. The Hon. Lady Robinson is a large exhibitor, as she always is, of ferns and other plants ; but on account of the severe illness of her son, Hercules Robinson junior, in Melbourne, her ladyship has nothing year been able to attend the Show. For a similar reason, his Excellency the Governor did not conduct the opening ceremony That duty devolved upon the hon John Hay, President of the Legislative Council, who delivered a nice little speech, short and to the point. Sir Hercules Robinson, however, paid a visit to the ground one afternoon during the week, and remained for a couple of of hours, Various causes combined to make the present show less successful than that of last year the drought, the Paris Exhibition, and the absence of vice-royalty, and the indefatigable Joubert ; besides, there is a feeling gaining ground that once a year is too often for holding these exhibitions. I have heard shrewd observant people express the opinion that New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland should combine and hold their intercolonial exhibitions alternately once a year-that is, one show in each colony every-three years-and I confess I like the idea. Another cause that operated against the success of the present show was the arrangement for keeping the live stock back a week after the general exhibits. The whole concern is not such a big affair that we can afford so to divide us and people are dissatisfied with the arrangement because they feel they are paying twice for the one show. It answered very well in a pecuniary sense last-year, but then it was only tentative and now that it has had a fair trial it must be pronounced unsatisfactory. As a writer in one of our daily papers points out, it is like making two bites of a cherry, But the society promises to put forth its best efforts next year, and they have an idea of getting up, either next year or the following, a grand international exhibition, which is to bring New South Wales and the Australian colonies generally more prominently before the world than ever they have been before. So much for the show, which I have said a good deal more about than I had intended when I started this communication. And now for the races, though >? I shall have not be much to say about them. The sport was good large fields of crack horses, lovely weather, a large attendance of the turf public, and splendid racing. His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, however, did not attend, owing to the illness of his son, and many were the regrets expressed at the absence of the vice-regal party, who always give their countenance to the Randwick meetings, for they are a very horsey family, the Robinsons, and great on field sports generally. Sir Hercules, however, had some of his nags running, and as he invariably does, came out a winner, having pulled off one or two events, The hon. James White, M.L.C., is again the biggest winner, having appropriated that much-coveted prize the Sydney Cup, besides other big prizes. He will have a fine fat cheque to receive for his winnings. Nearly all the big winners are New South Wales horse owners, among them Mr. John Mayo, owner of that best and handsomest of all our racers Janitor. There was immer a excitement over one race-the Cumberland Stakes, which was worth 200 sovereigns. The result was a dead heat between two of the best horses in the country, Chester and Cap-a-pie. Chester, you know (who is owned by the hon. James White), distinguished himself at Melbourne not long ago, by pulling off the Cup and the Derby, which performance stamped him as one of the best racers in the colonies. I never saw such wild excitement as there was over this dead heat and the run off. Chester won it by a short head, amid frantic hurrahs, "I thought it a pity our horses Governor was not there to see the sport, when it was so good. It is just possible, that in the excitement of the moment he would have forgotten the dignity of his position, and done as hundreds of others did thrown up his hat in the exuberance of his feelings at the triumph of his friend's wonderful little horse. The bookmakers, I hear, have won a good deal of money over this meet- ing-bad woman to them. The theatres have played an important part in our Easter carnival. They were all liberally patronised. Mrs. Scott-Siddons has joined Mr. Lazar in the management of the Theatre Royal, and has a fine burlesque company at work, with Miss Lydia Howard as principal. Miss Solange Navaro and the Misses Deorwyn (the two latter are remarkably clever and promising young actresses) are in the company, besides Miss Maggie Oliver and all the best members of the Royal stock company. They have produced the burlesque of "Ivanhoe," one of the most smartly written things that Byron has ever given to a pun-appreciating public. It is brimful of humor, and Lazar knows how to produce such pieces effectively. The scenery and mounting are really superb, and of the most costly description. From the beginning to the end of the piece the interest is kept up, and the fun is heightened by the introduction of several smart localisms. The poet of the company is a smart fellow, top The great seeds in the Assembly on Saturday morning was quickly worked up into the dialogue and songs the same night and as M'Elhone figured very conspicuously, and was hit pretty hard, you may rest assured the audience came down with the applause. This may be only a small matter ; still, it indicates that the free selectors' champion is in anything but good order with Sydney people, "Ivanhoe" has been played all the week to crowded audiences. It is the principal theatrical event of the Easter season. When it is withdrawn, Mrs. Scott-Siddons will commence a series of Shakspearian plays and society comedies. Mr. Creswick has completed his hundredth night at the Victoria Theatre, During the last week he played Sir John Falstaff in Henry IV., but it is far below many of his other impersona- tions. He is still drawing large audiences. Miss Ashton played lady Percy. The Georgia Minstrels are at the Queen's Theatre, Thom- son's Diorama of the American War at the School of Arts, and D'Arcy Read's Ghost at the Guild Hall-all doing a good business. The Exhibition entertainments are well attended ; the Marionettes, the female gymnast, Lo-Lo, and vocal concerts, have been the attrac- tion. Last, but not least, two intrepid young Australians, who call themselves the brothers Le Grand, crossed Sydney Harbor at Middle Harbor on Saturday 1400 feet across-on a tight rope, a late Chevalier Blondin at Niagara. I should not have troubled you much with political gossip in this letter had it not been for the extraordinary scene that occurred in the Assembly on Saturday morning, and which you will find fully reported in the Sydney dailies. Apart from that there was little of interest to record. The Electoral Bill was read a third time, without division, and sent to the Council, where it was read a first time, and its second reading appointed for Thursday, May 2. Anyone could see that there was mischief brewing in the Assembly on Friday night, over the Illawarra Railway, for the most bitter hostility had been aroused against the proposal, and some question- able proceedings resorted to by the supporters of the line to got the resolution passed ; but no one anticipated such an explosion as occurred about half-past 1 o'clock on Saturday morning. The House did not meet on Friday night till 7 o'clock, hon. members having been at the races during the day-and thereby hangs a tale ; but when they did meet they set to work with a determination to fight it out to the last. The supporters of the proposal managed, by a small majority, to get the resolution into committee, when the real struggle commenced. Sir Henry Parkes made one of the most powerful and logical speeches against the proposal that has been heard in the New South Wales Parliament for many a day. He showed clearly that had it not been for private interests this Illawarra Railway would never have been heard of at nil and he also showed that if this line were to be constructed it would probably so enhance the value of his property and property of the present Minister for Works (who to his credit be it said, is also opposed to it that they would be transformed from poor men into rich men. Nevertheless, he recognised his duty to the country, and gave his most uncompromising opposition to the resolutions. Let this be remembered to the credit of Sir Henry Parkes while ever the name holds a place in the history of this country. Mr. M'Elhone was equally determined, if Icbb nice, in I his opposition to the line. He denounced the whole affair as a gigantic swindle, and be worked upon the feelings of Mr. Gray and a few others that he laid the foundation for the disgraceful scene that followed. Mr. Terry questioned his veracity. He called that-hon. member a liar and threatened to punch his head if he would come outside. Then a remark from Mr. Gray, about grading (of course, the hon. member meant disgracing) the Parliament with his presence, brought him '-to his foot like a wild animal, and he sprang at that hon. gentleman with the unmistakable intention of committing on assault, when feeble old Mr. Charles inter- posed and managed to stop him for the moment Then he again and again challenged the pair of them out, and promised to punch the pair of their heads. Even after this he would have apologised, and the thing would have blown over but for the ridicule of Sir John Robertson, which turned Mac. aside from his good intention of making an apology, and made them more violent and intractable than ever. The House declared him guilty of contempt of Parliament, and it was with the greatest difficulty that the Speaker induced him to apologise without qualifying his apology with a denial of the right of the Parliament to demand an apology. Eventually he did apologise, humbly and abjectly ; but when the House, in its domeney, condoned the offence and requested the Speaker not to issue his warrant, he coolly said he would now do what he would not do before but which he did-namely, make an abject andhumbleapology. Strange to say, the House took no notice of this additional insult, and the dis- creditable affair was allowed to drop. There is some difference of opinion as to whether the Assembly can enforce its Standing Orders in the matter of punishing a fractious member. The powers of the House have never been accurately defined in this respect, and it is a pity, for the sake of its own honor and dignity, that they have not. In Victoria there is a special law by which they can-and as they did in the case of Mr. Hugh George and others punish, persons adjudged guilty of contempt of Parliament. No such law has ever been applied to the New South Wales Parliament. Whether such a law is necessary or not is a question upon which there is a good deal of difference of opinion. The Standing Orders are clear on the subject ; but have they the force of law ? They provide that any member guilty of contempt of Parliament shall, on the Speaker's warrant, be committed to the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms until released when the House shall see fit, and upon payment of such fine as the House may think fit to impose ; but these Standing Orders have never been adopted by the present Parliament, nor by the last two or three Parliaments. The late Speaker, Arnold, ruled that it was not at all necessary they should be, but that they were binding upon all future Parliaments until repealed. There are questions in - volved in the matter that ought to be settled, in the interest of the Parliament itself, especially when there is a M'Elhone in the House. f\ < We (Mount Perry staff) are informed that caterpillars in large quantities have made their appearance in the vicinity of Chaffin's farm. This fresh plague, in combination with the aphis already in possession of the agriculturists' products, are not at all likely to brighten the immediate prospects, and the ravages even now committed are very palpable. A little over two years ago we remember seeing vast armies of these insects devouring the grass between here and Mount Perry, and in 1874 we witnessed the devastations wrought by myriads of them in another place. At that time these brown-striped pests travelled in an easterly direction in a body, fully one mile wide, devouring every kind of vegetation in their march in fact, miles and miles of grass were burnt for the purpose of destroying the caterpillars. Should they increase in number about the scrubs here we advise the landholders in the vicinity to at once burn them out, because from past experience we are satisfied that in no other way can their mischievous and destructive propensities be stayed. The amount of herbage consumed in a single night by large numbers of these torments is astonishing, and it would not be improbable for a man to rise in the morning to find his flourishing crop of the night before stripped to the stalks. Burn them out ; better lose as little maize and grass than trust to the appetites of these voracious pests. 