ENGLISH KAOim rAbndeed from the Sporting Life.] For some months while there has been a good deal of interest attached to the racing events of Australia English flat-racing history has been a blank, but the telegraph has been tellinz us of the great events of the English Spring, and files which came to hand by the last mail give us a glimpse of the racing year. On the 25th March the fiat- racing began as usual at Lincoln, where the Handicap with its 1,000 sovs. added proves a very attractive event, and draws every year a large field, besides being a great subject ef specula tion. Tbe attendance was not very numerous on the opening day, the races not being important; but on the second the public turned out in large numbers, one of the attractions being tbe presence of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. Tbe Brookleaby Stakes, for two-year-olds, in which 18 entered, proved a deed heat between Mr. Chaplin's filly t? Her mit — Kalipyge and Mr. Johnson's colt by The Rake — Tragedy. The latter colt engaged in the Derby is reported to be a promising youngster. The third day was the occasion of the big race —tbe LlUCOLHSHTRB HaKBICAP, Of 1,000 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, 10 ft Winners extra. Second receive 50 sovs.; third save his stake. About one mile. 122 subs., 34 of whom paid 3 sovs. each. Mr. R. Peck's b.g. Kaleidoscope, by Speculum —Recluse, 5 yrs., 7 st. 12 lbs. (Glover) ... 1 Mr. Quarterinaine East's br J. Rosy Cross, by Eosicmcian— Imposition, 4 yrs., 8 st. 1 lb. (Morbey) ? 2 Lord Wilton's brJu Cradle, by See-saw — Honeymoon, 5 yrs., 7 st. 11 lbs. (Morgan) 3 Tasael, 5 yrs., 8 at. 2 lbs. ; Lady Ronald, 4 yrs., 8 st ; Touchet, 4 yis., 7 st 12 lbs. ; Chevron, 4 yrs., 7 st. 12 lbs.; Lina, 5 yrs., 7 st. 9 lbs.; Charivari HI., 5 yrs., 7 st. 9 lba. ; Twine the Plaiden, 5 yrs., 7 st. 8 lbs. ; The Ghost, 6 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs. ; Juan, 4 yrs., 7 st. 5 lbs. ; Ithona, 5 yrs., 7 st. 4 lbs. ; Organist, aged, 7 st. 4 lbs. ; Sidonia, 4 yrs., 7 st. 4 lbs. ; Adamite, 4 yrs., 7 st. 3 lbs. ; Kismet, aged, 7 st. 2 lbs. ; Tele scope, 6 yrs., 7 st. 1 lb. ; SufFold Lad, 6 yrs., 6 st. 12 lbs. ; Doublon, 4 yre., 6 st. 11 lbs., carried 6 st. 12 lba. ; Millington, 4 yrs., 6 st. 9 lbs., carried 6 st. 1C lbs. ; Cincinnatus, 3 yrs., 6 st 8 lba. ; Trommel, 4 yn., 6 st. 7 lbs. ; Sulei man, sged, 8 st. 7 lbs. ; Lackpenny, 4 yrs., 6 s^. 6 lbs. ; colt, by Jove— Spec, 4 yrs., 6 st. 4 lbs. ; Antiest Pistol, 3 yrs-, 6 st, also ran. Betting— 9 to 2 agst Tassel, 0 to 1 agst. Kaleidoscope, 13 to 2 agst Sidonia, 10 to 1 agst. Touchet, 100 to 8 each agst. Cradle and Ithona, 14 to 1 agst. Chevron, 16 to 1 agst Twine the Plaiden, 20 to 1 each agst. Suffolk Lad and Organist. The lot arrived at the post in capital time, and at the first attempt a splendid start was effected. They ran together for a short distance, when Telescope is the middle went to the front, followed by Adamite, Rosy Cross, Cradle, Suffolk Lad, Antient Pistol, Suleiman, Kismet, Twine the Plaiden, asd Tbe Ghost. Touchet, however, on the whip hand, was ia front d Sidonia aad Kaleidoscope, Tassel asd Chevron being in the rear of the centre lot, whilst on ths left Lady Ronald was in front of Juan and Organist Before a quarter of a mile had been covered Sidonia and Tassel were conspicuous ia the rear ; when the halt journey had been com pleted Twiue the Plaiden began to tail off, and at the junction of the course Telescope ' cried ft go,' and Risy Cross took up the running from Cradle, Touchet, The Ghost, and Organist, several lengths in whose rear came Kaleidoscope, who now began to make up his leeway, whilst Sidoni* also passed several beaten horsee. At the distance Touchet, The Ghost, Adamite, and Org&ai;*t were in trouble, and Cradle challenged Roey Cro*8, and opposite the Stand all but got up to her; meanwhile Kaleidoscope, who had been hard ridden from the distance, was overhauling them, and got level at the Stand, where Cradle gave way, and Kaleidoscope, most resolutely ridden, fairly outstayed tha mare and won cleverly at the finish by a length. Three lengths off Cradle was third, two lengths in front of Touchet, who was placed fourth ; then came Sidonia fifth, in front of Organist, Suffolk Lad, Trommel, Chevron, Lina, Ithona, Suleiman, Antient Pistol, aad Lady .Ronald, who passed the chair ia the order named, while the last three were Tasael, Kismet, and Millingtoa. Doublon bolted soon after the start and ran out. Time, 1 min. 53 sec. Value of stakes, £2,000. The weather was miserable at Dintree, and on tbe first day the steeplechasing was on the whole tame. The result of the Spring Cup showed that the high stamp of horses have been put to ' timber-topping' of late, for the Oroydon and Sandown hurdle-race winners — Hesper and L&nraster; — came right away from the others, who composed more than an average field, and Lord Lonsdale's Hesper, apparently revelling in the stroDg pace which Lancaster bad set, came like a lion at the finish, and just b«at tbe light weight. The objectioH was put in that there had been foul riding and a cannon, but it was overruled. The Molyneux Stakes, which introduied a number of good two year-olds, was won by Royal, a colt by Kingcraft from Freak by Kingston. He is described aa a roan, being strongly ticked with those white hairs which indicate bis Venison descent. Caramel won tbe Payne Plate for Lord Marcus Beresford, and Jacobin carried off the National Hunters' Race. The Grand National Steeplechase produced s poorer field than was anticipated even when it was known that such horses as Congress, Regal, Austerlitz, Woodcock, and Aatidote were incapacitated from joining in the fray; that at 11.37 a.m. on the day The Liberator was struck out; and that Citizen, who was generally considered the Irish men's most formidable foe, eventually proved an absentee. The Liberator, the owner assured a newspaptr writer, had undergone a most satisfactory course of training, and it was solely because all the ' long shots' had been appro priated by the public that tbe pen was put through his name, Mr. Moore having determined to adhere to a statement which he had made several weeks ago, but had 6,000 to 1,000 been procurable on the day before the race tha horse would have run, and probably would have won easily bad he not met with a mishap in the race. This is a very bad state of things and points very surely to the decline of sport. The case of Citizen was something Bimilar. The Prince of Wales and some of the aristocracy were present. The following are particulars of the Of 1,000 sovs., added to a handicap steeple chase of 25 sovs. each, 15 ft. Second received 100 sovs. ; third saved his stake. Winner to pay 100 sovs. towards the expenses. Winners extra. Grand National course (nearly four miles and a half). 63 subs., 15 of whom paid 5 sovs. each. Mr. John Nigatingall's br.h. Shifnal, by Saccharometer — Countess Amy, aged, 10 st. 12 lbs. (J. Jones) ... .„ ... ™ 1 Captain A. Crof ton's b.m. Martha, by Coroner — Martha, aged, 10 st. 9 lbs., including 7 lbs. extra (Mr. T. Beaaley) ? 2 Mr. Moore's ch.m. Pride of Kildare, by Plum Pudding or Canary — Hibernia, aged, 11 st. 7 lbs .(Mr. G. Moore) ? .- - 3 Mr. J. Jessop's Boyne Water, 6 yrs., 10 st. 12 lbs. (J.Adams). Captain Macbell's Jackal, aged, 10 st. 11 lbs. (Jewitt). Mr. J. Hefford'a Verity, aged, 10 st. 10 lbs, including 7 lbs. extra (Gregory). Captain Davison's Miss Lizzie, 5 yrs.,10st. 7lbs. (Hun). Lord Lonsdale's Curator, 5 yrs., 10 st. 5 lbs. (Mr. E. P. Wilson). Mr. G. Brown's His Lordsbip,5 yrs, 10 st. 5 lbs., carried lOst. 7 lbs. (R. PAnson). Duke of Hamilton's The Bear, 5 yrs., 10 st. 4 lbs. (R. Marsh). Mr. T. J. Clifford's North fleet, 6yrs.,10st 3 lbs. (0. Lawrence). Mr. J. G. Blake's Tattoo, 6 yrs, 10 st. 3 lbs. ( W. Oanavan.) BettiDg— 9 to 2 against His Lordship, 5 to 1 against Boyne Water, 6 to 1 against Pride of Kildare, 100 to 15 against Shifnal, 12 to 1 against Jackal, 100 to 8 agaimt Ths Bear, 100 to 7 against Northfieet, 20 to 1 each against Verity and Martha. His Lordship and The Bear fell, at the first piece of timber, and Shifnal and Martha were alternately in the lead nearly throughout the race. From the last jump a great race ensued, in which Sbiinal gradually wore the mare down and won by two lengths. Time, 10 min. 23 sec. Value of stakes, £1,690. Pride of Kildare was third, ten lengths off, a long way ahead of Jackal. An objection to the winner on the ground of a cannon was overruled. Tbe oniy other meeting of importance was the Grand National Hunt Meeting at Hereford, where Mr. Chirnside'a Melbourne distinguished himself by winning the Maiden Hunters' Steeplechase, three miles, boating Minotaur, The Maze, and Tankerville. Mr. O. R. Friend's Filbert won the principal race of the meeting, the Grand Natioual Hunt Steeplechase. Tbe ?win of Melbourne seems to have been accom plished with remarkable ease. He was ridden by Mr. E. P. Wilson. 