THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING, SEPT lj, 1S7S. I WE 8hiiU not be ungenerous enough to say tliat Victoria's necessity is Tasmania's opportunity. In tho matter to which we refer there ia, in BO far as Victoria is concerned,- no question of necessity. There ia no excuse except in the attempt to make tho .public good subservient to private and party aims. It suited the purposes of the BERRY Ministry to say that tho Legislativo Council having rejected tho Appropriation Bill, Ministers were com- pelled to inflict on the Colony the cruel wrongs of Black Wednesday. The Council sued any other course than that they adopted ]" and though party proclivities and prejudices seem still to blind the eyes of the peoplo of Victoria, the, timo is not distant -when the calm judgment of thinking men will, UB being a blot on responsible government, point to the unprecedented and un-English conduct of a Ministry that, to gain, a party purpose, could inflict an indiscriminate wrong ; or that, to carry a political movement, could plunge into ruin or distress not only political opponents, but also all suspected of sympathy with them. Yet, told in a few words, that is the history of Black Wednesday in Victoria. We have no desire to re-open tho subject just* now. Tho timo is not opportune. Not only Victorian 'Ministers and Legislators, but the great bulk of the Victorian peoplo, may bo said to bo " like tho deaf adder that stoppeth her car ; they will not hcarkon to the, voice of the charmers, charming never so wisely." The morning has not yet como that will bring with it cool reflection. Therefore wo, at our distance and with our humble ability, shall not attempt oven an essay, Binco we know that ninny of the ablest of Victoria's public men, speakers and writers, have buen unable to stem the stream of mad democracy and blind protection that is at pre- sent converting Victoria into a term of reproach. While the Colony and people of Victoria aro »uflbring from BKKRY-BOWEN mania, the oppor- tunity is put in tho way of Tasmania of getting a much-needed work done, that, if Victoria had beon less petulant, less political and partizan, might have remained in abeyance for years ; for there can bo littlo doubt that the conduct of Tasmania in having -some seventeen years ago summarily stopped the survey of the Tasmanian coast then going on, creatod an unfavourable impression on the Imperial Government wh.ch has since prevented any advances being made towards the resump- tion of the Coast Survey. But the still greater folly of the Victorian Government has led the Imperial Government to make overtures to Tasmania for the transfer of the Survey Staff from Victoria to Tasmania ; and we congratulate the Government of Tasmania on having pro- posed, and the Parliament of Tasmania on having almost unanimously accepted, th» offer pi the Imperial Government to pay the one-half i\u> cost of surveying our shores, if wo would ftoar the other half ; and in undertaking to bear that half we must not forget .that the work Victoria was can-yin" on was a joint one, Tas- mania, and, wo behove, New South Wales, paying their quotas of the expense, .of a Biirvey which, despito Mr. BERRY'S denial, was a common not a local good ; and Mr. BERRY is but playing on tho credulity of Vic- toria when ho says that Captain STANLEY'S Biirvey was stopped becauso the work ho ?was engaged in belonged to Tasmania. Neithcrtlio «present nor any former Victorian Government was likoly to bo so generous. Whero Captain STANLEY surveyed the ocean highway, each adja- cent Colony bore, and properly, its proportion of cost, and, with tho Imperial Government, had a right to bo consulted before the survey was stopped. It is true the survey wo propose to have toado is our work. That which wus made, and hutt binn- stopped since Block Wednesday, wus specially, almost exclusively,the work of Victoria j and should it ho resumed Victoria can hardly refuse to bear it» proportion of tho cost. But we must have- no more loose and unbusinesslike arrangements; and, therefore, our pirn moro da- tant oxpci'ience, )md recent event» iii Victoria, point to the wisdom of the course recommondttd by Mr. CHAPMAN, who suggested that instead of Ministersactingon a resolution of Loth Houses the sMiotion to the survey should b$ embodied in an Act of Parliament, and the expense defrayed by rho issuo of aicbonturcs, such an expenditure, being one that die b/rlfl might bo fairly charged against our children, for whom, if wo aro leaving them a legacy of debt, wo ino preparing works of substantial and permanent benefit, The question caine somewhat suddenly and unexpectedly before the two Houses yosterîtay, and in thi$ rçspecf; wo feel bound to say' that Ministers treated parliament with scant courtesy. Tho Despatch from the SKCKKTARY OK STATE asking tho .Government's coiicvirrenco in a joint survey WAS roceived months ago, but neither through tho press nor Parliament did Ministers rocognise any claim on the part of tho public to bo made Acquainted with so important a proposition. The PIIKMIKK nutilo the yory lamo oxcuse that they did not regawl tho matter as one of urgency till tlioy received a telogram from Captain STANMJY, recently in command of the Victorian survey party, that lie was ordered to return to england, and that, if Tasmania desired to secure lim services, Minis- ters wouldlïoquiré to. send a telegram to file Imperial Government, replying to we Peapaich of the SECRETARY OF STATE for the Colonies, and asking him to countermand the order of recall. But oven the telegram would appear to have been pigeon-holed for some days, and we had, as wo very often have, our first informa- tion of an important local matter from the Vic- torian press. Sucha way of attending tothepublic business is most reprehensible, and the delay was an unsatisfactory comment on the urgency which was yosteiJay pleaded in both Hou3C3. Why was Captain STANLEY'S telegram not dealt with at once ; and if it required no expedition on the part of Ministers, whence the urgency impressed on Parliament 1 And even if Captain STANLEY had not been under orders of recall, or there had been no intention of employing that gentle- man, why not have published Sir MICHAEL HICKS BEACH'S Despatch in the early part of the session ? But for the fortuitous circumstance of Captain STANLEY'S homo' instructions having been made known to Ministers, a whole yoar might have been lost in making that survey'which, without a word of preliminary notico, they yoster day represented as so imperative. Tho*Dospatch of the SEOUETAUY OF STATE should have been made public through tho Press, or laid on the tables of Parliament immediately on receipt. When the sitting of Parliament does not afford tho opportunity for Ministers communicating documentsof importance, the Press is always open to them. Government, standing on its small dignity, may imagine that they would be con- ferring a favour on the PresB in using it as a inprliuin of communicating what they dignify with the name of State papers. But the favour Is all on i^e other side. The Government have a duty to perform, and tjio Press öfters them tho opportunity. Had it not boon for the very general desire to not lose a day in »Qtting about so important a work, Government would, in all' probability, have received such a rebuff for attempting to rush through Parliament a propo- sition with which thoy thomselves had BO unne- cessarily dallied, as would hore tnught them a Useful lesson ii) Parliamentary courtesy. Mr. RBIJIBY deemed desirous yesterday qf keeping Ministora in countenance. If they had been remiss, ho displayed a painful ¡ibsonco of tact as tho leader ' of ' a party. ' We have " more than once called "attention to the ovidoncos ho afford» of his want of appreciation of what is required of l>jm as the leader of the Opposition. He yesterday jusUfiod iyha$ we, have said^ when he committed the-sad ,mistako of acting, its if it wore a necessary and proper part of his duty to object to whatever Ministers propose. Ho rarely, if ever, takes I'ino to consider the effect of the propositions of Government If ]te does not believe that whatever Ministers do must pe wrong, he acts as if ho thought 80, JNot other- wise would ho have offered Hie opposition lie did to the proposed survey. But he erred still fur- ther, and il) a manner that showed how little adapted ho is to take a leading part : how inca- pable of understanding jilio leanings of his party. Could anything be moro humiliating than to hove taken a stand which his party almost to a man refused to support. True, he was backed up by Mr, O'RWLLY, who has of late fallen into the error of fancying himself a Parliamentary authority, and that it is incumbent on him to express his opinion on every subject before the House i but too often, and this was notoriously tho case yesterday, he is simply captious and factious. Mr. HENRY too must come to the support of his chief. But that should not surprise any ono, Ho recently toîd the Houso that ho prided him- self on being a good, a thorough, party man, and lie yesterday justified this character ho gave of hhnself, for his arguments were all in favour of that Buryey against which ho' voted. The Opposition as a body realised the importance of having our coast surveyed. Noai'ly all tho arguments, had any been required in favour of the Ministerial proposal, caine from the Opposi- tion benches, AJld in this respect, as in tlio absence of any railipvy talk;, yesterday's pro- ceedings wore a relief from the usual roiitino of recent Parliamentary debate. There wa> mani- fested, if wo except the leader of the Opposition in tho House of Assembly, a largeness and liberality of view, and a freedom from party influences, that wo oonld wish to see prevail much moro largely in our Parliompntary dcliberitions. Mr. DOOLEY was justified in saying that it was a reproach to Tasmania that tho work of survey had not boen long since completed ; and tho survey of the rivers which ho desiderates may bo eil'ected when the outside conditions are made known. But there would have been little use of surveying rivers to which there is no known approach, except by that sort of survey, which Mr. AIKENHEAD truly said is a most expensive' ono, and .that is the only one on which we now .¿Lirionil-n_Hnf.-ni_np9ot- Wo haye said nothing of the wisdom 01 committing tho proposed survey to Captain STANLEY. Next to tho necossity of the work, its recommendation is in his appointment, In both Houses thoro was a porfect unanimity as to his merits. His professional abilities are of the highest ; and, what may not be treated with indifference, ho has acquired a local knowledge of our coast that must stand him in good" stead while carrying on tho work which we hopo will bo immediately commenced ; for if so, ho may bo able io' afford, groat facilities, even this summer, to tho exploration and prospecting of tho West Coast, by rendering access moro safe and certain to the sevoral rivors of which little except their names and some faint idea of their volume of water are known. THE LEOISLATIVK COUNCIL.-The consideration of the Main Lino Railway Interest Bill occupied nearly the wliolo of a five hours sitting of the Legis- lative Council yesterday. The provisos proposed to be added to the bill by Mr. Grtibb for the protection of the colony against tho rapacity of ,tho Company, were thrown out on a division üy nine yoteB to five. Tliejjreamble brought up by Mr. Innes, narrating tho history of the railway disputo and tho roasous which induced tbo passing of the bill, was adopted. The third reading of the bill was set down for Tuesday next. Tho Real Property Amendment Bill, and the Railway Puicbase Sanction Bill wera road. a second time, and the third readings ?nado orders of tho day for Tuesday next. The second readings of the Volunteer Bill and the consideration of the resolution of the Assembly on tho defences wero postponed till the same date. One of the petitions relating to the Electoral Act, presented by Mr. Gellibrand on Thursday, was, upon his motion, ordered to bo printed. The Council adjourned till Tuesday. HOUSE OK ASSEMBLY.-A petition from Campbell" Town was presented yesterday by Mr. Dooley, praying for an alteration ii> the scale of voting for municipal and road trust elections. Among tho notices of motion wore two by Mr. Douglas, one for referring the Presbyterian Church Bill to a Select Committee, and the other for an address to the Governor to cause to be placed on the estimates £45,000 for making a road from Wynyard to Mount Bischoff. The Colonial Treasurer, by leave, proposed a resolution affirming the expediency of entering into arrangements with the Homo Gouernment to proeuro a marine survey of tlio coasts of the colony upon,tho terms set forth iii the despatch of the Right Hon. the Secretary of State to His Excollency tho Governor, dated 5th June, 1878. After à lengthened discussion, the motion avas carried by a largo majority, and transmitted to the Legislative Council for their conclirrenco. Tho Public Works Act Amendment Bill was read a third time and passed. The Post Office Bill was further considered in committee, and reported with amendments, the amendments to be considered on Tuesday, Tho Electoral Hill was further considered in committee, progress reported, and leave obtained to Bit again. Tno House adjourned at 10'20 till Tuesday at 4 o'clock. TICK Hosi mi Scvsmi -The Hospital scandal is expanding The original complaint referred only to the mode of burial of tv« o deceased patients of the Hospitil hut yesterday, at tho meeting of the Board, one of the members, Dr Bright trenchantly exposed what ho termed the " disgusting and oflui sivo ' want of decency and ordei in the management of the dead house He said that it was complained that no rcsppct was showij for tho deid at all, that a dirty and blood stained sheqt .» ould pel haps bli till ow n oser one coipse while others «em left .without a rag to co\ cr them, ami fiym his own ob&on; ¡jtiun ho could siy that these complaints were not without justification He called the nttention of the wstting Loinmitteo to the matter, as hi thought they miüit fitly give theil attpntiQn to it while they were in \ estimating t)ic interment scandal, Dr Smart, tho ellan man, could only say that a fortnight ago, when his attuitiou was diawn to the sfato of the deadhouse, it had boon thoioughly cleansed, and that in futuro it was intended to make tho house surgeon lesponsiblo for its proper keeping Rules had ueon made for the proper regulation of the morgue, but ho could not my they had been acted up to Dr E Crow ther vscribcd the discredit able allegations against the conduct of tho dead liouso as having arisen from tho fact of its being connected with the anatomical school, and urged that tim two should bo completely isolated from each other. Dip visiting committee announced that they had sit se\ eral times for tho un estimation of the cemetry revolutions and ijiat their report would shortly be presented to the Board ERRATUM -In our notice of Mr Morton Airport's funeral tho chief mourner, Mr Cecil Allport, was referred to as the second instead of the "eldest" son of deceased. Mr. Curzon Allport, who arrived from Melbourne, was also erronously mentioned as the son instead of the brother of deceased PuiiLicAiiof -Wohavo rccoived tho Australasian Insui ana. and Banhnq Reconl, the second "put, treating of production, of the Statistical Register of South Australia ; the report of the Chief Inspector of Mines, Victoria, for 1877 ; and the quarterly re. port» af the Viotonan Mining surveyor» and regis- trar». J NEW TELEGRAPH STATION.-We are informed that a telegraph station is now open at Chudleigh.' SOUTHERN TASMANIAN AOMCOLICRAL AND PAS- TORAL SOCIETY.-By the B.S. Tamar tho bon. secretary yesterday received the presentation cups to be awarded at tho forthcoming show. _ Thereare eighteen altogether, and aro well worth inspecting. The most prominent, being by far the finest and the largest, is one offered by Mr. Joseph Clarke for the best morino ram exceeding two-tooth. This cup stands neully IS inches high, and is a splendid pieco of workmanship. Tho pedestal is of black polished wood, and tho cup is chassd and embellished in tho most artistic and beautiful style, two rams being engraved on one part. The competition for such a pn/.o ought to he very keen, and whoever wins it may bo congratulated upou acquiring possession of one of the most elegant cups wo have seen. Of tho others, six arc given by Dr. Agnew, Mr. "J. A. Gunn, Mr. Headlam, Mr. W. C. Bowman, Messrs. Wilson and Burbury, and Mr. J. F. Walker. These are smaller than that presented by Mr. Clarke, but aro. very handsome. Tho remaining oloven, given by the Society, are also attraotivo ; and tho wholo of the cups, taken togothor, form a group which wo seldom see here. Each cup is tastefully chased, besides a figure to represent the particular olass of exhibit for which the prize is to ho given. Tho name of the'donor and Society are engraved, leaving a space sufficient to fill in tho name of the fortunate winnora. The cups werp specially manufactured by Messrs. Walsh Bros., of Melbourne, The manage- ment deserve some praise for their exertions in securing such valuable prizes, and we Bhall be dis- appointed if the competition at tho show does not surpass that at any exhibition held under the aus- pices of the Society. The cups will be on view to-day in Mr. A. P. Millers window, Liverpool-street. We understand the cups will be exhibited in Launceston next week, when those attending the Northern "show will have anopportunityofseeingtheprb.es for which very many of them »re likely te compete. VoLUKTisii ARTILLERY.-About 1Q0 of tho Ar- tillery corps mot at the drill- room, Macquarie straet, lagt ovomnjs when, after the ordors had been read out, Captain Crowther statod that gunner Pem- berton, who had been guilty of insubordination on the occasion of the recent volunteer Artillery Ball, had apologised to the officers, and had paid the fine inflicted. Gunner Neal} having failed to apologise,, for a similar misconduct, pr to pay tho penalty in which he had been mulcted, was dismissed from tho corps. If a good standard of ejïïcienpy niid dis- ciplino is tobo maintained, those ants of insubordi- nation to officers, should reoeivo severe monition,' and it is to bo hoped a salutary check will be the result of the action taken in this matter. A general parade of the Artillery is to take place on Friday evouina, ÍJQth ipet. fop insnection by Lieuteuo.pt Colonef St. Hill. 1llie momberij will iîiu8'toL'"at the drfll-yard ou Hie 21st inst., at 3.ÍJ0 p.irj., for a march out. _ SOUTHERN TASMANIAN RIFLE ASSOCIATION. The mouthlv handicau rillc match will take'place this (S itiirrtay'l 'aftériihon, commencing, flrst squad, 2 o'clock sharp i-G. Cresswell, A. Norman, Is. J". Hampton, ii. T, Colo, J. Martin. Second squad, half-p.ist 3. E.. BoJrd, T. Ikin, E. Drake, . J. M'Donald, C. It. Atkins, WRECKS INQUIRY BILL.-An influential meeting c4 ship-owners was held at the office of the T.S.Ër Company, Franklin Wharf, yesterday. There wore" present- Messrs. B, M. Fisher,, 0. Dowdoll, W. P. Green, B. B. Armstrong, J. Mackay, A. McGregor, H. Chesterman, Kennedy, W. Sherwin. W. Fisher, J. R. Gourlay, and E. J. Freeman. The latter geutleman was voted to the chair, and explained tho ob jeot for which the meeting was called, viz., to" take iutfi consideration the Wrecks Bill now befoia 'Parliament, Captain' f'sliPi addressed tho meeting, and pointed out that some of the olousea in tho proposed hill to amend the inquiry into Wrecks Act, 1874, would bo found to be projudical to the in: terests of shipowners generally. Mr. E. M. Fisher, then read to the meeting a paper he had prepared, bearing upon the question, and which particularly referred to tho clauses which were considered objectionable: Captain Uouilay supplied infoimotion from tho British Merchants Shipping Act. Mr. McGregor also spoko pn tluj rmcrtion, and stated that ho agreed'with previous*-speakers; that i ho clauses referred to in the proposed Amended Bill would be found injuiious to shipowners. On tho motion of Captain Fisher it was lesolved that a deputation ffqin this mootjug wait upon the Govern- ment without delay, to confer with thom as iq tllf bill now before Parliament ¡ and the Chairman was requested to arrange for the deputation meeting the Government j after which tho meeting broke up. A TASMANIAN AT HOME.-By the mail news has been received that Mr. C. J. Pike, son of the prin- cipal of tho City School, Hobart Town, has passed the drat year's proljiniiiaryscioiitilic examination at the Loiutpn University, being placed in the first claBS. Out of upwards of 200 candidates who pre; sentcd themselves at this examination only 95 passed. Mr. Pike, it will ho lomcmhored, is a Gilchrist scholar, and was granted £400 by Parlia- ment as compensation for the IOBS of a Tasmanian scholarship. Mn. HUBERT MILLEU.-Dr. S. L. Millor's numer- ous friends will bo glad to hear that his son, Mr. IT..i.~-». »rulo,., lins passed Ilk ("'«, «vimi»»tlo»., aud is now a licentiate ot the Royal College Qf Physicians of Edinburgh, and a licentiate of the Royal College of Surgeous of the s»mo city. This has occurred [says the Kram'mçr) twelve months soonor than was cxpootod", tile branch of the Medical Council for Scotland having reoognisoil as one of the four years of professional study, required by law ; tho peiiod he spent at tho Launceston Hospital. This remission of time, however, imposed a heavier burden on him in other ways as he had to attend all the classes and lectures at tho College and ?Hospital, do all the dissections and laboratory work, and preparo himself for the various examinations in the shorter time. But ho accomplished the task and did it well, having taken honors in scvon different classes during his pollegiate carper, the last being the first prize in pathology, a subject taught (at the Glasgow Royal Infirmary) by that Dr. Foulis who gained such ap'plauso lately by his successful removal of a diseased larynx and substi- tution of an artifical one. Tho final examination was very still*, no fewer than soven out of eighteen candidates having been rejected. It was probable that Mr. Hubert Miller Would go to London and see the practice in the hospitals there and in further professional study before returning to Tasmania. Cn Y POLICK COURT.-The Police Magistrate and Mr. Salier, J.P., attended at this Court yes teiday, when Josoph Graham, on a charge of stabbing, mid John Sullivan, on a charge of assault- ing a constable, were remanded to tho 17th inst. A female offender, for being drunk and incapable, was (¡ned fls. Mary Ann McGuinneas was convicted of using abusivo languagojwfd misconducting! her- self towards Win. Wratliáll, aud as she had been proviously punished on two occasions for a similar ofleuce, she was oidered to pay a fine pf 40s. Gd, with the option of spending a month in prison. Catherine Bradford, who had previously been con- victed of larceny, was charged by Maria Wilson with stealing a pair of boots value 8s., on August 29\. The prisoner stated that on the evening of the 29th she was drinking with the prosecutrix, and that next morning she was authorised by the prose cutiix to pawn the boots with the view of obtaining drink. The statement that sho made in court was consistent with what she said when pawning the boots ; and it appearing that the prosecutrix was not unacquainted with the interior of a pawn shop, and according to her her own admission had several "nips " of brandy and sundry glasses of ale on the morning in question, the prisoner was discharged, when she gleefully sought the consoling companion- ship of the Court veteran, Margaret LeGresley. THEATRE ROYAL.-Haly was re-produced list night to an audience which thoioughly appreciated the meiits of tho comedy. The second act is one which would keep any assemblage in a ripple of merriment, the situations are so comically arranged, and so intensely provocative of laughter, One or two of tho peiformoi8, however, scorned to have but au indistinct remembrance occasionally of their parts, and consequently tho pieco did not run so smoothly as it might have done.' In a third pro- duction tliero ought to be very little necessity for the prompter. Taken as a wholo, however, the act- ing was ci editable, and tho comedy'one which many persons profer to Our Boys. The peí formalice con- cluded with A Mod'.l of 'a ' Wife, in whioh Mr. Wheatleigh, who has shown most versatile talent, assumed tho character of a Frenchman in an admir- able manner. The same' pieces will be played to- night. , D'ARCY READ'S GHOST.-Tho Town Hall was again well tilled last evening, when the U/tont enter- tainment was repeated to the evident satisfaction of the audieuco, who testified their appreciation of tho performance by frequent applause. There will bo a performance this afternoon at half-past 2, when the samo programme will be produced. t COSL'UHT AT BuifliriQN,-A sacred concert in connection with the Congregational Church at Brighton, took placo last night. A special train was laid on for the convenience of those in Hobart. Town who wished to attond, and it started at a quarter to 0, conveying nearly 100 passengers. The evening being lino, tho trip was enjoyable. The concert commenced at a quarter to 8,.the church being crowded. Mr. I1'. J. Tiiuson presided at tho harmonium, and MÍSB Stevens at the piano- ' forte. Tho concert was a great success, and terminated at IO. The train arrived in towp at 11 '30. SUNDAY SERVICES.- At St. John's Church, Macquaric-stroot, n children's service of song will tuite placo in the evening. The liov. Jas. Scott will deliver an address. At tho Mariner's Church, the }\av. J. Scott is expected to conduct service at 3 p.m. . THE RESULT OK STONK-TIIROWIXU. - An old woman, named Eliza Allon, residing in George street, was admitted to the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a cut on her forehead, which was caused by a blow from a stono thrown at hor, it was stated, hy her daughter. Tho wound having been attended to, she left the institution. ' Mu. VARL'EY.'-After a lengthened absence in Adelaide Mr. and Mrs. Varley (says tho Southern Croix) have returned to Melbourne for a brief sea- son, both of rest' and service, before leaving for Now South Wales, It jii.pt improbably however, that in consequeuco of tho serious illness of a near relative, Mr. Varley may have to return fur a, short time to Knglsnd. TUB BAR-MAONBT WITH THE GRIAT^ST POWSR or AiTEAciiojf.-A pretty Btf-suid, FOOTBALL.-A match will be played at Now Town this afternoon on ground * kindly lent by Kev. A. N. Miuon, between sixteen of Now Town and a similar number from tho City School ; play to com- mence at 2-30 p.m. slurp. Tho following aro the teams :-Now To« n-S. Hughes, K. Taylor, C. Snowden, W. Fisher, T. llignoy,-C. P. McKay, C. McKay, J. Miller, H. Cato, J. Hughes, J. Dawes, E. Wright, W. Stephens, R. Dickens, A. Cato, and H. Rnrrett Thot City School : T. Marsden, J. Mooie, T. Tiiûi.tt, U. Tnllett, W. Brownell, V. Ellis, W. Wise, C. Hay- wood," J. Eyles, A. - White-, T. Wilkinson, C. Lindley, C. Watkins, A. Allwriglit, F. Frankcombe, and William Ma'.hows. This afternoon thu annual costume match in connection with the City Football Club will talcojilaco .Ion their ground, commencing at [3 o'clock. There «ill bo a collection on tho ground in aid of the funds of tho club. THE "DEMON BOWLER."—Vanity Fair of July 13 has (says the Argus) a capital full-length portrait of the "demon bowler," the name by which Mr. Spofforth is known in English cricketing circles. Like previous sketches, by the same artist, of "man of the day," the likeness exaggerates the peculiari- ties of face and figure so well-known hero, but it falls short of caricature. In its letterpress, Vanity Fair supplies the following information concerning the parentage of the ''demon bowler":-"Born one-and-twenty years ago in Sydney, Mr. Spofforth is Australian by origin and breeding, yet like all the better kind of Australians, he is not distinguish- able from an English gentleman. He comes indeed, of a good English family, being the son of the late Mr. Edward Spofforth, of Howden, Yorkshire, who some 40 years ago distinguished himself by accom- panying Captain, afterwards Sir George Grey on an expedition to rescue the survivors of an exploring party which had adventured into the interior, He subsequently married in New Zealand the daughter of Captain M'Donnell, one of the earliest settlers in that colony, established himself near Sydney, and in due course of time prosented to his adopted colony the boy who has become known as 'the Demon Bowler.' Mr. Spofforth has been affected to the trade of banking, which he is still learning, rather than practising, in the New South Wales Bank. The love of athletic pastimes, which has been imported from home by the Australian colonies only to be increased and improved upon, seized him at an early age, and from his school days up he has been known for his quick eye, true hand, and good judgement as a bowler. He is withal of excellent manner's, modest, and diffident, and has become a favourite with all who have known him in England. One of his sisters married a brother of Lady Lyttelton, whose step- sons are considered by the Australian cricketers to be the finest batsman they have encounted since their arrival in England." CRICKET.-TIIQ arrangements for importing the expected team of gentlemen cricketers from England have been completed. The first match will be played at Adelaide on the 12th, 13th, and Ht'> Depembpr, ana t))0 next in Melbourne on Boxiaig Lay, when it is j¡rpbo.t>le (writes the Melbourne correspondent ot the Geelong Advertiser) that many of the mombers of our most successful Australian toain will have returned to tho colony, and will bo ablo to compete on Australian soil and endeavour to wipe out their defeat at Lord's. Subsequent matches will bo played in this colony, Now South Wales, and Tasmania, The Gentlemen's eleven has not.as yet been fully 4qtpjrn,iued upon, but it is expected that tho following will bo included in it, although before their departure'some alterations in the list may be made. Mr. J. P. Walker will lead the team, and it ¡Bat present contemplated will have for his colleagues-Lord Harris and Messrs. It. D. Walker, A. N. Hornby, A. J. Webho, A, P. Lucas, T. S, Pear-son, p. A^ Absojom, P. Penn, and G. H. Longman. - The eleventh and omorgenoy mau have not as yet been indioated, but it will be observed that tho team is a strong ono, Whilo on this subject I may mention that the M.C.C. havo re- solved upon retaining the services of Kendall, as professional bowler to the Club for the ensuing season, and the appointment has elicited general expressions of satisfaction. THE Balmain (I\T. S.. WO Regatta will take place on the utli November. There will ho an eight-oar race in outriggers, for bonajide amateurs members of a rowing club| with coxswain. The prize for the winning crew will he £100 if a crew from any of the . neighbouring colonies compete. A MEETING to arrange preliminaries fqr tho Black, Brush Ploughipg matoh ¡,¡ tq take, place at the ¿jordan. Inn this evening. Tun annual meeting of the Brighton Cricket Club is to be held this evening at the Crown Inn. A MKKTiNO of persons interested in the Lower Jeru | salem Cricket Club will be held this evening at the Half-way House. 