THE LATE CARDINAL ARCHBISHOP CULLEN. Last evening at St. Joseph's Church at seven o'clock, the office for the dead was recited, for the repose of the soul of His Eminence, the late Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin, Primate of Ireland, be, a Panogyric being pronounced immediately after the office. The church was decorated suitably to the occasion the Oratory draped in mourning, as also the catafalque, which was surrounded with lighted candles, and surmounted with choice flowers and a scarlet hat to represent a Biretta. The priests in attendance were the Revs. Fathers D.F.X. Beechinor, M. J. Beechinor, C. P. Woods, P. R. Hennebry, M. W. Gilleran (New Norfolk) and Martial Mary, a French Priest. Fathers Woods and Heimobry officiated as Chapters. The obsequies were similar to those which took place on occasion of the death of Pius IX. At the conclusion of the office, the Rev. Father M. J. Beechinor ascended the Oratory and pronounced the Panegyric, taking for his text, "I have laid help upon one that is Mighty, and have exalted one chosen out of my people, "-Ps. lxxxviii,, v. 20. He then said, a great sorrow has come upon the Church. His name was known and honoured in every land. He was a man not of words, but of works-of works whose effects are felt, and will live long in the new world as in the old, beneath the Southern Cross as upon the soil of St. Patrick. He was a man after God's own heart simple, humble, unassuming as a lamb, yet mighty and firm as a cedar of Lebanon. Chosen from amongst the people he was exalted to a place among the Princes of the Church. As a Pastor of souls he was watchful, and toiled in season and out of season. As an advocate of that education which the mind of God approves he was as a tower of strength which no storms could move, or he was as a lighthouse placed to guide and to warn, on what, in his day, was a vast and tempestuous ocean. His counsel was prized and deemed prudent, even in the Privy Councils of Popes. He revived devotion to the Madonna, even in the " Island of Saints." He was mighty and Chosen from among many "I have laid help on one that is mighty, and have exalted one chosen out of my peoples' Ypij know I refer to the recent and lamented death of His Eminence (Cardinal Cullen, 'Archbishop of Dublin. A few days ago flowers PF-Ougiif 15 the sad news that he was no more. We hesitated to bcjlGV'P it we hoped he still lived. But a day later, that the; years was confirmed by the additional item that about KOO priests and thirty bishops had assembled round his coffin and his grave to offer prayer and sacrifice that God may grant him "eternal rest." But a month ago we read of his being present in Marlborough-street biitJipdral with many priests and bishops to chant the Inn eral dingo on the mortal remains of the young bishop whom Plus IX. had selected as his pvvnrepresentntive to go and give peace (and he gave it to Canada. Who would have then thought that V'tllill one short naphtha they wqpht who assembled again in far greater numbers and with sadder hearts, but without their great High Priest, to sing another funeral song, this time over himself, their father, and well-beloved pastor. Death often comes in batches. Perhaps you have noticed that those who are closely united hero in faith and friendship, sometimes die together. Bishop Conroy was the spiritual child of Cardinal Cullen. They laboured hard together for God in the land of their birth, UiidPod willed it that within almost the same minister they B'IOIIUI wing their way together to the better land. "Paul Cullen was born in the beginning of this century, on 2!)th"April,'i&01, almost beneath the shadow of Kildaio's holy sin and" of parents who were full of faith and full of virtues We are informed be over afterwards loved to pay a quiet value to the old home of his fathers. He received his early education in a school where the famous Edmund Burke, was also educated, at least, in his young days. He next proceeded to Qurlow College, that nursery of learning and piety, where he ri)bbed much of the spirit of the illustrious. J. ly. L,,' and where his uncle, Father Maher, spent many years. The centre of the Church has always had great attractions for those whom God destines for high and glorious things in His ministry. The young heart of Paul Cullen yearned to visit the fishing Apoitolorum, the shrines of the apostles" God granted] his wish. He entered the hulls of the )yprld-reiiowneil Propaganda in 1820, while a position tender years. This seat of learning now became 'the fond home of his youth and early manhood. The simple, humble, Irish boy, gifted by God with on intellect of the highest order, soon made his mark among the students gathered to gather from every nation under Heaven." In the time of Loo Kin bp was selected to make a public dispute, qr dijfcijpp of thpF^jth an universal theology that canon law.' Thqolpgiuns fruit all parts, of Jtoinq were fnviteit'lo chiefs who solids t"P'r' objections,. So satisfactory was the deficiency, so complete the answers of the young student of Ireland, that all true that John said now renown was given to the Propaganda, and Loo XIII, placed a crown a wreath of laurels on his head the highest honor conferred in that city. Gregory XVI. was at this time Cardinal prefect of the Propaganda. When he became Pope it was his delight to visit that institution. He pleaded so sOInotimos in disguise, prayed with the írlIAWitSi * conversed' with them, and then would make himself »viiQwn much to the joy of his young friends. The CairiQl'Atfi or fund Cullen was' h Sir favourite. It is said that one day on leaving the twilight )jp turned suddenly to the students of that Caineratii who were about him and said, " Is it not delightful to think that all who are here will 0110 day he Bishops V" The words were a prophecy. They me all become Bishops. Kenrick, Archbishop of filthiness; Hussein, Patriarch of Armenia j Messor, Archbishop in puMibip ; iTCfimioi', Bishop of Pittsburg. It is also, related that certain Roman theologians having prepared matter on the Subject of the Immaculate Conception, not yet defined, and {lavingpfosontod it to Gregory for examination and approval!, the Pope asked had "Don Paulo" soon and ojiprovell.1 They answered in the affirmative "Then," said he, "that is sufficient for mc. 1 (desire no better authority." Paul Cullen was ordained priest in 1820, and now rapidly rose through all grades to the highest in the Propaganda-Rroteot of Camaratii, Professor, vice-rector, and Rootof. It should here be said that up to this time the Propaganda was partially in the hands of priests of the illustrious Society of JOSEPH The Revolution of 18 compelled them to fly. That Revolution shook every throne in Europe, Rome was in peculiar danger, Pius IX., himself had to try and eat the bread of exile in a strange land. But what of the Propaganda 1 It is one of the most important institutions of the Church. It is the hope of the foreign missions. Itisonoofthogrcutestgloriesof Home, Plus looks round, where should he iintlunocclcsinsliowith courage, prudence, learning to place at the head of that college at this hour. He CUBIS his eye upon an Wsli priest-Paul Cullen. Yes, he was the man selected to take the reigns of Government at that perilous hour when Garribaldian hosts were at the gates and the kings of the earth know not how they would fare on the morrow. Paul Cullen would, under, other circumstances, hesitate to accept of so I high an office, but not this day no accepts it, and I might bravely did he discharge its perilous duties When the Revolutionists threatened it he flinched not When the danger was greatest he once or twice unfurled the British in g He saved the college What wonder then, thattwoyeuis later in 1890, he is appointed to fill the See of Patrick and Plunkett, the last martyr for the faith in the British Isles In 1852 the first event Archbishop Mm lay was summoned to his eye aid The See of Dublin was vacant What will the Brdiops now find a spiritual chief' They say, they consult Rome, Peter lives in Paris, and once more Pius points to Pud Thou are my man, he says, or rather you are " the man of God Go thou ascend still higher in the Church, go fill the chair, and wear the Mitio of St Lavvionco 0 looks " On the 3rd of May, 1901, the finding of the Holy Cross, he found his cross in the See of Dublin A heavy cross it was indeed, could the eye of man but see it However, he bore it be a day till the other day, when merciful death gave him his first in his last rest And now let us consider him as a Bishop He devotes all the resources of his great mind to the Education Question 0, how far seeing, uncompromising and persevering that mind son. this vital subject Primary and University education receive his attention the humblest school, as well as the highest, is the object of his tender solicitude Soon, through his zeal, teaching orders extend their branches east, west, north, and south Convents and colleges multiply till Dublin becomes a little Rome " the British Government see it, a mighty effort is made to counteract or frustrate the Queen's Colleges are established, one in each of the four provinces, with many inducements to ensnare the youth of Ireland But the great Pastor Paul sleepeth not, gently yet firmly he appeals to the country The foe is a strong one, the bait is tempting but fear not, he says, they who are with us are more numerous than they that are against us Invisible annies combat at our side Angelic spirits are in our rear and lead the tan He marshals his goodly host 1 le then appeals to Rome, Pius condemns the Godless Colleges The Queen's University Ireland is now struck by God and smitten with barrenness From that day forth its li ills are partially abandoned, and if the members of that days British Gov eminent were this day to visit the grave of 1 ml Cullen, they could truthfully point the finger at it and say, "Othou whose ashes are here in the sloop of the tomb, thou hast conque! od " He founded the Catholic University and before the sleep of death closed his eyes they could see that already it could almost rink with the Sapienza, the Sorbonne louvain, of Salamanca Already could they see that All Hallows had sent its missionaries to the "uttermost bounds of the earth," that Clouhffo was supplying nigh sufficient priests for his beloved Dublin But it is not Ireland in Dublin alone th is also indebted to the departed Cardinal Not a school, of convention college of the many now existing in Maitland, Bathurst, Brisbane, New Zeal and," the Cape of Good Hope, Hobart and the Canadas of America which does not owe much of the educational spirit that animates it (if it have the right spirit, to the spirit that has so lately taken its flight from our earth to the home of angels Where discipline had become relaxed among the security of legal u glory or in the convents of tepid Monks or foolish Nuns it was again strictly enforced Devotion to Mary was revived and scarce a great festival of the " Queen of Heaven" declared that a Pistol al was not issued ordering a triduum, of a Novena, or a Mission, in a word he in his way renewed the face of the earth" in his diocese Those who were favoured to meet him in the pin into or social circle can testify, that they never saw more child like amiability and humility It was my good fortune once to spend a week under the same roof, Maynooth College, at in annual retreat, I saw him in the i eel cation ground I saw him in the Refectory, I saw him in the chapel, I saw him clothed in his Cndnial purple, leading about 100 priests from one in ice to the other I saw him listening with the attention of a green student to a lowly Vincentian fi nu who preached to us, and I can say that each gesture of the body, each feature of the face spoke to me that the simplicity of this lot and the prudence of the sa port were united in the mind of that High Priest When I read the other day that he it is dead, I seal died among letters I had from old and valued friends, and found one of his, and Oh, how like himself, concise, simple, humble, yet thoroughly businesslike Well do I remember the day he ex turned and gave me, with another priest were present, our first mission "Pay attention," said he to your pic thing and you will find how thankful the good people will Net or shall I forget that counsel, and that Bishop and that people in fell ho it is, I used to the dignity of the pin pic Ho ty is now a Prince in the House of the Lord ' And we have it from the lips of Pius IV who never spoke a word to signify he himself had any special hours from home, that when he made Archbishop Cullen v Cardin in he fell it was the result of a direct inspiration of the Holy Ghost you have now seen him as a student among the students of " every a nation under heaven You harassed him ruler of one of the greatest seats of learning on earth, and as Archbishop of two important lees Gousidci but now as a peacemaker in the Supreme Council of God s Kingdom among men to stagger to her would be to spoil my subject, I shall therefore carefully avoid it 'The Vitic in Council, was whether we consider the place where it was assembled, the President (fins) who is arched over it tlicchuactei and the learning of the men met there the questions debated, and the results to future ages, of those debates was without my doubt at all the most august and important assembly whatever met on this met I have it from an eye witness, one whose accin icy in statements of this kind all know, our own Bishop til it There note some ten on twelve f ithciB tihosoiu^unientsaudeloqucnco produced an punishable effect I overcoat tuning even those was the Can dim the Archbishop, whose lest we mourn to-night His or tion changed to some extent the whole motion a ELIX It of the Council, and gave to the discussion more than elm trees of a debate, but to his time each other who spoke excited the Council to an el isolate carefully prepared! and carefully delivered address Cardin vi Cullen instead of following in this path took note of the objections of the lnoppoitmiists,' i of ii had them in such a m story manner that such great men as Swarzes berg Dupanloup, Macllilc and Kenrick appeared butts children in his family So great was the effect of that address, that for days after aids the struggle thing to the residence of the On dural was blocked with our pages of signatures going topic sent then felicitations So great was its effect, that Bishops of licitud, Ennl mil, Scott and, Australia and America soon after presented to him a special address of congratulation Other works of his it is not mine to tell Angels hat of Scoular them in God's eternal bool, turn the Pu matter," in "Guiadi Pacified' the Americans tell us should henceforth be the epitaph on the tomb of the gentle Bishop Conroy, But who selected him Pius IV But under what advice' line of the Cmdiual, now dead whose special son he was On Peter's Pence in one year, about the 1,000 went from Dublin to the J leasing of the Pope a few years ago Whose walk w isit ' He is of the generous people to be sure but monsoon then Chief Pastor When the late Pope died he sets out for Home, that he may give his voice to the election of the new one the weight of years and the genes of the mine' worn well for Hill dQyeais, are telling upon his consti-. futurity flu had to be well slowly, and when he arrived, Lee MLC was in the cb m of Peter Ho swordsmen fidelity to him then shed item on the grave of Pius, mil returned to die it would appear, in harness, and in the midst of his flock I have done, 0 may assent still keep vigil over the flock he filled and loved so well, may it watch over every school, come out, and college in the wide otton of the Church May it influence each one of us people, guests, Bishopstone like unto him, meek humble, unassuming, yet over him, fearless, and uncompromising in the discharge of our duty to God 'The orators of 1 rather beachhead which was one of the most eloquent of a delivered within the walls of St Josephs, took late and tim ty minutes in the deed as j, and was heard with profound attention by the congregation this morning at 9 o'clock a solemn Requiem is to be celebrated at St Josephs, the most Hot the Bishop of Hobin b loth to pt and , after which there will be solemn Absolution, utpa tumulus 