THE SUNDAY MEETING: There was a good healthy ring in the Sunday meeting held in the Protestant Hall on Monday night. What was very marked was that the bulk of the meeting consisted of " working men," as if to tell the1 legislature that they understand the Sunday -question far better than their legislators do : and then the Dlatform showed that the friends of the "working men " are not those politicians who would -turn the Sabbath from a day of rest into a day of amusement, but those whose .'office it is to preserve the sacredness of ithe day. The meeting therefore answered the Legislative Assembly in the two chief points which had been alleged) and on the false pretence of which the resolution of the famous nineteen had been passed, viz., that the working men and the majority of the clergymen were in favour of the open ing of the Free Library and the Museum on the Sabbath. The working men of Sydney crowded the hall to say " No,"' and the clergy came to the platform to say " No." A few noisy infidels and Hyde Park scoffers in the meeting did; indeed call out " Yes /' but their " yes," in - support of the Legislative Assembly nineteen, only made the cry all the more absurd, and showed its falsehood ; for the demonstration was before them, both in the working men and the clergymen that every such " yes " was not true. Mr. Hurley, we suppose in ' one of the "bilious; fits "to which he is prone on Sundays)' went to the meeting, and; in the;' worst of taste, exhibited the side on which' he has ranked himself in this ques tion ' There : were- hundreds of working men 'in t the meeting, and there were) up wards of twenty clergymen present on -the platform,' both of whom he' had alleged were in favour of his resolution j but in the meeting; instead of sitting Quietly to seo: what was to be seen, and 'hear ' what was to'be 'heard) her actually rose from his place -and went' to the small knot 'of noisy infidels and Hyde Park scoffers who were disturbing the' audience, and ' tried ; from their , midst to- niake himself- heard ': by proposing : to ask question ! By - this "bilious " proceeding- he showed at once on which side he chose to stand. It was indeed humiliating to' him, if he had not been too bilious to see it. His -friends pitied him and sincerely wished that his medical man had given him a pill or two to clear his Head' and vision.' But the people of Hartley,' who are not afflicted with, the trouble which has recently be fallen / their member, will see . that they are .'dishonoured; and" misrepresented j! and will: probably resent what their member has done. The question which Mr. Hurley was going to propose to the chairi man wasi probably this, "Shall - 1; ; have liberty to speak to the meeting in reply 17 If that were so, we regret that the "chair man clid 'riot allow him to speak ; !for- ibis: speech;- would have been the- best 'proof; which the meeting could get that. he - was; utterly incapable of arguing the question. It 'needed only that he, and -his newly chosen side, the infidels and scoffers who surrounded him, should have been allowed to speak to convince anybody of the smallest ! intelligence: that :the movement in favour of opening the publics-institutions on the Sunday is an anti-religious one, and is not ; helped by either the " working men " or the " clergy." Had the Dean, Dr. Steel, and the other speakers sat quietly : and allowed Mr.- Hurley and his small knot of supporters to do the talking, the meeting would have been convinced that ignorance s and passion -and religious hate are 'the real enemies to Sabbath keeping ) for a more pitiable display of all these could scarcely have been made anywhere than that which was made in the Legislative Assembly when the resolution was carried. Mr. Hurley, Mr. Greville, and Mr. Windeyer, who may be said to have been the "chief speakers" on the occasion, ought to be ashamed of what they called the " arguments " which " brought down the House." Mr. Hurley and Mr. Greville said only what was harmless folly ; but Mr. Windeyer took higher ground, as became the learned member for the University to do. The height of his flight however only made his fall all the more fatal. He quoted " history," made assertions, referred to Luther, and philosophized; but he has only covered him self -with disgrace, if he is yet capable of the virtuous feeling of shame, by a lawyer like attempt to impose upon the jury by " boldness " and vociferous shouting. Most shamelessly he asserted that the early Christians /wofes£ec£ against the keep ing of the Sunday ! What he meant no. doubt to say was that they refused, to keep the Jewish Sabbath, lgnorantly reading this he jumped at the conclusion that they protested against the keeping of the Lord's Day ! Most shamelessly he said that the Christian courts weie opened on that day as another sort of protest against the keeping of the Sabbath, while the fact was just the contrary ; for the courts were shut on the Sunday, unless for cases which were really' cases- of con science. But Dr. Steel has given the " learned " member for the Universityan f answer which ought to quieten him ; for; ever. Working men will see that the Chair man of the Sydney School of Arts, and ! Member for the University . is- a ; sorry- " friend ", to their class, to whom - to ! commit their.Sunday rights. They have only to see . that the drift of : his f pleading , was that their holy day should be turned into a holiday. God has given them a , day of rest , but , Mr. Windeyer would give' them a, day of amusement (which is always v a dayday of ordinary labour). -xBut-it: would be -a sorry change fori New. South Wales and . the world if Libraries, Museums,- , Theatres, Public- houses, steamboats,, picnics; and musical displays in parks and gardens -were, to.1 be accepted for churches,-, schools, and quiet repose. - By all - means, give .the working classes time to im prove, themselves; j but take that time from the grinding demands of . the ; world, and touch , not the sacred time -which, invites man to think of his soul and eternity. ; . ; Our correspondent " Mark Antony," in our last -issue . gave onr , readers arii account pf .other, " empty boxes " at;: St.. Mary's for which they; 'would scarcely be prepared; Everybody, has imagined that the' shop at St.- -Mary's was driving a roaring trade, and- that moneys was!: coining . in like a a; shower . of : hail. M.Wheri, you. see the Archbishop, driving in his carriage, covered over -with gold,, fine- linen, and scarletj you would-- ; naturally, : thitik;; that his bank account? was large and , . his income ; great; So ; with the) priests) . when they, turn out in -their.).best')'and"so;;with) St. Mary's, when . fiowers and: carpets and rich hang- ings help to give; stage; effect to the '-'High Altar." , But it appears that i all this may beias falae'andjhollow.asthe other,preten- , sions of Popery; ,- Plenty / of : 'shops ; carry on- their business with) paper , and .kites;) make a good show, and then come;- down with a crash. :;So.- it -appears ? St. . : Mary's has been doing ) - for; -when the accounts 'were -rendered 'last, ; Sunday — -that / is, ; the : debtor side; of ;the :account,;for. the .people (are Hnever; told ofi!.-.the ; creditor side— the; .'affair -was i declared rail .but . bankrupt, and ; the Archbishop: all .but -threatened i that, if; icash' was mot forthcoming; he; would iprob- ably "go back to the place from -whence he came,'xifnotito:be hanged, at least to ! be- gibbeted. There is .something) however, .bewildering in the accounts. Eor example, ; DriiYaughari. sa!id that, he had to borrow .£400 . to f 1 .pay his: expenses from ;; "England to Sydney. Whether that has been repaid! or, not,, he has not said ) but after arriving thus' in the colony with less than nothing, we find him : borrowing ; £2000 to pay for the priestsMiouse.nexti St;::Mary's; ijHowi it came to; pass that 7te had to do this,, and; riot .!Dr.vPoldingi 'whot was Ythe.Vprincipal while Dr. Yauglian was only the assistant, he does not say) but, probably, as "he found all the moneys of the archdiocese iri- inextricable confusion," and the affairs of the diocese upside down, he casheered Dr. Polding and superseded him in the money management. But immediately upon this borrowing, we find Dr. Vauglian paying A1700 out of his ownpoahet — a pocket in which there was less than nothing ! Out of the same marvellous pocket he has paid the interest of the borrowed cash. Out of the same wonderful pocket he paid £1000 for renovating St. John's College, to be his episcopal residence. Out of the same inexhaustible pocket, which is like the widow's cruse, we find him paying £270 a year for the music of St. Mary's— - for the hire of anybody — theatrical or pro fessional, to set off the grandeur of the Cathedral ) but the pocket now refuses to give out £300 needed for the repairs of the priests' house ! But while this story of' :the pocket is astonishing and perplexing, the next part of the accounts is still inore suggestive of bankruptcy. It appears that there are 1014- sittings in St; Mary's,' 39 of those are reserved for the clergy, for which, they pay nothing. This 'leaves 975 open for being taken by the parish ioners. But only 395 of these are so taken and the cost of ! them . is only -£1' each per year ! Tlius. there are 580 sit-V tings in St. Mary's to let ! And the- most cruel thing of all is, that while only«395 of the sittings, are taken £143 ' due on those sittings are not paid ! It this -be not an exposure of kite flying and tick ' we don't know'what is, or could, to. - It' thus" appears that, the Catholic people are not so easily " taken in and- done for" as some of us suppose. No 'doubt' crowds of women and, children go to St. Mary's, and there always - appears a roaring trade being done ) but these figures: tell 'their own'tale? The people evidently think that what they get is' not worth their money. The Arch bishop's conferences — his fine displays of his 'silk and gold— instead of " having the effect of influencing the people to give money . to the' "poor church," has had the effect'-of qiiietly telling th'e people that the church, is ricli, and does not need money. The Archbishop's wondrous pocket, which can give .thousands of pounds for the splendour of his reign when there is noth ing in it, has told the people to button up their pockets. The Archbishop's boast about ; his aristocratic family arid pure blood from ' England, has had the effect on the knowing Irishmen of St. Mary's of making at ease) ;saying,v" England has a right to pay .for Ireland." But. how chop- fallen the great Doctor must be who came here to be more Irish than the Irish, and to tell the world that he is a Catholic first and an Englishman after ! We hope that lie will feel a little more humiliated before long. . We shall help to make him feel so)V We shall encourage the people to ask : .for .the worth of their money before they part with. it. When they ask bread,, don't ' let them be: satisfied with stones. The,"- pions ladies" whom Father Mahoney . and Uather Petre are going to " hunt up,"' that -they, may collect money to keep St. Mary's .from " going up , King-street,"' ought to ask I to see the credit side of- the ledger,., and; aslc how. all tlie-r- money- is.-- spent , which the poor people pay into the- coffers of St. . Mary 's. , A terrible : case: of, a Protestant; in sulting Catholics lias just occurred), whioh'we feel bound:; to expose, as illus trative of how a Popish, mob- , may, justify -itsiviolence on a Protestant lecturer. ,The- Rev. i Charles x Clark;,- !i8i; about ithe last. \- person who might be suspected of intend ing- to insult iCatholics.: : He might iather- , be ;> accused . of doing ;a few things . which .arerintended to conciliate them ) but; be cause in ,his historical sketches 'he cannot- but- allude , to certain absurdities which existed ; 6e/ore the Reformation, and be cause those allusions cannot but provoke a .smile ; at the, credulity of Englishmen -when they were slaves to the Pope,, and, before the 'light of the Reformation broke, in upon them, he is broadly accused. ;by: Freeman .of " insulting Catholics," and,, so far, the Popish mobs, which always aim i to , defend, the Church, are bidden get up itheir. usual howl against the rev. lecturer- as-, "-insulting the. Church." The circum stances are these) as published by Freeman,. and as justifying beforehand any Popish mob which may choose to purchase the Popish luxury of paying two shillings, to go to Mr. Clark's meetings to intimidate and assault him : — Mr. Clark when lec turing on " Westminster Abbey," alluded to the time when there was kept in the Abbey a "phial said to contain some drops of the blood which fell from Christ's side while he hung on the cross." That the people might the more readily believe that this falsehood was true, it was said that the Patriarch of «I etusalem and other great dignitaries certified to the genuine ness of the article kept in the' phial. It appears that this phial containing so pre cious a substance was said to be lost ; and the "joke" of Mr. Clark was that he re marked that what the Patriarch of Jeru salem thus testified to, " must be true." Freeman resents this a " gratuitously in sulting joke." He doe3 not wish that such a fact should be referred to at all. He does not wish that Mr. Clark should say that what the patriarch Said on such a matter " must be true ;" and, lest Papists should see the impudence and im posture of the story that any phial con tained drops of Christ's blood, as it fell from the cross, Freeman raises the usual cry that Mr. Clark' is " insulting Catho lics." Freeman therefore admits the truth of Mr. Clark's history ; he only winces under the exposure of the imposture of the story. Is there any man of senBe who could do otherwise than lament that there ever was a time when the people of England believed such a falsehood, that the Abbey contained a " phial containing drops of the blood of Christ 1" And when the falsehood is added, that the phial was lost, is it possible to do otherwise than to say that if the Bishop of Jerusalem really certified that the phial and the blood were genuine, the tale is true, and it cannot be doubted? This, then, is a specimen of how Protestants "insult Catholics." It is a new proof also that the charge of "insulting Catholics" is got up to secure Catholics from believing that the expo sures which history makes of the rascality of the priests is not to be credited as true ! After this the abominable libel that " Protestants are insulting Catholics" simply because they are exposing the tricks and impostures by which priests of old gained and kept their power over the people, ought not to be believed. Rascally priests of Westminster Abbey used to show a phial to the people and get them to bow down and worship it, because it contained some of the drops of Christ's blood. Mr. Clark is accused of " insulting Catholics by referring to this, and saying that if the Bishops of Jerusalem certified to the genuineness of the article, it of course must be true ! — as true as if he were to certify that the moon were made of greeh, cheese. Thus Catholics are in sulted by, the truth and thus to please Catholics, the truth must not be told ! A ' certain Father Hennebery, from America is at present in New Zealand, as an Apostle of Temperance among Romanists, selling sashes, pledges, favours, and other trinkets and making money ; but his last role has been to preach " on education." We shall give our readers an outline of his sermon that- they may see i how Popish priests do not scruple to " insult Protestants " when they think that they are safe from the watching eye of Protestants. He took a text — "Fathers bring up your children in the discipline and correction of the Lord ;" but like all Popish priests whom we have ever seen or heard of, his choosing a text was part of the imposture ; for not only did he not once allude to his text, but his argument was directly in the teeth of its teaching. Any person of sense would understand the Apostle, when saying, " Ye fathers, bring up your children in the discipline and correction of the Lord," as telling parents to train, teach,, influence, and religiously educate their children ; but Father Henne bery understands something very differ ent, and he quotes this text as telling parents not to teach them at all, but to send them to State provided schools, where denominational creeds, catechisms, and other nostrums are to be learned! The Apostle distinctly threw the religious teaching of their children on parents ; but Father Hennebery quotes the Apostle's words to enforce upon parents the duty of sending their children to Popish schools, where their religious education shall be undertaken and attended to by teachers whose salaries the State shall provide, and to threaten parents that if they send their children to schools where Popish cate chisms and histories and legendary lives of saints are not taught, they shall be regarded as infidels and be refused absolu tion and all other sacraments and com forts of the Church ! Such frightful abuse - of Scripture, could not be repeated but by those who know that their hearers will never do what the Bereans. did, compare the priest's words with the Scripture words and see whether the things spoken " are indeed so." Taking it then for granted that Popish parents will not do what the Apostle teaches parents to do, and taking it for granted that Popish parents will never examine for themselves what the Apostle did enjoin, Father Hennebery goes on to insist that parents shall do what the priest tells them to do, viz., to send their children to Popish, denominational, and State-paid schools, if these exist, if not, to schools which the Church provides, but on no account, and under the penalty of perdition, to go to Public or secular schools ! Then next, for the benefit of Papists in Dunedin, Father Hen nebery slanders the American system of education, and calls it infidel, because it offers secular education to the children and leaves their religious education to the parents whom the Apostle enjoins to teach them religion ! He says that in America there are ten million Protestants and ten million Romanists, and twenty million infidels, directly in the face of the Year Booh -of America, which gives a population of forty millions — and of these twenty-seven millions are returned as seat- holders in churches, only two millions of these being Romanists, In comparison with the other denominations the figures are, in round numbers, two millions Papists, six and a-half milllions Method ists, four millions Baptists, nearly three millions of Presbyterian, and nearly one million J ews. Yet this priest tells the Dunedin folks that in the States there are ten millions of Papists ten millions of Protestants, and twenty millions of infidels, who have been made infidels by the Public Schools, and that of the ten millions of Protestants many of them are yearly going to the side of the infidels. Then the priest says that one of the fruits of the Public School system in America is, that five millions of babies are yearly murdered in America, before they see the l\ght ! Then he describes the Public School ' system thus — " If God comes to the door of the school-house, wanting to see the children and to do them good, the schoolmaster, by the authority which he has from the State gives God a slap in the face and tells him to be gone — ' go away J esus ! we do not want you here ; you have no right to the children although you have died for them !' " Then Father Hennebery assures the Dunedin Papists that if they send their children to the schools of the Church they shall be a " crown of glory to them in heaven," and " that God will then be proud and blessed JLnen lie takes to cursing and anathema tizing all who have favoured the Public School system, including the legislature of New Zealand for establishing such a system, " Eternal woe to the infidels who have established a system of education that the present generation of men may be led out of the knowledge of God and of religion ; not only will this woe fall on the legislature, but upon the parents who send their children to those infidel schools ; boys and girls in hell will curse the parents who sent them to Public Schools, and call for vengeance on them even though they should be in heaven ; nay, all heaven will call out against those parents when they stand at the judgment, because the children are in hell in conse quence of the infidel school education ; yes, and the vengeance of heaven toill come against the fathers and mothers through all eternity !" And then, as a conclusion to such cuising, the priest con cludes by advising the priests and bishop of Dunedin to give absolution to no parents who will not send their children to Catholic institutions where such insti tutions exist !" — Such, then, is Popish sermonizing about " education." . Such is the vile rubbish which is daily poured into the ears of Catholic people to scare them, to compel them, whether they will or no, to put their children in the power of the priest, that education may be so manipulated that it shall do for the next generations what no education did for the generations past, viz., made them and kept them slaves to the priesthood. The plea on which all this foul cursing, called sermons, is heaped up on the heads of Catholic people is, that they may be kept from turning " infidels." No such thing ; it is that they may be kept from turning Protestants — thinking, independent, and intelligent men. The priests have found out in America that the Public School system destroys their power over the children. Notwithstanding all the mil lions of Irish Papists which have yearly gone to the States, their number in the States is fast declining. In fact, they lose more yearly than immigration gives them; because the native-born children of those Popish parents, going to the Public School, learn to laiugh at the assumed authority and ignorant balderdash of the priests. So, in desperate resolve to save the children, that is, to save them to Popery, the priests are everywhere up in arms against the Public School. Of course it would never do for them to admit that their object is to keep and subdue and rule the children for the Church, and so the false plea is raised, it is to save the children from infidelity and hell. But it is all grimace and gammon. The American people can see through the tricks of Popish priests, as the people in Dunedin and of these colonies will yet see them. The text of Father Hennebery will be a mallet to knock the head of the Church in pieces. Let the religious educa tion be given by the parents, as it ought to be, and let the State schools be reserved for the giving of those branches of educa tion which belong to the State, and then Popery will give up the "ghost" to be exhibited in the Guild Hall, Castlereagh- street, Sydney, as a laughable phantom to idle people for a copper or two for admission. We confess to have been a good deal " disedified " by our perusal of Father M'Carthy's oration on Pius IX. The reason is, because we always thought that the rev. gentleman, from his intercourse with Protestants, had underneath his Popish training a certain modicum of common sense. We have been "disedified." Father Tim comes out now as strong and bold and wordy and illogical as Father Vaughan does, in avowal of the Papacy. The suspicion crosses our minds that the prospect of elevation to the apostolical succession, for the vacancy of Armidale may be the reason. A humble priest may not be quite so pronounced a devotee of the Curia as a bishop ; but what will a priest not do who hopes for elevation ? Will he not suddenly be possessed by the " espirit de corps " and show that he is sound in all the traditions ? Hence Father Tim has been singularly put forth to make orations of late. It did not used to be so. A test is being made of him. He is being committed to orthodox views ; and by and bye his utterances will be weighed to see if they are sufficient to make a " bishop " of him. Well ; Father Tim made a great oration ; and he held up Pius as the very pink of perfection — a father to his people — a father to every body—a good, ruler — a great Pope— a great saint — and a man who was privi leged above all others to see and interpret the signs and wonders appearing in the " heaven of revelations.". But in all this effort to extol the late Pius, Father Tim torgot that he was making worse the dogma of the Church, " that the soul of such a man should be burning in purga tory," and that his case should be so bad that at least for a whole month he should be suffering those torments, and need the prayers and masses of the priests in Sydney to get him "repose." Then Father Tim went on to speak of Pius as having been the hope and refuge of the whole world, and he pictured " all eyes as turning towards him, and all hearts as feeling after him " " as their divinely appointed father and guide," and as having had given to him to feel the "full force of his Master's words, ' Thou art Peter, and on this rock I will build ray church.' " Was Father Tim not ashamed to quote these words ? Did not his conscience prick him when he pretended to find the Pope's supremacy in these words? And did he not tremble as he took them into his mouth, and inter preted them, contrary to the solemn oath which he has taken? Father M'Car thy kno ws quite well that he dare not interpret that text as applying to :the Pope, and thai he has sworn not to do so. , He knows that in the creed of Pope Pius IV., which e'very priest and bishop is bound to accept and swear,; to, he.; has expressly engaged himself not to interpret Scripture esccept in " accordance with the unanimous consent of the Fathers but he knows also, or we are able to show him, that some of the most eminent of those who are called Fathers distinctly deny that Peter was the " rock," and affirm that Christ, or the acknowledgement of Peter, was the rock referred to. But here, parrot like, Dean M'Carthy sets up the chatter about "Peter and the Rock," just like the bishops whose trade would be gone if they had not this text to twist and squeeze like a nose of wax, for their own benefit. But what has " disedified " us more than this practical "handling of the Word of God deceit fully," was Father Tim's extraordinary balderdash about what Pius saw in ' the "heavens of Revelations." He tells us that Pius " clearly saw and interpreted " the truths which God had made known in the heavens of Revelations. As he saw them, he was filled with admiration, "and he determined to make them known to the toorld." For example, " he saw a woman clothed with the sun of justice, the moon of human frailty under her feet, and a crown of stars of the brightest virtue sur rounded her ; he saw the heel crushing the serpent's head; he saw her represented under types and figures that were excep tions to all the laws of nature ; he heard prophetB describing her exceptional perfec tion ; he heard angels saluting her as the blessed one among women ; he saw and heard much niore ; and he, Pius, invited the prelates of the whole Church to fix their gaze on this beautiful object, and declare whether they thought with him ; and, as they did declare that their view was the same as his, he proclaimed to the whole Church and to the whole world, that Mary was immaculate !" This no doubt was thought to be very fine poetry and figure;, but the merest child would call it rhodomontade, and the silliest stuff which could be uttered — practically deny ing the Pope's infallibility, but escaping this heresy because it happened that the dogma of the immaculate conception was decreed before the infallibility dogma ! — Our disedification was complete when we thought of Father Tim becoming a prophet. He closed his oration by prophesying the most fearful disasters to the kingdom of Italy. He spoke of the " faithless chil dren" who had rejected the Pope , and chosen a king ; he said that those who had taken away the Temporal power were infidels and villains ; he declared that triumphant injustice would soon be over thrown, and that Europe would recover from its delirium of falsehood and villanies ; and that infidelity and brute force and sacrilege would give way to Papal piety and the renewed exaltation of the " Sovereign Pontiff;" — Oh, thought we, Father- Tim, be easy ! Dear Father Tim, take care. What will be the conse quence if your prophecy fail ? What will you say if King Humbert be still more successful than King Victor? What will you say if the faithless children of Rome, the infidels and villains, to whom you refer, don't go to ruin but rise to honour and fame ? Will not the future Bishop of Armidale be liable to go wrong like the past Bishop Mahoney — whose apostolical succession was of very little service to him ? The latest telegram states that the new Pope has delivered his first allocution, and that it "approves of the past Papal policy." Nobody who knows anything of the Roman Curia would doubt that this would be done, even although it was clearly the intention of the new Pope to abandon or modify the policy of the late Pius. Falsehood, intrigue, and duplicity are so essentially a part of the Popish system that such a publication may have been intended to be a stroke of Popecraft and diplomacy, to put people off the track, and to indnce the vulgar to say, " see the Church is unchangeable." We do not say that the first allocution was intended, to be this ; but we say that the solemn decla ration of the new Pope that he intends to follow the policy of the late Pope, which he must necessarily do i/" the late Pope was infallible, looks very like as if there was some tjeceit under it, as it is just as un necessary as it would be for an honest man to pass a solemn resolution that he will honestly do what is honestly his duty. But let us see. Does , the new, Pope intend to be a prisoner in the Vatican, or is he going to pass down the streets of Rome as his predecessors used to do? Is he going to lie on a bed of straw and eat bread and drink nothing but water, because the King of Italy has taken the throne on which" he ought to sit? Is he going to begin a series of Papal fulminations against the Govern ment and King of Rome ? Is he going to utter pitiful appeals to the so-called " Papal nations " to come to his relief by attacking the Italian forces, and driving them out of Rome ? Is he going to pat France on the back and tell her that she is the beloved daughter of the Church, and that her bayonets will be . blessed if she would turn them against the throats of the vile usurper in the Quirinal ? Is he going to send a golden rose to Spain, and coax the young king, now that he has got a wife, with the blessing of the Church, to gather his armies and pick a quarrel with King Humbert to decoy him to destruction ? We shall wait and believe it when we see it. Leo XIII. may be a very bold lion, and he may have all the love for blood which lions are usually supposed to have, but what can a lion do when its claws are drawn, and its teeth are extracted ? Only growl. We doubt not that Leo will growl ,and snarl and look fierce, and wag his tail ; but all this will be as harmless as the growling of the lions in the menagerie-shows which travel the world to give fun to children by exhibiting lions. "Italia" is not to be scared by. such growling ; her sons may laugh and study, natural history. 