We must really ask pardon of our roadors if necessity compels us again .to refer to that boto noir of tho colony, the Main Lino of Railway, But after what took , place in the Houso last evening wo cannot do otliorwiso. lor our own . part, wo boliovo that if .thrco business men were to como togethor tho matter would be suttlod nlnioat off hand. All ! but thoso business mon, it appears that, as far as tho colony is concerned, they aro (t rara avbs .in term." At any rato, the moun tain has brought forth a mouse, and the company nt length havo tho prospect of : obtaining: a "quid pro quo" for tho exoi'tions they, havo made in running a train service between- hero and Laun ceston.' Well, wo havo .often, heard that half a loaf is bettor than no broad, so if the commissioners shonldhappon to fool an appotito for moro, wo foar they will havo to suck thoir fingers. Whether or hot tho Ministry.-. tiro corroot in their opinion ns to tho interest duo to the cont% pany, is a matter upon which wo enro not to ; give an opinion. Tho Ministry havo applied to tho liighest bar talont in England, and havo received its opinion, but it seqms that Mr. Douglas has entirely sot aside the opinion given , with so much legal acumen, by showing that the ruling of the Privy Council in tho case of tho Davenports in Queensland was a mer« question of landlord and tenant, . and conltl not bo citod as a proccdont in deter mining the rights and wrongs botwoen tho Government, and our Main Lino of Railway. For our own part, we ask, ovon supposing tho Ministry , nro able to carry thoir proposition, how much nearer are we to tho goal tlwn wo wore boforo I It . is ! true- tho. company will receivo somo £30,000, and when this is paid, the con tracting parties aro as far of! a solution of!tho difliculties as they wore before. It D idlo to say that tho honest intentions of tho colony will bo publicly indicated, for no one ovor doubted tho good will of the country to pay its just debts. Re pudiation is a very ugly word, and hitherto no portion of Her Majesty's dominions liavo over thought of so very convenient a method of paying thoir debts. Unfortunately, the whole trans action has boen a series of blunders, and we cannot acquitoither party of having had their fair share in making the u broth " exceedingly unpalatable. We are decidedly of: opinion that the Government aro acting unconstitutionally in askiug Parlirinent to'sancbion thoirSpropositions. Thoy ad minister tho public business of tho colony, consequently it devolves upon them to arbitrate for its welfare, quite indopon- dontly of Parliament; and wo think It was fairly put last evening, wlion a comparison was drawn between tho actions of our ambassadors to tho Ber lin Congress, and. tho actions of our present Administration. Thoy undertook a: most difficult task, and happily for Great Britain, sho had men at the lioad of affairs who did not shrink from the duty imposed upon them, and who, on thoir return, rocoivcd the utmost congratu lations, not only from their fellow countrymon, but even — an almost more difficult honor to obtain — tho re- spcct of all ' continental 1 nations for the results of thoir labors. The matter must bo nottiod, and settled speedily. Tho procrastination hns had the most pernicious offcct upon the woll- being and progress of tho colony, and tho matter can only bo satisfactorily settled by giving tho company what is their due. Lot us have no higgling; - we' aro in a muddle.' There cannot bo the slightest doubt about it ; and it is only mon who can take a comprehensive and statesman like view of the position from whom help, in the hour of neod, can bo expected. If the prosent Ministry feel themselves un equal to the task, if ;thoy find that, of. thoir own selves, thoy cannot solve this most momentous question without appeal ing to Parliament to assist them, then wo feel it our boundless duty to give thom this pioco of our mind — " Mako room for men who have moro confidence in thoir powers of action.'1 Tub House of Asskmiily.— 1 The Assem bly met yesterday . at the usual hour. Several notices of motion were made ; then the Premier rose and said ho was sorry, to inform the House tliat ho lmd been unable to coinc to an agreement with the uoinmis- sionors in respect to tho Main Line Railway, although ho had faithfully and honestly done all in Ins power to come to a settlement. At one time he did consider the matter ns settled, but was disappointed when the agreement oamo to be formulated. Ho did hot .think they lmd a legal right to their demands, bnt he did think they had a moral right to the interest from November 1, 1870, to Juno 80, 1S7S, less the loans advanced to tho company by different Governments. Ho would, therefore, ask 'the permission of the House to be allowed to move that the Houso at como future day go into a Committee of Supply, when he would introduce an Appro priation Bill dealing 'witli' tho. balance- ' of interest due. He was aware that the Stock Exchange in? London had refused to quote the Main Lino stock 'owing to. non-payment: of the guaranteed interest, and ho did con sider it advisable that the interest in the form he hnd mentioned should be paid. Mr. Reibcy moved tho adjournment .of the House until 4 o'clock tlio next day. Ho thought that the Minisfcry'lmd acted tin-5 constitutionally,'-' because thoy had no right to come down ' to tho Houso and ask it to becotno responsible, as thoy (the Ministers); were the: Executive, and responsible to the Houso 'for their acts and deeds. Thoyi.had 'full; powers; of. notion, and liOj(Mr. Reibey) considored that, some torms, of, .agreement should have been arrived : at,, ; It was unfair !to suppose that the' Opposition could in any way be saddled with - the non- success of the Government. He'hod formerly stated, and he repeated the assertion, that thoy (the Opposition) were prepared to lend the Go vernment every assistance- in thoir powor. They were in possession of a circular from Colonel Grey, which had just been laid on. the tablo of the House, and, he .thought an adjournment: advisable,' in order that; me'm b'ers should have timo. to .tako tlie, coutcnts- of the circular into 'consideration;- Messrs:- Balfc, Lewis, and O'Reilly supported tho Jnotion of adjournment; and tne Premier, 'the Minister of Lands, the; Attorney-General, and Messrs. Douglas, Lette, and<iAyiiitehead. "oppbscd. Tlio motion was lost. The business of tho House was resumed, two bills were passod, and two others advanced a stage. The House then adjourned. ileaislatiyk Council. — Tho"' adjourned debato on question'— That a select committee be appointed' to inquire into the present state and condition of the' Main Line Rail way, "'and' 'all other matters in connection with the said railway, niul tho Tusnmuian Main Line Railway in respect to its transac tions, with the Government of this colony, with power to send for person aud pnpors — was resumed by Mr. Cliapmau, who re iterated the same opinions ho had so frc- 'qucntlv given utterance to upon this subject. He did not say anything now. Dr. Crowtlier , .opposod tho.appoiutmont of tho committee at this stago of the proceedings, when iicgociatious were pending between the rail-, way company and tho Government. Ho characterised tho appointment of the com mittee at indecorous, indecent, and inoppor tune. The doctor mentioned that lie had 1 1 card Mr, Lord had furnished a report with, reference to the Main - Line Railway that liad not as yet seen tlio light of day, but which stops would bo taken to have a cony laid upon tiie tablo of tlio Mouse of Assembly. Thodoctor'sspcceh was a masterly production. Mr. Inncs deprecated the appointment of the committee, now its proceedings could carry no weight, and instanced tlio unfair mid partial manner in which it conducted tho examination of witnusses last aossion of Tarliamcnt, aud tliafc if tlio Legislature would insist upon the appointment of such a committee now, ho, would call it a despotism, a tyranny,' that would bo viewed as An attempt to intimidftto one party to tlio con tract by tho other exercising a power which, as a Legislature, was incoinpatiolc with that fairness and impartiality to be looked for in such a body: Messrs. . Grnbb and Cameron supported the motion. It was passed by eight to three, aud the coinmitieo chosen by ballot wore Messrs. Dodcry, Grubb, Robert son, Aikenhead, Gellibrnnd, Chapman, Jus. Lord. Tho appointment by ballot was a great farce. A .majority predetermine there shall be a committee, and they appoint their men. ' Mr. Innca ou thiB .occasion, beeauso he - told the »ccrots?of the peculiar way witnesses were examined, was purposely excluded from sitting on this com mittee. Ho announced that ho would serve on the committee, and try and dispense justice between the Government and the country. In what light will tlio country now viow the proceedings of a committee so constituted I It appears from a reply of tho Colonial Secretary's, to questions from Mr. Innes, that the opinion of English counsel with reference to tho Main Lino Railway was received in the colony on May 21, but that no date was affixed to tiie opinion itself. The California Thistle Bill, and tlio Merchant Ships' Officers Examination Bill were read a third time. Tho Salmon Act, ami ' the Hobart Town General Hospital Bill (with amendments) wcro read a first time. The Trout, and the '.Letters of Administra-' tion Bills were postponed, tho former for a week, and the latter till to-day. Mr. Tunes gave notico that he would call atten tion ou Thursday to .tlio replies of tho Colonial Secretary with regard to the date of opinion of English counsel on the Main Lino Railway question, and the date of its receipt by the Government. At quarter- past S o'clock tho Houso adjourned till 4 o'clock to-day. Tub Dki'dvation Authority. — In the House of .Assembly Inst evening Mr. Gelli brnnd moved that the power of attorney "f the commissioners deputed by. tlio Main Lino Compnuy be laid upon tlio table of the House. The Speaker informed the hon. inomber that that could only be' done when lie had asked the Government if they were in possession of the document. The hon. inombor acted according to the ruling of the Speaker SupitKMB Court.— Tlio Civil Sittings in this Court wero opened yesterday morning by His 'Honor Judgo' Dnbson, and tho first case set down for bearing was not nearly finished at tlio adjonrnmoiit. It was that in which Mr. R. B. Wiggins sued Mr. John Dogravos for £3000 for breach of contract in failing to give him possession of the Royal Oak Hotel (which stood upon the ground on which the plaintiff was to erect a building for the defendant), .and also for wrongful suspension of the work. A strong bar Was engaged, and tlio cross-examination of the first witness, the plaintiff, had not concluded when tho Court adjourned to ten o'clock to-day, by which time tho jury will have inspected the incompleted building. Royal Commissions.— Tho remarks re garding Royal Commissions in our yester day's leader applied, to tiie recent usurpation of 'judicial functions in Victoria; In cases of administrative necessity we consider a Royal Commission "of great utility, and we certainly advocate such a commission to enquire into the working of our prosent laiid laws, to commonco its sittings during the present parliamentary session, Thbathb Royal. — The attendance at this favorite place of amusoment last night was again numorous, ,Boucicanlt's sporting drama, "Tho Flying Scud," was produced for tho second time. Tho piece ran' very smoothly from beginning to oncl, Mr. Wheat- leigh's acting as the faithful old trainer, Nat Gosling, being one of the truest pictures of real life wo nav® had tho pleasure of wit nessing on tho'stage ; whilst Mr. Newton's Jumping Moses was the best thing that gentleman lias done during his stay here. Mr. Barry .performed tlio part of the cold blooded blackleg, Captain Goodge, accurately niul well, as did also Mr. Byrne in Tom Meredith, and tho acting of tiie minor parts was far above the average. Madame Lcgrand, as Julia, went through wlmfc she had to do iti her usual graceful and ladylike' manner. Miss Henderson's Kntey Ridcmit was a spirited performance. Tlio drama will be repeated until further notic®, and we would advise those who desire to see a really good piece well put upon tho stage, to pay a visit to the 11 Flying Scud." Youxa Men's Christian Association.— A numerous and influential meeting of the members of this newly-formed association was held in the Freemasons' nail, Murray-, street, last ovoning. On tlio proposition5 of the -Rev.' -G. Banks Smith,'' wliicli 'was seconded by Mr. MftcfaHano, Mr. Dowdell .took the chair. A great deal of discussion oil tlio work of the association was indulced in by the Revs. J. Scott, W. C. Robinson, Smith, and Messrs. Kirk, Cane, Baton,' Hamilton, Cramp, Dr.5 Benjafieldi and several others. It was proposed by the Rev. J; W. Simmons, i. and seconded by Dr. Benjafiold, "That the committeo be re quested j to -secure . rooms at a rental not'ex-i cceding ,-£50 per annum bnt it was after-, wards withdrawn, , the following .being substituted- oil the motion of 'the. Rev.' '.G, B. Smith, seconded ' by Mr. Hamilton, "That this meeting adjourn till this evening fort night,' .at 7.30.\ with instructions' to tlio committee "to ' furnish"'' a' final and1 definite roport in: respect to, securing suitable pre mises, hnd'ft schome of operation for the society;" -The mimber of members now en rolled is 03. A meeting of the Bible class will bo held in the ball, on July 5, at half- past 7, when .tho. Rov. V, Smith will. pre side': tho'subject for discussion will'bc takon from the 1st chaptor Acts of the Apostles, r : St, Mary's Cathedral Fund.— At tho two last meetings in connection with St. .Mary's Cathedral building fund,3 held in St. Joseph's - schoolroom, tho. following..1 sums- were announced : — £87 10s, 10d., collected at. St.- Mary's .and .St.' Josoph's on Sunday, July 25, in .which is included £25 : from . Ilis Excellency the Governor ; £26 handed in by: tho Rev. D. F. X. Becchinor from tho Rich- mond-. district! aitd £16 Is.. Gd.: collected in both churches and town, in which is in cluded £5 -from Mrs. Humphreys, two in stalments,. and £2 from Mrs. Coonoy,' Jeru salem ; amounting altogether to £129. 12s. 4d. Attention was directed to the bazaar to.be hold in January for promoting the interests of tho Cathedral. Many ladies, have very kindly offered thoir services,' ' and are' busily employed in'propnring works of art calculated to attract admiration. G ; i y -.i 'd I A Dangerous .Street. -Harrington- street, near tho intersection of Patrick-, strcot, is A' dangerous thoroughfare for .vehicles traversing it. at night.:. Last oven-. inga. chaise cart, nearly, came to grief over a huge looso boulder of about 1 cwt.#, the lamps being jolted out of their sockets. The Corporation officiala will do w«tl to remove such obstruction ,Tiik Hon. CMerkdith.— An address lias been taken round : and largely signed,' says the "Devon Herald," hy Mr, Meredith's constituents in West Devon, expressing their continued confidence in him as their repre sentative, mid rogrot at tlio unsatisfactory state of his health. Thoy also express a desire that ho shall retain his sent, but apply for leavo of absence during the rest of the session.. It . is f understood tbnt Mr. Mere dith's .friends Brat waited, on Mr. T. M.< Clerkc, of the Penguin, to ascertain if he would consont to represonfc the district in tho ovenb-bf'-MrrMercdith's retirement, but ho doclined. , . . < D'Aroy ReadX Ghost.— There was a very good attendance last evening at the Town Hall, when Mr. Read's Ghost succeeded iii mystifying the spectators. Thcporformanco will be repeated this evening, i. Colonel Glovuu. — Tho "-Chronicle's" George Towiicorrc6pondcnt writes : — Colonel Glover arrived/ hero on Sunday morning by- the s.s Dcrwont, from Melbourno. Mr.. Warren, manager of the: sulmtarino cable station and Low Head station,:- went off to moot him. It is generally understood that Colonol Gloyer has como hero to inspect the working' of tlio ! line, and hear suggestions from Mr; Warren. Tahmantan i Poultry. — We understand that Mr. R. -Hewitt's pen of Spanish' fowls, sent to the recent Victorian poultry, exhibi tion, did i.not/- take a: prize, out it found a1 ready purchaser in tlio porson of Mr. Kay, tlio first fancier of that;brcGd; in Mclbo.urno,; at reserve prico. 