NEWS OF THE DAY, A private meeting was held to-day ot the principal creditors ot Messrs Moore Brothers and Co., at which an approximate estimate of their position was submitted, from which it appeared that the total direct liabilities amounted to £22,015 8a 2d, against whioh the assets estimated on what was believed to be a safe basis, amounted to £10,399; thus ehowiug a surplus of £17,453 lis lOd, This will be reduced by possible loans in respect of bills nnder discount (amounting to abont £2G,000); but making a liberal allowance for this, it is cstimatod that tho ultimate snrplus will not bo less than £12,30 1 altor d.wo discussion, it was ngrced to adjourn until Thursday, 8th August, to enable a roliablo and complete examination to bo made o' their position ; but it was generally agreed that whatever time was required should bo granted without hesitation, the creditors being desirous of extending to tho firm every consideration, An important depntation waited to-day on the Chief Secretary and the Commissioner of Customs in regard to the removal of the duties on red gum timber, The deputation was introduced by Mr GillieB, aud made out so Btrong a case, that the out- come of the interview was the pro mise on the part of the Government to repeal the red gum dntleB, and in lien of them isBue strict and proper regulations for the conservation of tho forests, Immediate steps would be taken to relieve the trade, pending the paB9ing of the Repeal Act, The depntation, a report of whose proceedings will be found in another column, withdrew expressing their satisfaction at the result oi their representations. In the Assembly this evening, the pro posed purchase of the Hobson's Bay RaiU way will be further " considered. It iE understood that althongh the Opposition will almost to a man vote for the purchase if a division be called for, some of Mi Berry's statements, and the farmer action of Ministers in this matter, 'wilt be criticised from the Opposition beaches, It is not likely that any attempt will be made by die- satisfied Ministerialists to stonewall -he project. Borne of the more prominent sup porters of the Government who d 1 not approve of the purchase will be absei should a division be taken, In tbe Council the business wl1 be of nn- usnal importance this evening, 4B Sir Charles Sladen will move for leave t> introduce a bill to amend the Oonatitutiffi. The nature or tno measure to do brr-guc in is wen- knowD, hut it will be fer t's mover to show how his scheme meets th' difficulties whioh arose laBt eesBioD, The Revision Court sat again to-day for the purpose of hearin! the objections pre- ferred by the hou, Josph Joues to theoatxes of a number of porous appearing on the electoral rolls for t)o district of vest Mel- bourne.' The cou' was orewde-i and there was a full bench, Mr Quick arpoared for the persons objeoter to, and tc'k exception to the jurisdiotionof the w'>. and tho benoh agreeing that rhey hs- no jurisdiction, the cases were dtmisse Bespeciirg tb' fl8nr6S Published this morning rdatip to the reductions which have been- ffi',lilin6<1 npon in the a»lariea ot teaohere d j»i'oonoeption appoars to prevail. AiiV»" below £161 per annum remain on.vrbd, and the redactions only oommenoe p/£161, and continue up to £536, jr 'petal of faot, the .rednotions range Aom something less than 2 per cent to 15 per cent in the ease of the highest salaries, It has, hewever, long .been reooguisad that salaries of £636 per head are exorbitant in comparison with the emolnment of teaohers in other countries, and also in comparison to othor officers in tho Government service, whose duties requite longer hours and higher qualifications. The Bnpreme Court in banoo sat and dot livered some reserved judgements, a sum mary of whioh will ba found elsewhere. No uoticgiil the iftiealiou the ooun <« jii had been given, and very few porsone were present. Tiro steamship Syria, from London, an chored in Hobson's Bay shortl; before one o'clock to-day. Bhe belongs to the same company as the steamships Whampoa, and Hankow. She had only one passenger on board. Mr Molesworth applied to the benoh, this morning, at the City Oonrt, for another adjournment in the ease ot Barnard against Opphenheimcr, in whioh the latter is oharged with obtaining a sum of money by means ot false representations, As Mr Whelan, the clerk of the court, was of opinion that it would be impossible to hear the ease to-day, as the ordinary business ot the court, and also the proceedings in the Revision Court, would oconpy the bench the entire day, it was decided to take the ease on Monday next, at eleven o'clook, Mr Call, P.M., at the City Police Court to-day, granted the following transfers ot publican-' licenses Michael Murphy, New York Hotel, Bonike street, to Thomas d'Gruchy ; James Thirst, Dover Castle Hotel, Palmerston street, Carlton, to Angus- tnB Nownck ; Fred. Daniels, Letterkenny Hotel, Little Lonsdale street, to Martin Brogoran ; Edward Hogan, Freemasons' Hotel, Littlo Oolline street, to Elizabeth Sodant. Mr Call, P.M., sb tho chairman of the City Bench, this morning expressed himself as ntterly opposed to what he characterised the unfair manner in which some of the plain- olotheB-patrols lie in wait to oatch the disor derly women who paradetheBtreets by night, and misbehave themselves, to the scandal of the city. On tho occasion nnder notice, three females were oharged before tbe magistrates with insulting behaviour. The apprehending oonstables, who were on duty last night in plain clothes, in answer to the bench,- admitted that they had not cautioned the girls before arrestlag them, althongh they had observed them aoting in a disorderly manner. His Worship remarked that the benoh wonld have severely punished these women if the officers had 'cautioned them before dragging them off to the watch- house. Tbe prisoners were fined 10 shillings, or three dayB' incarceration, Last night a young woman was passing along Feel street, Colling wood, when she was accosted by two young man, named respectively, James Tobin, and George Lentin, They stopped and spoke to her, endeavoring to prevent her passing along a right-of-way. She attempted to pass, when Tobin stepped up close to her and held her haudd behind her back, the other young man looking on. She resisted, and Tobin made indecent over tures to her. Lentin then caught hold of her, but did not behave indecently towards her, as he merely said, "Lot her go," and walked away, Tobin, however, retained his hold, and cons tinned to annoy her, knocking a roll ot music from her hand, and slapping her in the face. The young woman gave informa tion to the police,- and they were arrested, and brought up before the local bench this morning on a charge ef indecent assault Lentin wbb discharged, but Tobiu was fined £5; or in default thereof, a month in gaol. Mr Call, P.M., "waxed facetions this morn ing on the Oity Bench, In the case . of an old convict and notorlons burglar and house breaker named Thomas Martin, who was charged withbeingin apublicplaco with intent to commit a felony, his attorney, Mr A.Daly, made an ad miserecordiam appeal on his be half, and pleaded that his olient should have the benefit of ?any doubt which might exist. " Where your Worship, " pathetically said Mr Daly, " are we to go when we come ont ot gaol? The police appear to make it a crime for ns to live amongst our own cIbbb in Stephen street, Where are we to go?" "To New Guinea, Mr Daly," re joined his Worship, very pertinently. » That appears .to be a fine field for intending emi grants of your client's proclivities," The lawyer eagerly clutched at the suggestion, aud stated that his client would go to New Guinea by a ship whioh would have quick despatch. Mr Call recommended him not to take ont a passage ticket for at least Bix months to come, bb tne prisoner would oe in gaol for that period. Some two or three weeks since a yonnS Belgian, of decidedly prepossessing appear- nnce becoming entitled to his discharge, was tnrned loose npon society, and speedily re lapsed into his old habits ot dishonesty, and resumed a career which it iajetated he comi menced in his native country as soon as he was old enough and strong enough to walk. Be this as hejg may, s\t since his landing on these shores Engene Hollander he has spent most of his time in Pentridge, his intervals of freedom being devoted to various kinds of swindling, the proceeds of his dishonesty and crime being spent in splendid dissipation. On the 3rd inBt., Hollander, who had jnet been liberated from Pentridge, presented himself at the jewellery establishment of Mr Omar Patin, 80 Collins Btreet, and as his address was good, and his apparel perfect, he was engaged conditionally on his 1 promising Mr Patin that he would give him undeniable references as to character. These , not being forthcoming, and the jeweller ! hearing something against Hollander's ante cedents, Mr Patin discharged him. A few days after Hollander had left, Paton missed : eight silver watches from his shop, and npon the robbery being reported the ( whole of the stolen property was recovered by Detectives Hayes and Williams, who 1 tracaed the watches to pawn and other shops, i where they had either been pledged or sold l by the prisoner, who was shortly afterwards . appreheaded by tho same officers, who b , this time had in their possession threee ot1 warrants for the prisoner's arrest on oh®08 i of forgery and uttering and ob»laillg I «roney on false pretences, Holla'61 WM r nrongnt netore the Oity Cu" 11118 morning, charged with steal i® watches, and the offence being unmi8t-onb'y proved against the accused, he wJ 8BBtencad to 12 months' imprisonment O" fcl10 ther charges to be preferred <4ainst him Hollan der wbb remanded to ntnre day. A oase of great d-pWYity on the part of a young lad namedADrew Bosh came nnder the notioe of /De Collingwood bench this morning, citable Bannon had found the hoy, who i? only 12 years of age, sleeping /fl' ln company with other lads of a bat character, and arrested him on a ch,rBe ' being a neglected child. His mothi stated that he was perfectly inoorri- gibbi and conld not be kept at home. He wbld frequently come to her honse in -rmpaDy with a gang of young roughs, I and domanded eatabloB, stating as he did so that he was a fool to work whilst the old woman " could keep him. The Bench sent him to the Industrial Bchoola until he had attained the age of 16 years. Messrs Briscoe's old ironmongery ware- houBOf in Collins sired) was for many years the most conspicuous object on the blook, The firm wbb, however, provoked to emu- . m.Sr.th0 '0C0ut'y erected trade palaces U -, ii ana Glen' next door j and the bunding ot new premises booame, indeed, absolutely necessary through tho extension of their business. The result is the completion oi an edifice whioh is an honor to Mel bonrne, being the largest In that portion of Collins Btreet, and equal in beanty to any, lhere are four stories, and the front is a simple but elegant piece of architecture, especially . noticeable for the ample space given to win dows. On the gronnd floor, an nnrivalled area of display is presented to Collins street, with six grand sheets of plate-glass, three on caoh side of the door, These show windows are divided by pillars of finely out bluestone, whioh is effectively need in the whole front. Entering the shop, we find that it ocenpies the whole floor, with comparatively small counters and an extraordinary space for showing goods; so that although a very large and beautiful variety is already stored, the area looks practioally unlimited— qaitc a little field, strewn about, in dnc order, with implements uf industry. The firm obtained an entirely new Btook for theke premises, and it is not all gathered in yet, althongh we notice that a lively business is done, the halls boine Hugged STitlrjiaitvtB, jCta .fiis; flagi C9a, tains a wealth of tarnishing ironmongery and' the multifarious artialcs of household lnxury which como nnder that denomination of modern days. The second floor is stocked in like manner, with another olass of goods. The top floor is boing fiUed, also for inspec tion, A bold staircaso leads to tho various fiats, and we specially notice the admirablo lighting and ventilation, so that the bril liancy of day reigns all thronghout this immense establishment, to the health and comfort of the numerous employees and the pleasure of visitors. The premises of the hardware houses of Messrs M'Ewan and Oo. and Messrs Briscoe and Co., are a oredit alike to the enterprise of these firms and to the city. A movement is on foot having for its objeot the holding of a Juvenile Industrial Exhibition in Melbourne towards tho end of next year, preparatory to the general Inter colonial Exhibition of 1880, The hon. 0. J, Jenner and othor gentlemen have taken the matter in hand, and a meeting Is to be held at the Town Hall on Friday next, to consider the snbject, Beatrice Lynch, a young woman who appears to havo got into a number of difficulties with the sterner sex of Oolling- woud, charged a young man named John Sheridan, at the police court this mora- tap, with indecent behaviour towards her. She stated that Bho had a splinter iu her finger, and asked Sheridan to take it out for her, wheD he insulted her as complained of, and Bhe gave him in charge; but the young man said that he lent her his pocket knife to remove the splinter, when sho ran a nay with it, and whon he called out to her to stop, and ran after her, she handed him over to tho enstody of the police. Ab the arresting constable's evidence corroborated tho young man's statement, and he bore a very good oharacter in the district where he lived, the benoh diBOharged him, with a little whole some advice concerning tha removal of splinters from the fingers of tho fair sex, A Melbonrne correspondent writes: — The question at present is as to what dimensions tbe revolt in the Liberal party will assume. I take very little notice of it myself, as I believe that to a great extent it is owing to the bad feeling engendered in the minds of Uinisterial supporters by the arrogant con duct of Borne Ministers. I am told that there nre some twenty members ready to stonewall the Hobson's Bay purchaBO question, but I don't believe a word of it. The insubordination of hon. members has caused Ministers to consider their positions, and it is probable that they will take steps to ascertain who are their supporters and who nre not. It is now understood that Mr Guanson and Mr A. T. Otark are " ostracised," The Ministry feel it imperative on entering upon the Constitutional Reform question, that the ranks will be closed up, and the goats separated from the sheep. Ministerial supporters are, however, so deeply annoyed at the conduct of some of the Ministers, that it iB hard to tell what may he the re sult. Should the Government find them fractious, it is highly probable that they will advise Sir George Bowen to dissolve the Assembly in order to get a more docile majority, We may, therefore, at no distant time, see the Btrange spectacle ot the Liberal party arrayed against itsalf. How the Conservatives will gloat over the spectacle need not be mentioned. But I- am pretty confident that Mr Berry will, in Ihe end, Becnre the adhesion of a sufficiently large majority, and ostracise the malcon tents; who will then take to some cave of Adnllam, whence they will rate both parties, The only danger which confronts the Go vernment is a stonewall. The discontented know that if Mr Berry passes a gagging motion it will be his ruin, and therefore they may be inclined to go to work in order to accomplish it, If so, a general election is imminent. From a'gentleman who arrived in Ballarat laBt night from Oolao, wo (Ballarat Courier) learn that the coal discovery made in that neighborhood a short time ago begins to pre sent a very promising appearances The seam has now widened out into solid coal 18 inches thick, with every indication of tho seam becoming still thicker the further tho earcn is prosecuceu. - A narrow eacape from boing burnt to death (says the Geelong Advertiser) wbb experienced by a widow lady residing in the eastern part of the town yesterday. Whilst attending to domestic duties she incautiously approached too near a fire, and in a second her dress was inflames. Fortnnatoly; a large tab full of water was close by, and the affrighted one, with great presence of mind, flopped into the water, and the fire was im mediately extinguished, The Geelong Advertiser has received from Mr Bommere, of Mack's Hotel, a sample of tho Colao coal, The Advertiser oannot Bay that it is good coal, bnt it appears to. be from the ontcrop, and is Bnfficently promising as a speoimen to justify the belief that at Bome depth the quality will greatly, improve, A Melbonrne correspondent, in the Ben- dign Independent, wfitcs.' — Two funny in cidents in connection wi-'d a certain depart ment of the Government service were told to me the other d<7- It appears that a gentleman wbo hett a somewhat responsiblo position had ali bis assistants taken away from him on too 8th January. For Bomo weeks he struggled on to get through his wort, but funding himself rapidly drifting into idiffiy he coolly sent for two of the dfcoarged clerks and put them on oga"- , The first month his pay-sheet w-i duly honored, but the second month a uemo. came asking him who had put tho two new men on. His reply was that he had done so, as he could not do without them, and strange to say, he has heard no more about the matter. The department discovered that they were in the wrong. Ihe same gentleman dealt very cava- jjuiiuoai loarer that the Minister sent to him for a billet. This individual came around with an of ficial epistle exhorting tho officer to to get him something to do at all hazards. The answer was that there was nothing for himlo do Back came the office-seeker with a still more pressing letter, and the answer was still more distinot— " I have nothing to do for this month. If you- want to work yourselves," or -n?ii i F 0 department wrote no more. Well, indeed j would it be for the oAtat ktadtex'sted0W mra fe8tleSa 0flicar8 , (Creawiok Advertiser) have reason to knov that many of tbe members for the ®!?"®.dlB.'r'0t0 'n Parliament are far from he way ia which the Ministry deal) with the vote for prospecting, They rl-nJ ?! - t0have no more caucuses or i? » 1n ffoesttan, but arranged that jJr Bhould give notice on Thura- day hst for the sum of £40,000 to bo placed on be Supplementary Estimates for the preBeit year, ahd they will divide the House upomt if necessary, to let the miners see whoare for it, and who against it. This £20SvotMy?ndeP8dent f the i ""deretood that ghosts affee| old houses and anoient localities, but an enerprieing spirit has departed from the line dqptoJ by his fellows of the old Bohoo, and has taken np hie or her quarters I iyof Jobs Gully, not far from the resideroe of Or Green, where a murder was said bhave been oommitted some years baok. SeverJ people assert that they have seen the Pd epirit of late, and have bien much BaaW-1, rher?byx- PerhaPB (remarks the Eagltrawk Leader) a good heavy oinb wonld provethe most effective means of laying the ghostin question, aw? ?0nd'g Independent we learn that Iessrs Moore Brothers' business matters were yesterday tha sabjeot of considerable talk, he faot that the firm is involved having mosttajudioioualy been published far and jjT a section of the press in Melbourne and andhurstr ThoBe who appear to have authatio authority for saying so state that tho fiffi is good for thirty shillings in the or after next harvest for forty Shillip-s in the pound. Owing to the nature of theassets, a large amount of whioh are the geraue accounts of selectors in the leitlffi, G'tatyW; ij|i$ Sffw ffill districts, theso are not easy nT I collection, though perfectly the end. Further, a considerable ni '» the firm's customers were, owing tn 6' ot H drought, last year themselres Dlaeosg01w,l a short step of the Insolvency Oourt 'd® I was only by tbe Messrs. Moore I from pressing these parties that much -e.l"® I own financial difficulties atpreBent Br '' However, with tho improvement in nr- d® everywhere in the district, nori-,,.?80'" I pastoral and mining, it may be tall 41' I granted that in a weokor two Messrs m ot I Brothers buBinesB will again be on 00 b footing as over. a 89 8od This story of Mr Moody is told bv a » I in "The Republican" ot Springfield- «u llei H was preaching nt the New-Hnven Tah«,- upon 'Salvation' and its perfect freedom tS I replying to certain supposed . obiZr1 I when he made the following illnBtr«E "You nave only got to take it, that". I Here, Mr. Mesorve (turning to the nnJ the Davenport Congregational Ohuroh ?' I sat olose by), 'if I were to offer you mv n?rT you would accept it, would you » I 'Certainly,' said Mr Mesorve. < I take it,' said Moody, ' it'n „„ ea I thrusting tho Bible he had boon SJi"'' I into Meaerve'a hand. ' It's a free pift. a 8 I it.' Tho illustration brought down I house as Mr Meeerve pat tho book « » which Mr Moody had long used-Tito J? I pocket, He has since relueed loo dnli ; lor it, as it is deemed a very valuable S' I mke from Moody'0 notes and marks 1/. ?" Now I happen to know that the whole t» I action was utterly unpremeditated on m Moody's part, and that he groatly valued ri book, yet the illustration was so effti I that nothing oould induce him to take', I bncb. Hence Mr Meserve 10 having n d-„i- I cato interlined Bible bound np for him, I The Sydney Evening Nows has 1»» I favoured with the following extraot from I private letter to a friond to Mr Jnlea Jonbanl I —"Paris, 4th Jnne. I guarantee if I getDt.'"; authority to act I will bring to Sydney JSf I a show bb will astonish tho natives. Where.?, I I go I am received with open arms. Fr«n? I lialy, Norway, Austria, Switzerland, Ameriu I Si c, are willing to send exhibits provided wo B do what they expect, i.e.. give themep". aud facilities. We can buy here chein enough whole sections of the Paris Exhibi I tion building, if anthorieed to do so and I load ships with them and exhibits at Ham I direct ; but Mr Ooombea and I must ha.» I authority. A London correspondent writes:— "Hon | is the timo to place a Yictorian loan on Ha London market. Mr. Larnach, ex-Treasurer of I New Zealand, and now in London, hao mada I a great success of his new loan. He inform! ma that £9,000,000 were offered to the Bank of I England, by whom the loan whs brought I out. I think Mr. Berry could not do better I than bring ont his projected loan now if He I Government have decided on the polio; of I borrowing. Money is very cheap here, and I investment very difficult to obtain. Judging I from the price of your debentures, the credit H of tbe colony is still good, notwitstandiog all I tho attempts which have been made to ran I you down." H A Sydney journal writes;— The fall I accounts of the cricket matches between I Australian and English players form Ha | moBt interesting items of news by the mail I just arrived, They Bhow how well oor I cricketers have proved their skill against the B . best mon of England, Onr statement Hit B fair-minded Englishmen would not regard B their firot match at Nottingham as a true B test of tbeir merits is confirmed by the great B London organ, the TimeB, which states B that that match "ought not to here B been regarded otherwise than in the B light of a preliminary enconnter, and B the succeBB of Notts as an imperfect B criterion of the real or relativo merits oi the B visitors." From a better knowledge ot ou B men, and a natural partiality for their B euccesF, we wore more ready to recognize a B fact whioh only became evident to tbe B Times after they bad followed np their B defeat by three splendid victories, Asia B now shown, tbe defeat of our men at B Nottingham damped the public intorest ia H the match with tho Marylebone Olnb, aa uuij, 1000 person- v.ere present. But their victory over the host mun or tw great club- H a victory, perhaps, unparalleled in the his. || rory ot cricket — at once awakened an Kl interest which will materially help them In H a pecuniary point of view ; for when nert H 1 hoy played in London there was an attend- B anoe of nearly 18,000 people, Thero weta B 5000 present at their Yorkshire match, and B we know by telegram that immense erneda B have gathered at the subsequent games. The B Times itself appeare to have taken litle B interest in the Marylebone match, red confined its notice to some forty or fit; 8 lines ; bnt it is significant that the securd B was thought doserviug of greater publics;, The factie the Australians have, Dy their ply, drawn attention to themselves and to he 8 colony in a moat marked manner. Thai 8 appearance and prowess will help the enii B gration lectnrerB and agents, by showing ho? the descendants of Englishmen maintop 8 their skill and stamina in this new country 8 The splendid success of Australians a B Leicester, when apparently about to h B defeated, Bhowe a pluck worthy of tb( conntry from whioh they have sprung, 8 At the Theatre Royal, last evening, Bag h air was again produced, and went much 8 smoother than on its first representation, 8 There wbb a good attendance, and the pla; B was warmly applauded. The ball scene B especially was highly approved. The red B curtains at tho back of the dress circle aro a B great improvement, They make the circle B much more pleasant to look at, and much B more comfortable to Bit in, H Undo Tom's Oabin, with the new sceuer; and music, at the Princess's, has taken a new 8 leaao of life. Last night money hadtoba 8 turned away from the pit at a quarter to eight, not oven standing room beiug avail- able, and tbo other parte of tho house were B almost equally thronged, B At the Academy of Music, Our Girls will B be repeated to-night, and will ba continued H until Monday, when it is to be withdrawn, H having achieved fifty representations. There B was no falling off lnat night in the attend- B mice, and the acting was quite up to its B usual excellence- The Popular Concert at the Town Hall B was well nttended, and the reappearance of B some old Melbourne favourites was greeted B with applause, The orgau performances of B Mr Sykes continue to gain that gentleman admirers. The loss of tho Loch Ard, beantifull; painted by Mr H. Grist, excited much ad- H miration nt St, George's Hall last night, B 