THE MYSTEEIES OF CKIME; OB, The Experiences of an Edutbuegh Detective.— No. LXXYIII. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A CHILD'S POWER. In trying to describe poor Sparrow's fight for honesty, I promised to give another case to illustrate the power of a child's words; and now, to preserve the order of events, it falls to me to fulfil the pledge before passing on to the Ruffian's last crime. Between the two, however, there is an intimate connection, insomuch as by the first Simon Penbank was prepared more luliy ior a cnange, ana dv ms aeiec tive skill in the second he called for a remark from me which was destined to have an important influence on his whole after life. It happened, too, that there were not wanting some elements of romance about the affair, as will appear before I finish up with this batch of troublesome criminals. On the night after the Ruffian's daring leap from the top of the mail train, Simon Penbank — wearied and depressed with a vain search through the whole city for traces of this double-dyed scoundrel, who, by his assault upon Mr. McGregor had come as near the gallows as it was possible to get without actually stepping up into the noose — was slowly making bis way up Black friar's Wynd to his home in the condemned land. To say that he was miserably clad, hungry, worn down, and unhappy, would be only to record his almost everyday con dition. Simon was never paid in advance, nor trusted the length of his nose— except in the solitary case of Nosie Miacher with the ten shillings — and, as the Ruffian was still at large, Simon was at that moment very far down {he bill indeed. In plain the^smpi^^^4oT*^^^^^^»iW^«#^W'^8 oi ma^Myr^e^^mm^^^m^% ? ? Si of a man of experience. ^^ri^^^^j^S- t:v:-v::;^ are pur statesmen tnat tney cannot pfirt tstd ~ *? :? - : ^ ' nuisance ddwn? :yt^^^S]^^pe^^^if*r '~ '? ?''.? :y& moire hungry^ the more misei»^th^pe^pl^ ^ ' ; are, the more they accumulate these Ut^fe, '**? ; pests about .li^..klDW/:r)^yii^'^ti^£oK, : a moinentis enjoyment in ^fi^teadnffi«i©v'. I ^ ;iittiebeggaT;awap{ ? :* .V'. ':, ^.l™ r'. £? £ :: ' ; - ;craning Mb neck 'on eje^M^i^i^jf^^,! -? last made out thg fo^ o£a cMld— a v$ryf, ver£ small boy }— se^3 on a atonfey jft^i s leaning back on the rough wall trying to ![ * blow some warmth in$o' ios fingers, anil '[ :- crying in a suppressed^way 'ini spite* ^ ptlfim- 7* i ' - ?self. The*cbjm''w^'TOry-'dmffl'j^^']|4l^n;''-'- but beside the tall scraggy form of ,tiiej»jf ** he looked a perfect mite. . ''_\L : , 'Hullo, hullo!' iougbijbroj^in^eH^v bank, trying to speak in the harsb_tones of a policeman, ' what's aUthisno^&l;^ut,? ., What are you crying there foicS' ['. '..','\ .-;.;' . ;. The child stopped and looked up at the v tall figure in some wonderment an.d awe; ? but iiien making out that it was' only ^jnan . — not a ghosts— it answered very simply— . Y *! Oh, I'm so told — and all the lights are goin'out.' A shade of the harshness and malicious gloating disappeared from Penbank's face— ? the words came out so pitifully and trust fully; andstooping down he took the child's morsel of a Hand in his own— not roughly, , but gently — as if he wished to warm' it within his own. , *' Cold, are you, my young, friend? 'that is not surprising — we are nearly into winter now,' replied Penbank, with a stately dig nity that made the child open his eyes. ' Why are you not at home ?'- 'Cos Fm ooseless, and mudder's gone into the black hole,' and the child gobbed again, and tried to sfet its cold hand away ' to have a dabble at its eyes. ' You're useless ? who said that ?' asked Penbank, in somewhat 'husky tones, and. with a sudden hushed interest. 'The bad woman said that — madder toot me, and tuddled me in abosie, and tried over me, and said I was to be a dood 'ittle boy, and 'tay with the bad woman tall she toot me to a poorhouse. Then she lied, all white, on a bed, and they shut her up in a box and put her in a black hole. I'm doin' away,' and the child's voice sank to & mysterious whisper, as it looked round to make sure that it was not overheard, ' I'm doin' away to loot for the hole, and treep in , beside her' ' ? There was a strange husky sound now — something between a grunt and a sob — and ? it came from the direction of Simon Pen bank's throat ; then he got another of the loose stones, drew it close, and sat down, beside the child. ' They didn't strike you, did they ?' he hoarsely enquired. « Iss— they ticked me,' sobbed the child, agitated afresh at the recollection, ' and . they lighted and truck one anodder, and told me to do to my mudder. ' Tve been lootin' for the hole, but I tant find it.' &imon; Penbank blew his nose in a very ragged remnant of a handkerchief, and. took some time to the process, and then huskily continued — ' What's your name, my little friend ?* 'Teeve.' 'Steeve? What else?' ' Nossing.' 'Nothing else? That's queer.' ' What's oor's ?' asked the child, looking up curiously in the bloated face. ' My name is Simon,' answered the tall spy, feeling like an elephant trying to be ; friendly with a titmouse. 'Timon? Thafs nice,' said the child, Y becoming confidential. ' Is oor mudder in a black hole too, Timon ?' There was a queer silence after this ' question; and looking up in surprise, the - child found that his new friend was look ing away up, as if intently examining the roof of one of the dark buildings overhang ing the spot. A still closer inspection re vealed the fact that the old man's mouth was twitching and jerking painfully, and then a shivering gasp told the real state of affairs.. - - ' Don't try, Timon — don't try,' said the child, beginning to sob and knuckle his eyes in sympathy. 'I'm torry foroo— don't try, and Til ting oo a hymn.'' ' Fm* not crying, my voung friend,' replied Simon, after bringing the ragged handkerchief into active operation for a sus piciously Ions interval. 'A mere cold in the head— tfiaf s all.' ' What oo rubbii^* oor eyes for, then ?' simply asked the child. ' Ah, my young friend,' replied Penbank, with a desperate effort at his usual elation and sprightliness, and a hideous contortion that was meant for a cheerful smile, 'I rub them because there is — a something that affects them — something that comes at very wide intervals with me, and makes them require rubbing.' But this dignified speech was all Greek to the child. A painfully puzzled look crossed his atom of a face, and then he said — ' Why don't oo peak 'ike me ?' 'How j-ea&like; you?' asked Penbank, with a frightful elephantish flounder that , made him feel as large as a pyramid. ' That's better,' said the child, in decided . approval, creeping closer to him and nest- . ling among his rags; ooll det on bym-bye. Now, oo must say, 'Poor wee Teeve— tuddle in a mammy's bosie.'' Penbank hesitated, and stared down in the child's face withgoggling eyes. ' Turn away, now,' cried the child, en- ' couragingly but imperatively. ' Poor wee Teeve,' began Penbank. 'Dood! dood!' cried Steve, clapping his gmpil hands in approval. 'Tuddle.in a mammy's bosie,' continued Penbank, with a sigh of relief, but actually putting his arm round the mite of humanity, as if he could have cuddled it with real and unaffected pleasure. ' ' That? s nice,' said the child, resting his head wearily en the shabby waistcoast of the spy and placing bis small hand, confid- ?. ingly in his own. ' Will oo take me to the . black hole to my mammy, and tell her they ticked me?' 'I fear me much— that is, I don't know the road,' said Peabank ^vaaively, *ud wife oner a gulp at febmethug an iis ihroat. ~l *' But ^ we can look for at tormoiiow.' cheeringly responS^. BeB^aiik, takmj the throbbing temples in Ms hands. , *' j^atjrou. mustn't ttav out in the cold. WonVyoiigo home?!' r ?—-.';-- - - J- ?;. 'FeVsW' . ;:Ji.:: . ' :- ... The question came out cJesff^ina, prompt, \m£ to 3t Simolk, jiad bo answer;, then, wink he -was ehuffiing, the child came to his rescue. ' Where's w house ?'. he asked. ' Kh} mase— hem— of course/* slowly re plied Penbank. ' My place js a few steps further up the Wynd here. I sit rent feeer and uoTooSv seeks to disturb me— except the rats,' he added to himself. ** Then, let* s do there— I want; to seep,' said Steve, decidedlv, holding tip his avins tobeiifted. 'Oo'll tarry me j' then/hold ing 'back suddenly, he; interposed, 'but ©o'll not let the bad -woman turn and tate aae^away?' ... .'.'.''.' **^?o, no, she shan't get near you,' was the assuring response. ' Be sure she shan't, for HI watch vou aU night mvself .' *Dood Timon! Teeve ikes oo,' said the child, gratefully, now submitting Teadily to 'be carried up ttie Wvnd and round to the fcack of the condemned laid. 'Then iafter tupper we'll tiug togedder— ^nice hymns — oh, itfsMood! What hymns dop oo know, Timon ? Mudder learnt me turn nice ones — Taiiaan, bright Tanaan— and, oh! lots loore.' Penbank remained silent, and, Steve looked up with a surprised and aggrieved expression. *' Don't oo like 'at one, Timon?7' lie softly enquired. *' My young friend, I like them all,' des perately blurted out Simon Penbank; 'but I — I believe I've forgotten my hymns.' 'Fordot 'em?' echoed the child, per fectly incredulous. ' How tan oo ting 'em, denf 'That's just where it; is, niy young friend,' slowly responded Penbank, feeling guilty enough to have gunk into the ground^ and getting out the truth with a sudden blurt—' The fact is— I don't sing 'em at all:' and then, seeing a look of horror creeping over the child's face, he hurriedly added; 'But never mind that, I can learn rem off you, you see.' But the child was only half satisfied, and after a steady look into the bloated face, said— ' Oo don't ting 'em at all?' Then what do oo do at night before oo go to seep ?' ' I — I don't do anything,' slowly stam mered out Penbank, feeling guiltier than ever under those guileless eyes. ' Except — yes,' and he brightened a little at getting out of the fix — 'except think over what I may do next day.' 'Don't oo tay any prayers ?' asked the child, softly and winningly, smoothing Pen bank's cheek with his little hand. There was a longer pause than ever, aud tie guilty shuffle of Penbank's eyes ap peared to deeply pain his new companion. 11 Peak, Timon,' he eiatreatingly said, at last putting one arm quite round the old man's neck and nestling closer. 'Peak, and HI tuddle oo.' ' I rather think,' reluctantly answered Penbank — 'I rather think I've forgotten my prayers too.' 'What a bad old man oo must be !' ex claimed Steve, in horror. 'No, oo's not bad, or oo wouldn't tuddle me aud tarry me about. But would'nt oor mudder be torry oo'd fordot oor prayers ?' There was a strange choking pause in the conversation, and, putting his soft hand out through the darkness to Penbaiilrs face Steve felt that the cheeks were wee. Then hie whole manner changed, and he impul sively cried out— 'Nevermind, Timon; we'll tay 'em to gedder, and I'll put in a bit for oo — ' Dod bless dood old Timon.' Won't it be nice? And oo'll not try any more, nor be andry, but ting hymns and tuddle me till I seep in a boeie;' and while he thus spoke he wa-s carried into Simon Penbank's ' palace.' \- The spectacle did not seem to please the boy greatly. When he was set down in the middle of a dark room, with no win dows, no fire, and no furniture, and with only a heap of . straw in a corner for a bed, a dissatisfied expression crept over his face -which the other could dimly discern by the light creeping in from the opposite win dows. ' - - 'What a dark house,' said Steve; 'I don't like it. r And. where's the fire ?' 'Oh, the fire — of coui'se — the fire,' du biously stammered Penbank. ' Well, you see this is only a sleeping apartment, Steve; I never need a fire in that.' 'Fere's the fire den?' simply inquired iihe child. ' There's no fire at all, that's the fun of the thing,' brightly responded Penbauk, putting the best face he could on the matter. *' ^P 3ust fift down in the bed here, and -cuddle close to the wali, where the wind doesn't get at -us, and tell stories, and all that, and fancy we're sitting at a big fire warming pur toes. Ha, ha^ ha ! that's good, isn't it?' and he poked the child in the side to make him laugh in concert. !For a while it seemed as if the little ruse was to be -successful. Steve cuddled down at the spot indicated 5 but by-and-by the discontented expression returned to his face, and 'he abruptly asked— 'Why don't 00 live in a nicer house, Timon? It's so dark, and told, and nasty.' If Steve liad possessed the wisdom of Socrates lumself he could not have put to.isimon Penbank a more staggering ques tion. The eccentric thief stared and stared at his smalt questioner, and put on h*s 3nost dignified look, and ransacked his brain for somenofiiis set replies -about the injus tice of the world, fate being against Mm, every man being a thief but himself, &c;, . &c;, ; but still no words came to his lips. At last, unable to look steadily into the clear eyes of the child, he hastily put in, ' I think jou'd better sing a hymn.' ~ Then, having ? ^extracted an imperative promise from Penbank to join in with him, Steve sang 'the following, verse; — l 'Tanaab, bright Tanaan, The.glorions land of Tanaan; OtojTanaau is a happy place— Tnm, letusdotoToaaan.' ? ; ; ? The infantile -voice quavered strangley thrdugh the 'deserted building _ with- an eccentric JgfcuBtahg acconxpanime&t; joining in'from Pefibanifs tustvtnroat ; but, at the end^f the^wrsey the ch'ild 4»oke down^and began to sob. . ^'IwisIJindwedferTanaan was, I'd do tofit sow,' he chokingly ejaculated. 'I want mudder-—oh, I want my mudder !' Greatly agitated himself, Simon Pen banfc had some difficulty in soothing him into eaWness; bjit ,when at;jlast hadid:; gpceeed, Steve ^S^Hly.4p^fc€id; ffiMP- ^ i ftce, and said p\tea0jrr-^Tm buMry, Timesi— sd'hundry;'- ^.... ; : V r - ? '.» ~-V : 'Hungry? M.is; S«*.'-.«tt.pi ^^JMT echoed Penbank, starting up with alacrity:, 'Suppose we have supper then? I'meati ; suppose you kaye supper. Vv& had.;nu?e ' already— last night, I mean— am positively . crammed to the throat with/food; but Tve some anoney — a whole coin ; I meant it for. something else, but no matter. What do . Yon ^e *° leat — trotters? I can get two for a penny— nice and soft, with lots =of. gristle;' .and Siinon. smacked his lips unctuously, as if the very thought of the trotters set his mouth a^-watering, which, by the way, might; actually have been the case. 'Are they tweet?' dubiously asked Steve. ' Not very sweet— but they're nice,' said, Penbank, temptingly. ' Shall I get them ?' 'I like something tweet,' said Steve, after a moment's grave thought. ' Bat don't tay long, 'cos /I' don't 'ike to be in the dark.' Simon Penbank. waited to hear no more, but cut down the stairs to the open ak, and then had a struggle with himself at the bottom of the stair leading up to the shebeen. The penny — the sole coin he possessed:— lay in his palm, where he sug gestivelj weighed it. 'Toothful of vile, fire, supposed to be drink, or a bite to the child — which shall it be?' he muttered to himself, swaying with uncertainty. 'Toothful of fire, bite for child— 'bite for child wins the day!' and then he very considerably frightened the occupant of an eating-house further down by rousing him out of his bed merely to supply him with two halfpenny sheep's trotters. But, after some grumbling, the mighty Grder was duly executed, and in post haste he got back to the condemned land and watched the famished child devour every morsel with a pleasure which, from, its very unselfishness, was quite new to him. Then Steve showed, him how to kneel down and clasp his hands while he went over his prayers, and put in the bit he had spoken of about Simon himself , aud then this queerly assorted pair lay down among the straw and slept till morning. Shortly after- daybreak Simon awoke, and for more than an hour gazed down on the calm face of the innocent child sleeping in his arms with a strange flutter of emotion such as he had not felt in his breast for nearly half a century. Nothing that he could remember in his long career of crime and cunning — not even the death of his own mother — had ever given him such a tug back as the artless talk and con fiding trust of this lost child. But was the child lost ? I think not — I am certain not. All Penljank's subsequent sifting and searching — which was not of the dullest — could not discover a loving father to Steve, yet I am certain that in the widest and grandest sense of the word Steve was not Fatherless. The strange pair -were apart and alone, but they were to drift together and remain so for life, exercising a strange imluenee oa each other's whole being. The first surge of that influence was now stirring the breast of the eccentric old thief— -va. lialf f owned resolutions after honesty, truthful ness, and religion. When I 'show that these resolutions were weak and almost aimless, and that they were dispelled by the very first demand made upon him in his new responsibility, I only, show that Simon was human, like the restof us. ; About an hour after daybreak, wheu the rumble of the stirring city was beginning to be heard even in this\ strange retreat, Steve awoke. At first lie' cried bitterly to find that he was not in his mother's arias ; and then, after Simon had exerted himself to the uttermost to soothe and amuse him, he knelt down and said his little prayer, again putting in the little bit about *?' Dood old Timon,' and then very promptly an nounced his intention to get up. ' But it isn't time yet,' hesitatingly put in Siinon Penbank, who had reasons of his own for wishing delay^ 'Lie down and sleep a little longer, and then we'll get up and go out together.' . Steve, unconvinced, but trained to obedience, tried manfully to obey, and determinedly shut his eyes and tried 'to feel warm and sleepy among the. straw, with the cold wintry wind coming whistling in on them ; but his eyes would get open in spite of himself, and at last the long delayed words forced themselves out in 'a trembling whisper — 'But I'm so hundry, Timon — I want my breakfast — and then Til be dood and do to seep.' The piteous look, the pinched and sharp boned face of the child, with the trembling eagerness with which the request was proffered, went straight to Simon's heart with a force that carried all before it. All his thoughts of honesty vanished like a flash, and, strange to say, he started up with a greater courage -for crime than he had ever before felt. 'Yes, Steve — I'm going out to get it,'' he hurriedly responded. . ' Ifs just down the stairs— --I mean some little distance off — but you must lie down and sleep till I bring it. Don't move or go out, or the bad woman will. get you and take you to the poorhouse ;'. then, covering the child over with straw, and seeing that he was already quite satisfied aud nearly asleep, Penbank slipped down the three stairs and found himself in the open ah', holding a vain council with himself as to where the break fast was to come from. . ?? If I so to Mclndoe, he'll laugh at me, find tell me I have tried the starvation dodge too of ten already,' he feverishly re flected. 'If. I go to.McGovan, he'll tell me I ought to be ashamed to come before him pith such a lie in niy mouth, and that I should drink Jess and I. would eat more. At every hand I will be onjet with but one word— liar, liar, liar !. It is the old story pf the lying boy— the shepherd, renowned' in story, who was always crying *Wdlf for the fun of the thing, but when the |tvolf really came nobody believed him, and £0 he was eaten up. The wolf is at my palace. door,, and while people are laughing jit my frantic cries I shall be quietly de^ vonred. What:a -lesson is there '. contained, ^f I was. n^ot too hungry: and needy to .profit l-y;itj , But have I gone, over all niy i riendsFj _No % there is one— my old friend ' Mackintosh, the f grocer. I have ; cheated i md - robbed -him bo often that he will not 3 isten to a word I. say ,j but if ; I go to his 1 louse he will; probably be absent at the shop, when I may induce his wife to. part. Ho, then, for the grocer's house !' Leaving the bottom of the Wynd where this resolution had been formed, Simon cut ;a}on& lpjp()#|f W i$ -pt!JB;'.^bMr's : fihojpibearlng the name^ James |iac1nntosh/' and ihen, having sat^fiedhBaiseUthat the ;karidly. jbld^ '.cpui Ct^1^ %*'M?$ ^of often ewpidled w&g; really ; la ^ej^6^^e^iJi|ip^; \furither along the street aid turned Into an: ! .entiy iead^^^^M^^y jclfean ^and ' open jard, where he r^pp^ed diligently for some 'time at aVgrieenr|to4t»d door. 'No one answering, 'he turned to the^ vraifl6w 'and peered _in/. tahtrousrlr the ' muslin blind ; but not seeing through it Very distinij&y; he 1 * \ made bold to put to his hands and gently .raise. the sash.: No^v, I steaaljr do noythinK he meant to commit a iobbeiy.— he was only led to it, as it were, by the strange train of cwcuinstanees^fliough,' of course, had we caught him at it, such a plea in Court, liowevef true, would only have been laughed at. ' ; ; Nooneanswered: his i imperative call on Mrs.; Mackintosh, so he inserted his -head and shoulders at the, open window, and was about to renew lis cry in a louder key, when his eye fell on:a purse, with a steel clasp, lying where it had been carelessly left, on the table by the window. Simon's heart gave a bound— he stretched over — felt the purse in his hand— knew that it was not empty— -and, with just one mo ; ment's hesitation, had it concealed in his palm, and* his body withdrawn hurriedly from the open window. Not a soul was in sight, and with one quick hurl he had the sash down again and was off, out of the entry and down the Cowgate as fast as his legs could carry him. He only paused once on the way, and that was. to enter a shop and exchange some of the stolen money for food ; and with this in his arms he got up to his 'palace' in the condemned land, where his entrance was greeted with a shout of joy from little Steve, who stared at the good things in a perfect maze of wonder and delight. 'Fere did 00 get it?' asked the child at length, with the utmost simplicity; but this was just the subject that Simon was . most anxious to avoid. He shuifted guiltily under the child's gaze as he had never done under that of a policeman or detective ; but Steve was not to be put off. ' Turn now, telly troose now, or I tant eat it,' he imperatively said, holding up a small finger to enforce' the command ; ' fere did 00 get it ?' Penbank still hesitated — feeling guiltier than if he had just emptied the Bank of England — but then seeing the tears creep ing into the child's eyes, he cried — '' I prigged it all P . This was the most truthful burst that he had ever emitted, but it was quite lost upon Steve. He only stared in wonderment — not understanding the words, and quite confused and dismayed at the old man's abject look of guilt. Instinctively, how ever, he seemed to feel that something was wrong, and that wrong he vaguely con nected with the food on the floor before him. The tears gathered and gathered in his eyes till they came with a rush, and he lay convulsively sobbiug on Simon's breast. ^\ hen at last the guilty man had soothed him into quietness, and essayed to place the food once more before him, he turned away ?wearily — ?*' 2s o eaty now, Timon,' he said, nestling closer in to the old man's bosom. ' Teeve's heady tore, tore! J3ood old Timon — 00 tind to wee Teeve — hold my head, Timon — 1 want to seep, and do to my mammy,' and thus murmurins: the fevered child fell fast asleep, and was again covered up among the straw. But what of Simon Penbank ? As soon as the child's eyes wsre closed, his own becsise unusually distended. Then they glistened and goggled — then filled; and then he put up a cold knuckle to dabble away the tears. *? Simon i you old thief !' -lie cried ener getically, shaking a clenched fist at him self. 'You are a d- ? d old villain! You don't deserve to be a moment with sucH a pure little innocent. Go this instant and give yourself up — get into prison, where you deserve to be — and let the child be properly taken care of by the authorities.' Slowly, and with shaking hands, he gathered up the untasted food, recovered it with the papers, and took himself off to wards the door. Then another dabbling fit seized him, at the end of which he found himself ' back at the bed of straw kissing the hot cheek of the sleeping child, and wetting it with his tears. Then he shook off the momentary weakness, straightened himself into a semblance of his old dignity, dried his cheeks, and left the condemned land. Outside a cold wind was blowing, before which, upon any other occasion, he would have cowered and shrank, But his gait — usually a cautious, circumspect slink — was now changed for one singularly erect and resolute. He even graciously smiled and nodded to a passing policeman, in wardly speculating as to whether the man was to be he who should convey him in custody to the Police-Omce in a few minutes. At the little grocer's shop he paused, waited till the coast was clear, and then walked in' arid very deliberately seated himself at the counter. Old Mackintosh stared, as well he might, at the unusual light in the eyes of the seedy spy ; but he opened his eyes still wider at his next movement. Very carefully and methodi cally Simon took out the various articles of food he had that morning bought and spread them on the counter ; then he pro duced a purse, which the grocer recognised with a start as that of his wife, and emptied its contents beside the articles of food. 'There.' he said, with a sigh of relief and a tightening of the lips ; ' I have to request you to send for a policeniau to re move- me to the Police Office. I have robbed you of this purse and monejvwith which I procured this fcod. I nave no wish to eat any of it ; I merely desire to; be taken up — to be put on haafd labor— the tamest 'oakum that can be procured for love or money, or the hardest : stone- breaking that ever -made a wan -sweat his imeerable life away. Don't stare at me; I am not mad, though I have beeu all my life nearly. I #m the worst scoundrel that Crawls the earth ; have me taken up at ofcee.' : But the old grocer — a kindly, soft-hearted man — was too much taken by surprise to obey at once. He questioned Simon so closely, and withal so gently and tenderly, that in a burst of self-recrimination Simon re vealed all about himself and the child, winding up with another imperative request to be taken up. But the old grocer would not have him taken up ; for long before Simon's account was finished, the wronged man was himself helping the narrator at the dabbling business, and when he got , through, they merely laid their heads togetberand ba#theiever^ to ^ecbmfbrtebleioDae whidh^SSmon hid so lately broken into, aiid;there'thte child mended* rapiuly,* Toated'-eyery 'day ^Tby~ Simon, ivho was not yet in prison, norlikely to be'for some time to conle'. In'fac^Simott hadTeally^jR^in to thinkv *-' '- ' ' 1 'If my 'first act of -honesty and restitu tion is thus rewarded,' he reasoned, as he left the' house where little Steve's feet were now joyously pattering, ^and where the * man he had robbed had jui3t pressed a shilling into his hand— 'if this is the re sult of truthfulness and openness in one solitary case, what position might Inot have held had I but adopted the practice earlier In' life? I must make a change.' ' This was his tesolve, -and what it led to will appear in the following sketch. ? . (To be continued.) 