STAGE TRADITIONS. Btagb traditions are as the heirlooms of the house of Thespis : handed down from generation to generation, and usually much prized and cherished, because of their real worth, or merely because of their antiquity and long con nection with the family. There are histrionic traditions that at once brace and adorn like a baldric ; and there are traditions that are in the nature of manacles, they 60 oppress and prison the players. Our own stage is under no legal obligation to respect the past, or to reproduce its dramatic literature ; yet regard for the conventional has been rarely, lacking in the English theatre; 'staginess' has been seldom absent from our boards. The force of tradition assarts itself alike in the representation of the poetic or legitimate drama, and in the comedies of modern life requiring of the player movements and actions only of a simple, easy, and natural kind. Cer tain histrionic conventions seem to govern him in spite of jto&seli.; There is somehow a suspicion, or a savour, of the tteatre in all he does : in his way of drawing on or drawing off his gloves ; of smoothing his hat, its white lining being well exhibited to the pit ; of producing his cambric hand kerchief; of lighting a cigar ; of reclining in an easy chair ; ol reading a book or a letter. When he speaks, when he '^s, when he laughs, when he weeps— perhaps, especially, elhml weeP8» burying his face in his hands, restrng his idows on a table, projecting one leg, and imparting an fa? UBe b1oP° to his figure— he is alike artificially J*™«1| and, bo to speak, unreally real. Of late years, a Wtfihonal vivacity in connection with light comedy— ^mg down to ub, perhaps, from Woodward and Palmer, *^B and Dodd, Lewis and Jones— has undergone some ''Ppwasion. Restlessness and bustle upon the bohrds are «» in vogue than once they were. The light comedian, onttonmorttf- trip lightly on to the stage, waving his bredS nri8hing tiB caae- filing aad chattering in a plauneOh- *ay- aa4 for ever doin£ 6°metauig: contem wng nis reflection in the pier-glass, arranging his hair or tfluVt I** ^ wristbands, plunging jocosely at the ribs the « ,®f °°utora— a performance, known professionally as j^^juyaog busines8'-Hlu6ting his boots with his hand ^'w-odious practice !— never still an instant, toying Pat&itt; at P.roPerties and furniture of the scene, and *- ™g and haling hitter and thither the other characters in the play— this animated and frisky performer is rarely seen now-a-days. It is the fancy of some of our players of the present, but they are necessarily life-like because they are dull. They act in a numb sort of way; they speak with drawling deliberation, they pause long in their intervals of utterance, lethargy and langour oppress their every move ment. It is not to be said that they imitate humanity abominaWy ; but they reproduce a class of-personages whom one would much rather avoid, than become acquainted with. _ It is due to stage tradition, that red hair is always asso ciated with comicality, and, when combined with a chintz waistcoat, invariably signifies rustic integrity ; that a flaxen wig is typical of youth and frivolity; that black locks and wickedness are inseparable. Lloyd, in his poem of ' The Actor,' 1762, writes: To suit the dress demands the actor's art, Yet there are those who overdress the part ; To some prescriptive right gives settled things, Black wigs to murderers, feathered hats to kings. And he proceeds to record other conventions of the stage — But Michael Cassio might be drunk enough, Though all his features were not grimed with snuff. 'Why should Poll Peachum Ehine in satin clothes, ? 'Why every devil dance in scarlet hose 2 ' Pray, what is the meaning,' demanded Charles the Second, 'that we never see a rogue in the play, but, odsfish ! they always clap him on a black periwig, when, it is well known, one of the greatest rogues in England always wears a fair one?' The King is supposed to have been thinking of the blonde peruke of Dr. Titus Oates. Of late years Hamlet has been seen upon the stage wearing flaxen locks, appropriate, it has been urged, to his Danish nationality. For the same reason, Claudius might wear a fair wig ; yet who ever saw the murderous king so attired ? The old practice of smearing passio's face with snuff, to denote his intoxicated condition, has been long since abandoned; but heroines of the Polly Peachum class are still apt to appear in satin clothes. The Adinas, and Aminas, and Zerlinas of the opera-house are wont to be very splendidly apparelled. Mephistopheles and his dia bolical connections are still faithful to the scarlet hose they first assumed so very long since. The tragedy of ' Hamlet ' has attached to it many stage traditions, but these have undergone some disregard in later days. In Garrick's time, during the first scene of the play, it was customary for one of the performers to imitate the. THE GRAND STAND, BRISBANE RACECOURSE. 'rowing of a cock, so that ihe ghost might have practical cause for starting 'like a guilty thing upon a fearful summons.' We read, however, that the cock- crowing 'being often unskilfully executed, threw an air of ridicule over the performance,' and was eventually dispensed with. It is still usual for our Hamlets to pace the platform of the castle wearing black silk stockings the while, and after complaining of the coldness of the night, to divest themselves of cloak and hat immediately upon the appearance of the ghost, as though bent upon a wrestling match with that perturbed spirit. At one time it was Hamlet's wont to address the ghost with extraordinary violence, Cibber relates that, when witnessing with Addi son a performance of the tragedy, they were both surprised at the vociferous manner of Hamlet's speech to the ghost, ' which, though it might have astonished, had not provoked him.' Booth, who personated the ghost, was of the same opinion, and remonstrated with Wilks, the performer of Hamlet. ' I thought, Bob, that last night you wanted to play at fisticuffs with me ; you bullied that which you ought to have revered.' Lloyd writes, probably with Garrick's Hamlet in view : More nature oft and finer strokes are shown In the low whisper than tempestuous tone. And Hamlet's hollow voice and fixed arnaee, More powerful terror to the mind conveys, Than he who swollen with big impetuous rage Bullies the bulky phantom off the stage. Macready and the earlier Hamlets were accustomed to follow the description furnished by Ophelia, and to signify the madness of their hero, by appearing with one stocking, ' fouled, ungartered, and dpwngyved to his ancle.' Mr. Wopsle, it may be remembered, when, assuming die name of Waldengarver, he played Hamlet, wore his stocking dis ordered — ' its disorder expressed, according to usage, by one very neat fold in the top, which I suppose to be always got up with a flat iron.' Mr. Charles Kean seems to have been the first Hamlet who abandoned this stage tradition. Mr. Bunn writes of Charles Kean's performance at Drury-lane in 1838, ' It is literally a relief to see a Hamlet not re sorting to the vulgarism of having a stocking dangling at his heel, to prove the distemper of his mind.' Mr. Bunn finds further relief in the abandonment of another stage, tradition, which ordained that the first gravedigger should amuse the gallery by taking off an absurd series of waistcoats before beginning to dig. The gravedigger of 1838, it may be noted, was the late Mr. Compton— the gravedigger to Mr. Irving'* Hamlet of 1874. Leigh Hunt writes in his 'Tatler' of a performance of Hamlet in 1831, ' We were glad to see the folly of the gravedigger'B half-dozen waist coats discontinued. There is nothing in the author to warrant it.' Thereupon, a correspondent addressed a letter to the editor of the ' Tatler' defending the old practice, 'As to its being folly, if it be so, it is an exquisite bit of fooling, never failing to excite the merriment of the audience,_ with out injuring the progress of the play. And as to its not having the authority of the text to warrant it, the writer of the remark is, perhaps, not aware that, what is technically termed stage business, under which head it comes, is handed down from actor to actor, and_ that the joke of the six waistcoats has flourished from time immemorial, the oldest a;tors being unable to trace its origin. Is it not, therefore, more than probable that it is a fancy of Shakespeare him self? ' Leigh Hunt appends a goodnatured note, 'We think our correspondent's suggestion not unlikely; and do heieby give our critical warrant for the preservation of a due respect for this venerable piece of buffoonery.' Never theless, the tradition of the sis waistcoats incurred, at Ia6t, the neglect and contempt which were strictly its due. Upon the entry of the ghoBt in the closet scene, Hamlet was wont ' to kick down his chair, which, by making a sudden noise, it was imagined would contribute to the per turbation and terror of the incident.' In furtherance of this stage trick, Garriek had a chair specially contrived to fall at the lightest touch—' the cabriole feet being tapered, and placed so much under the seat.' Henderson was cen sured for his disregard of tradition in his performance of Hamlet. ' In our opinion,' wrote a critic assuming the name of Scourge, ' Mr. Henderson, departing from the established custom of the theatre, by sometimes neglecting to kick down the chair on the appearance of the ghost, which was never omitted by the greatest actor who ever graced the stage, and not having always got quit of his hat when he starts in the first scene, is a violation of dramatic decorum, and deserves severe reprehension. Deviations so slight as to evade the common eye, and innovations so trifling as to be thought unworthy of notice, have led the waj[ to heresies in religion, and the abolishment of order in civil govern ment. Let us nip error in the bud, and not by our silence give sanction to impropriety. Being once right, let us remain so!' These are brave words; it is not recorded that they greatly affected Henderson's method of per mance. He was an actor who thought for himself, and was remarkable for the intelligence and originality of his efforts. A certain innovation in his treatment of the pictures in the closet scene of ' Hamlet ' was condemned, not for its own demerits, but because it was ' too violent for a young man ' making bis first appearance in an important character. It seemed that he whirled the portrait of Claudius far from him. The pictures of the kings, we may note, have been the subject of varying traditions. According1 to Davies, it had been the practice of the stage, ever since the Restoration, for Hamlet to produce from his pocket pictures, ' not much bigger than two large coins or medallions;' and probably this was a following of the custom of Shakespeare's time, for we know on the authority of Downes the prompter, that 'Sir William Da vena nt taught the players the representation of Hamlet as he had seen it before the Civil War,' and that ' Mr. Betterton took every particle of Hamlet from Sir William Davenant, who had seen Mr. Taylor, who was taught by Mr. Shakespeare himself.' The production of these small pictures may have been convenient in Shake speare's time, when scenes did not exist, and the 6tage boasted few accessories of a decorative sort ; but the text implies whole- length portraiture. The late King is said to possess A station like the herald Mercury, New lighted on a heaven-kissing hill, A combination and a form indeed, &c;, &c.; The miniature pictures could hardly contain whole-length portraits. Stage necessity, however, may have set the text at defiance, even in the poet's own period, and compelled Hamlet, who in a previous scene had censured those who were purchasers of his uncle's ' picture in little,' to carry such a thing about with him in his pocket, on the chance of his requiring to exhibit it to the Queen. Assuredly the original intention was that the pictures should be whole lengths, painted on the panels, or worked upon the arras of the Queen's closet. 'But,' as Davies asks, 'if the scantiness of decorations compelled the old actors to have recourse to miniature pictures, why should the playhouse continue the practice when it is no longer necessary ? The other mode of large portraits would add to the graceful action of the player, in pointing at the figures on the wain scot. He might resume the chair immediately after he had done with the subje it, and go on with the expostulation. However, this is only a conjecture, which I throw out for the consideration of the actors.' The actors may-have ob jected, in that they would be required to turn away from the audience while dwelling upon the characteristics of the pic tures upon the wall — the player being always desirous of presenting his full front face to the spectators. It was long the custom of the stage to entrust comic actors with such characters as Polonius, Shylock, the Witches in ' Macbeth,' and the Lord Mayor in ' Richard the Third.' Garriek made creditable efforts to have Polonius interpreted after a more dignified fashion, and persuaded Woodward, on the occasion of his benefit, to appear in the part, and to play with gravity. The result was disappointing, however ; ' so little was the audience pleased with Woodward, or Woodward with himself, that he never after attempted Polonius.' Even in the theatre of to-day, although there has been a decided reform in this respect, there may be often seen players of Polonius unduly anxious to be comical. ' The Merchant of Venice ' had been adapted or mutilated by Lord Lansiowne in 1701, and as ' The Jew of Venice ' had kept possession of the stage until 1741, when Macklin revived the original play, and endowed Shylock with the gravity and dignity that are his proper attributes. In the hands of the low comedians, Dogget, Griffin, and Anthony Ashton, the Shylock of Lord Lansdowne's adaptation had been b very ridiculous figure ; but this comic treatment of the character had so amused and . gratified the public, that much doubt was expressed at the prudence of Macklin's re form. The actors, always timid about innovation, declared he would spoil the performance ; Quin, who was to play Antonio, told him he would be hissed off the stage for his presumption ; Flectwood the manager, urged him to abandon his resolution. Macklin held firm, however; during rehearsal he simply repeated the speeches of the character, without disclosing by look, or tone, or gesture, the manner in which he designed to act it at night. He was most anxious as to the result ; he was sure he was right ; but he was not sure that he could persuade his. audience. to think so. When he entered, not a hand moved to encourage him. Butafter his first scene, the applause was enthusiastic, his triumph was assurred,. On the third night he was rewarded by Pope's well-know criticism : This is the Jew That Shakespeare drew. There was an end for ever of the Jew that Lord Lanadowne had distorted. Another stage tradition of some endurance related to the performance of Portia. When Mrs. Clive played thu. part, she reduced the trial scene to burlesque, by introducing mimicry of some well-known lawyer, the audience by no means disapproving, but even applauding warmly. For a time, tho Portias who succeeded her were required to respect the traditions of her impersonation. It was, indeed, almost as difficult to suppress the-low-comedy Portia as the low-comedy Shylock. A comic Lord Mayor in ' Bbbard the Third' is said to have much gratified George the Second, whose knowledge of English was imperfect, an^ whose tastes were of an unrefined sort. Indifferent as to the Richard of the night, the King desired to see more of the comic Lord Mayor, who appears but once or twice in the course of the tragedy, and is quite a subordinate character. . »;, ??'' '-'-? Garriek had contemplated appearing as the Copper Cap tain, an admired character, in the comedy of ' Rule a Wife and Have a Wife ' ; but in one of the scenes, tradition re quired of the Copper Captain a peal of laughter, and this Garriek found himself unable to accompliah satisfactorily. There was no absolute reason for the laugh, it was not necessary to the performance, it was merely a piece of stage effect ; but it was felt that the audience would expect it, and would be disappointed at not obtaining it. Woodward was famous for his laugh. So Garriek, after repeated re hearsals, abandoned the part altogether. A 6tage tradition long interfered with the performance of ** Venice Preserved.' When Pierre, challenging the conspirators, addressed one of them in these terms : Oh, thou ! with that lean, withered, wretched face ! it was usual for an actor ' of a most unfortunate figure, with a pale countenance,' his sword half drawn, to advance and confront his accuser, the audience the while laughing heartily. Other stage traditions ordained that heroes should always wear plumes, and heroines trains ; that Boliliquies should be addressed to the pit ; that green baize should cover the stage on which tragedy is played ; that Cato in hiB closing scenes should wear a dressing-gown ; that when the Tilburinas of the drama go stark mad in white satin, their confidante shall follow suit in white linen. And upon conventionalisms of pose and gesture, the players have laid great stress : Unskillful actors, like your mimic apes, Will writhe their bodies in a thousand shapes ; However foreign from the poet's art, No tragic hero but admires a start. What though unfeeling of the nervous line, Who but allows his attitude is fine ! . . .' When Borneo, sorrowing' at his Juliet's doom, With eager madness bursts the canvas tomb, The sudden whirl, stretched leg and lifted staff, Which please the vulgar, make the critic laugh. The player's profession, as Lloyd sums up the matter Lies not in trick, or attitude, or start ; Nature's true knowledge is bis only art. - ' To this one standard make your just appeal; Here lies the golden secret— learn to f«el. — All the Year Hound. 