.) T HE PHA N' T O M M I N E tt. ,) - , -.(A story of the old gold digging days.) '/ " TblTj you a ghost story," said my rfnclc Ned, a hale old ) gentleman of 70 years. ."Well, I will relate a peculiar f affair that happened on Tall mans Gully, in 1859." \ We were all attention, and listened to the very remark - ( able narrative he related in the following manner : / Yon must know," commenced my nnclc, "that I and \ four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the ; ( river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ) we were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday's ( work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were ) every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink \ of a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. II lis ( confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did j ) not cease until the break of day. One night we were j determined to see who it was ; so we sallied forth in the j V bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel ) shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an j v old claim which had been deserted for many years. I was i r chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger; ) but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, j \ transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's V clothes was no liring man, hut a skeleton /" \ " Uncle Ned 1" we all cried, "how fearful." C " One night, our lent was visited by a handsome, wcll- / to-do looking man, of about fifty years of _ age, who \ enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. C He told us that in '51 he and a mate of his deserted from / one of Her Majesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans ; \ gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few : ( months, when the new comer went down to- Melbourne to / see about some letters. Before ho went, he saicl to his \ mate'j ' Bob, whattfver you do, never, stop> working the ; ( claim. for-a day .until I come back.' Bob .-promised, and j ) they parted. v< I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- j \ digger, 'and there was arrested as .a deserter;, and. sent on ( boarrV; and now that I have obtained my discharge, ! / havtehastcncd up Mere to find my old chum-.' ' You will ; \ see him . to- niglit,' I;said; ' but you'll find him very much f changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the : ) phant.omis pick was heard, and we' all turned out.- 'Ah I' ; ) cried'j-thej sailor, 'thcre'gldcar .old Bob. Bob; here I am ; ( back./ Bob, speak to me." He ran to the figure, which ) tiirnecl its hideous face on him. With-aloud shriek the seeker \ fell senseless on the1- ground. i\The> ghost threw down its I ' pick, mud vauisliccl. ( In the morning we discovered the : ) poor sailor a 'raving -lunatic'."-1 ' : 1 I -v " Oh, uncle Ned; \vhat a rfearful story." .. "Well , you-, asked me ..to tell you_ a- story, and I have . ) alone .sol"j Cj 1 i Jty- IV'i i - ) : ' j ' ( ' j j " Then, it is. not true ? " , . ... ",Well, said/our. uncle'; 'laughing, " it is as truolas inaiiy j ). of/the'absurd'yarns'that got about during the raging of r . 1 the gold 'fever; i;Ah, those were strange days, when, men wbiud' unclfcrgq ariy aihoimt of privation' for "a few ounces » ) tbf lg6ld\,r>rHbw diffie.rcnt it is now; for should a man be j v puWedBbi'-adargebr' small amount all that, he' has; to do j is to have an interview witlr ' ; ) DAVID HENRY, of- 152" Collins street east, ' < v Who has ffdiW£5/to .£ 10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills , ' of . sale"'(-with; ' or - without security), salary .orders, life : ) "pbirciesVaieftificat'es; deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, . merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- ' sons may be Entitled to' from England and elsewhere,. etc., ) repayable'-to'suit the convenience of borrowers. . Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and ' m or I gages from 6 per cent. 