LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. , f?JSetdef "enieF and ' sirveyor"are orowded .4 hy Vwill apipear in our next issue. se?rvu sal, peekly meeting of the otiog- committee of the Ipawieh Hospital was held on Thursday after' ppru- Ipt.:Present: Captain Towoaley (president), s~.d.i jr a re. Darrvell, Scott, Hoey, and Bostock. :~gppa-jpr 64i. ard £2, for the Muniipal Council arid twin 'Bros, respectively, were signed. The secre :tari :daft, of the oficeiol reply to the statements made in the report of the -Wawick Hospital Coms bitteeloanqeripeg the Ipswich institution was ap pfroved of? and signed. The meeting then terminated. T-Ihe farewell concert in honour of Mr. Jefferies s rme off in aceordance with previous announcement do the School of Arts lst evening before a very ,peleet audiaen ?We are glad to observe that the at dtendance of p raiting members was larger than we -isve seen it forsin timepast, thus beatifying to the regitwhik theiha elieeig felt at-the eeparation which ''s 'ghost to- take bploo betweeoi' them and their ?ensgetic conduetor. We expected to have seen a ShboueAsctthe inclemeney of the weather of f1kt o- dbiobuhhd. strongly deterrent effeete, pre i n :many frotp being present who have the o ae teests at heart. The programme opened 'h ad chorrns'by Bossini' "To the. treat l&fl; weang idth mech taste, the seperal i,:j iit u g lee takeh 'with' precision and the ?brsses rendered 'With" good effect. A lsdy from g asii nL :followe w*itha Ca?vsatina "Mia Madre" iri..ash-w. btt:o?'differeiutly rendered, as was lit::oseond pr ?dotion' 4hich the same lady at h impteb drang'he -eveaing. A-art-song and -;.?ll jrho#isbf'ltingtefitcreditablj gone through, n-,'-a ~mo 'islo,' -pp l kt Sn Oolnett" wee uleyed -wli-t - vyrent tdslet a young ladyjofaknowledged *bilitiia in connection with the'~oaiety. Purcell's TTodome unto thee Yellow 8aBds" was well ang, as was- l " i Fall fathbm fire," by the i en author, a' loer period oftlie entertainment. -46-A?'Qain plvay two violm solps:during the even :il with great tatea, ad his efforts were rewarded by ?Chnity-ap preisioin of. she audisice. Some part 4oos. having been auna, a solo: And choris from t- s 6pinis ("lnlpmatue were rendered in a most -x itable style, arid were well reeiPed. After a few 4alifes ilerval, aseleetion from U0Lucia de Lammer -ai?oP. 'as played :by the orchestra, the members of -whhtrned butin large numbers, testifyihg their \--in t ot --Mr. Jefferies on :his takling leave of the .ieetyodoroborirt period. Mendelesohn'e" Farewell l \- ol-4be Porbst":wrs sung with ouch feelinig and with /iTte?ncompa·imentai and wase received- with evident ?-upewiation by the audience. A duet, "Come o'er h:Modlit: Sea" (Deaerefa),. by a lady and penitle-. .tanatmateure well known to our Ipswibh audience, '- asuling waith much taste and ecpression, ehd weas erny warmly applauded, receiving the only encore of the evening. Some songs were given with good Seeot, amonugstwhich we may mention specially " Be. snember me" (Donietti), by a gentleman whb always -?iogs a good basssoung, and "' Theoh'erp in the air" by a ygluog lady, who hase an excellent voice, and at :all ltmeeappearn with much acceptance before an I:pewich eudience. The old favourite, "The Sisters of be Sea" (J'aeio on), ebrouaght a veryagreeable concert S-b! a close. We have been informed that arrange. mlrits IreA-ow Inder.cosideration which will enable. S-he somembers of the Ipswich Musical Booiety to con Stinnue their pleasing.concerts.. We only express the ouiiouns of the enmbers of the society when we-say ;t we- rish 'll.J'efferies a pleasant trip home, and r s.af ne ttrn amobgeutsq at no very distant date. A cricket match was played at North Ipswich on Saturday last between the the Southern Cross Cricket Club, of Little Ipswich and the first eleven of the State School Cricket Club of North Ipswich. The Southern Cross players were--L Carmody, Brannaly, Caruise, P. Carmody, Pigott (captain), Costello, Stevens, Roderick, Crack, Ball, and Rogers. The State School players were:--Tilley, Smith, M'Lennan, Kelso, Pryde (captain), Bryant, Barber, Ogilvie, Tallon, M'Neil, and Lambert, The State School Club took the wickets against the bowling of Pigott and Crack, :.s-acepe~eded in putting together 37 runs, Pryde and 'a ]er tattting weli. TheSouthern'"roaser" thentook " it'e ?t·agmansthe bowlng of Prydenid M'Lennan, and put together 58 rpns, Stevens 19, and P. Garmody .11;,hnndling the willow in good style. The State :.phool Oricket Ouob again took the wickets, end only starn ged to get I8 runs, leaving the Southern Cross 'yjcto?pu s in.one innings with S runs to spare, biother lot of marsupial scalps--72 kangaroo aind '-295 -vallabip- ws received at the Oourt- housee on ?bursday lalt from Sve contributore residing at the e?seowood, ssoifern, and Mount Esk. The valui of ts ssalps amounted to £6 7se 9d. S'We would again remind our readers that the BRe. \- J.-. H . Zillmann will to- morrow evening re-deliver his sermon on the Mosaic account of man's creation ..otbtriated with Darwinian and other sceptical theories. -?lAseeil collection will be made on behalf of the -paspehil mitsion fund. \- -?The cattle nuisance in this town is again rapidly tbecoming intolerable. We learn that several cows have lately been in the habit of louxurioing amongst t'ihe choice food to be found in the garden attached to Bt. Paul's Churth. On Thursday night last the front ate wss' opedcd, and a cow put in the parsonago tuds " hero she did some pounds' worth of dam. 'to tiree and flowers. Having boon discovered, was paut in the adjoining paddock for thie purpose Sbelu impounded ; but early in the morning she was reonoed-probably by the owner. Notwithetanding the apparent clo rices of the act, we would reapect tB?_ - l wmind the offender that he is liable to proseou ?oh.and severe punishment ; and we hope that our piw?, i e inspector will speedily make a raid upon all p:ne-eggling cattle, and so abate the nuisannoe. • -,4ttaption is directed to the programme of sports in connetolin with the St. Patrick's Day gathering, whith will take place on the 18th proximo. Some :very handsome prises are offered, and some rather : :oveal feats are to be attempted, such as tiltiog the ring, throwing a we;ght over a Ihorizontal bar, and '·sevneral.othere-in fact, athletes of every kind will ha - e an opportunity of displayingl their prowese. We are glad to notice that in many cases thle first price consists of somlciing tangible, and, as the prize-list is ba c;ry liberal one0, we have no doubtthat it will attract a large number of competitors. S AA edvertlisement in another column notifie, for IZh' information of jurors, witnesees, &c.;, that the S u~Lbhern District Court, which was to have been fold on the 19th proximo, huas been adjourned until the Sollowing day, Wednesday, the 20tip March. ,'-lor'summer beverage try Iced Warrilla Wine at -dohqn ,M.Pl rth's, North star Hotel. Its purity has w"?,Ppt tse d by.Mr. Earl Theodor Staigor, Govern jp A altIl Ohemist.-[Aty.J 95 We would remind our erickoeting readers that the match .yesen the West End and Grammar School Olubs, bsin on Saturday last, will be resumed on the recreatioh.ground, North Ipswich, this afternoon at 2380\. We ·understanod that, with one or two en ceptions, the same players will represent the two clubs. The members of No. 2 battery Q.V.. are reminded of the general meeting to be held at the drill-room at 8 o'clock -a Monday evening next, when the election of oon.cbmmissioned oficers will take place. Tenderi are invited for the construction of the first and seoend sections of the southern extension of the Southern and Western Railway-from Warwick to Stanthorpe. Tenders are invited for the supply of all material, except wire and insulators, and all necessary work maaship, for the erection of electric telegraph lines from Chinehills to Romas, along the surveyed line of the Western Railway, and from Tewantin to Oooth araba. The attention of merchants, private gentlemen, or speculators is directed to an advertisement in our pre sent issue announcing that 180 marine villa sites in the township of Southport will be sold in Brisbane, on the 18th March, by Mr.J. Cameron. Full particulars will be found on reference to the advertieement itself, which appears in our last page. We direct the attention of our readers in the Mount Esk district to an advertisement in another column announcing that the Rev. W. Roberteon, of New South Wales, is about to pay tlhem a visit, and will preach in the local Presbyterian Church on Sun day, the 8rd March. Mails for the United Kingdom and the Continent of Europe, oid Torres Straits, will close at the Ipswich Postaofie oan Wednesday next at the usuhl hoears. Everyone who has known Queensland for the last twenty years will bear with regret of the death of Mr. James M'Grath, at Tattersall'e Hotel, Townsevills. This melancholy event took place on thle afternoon of Friday, the 8th instant. The deceased had been nil ing for some time, and, although he would occasionally rally, it was evident that the end was at hand, not withstanding the untiring care of his medical atten sants and the tender solicitude of hie family and many devoted friends. Mr. M'Grath may be considered as having been a pioneer of the North in the line of busi iess which he has almost invariably followed since his arrival in what was known before the days of sepsrs tion as the Moreton Baydistriet. He was in business in Ipswich for some years, and afterwards removed to Brisbane, where he conducted his hotel business on a somewhat extensive scale. Mr. M'Grath afterwards came north on the outbreak of the goldfields, and very few of those who now gain their living by pick and shovel in these localities will fail to remember his many acts of kindness when the helping hand was needed. He leaves behind him a family of one son and two daughters, who are, it is gratifying to know, in comfortable nircumstanees, owing to tile judicious managementofthe deceased. It may beemphatically said of him that he was a friend to all, and a foe to none. The funeral took place on Saturday last, and was followed by a lengthy procession of carriage, and horsemen, comprising representatives from every busineseshouse in town and all classes ofthe community. TIhelast services for the dead were read by the Rev. Fatlter Foahy, who bad most opportunely arrived f,-m the Towers on Friday afternoon. The plate on the ofen showed that the deceased at the time of ideath was forty- eight years of age. loeceased was w'ell.known in this town and district and also in Gympie, where he was in business for some years. He was a brother of Mr. John M'Grnth, of the North Star Hotel.) TAYLOR BROTHERS' MARAVILLA COOOA. -Taylor Brothers, London, having the exclusive appply of this unrivalled Cocos, invite comparison with any other Cocoa for Purity, fine Aroma, Sanas tive, Nutritive, and Sustaining Power. One trial will 'etablish it as a fevourite Beverage for breakfast, lauinccheon, and a Soothing Refreshment after a late evening. For favourable opinionsa vcide Gtandard, Mornig Po t, Briti ii Medical Journal, eo. TAYLOR BROTHERS' HOM(EOPATHIO COCOA.--This original preparation, which has at tained such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by Taylor Brothers, under the ablest hommopathie advice, aided by the skill and experience of the in ventors, and will be found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, Sie aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nat. TAYLOR BROTHER'S SOLUBLE CHOCO. LATE, AND COCOA AND MILK, are made in one minute without boiling. TAYLOR BROTHERS' Clhoeolate Creams, Choco. late Cream Tablets, Chocolate Drops, and Mararilla Chocolate are highly delicious and wholesome. Packed in a superior and elegant manner. TAYLOR BROTHERS' MUSTARD.-The " Challenge" brand (double superfline quality) is cele. brated for its pungoncy and purity of ilavour. Steam Muille, SBri-lane, London. Export Chiciry Mills, Bruoges, Belgium. 