HOSPITAL COmiTTEE MEETING. The *iim?1 monthly mfyting of the Committee of tire Port Curtis and Ixachhanlt District Hospital was held on -6th March, in the €3erfc of Petty Sessions* roam in the Court house. There were present :— Messrs. R. *L Hunter (President), T. T. Famice (Hon. Treasurer), J. Ferguson, A. Feez, T. S. Hall, O. Tuson, O. M. Leigh, EL Schmidt, J. Brown, and W- O. Jackson. Dr. Campbell (Resident Surgeon) read the minutes of the previous meeting, which were The only letter received by the Secretary ?was one from Mr. Alexander, covering cheque for £26 19s. Sd_, the net proceeds of the late TtertenmH'nt on frffrdf of the HospitaL ? On. tiie motion of Mr. Hcktee, seconded by Mr, Feez, it was imanimoaidy passed- thai the Secretary be instructed to acknow ledge tiie letter to the gentlemen composing the. Amateur Christy Minsteeh; for their rexy faandsonte contribution. Dr. Campbell then submitted the tenders he had received in reply to advertisement for supplies for the ensuing year. For medicines, the tenderers were, Messrs. Rou- eandCripps ; batter, Mr. J. Pattison ; bread, Mr. Smith ; milk, and eggs, Messrs. Egan, Wilson, and Cadwallader; wood, Mr. CadwaHader ; gro ceries, Messrs. Joseph Eattison. W. F. Wai ton, aad Walter Cook. The President would recommend that a sub-committee should consider these tenders, and report to the Commiteethat day week. The suggestion of the President vxb adopted, on the motion of Mr. Hall, seconded by Mr. Fraason, that a sub committee, consisting of the President, Mr, Jackson, Mr. Leigh, and the Secretary, be appointed to consider the several items and re port to special meeting of the Committee to be held that day week. The accounts for tiie month amount**, to £2S7 3s., the amount having been eo large on account of heavy items for mosquito netting and surgical mstnimentE. The accounts were audited and. found correct by Messrs. Jackson and Tuson. Mr. Leigh moved and Mr. Ferguson seconded, that the accounts be passed and paid. Passed unanimously. Tne President mentioned that tiie Colonial Architect had written to Dr. Salmond requesting to see, if possible, the old dans of the HospitaL Unfortunately, by eomeamdent, these had beenlost, so that ft was impossible to comply with tiie request; but li thought that Mr. Stanley should be famiAedwiSia sketch of the outride of the braiding and the elevations. B we decided torefeffte matter to the President to fake the action he considered advisable. Mr. Ferguson stated that the Improvement Committee had met with regard to the water supply. He had got the Town Surveyor to furnish particulars of supplying the Hospital with water. From the document it appeared that the fall from the bottom of the reservoir to the building was 31 feet 4 inches, but that there was 'a total header fall of 47 feet 4 inches. By one estimate the cost of laying down pipes would be £336 14s., but with 1.5 inch pipe the cost would he £435 12s. It appeared that the cost of a task would be about £200; and in reply to a question Dr. Salmond stated that there were 18 feet of water in the large and 14 feet in the smaller tank. The President requested Improve- ment Committee to consider the subject and bring up a report upon it. It was decided that the sob-committee forthe consideration of the tenders should meet in Mr. B. M. Hunter's office on Monday afternoon, at four o'clock. This concladed the businesE. Moot Osasra Copter. Must— From the manager's report, as published in the Modus Standard of 2nd instant; we extract the foBowmK:— 'The lode in the shaft on Ktz geraM'siodeistor the most part very hard, with occasional irriiTT* ox the sulphnnBte of copper. There is, however, near the £ootwa& of the lode a branch of iron and gossan, con taining some very rich nrallnhlp, or satin: copper, with a little doll lead colored oxide. ISe branch is from six to nine inches wide, and appears opening out on going east where I cut into it about a foot. I Save bagged four or five hundredweight of this ore, which avenues nearly fifty per cent. Specimens can be obtained here wnich would yieM fully seventy- five per cent of copper. ** Tobxedo Defekol— On the subject of torpedoes a correspondent writes to tiie SyAKy ifcrmms HmM:— 'Are we not relying too much on a comparatively new system of defence? Has there been a weH .ntfiFTi)jrat«l instance of the destruction of a man-of-war by the explosion of a torpedo fired by electricity; I know that vessels have been destroyed by torpedoes placed under them by torpedo boats, and also by the explosion of torpedoes fitted witii perensskm caps, against which vesBeUhavecomeai contact; butlbave not been able to find a single instance where a vessel was destroyed or injured by a torpedo exploded by an electric liattery. Xt is easy enough to blow op a vessel rjlaced directly over the torpedo by way of experiment, tot ft would be a very different task -when appli^J to a vessel in rapid movement on a dark night.' Wax Mb. Douglas Deset.t Mabyb»boc«h J —The Brisbane German paper, tiie Xotrl -duCroSrcte Zeitang, of Saturday, February 23, contains the following article in ins l**An*g columns : — ' We bear from a certain source, and which we have every reason to believe is correct, that Mr. John Douglas, the Premier, intends, at tiie next general election, to contest the seat for Toowoomba. Weghre this announcement with some reservation, op we are not aware why Mr. Douglas should not remain member for Maryborough, but cannot refrain from saying that we should be very much pleased if it were Mr. Douglas' intention to do so. We could not wish for a better representative for our friends in Toowoomba, and are convinced that his friendly disposition towards the Germans in the last session are so wen-knownas to guarantee him a maiority, especially so, astheOcnnansinToowoombaffor their present representative did Ant deem it ? necessary to defend them from Hk attack of Mr. Morehead) are not particnlarly taken with Mr. Groom now, nor agree wztii his political views.' A GfiOST STOEr. — The ATnama corres pondent of the Bivaim. Brrald sends the following particulars of a ghostiy sensation near the border town : — ' About ten miles from Moama, on tUu east side of the line, stands a dummy Loose, This honse has been occupied by a party of dam-sinkers and bark rineers. These men aver that about a fort ni£pit ago they were disturbed by knockings on the iron roof, and tiiat upon getting np they saw tiie figure of a woman, when one among their number put the question, ' What do you want Missus?1 to which the figure re plied that she had been nmrdered near Uta spot, and that the bones of herself and infant would be found towards the end of the hut, where they were placed fourteen years aa- bv Morgan tiie bushranger. One of the party! who possessed a whip made a strike at the figure, which did not more. The foDswing day tiie news spread, and the next night a large party assembled when the apparition again made its appearance, and the whole of these persons swear most distinctly that they saw the figure of a woman, and notiiing can induce them to think otherwise. Last nicht a detachment of the Moama police, under command of Sergeant Vaughn, went out to see if there was anything to be seen, and there is no doubt if any person had been 'playing larks' he would have received a little coW lead! Upon the return of one of the police this morning I ascertained that while in the honse last night a terrific noise was made on tiie roof like tiie sound of a heavy hammer, whereupon the party rushed out of the honse but could see nothing. The noise was repeated several tames, and many of the party, amongst whom were men supposed to be possessed of courage, seemed very glad on tiie approach of the grey dawn. Hie mystery, however, remains the same, and anoOier party is to be organised, who, together with the ponce, intaShtTgo out agam to try aad dear np the mystery The men who were living in the hut have left it to the ghost, and gone and «i«ppi wm; ? dam. It seems remarkable thatfiurhr men should became alarmed, and positively aver that there is something in it.' ^^ 