Topics. THERE has been a very great anxiety on the part of some of our friends to bring the following paragraph, which appeared in the latest issue of the Australian Star under our notice. It professedly emanates from a writer whose contributions come under the heading of "Both Sides of the Wall, by the Man on the Top :"— There is a rumour in town that Mr. Derrington, of Y. P. Advertiser, is to be appointed a stipendary magistrate for Southern Yorke's Peninsula by his friend Mr. Boucaut. We crave permission to say that our politeness and patience have been so far taxed by congratulations that we decline to receive any more — the thing has grown monotonous! Of course we cannot but admire the inventive genius of the Editor of the Star, and his zeal in our personal interests : his merits should place him in a much higher position than he has even now attained ! But since the announcement has not a particle of truth in it (so far as we are aware), and nothing has been thought said, written, or done in that direction to our knowledge, it may perhaps be as well for the Star to abstain in the future from that special line of sensationalism which has no ground-work of fact. We say this with perfect friendliness ; and to the "Man on the Top" of the Wall, we beg to suggest that the position he has chosen to take (stronglv suggestive of prying impertinence !) judged by the ordinary rules of social life, is not one to be proud of ; and we recommend an early abandonment of its equivocal advantages. Mr. PENDLETON, the Government Railway Traffic Manager, was expected to arrive oil the Peninsula last night (Monday) to arrange for the working of the Kadina and Wallaroo Railway property from the date wh«-n it comes into the possession of the Government, to wit, the first of March. It may lie presumed that for the present'at least there will be no very marked alteration mstde in the present system of management ; and this view is supported by he circumstance that the present employes of the Company have, we believe, received no notice of the disontinuence of their services. Probably the arrangements to be made by Mr. Pendleton—with his special experience and efficiency — will be fairly satisficiory • and will include perchance the retention of Mr. Schroder, the Company's Manager, and his staff of •mployes. His management of the line has been thoroughly in the interests of the Company, and lias been remarkably economic ; and it is to be expected that he would work equally well for the Government. And besides this, Mr. Schroder has experience in railway construction, and there is not the • lightest doubt but that the Government might with advantage hand over to him the plans and levels for the new line from Kadina to Wallaroo, and leave him to carry it out on much the same system of woiking as that he lias already adopted with so much success in the extension of the existing lines. We think this experiment might be tried with beneficial results. Discoursing on the coming the Kapunda Herald says— elections There will be rui attempt to initiate a struggle between protection and free trade. Payment of members will probably be proposed, and, in reference to pub ic works, \TG believe two of the most important measures will be ii'troduced that have ever been brought befoie the Parliament of South Austialia. We refer to the construction of a large jetty and break water for ocean steamers and ships of heavy tonnage in Largs Bay, near the Semaphore ; and the breakwater at Port Victor. The outer harbour, as it has been called, at Port Adelaide is a work of pressing importance, and one which cannot be delayed without loss and injury to the colony. It was thought that by this time tenders would have been advertised for the extension of the Moonta Bay Jetty, as it was quite understood that the plans were ready, awaiting the. decision of Parliament as to the expenditure, It somewhat disappointing now to experience delay; especially when we find the steamers trading hither so fre- quently grounding (as did the Euro on its last trip) if they attempt to dis- charge cargo at the jetty. Our contemporary, the Licensed Viclu: allrm' Gazette, in its last issue was very strong in its denunciation of the conduct of the Temperance party in laying itself out for securing tile return of men for the next Parliament favorable to their piinciples. But it was quite silent as to the operations of the body it represents—the Licensed Victuallers Association, which are we understand, being, very actively and -withal secretly directed to the iutro- duction of men approved by them to the several constituencies. It is.asserted they are doing this for the purpose of new legislation on the Beer Question, the idea being a consolidation of the I law, with the total omission ot Mr. Nock's contribution to - existing legislation. To secure this end they must make a strong party-vote in the Assembly, and hence their active interest in the coming political struggle. The ticket submitted to this district, as we have been informed, included the names of Messrs. R. D. Ross, R. Barr Smith (of the firm of Elder and Co.), and W. H. Beaglehole, formerly of the Royal Hotel, Moonta, and now a brewer in Adelaide. But we have positive information that Mr. Smith will not offer himself for this electorate (though there have been requisitions in course of signature in some parts of the district) ; and we are not at all sure, though Mr. Ueaglehole has undoubtedly many friends in this neighborhood, i that he would stand the ghost of a i chance. On the main question touched upon by the Licenned Victuallers I Gazette we hold that the one party haa as much right to form a programme as the other. We act and feel as though it were an | ever-recurring surprise to us that our i friends drop from our side so unexpectj edly and so frequently. -We think the j real surprise is that we can forget them I so readily when they have gone. The I wave of life, and its following wave of death, can best be understood, perhaps, in view of tiiese facts, compiled by statisticians who have devoted their attention to this subject .— Ten thousand human beings set forth together oil their journey. After ten years, one lbird at least have disappeared. At the middle point of 1 lie common measure of life but half are still upon the road. Foster and faster as the ranks grow thinner, they th.it remain til! now, become weary, an ', lie down :>111] lise no mure. At threescore and ten a hand of some 400 yet. struggle on. At ninety these have been reduced to a handful of thirty trembling patriarchs. Year after year, they fall in diminishing numbers. One lingers peihaps, a lonely raaive!, till the century is over. We look again, and the work of death is finished. 'I'm: Queensland Patriot gives, in a homily on the inad visibility of allowing civil servants to vote at, or take any part in, elections, the following view of the Victorian difficulty :— It is no secret to those acquainted with the inner current of Victorian politics, that the Civil Servants of that colony have for many years pulled the political wires, and endeavored with more or lens success to diieet the course of political events. They have intrigued and inanomvred, and in many cases owed their advancement to the services they rendered to the party which had their support. Now, retribution has overtaken them. Of those that have fallen, seme have been known as active agents of the defeated party, and have been struck down as enemies in an embittered strife. But there are others among the victims whose fate, has been still more richly deserved. These in times past have secretly aided the rise to [lower of the very Stonewall party that has cast them out. Treating polities as a ladder to climb to the high places in the service, and used by the unscrupulous Berryites as convenient tools, they are now cast aside as worthless—or perhaps sacrificed to preserve an appearance of equity. The upper ranks of the Civil Service have formed a faction—a power within a power—held together by mere selfishness, making common cause in all that concerned their own inlerest«, and utterly forgetting that they were nothing but the tervunts of the State. Their punishment has been a heavy one, but has it been altogether undeserved ? Rkceivkd—The Annual Report of H12 Melbourne Total Abstinence Society for 1877. Thk Moonta Bay lightship is to go on duty at Eastern Shoal, Silencer's Gulf, for the assistance of vessels making for or from Port Augusta. We are sorry to note that Councillor Thorn, of Wallaroo, has found it necessary to obtain six weeks' leave of absence from his official duties on the score of ill-health. Burton's Circus was well patronised on Saturday evening at Moonta, and the per- formances gave, general satisfaction. The troupe visit Southern Yorke's Peninsula this week. THE Rev. W. Wilson was met at a farewell public meeting last night at the Congregational Church. Kadina, on the eve of his departure for England. A testimonial was presented in evidence of the esteem in which he is held by those who have had the advantage of his personal acquaintance and his earnest*ministrations. In our report of the concert held at the Institute, on Wednesday last, we omitted to mention that Miss Dawson played the first overture, from Tancredi. Our reporter wa* not present, at the time, but we have been informed lhat the piece was very creditably perf' lined. Messrs. Bargwanna and Williams also rendered valuable service in some of the choruses. Dame Fortune doea not serve all alike, and sometimes proves very lavish of her smiles, v. lites the Aren.s 1'jjtrc.sa. ''A farmer at Yarrowie had f/jO acres under ei/vp thin season, and will reap an average of 1 Jj bushels <\- 1 he acre. He has had four 1 e: 1 pei s, at woik tor t lie purpose of gelling t he ei < p i".. H ireUi 1113 at o.s. per bushel only mean £1,875." We direct attention to Messrs. Moody and Furner'fl sale of Winzer Bros. Farm. Stock, and Implements, to be held this day :it Kalkabury. Time of sale one o'clock.— Mr. -1. Daniels farm, &c.;, will be sold at auction, by Messrs. Moody ami Furner, at Moonta Bay, on Wednesday, February 27th ; and Mr. 'J'. E. Dodd'a property, about 2! 2 miles from Maitland. on Thursday, 28th. The dwelling of Mr. D Brown (Brown and Sons). Kadina, was struck by lightning on Friday morning last. Our contemporary states that Mr. J. Brown, who was stand- ing at the window, was knocked backwards, a bundle of gilt moulding was struck and scattered about the room, a piece striking Mr. Bayley rather severely. A cat in cross- ing the room at the time was killed, the fur along its back being ruffled as if raised by means of a jagged stick. The track of the current was plain discernable, and a strong sulphurous odour prevaded the apartments afterwards. P. C. Bray is to be transferred from Kadina to Gladstone. He has been regarded as an eflicient and zealous officer. P. C. j Bennett, of Gladstone. takes his place. Moonta. was favored with a fine fall of rain, accompanying a. thunderstorm, on Friday night. The rainfall was very partial ; but in those localities to which it extended it gave a welcome addition to the small stock of water. Mr. Furness, the well-known manager of the Kadina Branch of the National Bank, is about to be removed ; and it is purposed to present him with an address and an accompanying purse of sovereigns. Mr. Furness has been in the district a great number of years, and has made many attached friends. OPTHALMIA.—We regret to hear that opthalmia has affected the children belonging to the Moonta Model School to such a degree as to affect tie attendance last, week to the extent of nearly one hundred We believe the disease has been prevalent almost throughout the Peninsula.— Perhaps some of our readers may find it useful to know that in Victoria the most successful treatment, and that affording the most speedy relief to sufferers, was the appli'-a- 1 ion of a blister on ea< h side of the head, in the region of the eyes. Those who have been so treated btate that; the irritation in the eyes ceases so soon as the blisters begin to Lake effect. AT the Moonta Police Court on Saturday, a man named Brarley was brought up on warrant, charged under the Inebriate Act by his wife with habitual drunkenness, to the injury of himself and his family. He pleaded guilty, and gave the names of the publicans who had been in the habit of supplying him. The usual certificate was ordered to issue, prohibiting publicans supplying the man with drink at any time during the next, twelve months ; and the man (who was described as a peaceable man and good workman when he was not under the influence of drink) left the Court with his wife A charge of using indecent language brought against the same man was dismissed.— A man named Henry Purcell was on the same date fined 5s. for indecent behaviour in the locality of a public house at which he had been drinking. Dr. Duncan, of Port Adelaide, is dead. The Areas Express has now become a biweekly. I"'.' the Meadows district fruit ia scaroe and small. It is proposed to Mount Gambler. start a Gas Company Port Macdonnell (S.E.) is agitatirg for a railway to Mount Gambier. It is feared that the Agricultural Society at Clare is almost defunct. The foundation- stone. of the Narracoorte Hospital was laid on the 16th inst. Tin-: foundation-stone of a new Institute at Mintaro has been successfully laid. Mr. D. NOCK has. definitely stated his intention to retire from Parliarnentaiy life. Tiik Rev. Fathee Fox, Gawler, has. by riding a bolting horse, broken both his arms. 'I'm: Rev. Father Rogalaski ban been lecturing at Lower Wakefield on drunkenness. The farmers about Auburn are holding back their wheat in the expectation of better prices. Mr. LOUTIT, Manager of the National Bank at Auburn, is being transferred to Gawler. A testimonial. A Masonkj Loijgk under the English Constitution was opened at Laura 011 Friday, with imposing ceremonial. BUSINESS is very brisk at Gladstone, and the opening of the Caltowie Railway does not seem to have depressed it. Thi-: Khorassan, iroin England, has arrived at Victor Harbor, with railway iron for the North- West Bend line. Tin: country around Cooper's Creek is now looking splendid, and the cattle and sheep are said to be in fine condition. A German living near Milicent nsseits that he knows a specific for prevention of rust in wheat ; but be wants £. r ,(M) for his secret 1 A man, name unknown, from Boolcoomafta, was found dead in his lied on Sunday, at Williams'; boarding- house, Hindley Street, Adelaide. GOLD DIGGING at Echunga is almost impossible because of the ground being so wet. At Biggs's Flat two men obtained six ounces of gold about a fortnight ago. Theui: are 26 vessels, ranging from 400 tons downwaids, in the Port at the present time, several at the anchorage, and tin? town presents a very bu-.y appearance.— Port Pirir (iazalht. Thi:iuc is going the 'ound of the papers a charge against Mr. Varley, the Evangelist, of sectarian proselyligation. It has been made in his absence ; probably it may have some light thrown upon it when he becomes aware of the charge. THI-: Albert Electorate are modest enough in all conscience 1 They held a little meeting at Kincraig on Tuesday last, at which they invited six local men to fight fur the t-Ao vacancies ! The electoral roll for the district contains 1,283 names. FISTICUFFS !_Our Mallala Correspondent relates a scene in which our old acquaintance, Mr. Cowan, M.P., (the disciple of Mr. Ebenezer Ward), who so constantly used to boast of his aversion to newspapers, figuied with less of dignity than of force. Our readeis are referred to the letter itself. In consequence of the war news the congregation at. the Congiegalion.il Church, Noith Adelaide, oil .Sunday se'nniget sang at the ' lose of the service I)wight s hvmn. "God ble-s our native land.'' to the tune of the National Anthem. It was sung with great spirit, and the effect was boLh good and so lemn. It is stated that the contributions per head of the population to the Indian Famine Relief Fund throughout the various colonies are—South Australia ll^d., Tasmania 13 , Victoria nearly 8d.. New Zealand ?4'1.. New South W ales (1 l jt and Queensland -l^'l., making an average 1 f 7^d. per head throughou the Colonies. Potato farming in the Mount Gambier district should pay. The Border Watch men- tions a field of Jilty acres turn ng out eight tons to the acre. The crop had b.'en purchased by a speculator at £1] per acre, and a lot of them have been since sold by the fortunate buyer at£'J per ton. It is thought the Mount. Gamhici growers will be able to keep the Adelaide market supplied. Insolvekcie- (says an Auburn coirespondent of the Northern Aryux) appear to be plentiful just now in all parts of the distii'-t. The other day a person asked a solicitor what it would cost him to call a meeting of his ('/editors. The first quest ion naturally was, " What have you got V The reply was, ''Well, I stand up in all I possess." It is neetiless to say the lawyer declined the ,|honot of seeing him through. 