I THE MERCURY. Fill DAY MORNING, JUNE 31, W8. SOME of tho rate-payers of Spring Bay imagino thoy havo a grievance against the MINISTER of LANDS and WORKS, andMr. CIIAKYES MEREDITH, as tho Warden of that Municipality, is accord- ingly in his olomont. - Tho lion, gentleman is never satisflod unless ho has something to grumble about, und oven thon ic is impossible to satisfy lum, so that if tho griovanco wore his alone, ho might be permitted to do the best ho could with it. "But in tho action ho has recently taken with regard to tho removal of tho Govern- ment surveyor to Swansea, ho is prompted by certain ratepayers, and much capital is being made out of a matter wh-ch is capable of a very good explanation. Theso ratepayers, it appears, complain that'by the romo val from Spring Bay of the surveyor employed under tho Public Works Construction Apt, thoir wants aro entirely ignored, works that, woro to havo been constructed uudor tho Local Public Works 4-Cjt by tho inhabitants aro loft undone, and tifo Älunicipality generally is " being loft out in tho cold," a triplet of calamities which wo aro suro tho Government havo no desire to seo that promising district afllictod with. In thoir help- lessness, the ratepayers appealed to tho WARDEN to tnko ouo of two courses in order that tho district might not suftbr in the way described either to ropresont the matter to the Govern- ment, or to call a public mooting to discuss tho question. The WARDEN no doubt was delighted ¡ a splendid opportunity presented itsolf to oxposo the dreadfully partial manner in which tho Government woro expending tho money voted by_ Parliament for public works, and thoroforo, not satisfied with complying with the wishes of tho ratepayers, ho promised to tako both courses indicated. Hu has dono so ; ho has callod a - public mooting to bo hold at Triabunna on Monday no.\t, and ho has written to the MINISTER of LANDS and WORKS, so that the dozon ratepayers who signed the requisition ought to fool highly gratifiod that thoy havo such a zealous AVARDEN. Wo trust, howavor, that thoy aro not very sanguino as to tho result, for wo aro quite certain if the WARDEN will only read to thom, on Monday, tho corres- pondence on this subject that ho has had with the MINISTER of LANDS, they will at least admit that had thoy boen in possession of the whole of tho facts, thoy would have hesitated before placing thoir WARDEN in a position to display his ill-feoling against the present Ministry. Let us briefly narrate the history of this affair ; it may bo useful, as well as interesting, to the .rutopayors in othor muncipalities which aro to bo the recipients of somo of. the monoy voted by the Legislature for public works. In January last, the municipality of Spring Bay passed a resolution instructing the WARDEN to communicate with the MINISTER OF LANDS >' with tho viow of ascertaining the intended action of tho Government with respoct to-lho portion of tho £4,000 voted by Parliament for the road between Richmond and ¿SwanBoa, to bo ex- pended in the municipality of Spring-Bay, and also with regard to the sum of £1,500 voted by Parliament for the erection of a jetty and cause- way at Spring Bay." The WARDEN, in trans- mitting this resolution to the MINISTER OP LANDS, accompanied it with some observations of his own, in which he was very particular to point out that whilo there were only 13 miles of tho road in the Richmond municipality, and l8 in the municipality of Glamorgan, thoro woro 41 in Spring Pay, and that ac- cordingly, the last-named municipality was ontitled, out of the £4000, to roceiyo £2277, leaving £999 for G'amorgan and £722 for Rich- mond. No doubt some of our readers will remember this as an old and familiar argument which Mr. MEREDITH is very fond of adducing. Ho lins repoatedly maintained, both in and out of Parliament, that tho principle upon which this £4000 should be expondod is that the municipality which Ijas the greatest number of milos of road in it (i.e., Spring Bay), is enti- tled to tho lion's sharo of tho yqto, Tho absurdity and the unfairness of such a principio aro obvious on the face of it. A road thirtoon miles in length may cost as much to moko as a road 41 milos in longth ; tho expenditure must bo rogulatod acoording to tho discription of country passed through, No ona knows this hotter than Mr. "MEREDITH, who, as "one of -our earliest settlors, is porfectly fa- miliar with" tho construction of roads and othor public works in the country districts ¡ and theroforo wo havo no hesitation in saying that ho has boon claiming for Spring Bay the application of n principio which lie would bo Borry to soo rigidly can iod out. The MINISTER OP LANDS, having fought against this principio in the Assembly, wisely refrainod in his reply from again attempting anything of tho sort. Ho contented himself, wo beliovo, with stating that the object for which the £jt,000 was voted would bo kopt steadily in viow, and that the money would bo oxpcndod in such manner as, upon tho report of the ENOINEUII-IN-CJUHF, might appoar best calculated to accomplish that object, adding that ho, as tho responsible hoad of tho department, could scarcely bo actuated / by any other feeling than to seo that the desire of the Legislature was justly and equitably 'carried out.% At the same time, he expressed a wish to be favoured with the opinion of Mr. MEREDITH and other residents as to the best place for constructing the causeway. So far as wo aro awaro, this communication was not replied to, and to nil nppoarances the WARDEN, councillors, and ratepayers of Spring Bay had such confidence in tho honosty and integrity of tho MDUSTÜR or LANDS that they wero willing to allow him to expend tho money as ho, in the exercise of his judgment, thought best ; but it was not so. The removal of the surveyor is the occasion for the reiteration of the old complaint, and the MINISTER OF LANDS is condemned for his injustice and neglect. The WARDEN, we understand, in 'his representation to the Government, was bitter and sarcastic, na wo know ho can bo if he chooses. Ile was also reckless in his statements, another of tho many characteristics which havo .distin- guished him as a public man. For instance, ho stated that without obtaining the opinion of tho ENOINEKR-IN-OWIEI' as to the appropriation of tho £4,000 in Richmond, Spring Bay, and Glamor- gan, a preference had been given to the latter. Now, had he taken the trouble to inquire, ho would havo been informed, as he has now been, that the opinion of tho ENQJNEER-IN-CHIEÏ was obtained and has been acted upon by tho MINIS- TER OF LANDS ¡ and that no preference whatever has been given to Glamorgan, the ENGINEER-IN CJJIEÏ- having obeyed his instructions so far as to got the most urgent work undertaken first, without any reference to locality or any other consideration'.whatever, But apart fioin that, tho WARDEN needs to be reminded that in tho Act by which the £4,000 was appropriated nothing is said, about Richmond, Spring Bay, or G:amorgan municipalities in con- nection witli this particular vote. Tho item was passed as tho construction of .1 f' road from Richmond to Swansea," and to the MINISTER op LANDS was delogatod the important task of seeing that the money was judiciously and impartially laid out. But Mr.. MEREDITH is excessively jealous of Glamorgan, and has become imbued with the notion that, for flume mysterious reason or other, Mr. BROV/B is determined to favour that municipo'lity at tho expense of Sprjng Bay,' Ho has gone so far, wo understand, as to assoit that' surveys of works havo been mado in Glamorgan, the constiuction of whíph would absorb half tho £4,000, and that tenders for works in Glamorgan have been invited before An estimato of works in Richmond or Spring Bay has been obtajnod. The facts aro, we believe, that the surveyor stationed tlforo lias supplied particulars of works on the road be- tween Swansea and Spring Buy, and that these are now waiting the return of tjje JSNpnfBERriN Ciiief from Melbourne to bo examined, TJjc ratepayers of Spring Bay may be assured that if tho carrying out of the work as proposed by the I surveyor will involve excessive or disproportion- ate expenditure for "that part of the road, such alterations will bo mado OS will ensure a fair dis- tribution of the money ; and that tijera is not the least intention of doing an injustice to theil' district, or of leaving them out in the cold. The MmibTER or LANDS, we aro convinced, is actuated, iii his administration of tho affairs of tho dopailmei)fc over which ho presides, solely by a desire lo projnofe tlie" wolfaro of tho colony as a whole ; but no Minister could possibly giyp enfin) satisfaction iu supervising expenditure for public works j ho is certain to tread on somebody's corns, so that Mr. BROWN may, in meditating on the displeasure, which his action appears to have ereated at Spring Bay, console himself with the thought that lie has, so far, aoeoinnlished his unenviable task without much complaining on tjio part of tho public. ' S Thoro is an idoa prevalent at Spring Bay that the department is consurablo for the delay that has taken place in inviting ten- ders for certain works there ; but tho WAR- DEN ought to be takon to fnpU for that. Ho never condescended ovon to reply to the requost of tho MINISTER OF LAND? for his opinion and that of other residents as to the best place for the causeway, though Mr. BROWN was courteous onough to forward him a plan with two suggested sites marked thoroon ; so that, judging from this noglect, there is not a very eager desire on the part of Mr. MEREDITH or any of tho residents to havo the -work carried out. But fortunately for thom, the department has not waited for the result of their prolonged deliberations ¡ plans and specifications for both causeway and jetty aro boing prepared, and i« a short time tenders will bo invited, Wo hope this will bo satisfactory to the ratepayers, and that they will seo that they havo boon a little prematuro ÍH their action. Wo may inform them, too,.that the department is not too well equipped. Considerable difficulty has been met with in obtaining a sufficient numbor of compe- tent road surveyors, which is nuito a distinct branch of tho profession from that followed by land surveyors, and therefore, if as much pro- gress in the carrying out of the authorised public works has not boon made as somo 'pooplo think ought to have been mado, no blaine is attached to the department. IT will bo soon by our roport of tho special meet- ing of tho City OoijrçcjJ, hold yestordny, that tho suggestion of tho MAYOR to consider the roport of tho Director of Water Works as to charges for water used by manufacturers, etc., with a view its being published for general information, was not adopted, a proposal of Aldorman PIKE, seconded by Aldorman BUKOESS, that tho ques- tion be deferred until tho regular mooting of tho Council on Monday next, having boon possod by by a majority, Tho reason nssignod for postponing tho mattoe ivas that it was not proper, after a quostion had boen dis- posed of by tho 'unanimous voice of a full Council, to re-opon it in tho absence of a mem bor, (Aldorman MAKUK). The MAYOR defended his action on tho ground "that he had given notice of a special mooting for this express purpose It leaked out in tho discussion that somo fportion of tho report in ques- tion had boen suppressed at the timo it was «udor discussion last February, and that oxcoption waa taken to the publication of this particular document at that time. From so much of it as was made public, we gather that the report of Mr. CHRISTOPHERSON was prepared in accordance with instructions, and it mentioned that he had visited the manufactories, giving the names of the proprietors, and of the amounts paid by them, and submitting the sums he considered should in each case be paid by the proprietors, He recommended that the supply to those establishments should be by meter only, which would not only bring in larger revenue, but effectually check an extravagant use of water. The Director estimated that about one-fifth of the total water supply was used by manufacturers ¡ and that the amount of revenue paid by them, for water was only about half its cost to the Corporation. He recommended that should the Council not think fit to rosort to iho system of motors; tho noxt best courso would bo to inoroaso tho amounts of rates, which wero much lower than thoso ohurgod in Melbourne. Wo findthatatasubsoquont mooting, Mr. Aldor- man BtmoEss oxprossod himself in strong torms of approval of tho Diroctor of Waterworks, whom ho considorqd tho right mau in the right place, and ho hopod ho would rocoivo tho unanimous support of every alderman. Ho rogrottod, however, that there was too much of personal intovost displayed in cortain quarters, and a kind of fooling shown of " Don't interfere with ino, and I will i)ot inter- ioro ívith thoo." Mr. Buitonss said ho trusted tho Council would li y and stamp it out. Ii) tho course of tho samo dobato Mr. Bunonss con- tended that tho first duty was to soo that thoy had a full supply for domostjo uso, and thon appropriate the rosiduo for manufactories, niuohiuory, and irrigation. Ha was glad that tho Waterworks Committee and tho Ways tmd .Means Committee liad concurred in recommend-' ing the systom of supply by motor. What did they find ? Why, the first name on the list furnished by the Director in his report wa3 that of an establishment which con- sumed at tho rate of 35,000 gallons of water per day, for which the iibsurdly small sum of £25 was paid. The next name on the list was tho owner of a ton-horse engine, and for his consumption of water the ridiculously insignificant sum of 25s. per annum only was paid. Ho could not understand the strong opposition raised to tho meter system, unless it arose from interested motives. All this was fair and sensible talle on tho part of Mr. Alderman BUBOES.? ; but it would have, been bettor, we think, lind the list not been kept in the back ground. . Mi". BURGESS yesterday, in seconding tlio motion to defer tho question of publishing the report of Mr. CiinisTOPirEiif.oiT, until Monday next, guarded himself against the idea that ho was in favour of suppressing documents. Ho promised his endeavour to afford tho citizens oyory in- formation they could possibly require. This is all very well, but what about suppressing a part of tho report in question 1 And what was lhere behind the scenes to induce the Aldermen, Mr. BURGESS ammgst tho number, to object to the Director's report being published, and which, in point of fact, tho citizens, who aro ihe parties interested,, have never yet seon 1 It will "be remembered that at tho mooting last Monday, Alderman BUKOESS nsked the MAYOR, whether ho thought it right to furnish the press, fon. publication, with documents prepared for the Council under certain circumstances, which had been dimply tabled and not been read to the Council 1 And thot His Worship tho MAYOR said ho thought the pres3 should havo nccess to and use of any documents, referring -to their proceedings in Council, for the information of tho-public. No ono who appreciates the rolative positions of representative and constituent will bo disposod to gainsay, the correctness of the MAYOR'S ruling. Alderman BURGESS appeared lo havo beon exercised iii mind and his ideas of propriety ruffled ovor this question. Tho worthy magnate surely does' not ignore the fact that he sits at the Council board as a representativo of the citizens, and that by facilitating the work of tho preps ho is only consulting the interests of the rate-payers ! We should be sorry to class Mr. BURGESS among the red-tapists of officialdom because his utterances from time to time bespeaks a man of somewhat advanced views, which renders, the position he takes up the more inexplicable. But he should take a lesson from the practice of Parliament, no honorablo niombor of oither branch of tho Legislature, whether inonjber of a Select Gomniittoo or othorwiso. oyor venturing to suggest that documonts oneo laid on"tho table should ho either suppressed or withhold from publicaiiqn. It is, moat important in thq present case that the report in question should bo pub- lished together wjtlj tho list furnished, and it is to bo hoped that whatever oourso, in point o( form, may bo necessary to oil'oct this measure of justico to the citizens will bo sdoptod at tho next meeting of the Council. EAST COACH MAILS.-Wo aro jnfqnned hythe Secretary of the post office that consequent ou tho Hooded stato of tho rivois tho mails have boen detuned between S wangea and tho East Coast mid Hobart Towri. Tun QUEEN'S ACCESSION.-Yesterday being the anniversary of £ho accession of Her Majesty Queen Victoria to the throne of flroat Bntain'ilnd Ireland, four detachments of the Voliiiitóer Artillery Corps assomhled ac noon, at the Queen's Battery, under the charge of Lieutenant lïquh'n, and fired a royal salute of 21 guns, ARTILLERY CORPS CONCERTS.—A correspondent writes complaining of the delay in making public the proceeds of the two concerts in aid of the Artillery band. He refers to a rumour that some of those who had tickets to sell havo unnecessarily deferred handing over tho money in their hands. Some other rumours are insinuated which it would bo injudicious to publish, at present at any rate. RIFLE MATCH.-The monthly handicap rifle match in connection with the S. 'J', ii, Assooiation will take place on Saturday next, commencing-1st squad, half- past 12 : A. J". Robertson, B. .lolinson, J. Cuthbert, E. Drake, E. J. Hampton, T. lkin ; 2nd squad, 2 p.m. : C. A. Atkins, E. Beard, A. Norman,-Anning, Hann, T. Bennison. Misi'lUNTfi.-Our correspondent, "J.W.," writes: -Allow us to cqiTOct one or two, whilst feeling thankful, considering 1IQ\V hurriedly tlio manu- script was written, " it was a inercia there wasna' mair o' them"-and must compliment your typos. on their improvement-iu a lottor as to tho desired communication of Campbell Town and Swansea, Instead of Hobart Town and launceston getting what trade they could from tlio emin of tho Island, putting it from "the lads of the island." No doubt woro tho road made they would still got, as the Yankees say, " sum " not only from tlió lads but the "lassies." Did your lad, when ho had made this out, "got a drop of Udolfo ou tlio quiet?" But there isrO'io correction ive wish to make as to a misprint as to an extract given from an aiticlo in tho Quarterly Jleiihw on Scientific lectures, iu the concluding paragraph, namely :' " with ono moro extract preymmt witl> good sonso and true soienae," Your typOs. put it as " fragrant with good sonso." Now, honour bright, does this smell "not of tho lamp" but of tho "aromatic j" And, later on, putting "test" for te A. But, on the whole they are good boys, and wo compliment thom on their making us out so well, as some com- plain they can't, whilst we iluttor ourselves that wo writo " so that all who run may read," and only for the good and greasing of the common " weal," so I that things may run on smoothor. SCHOOL EXHIBITIONS.—In Mr. Ireland's letter in this subject published in yesterday's Mercury two errors occur. At the end of the first paragraph the word " above " has to be substituted for " all," and near the end of the second paragraph the word " increased " has to be supplied so as to make the sentence read "in subsequent competitive examinations increased." The errors were on the part of Mr. Ireland's amanuensis. RICHARDSON MEMORIAL.-A meeting of gentle- men favourable to steps being taken with a view to the establishment of a memorial to the late Mr. E. R. Richardson was held at the Town Hall Com- mittee Room last evening. Mr. A. J. Taylor, of the Publie Library, having been appointed Secretary and Treasurer, it was resolved that the momorial should take the form if a scholarship, and that sub- scription lists should be at at once distributed throughout the colony for the purpose of raising the necessary fluids to carry out the object of the meet- ing. At the conclusion of the meeting the following subscriptions were placed in the hands of the Trea- surer :-Sir James M. Wilson, K.C.M.G-., £1 ; L. Susman, Esq., £2 ; L. B. Castray, Esq., £1 Is. Other sums of various amounts were promised. We trust that now that a commencement has been made in this very desirable project that the colonists generally will not fail to come forward readily and practically evince their admiration of the resolute spirit of un- selfishness that actuated the late Mr. Richardson and which ended in the sacrifice of his life whilst prosecutiug the great undertaking he had embarked upon for the benefit of Tasmania. MAYOR'S COURT.-His Worship tho Mayor and Aldormon Espio and Watchorn constituted tho Mayor's Court yesterday, when O. Q. Emly wasfiued 5s. and costs for allowing tlio chimney of his lioiiso to tako lire on the 10th inst. For having unregistered dogs, the following persons woro fined ñs. each i Joseph Watson, Argyle-streot i Henry Horton, do. j Michael Briant, Elizabeth- street ; John Shoppord, do. In each caso the costs woro remitted. Several eases of unpaid rates wore disposed of in tho usual manner. BENEVOLENT SOCIKI'Y.-The usual meeting of tlio Exeontivo Committoo of this society Was held at tho board room, Bathurst-stroet, yestoiduy uftor noou. Present-Dr. Hall (chairman) and Mossrs. Mather and Withrington. Tho Registrar's report for tho week stated ^tliat'43 cases, representing 128 individuals, had been polio vail with 40 full and 5 half rations. Tho returns from tho Cascades and Brickfields dopûts showed that ftvo porsoiis had boan discharged from tho former and two from the latter institution. Ten applications for relief were then investigated and relieved. Tho Registrar reported with roforonco to n girl, whom tho wife of Cnnslablo Andorsou some days ago bad considerately clqthod and talfon into liar sorvico, that sho had shown her ingratitude by deserting such employ- ment, .taking tho elothos that had boon supplied away with hor. lu order to prevent further im- position upon tlio publie'we may stato that fho girl has been in tho Industrial School, is 20 years of ago, and hor mime is Ellon Wilson. GOOD TEMPLAR ANNIVERSARY^-0U Thursday next tho fourth «nnivoisary of tho Sunriso Lodgo is to bo colebrated hy a toa mid xmblio meeting at tho Momorial Hall, Brisbano.strcot. SCHOOL ENTERTAINMENT..-This ovoning airontor. taininout is tobo given by tho pupils of the Oollogiato Sohool, at tho Tasmanian Hull. WESLEYAN CHURCH ORGAN.-A musical service in connection with the opening of this organ is to be given on Tuesday, July 2nd. Uçri'Ei) Ev)!;ili'.i,).STif) COMMITI'EE.-This ovon- ing, at 7 o'clock, tho ti tilted Evangelistic Choir is to moot at tho committoo looiji, Town tfall ¡ and at 8 o'olook tho provisional committee ol' 'tho.' Young RJon's Christian Association will meet at" tlió samo pince, NEW TOWN,-Tho dolivory of a leoluro at the Templars' II di, hy Mr, flotts, is postponed until tho weather improves, > , I NEW DROP SCENE rou TUB THEATRE.-Mr. II. S. Pincott tho well-known artist has just complotera new drop scene for the Theatre Royal, and yesterday it was open to the inspection of visitors, Tho sub- ject chosen for the painting is " Westminister Abbey and Bridge," showing tho debarkation on Lord Mayor's Day, tho artist -having copied it from a picture by David Iîobort3, R.A. The copy is scar- cely as complete as the original, but tho curtailment has not disminished the effect, which in the drop scene is greatly heightened by the gorgeous colours. Mr. Pincott claims some credit for having painted the scene in a very few days, but we aro rather dis- posed to think that it would have boen better liad he taken a little moro time for the painting does not piosont that finished*appearance which we know he can impart to his «orle, As mi attractive picture, however, the scone is a success. The Abbey stands forth in all its grandeur, the Thames is almost obs "cured by the many barges upon, it, crowded with holiday makers, and gay with bunting ; while the cntiro scene will commend itself by its faithfulness to thoso who have been privileged to see ,a Lord Mayor's show in London. The perspective of the painting is admirable, and this of itself attests the ability which Mr. Pincott possesses. We may state that tho scone has been painted gratuitously and presented to the Theatre by Mr. Pincott who is to receive a benefit on Monday -evening, on which occasion those present will havo an opportunity of inspecting the picture. Tun CIRCUS.-Owing to tho- continued unfavor- able state of the weather, there was no performance last evening. To-night the circus will positively open, wot or dry, and there will bo a chango of pro- gramme ; and an afternoon performance to-morrow. BAYARD TAYLOR.-The Berlin correspondent of the ,S'. A. Register says that this well-known Amer- ican writer, and chief Editor of the JVcio york Trib- une, has been appointed Ambassador of tho Uuited Stales for tho German Empire, and will at the end of this month (April) arrive here in Berlin, accomp- anied by his wife and his acoonmlished daughter of IS years of age. At the election of President Hayes, whoso cause tho Tribune had warmly espoused, Bayard Taylor was offered the Ambassador's place in Brussels, but this was declined by him with the remark that he would only accept the Ambassador's position in Berlin, under the condition of remaining there for at least three years. This was. granted, and we will now have the pleasure of receiving an American Minister WIIQ js au enthusiastic admirer of Germany arid German literature. Taylor's trans- lation of Goethe's " Faust" is considered the best of the many English translations of that poem, and the new Ambassador is just now occupied with writing a biography of Goethe, which he intends to finish hore and in Weimar. Bayard Taylor, a celebrated author and traveller, has u rich collection of literary and other curiosities, and among them ho sots groat value on Schiller's Court dreas-sword, which ho in- herited from Thackeray the English- humorist, and also on ft likeness of Goethe on his death-bed, painted by l'roller in Weimar, tl\o only certain portrait extant of our great poet after ho, hld depart- ed tills jife, " ' ' _TMKI.INU ABOUT GHOSTS.-Rather a peculiar caso (says the Echuca Advertiser of Wednesday last) is sot down for hearing at the Heathcote Country Court, to gaimnonoq sitting 0,11 Friday pexi, before his Bj quor iltulgo Bindern!' At the intersection of Pohlman and'High-streots, Heathcote, is situated a brewery, which lias been untenaiitod for a long time past, and was said to havo boen the haunt af a ghost, some white object have frequently heon patrolling ti)o prginjsos. at tho mystio hour. A young gentle- man living not far off was escorting a young lady homo one evening, somo months since, and when passing the aupornatural's promenade, beheld a wlute object iii front of bim,. Without moro ado, ho rushed forward and struck tho supposed ghost a heavy blqw with I1Í3 walking stick. However, the ghost proved to be substantial llesh and bone, in the shape of a daughter of a trooper, and who was quietly'talking at clio plaqowith a friend, she being dressed '" a light coloured dress. Negotiations at au amioblo settlement having failed, the father of the injured girl intends to bring an action in the County Court to recover £200 damages. GUSl'AVE DORE IN ANOTHER LlNE Ol' ART.-The Paris correspondent of the Times say» ;- " Among the aulstiq (iuriosilios of tho ooming Exhibition may certainly be mentioned M.' Gustavo Don! as a sculp- tor. This is a now phase of his versatile talents, lie is going to exhibit an enormous vase four metres in height, with a diameter of two metres. It terminates ¡11 a straight narrow nook, on the brim of which children aro seated, and maintaining their equilibrium with difiiciilty, boiug intoxicated by the fumes issuing fioni tho amphora. Tho body and pedestal of tho vase aro adorned by litrlQ Bjaochamv lian ligui es, mon, women', and children, fanns, and Dryads led by Silonus mounted on "tho back of a crocodilo, and entangled in Howers and foliage covered with bntterllies, mice, weasels, qnd Ijsja'vds also1 iiiloi'iiiingling. It is a strange, almost; audacious production, but manifesting powerful originality, lavery figure is a study. The vase itself has, perhaps, the fault of not resting ou a sufficiently broad base, but as a whole tho work calculated to produce a sensation. Gustave Doró is finishing another sculptural group of quite a different and very classi- cal kind, ' Tho Prisse uf Glory'-» young boro dying boucath the kiss of Glory. This group is of real boan ty. The forms, though rather cll'eminato, are striking ; tho proportions aro graceful, and tho expression is mild, profound, melancholy, and natural. This group is tho work of a thinker and philosopher, and curiously enough it does not betray the pointer either in subject or execution. It js íeally the work of a sculptor and places Gustavo Doré in a no\y ligl|t, which qannol but add, to his renown." ' RUSSIA AS AN ENEMY- AT SKA.-The Russian naval periodical Yacht publishes an article on tho best moans a£ attacking England, which was written by the late Roar-Admiral Roinski-Korsakofl' in 1803, when a rupturo betwoon Russia and England was expected in consequence of tho Polish insurroolion. The writer advised the Government to send live frigates and two corvettes out to sea at once, with ordors to proceed immediately after the declaration of war lo the most frequented channels of trade, and seize every English ship they should - meet. The stations of these cruisers should bo kept strictly seci el, and bev frequently changed. The prizes should be either sold, or, if they aro suited for the purpose, maimed by a part of the crows of the cj'iiiçer^ which captured thom, and equipped with gillis, so ii» tq çervo themselves as cruisers. All the eruisois would meet fróintinío t'd l'íin'o at certain prescribed spots for mutai information. They should provide themselves as often as possiblo with coal and provisions in order to bo able to mako long voyages if necessary. The commander of the squad- ron should bo allowed entire'freedom of action; he should seek the enemy whorover ho is in smaller force, attack badly foitilicdEnglish colonies, impose heavy contributions upon them, and destroy all war material that could bo of use to the enomy. The Go'pjii jp commenting upon this article, says that ljussia would depart from tl}o Declaration of Paris if sbo issued lottura of marque, but that she ¡i| per- fectly free to employ cruisers, and the only lnoaps of effectually injuring England is to atfcaok her trado, If, however, criiisors should provo insuilii cient, Russsa will bo obliged, howovor unwillingly, to omploy privateers. AMEHIOAN SMARTNESS.-Hero is a practical illus trntion. At tho workshops of the Michigan Central Ballway, at Jackson, Michigan, au experiment was I recently made,. in order to ascertain the very shortest timo in which a locomotive engine could bo mounted ready for uso from the finished component parts. Up to tho present this work had been generally done by'about five or six workmen in tho space of from nine to fourteen days. When tho fact becamo known that a Mr. Stewart, of Jackson, had done the work with four-toon workmen in ¡33 honra, ahda Mr. Edington, with tho same number of workmon, in lü,\ hours, a bet between these two gentlemen was the result ; and boforo a number of spectators they eventually both proceeded to mount a locomotive engine, each being assisted by fourteen workmen, and having all tho parts of which the engine consists rpady at hand.' They accomplished the task iu tho remarkably short period of 2 lióúrs and 35 minutes. The bet-wits'won by Mr. Edington, who finished 0110 minuto sóonorthnn his antagonist. SMART THICK.7-A gontloman jnst returned from Melbourne vouches (says tho Jlamtttou Spectator) for tho following smart piece of business :-A respsütablo-looking mau, from tho northern part pf Victoria on a viaifc to Melbourne, considering that ho could play billiards "alittlo bit," wont-into a billiard-room in Bourko-stpoot with only a fqw shil- lings in his pocket, but lie soon found there were hotter players in Mulbounio than himself. Tho fow shillings soon changed hands, and when the Inst round came, he was without tho whorowithal to pay*for nobblors on tho game. Ho tried tho bar. man to lot him off till next day, but it would not do; somothing tangiblo must bo loft to bo ro deomod. A happy thought sti nek bim. Wearing n very largo Ulster ovorcoat, ho thought ho could safely loavo his munontionables. This was accord- ingly dono. On returning to tho hotel (not a hundred miles from tho Post-office), ho desirod tho Hoots to call him in timo for tho early train noxt morning, Thid was done. ; hilf while tho Boots ws3 proceeding away from"' the' bedroom door, thq boll was violently rung, and on returning. Boots was asked if any other person had boon stooping in tho samo room, as tho country gontloman's trousers awl monoy had .beon taken-ho did not caro so uiuoh about tho trousers as tho mbnoy. Tho land- lord was called, #who was very sorry anything of tho kind should happou in his house, so to keep tho inatior qniot, a now pair of tropsors woro produced, tho faro up-country was paid, and a pound qr two given in bosidos, After ho loft, tho" barman bf tho billiard-room paid a visit to tho barman of tho hotel opnnsito, and told of tho gentleman who loft his trousers in pawn. Tho disgust exhibited by tho hotolkeopor may bo ousily imaginad, A LUDICROUS MISTAKE.-Ono pastor was demi, and tho othor had gouo south on account of sick- ness. Whon the deacon, who had roooivod a lottor from tho- socoud, arose in the prayer-mooting to make his ronoit, ho booamo confuso'd, and got tho dead pastor's name in placo of tho sick onovs, and said ; "Ho says that tho woathor is very warm iudood, uncomfortably warm-in that locality, and ho wishes ho could return. " Ile soon saw that 1< oolno 0110 had blundorod," but it was too lato, New York Herald, ¡ , ' " I HurcosEyou' miss'your husband vory rnyioh f ho roiuarkod to a charming 1 eliot. " MieB him 1 Of course I do ; he was very usi'ful in attending to tho 1 uro, winding up the clack, nud turning out the gas.1' Tiru pHOJ.ncrnu* AUSTRALIA** DOMINION.-Some of tho Victorian provincial journals aro deeply im- pressed with the idea of au Australian union, leav- ing their colony in cold isolation. The Belfast Gazette thinks it ovidcut that " Now South Wales, South Australia, and Queensland aro now bent on the inauguration of a Dominion, excluding Victoria. They say that tho conferences hold at different timcB at Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide on the subject of Federation-have all como'to nothing, be- cause Victoria refused to do away with her protective tariff, whilst they all desired to establish tho union upon a free-trade basis. The Press of thoso colonies now further points out the danger which would bo attachable to thom in admitting Victoria, on account of her extreme democratic principles and the pec- uliar clements displayed in the conduct of her rulers Let ushopo that, as 'unity is strength,' the Govern- ment of this colony will sec the wisdom of pitching overboard alrtho plenipotentiary business with res- pect to tho Now Constitution, and join hand in hand with our neighbours (if thoy will let us) in forming a grand Uliion. Should, however, the Premier and his friends bo still bent on going home aoout the great reform scheme, it is to ho hoped that the Western and other outlying districts will bo allowed to join the othor colonies in a confeder- ation which will, wo aro 'sure, be" encouraged by England, ond would do more to advance the interests of this country than any scheme which may be now puzzling the'brains of the Victoria Cabinet. With reference to the recent proposal made to sever this district from Victoria, wo respectfully draw tho »tte'ulion of the supporters of such a movement to what the Press of tho neighbouring colonies is now advocatinginthematterof inauguaratingaUomiuion, excluding Victoria." As ELEona BRIDLE.-Quito a new use (says a contemporary) has boen fouud for electricity. It breaks m horses. Experiments have been tried iu Brussels with au electric bridle, which is said to give very satisfactory results. It consists simply of a couple of reins along which run electric wires. The breakor-in has a small battery at his end of the reins, and by pressing on a little knob the current acts on tho comers ot the horse's mouth. After u few consecutive or intermitting BIIOOIIB the animal becomes perfectly quiet and tractable. A very vicious maro was broken-in after á singlo applica- tion, Tho inventor, Mr, Kiigstrom, says that rnn-away horses can bo immediately brought to a standstill by bringing tho current to boar on them. Tho plan is worthy of a trial. If effectual it will save a great deal of bother, and obviato not a little cruelty. _ 