PRESENTATION TO M ft. WM. CRESWICK: On Thursday afternoon a number of gentlemen met at the York Hotel for the purpose of presenting a testimonial to Mr. William Creswiok before he left the colony. The gift, a handsome diamond ring, was presented by Mr.'E. Ward, MP., in a graceful speech in which he referred to the satisfaction which had been expressed when at the opening of the new Theatre, "the manager, Mr. Allison stated his intention toengage Mr. Creswick for a season. Mr. Ores wick's name had been a household word to many present in their earlier years, and those who had notpreviously seen him were gratified with the chance that had been afforded them of witnessing the performance of a gentleman who had long occupied one of the leading positions on the English stage. They felt that they would not have been doing their duty had they permitted Mr. Creswick to depart without some tangible token of their appreciation, and the idea of making him that presentation had_ been_ originated by a lady occupying a high position in society, and had been heartily responded to. They all hoped Mr. Creswick"® life might long be spared, aad that he might retain his health and full powers for many long years to come. (Cheers.) Mr, Creswick in responding said it was especially pleasing to a man in his position to receive such recognitions. The compliment was much enhanced by the the manner in which it had been tendered. It was by him entirely unexpected, and he felt doubly gratified, for he believed that it was a token of private as well as public feeling. His chief reason for coming to Australia was that he felt sure that the Colonies must be well filled with many of those who had seen him in the old country, and who weuld probably be glad toagain witness his performan-es. He had been fully justified, for he had found much high intelligence in the Colonies and a full appreciation of the legitimate drama.- He had had presentations made to him in Melbourne and Sydney—presentations which had been, quite spontaneous and unexpected by him. His life since he landed in Australia had been one of quiet enjoyment. His object in visiting these shores was not altogether that of gain, though he was not such a fool as to refuse any good gifts which fortune might bestpw upon him. He had always thought that if a man wished to be hosoured and respected his best plan was toseek to attain to excellence in his profession, and that end he had striven to reach—(cheers)—and he was even yet told that he was an improving joung man. (Laughter.) It did not require the handsome present they had made him tokeep Adelaide in his memory, for of South Australia, its people, and climate he would carry with him nothing but the happiest recollections^ Nothing would suit him better than to make. Adelaide his home altogether. Then possiblyr they would find they had too much of hinu- (No, no.) In conclusion, he wished to make a- few remarks which he had omitted to do on thenigLt of his benefit, as he was then somewhatexcited and found it a little difficult on tbe spur of the moment to roll himself out of the character of William Tell into the character of William Creswick. (Laughter.) He forgot to render tbe thanks that he felt were due to Mr. Allison, the manager, for the excellent manner in which he had placed the various plays upon the stage, to the company for the hearty way in which they had supported him, and the desire manifested to carry out his wishes, and also to Mr. Hall, the members of the,orchestra, and all the employ 6s of the theatre who had contributed to smooth his path. He must thank the Press also for its treatment of him. Though previously he had not been acq .tainted with any of its members he had been treated in the fairest and most cordial manner. He would say that a more honest, intelligent, and outspoken Press he had not met with in his long exoerience. (Cheers.) Mr. W. K. Simms, M.P., proposed " The Health of Mr. Allison," who humorously responded. Mr. W. Reynolds proposed " Mrs • Creswick," for whom Mr. Creswick replied. Mr A. von Treuer proposed "Mr. E. Chapman, 9 the proprietor of the. theatre. Mr. Chapman, in replying, proposed •" Mr. W. J. Holloway," the stage manager, to whom he referred in complimentary terms. Mr. Creswick supported. He thought they would grant that he spoke with some authority, and he said unreservedly that for energy, tact, modesty, and general efficiency in a position that tried a man's temper very considerably he had not seen Mr, Holloway excelled. (Cheers.) Mr. Holloway returned thanks, and said that he was now oh his third visit to Adelaide. His first had been made five years before, and he was pleased tofind that he was now received better by the Press and public than on any former visit, so he supposed he must be improving. (Applause.} He had agreed with Mr. Allison to take the. stage management of the theatre next year, and—he might add—had refused a similar position in the largest theatre in Australia to do so. (Applause.) The toast of " The Press," which was suitably responded to, brought the pro*. oeedingB to a close. THB BEV. CHAELHS CUBE'S LBCTUBBS VR, NOETH.—The Rev. Charles Clark seems to have had a splendid reception in the Northern Areas. He has delighted crowded audiences wherever he has appeared, and to distant townships which he was not advertised to visit when he left Adelaide he has been induced to go by liberal engagements. The Port Augusta Despatch states that an offer of £50 for two lectures had been made and declined; hut more attractive terms must have been subsequently submitted and accepted, for Mr. Clark is announced to make his first appearance at the head -of Spencer's Gulf to-morrow evening. The Areas Express mentions that at Gladstone last Satur- - day the storekeepers unanimously agreed to close their shops at 8 o'clock in order that they and their customers might have an opportunity' of hearing Mr. Clark. .-Mr.R.S. Smythe, who claims to have opened Japan, the Himalayan summer stations, and South Africa to European ' talent, deserves credit for his share in introducing a high-class entertainment into the Northern Areas of South Australia. The extension of Mr. Clark's Northern tour will have the effect of postponing his reappearance in Adelaide, which has been fixed to take place in the Town Hall on the 23rd of September. THB&TBB; ROYAI,. — The extravaganza of " Ivanhoe" was repeated on Thursday night by Miss Lydia Howaxde's company before s crowded house in all parts. The performance passed off very smoothly, and the principal artistes, particularly Miss Minnie Fischer and Miss Maggie Knight, were enthusiastically applauded. The same piece will be given to-night. BAINFOED'S GHOSTS.—The announcement th» a change of programme was to be given at White's Rooms on Thursday evening, and that Miss Amy Horton was to take her benefit, did not draw such a large house as was expected. The mirth-provoking burlesque " The Two Othellos" was repeated, aa was also " Pat the Bailiff." The ghost illusions mystified the audience as completely as ever and caused considerable merriment. During the evening Miss Hortoa sang several characteristic songs in her mostpleasing manner, and at the conclusion a numberof bouquets and a very handsome wreath were presented to her amidst much applause. A lady amateur with a pleasing voice also sans, two ballads. THB LEVEE AND DBAWMQ ROOM.—The namesof Mr. A Tolmer, Inspector of Credit Selections, • Dr. J. Davies Thomas, and Mr. Peterswald,. Superintendent of Metropolitan Police, were omitted from the list of those who attended the Governor's Levee; and the names of Mrs. H. A Curtis, Mrs. w. B. Hull, Mr. and Mia. A A, Fesenmeyer, Mr. D. Bower, M.P., and Mrs. Bower, and Miss N. White should have appeared among those who paid their respects to Lady Jervois. The name of Mr. B. G. Sells was misprinted A Sells. The following apologies for non-attendance at the Levee have been received in addition to those published yesterday:—Captain Beaden, R.N., Dr. Ferguson, Captain Edmunds, Rev. S. Kiiight, Rev. A Homer, Messrs. W. H. Stanford, J G Pitcher, W. T. Dalwood, A R. Smith, J. Gilbert! C. J. Ebsworth, A. Egerton Wilby, J. N. Blyth,. F. G. Richardson, A R. Malcom, E. P. Clarke, Burt, D. Moodie, J. F. Henderson, C. Hatgr&ve;,. jun, Frank Whiteley, and H. Turner, J.P. For non-attendance at Lady Jervois'a reception apologies have been received from the following ladies:—Mrs. S. Green, Mrs. Lyall, Mrs. C. J.. Ebeworth, Mrs. Fraser Seabrook, Mrs. Grundy,. Mrs. C. H. Richardson, Mrs. F. G. Richardson, Mrs. A W. Smith, Miss Goyder, Mrs. Mildred,. Mrs. and Misg EusseH, Mrs. and Miss Cadmore,. Mrs. H. M. Pollitt. RITOUBAT AND KINGSTON PIERS.—The BoarJ of Arbitration, to which the questions in dispute between Messrs. Wells Brothers and the S. A. Government were referred, sat on Thursday morning at Eagle-Chambers for the second time. Mr. Percy Wells was called as a witness on behalf of the contractors by Mr. Downer, Q.C and his examination-in-chief having been brought to a close by about 1 o'clock, the Board djourned till Tuesday next, when Mr. Symou ill proceed to cross-examine Mr. Wells on ehalf of the Crown. 