When Mr. Garrett was in office, under the political regime of the late Ministry, lie pro mised to exchange the site of tho old Court House, in Hay for tho site allotted to the town for an Atlienceum, and we wore led to believe that exchange would be made as soon as the new (Jourt House was finished. Well, the Court House is finished and furnished at last, and it now turns out that Sir John Robertson - refuses to sanction the ex change, as the old building is needed for a lock-up, and upwards of a thousand pounds havo been expended on it lately for that pur pose. Not to say anything about this con flict of action between theso two brothers in politics, and the disappointment and delay tlicy havo occasioned to the people of Ilay thereby, we havo a few words to say about the present conversion of the old Court House into a lock-up. Whoever it was that first designed the old building and fixed its site deserves to bo remembered .with grati tude by tho public, for he placed it as far back from tho front and leading street as he could, fecliug doubtless ashamed that such a struc ture should disfigure the principal stroet in the town. The old building is a miserable, rickety, adair, alike unfit for its former use as it assuredly is for its present design. The walls are in a very unsafe state, portions of them having tumbled to pieces, and tho ceil ing is completely gone. To make it suitable for any kind of use it must undergo the pro cess] that the Highlannman s gun required to make it serviceable, ' a new lock, stock and barrel,' and then it will be unfitted for a lock-up. No doubt a very high wall of cor rugated iron has been put around tho build ing, and has boon brought out to tho street, and judging from tho anxiety of tho depart ment to make their improvements visible, would havo been brought over the footpath if the Municipal Council permitted tliom. When the whole amount allocated for the purpose has been spent on the building it won't bo worth the expenditure. There is no person in Hay would give £1000 for tho building, wall, site, aud all the parapliornalia belonging to them. Besides the lock-up is out of its pro per place. It should have been built behind tho Court House, with a passage loading from the ono to tho other, and not compelling per sons to be taken out to the public street and marched up that way to tho Court. Tho Government havo a large amount of land behind tho Court House unoccupied on which the money lately expended on tho old build ing should have been used in erecting a new and suitable building, and a very little more indeed would have been required for the erection of such a building. Instead of doing this tlicy clioso to tinker up that old Court House, and drag it as far into tho street as possible, just apparently with tho object of injuring tho main street in the town. A business streot, and the very contro of it too, is not a suitable site for a temporary gaol. That sitois the very spot whore such a build ing for a Town Hall should havo been erected, being easy of access to the whole town, and lending its pretentious appearanco to enhance the valuo of property. There can bo little question about tho lock-up boing dragged to the front streot boing a great eye-sore, depre ciating tho surrounding property, and from the character of many of its unfortunate in mates from timo to time, proving a public, j nuisance. On ono side of it thero is tho handsome and valuable building of the Joint Stock Bank, and on tlie other tho Post-office, whilst tliis tin-pot of a lock-up stands me nacingly betweon. If another object besides depreciating private property was in the fer tile brain of tho man of Gotham who was tho means of expending tho last vote on that building, it was to warn the citizens of tho danger of violating the law, and then ho should havo erected on its most prominent place, or on a signboard right across tlio foot path, the sage advise, ' Within amend, with out Beware.' It would bo seen by every person going to the Post-offico or the Bank, and nearly everybody goes to ono or both of theso placos, and doubtless a wholesome tor ror would bo infused into their breasts. But, seriously speaking, we affirm that the look up should not havo been built in tho public street, but on tho ground behind tho Court House, and fronting to Moppett- strcot, and tho public and business street of Hay should not have been disfigured and damaged by its present position. What injury has Hay done to Mr. Fosberry and tho Police department that they should thus punish tho town ? Wo should like to know what it is, that we may make all the amends possible, and try to havo removed from our midst this unsightly erec tion whieli tlicy have placed before the nose of the public. The Municipal Council might look after this affair, and not be placatod by any promiso of its being only a temporary erection, for there will be many moons in the sky ere tlioy see another ono, or havo a bet ter chance of getting it removed than they I havo just now, with s» active a member re presenting them as Mr. Simson. Wo com mend the matter to the active interest of the Mavor and his Aldermen. Contradiction. — Wo havo been requested by Mr C. O'Neill to give tho most direct con tradiction to the report that was published -in our contemporary's columns, on Wednes day last, that ho was to be made police magis trate in tho Hillston district. Tho rumour, if it over existed, was, we understand, with out tho least foundation. Special Seiivicb. — At the request of the Rev. Samuel Robinson, who regrets that ho could not hold a special service at Hay yes terday, as appointed by tho Governor, having proviously made arrangements to conduct a service at Darlington Point on that day, wo have pleasure in announcing that a special thanksgiving service, and sermon, for the lato rain, will bo held in St. Paul's Anglican Church to-morrow (Sunday), at tho usual hour. Killed by Lightning. — The Parkos Ga zette says : — On Friday afternoon last, in formation was brought to tho Condobolin Police that a man had been killed by light ning on tho north side of the river. On pro ceeding to the spot tho Police fomnd that tlio report was too true, as tho man was found lying besido his horse, quite dead. An in quiry was hold on tho body, which had been brought over the river to tho Court-house, from which it appears that tho deceased, whose name was James Johnson, contractor, late of Young, had been in town during tho day, and had crosscd the river on his way homo, when he was overtaken by the storm, and dismounting from his horse, took shelter under a tree ; shortly after, tlio tree was struckjby lightning, and the deceased and his horse were killed by the same stroke; the lightning struck deceased on the right temple, and descended tho right side of the body, and right leg, and went out through the heel of tho boot. Deceased was married and leaves a wife and four children. Li n el. — The proprietors of The Aye have been served with a writ at the instance of tho lion. Alexander Fraser for having, at tlio request of the Illustrated London Neivs, copied an advertisement announcing the de cease of the lion. Alexander Fraser's brother, in the Holborn Workhouse, and commented on it as calculated to seriously damage the reputation of the colony in tho person of a Minister of the Crown, who also drew three hundred a year as a member of the Council during a twelve months' abscncc in Europe. Damages are laid at £10,000. On Saturday morning Mr Dcrbin Wilder was served with tlio six summonses issued at tho instance of Mr Sali Cleve. It is under stood that Dr Madden, tho Minister of Jus tice in the M'Culloch Administration, has been retained on behalf of Mr Clove by Mi Madden, solicitor for the plaintiff. London Wool Sales. — Tho opening sale of the 1st series for the current year, was held on Tuesday last, for which day 4000 bales were catalogued. The attendance of both home and foreign buyers was excep tionally large, and tho competition extremely vigorous, prices ranging about the same as last series, medium greasy a shade easier. 2GO,000 bales are available, including 49,0C0 bales from the Cape. 12,000 bales have been sent to Yorkshire and the Continent. Greek Ixsuuukction. — The insurrection is spreading ill Epirus, according to an Argus telegram, and the struggle continues in Thes saly. The insurgents had landed in Albania. Tanks on tiie Road. — We havo boon favoured with a copy of tho reply to the ap plication made by by C; W. Simson, Esq., M.P., for the construction of tanks for the conservation of water on the road between Hay and Deniliqnin, in order to enable team sters aud travelling stock to travel at all sea sons. Tlio reply is as follows : — ?' Depart ment of Public Works, Sydney, 1st Febru ary, 1878. — Sir, referring to your letter of the 31st ult„ I am directed to inform you that tho sum of £2000 will be placed on the Es timates for the construction of tanks on the road from Hay to Deniliquin for tho supply of water for tho uso of travelling stock. I have tho honor to be, &c.;, John Rae. To C. W. Simson, Esq., M. P.' ' Much Ado Ahout Nothing.' — On Wed nesday evening last a noisy meeting was hold in the coft'ee-room at Tattorsall's hotel. The proprietor of the Riverine Emporium was demonstratively shouted into the chair. Tho village blacksmith was also thero, two bank builders, a bank-breaker and a bank-manager, two draggers, two divers, divers other mem bers of tho great and greasy unemployed, and many others unknown to fame. For some time it was not very clear what tho ob ject of tho meeting was. So tho village blacksmith thought, for ho demanded, in tones against which fowcan make themselves heard, to know who had convened tho moot ing — to which camo tho reply in a sepulchral tone, from a corner of tho room — ' Tlio body- finders.' Another question followed, but was ruled out of order. The chairman said ho did not know any thing about it, but would bo happy to hoar any proposition they had to make. Body-finder No. 1 referring to the death and resurrection of a resident, ex plained that the meeting had been called for tho purpose of arranging the funeral obsequies of tho body that they had found in the river. Ho entered into a dismal narrative of tho 101 hairbreadth escapes that his mate and lie had encountcrod in their search for the body, and asked that tho meeting should decide what was to bo done with it now it had been found. Zaccliy was understood to suggest, that it bo made sausago meat of, at which a butcher im mediately took sick, and loft the room to enter an action against tho speaker for da maging him in his business. Zacchy having been called to order, someone proposed that the body be interred with- musical honors; another proposed that it bo produced and laid upon tho table ; another suggested that a jury bo empannolled to sit upon tho body all night, but sufficiently drunken men could | not bo found. Finally it was decided by Gouicbody that a 'klekshun' should be made, and he mado it accordingly. No ono knows who he gave it to. Thoso at the door cleared out when they saw tho hat coming round, and thoso that were inside began to think it was getting 'rathor warm' — and thoy skedaddled without waiting to receive the chairman's benediction. They wore all there, though, and a groat many more, when the torchlight procession camo down tho stroet next even ing, from the Sepulchre to tho Bridge of Sighs, where the body, remaining disowned, was returned to the element from which it had been talcon. Frionds down stream had better look out, or thoy may encounter this saw-dust ghost unaware. Referring to the disappearance of Mr R. J. Mills, the other evening, whilst bathing, we have pleasure in stating that we have since seen him alive and well. The accident which was the occasion of so much trouble to him and to his friends, occurred in this way, so far as the peculiar circumstances by which Mr Mills was surrounded permit him to re collect. When he dived in the river, second time, his head struck a hidden snag, and he was stunned. The next interval of semi0- consciousness found him half in and half out of the water on the south bank of the river. He scrambled up the steep bank, but the effort was too much for him in his exhausted state, and he again became insensible. When consciousness returned again, about midday, he found that he must have wandered some distance, for he was in the timber opposite Mr Keighran's residence, in such a position that any movement might have been instant ex posure — too near to escape detection if he moved, and too far away to make himself heard. Strange to say not a soul passed within cooey, and he lay hidden until dark- ness came on, when he made the best of his way home. The Rivers — Tho Murrumbidgce at Hay has fallen to about 3ft. Gin. above summer level. At Wagga, on Wednesday, it was 3 ft. G in.falling fast ; Balranald, 2 ft. G in., rising. The Murray at Swan Hill, 3 ft. 4 in. abovu summer level. Wentwortli, 4 ft. 3 in. above summer level, rising. The Darling, at Bourke, summer level, still rising ; Walgett, 24 ft. rising ; Browarrina, 7 ft., rising. The Murray, at Echuca, 3 ft. 10 in. above sum mer level. Albury, 1 ft. G in. above summer level. Wahgnnyali, 1 ft. G in. above summer level. Euston, 1 ft. above summer level. District Court. — Thirty-one causes have been entered for hearing at this court, before Judge Forbes, on 12th Maroli, at Hay. Municipal Election. — Referring ,to our remarks on the last day on which nomina tions may be received for the election of an alderman, it appears that, according to the Municipalities Act, anything to bo done on Sunday may bo done on the day after, so that nominations may be received up to Monday in this ease. It is always better, however, to be sure than sorry, and we would advise that nominations be sent in on Saturday. Land and Court Business. — Yesterday being a Government holiday, tho various offices and banks were closed, and we were unable to obtaiu our usual epitome of the business. River Navigation, — By favour of Messrs. Tiirnbull and Co.. agents, we have seen a telegram stating that the Rivcrina and Un daunted steamors left Echuca for Hay on Tuesday last, with full cargo, and will proba bly reach Hay b«forc the river, falls too low. 