MISCELLANEOUS. The Sydney Evemng News gives an esti mate of the native and European population , in JXTew Caledonia. The civil population (French) in 1877 numbered 2,753, and the military, 3,032; to which is added 12,110 r convicts and political prisoners. The total native population in 1877 was 25,000. ' 1 We {Hamilton Spectator) hear that two men engaged in shoonusr kangaroos on Mount Napier station are averaging from 70 to 60 animals a day. As a- rule the kangaroos in that locality are small, but their skins make . ' 'finer leather than those of larger size. In addition' to the sldns, which they dry and ? ? sell at a good price, the men receive 2d per , tail. Altogether, therefore, they may be said to be doing remarkably well — much better, ia fact, than the majority of selectors, or many gold-miners. Bee-keepi:igis a very profitable occupation when managed on correct scientific prin ciples. Great progress has been made within the. past twenty years. Some bee-keepers in Kew York State keep upwards of .300 stocks, and some years, sell more than seven thousand dollar's worth of honey. In South . . Australia.bee-keepiHg has been found to yield large profits. . . . ? \- We have news from New Caledonia of a Tevolt and massacre by the natives ; about ? 80 European lives were lost, bat the revolt is now subdued as a cordon of troops has. been drawn around the ^safiected district. The origtn'oF the affair seems to have been the confiscation of a .rich valley by 'the 'French, and to this the natives naturally objected, . through no one for a moment Suspected that they would evince their ?disapprobation by such shocking means. A 'clever piece of work has been accom plished in the Lands Department, an erring officer of long standing being the victim. Kleptomania, does not confine its victims to valuables in the shape of money or Jewellery, but permits of operations on sweetmeats or, in the?r absence, on the excellent fare en joyed by civil -servants at the haif-honr fore noon interval. Inime branch, of -the lands office a day Las never passed over without complaints' of some unscrupulous hand being laid on lunch baskets. - One gentleman was -victimised four times euccessively, and the horrible presentiment came to life mind that the chief of the branch, was the culprit. A conference was held, and it was decided to bring the offender to justice. The whole of . the lunches next day were liberally served ^with- tartar emetic. At about 1 the chief \- -* felt disinclined to dine, and at 2 was Bure he ' was Jrtjtaekedby cholera or typhoid. Half jk^ «n hour later the real symptoms were' ap JPF ; parent, and the sympathies of the officers of the department increased as the tableau . drew nigh. He was sure he was going to give jup jthe ghost, as he had had a fearful . dpse,fbutiinsteadof that gave up the dinner. ~ Traces of many a lamented tit-bit were : . forthcoming, .and the chief in due course was led back a better and a lighter man. \- He has since .petitioned for the removal, it \- is said, -of the chief conspirators on - the \--ground of insubordination. — Ttrwn and ?- Omavbryy ? - ?:-?? ~ ':The 1', P. Advertiser learns that the con \ '. tractors for tlie Barunga Extension .Railway '. to. Black Point, Messrs. Risely and Thomas, , ? were to commence operations on Monday, . ; the 29th inst. . The work is, we hear, to be -carried out oil the eight-hours eyetem; and .. .we farther learn that the contractors airid their men areiikely to get on well together, 'Mr. Risely (who was-one of Mr. Chapman's ? gangers) being a favorite among them. . ''; The contractors for the North- West Bend ' Eailwav lave 'mow sot the rails laid fnr a ^diktance of ab'out 19 miles at the Kapunda t.ead and 20 miles at 'the North- west Bend «ad — in all about 38 miles. . . A. cock-fight has been held in Sydney, in the presence of 200 ruffians. The cruel ex hibition lasted ail day, and many birds were Hiled. A man named Arthur Devlin, a, Tesiderit of Prahran, in Melbourne, was suffocated by coal gas. He was found dead in bed. The Wallaroo Times of Wednesday, July 24, says : — An opinion seems to me gaining ground among medical men that ether, as an aesthetic, is greatly preferable to chloroform. The latter is, however, frequently used in cases where it is known that dangerous re sults will not ensue. Several operations for lithotomy have recently been performed at the Wallaroo Hospital on. children who were previously placed under its influence. Last week, Dr. Hamilton assisted by Dr. Jay, and other members of the profession, removed a cancer from a man's face during the time that he was rendered insensible to ,pain by, chloroform. In about a fortnight an operation will be performed in. the same establishment on a young lady for the re moval of an ovarian tumor, and its severity mrp be; realised from the fact that some time ago only one half of the patients operated on recovered, and at the present, time the average number restored to health is about two-third3. . . ; The Bunyip regrets to hear from Inspector Neville that a number of valuable trees of this and last season's planting have been wilfully destroyed within the last twenty four hours. The miscreants who could perpetrate so shameful an outrage deserve severe punishment. South Australia has taken the great prizes against all the world in the wheat competi tion at the Paris Exhibition, while Mi-. E. W. Pitts has taken a gold medal for South Australian-grown wool. The schooner Eothen, of 102 tons burden, will shortly leave New- York' for Repulse Bay, in search of further relics and jecords of the Franklin expedition. The vessel will carry thirteen bands, and will be under ihb command of. Captain Barry, who brought back five silver spoons, given him by thje Esquimaux, from a former expedition. !The American Geographical Society contributed part of the cost of the expedition, arid' the British Government have promised to.ye ward any farther discoveries. ' :. A crown weighing 60 ounces, of pure gold, has been made in Sydney for the King of Tonga. ' .-I A note on Sunday is void. A note ob tained by fraud, or even from one intoxi cated, cannot be collected. If a note be stolen it does not release the maker — he must pay for it. An endorser of a note is exempt from liability, if not served with notice of its dishonor within twenty-four hours pf ite non-payment. A note by a minor is void. Notes bear interest when so stated. Principals are responsible for their agents. Each individual' in partnership is responsible for the whole amount of the ? debts of the firm. Ignorance of the 1-aw excuses no one. It is a fraud to conceal a fraud. The law compels no one to do im possibilities. An agreement without conr sideralion is void. Signatures in lead pencil are good in law. A receipt for money is not legally conclusive. The acts of one partner binds all the others. Contracts made on Sunday cannot- be enforced. A contract -made with a minor is void. The following is a sad account of the con dition of a boarding-school as set forth by counsel and confirmed by evidence in an action brought for damages by a pupil ! teacher at Holdsworthy, North Devon- against the keeper of the school and bis wife. The plaintiff having been engaged as pupil teacher, found that, besides twenty girls, there were thirty boys in the school. All the boys slept in one room, the capacity of which the judge remarked, was not enough for five. The plaintiff had to make the beds in the boys' dormitory, which was the only place they had for washing ; and, ' as there were but four basins, half of them often- ?went down dirty. The sheets 'were only changed twice in one half- vear. and when measles and other illnesses occurred Holloway's pills were the only medicine administered, no doctor being called in. The plaintiff had to sleep in the same bed with four others, and when an infectious disease broke out they all caught it, and the plaintiff when she left, was disqualified from taking another situation for several months. Several pupils carried the infection to their homes. - Although the house consisted of seventy persons, fcnly one servant was kept, and sometimes there was no servant at all. The judge summed up strongly against the -defendants, and the jury awarded the plaintiff £20 damages. A correspondent informs the Kapunda Herald that on Thursday, July 25} a son of jut. w. uraoo whilst mustering eheep on Craigie'e Plain found the remains of a white man that must have been there 10 or 12 years, as there was nothing left but bones, and they, were much decomposed. The police went out on Saturday aud buried all that was left of the unfortunate man. The boots were all that they could find belong ing to him, the bones of his feet still in them with pieces of rag sticking to them. An extraordinary and mysterious event occurred on July 18, at Castlemaine. The Mail states that as a son of Mr. Tolstrup was going to 'school, he crossed the street to take a dunk of water at the fountain opposite the new market. When about to quench his thirst he was accosted by aewagman, who inquired if he would like & drink of raspberry and lemonade. The boy acquiesced, and drank the whole of the contents of a bottle, con taining about half a pint, which the man took from his ewag. After this the boy went towards school, but he suddenly became so dizzy and so weak that he felt inclined to lie down on the footpath, but by great effort he dragged himself along to the school, and there sank down helpless and insensible. The master perceiving the boy. taken so ill, had him immediately conveyed to the hos pital, where Dr. M'Grath, considering the boy was poisoned, applied the stomach-pump, by which he dislodged the dangerous ingre dients. Upon these being examined the doctor came to the opinion that they con tained nitric acid and a vegetable poison. The mystery surrounding this singular affair is what motive the swagman could have in view for taking away the life of a boy who was an utter stranger to him, or if he had any malignant intention at all — whether, in fact, he acted out of ignorance, or with a knowledge of what would ensue. The narrowest railroad in the world is between North Billerica and Bedford, Mass., a uuuuivd ui mgai ana a nan nines: ±ae track is 10 inches wide. The engine and cars are proportionate with the width of the track. The passenger cars have an aisle in them and a seat on each side instead of two seats, as in a full grown car. There are thirty seats in each car. The train runs' twelve miles an hour ; one grade on the road is 155 feet per mile. The trains consist of two passenger and two freight cars and an engine. The cars and engines have air breaks and, all the modern improvements. Ordinary cars weigh four times as much as these little coaches. The cost of the road ie 2,500 doL per mile, and the running expenses are said to be about one fourth those of ordinary trains, \- A Queensland telegram states that further news from Palnierville states that fully 600 Chinese are on the ground, and that they are all doing well. The sinking is from ten to twenty feet. Europeans are leaving there for the spot. Chinese firms are all in receipt of orders to send goods at once. The New South Wales Council of the Agricultural Society has taken no steps to consider what shall be done as a conse quence of the refusal of the Government to submit a vote of £10,000 for the Exhibition. It is said that one of the members is willing to advance the e mount himself. A number of citizens and members of the Society are willing to subscribe to the fund, so as to cany out the scheme. In that part of the Black Forest belong ing to the Grand Duchy of Baden lies the pretty district of Konigsfeld, containing about 410 inhabitants. During 50 years there has been in it no crimes or mis demeanors of any sort — neither transgres sion of the police regulations nor sheriff's sales, nor illegitimate births, nor divorces, nor lawsuits of any kind. Moreover, in these last 50 years at Konigsfeld no one has ever got drunk or stretched out a hand to beg. A gentleman in Melbourne, who is worth about £250,000, has just married a barmaid. No wonder the English cotton materials are not so much thought of in many parts of the world as they used to be. Mr. J. H. Bridges has lately weighed a sample of the cotton yarn in Lancashire known as 32s twist, and a sample of apparently stout cot to.ncioth , of the kind most in demand for fHerChina market, both samples being per fectly dry.; the yarn weighed 3,260 grains, the. cioth 1,110 grains. They were then, eteeped for a few hoursin'hot water, washed,, dried, and again weighed.- The yarn weigh'ed: 855 grains, the cloth 810. In' ojther words ♦ lizi- TrowiV '-llQii Irt^4- .an/lilt ^O . nait /ftfiaif- s\¥ i+n VUUv TU1U J'UM' 1WUV df/VUV-I^U . MJVX \\-\jLAIJ XJM. itO weight 'and the cloth 27. per cent.' ' A -large quantity, vf- china clay was washed out. As ;an illustration : of the many different ^agents at work for the speedy destruction of iron, the Nautical Magazine for April gives the following : — ' In certain anchor ages chain cables after beine: submerged 'a few weeks are deeply scored, so much in deed, that the fibre of the iron stands clearly out; and in places cells resembling the haif section of those of the teredo -navalis in timber may be traced. Few who have not examined a specimen of the links on the spot would credit that so much mischief may be done to one of the hardest of materials by some unknown cause. When heaving in the rust may be taken off like paste; it easily washes away, leaves no trace of weed or shell behind, which almost infers that galvanic action is the cause. Sailors attri bute it to an insect ; but whatever it may be, the injury arising from the submergence of a few weeks exceeds the ordinary weat and tear' of years. A correspondent at the Billabong writes : — ' We are busv lamb-marlrino-. t-nA en f.ir our percentage is very satisfactory. We have dealt with the progeny of 8,000 ewes, and the percentage is 84. We have 6,000 more ewes to go through, but as there are a good many. maidens among them the average will be reduced to about 78 or 80 per cent, of lambs.'— Town and Couiitry. '' A movement seems to have set in amongst Victorian Ministerialists in favor of the abolition of the tax on stock, which is now discovered to be injurious to the meatpre serving industry. There is no prospect^ however, according to a Melbourne journal, of an. amendment being obtained this year, as Ministers consider that the impost having been adopted after full debate, and with the concurrence of the present objectors, is entitled to a fair trial. The local paper says that the Kapunda and North-west Bend Railway works have been up to the present progressing in a very satisfactory manner, but it is afraid that the late rains will affect the cartage of the sleepers between the sawmills at Mount Crawford and Gawler to a very considerable extent. Our contemporary, however, is in formed that the contractors have taken ad vantage oi tne reuer. or tne taritt in Victoria, and have arranged for a consignment of some 6,000 sleepers, 500 of which have ar rived in the Victorian. . A case of interest to public school teachers was decided at the JJydal police court a few days ago. By the evidence adduced aud the statement of the teacher of the public school at Aieadow Flat, it appeared that one of his youthful charge aged 10 was guilty of very immoral conduct. The teacher administered to the boy a castigation, consisting of about ten cuts with a light cane over a suit of tweed. For this the teacher was afterwards fisticuffed, knocked down, aud subsequently summoned by the boy's uncle. A cross action brought by the teacher was dismissed, and the latter was fined 20s, with 40s pro Country correspondent. Captain W. D. Gray, of 22, Napier street, Melbourne, thus writes on the important subject of 'Dead Reckoning at Sea': — ' May I ask you '(Age) to call the attention of the nautical world to our still defective means of finding a ship's position by dead reckoning. A great number of the casualties occur from losing the ship's position after a day or two's thick -weather, which, notwith standing the ordinary currents, ou-rht to be better provided for. All navigators ex perience the want of a more combined means of mechanical registry of the forces acting on a vessel in her motion through the water. The best appliances we have fall far short of what they might be or ought to be in these uajo vl Loan uarcuiug. m Liuitra gouu 03, old England's nautical kings offered rewards for improving- the means for finding the longitude. Some encouragement ought to be given ? to find a better way of showing continuously a ship's position, under such circumstances.' A series of interesting experiments on the comparative durability of iron and steel rails has lately been carried out on the Oologne Mindent Kailway. (The chief results are given in Annales Itidustrieiles, April 7.) In 1864 a number of rails of different manu facture were laid near the station of Ober thusan, on the most severely-worked portion of the line. It is showu that the passage of 1,340,000 axles was necessary to wear the Bessemer rails 1 millimetre. Replacement of rails took place from time to time till 1874, to an extent which is shown in a table. Of the l,935rails replaced, 1,204 were broken in full section, 227 in a section at a fish plate hole, and. 504 were rendered useless through various causes. Since 1874 the number of rails requiring replacement has been constantly diminishing- instead of in creasing as previously. This is because most of the deteriorated rails have been such, not through lack of strength, but through some fault of manufacture, which became ap parent only after some months of service. Lastly, while in 1870 it was necessary to renovate 7'75 of the total length, in 1877 the proportion is only 1*13, testifying to the advantage of steel over iron rails. There are more than 11,000 women tele graph operators in Great Britain.^ A proposal is .under consideration in Mel bourne for a tour round the world. The intention is to charter a steamer of 1,000 tons, and fit her up to carry 50 passengers. She is to sail from Melbourne, calling at Sydney and Newcastle, and thence to Japan, China, India, Ceylon, Egypt, and Turkey, thence to England and America, returning through the Canal to Java, Borneo, and the principal places in the Pacific, and then home. The whole tour is to occupy twelve months. According to the Wallaroo Times the workmen have commenced pulling up the portion of the Kadina and Port Wakefield .Railway near the Hummocks which was condemned by the Enginter-in-Ghief in his recent visit. Of course, we do not for a moment blame Mr. Mais for what he has done, knowing how absurd it would be for a gentleman holding such a position as he does, to make a tour of a hundred miles, and return again without seeing any thing to find fault with ; but we certainly think it is time our members took some stand, in order that the line may be available for the incoming harvest. For the last three years at least the farmers who will be benefitted by the line have been hoping that it would be ready for them when they required it, but after the unpardonable delay, and the endless disappointments, there seems really less hope of the line being completed for harvest than there was three years ago. The cremation of the dead on battlefields is strongly advocated by Mr. William Eassie in an address to a sanitary congress in Eng land. He is confident that by means of portable crematories he could reduce to ashes 10,000 bodies in as many minutes of time. Interment of bodies by thousands must of necessity pollute the springs and contaminate the air. 