— ; — — ' THE BOATMAN'S STORY. "Frightened at that ? No,' sir, not likely to be either. I never was really frightened but once in my life 1" tf Only frightened once in your life ? Come then, captain, tell us all about it ; it must have been a rare fright to last you all your life." "Was it a ghost ?" added the brother of the last speaker. " No, Master Alfred, it was no ghost ; I don't believe in ghosteBses, myself." " Well, tell us all about it," repeated William Sinclair. " But I thought you young gentlemen wanted me to take you out fiBhing replied the old boatman, commonly called captain Abbott. " So we did ; but the sun is hot now, and you said we should not catch much as the wind was east, so we would much rather hear what frightened you, and go out fishing another time." " Yes ; in the evening," chimed in Alfred Sinclair. " When the sun has gone down ; and the wind may have changed from the east by then, you know; captain." "Yery like it may, sir; often does just before sunset. Now, if yon young gentle men like to do so, I'll row you across the harbour to Rapparee Cove, and we can Bit in the Bhade there, and I'll mend my net a bit, while I spin a yarn for you." " We'll row, and you steer," exclaimed the two brothers, jumping into the boat, and taking the oars. "What is it called Rap- par ee Cove for ?" " Can't say, sir ; unless it be that smug gling used to be carried on here ; its a convenient place to' run a boat , in, you see. Some Spanish ships were lost on the rocks here years ago and many a gold doubt- loon found its way into llfracombe from them. Mind your oar, Mr. Alfred, here we are. Now I'll make the boat faBt and bring my -nets — as nice a place to spend an hour or bo, to my thinking, as need be. What do you say, sir ?" said Abbott, appealing to the elder brother. " I think it's the jolliest place I ever saw, captain, with these beautiful cliffs < at our backhand all those rocks runbiug out into the sea. And now, captain, for your story," said William, throwing himself oh the dry, warm Band near Abbott, and shading his eyes with his hat, while Alfred seated himself on a large stone on the other side of the sailor, and commenced shying pepples into the water. " I've been thinking, young gentlemen, I can't tell you what frightened me without telling you a good bit of my early life." " All the better," said the two brothers. " All the better. Now begin, as the story books always do, with ' Once upon a time.'" Abbott took off his hat and wiped bis face with his handkerchief several times ; he was a fine looking fellow, in his blue guernsey and bare throat, and darkcurly hair well streaked with grey. " I was born at Clovelly, yonder," he began, " and lived there the first twelve or fourteen years of my life. You can see the furtherest point there away to the left ; the prettiest place in England, to my thinking. We moved from Clovelly to llfracombe. My father was a carpenter, and I worked with him when I wasn't going off to sea. When I was about eighteen, I went to Squire Bassett as carpenter, but I still lived at home, and walked backward and forward night and morning, if I didn't get by water. I was the only child they ever had, and my poor mother made a deal of me. She had never the best of health ; I remember her being very hearty — bat she was a good woman, and a good mother to me. " I'm sorry for any lad who hasn't a good mother. No one oan be what a mother is to a lad. The thought of her keeps him from many a huitful thing ; he wouldn't like to vex her, or he would be ashamed of her knowing, when he would not so much mind his father. I owe a good deal to my mother, I'm certain sure of that. All the comfort able things a mother does to help to keep a son's heart soft and loving to her— for we're all more or lesB selfish — you know. Well, my father died when I was just turned twenty, and before I was twenty-one I had begun to keep company with a girl that had been a time at Squire Bassett'g, but after ward she came into the town here, as her aunt let up a lodging-house, aud she was to hfclp her. " Visitors had'begun to find out this place was pleasant to come to even then ; they would come from London, and the gentry from the country wonld come for a few weeks to get some fresh air and sea bathing — nothing like what it ia nowadays, but still there was a few. I had kept company a good bit before I liked to tell my mother (a bad sign, young gentlemen :) but one day some neighbour let out to her about me aud Susan walking together; so in the evening, when I came back from work and she was getting upper ready — she always waited for me, let me be ever so late — she said, ' My bey, is Susan Tarner anything to you V I laughed & bit,' and, leant back in my chair and said, 'What little bird has told yon that, eh, mother?"' " Well, she got up and came behind me, and took my face in her two hands and kissed me many times. ' Jem,' she said. ' I'd like you to have a good wile, and she, should be as my own daughter. I could . not love ahy- one'sowell as my own boy, except his wife, if Bhe was a good wife to him; bub, oh, Jem, mind what you're doing, and don't do what you may repent of, once and for ever.' " "I did not like to say much, and mother speaking in that kind way, and not flyiDg out about Susan as many mothers would, when they didn't approve, kept me from being vexed with her. "'You'll not leave me, Jem, if you do marry?' she said, ' will you ? My health's never good, you know, and I'd like this to be your home, so long as I live.' Father had put a bib of money by, but it was all hers, aad I'd never thought of leaving her, an I said; ' No, mother, I'll not leave you. I'll always be your Bon, even if I have a wife.' - . " ' You'll promise me that ?' she said. ! \- "' Yes, mother, I promise/ I said. "I promise'willingly,' . .a- " Thank you, my boy/ she answered, and again she put her thin hands on my head, and kissed me. ' God bless you, Jem; and may He' guide you in our choice, and keep you in' all yoor ways.' " So she never said a word about me not having told her, and she never said Bhe didn't like Susan, you see, so I could not but feel a bit vexed with myself for never having taken counsel with mother, on let her know what I was thinking about. "Well, we went on, Susan and me, keeping company some three years, and then I thought lb was time we should think of marryiDg. My work was very regular, chiefly carpentering, and my wages good. ' Well, I asked Susan about our settling, but Bhe was quite set on having a bouse of her own, and that I could not promise, ' Mother will be as good as your own mother could have been,' I said, 'and there's two Bitting roomB — one will be yours, Susan, and all your ewn things in it.' No; she wasn't pleased, and I wasn't, and we walked home rather put out with each other ; and as we came near the nursery gardens beyond the "church, we met the new upholsterer, Mr. Albert Strong, smoking like a chimney, and he took off hia hat in a free and easy way to Susan.. I didn't like it ; and when he had gone on, says I, ' You kDow that young man, Susan?' " ' Know him ! Of course I do. I should think everyone knows him by this time' — most, genteel he is, and taken such a good shop in High-street — he comes from London.' " ' The next time I met this Mr. Albert Strong was a Sunday afternoon, and to my surprise Susan was with him, and him smoking all the time. She coloured up ' bit and seemed vexed at meeting me, for Bhe had Bent me word she could not walk, as her aunt bad lodgers and wanted her in that day ; aud it was not a likely part of the place for me to be, too. However, she came forward and said aunt had let her go at last; it, was a shame, such a lovely evening, to stay in the house, and Mr. Strong had escorted her till she could meet me. " ' Whatever made you think of looking for me on the Torr ?' said I, feeling uncomfortable. " 'Do you think you're so small one can't see you?" said she, laaughing; and I was nigh a foot higher than Mr. Strong, so if she had been looking out for me no doubt, she might have seen me from the hill; and, perhaps, I ought not to have suspected any thing. We walked od a bit together, and then somehow I thought he made a sign to Susan, and once more I felt uncomfortable, and longed to knock him down. I've often wished I had then; but he took his leave immediately after, and I began to feel a little better. "'Very genteel he's dressed, isn't he?' said Susan, as soon as he was out of hearing. "' Genteel, is it? Oh! I didn't know/ I said. ' I thought his coat must have been cut out of a remnant ; he couldn't button it after a good dinner, I'll be bound.' " Such a thing as it wbb ? Blue cloth and brass buttons and small tails behind. " ' And his hair brushed so very genteel,' she continued ; ' and smells so sweet.' " So we went on, and she seemed as if she would only talk that way. I could not get her to be grave, or think about the house ; not that evening or any other time we were together. So never let me begin about our settling or anything serious, if she could help it ; and one day, about a month after the walk, I said I thought she had something on her mind — was her aunt good to her? " ' Oh, yes,' Bhe said, ' everybody was better to her than she deserved.' " ' Well, come home with me this evening/ I said, ' and have tea with us aud see what thee'lt say to the house ; it's a long time, Susan, since thee've been to see mother.' I can't, I can't,' she said, ' don't ask me ; not to-night, James, not to- night.' With that she burst into tears, and turn ing from me — we were just passing her aunt's at the time — she waved her hand, and ran in. " That was our last walk together. " Next morning I could not go up very early, for I had a particular job to finish, but just before dinner I ran off to her aunt's. Susan's not in.' she said. 'Not in/ I re peated ; ' where ie she gone ?' "'Oh, I suppose a bit of shopping or something,' she said; 'I can't rightly Bay.' So I welit. round home the other way, and passed Mr. Strong's smart shop; the blinds were all closed, but there was a notice that a new and startling investment was expected from London on the following Saturday, which would be ready for inspection on Monday next. I went home and had my dinner, and back to my work till about five o'clock ; and about five mother came to me in the Bhop and put her hand on my arm, and said, looking as kind and pitiful as ever woman did, ' Jam, dear, have you seen Susan, to-day ?' " ' No, mother,' says I, turning sharp ; ' what's the matter ?' " ' Why, her aunt's come to see after her ; she's not been in since morning, Jem, and—' "'And what, mother?' I said, feeling scared like, " ' Her best clothes are gone, and Mrs. Hobba has beard Bhe was seen early to-day on the road to Lse.' " ' What should take Susan to Lee ? "'Well, James Abbott/ said her aunt — who had followed my mother and was jnst outside the door, though I hadn't noticed her — 'I'm sure if it's all true, it is quite as strange to me as to you ; I never was so took aback, and I hope you'll throw no blame on me for it.' " 4 For what, Mrs. Hobbs ?' I said ; ' what's true ? What's the matter ? Csn't you tell a fellow at once, and not go playing with him, when you've gob him on the nook sure enongh ?' " ' Well, indeed, Mrs. Abbott, I don't like telliug things too snddint like/ she said; ' but if James would rather know, no one bas a better right, of course, than him. Well, then, they say, that Albert Strong went to Lee this morning, too. Hib shop's empty, and the quarter's just up. They suspect that they have been married at L;e. Stroug has been sleeping there, and walking backward and forward for a fortnight, and they say the bans must have been cried there. She came into a bit of money about a month ago.' " Money I and me never to know 1' I said. ' Why, t'was only yesterday I asked her if she wanted any 1 I'm off to Lee, mother. If he's not married her, I'll follow them, break every bo:;e in his body, and bring her aafe home to Mrs. Hobbs. If they are married I'll come home to you, mother. I said I'd be your son all my life.' " I was not long getting to Lee, but the clerk had gone out fishing, and the parson had ridden over to Birnstaple. So I climbed to the top of a hill and watched till the boats began returning. It had got so dark, I had to wait for the clerk to get a lantern before we went to the church. He brought out the book, and there, sure enough, was the marriage : Albert Strong and Susan Turner. Mr. Wrey had married them, and gone to Barnstaple after, the clerk said. I never spoke a word, and went out of the church, and straight home. "I went about my work a week or_ two. and then I felt I had no stomach for it. I must have a change of some sort, and I did not see how to get it, and leave the poor mother, either. I was turning it over in my mind when a groom from Squire Bassett s rode up, and said a young gentleman in his yacht was off Watermouth Bay, and wanted a handy man to do some little work on board at once ; so he, being a friend of mine, called to give me the job. Even this was different from what I had been at in llfracombe, so I took up my wallet, and told mother not to wait dinner for me ; got a lift in a boat as the tide served, and was there in no time. " The yacht was off Watermouth Island, (you must go and see that, and the caves there, too, young gentlemen, some day ; a beautiful trip it is.) Well, I went onboard, and Mr. Hamilton himself was there, and told me st once all he wanted done. I did . it to his satisfaction ; he was going up and down and coming back every now and then, and asking me a question or two. " ' Do you know anything above working a ship ?' said he. ' I've never been on board one like this, sir,' I said, ' but, of course, I am as much at home in our fishing smacks and Euch like craft, as on land, living always by the sea.' " 'And you're a handy man, and can give a, hand to anything going on, I hear,' con tinued Mr. Hamilton. ' And a sober one, too, which is best of all.' " 'Yes, sir, I hope so.' " ' And your name's James Abbot, I think ?' " ' Yes, sir.' " ' Well, Abbot, don't leave the yacht till I return. Yon see there's a cold pie and some bread and cheese there ; eat your dinner, and I'll come back.' " In about an hour I heard him come back, and Squire Bassett with him. I could hear them talking all the way, and somehow felt it was about me. So I got up and stood ready. My work was all done and my wallet over my shoulder, and the two gentlemen came in, and the squire nodded, and said, ' Good-day, Abbott. My friend, Mr. Hamilton, wants a steady, useful fellow to go with him in his yacht to the Mediter ranean ; he's taken rather a fancy to you, and came to inquire of me.' " ' The fact is, Abbott,' said Mr. Hamilton, ' I've had so much trouble with my fellows getting drunk, I've had no peace of my life ; own I've & new crew. I don't want you to do much in working the vessel ; but a handy man to wait on me, and take charge of things, and to do any carpentering required, will suit me far better than the drunken valet I had to send off before I had had him a month.' " Here was just what I had been longing fori 'And how long should we be away, sir ?' I asked. " ' Eighteen months or two years ; not more, certainly,' said Mr. Hamilton. " ' I'd like it above all things, sir, and I think I could give you satisfaction. I've my old mother at home, and I must speak to her before I could give anything positive of an answer.' '"Where does she live ?' said Mr. Hamil ton. " ' Oh, I know/ Baid the squire ; ' at least, my people do ; we can call this evening, as we pass through the town, and see what Mrs. Abbott thinks of it.' i "In the evening Mr. Hamilton came; he shook hands with mother, and very pleasant he was ; he talked a good bit, and he told her it was extraordinary the difficulty there was in getting sober men, and, with his small crew, it would be madness to start if he couldn't depend on them. 'They're far worse than animals,' says he. ' Positively, a monkey after being once made drunk will never touch it again, and just look at men !' " Well, my dear mother never made any trouble about my going, never thought of herself in the matter. ' Jim/ she said, ' I'm far better pleased in my heart, than that you should have stayed at home married to Susan ; she never was worth so much as your little finger.' 44 Well, we started in the Isabella. We touched at TJshant, off the coast of France, and then across the Biy of Biscay to Ferrol, then Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibralter, and up and down the Mediterranean, sometimes staying weeks at one place. I enjoyed it all uncommon ; saw Mount Vesuvius smoking, and often watched it at night; it was splendid to see the fire rising out of the crater. However, at laBt the time came for ns to return home. I had written regular to my mother, and heard often from her. I wasn't sorry when Mr. Hamilton told us we were homeward bound. We had the worst storm all through the two years off Cpe Finisterre, but our little craft weathered it, and we reached Southampton in safety two years and one month eince we left England. 11 As soon as Mr. Hamilton could spare me I was anxious to be off home, and I left very early one Thursday morning, to catch the six o'olock Government train to Exeter. I was going along the empty streets at a sharp pace, with a good big bundle on my stick over my shoulder, when, all of a sudden, in a narrow, dirty street, a mar», half wild, rushed out of a mean- looking house, aud said : ' For heaven's sake, young man, come in here !' 44 Now, young gentlemen, when I began my tale, I was to tell you I had never been frightened but once. Now's the time. " 4 What for?' said I, stopping short. " 1 He's hanged himself ! I'm afraid he's dead 1 For heaven's sake, come and help.' 44 1 went in after him up the narrow stair, put my bundle down, and followed him into an empty room. The fire-place pro jected a good way, so that there was like a small room on each side of it, which might be left to different lodgers. Behind the door, on a large hook, a wretched man had indeed hanged himself. 44 ' Cm you cut him down ?' said my poor, shivering guide. ' I have not the strength myself.' " 1 Who are you V I asked. 4 4 4 Only a fellow lodger, nigh as bad off as them ; but I came to bring the poor wife a sup of tea, aud found him here ; then 1 heard a step, I ran down and saw you coming along.' " All this was said in a hurried whisper as I got out my knife ; but I could not teach him quite ; the hook was so high, and the bit of rope so short. Lean on me,' said my guide ; 4 1 could bear your weight for & moment, and you could catch bold of the door.' "I got my knee on his back, then one foot on his shoulder to steady myself, while my left arm grasped hold of the door, and I began cutting at the rope. I had cut half through, wheu my frail support tottered, and at the same moment the door swayed under me. Dropping my knife, I clutched at something to recover myself ; it was the dead man, and down I came to the ground. " Down I came, and straight atop of me fell the corpse. I had cut more than half through the rope, and the remaining thwarts were not enough to support him when my guide let go, and I caught hold of his coat. Young gentlemen, I was frightened then. ,& " Straight upon me fell the dead man. I saw his staring eyes, felt his cold face against mine. The horror of it weDt all through me shivering my inside, and I believe I .kalf fainted. When I recovered myself we lifted him and laid him straight cut behind the door, and I sat down on the stairs a bit to get my heart again. " ' There's no use telling the poor wife,' whispered little Pegson ; 1 she cant i live over the day ; better not tell her. There was a distress put in yesterday, and all the poor things they had was took from them q j only her bed left, as she could not wantit long ; seen better days ; brought up quite genteel they was. I .had brought a cup of tea, but had no time to give it her when I found him there. Would you, in charity, give it while I inform the police. I'm the oldest lodger, and it will be expected of me.' " I was too late for the six o'clock train, so I agreed to stay where I was. He was just going down the staira, when he turned back suddenly. ' Sir, do you know whafc brought him to that' pointing to the wretched body, 4 and brought them to their miserable state? I can tell you. It was nothing but driiik. He drank everything; wife and child must starve, so he could gee a drop of the devil's bottle.' " Then he hurriedly left, and taking up the tea I went toward the bed. " There was a little child fast asleep, the mother's face was hidden, and her arms stretched over the child. At first I thought she was dead, but when I gently moved one arm, I heard the quick, short breath. I put a spoonful of tea in her mouth, and heard it swallowed : I gave a few mora ! then she turned over, and I saw her face. Yonng gentlemen, it was poor Susan, it was, indeed ! " Her eyes were closed, but she took the tea eagerly ; it refreshed her. She felt for her child, and her thin fingers moved in his curly hair, while big tears fell down her cheeks. J "Pegson came back, stepping gently across to me. " ' Has she taken all V he said ; ' oh, I'm glad. And the boy asleep ? Very good.' " 4 Here,' I said, taking some money from my Docket, ' Pegson, go and get some food, some milk, a loaf of bread, a little brandy.' 44 'No, no,' he said, ' she won' c touch that ; never would, poor bouI. She said she knew what brandy had brought him to, and she would never wet her lips with it, were she dying ever so.' 44 4 Then what you think best ; something for the child, and some meat for yourself/ I answered. "Well, yonng gentlemen, she recognised me before she died, snd told me a bit of her history. ' It wa3 drink,' she said, 'that rained him. We moved about from one town to another,' she said, ' aad we got poorer and poorer, and ths poorer we got the more he drank. Oh, James, how badly I behaved to you, and you so kind ! If any girl was ever sorely punished for her flirting, foolish, deceitful ways, it's me. And what 1 could have seen in him, I'm sure I've often wondered 1' " She could hardly draw her breath, and I was afraid of her Bpeaking too much. ' Oh, but I've so little time,' she said, 1 bo little time ; and I want to tell you all before he comes in again.' " She did not know, and she could not see the ghastly thing lying in that ugly comer, as I did. I had never recognised him. I doubt if even bis own mother would have known him now. "'Oh, James/ she continued, 'Im ashamed to ask you, but what can I do? I can't die in peace and think of his father having him !' and with her thin, trembling hands she pushed her boy's curly head towards me. I promised I would take him and rear him as if he hsd been my own, and sbe cried and blessed me. She only said a few words after I had promised. I took him to church. 'Harry, Harry, she repeated, to show that that was his name. I knelt down and said, ' Our Father. ' God bless you,' she said, and never spoke again. In an hour or so it was all over. "I got Pegson to arrange about her funeral, and she was buried the same even ing ; him and me followed her to ih8 grave, with the baby in my arms. Then I made poor Pegson a present, snd leaving that wretched house, went to the Rvilway Inn, near the station, where I was to start from next morning. Mother didn t know when I | was coming, so that she had not been I frightened st me not arriving ; I had only j written I would get away as soon as Mr. ' Hamilton oould spare me. i " I had a good bit to go by cor.ch at the ! end but we reached llfracombe at lsst, and catching hold of a boy, I bsde him run to i Mrs. Abbott, and tell her a 3ailor man told ! him to say James Abbott would be at home : that evening ; so I found mother all ready on the look out for me. She looked surprised 1 at the child at first. ' It's poor Susan's, i mother,' I said ; so she gave him a drink of i milk, and then took him off with some hot j water, and broguht him down again, looking quite different. ! " Mrs. Hobbs had died while I was away, ! and the few friends we had mother told them ! about Harry. But he grew up to call her , Granny and me father always, and he always | said his name was Harry Abbott, aud I never said nothing against it. He was the very i image of his poor mother, her pretty, light ' curly hair and all ; didn't feature or favour I his father, even in a look, and that was a i comfort. A3 be grew bigger, nothing would please him but the sea ; and so, whan he was about fifteen, and I had a letter from Mr. Hamilton to say he had come into a large j property and had married, and was going to take Lady Hamilton (he was Sir John Hamilton now) a trip in one of the best ' yachts ever built, and if I bad a mind he'd | be glad of me to go with them. I spoke to I mother, and we agreed to accept, and I ; offered Harry to go along with me. 44 So we two joined the Emerald at Devon- port. I thought if Harry liked it as he ; expected, he should enlist on board a man- of-war afterward. We were only to be a year away. Ten months had passed, and we had left Maderia homeward bound ; there j had been a bit of a squall and a heavy sea | running all day, and I had taken a turn of ; the watch, as I often did to save Harry ; he was growing fast, and I liked him to get the j morning watch as much as possible, not to ' break his rest. So I had just turned in st eight bells, (that's four o'clock), and was dosing off, when I was sure I heard a cry of ' Father, father !' "Before I could leap out of my berth, came that dreadful sound, ' Man overboard !' " I was up in no time, and tore along the deck. The yacht had hove to, so I seized the rope they were just going to throw to him, and pluDged in. The sun was rising, nd it was quite light, but a heavy sea on still. I saw his curly head above the water as I leaped overboard, aud swam for dear life toward him, but the sea was rough, and they thought on board he had struck against something in falling. "I never saw my Harry — never saw hia curly head no more. They hauled me back on board, more dead than alive, and when I came to myself again, we were plunging along with a stiff breeze, ten knots an hour. I knew we had left Harry miles behind, all alone in his watery grave," " Oh, captain," said the two Slnclairs. " I am so sorry 5" — The Argosy, ' . 