EWTEBTASWJiSEWTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Concerning the play of " Wedded unto Death," which was j:iven for the first time in this part of the world on Saturday night, at the Theatre Royal, it was written, so the bills say, by Sir. James Robertson, who is or was, 1 learn, a brother of that other Ilobert son who wrote '"Caste,' "School," and other excellent society pieces. That other Robertson died, more is the pity. More is the pity, also, that this James Robert son did not die instead of him. Or, was James Robertson the Robertson who died on the voyage from Melbourne to India? Let us hope it was, and that he was thus prevented writing any more plays like " Wedded unto Death." I do not learn that he was insane, but I conclude so from this play. At first I thought 1 must be insane myself, and if I had found anybody who understood it, 1 should have believed that the inability to discover if it had any plot, or purpose, or point, was the fault of some cerebral disturbance in myself. 1 am told that the play is a bit of practical jesting, and that the author is supposed to be laughing at the stupidity of those who cannot see the joke. At once 1 acknowledge that I could not see any joke in it, but as for the stupidity, I think it remains with the author. I am unacquainted with the habits of Mr. James Robertson ; but I could imagine that he was given a good deal to liquor, and that the liquor was very bad, muddy, fiery, fusel-oily. Some mad people have written clever things, and some drunken people have written clever things, but the madness or drunkenness of Mr. James Robertson did not result in cleverness, but in vapidity and incoherency. Or I could imagine that, after drinking many pints of bad beer, he had torn 20 or 30 leaves out of 20 or 30 bad melodramas, and, pinning them together, had called the bundle " Wedded unto Death." It may be that we are all wrong in our estimate of Mr. James Robertson. It may be that " Wedded unto Death " is a work of genius. And genius is always misunderstood. Perhaps in fifty years or more it will be understood, and then" if anybody digs up what now 1 am writing, it will be quoted as a curious instance of the critical behindhandedness of this age. We can none of us do more than act according to our lights; and according to my lights^this play is incomprehensible. It begins with a burial, and ends with an explanation which clears up nothing. Between these extremes there are graveyards, and ghosts, and acro bats, and bigamy, and masquerading, and ballets, and harp-playing, and many speeches of the high-falutin order, and weeping, and tearing of hair, and domestic quarrelling, and comic scenes which do not make you laugh, and tragic scenes which do make you laugh. There are bite of dull farce, and there are bits of " flip-flap" pantomime. There is a beadle who is frequently tripped up, and there are solemn persons who 6trike their foreheads with the palms of their hands, and call upon heaven, and hell, and other foreign parts to witness the correctness of their statements. But the only definite thing I could get at was a stomach-ache, of which one of the characters complained. When this stomach-ache cropped up, I thought there would be an explanation as to its cause, and-that we should learn the extent of its relevancy. But nothing came of it It stood by itself, like the Hill of Howth, and did not help to throw any light either upon what had gone before or upon what followed. So I am yet in the dark why, on a sudden, the graves in a cemetery opened, and several corpses in clean linen, shot up like so many Jacks-in-the box; or why the largest of these corpses should wander about through festive scenes, spoiling the tranquillity of their friends, and puzzling the audience. Equally inex plicable is the relationship of the characters. There is a count, played by Mr. Charles Hall, who (Mr. Hall) has come back from Ame rica. The count is an unhappy person, as if he had a never-ending toothache, and there were no dentists in his neighbourhood. He has two wives, one of them being one of the corpses in clean raimenfe He seems to have committed bigamy without knowing it, and he gesticulates, ejaculates, and adjures variously.' Mr. .Hall's principal business seemed to be to find out when he should ges ticulate, when ejaculate, and when adjure, and <1 do not think he made up his mind on the subject. His embarrassment was fur ther increased by the responsibility attaching to a little girl, who seems to have been stolen like the Pottsbaby, but, unlike the Potts baby* was soon found again. The count has a friend. You learn from the bills that he is his friend, otherwise you would not be sure of it; and I do not think Mr. Vincent, who played the friend, was sure of 'it either. There are three characters whom you may regard as ruffians, retainers, or bounding brothers. They were played by Mr. Goatts-trho has also come back from America-Mr. Appleton, and Mr. Taylor. I suppose it was a joke of the management to put Mr. Appleton into a' low-comedy Jjart and cause hlm to makie up . like Bardolph. Mr. Coutts seemed to like his part, ibutyou knowthereisnoaccountingfor tastej; and Mr. Taylor seemed resigned to his. Miss Navaro wasvariously a countess and a corpse. ! Sometimes sfie - was. both. Miss Medway was alternately a witch and a . lady of ' titJe, with no sort of mission in the /world. -Kiss Watt was a s&ttte;, 'atid, after the manner of Hermione, or Galatea, she walked. 4pwn from her pedestal Mies Car-' ringtdnwaaa lady's maid, wfcoijeeipedtobeun embatrassedbyanyduties. LittteMissCoutts, aged andahalf, played the harp very prettijyi -' 1 donpt know tfhy she played the 'Ju9,yi>«rfU riotVetiture upon a*friafor. mationison? thfa pdinfc The pieceopeneiT graveyard t I have flone my,best ?wi'sw# luite a diar twdewtimdii)gofii»J plot. If you have, I shall feel quite grateful if you will explain it to me. It was preced by the little ballet drama of " Magic Toy^ in which the Duvalli Sisters re- appeared after a long absence in America. Theresa!, not a large house to welcome them, but they were welcomed cordially for all that. On Wednesday the bill was changed, and we had the "Lakes of Killarney" and'"0ur Parsons." The first is only a kind of excuse for the dancing which is brought in, and the second is a piece with a certain spice of naughtiness, showing how New York dergy. men occasionally misbehave themselves. ]fc gave Sir. Greville a good chance of befojr amusing, and showed Mr. Apjplcton, JJj O'Brien, Mr. C. Hall, and Mr. Taylor in some boisterously funny situations. Also, it brought into pleasant prominence 3Kg8 Navaro and Miss Watt, and Miss Car rington and Miss Melrose. The latter had a very elementary part to play, but he played it with much pretty neatness. And, indeed, it is but due to thia young lady to say that with whatever she does she takes remarkable pains, and that the pains she takes are always successful. There is about to arrive by the Luaitauia now due, Mr. Walter Bentley, a tragedian of the Irving school, of whom good judges speak well. He will appear at the Theatre Royal and will make his first essay in Hamlet Mr! Bentley comes of a good intellectual stock being the son of the llev. Dr. Begg, of Edin burgh, and, through his mother, is related to the sisters Faithfull, all of whom take a high position in the world of letters. The Princess's management is announced to have changed hands, and there have been some complications during the process of the change, but " Uncle Tom's Cabin" is still sufficiently attractive to draw together large audiences. "Little Snow White" is also still on the boards of the Opera-house, and does not attract large audiences. At the Academy, on Saturday night, another piece of Mr. Byron's was played in Mel bourne for the first time. It is called "Oar Dad," but it has been otherwise known us " Tottles." It is one of the most amusing things I have seen for some time. If yon like you can call it a farce in three acts, the last act being especially farcical. Its plot is of the simplest kind. An old vulgarian, who has made a fortune in the coffee and chop* house business, marries as his second wife a lady of quality, repents, gets a divorce, and makes up his mind to marry a poor relation, not of quality. He has a son, whose matrimonial alliance constitutes part of the story, and he has friends who, in like manner, are concerned in filling in the situations. In the first act there is prin cipally courtship; in the second there is married life ; and, in the third there is re pentance, with eventual consolation. No plot could be simpler than this, and yet there is nothing in the nature of meagreness, or baldness, or scantiness of material. The interest never for a moment Hags, and you are all the time in fall posses* 8ion of the purpose and use of the characters. It is a very smart play; the language sparkles with cleverness. Itoffers as complete a con* trast as possible with " Wedded unto Death." Mr. Hall seems to he in every scene. In fact, it is all Hall, and a very good thing too* If you regard it as proper to' laugh yoa will go often to 8#e "Our Dad.!' That is to say, you will gbaa often as you can, for yon will not be able to go very often, as Mr. Hall is going W Sydney in & few days. But o£ course he will come back to Melbourne, and then I dare say he will revive "Our Dad,** and it will run for many weeks. I doubt not there are dull actors who would not be able to make you laugh in this character o£ Tottles. I remember when " Our Boys" was last played in Melbourne, die part of Middle* wick, was taken by a man who only made me wish that Mr. Lingard were back again. I hope never to See Tottles played by anybody but Mr. HalL I could easily enough suppose that the part had been written for him, it fits him so welL In the second act, where Tottles is worked up to a burst of indignation at his wife's irregularities, Mr. Hall so entirely abandoned himself to the furor of the situation, that his comic agony seemed to communicate itself to the audience. They shouted with'him. In the third act, where the fun approaches the ex travagant, it was impossible not to be en tirely carried away, so that the play ended ia a very tumult of laughter. So interested w&a; everybody, that the curtain descended before the rude people thought of getting up to W® that half minute, upon which their live* seem to depend. I never saw actor and audience so completely in accord with eaeb other. Such a feeling, of conrse, is a tribute to the talent of the actor, and is a rare effect to see produced. No doubt, however, it re quires for its occurrence, a piece in wjiich one character is dominant, and thnsin thiaplWt after pPottles, there is.nofc mucKpf>n^n£r088" ing kind,although, numerically,the characters .occupy the customary share of . interest. Horace Tottles, the son ofold Tottles, was admirably played -by .Mr. Ehillips, and to * scene in which he speaks h\B,mipd to Lothario who causes the divorce between ^19 father and his step-mother, he rose to 80®e" thing'like high-coimedy pronbuucedneps. Mr» A.; Bdothman, the Lothatio, was weUfittw» and would have got a still better-effect, if »<?> had cond^scended to ness Of things in the way of jaak#^P«' ®r' Ryan was supposed to be a man; a man of the worlfl j ® mail; an IiabUuS ofTU^nH^iAnd-/®0 .Row;' a ^ ing; a softly ^peaking jwVavjriaa wj® neVer fce aurprised at&nythin; rdrdi4r« acnaracter like this In a life-like maanWi . t],c last degree unreasonable. Nobody would do him the injustice to desire that he should either look or act it. If he tried ever so hard, lie could not do it, and therefore it was most inconsiderate to expect him to tiy. As a matter of fact, he did not try; he' knew better than to try, just as a frog knows better than to try to be a butterfly. Mr. Daniels played a waiter, after- j wards a butler, and finally a waiter again. He made you laugh, and if laughter be the chief end of acting, he fulfilled all that might be expected of him. Mrs. Ryan missed a good opportunity of showing how a pleasant person of staid demeanour should be repre sented. Miss Kuth Grey was six inches short of the effect she should have accom plished, but her sister Jessie was exactly whatshe was expected to be, both in height, weight, and manner. But in truth it did not matter so much as it sometimes does how the other characters were played, considering how completely the interest centred in Tottles. The first act was illustrated by a new scene, which was better than anything Mr. Massey has yet done, and a good deal better than what some other artists now and then do. It represented the beach at an English watering-place, and it was good both in composition, colour and atmosphere. On Saturday night Mademoiselle Duboin gave the second of her piano recitals at the Town-hall. Her playing excited much enthusiasm. The selection was for the most part new, and for the rest it consisted of pieces in which she had been already heard. Of the former the most notable was the Aufschwung in Schumann's Fantasien Stunke, which admirably illustrated her especial excellence in thedirection of intensity and sensibility combined. The Feu Follet of Prudent showed her skill on quite another pi ane; while in the Spanish dance of Gottschalk the airiness of her manner thoroughly capti vated a large number of the audience, to whom saltatory music is acceptable. And in all the other compositions that she played, if she did nothing else, she showed that she flings her whole soul into her work. It is certainly something of a most unprecedented kind that an audience is entertained during two hours with performances upon one in strument. Nothing short of real genius could accomplish this. The next time, how ever, that Mademoiselle Duboin appears in public she is to have associated with her some other instrumentalists and one or two' vocalists. To-night Madame Tasca takes her farewell of the Melbourne public. She has deserved very well of the public, and ought, therefore, to have a profitable leave-taking. She will perform on the grand organ, and the piano forte selections will all be of the best kind She will be assisted by Miss Christian. The panorama at St. George's Hall will be exhibited for the last time on Saturday, and on Monday the Kelly and Leon troupe will again take possession of this house. On Monday Mr. Val Vose reappeared at the Temperance-hall, after a tour of two or three years round the world. Of his merits it is needless to speak. He is now accom panied by Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Sylvester, and as Mr. Sylvester is a Bon of our old friend the Fakir, and has, therefore, learned his craft from good hands, it is easy to understand how very pleasant an entertain ment this is. TAHITE. 