PETITION AND AFFIDAVIT. William Speakman Potts, of Grenfell, archi- tect, Cause of sequestration : The Australian Joint Stock Bank having obtained a judgment against insolvent in the Supreme Court for £424 13s 11d. Liabilities about £1200 ; assets, £290. Insolvent was ordered to file his schedule by the 22nd instant. Mr. R. H. Sempill, assignee. ====================================== TESTIMONIAL TO SERGEANT MALONEY. — We (Lithgow Mercury) understand that Thomas Brown, Esq., of Esk Bank, when recently in Sydney, purchased, on behalf of a few friends, a very handsome gold watch, for presentation to sergeant Maloney, of Grenfell, late of Hartley, as a mark of the esteem in , which he was held by the residents of the Hartley dis- trict, where he resided for fourteen years as a faithful public officer. Constable Robert Stapleton, who has been stationed fit Gulgong for the last six years, has arrived at Grenfell, having been appointed gaolor in the room of the late constable Hackett. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH—The Rev. Charles Wilson Philip, of Grenfell, has been registered officiating minister for the celebration of mar- riages. SELECTIONS.— The following selections were taken up at the Land Office, on Thursday last : — D. Lynch, 40 acres, Wallah Wallah ; Philip Wood, 320 acres, Cudgemacountry ; James A. Simpson. 7 acres 34 perches, Emu Creek. During the Quarter Sessions the undermen- tioned magistrates took the usual oath before Mr. Justice Forbes :— John Lindsay Waugh, and John Newman, Esqrs. NEW YEAR'S DAY RACES. —Mr. Thomas Spencer, of the Freemason's Arms, has pur- chased the gate, booth, &c;, on the course during the races. From what we hear the day's sport will be well patronized and the attendance consequently such as to make Mr. Spencer's venture a profitable speculation. THE SEASON. —Summer weather has unmis- takably arrived, and so have those unwelcomed and troublesome musical insects, mosquitoes, who day and night, at home and abroad, buzz, bite, and blister, in a way never before experi- enced by the oldest inhabitant. Hay harvest has commenced, and the wheat will soon be ready for Mr. Lewis's IXL machine. Upon the whole everything is looking unexceptionally favourable, and there is every prospect of our barns being filled with plenty. ===================================== It has been affirmed that Mr. Farnell pur- poses to make the non-residence clause of the new Land Bill more stringent, and will move in committee for the insertion of a proviso to the effect that persons will only be allowed once in a life time to take up 320 acres under the non-residence clause. CANINE SAGACITY— Captain Heathcote sold a rough kangroo slut to Mr. Whitney, who des- patched her to Buckinguy station, some 260 miles from Orange. A few days ago the slut re-appeared in town, whether she had travelled back alone and greeted her former owner with the strongest demonstrations of canine affection. This is the same animal that recently had nine- teen puppies in one litter, of which she reared seventeen. THE Wagga Express says that the stench arising from the decayed vegetable matter brought down by the flood is terrible. Horsestealing is being carried on wholesale near Albury. It is definitely settled that Trickett and Lay- cock will meet. Rush has declined a match against Laycock. THE charge for telegrams between London and Sydney is 10s 8d. per word. MRS. Varley has delivered an address against the exclusion of the bible from the public schools. HIS Grace Archbishop Vaughn laid the foundation stone of the tower for St. Patrick's Church, Parramatta, on last Sunday. The Government (says the Evening News) has been flying a kite. It has raised the wind to the extent of £200,000, with which it has increased its apparent balances without adding a farthing to the debit side of the ledger. This £200,000 does not even appear in the account of the public debt. This is doubtless most ingenious ; but it is one of those devices which too commonly lead to financial disaster. JOHN Isaac and Co., merchants, of Sydney, have stopped payment. 100,000 bales are catalogued for the next London wool sales. IT is estimated that £100,000 changed hands over the late Victorian races. A greater por- tion of the money comes to Sydney. Goodfellows beat Steven, the Sydney repre- sentative at Adelaide, for the international cup. MR. Teece, senior, Goulburn, has become in- solvent. His liabilities are £1316, assets, £210. THE bodies of the brothers Proutt, who died of thirst in Queensland have been found beside their horses. THE human leg found on Wentworth-park, was amputated by a city surgeon, from one of his patients, about ten days ago. A labourer had been entrusted with the limb for burial, for which services he received 5s. Instead; how- ever, of doing so, the man threw it among some rubbish on the park. According to reports other bushrangers have taken the field in Victoria. MARSDENS.— A correspondent to the Argus says : — There are twelve feet of water over the Lachlan plains. One Harry Burns, on Tuesday last, found himself up a tree, like unto our late Colonial Treasurer, having been washed off his horse. Mr. Frazer, Grenfell mail con- tractor, reports that he was the witness to an act of cruelty, which is worthy of record, and something more. An animal, having the shape of a man, hit a horse over the extreme end of his spine with the sharp edge of a spade. No doubt that if a man had been in the place of the horse, the brute would have hesitated to assault him. 'AMOS KEETUR,' in the Mudgee Independent, says : — I hear Mr. Chiniquy is corning to Mud- gee shortly, to give us his experience of this wicked world of ours. One day last week a great many people thought he had arrived, owing to an old resident who, after fifteen years absence, re-visited Mn'dgae, and having a semi- clerical, foreign look about him, was mistaken for the American stranger. As he walked down Market-street with the esteem pastor of the Scotch Kirk, he was closely scrutinised, and the critiques of those ' he had left ' were compli- mentary on his face, figure, and general get-up. The news was quickly over the town by the underground telegraph, that Mr. Chiniquy had arrived, and, as one young lady put it,' had such a love of a beard.' Tom Scurrah, who is supposed to know everybody and (like me) everything, was rushed to learn the straight tip, and it would have made a storekeeper laugh on the 4th of the month to see how Tom's curley head and adipose tissue shock again as he kept up the joke, and with the fluency of a craniologist, set out the programme of the visi- tor from Canada. My friend Monty was crowded out with applicants for tickets, and had to mount his pebbles to make sure he was not the victim of a practical joke. He wasn't, but his visitors were, for the gentlemen who ' had such a love of a beard ' was not Paster Chiniquy at all, but a Mudgeeite of the olden times — Mr. Howarth. It was a case of mistaken iden- tity, and a laughable one. THE MANSFIELD MURDERERS. — The OUT- LAWS' EXPLANATIONS.— Melbourne, Friday. — Nothing more is now known about the bush- rangers. It is not quite evident whether they have yet crossed the Murray ; yet they must have full and prompt intimation of the move- ments of the police, so that they are able to avoid them. It is quite certain they were at the houses searched yesterday. It is rumoured that the murders were part of the scheme of revenge. It seems that Kelly had plainly stated that when Constable Fitzpatrick went to arrest him last April, neither he nor any of his associates fired at Fitzpatrick ; the fact being that Fitzpatrick's revolver accidentally exploded while he was attempting to take liberties of Kelly's sister, the result being that the ball lodged in Fitzpatrick's wrist. Kelly says Fitz- patrick deliberately perjured himself when he got Kelly's mother and, relations lagged. Kelly also complains that Constable Flood openly boasted that he had been the cause of the moral disgrace of his (Kelly's) sister. Constable Flood is the man that Kelly threatens to roast alive if ever he gets hold of him. The whole party seem fully imbued with the strangest feeling of revenge against the police generally, as they are evidently smarting under real or fancied injustice. Kelly is said to have ex- pressed his intention to stick iip some out-lying banks, in order to make provision for his sister after, his death, which he wall knows is not far distant. Several small banks have sent in all their gold and silver to the principal town ships. A regulation is to be framed immediately by the Victorian Minister of Customs for the pay- ment of rewards for the capture of large sharks in Hobson's Bay. It is probable an English team of football players will visit Australia in the spring. The officers of the volunteer forces have received orders to proceed at once with the en- rolment of the force. It is believed that Mr. Berry and Mr. Pear- son are to be two of the delegates to go to England, from Victoria. THE body of Andy the aboriginal who jumped out of the Yass hospital window has been found dead in a water hole in Dr. Blake's paddock. THE Mudgee Independent says :— -There is an enjoyable intellectual treat in store for those who will visit the Mechanics' Institute on Fri- day evening. The Rev. Mr. Wilson, incumbent of Trinity Church, Grenfell, now in Mudgee, assisting the Venerable Archdeacon Gunther, will give a lecture in the Mechanics' Institute, on ' Charles Dickens,' and as he is a practised speaker, and not a novice at lecturing, he will, we hope, be favoured with a full house. If we mistake not, it was the Rev. Mr. Wilson who organised, and so ably assisted in carrying out the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition at Grenfell, the first of its kind in Australia, though fol- lowed by a larger effort at Ballarat. Our new visitor is highly esteemed for his energy, and versatile and useful abilities, which are always at the disposal of every movement having for its object the mental and moral improvement of those amongst whom he labours so amicably, and usefully. THE Lithgow Mercury says:— A snake inci- dent, wonderful but true, occurred at Mount Victoria, last week, to a coloured man known as ' George,' who was working at the new cricket ground, taking out stumps. Feeling tired, he sat on a log, when he suddenly felt something tugging at his trousers' leg ; on look- ing down, he saw a large black snake fast on the trousers. In his confusion, he throw down the axe he had in his hand, and jumped away, the snake still hanging on. He then picked up a piece of hardwood to hit the ' varmint ' off its hold, when, as he made the blow, a long centi- pede fastened on his left arm, just abover the waist, and bit him on a large vein. The bewil- dered man succeeded in despatching the snake, also in killing the centipede; afterwards, on, examining his leg, he found a tooth of the snake in the cloth of his trousers. A very acute pain set in up his arm, neck, and down the left side, and even two days afterwards, the swelling was very severe, but under Dr. Tually's care, all dangerous symptoms are past. IN Melbourne a juryman was fined £10 for asking the court officials to put him on the next case. THE re- organization of the volunteer forces is considered very unsatistory, and not one- fourth of the present members will join the new body. IT's refreshing to hear the ' collective wis- dom ' relieve their feelings on the pretensions of the Press to be the exponents of public opinion. Little Angus Cameron made a telling hit at the Herald and its echo, and well both deserved it for their blackguardly attack on Sir Enery's banking operations ; and having scored a bull's-eye, the 'working man's friend' patted himself on the back, and repudiated the influence of the fourth estate, claiming for the Assembly the position of infallibility. Mr. C has turned quite respectable and conservative since he has tasted the enjoyment of his monthly draw upon the Treasury. But what shall I say of our Sir John, who in his courteous way set his foot down on the Press, which was only a commercial institution. What a wonderful discovery ! I fancy, in a commercial sense, the newspapers have not benefited by his patronage, and it may not belong before he feels their in- fluence in moulding public opinion. If news- papers have no influence, the old knight need not have got into a passion over the matter, and shewed that he sometimes speaks before he thinks. And then poor Jimmy Hoskins must have a chop at the ladder that helped him up- wards. Ah, Jimmy, you are old and gouty now, but you shouldn't forget old times, when the Press helped to raise you from the ruck of dead broke fossickers to be one of the Sanhedrim. Your knock is the hardest, and meanest. But, no matter, the Press still prospers, with the sub.5s cash,and 6s credit, and Ms. P. supplied as deadheads. — Mudgee Independent KENNEDY before he was killed seriously wounded two of the Kellys. MRS. Constable gives the proceeds of her lectures in answer to Father Chiniquy, to the building fund of St. Mary's Cathedral. MR. Day is about to propose a revival of the franking system under a modified form. When the system prevailed in England, ench member of either House was entitled to send ten letters a day to any place within the United Kingdom, and to receive 15, free. MR. Dobbs, the contractor for the bridge at the Comet, Queensland, where the late accident occurred, resulting in the death of five men, has been committed for trial for manslaughter. A human leg and foot has been picked up at Black wattle Swamp. A BOY named Phillips has died through the effect of a blow with a heavy bag of marbles. WHEN staying at Bestwood Park lately, the Prince and Princess of Wales drove over to Newstead Abbey. In the absence of Mr and Mrs. Webb, their two young daughters did the honours of the house. Having inspected sundry trophies of Mr. Webb's skill as a sports- man, the Princess asked to be shown the Byron Rooms, and particularly the ' Haunted Cham- ber.' After expressing admiration at what she had been shown, the Princess remarked : ''But where is the ghost ? A haunted room is noth- ing without, a ghost;' and thereupon began poking about with her parasol to find one. There is a recess in which part of the bedstead stands, and continuing to probe, she noticed a movement as of something. All were amazed ; when presently out rushed a young woman and ran off, and then another stood up, her face covered with her apron to hide her confusion, to the great amusement of the Prince and Princess. History says that Nell Gwynne began life as an orange-girl. ' Gwynne and win ' was her motto. Holloway's Pills.— Blood to the head, with symptoms of appoplexy.— Hplloway.'B Pills are'undemably the finest medicine riri 'the world for billiousnpss and indigestion, ' in all cases of deranged stomach, determination of blood to the head, hilliousnes, pickheadache, liver complaints, which frequently end fatally - by producing appoplexy or paralysis. There 'ia no medicine known ' that will' give such imme-i diate relief as tho renowned Pills ; young and old, rich and poor, patronize them ; so 'many cures are effected by' their use that their praMe is sounded' j from theitorrid tothe frigid 'zone -,' in truth, poisons wli'6''. travel consider thorn ! a necessary requisite. Whenever the blood be comes overheated,' the liver torpid, the skin irritated by prickly heat; arid the whole system languid and exhausted, nothing as soon gives relief as Holloway's Pill. . ? -. ? The_ Great Acolim:ating: Cordial. — The fifth division of the . globe, as this fisland ns sometimes called, embraces all the climates of the earth, except that of the frigid zono ;? and therefore a preparation which will fortify 'the system against alt changes of the atmospheric conditions, and protect it against all the offecis . of malaria and the disturbances caused by the varieties of water, will- necessary bo of inesti mable value in- Australia.-. The famous European cordial, ' Dew of the Alps,' p'ossessos' those protrnctive and preventive properties, and is besides a complete specolio for indiges tion, nervous debility, lack of yital pnergy, hypo chondria, and all complaints' of tho dig03tive organs and the nerves. Although but' feenrtly introduced hero (through the agency of Messrs. M. Moss and' Co. , the representatives of.'the Swiss proprietors) it is greatly esteemed as an invaluable restorative and most deliciousliqueur. An Enabling Tonio. — A medicated' stimu lant ; that 'enables 'those who. vise it ' to 'resist disease, the influences of oxposuro, sudden changes of temperature, and to perform an extra amount of intellectual and mechanical labourj may be called an enabling^ tonio.! 'These enabling properties are possessed in n wonder ful degree -by that strongthcreatingandKoaljih perpetHating ally of Nature,' 'Ud'olpho^ Woiira's I Schiedam Aromatic Sohnapps. ; '''' -'° : A DRAMATIC SUICIDE. — There is told, in the New York Tribune, a story which very forcibly illustrates the evils of a godless education and habit of mind. Had it appeared in any other New York paper, we might have doubted the truth of the story, but a paper controlled by such a Christian gentleman (?) as Jay Gould, ' the Wall-street Shark.' of course could not, be guilty of hoaxing the public. The story is thus related : — A dramatic suicide occurred at Capron, Ill., on Tuesday night. Early in May last, George W. Burleigh, who was an old resi- dent of Ohio, came to this town, ostensibly to start a barber's shop. Burleigh had a fine edu- cation, and was versatile in conversation. Last, Sunday, he published a card, informing the citizens that, in order to gratify an oft-expressed curiosity on the part of his townsmen to witness some such tragedy as the hanging of Sherry and Connolly, in Chicago, he would, on the evening of the 23rd, deliver a lecture in Thornton Hall, and at its conclusion, gratify his hearers by shooting himself through the forehead. The price of admission would be one dollar, and the amount realised should he used in his funeral expenses, and the remainder be invested in the works of Huxley, Tyndall, and Darwin, for the town library. His idea in ending his life was to secure eternal peace by annihilation. At the appointed time, the hall was crowded, and after the delivery of an infidel lecture of won- derful power, in a manner and tone which marked him as an adept, he suddenly drew a derringer, placed it to his forehead, and despite attempts to prevent the rash deed, fired, and fell into the arms of two friends who were in the wings of the stage for the purpose of hinder- ing the execution of the design. The large sized bullet literally tore his brain to pieces. He left a request that his body might be for- warded to Cincinnati friends. A RAILWAY IN THE HOLY LAND. — The Con- stantinople al-Jawaib of the 14th inst., says : — We are assured that a mixed company has ob- tained a concession for laying down a railroad between Jaffa and Jerusalem ; also to construct a harbour for shipping at the former place. General Mott, of the United States army, and a member of the Red Cross Society, is the re- presentative of the company here. He sailed last Friday for Paris to consult with the com- pany with regard to putting the concession into immediate execution.' The same journal states that several plans for railroads in Asia Minor have been submitted to the Porte, but that thus far nothing in that respect has been officially decided. MR. Spurgeon's ill-health is the melancholy realisation of his own forebodings. Some years ago he said to a friend, ' When I took the Tabernacle, I expected that it would kill me in seven years. I have contrived to exist for fourteen, but I cannot las much longer.' To remove tree stumps : — Set fire to the stump, and place an iron chimney, four or five feet high over it, so as to give the requisite draught at the bottom ; it will draw like a stove and soon be consumed. WHAT is one of the best of all earthly posses- sions ? Self- possession. THE heart of the fool is in his mouth ; the language of the wise man is in his heart. A boy shouldn't throw dust in his master's eyes, because it may occasion harm to the pupil. ' THE nearest I ever came to cannibalism,' said old Lord George Bentick, ' was when I swallowed a little London porter.' A young man who is given to athletic sports would like to know when the much talked of Anglo-Saxon race is to come off. A girl marked the figures 18 in her shoes. Then, when she eloped, she swore to the minister that she was over eighteen. Troops are being despatched to the Indian country to be in readiness for the savages, who, it is hoped, will also be ' despatched.' By the old Bachelor — When two girls meet they kiss. When two young men meet they don't. That shows who wants kissing the worst. Celtic hair splitting. — Scene : Highland ferry. Tugald (ferryman) : ' Will she tak a poat ?' Tonald : 'Na, na, Tugald, to poat'll tak her.' Gossip. — Can the evil wrought by gossip be estimated ? We trow not. A wise woman can- not say too little in company if the conversa- tion trenches in the least upon scandal. GOVERN YOURSELF. — Hold yourself well in check. The weakness and inefficiency of the man and woman who cannot hold a tight rein over themselves in the emergencies of life are most pitiful. ABOUT THOSE APPLES WHICH ADAM AND EVE ATE.— Some say Eve 8 and Adam 2, a total of 10 only. Now we figure the thing out far differently. Eve ate and Adam 8 also, total 16\. — Boston Journal. If Eve 8 and Adam 8 2, certainly the total will be 90. Scientific men, however, on the strength of the theory that the antediluvians were a race of giants, and consequently great eaters, reason something like this— Eve 8 1st and Adam 8-2. Total 163. — Gloucester Advertiser. Wrong again ; what could be clearer that if Eve 8-1 and Adam 8-1-2 the total was 893 ?— Lawrence American. If Eve 8-1-1st and Adam 8-1-2, would not the whole be 1623 ? Boston Journal. I believe the following to be the true solution — Eve. 8-1-4 Adam, Adam 8-1-2-4 Eve ; total, 8038.— Veri- tas. It appears to us that the gastronomical capacity of our original parents has been greatly underrated, for we calculate that Eve 8-1-4-0 but to tempt Adam, and Adam after- wards 8-1-2-4-0 but revenge ; grand total, 82,280 —Port Pirie Gazette. We think that even that number does not reach the maximum, for if Eve 8-1-1st-4-2 tempt Adam, who 8-2nd-1-2-4-2 revenge himself, the total is 902,384.— Southern Argus. THIS story is going the rounds of the news papers : A little grandnephew of Prince Bis- marck's was sitting on the Prince's knee the other day, when he suddenly cried out, ' Oh uncle, I hope I shall be a great man like you when I grow lip !' ?' Why, my child ?' asked his uncle. 'Because you are so great and everyone fears you.' 'Would not you rather everyone loved you ?' The child thought a little, and then replied : ' No, uncle ; for when people love you they cheat you, but when they fear you, they let you cheat them.' A French lady who was on her first visit to England was walking in Kew Gardens the other day. She was, on the whole, much pleased, but was greatly shocked at the notice, which she read at every turn, that 'Birdnesting is strictly forbidden.' How severe you are and cruel in this country,' she at last sorrowfully exclaimed, ' that even the little birds may not make their nests in your public gardens !' BENTHAM'S CAUTION. — When Peacock was a young man he used to dine once a fortnight with Jeremy Bentham. ' The two were invari- bly vis-a-vis, and Bentham's flow of talk was inexhaustible. One day Peacock, after much urgent entreaty, took a friend. Bentham re- ceived them gravely, made no protest, but dinner was served in a solemn silence. Solemn silence was maintained on Bentham's part until the guests departed. Curious to ascertain what Bentham meant, Peacock wrote for an explana tion. The great lawyer explained that he made a point of never having more than one person at his table at a time, since a third person was legal impediment to free speech, and it was a principle of his life never to ' commit himself before a witness !' — Light. THE Coroner of Kilbarry, Ireland, when, a few days ago, the jury found that the deceased came to his death through being gored by a bull, called up the owner of the bull and said to him, sternly : 'I must ask you to part with the animal. Ship him. He is not fit to have about the place. If you sell him here you will likely have some more Irishmen killed. Ship him, and if he is to kill any person let it be an Englishman.' English is the court language of Germany. It is a proud moment when a Briton or Ameri- can, visiting the palace, is saluted with ' Dot vos a pretty schplentit morning, ain't if?' HU-SH. ! — An amusing device was once re- sorted to by a prompter to save a piece on its first representation. It was a very bad play, and the audience began to hiss and cat-call, and to calm the uproar the prompter sent a man on to the stage. He stole down to the footlights, and looked about with an air of mystery. The people quieted down a little to hear him, when he put his fingers on his lips, and aaid, ' Hu-sh !' in a melodramatic way, and stole off, as mysteri- ously as he had come, to soft music. The audience thought he was connected with the drama, and became more interested. Every time the disapprobation broke forth on came the man again with his one word, ' Hu-sh !' It was so funny that not only was the wretched stuff saved from utter ruin that night, but it ran for some time, the ' Hu-sh ' scene being the attraction. Du Chaillu doesn't wonder that polygamy is popular in Africa, where women do must of the work, and don't require extensive outlays for dress. He saw an African chief who had 300 wives, and the whole lot hadn't three cents worth of milliner's goods about them; 