An Easter Outing IN A. U ST R.AL I A. (By "xAOR.L") , WHBRE are you going for IEaster ?" Thus, to me, my trusty chum, Al. Talbot, some days before the holidays. "1 don't know," I replied; "haven't tpought of going anywhere." " Well, look here I come with our party. I'11 speak to Jack Gordon about it, and I daresay there's room for you." "But, where are you going 1' " Oh I we're going to have a regular camp; we've got a steam-launch and a boat, and intend going to Port Hacking to have some shooting, fi hing, and general diversion." Now, I had camped out a good deal in my tcime. I knew what it involved; and, remembesing my corpulent frame and rheumatic joints, I was rather averse to the idea of "roughing it,"' as I knew many enthusiastic young Aus tralians were in the habitb of doing, when they went out on an expedition of the nature proposed by Al. I believe in comftort-.sost decidedly; \--I am just as fond of sport as most men, and, perhaps, have had as largo an experience as the majority of my acquaintance. Grouse shooting, par tridge shooting, black.cock shooting, I have had. Salmon fishing in the bonny Scottish rivers, in the lovely voes of Shetland, and in the deep blue waters of the Western Islands, I have enjoyed with a delicious zest; but Inever found warm, dry clothing, comfortable quar. ters, and good cookery, detract from, but rather intensify the sport whatever it may have been. In New Zealand I have been out shooting wild cattle on the back ranges, spearing eels with the Maoris, and put ting Paradise ducks and other winged and web footed birds on the flax.fringed tarns of Canterbury; but I never found a nice tent and warm blue blankets to be at all a bad accessory to one's sport. After a weary.day's waiting in the thick sal jungle of India when each rustle made my heart beat high with excitement, as I looked for the expected Leopard or lordly stag; or, at the end of along beat through tangled bamboo or elephant grass, as the stately line of elephants bore majestically down on the slouching tiger, the savage rhinoceros or the ponderous buffalo; a refresher in the shape of an iced hock and seltzer, a sparkling draught of champagne or claret cup, or a long pull at a refreshing brandy and soda, has never detracted from the enjoyment of the sport pure and simple, and, therefore, I asked Al what sort of a camp they were going to have. Now A) is a sort of a fellow that does'nt care a button for " grub and all that sort of thing," as he calls it, so long as there's plenty of wallaby to be shot or chrinapper to be hooked, and even wh.n he said that everything was to be tip top, quite on a .o.le of oriental magnificence in fact, .I still felt rather dubious, and, as a dernier resort, I said "Well, we can go and see Gordon !" "All right," said Al, and off we went. My first impressions of Gordon were decidedly flattering to that excellent fellow, and, when we hadvisitedhiswell stocked cellar, discussed a flagon (it was really a quart bottle, but flagon sounds well) of delicious Australian wine; and G. had told me he was to take a tent and I might have a share of it. I began to think it might not be a bad thing after all to have an "Outing at Easter, in Australia." " Where the carcase is, there will the eagles &c.;" Here, we were surrounded by wine casks; and presently in comes Leslie, and after him a stately handsome well formed fellow, with an erect mar* tial air, a lovely beard, as the fair sex would say, and a fine fresh ruddy com plexion. "Hullo Mul!" said G., shaking hands with this latest accession to our party. 'What'll ye have to drink ?" I notice that's an Australian custom. You drink first, and get introduced afterwards, and so it was in the present case. After a drink, I was introduced to "Mull." " Mull" was to be Director-General, Commissariat, Transport,-Ambulance, -Mountain train, and everything else combined, for our camp. He was to be captain and cook in one,-in fact, if I may be forgiven the pun. He was THs Captain Cook of our party. My lingering doubts were very soon dissipated as Mull began unctuously to dilate on the "prog" which was to accompany the expedition. In addition to the steam launch, there wore to be two or three tents, two aborigines to assist the chef de cuisine, and the par, y was to be limited to twenty. For their sustenance and delectation, a quarter ot an ox, a live sheep, a colossal ham, three barrels of beer (Toohoy's best), flour, potatoes, toma toes, cabbages, parsnips, carrots, cheese, bread, condiments, 'mushrooms, butter' and all the "matarials" 'for punch, not forgetting even the lemons, and last, but not least, an enormous plum-pudding, were to be provided. Ere he had half finished his temptino ,ateg,ory, my last remaining scruple had vanished, and even for a time, I must confess with a blush, I forgot all about the wallaby and the fishing. However, we discussed another flagon (I like that word), and then arranged for a muster, and talked over every requisite detail. Our luggage was to be sent down from Gordon's, and it was finally decided that the party should meet at Botany, at Sir Joseph Bank's Hotel, on the Thursday night. Thursday evening saw AI and self stowed on the box seat of the Botany 'bus. We had a pleasant ride, a com-rn fortable tea. dinner with oui hostess and ont e fair ruddy damsel, en, attendant, ' several smokes and shandygaffs, a stroll through the garden, and a meeting with several old friends, until the approach of ten o'clock. About that time the boys began to roll up; but, heavens, what a change. In place of the irreproachable bell-toppers, shining beavers and natty habiliments of every day city life, we had now the most incongruous assemblage of head-pieces that ever survived a life of adventure and years of wear. There were slouch ing sombreros, dilapidated wide-awakes, expansive cabbage trees, moth eaten fur caps, cricket caps, and even red night caps. The clothes would have shamed rag fair. Some wore jumpers guernseys, and tattordemallion jackets. The continuations were shabby to a degree; and the shoes-IHogan's ghost I such boots and shoes ; a Parisian chifZonier would have spurned them quite. Our Captain introduced us to each other, drew us up in line, called the roll, made us a speech, and then we adjourned to the bar and underwent the aoony of tambaroora for drinks, A rich Milesian brogue betrayed the presence of one HARDY son of Erin, while a polished enunciation and rather formal manner evidenced that we had another pedagogue in our midst, who, however turned out to be a King of a follow, and a mighty trencherman. Judging from his revolver practice subsequently he was well qualified to "' teach the young idea how to shoot."' Representing the banking interest we had old Father Christmas, who fully sustained the jolly associations connected with his name, and of the others I. may speak anon. Al. and I had been fortunate enough to secure a bed, but the others were relegated to the dim obscurity of the long-room, where a fewv venturesome, but enthusiastic votaries of the noble game of whist essayed a rubber amid a Babel of sound, and a perfect avas lanoch of, practical jokes; while the piano, under the nimble fingers of a mlusical member of the liarty, emitted strains of a decidedly Bacchanalian character; and, under the combined distraction, the whist-players had to succumb. Very few that night slept the sleep of the just, and the noisy clamour of the geese in the courtyard was welcomed as a glad heralding of the advent of day. It was a dull, gloomy morning; but, by 10 o'clock, we had accomplished a safe embarkation. The whistle emitted a shrill scream as Davey (the engineer) turned on steam ; and, with the angu lar, dusky figure of Black Bob (our captain for the nonce), standing tall, erect, and stern, at the wheel, we steamed rapidly off in the direction of Botany Heads. Ncaring the heads the scene was a striking one. Over all the land brooded a dark sombre mass of watery charged cloud, while far out to sea the sun was brightly shining, tipping with a silvery sheen the long rolling undula tions that came majestically orn to breas in anwy neaps upun onio r.,aus ug rocks that guard the coast. thadows bchased each other over the bounding billows, and in the nooks and crevices of the shore there rested a thin filmy haze, through which one could sec deli cate ferns end clustering shrubs nodding to the toying breeze, and sparkling with pearly dew, as ever and anon an inquisitive sunbeam darted through the haze. The sporting ardour of King was now no longer to be controlled. Producing an ancient revolver, with a huge box of cartridges, and another of percussion caps, he loaded his weapon in solemn silence, then espying a seagull, several furlongs off, he blazed off six barrels in rapid succession, and seemed astonished at the sea bird still sailing on in un ruttled serenity. The way that revolver was handled was not cautions, bnt it was a " caution.'' Bialing to bung down the distant gull, he kept up an incessant, bombardment on the rocks,. close to which we were now steaming, and seemed as happy in hearing the continuous pop pop of his miserable firearm as the proverbial tinker's dog. The muzzle pointed at each of our heads with most just impartiality, until some beneficent individual, pro bone publico, quietly abstracted the cartridges in an unguarded moment on King's part, whose pistol was thence forth dumb, and the disappointed artillerist took to drowning his sorrows in the flowing bowl The Hardy Norseman and a few others now began to exhibit symptoms of mnal de mner. Their jokes grew milder as their complexions more and more assimilated to the color of the "deep green sea," until at last an occasional "heave oh" alone betrayed that they had any vitality left. Bob now began to come out under the influence of sundry beers. His fellow countryman Jimmy was a taciturn indi vidual, and sat in the boat in the wnke ot our little launch, munching biscuits and cheese, and seemingly buried in retrospection, or engaged in the compo sition of some new, strange, unearthly corroborree.' Bob genrally jerked out some philosophic remark, and then pro ceeded to a demonstration with the oft iterated sentence "I'll tell ye for why now."-We could not help a roar of laughter as his eye, catching the prori trate limp figure of .the Norseman he said: "Well, it's a rum world this. I'll tell yje for why. Look at that ohap now; he was a funny fellow comin' round the Beads wasn't ho 1 An' look at him now." The solemnity of the last utterance was too much for even the sea sick Hibernian. He was about to ejaculate some rejoinder. " Oh! Oh-h-h l' he gasped. Off went his hat; he made one wild clutch at the truant beaver then- more food went to the fishes. We put about ior the floating chapresu. and had. quite an exciting chase after '.c, TheI rock Icene:y we were now pass. ing was lovely in the extreme. 'T.ber' Cnrrunulla stretched out its glis'cening bars of gold, on which the whi:e breakers broke with a booming roar; and in front we could see Port Hacking opening out before us ; a small, low, mangrove covered island in the fore ground; to the right a bold headland with two snowy tents close to the beach dark masses of verdure picked out, whith white 'lillie-pillie" blossom; and far a eay to the south the undulations of the coast oradually fading in the dim haze of the distance. (To be C(tinleld.) 