? O U R F I R S T L 0 3 ) G | K T | rtr TWO PARTS.—PABT È' ?»! i\\\ ' But Charley, dear, where ^re|rwe & ; live 1' said my wife, very wistfully.^Xt for my puzzled brains, and thôSirtjf'pôor Carry, had been busied on the subject for some time, wiihoufc.finding asatiafactory solution to the problem. These were the facts,oŁ,the -PM^.-, - , Ł-j- -, 'r v v « T, i Charles fWilton/ .agfedi iwettty-Bix, of no profession, had been for six months a married «an.. It was „j uat.,half ;a year; since dear pretty Carry Dawkins, fourth daughter of the Rev. JbbDawkins, perpetual curate of Shinglesea, had^ajked beside me . out of Shinglesea Church,tall smiles and blushes, the sweetest little bride, by universal consent, thatthe quiet Devonshire parish had welcomed'fcfc many a day. W/e had the world before us where to chooBe, and youth and health, ańd ą. net income that just enabled us to baffle, the property-tax. A hundred a year, it ' must be owned, is not an annual revenue calculated to leave much margin for luxuries. I have no doubt that many wise heads were shaken, and'that many croaking prophecies were enunciated, as to the probable results of what was considered as a very improvident marriage; Even -those who wished the young couple J 'hick' in all sincerity, would have found' it no easy ihatter to define whence Oar and I were 'likely to come in for _ a sprinkling from Fortune's cornucopia., We were poor,'to begin with,'and had no brilliant prospects of a rich inheritance to gild the far- oiff horizon of hope. ,The Reverend Job, with his six daughters and three sons, was no wealthier than the pinched brotherhood of perpetual curates with large families and small tithes commonly are.' And on 'my ' side there was nothing : further to expect, though there had once been ,o^y,..tpo ,:Ąudi .of'. reversionary opulence lyirig ahe^d of yrhat, hid appeared *t'o ; bêc.ïny flestifaed'pathiinlife. I was not the first,, and. shall not bę the last, to hàvebititër catose to mourn thé enforced idleness and the false hopes fostered by the caprice of . a domestic" autocrat and by the golden lure of splendid expectations. It wa« a queer story altogether. Wilton of Wilton is a name; that will be foiind (by any one who cares to look for it) in Prince's Wfirthiesof Devon; and' a considerable landed estate, lying within a; few. miles;, of iShihglesèa, had. belonged, to my-forefathers for centuries. The last "owner of this property, which, unentailed -ïrom îthe first, had gone ' regularly enough from father to son, had been Uncle George. . . Uncle Gporge was '• p. h^-^royier of my father," and was Tils , senior by very many years. Hè had b'è'eri a tioted. personage in his day, and had figured in old caricatures and oldSundąy newkpapere as Beau Wilbtin, and Dandy George, and the Devonshire Buck. To the last, hè. was a conspicuous object in Bond-street, tightly buttoned up in his.dark-blue coat, and wearing one of the very.'few" bęllcrowned hats still extant within the bills of mortality. He was very particular about his wig, wore à strangling stock, and one or two under-waistcoats, and had cruel shiny boots on hits old feet, from which he suffered, I am sure, like the pilgrim with dried pèaVih hiB shoes. He persisted in looming about town, an elderiy ghost of the" bygone fashions, a tottering Corinthian haunting the Park,' and the theatres;, and lamp-lit pavement of Pall-MalL But he spent less Sind less of his time and cash in London every year, as- he grew older and more stingy, for, towards the close of his life, the exdandy of the Regency looked very hard and long at a shilling before he could persuade himself to part with it. This backward change, as it were from butterfly to grub, took place with Uncle George, as with many other heroes of the old Tom and Jerry days, when he found the zest of life grow less keen, and the doctor become more interesting than the cook. Besides, it was not only his constitution that was the worse for ueavy heavy .. - -I j.,. l-: t, „f AI,^ dining and the maraschino punch of-the period. His estate was what is technically called ' dipped' in the Lethé of mortgages ; timber haï been ifelled, rents had been anticipated. Plain George Wilton, a west-countrysquire, hadnotbefenadmitted to the distinguished honor of a rubber at the royal whist-table without paying for the privilege. Corinth wąs an expensive town wherein to be made free of the cityj and most of the minor guests at'Carlton House paid heavy toll at that Boatd of Green Cloth where painted pasteboard, with perverse alchemy, turned gold to dross. The Sir Harries, and Lôrïpicks, and Dashing Colonels of that lackered aid polished society were dreadfully Expensive friends, ready to bet on any-event; from the cup at Ascot ;to a race bpt,ween two maggots across the maho^any ; And it was whispered that some: of these pracles of fashion were more prone to bofroW than to refund, and had better métùories when they won than when they lost—by . all which foibles of theirs, Uncle George was j a sufferer. However, he quitted tbe sparkling scene with wingsainged, indeed, but not irretrievably damaged, grew wary and saving—miseHy, so:his neighbor» declared ;land in : the- dptirse of yea» cleared 'a^penje of dębt,ana 'SÊiB çîdévanfcjWopd- of the',Geprgian em, my father seemed to he the natural hèir. He was certainly the only brother of the present owner of Wilton, and, as such, was accounted by most jpf^his friends a?„, certain" to sticcéèd 'ÏÏïm in "the property. There had been a time, however, when my father's \cb"ances, -as regarded - .thb reversion ôf ' tlie estate,' had seemed hopeless^ The elder brother flew into a., passion- 'when he heard that Captain ' Wilton, as my father was then called, was atiout to marrv a l«4y whose only dowry was that-of? wśpręjtby face -and a Bweéffc nature,' ' and whose family could not spare a shilling-* to eifenuate'the' scanty growth ofj their genealogical tree. Uncle George give his junior to understand that he must; choose'' b'étfré'en' hiś ' interests and hia' affections. . If,he, liked to.,be sensible,. wéll!ku'd ! goódi Bis ïllpwance would be' punctually '^aid, . aiid' ^e.! would inherit • every . aćrp . àt'the j,resent, propriety's ^ea&i; „'ïf he was. jobsiîinate, enough Jo ich'oàse hisj own cotirk6, tad! to marry .Miss Morris,' vthy.' 'théjl, J ''njltttr.^ej.'nor.^îjî» shjoiM^~'e>er tie" '' pne' jpenny the better'for thje relatitfn&hip; of'tJhfcle Gêpige, alive or dead. . r.- , v • 'j- • -y. • •••.: ' • • • ii •My-father took'his-o^rii t course, .and ndver once repented' thai; he had beêp loyal Ttp, hi^ .eai^y-love. " But'hw broth^ć; wàs - bitterly re jęntful ; of, ,thę unheard:of diko^jiiencei ..bli^ttó! cadpt.; A._ .month after his marriage, my.father received the following agreeable letter, «ed- yrafered, v, and bearipg.i^e London post-mark : • , OLDSQTJABE, LINOOLNIS-INK, June 12,18-- {Dear Sttj-^W© are instructed by our i seemed client,uMr ; George' Wilton, to ! ;urn, unèperièdi your 'favor .(apparently 'Ithe 21sfcultimo) addrèssed.to him, and i inform : yóu of our'tlient's unalteralilfl «^termination to hold no ' intercourse, whether verbal or by letter, with yourself. . Mi George Wilton desires us to say that , the pecuniary alio wance (wholly gratu itous, • aalyottwilladmit) which youhave hitherto received frdlii hitn'has beeri'paid into your agbnts' hands up .to the daté of the expiration of the current' quarter, and ', will then cease. This is final. . We ara ; also to mention that Mr, G. Wilton'has rejïëntty executed a iiew will; by which he bequeaths and devises the Wilton eBtafe {ciunty Devon), and alL other property Ireitl and personal, to the Commissioners of iGreenwich Naval Hospital^ iń tifuât for thfe, uses of that çbariÇy. . , We,, w]ere directed to particularise "this, that no do\ibt might be left in your mind as to the - testamentary arrangements jof our. Vjàlued' •clijańł.— Ańd we have the honor to, he, dear air, your very obedient, • humble Servants, ..; ; ... CRUMP, BAQQETT, & CRUMP, Solrs^, 1 per JOSIAB: CETJMP, Jun. To Captain Wilton, King's Own Fusiliers. ' The estrangement between'-the brothers lasted a long, long time', but at last the day came when the breach was healed. My ,father hid retired from the service, and ! was back in England, 'after years of exile—a quiet, - grey-headed, half-pay major, and a widower also,-with no child but myself, then à big boy at Harrow. Uncle George was much older than he had been, and feeblor withal, ańd I suppose the hot anger of bygone, years had died out in his heart for lack of fuel, or he may have felt a twinge of compunction as he recalled his former treatment of his junior. At anyrate, he was the first to propose a reconciliation, and to invite his brother to visit him. The major' agreed—very much, I suspect, for the sake of the boy at Harrow, aijd those two met and shook hands. They never again fell out, but I doùbt if there waB ever much cordiality between them. There • was nothing naturally vindictive in my dear father's character, but he could scarcely be expected to forget the straits to which he had been reduced through the causęless anger iof his rich elder brother—how he had'struggled hard to keep his head financially above Water, exchanging from «"«v „T+^^moin in regiment regiment to to regiment, regiment, SO.?s so .as to to remain remam in m India, and draw the Indian allowances, India, ' and d^w the I ^ i f 0 . ^ / ' wh ch enable ^a married offioer to keep clear of ciebt-Low he had seen!iis gentie «nfje's health decline m that banetm climate, and had Wonly son to grow up among grangers lest he, S the thatfiefce_ hot sky^ beneal:h wh.^ch the major himself had spent so many years. Uncle George, oil the other, hand, was more morose, if leMs choleric, than he had been. To save was now a passion with him, and his tenants- found in him a griping landlord, And his laborers a hard master; His quarrel with his bx other had takenUpl&ce; in the old spendthrift days of his dandyism and lavish expenditure ; but avarice was now' supreme! Still, the moitt penurious of -men cannot cany his ' wealth into another world with him, and •posthumous liberality-costs the giver so., little; that all'who kn'ew the circumstanced, of the case considered the Wilton property ^as certain to revert to my father or iûyself. My uncle was a confirmed old bachelor; atid fondas be was of celebrating *Łe èharms of the Łady Fannies and Lady Maries, ; -the ^ 'mon'soiis £he ! women,' in whose train -of admirers lie : had been • reckoned in his youth,.>hé was not at all thesortof elderly gentleman who suddenly disappoints his relatives by marrying a coóktnaid. Stiff, suspicious of most men, and of all women, andtaś proud as Lucifer, he "was sure tiot todraw down ridicule upon his name by any matrimonial example of senile folly. * years wenton ; nothingofconsequence i occurred; and, to my youthful fancy, Uncle George, with his padded-coat, his glittering false teeth, and his curly brown wig, seemed immortaL Not that 1 was in an hurry for his death, but that it was provoking that I should be condemned to a shiftless, purposeless existence, merely togratifythewhimsofmy -potent relation. So it was, however, for i at every proposal that I should enter on any special line of working life,. Uncle George interposed his veto with a surly decision that nipped the project in the bud. It is wonderful how many objections the Georgian dandy found to the various callings that were suggested. Talk of the bar, indeed ! Was the boy to kick his heels about the law-courts, or to be mewed up in musty chambers, for ten or twenty years, before he was thought old enough to earn a beggarly guinea by calling black white, with a rusty wig on his head V The church fared no betterat the irreverent hands of Unole George ; the army was figuratively described as 'a red coat and empty pockets ;' a clerkship in a goverment office was not to be dreamed of for a lad- of spirit, as my uncle said hewassure I was ; and as for' medicine or civil engineering, the bare mention of these occupations was received with an outburst of disgust that quite overpowered my father's arguments. •The. truth was, that Major 'Wilton, having had sore experience of poverty in his! own case, dreaded it for 'his son, and was nervously afraid of offending the brother who ; by one stroke of a pen, could make or mar my fortunes. Thus, Time, in-his usual steady-going, jog-trot way, wenton ; and it was only when I looked, back at meditative moments, and saw the years lying behind me, like milestones paàsed on.fife's high-road, that I perceived now much of the golden promise and precious seed- time of youth'I had already sacrificed to my uncle's caprice. One by one, the openings that once lay before me closed* I was too old for this, and had paksed the age for that. The few, competitive examinations which then existed soon became hopelessly barred to me ; and next the free professions came to be practically shut against me, for average workers must begin early in the vineyards of civilised society, and 1 had not been ready to begin. All this while, our bachelor relative never gave any. postive promise, nor held out any distinct hopes, that his property would pass to his next, of kin'. He threw out an obscure hint, now and then, of great, responsibilities in store for 'that boy of yours, Charley:' and, to please him, I ploughed through various standard works on draining,, planting, and cattle-breeding; but though he scolded me soundly when I proved ignorant of a subject connected with the management of an estate, he never expressed his approval otherwise than with a growl, when my answers to his queries were correct. Neither my father nor I ever saw him elsewherejtlian in his lodgings .in.Jermyn- Street, for though he spent eight months of every year • in Devonshire, he never encouraged us to visit him there ; nor can I remember to have broken bread under his'roof (though he had no objection to dine with lis at our quiet cottagé at Twickenham) during all .those years. . ' • At last, Uncle George died: A seizure: of some sort came suddenly upon him, down at Wilton ; and when my father, being summoned, hrurie.d to his bedside, he was already speechless, though appa- rently in full possession of his mental facilities. He made desperate); almost franticefforts to speak to ;my father, -whom he instantly recognised ; but in vain ; and even pn myself, who was not present, being then on a short, foreign tour, the description of .that death-bed agony made a deep and painful : impression. : I have heard of men who,;when, life's.sands were nearly gone, hâve suffered, anguish ;unutterable from their inability to diB^urden their guilty breasts of. some dire; secret which they had carried about] with them, like a hidden chain that galled and chafed,, unseen, for years.' 'I' have heard, too, of those whose tardy .repentance came when it was too ,late, when the tongue wàs powerless to speak, the fingureS to write, and who would fain have made atonement for sprnfe wrong-doing, have righted some injustice, but could not, and BO passed away, writhing, but impotent. Something of this unavailing longing, of this ghastly eagerness, markecT the closing hour of my poor uncle's life. The fjrî^v voice was inute, tWwff ^ pstraiiged'brother of * 6ad ' , or ¥ read, remorse and are-awakenińgof old kindness MINGLM^THASTR^WA^AS $ :* h °se Btrorig^m smuggles fmtlesBlytb Break theicybonds of conquering death. Major Wilton, the doctor, and the sick-room attendant were unanimous in their conviction that my uncle had something of importance to' communicate, that he strove and battled' to Bpeak, and that physical weakness alone mastered this anxious desire. They betat over him and listened, but the working mouth could frame no articulate sound. They gave him writing materials, and his restless eyes : brightened, and he tried eagerly to clutch them—but no ! It was ; not to be. The stiffened, helpless fingers refused-.-to do their office, and the pen drew but a meaningless scratch across the white paper, and then fell from the weak grasp. Yet a moment, and an expression of despair, half-sorry and half-wrathM, succeeded to the craving wish which had glistened in the eyes of the dying man ; and then came stupor,' and the eyes grew dim, and glazed, and Uncle George had carried his secret, unspoken, out of this worlds" ' (To be continued.) 