PIMPAMA. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] May 2. We are now enjoying some gentle showers of rain, which, although not so badly wanted by us, we wel- come on behalf of those who need them more than ourselves. Our cattle are still looking first-class ; feed is abundant, and likely to remain so in this district during the winter. Our ways are being mended, thanks to the energy of our member, and Mr. Alder, local road surveyor ; and when the sums already placed upon the Esti- mates of the present session have been passed and expended, our worst places will have been remedied. A good joke has been perpetrated, in a very earnest manner, by some of the zealous Pimpamaites getting up an elaborate requisition on behalf of Pimpama ; and setting forth that the deputation who waited upon several heads of departments, about various matters lately, represented the Hotham only, and characterising the spending money on the roads and bridges of that locality as a waste of public money. Now the joke comes in when, after these parties, like the Tooley-street tailors, convinced themselves that they were Pimpama and none else, and turned to the map and found that they did not even reside in the parish of Pimpama, but to a man are inhabi- tants of Darlington. Of course the Minister for which it deserves, and which should cause parties signing papers placed before them by officious persons to investigate matters for themselves, and not allow themselves to be laughed at in future. I notice that the Coomera correspondent of the Telegraph is jubilant over the decadence of Pim- pama, and exulting over our downfall. Poor fellow, his cacoethes scribendi must be hard up for a theme, and his disposition sour to rejoice at a neighbour's misfortune. I would just say, for the information of the Coomera Telegraph correspondent, that Pim- pama as a district never was in a more prosperous condition ; and quite rejuvenated has an appearance of vigour not exceeded by her even in the days of sugar experimenting, for I can assure him that when the Pimpamaites saw that sugar was not the thing here, they turned their attention to other matters, and now that gentleman may visit some of the most prosperous horse- breeding establishments in the colony, as well as seeing cattle farming conducted as it should be. And the largest arrowroot manufactory in Queensland is situated at Pimpama. These are industries we had hoped were generally known to exist here, as for years the wants of the southern settlers have been supplied in these articles by us. Our store and public-house thriving as they do are an excellent test of the healthy circulation of cur- rency among us. Mr. Dauth has re-opened the blacksmith's shop, and appears to be doing a stroke. Our ghost has not been seen lately, although "Your Own" has been on the look out for him ; but he hopes soon to attain to that state of spirituous perfection that will enable him to see at will all these things. 