A JAPANESE GHOST STORY. In Japan, as in all other countries, imagination claims to have its wants sup plied by the wonderful and incompre hoenrsible, and therefore in the face of such need wonders will never cease out of world. The student of nature's mys. teries, and the village gossip who tells of ghosts, and doubles and wraithst are both en different ways satisfying their craving for the wonderful. Even the wildest tales have a certain value, for scattered as they are through every land, they often serve to perpetuate the record of old cus toms, and to mark the steps of social history. Ghost stories then the Japanese have as blood curdling, hair erecting, flesh creeping, as the most ardent lover of the marvellous could desire, and at this holiday season, when the pitiless rain and sleet keep the merry makers indoors, and the shutters are closed in, and the sake cup goes round merrily from hand to hand, is the time to tell them to an audience certain to appreciate them. How impressively the narrator half tolls, half acts the thrilling tale, while the girls clasp and hide behind each other in an ecstacy of terrified enjoyment I One of the most original of these tales the writer of this paragraph recently heard, and as it differs from the common run of ghost stories it is here given, though we wish we could convey au idea of the art with which it was told. In former times-indeed some Japanese say that it is not very long since that the dreadful practice was abandoned-it was the custom, when any now castle, palace, or fort was in course of erection, to bury one or more living men beneath the foun dation, generally at the foot of the prin cipal supporting pillars. Those who woere committed to this frightful grave were called hito-bashira, or human pillars, and their immolation was supposed to con duce to the strength and solidity of the building. The sacrifice was sometimes made voluntarily, the victim being in duced to give his consent by the promise of deification, his spirit being afterwards worshipped under the name of Inarisama, or some other deity. More frequently, however, the premature burial was a forcible one. For instance, if no volun tary victim was forthcoming, advantage was taken of any such accident as one of the workmen falling into the excavation of the foundations when instead of any helping hand boon extended to him lihe was ruthlessly buried by his fellow.work men, or crushed boneath one of the mighty supports. At other timos, the victim was built up in the massive walls, either as a hito-bashira, or as a punishment for some offence. That legends of spirits haunting scones where the cruel murders of their bodies had been perpetrated should be numerous is natural, and the following incident was told as having occurred at the residence of one of the princes of ICaga. There, it appeared, that some poor wretch had been immured at the building of the palace, a fact of which the inmates of one of the rooms were suddenly made aware by a human leg protruding from the wall, and moving about in a most uncomfortably lifelike manner. The consternation which this ghostly log cansed throughout the castle can be imagined. Some of the retainers, more daring than the rest, had the courage to attempt to clasp it, butits power was so groat and the kicks it ad ministered were so tremendous, that no one had the temerity to repeat his efforts. At last, one of those present struck pro bably by the nnwashed appearance of the log, suggested that It might be soothed by the administering of a bath. The hint was acted on, and the log with a satisfied flourish put its foot in the cold water, only, however, quickly to withdraw it and kick over the tub. The same ingenius retainer who had suggested the bath proposed that warm water should be substituted, and this proved to be so grateful to the tireless limb that it allowed its foot to remain quietly therein. On one of the male retaineors, however, endeavoring to wash the leg, it adminis tored to him so sound a kick that lie was very fain to desist from any further at tempt at conciliation. At last a buxom maid servant, suddenly struck with the truly feminine idea, that while it rebelled against being attended to by a male hand, it might become more gentle under a woman's gentle touch, volunteered to at tend to its ablutions, and sure enough the log, with evident gratitude, accepted the welcome ministration; and after having been gently washed and carefully dried, it waved a graceful farewell to the assembled company, and retired for the night. But this was not the last of it. Every evening Sthereafter at the same time the unwelcome visitor came for its bath, which was always carefully prepared for it. But it is a singular fact that it could never be got to overcome its dislike for cold water, and that it showed its affection for the good-natured maid-servant, who was told off especially as its attendant, by kicking over most unmercifully any one else who attempted to .touch it.-J-apaw Mail. 