HUMILITY. A SERMOH BY TIÏE REV. T. W. M'DONALD, PBE BENDAKV OF LINCOLN. " AU of you be. subj eec one to anotner, and be clothed with humility : for God resinteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble. Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time."-1 PETEB V. 5,G. A man untaught of God ia a fool. He calls evil good and 'good evil ; he puts darkness for light and light for darkness j he jyita bitter for Bweet and sweet for bitter. Of this contradictory judgment between God and man humility gives an example-a striking ono. Among Pagan moralists it waa a vice : among Christian moralista it was a virtue. With those still who set God's will aside humility is a grovelling creep- ing meanness ; but with God there is more honour in humility, though man says pride is honour. Perhaps no maxim of our Saviour was more frequently quoted, more frequently repeated by Himself, than this " He that exalteth himself shall be abased, and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted." My text is an apostolic echo of that maxim. St. Peter was one of the three disciples admitted into closest intimacy with his Lord, and in the true spirit of his Lord he bids us be .clothed with humility. Let us fix our thoughts awhile on the humility which he enjoins, and, secondly, on the reason by which his injunction is enforced. There are two clauses in the text which are distinct and yet inseparable, which Bet forth the humility which he enjoins. First of all it is a social grace : it is the humility wo owe one to another. "All of you be subject one to another. Be clothed with humility." The apostle has, in the former verse?, beeu setting forth the duties which belong from elders to their flocks, and from the younger to the older-from all to all j and this is the all- comprehending precept-" All of you be subject one to another : be clothed with humility. And let this be the leaven of all your inter- course : let this be the pervading spirit and element of all your life, your temper, your spirit, your speech, your conduct in all the relations of life. Let Humi- lity pervade them all.*' St. Paul has many parallel passages. So to the Colossians-"Put on therefore as the elect of God holy and beloved bowels of mercies, kindnets, humbleness of mind, meekness, long-suffer- ing." So to the Philippians-"Let nothing be done through strife and vain glory, butin lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than himself." It is the humility of a loving heart that the apostolic scrip- tures uniformly inculcate. Brethren, this is the bond of peaco which keeps the Church together. Just as the spirit of pride, of selfish pride, is the great isolator of man from mau, so the instinct of a loving humility is - the great uniter. Compare this bond with that which holds men together in the confederacies of the world. They bind together in their seeming union, but it ÍB only seeming : there is real isolation. What holds them together ? It is not a bond to each other, but each one of them is bound to some common object, and the tie is of each to that object, and though they may Beem outwardly to stand together, if you look closely each man is apart from his fellow and is intent -his heart is set upon-the common object, be it a pleasure, a gain, or some object of party interest; and if that object is such as cannot be shared-if it come to be a thing that only ono can have, the seeming union breaks up ; thc bond is gone. It is a fellowship of selfishness : it reverses the Christian maxim. Every man now looks not on the things of others but on his own things. His law is, " Let every man be for him- self." The fellowship of saints is something different. They, indeed, have a common centre, and they have objects in common, but they are hound not to their objects, only but to each other. The bond is humble love. This is both the instinct and law of their fcl lowship-to " bear one anothers burdens, and so fulbl the law of Christ." Thes single sentence descriptive of a righteous man, written nearly three thousand years ago, is still the truth-" He setteth not by him- self, but is lowly in hiß own eyes." St. Peter speaks of humility; as a garment : " Be clothed with humi- lity." It is the long-flowing upper garment of the East, all- surrounding, so that on all sides man is seen alike. ' So where this grace is genuine it is an all-sur- rounding, an all-pervading grace. As pride is both the parent and nurse of all the vices, and makes its offensive hateful presence felt through the whole cha- racter and intercourse of the proud, so humility is an all-pervading element of the humble, and is every- where felt. There ia no difference in the aspect of the character towards the poor and the dependent from that which is exhibited towards the wealthy and powerful, for the graciousness of manner which marks the humble is not assumed from without, but it is the genuine outcome of tho nature and quality within. The loved disciple of the Lord is recognised every- where-is always recognised-at home, in the Church, in the worlds intercourse, in all the Boen es and circumstances of life, as what he is-meek and lowly of heart. But the garment is not only an all-surrounding one, but it is aiao girt on, as the word indicates, and thus the relation of humility towards the.,other graces of the Christian character is indi- cated as the upper garment which braces and secures the rest. So is humility among Christian frteids. Thus, St. Augustine well Bays, "Humility ls the ves- sel of the graoea ;" and he adds. " He that would cul- tivate the rest of the graces without humility is as ono who should carry about a precious powder without a covering on a stormy day." It is not merely the de- fence of all the rest, but it is the oondition of their existence." In the soil of a proud heart no grace can grow ; but the tree of righteousness, the planting of the Lord, is planted and rooted in the soil of a humble heart. There it strikes its root deep ; and lovo, and hope, and every other grace rise high and flourish abundantly in proportion aa the soil of humility is deep. * And ona« more, the text indicates that the garment thus to he worn is worn by a servant; and BO the apostle applies it. " Be subject all of you one to another. Be clothed with humility." " Be not many masters," says another apostle. Again, St. Peter says, " Be all of you servants ;" and a greater than he had already said, " If any will be chief among you, let him be least of all and servant of all ;" and still another apostle adds, "By love serve one another." In Christ's household, in whose howie are we, there h ample scope for this. Wo AVG all dependent upon one another. We want sympathy, en- couragement, counsel, help, forbearance, prayer. All these are due from each to the rest,; but. brethern, who is prepared to respond to the demand ? Not all, alas 1 hut they who have entered into the spirit of the Master, who Baid, "I am among you as he that serveth." There is no doubt that a great illustration is in the apostle's mind as he writes the text. That memorable night of his history is in his recollection - that night whoreon be learnt IOBSOUB of humility never to be forgotten-it waa the night of his pre- sumptuous boast as well aa of his guilty f all. Upon that night, and in that scene of his boasting, he had seen the Master rise from supper and take a towel and gird Himself withal. " As I have done to you," said He, "so ye ought to do one to another." That girdle wa3 the girdle of humility, and the symbol of that grace which in His example as in Hi* precept was constantly enforced npon His followers. And so the apostle, having tho pattern us well as the precept in mind, echoes the words of Him who said, " Learn of me, for I am meek and lowly of heart." This is that social grace which I say ÍB the bond of the Chris- tian church : it is the humility of earnest love. But now what is true humility towards Cod? I think it is, in the creature, a deep and pervading sense of the troth of his cane with respect to his maßter-a deep and pervading sense of his real case in respect to Goa. Creatures differ and so the sense of the truth of their case will differ. Holy angels are humble : Jesus Christ the Son of Man was meak and lowly of heart; and neither in the humility of holy angels nor of our great pattern, nor of men in Paradise is there that element of sense of sin which is an essential part of our humility, because they were free from sin. The hu- mility which ia due from us belongs to a lower level, and if a man is only willing to acknowledge the right and authority of God to govern, if he is only willing to submit himself as if he were a holy creature to God, and refuses to Bmite upon his breast and say, " God be merciful to me a sinner," he shall go from the temple unblessed like the Pharisee. The humility of the sinner is that which results from a vision of the holy. It was that which dwelt in Isaiah's heart when he saw the Lord high and lifted up, and His train filling the temple, and the seraphim» crying one to another, "Holy! holy! holy ! ia the Lord God of Hosts, and in the consciousness of that presence Isaiah felt his own uncleannesp, and, prostrating himself before God, he cried, "Woe ÍB me for I am unclean." Such also was the spirit of Daniel by the banks of the Uiver Hiddekel when he had a like vision of the holy. "There remained no strength in me," he says, "for my comliness was turned into corruption." But, brethren, we have lost the vision of the holy. Like wandering stars we have broken away from God our centre : we are as planets that have lost their orbit, and naturally ruBh headlong and downwards in the direction of what St. Jude calls "the blackness of darkness for ever." How shall we be arrested in our career? How shall we be restored in our place? The gospel gives the answer " Tho dayspring from on high hath visited us." The Sun of Righteousness BO to speak hos left his placo, and rushes ' through the abyss after the wan- derers to arrest and bring them back, and by His light He reveals to us our lost condition ; He shows us our unholiness ; He shows us our sin and our ruin as the result, and then He brings the force of attrac- tion of His wondrous love, His redeeming love, that He may draw all men untó Him and bring them back to God, and to each other. Tins ia thegloiious fact of our message. The eternal holy Son of God became the Son of Man, that the sinful sons of men might again become the Sons of God. In the far country the prodigal is found, but there is a message from the Father's house, a better elder brother than in the parable, and He comes that He may bring many sons back unto glory-that He may conduct the grand family procession of those sons in the Christian Church onward in His own footatepa to the Father's house. Dear Brethren, he is amongst us ; He is here for the very purpose of making you see in His light, and feel with the power of His love j and until you realise His presence here, and until you' feel in union with Him so that you can call God your Father -until the spirit of adoption teaches you to say the Lord's Erayer with your heart-" Our Father which art in eaven," it is in vain to hope to love the brotherhood. How different ia this humility of which I speak from that which we sometimes find when men are humbled under the mighty hand of God. That hand is upon them in advemty or eorrow of some sort, and then they bow before it. Men in trouble will pour out a prayer before God, who will pray atno other time, but let the trouble be removed, and just as the elastic substance which is pressed down and yields to the pressure is ready to spring back to its original form when the pressure ÍB removed, so is it with many who seem to themselves and others while the sorrow lasts to be humbled before God. Their humility is a mere thing of circumstance, and it passes away with the change of their circumstances. We want not the humility of Ahab, for his was from the outward pres- sure, and gone when that pressure was re- moved; wo want the humility of David, whose Bacrifice, to use his own language, was that of "a broken and contrite heart." It waa not assumed from without, but it was the outcome from within : so it was the sacrifice which God will not despise. Let me now ask vour thoughts for a moment to the reasons by which the text enforces this great injunc- tion of humility and prayer. They are all found in the mighty hand of God. First of all it is mighty to resist, but then it is mighty to bestow, and then it is mighty to exalt. Huiñble yourselves under God's mighty hand, for God resiateth the proud. Pride ihakeB God a man's enemy, BO the text declares. The wordB are strong and striking ones. He sets Himself in array against the proud. He comes with all the love and grace of a father to those who are willing to accept him as such, fully reconciled unto Him in Jesus Christ, and He proclaims His heavenly love to all. But to the obstinate and rebellious and unbelieving He comes with power to cruBh, If th6y will not humble -themselves before Him they shall be humbled, " He reBÎsteth the proud." So we read that pride was the condemnation of the devil, and they that share his condemnation must share his doom ; and so those upon the left hand who are simply the proud, the voice of the great Saviour Judge will say, "Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels." Herod, in his prid*, arrayed himself in purple, and took tho honours that were given him by tho pecóle aa if they wera all his own, and gave not God tlie glory, but he found that God had arrayed Himself against the proud, and he was smitten by the angel of God and eaten of worms and gave up the ghost. And so, brethren, for God changea not, is it amongst us. Everyone who will have gain and reputation apart from God, will And that God »till resisteth the proud. ' But that mighty hand is mighty to bless-to bless those that are willing to be blessed. It is mighty in resources and mighty in liberality-mighty to contain and mighty to bestow. Therefore, my text says, " He giveth grace to the humble." It is an open and out- stretched hand, »nd all that come within the range of its gifts, that is, all that will accept the invitation to stretch out their hand of humility and humble prayer, while they bring their empty hand beneath the hand of his fulness, the gift and grace suited to their case shall drop and drop continually into that empty hnnd, for God giveth grace to the humble. This is the empty vessel brought to the fountain from whence the heavenly treasure, the living water, continually flows. It is not said He will give it once-'t is in tho present tense, it is perpetual. The Lord ia always giving. "He giveth liberally," siys the Apostle, " and up braideth not." Those that are willing to receive shall be perpetually receiving " out of his fullness, and grace for grace," Thus you see again the application of St. Augustine's lan- guage, " Humility ia the vessel of the graces." It is so not merely to retain them and protect them, bat to. receive them, for " God giveth grace to the humble." And then, once more, that hand is mighty to exalt. He will exalt you in due time. It is an outstretched hand of authority and power and might, to crush tho rebellious and unbelieving. Now it is an outstretched hand, above, in blessing to those who are willing to ac- cept its grace, and thoBS that thus accept it and bow before it shall find one day that .mighty hand, shall be reversed and placed under them. He will exalt you in due time. The ivy has no self-supporting power, and if it assert independence, why, it will, simply be a grovelling thing destined to be trampled amongst the brushwood of the forest ; but let it talia hold of the oak or elm and it climbs, and it soon partakes of the strength, and Borne day will reach the elevation of the oak itself. . So, if man will humble himself to take hold of God, God will admit Him into that blessed union with Himself wherein ia found strength and exaltation for ever. " In due timo," my text says. Perhaps Lazarus at the rich man's gate thought the time long, A lo wi jr lot as well as a lowly mind was his, hut what waa awaiting him was worth waiting for. The day came. The rich man died and was buried ; Lazarus also died» and the angels were, his convoy to his home. He was exalted in due time. This is the. time, brethren, when the guests are being prepared in the great -ante-chamber for the marriage feast. The feast will soon be ready ; tho heavenly Bridegroom will soon return ; the guests are gathering now in the Church below. Some there are who think they are entitled to a good place, and some there are that are taking lowly seats, conscious of their unworthiness, and feeling like the publican in. the temple, daring scarcely to lift their eyes to heaven. But whilst in that day when the King comes some will be obliged with shame to take the lowest place,, and some be excluded altogether, notwithstanding their high position and profession, some on the lower seats shall have the welcome promotion of " Friend,.. come up higher," for it is written (and God keeps His word), " Eveiy one that exalteth himself shall be. abased, and he that humbleth himself Bhall be ex* alted."_^_ 