EXPERIENCES OF A COLONIST FORTY YEARS AGO. Continued from. page 4 of Supplement. On enquiry it was found that the bullocks had not been seen since they were turned out, and that the sheep were reduced to a dreadfully low and weak condition ; indeed, so bad was their appearance that on seeing them the master despaired of saving their lives. He was looking on the poor creatures in gloomy silence when Uriah came up to him and said, ' I think I have found water !" " Think you have found water ? what do you mean, can there be any doubt about it ? " "Well, sir, near some of the trees the ground springs beneath one's feet like india- rubber." "Where? Not far off? Well, Uriah, I will snatch a few hours' sleep, for I have ridden far and slept but little for forty-eight hours, call me when the moon rises and we will dig under these trees and trust to Providence. Thus saying he turned away from the sheep, and wrapping his blanket round him was soon fast asleep, and in spite of his troubles, dream- ing happy dreams of home and friends. When the moon rose Uriah woke up his master, and provi- ding themselves with a couple of spades, they both set forth in the search of water. Descending a gentle slope they came to a cluster of Eucalyptus trees, known to the colonists as the apple-tree ; it is decidedly a gum-tree, but it is probable that it received it's name of apple-tree in consequence of the leaves (which are broader and of a lighter green than the other species of Eucalyptus) having, when pressed in the hands, the odour of a ripe apple. Large excressences grew on its stem, these contained water of a pale green colour and a slightly agreeable acid taste. The ground at the roots of these trees was very elastic, and at the first stroke of the spade water oozed out. The rest of the night was occupied in opening out the ground and digging long trenches, which filled rapidly with water, and by sunrise sufficient was collected to water the sheep. To do this it was necessary to divide them into lots of 50 in each division. On going back to the camp and telling the welcome news, the surprise and delight of the men were exhibited in various ways ; some laughed loudly, some clapped their hands and cheered lustily, and old Keaton burst into tears. The sheep were brought to the water with much trouble, the poor miserable creatures could only walk with difficulty ; but when they smelt the water they became more active, bleated forth a kind of thanksgiving, and after such a grace they drank greedily. The main thing now was to prevent the poor animals from drinking too much. Before noon every sheep had relieved its thirst, and only eight had died from over-drinking. Comparative cheerfulness reigned in the camp, the sheep were taken out to graze, the horses turned out in hobbles to feed and rest for the day, before taking a journey back for the bullocks. The relief experienced by the leader of the party must be felt to be understood. There are periods in a man's life when words are valueless to express his feelings. Great joy has often no vent but in tears, and great grief is often expressed by tearless silence ; great anger cannot always frame a curse, or intense love a blessing. No man ever successfully poured out his feelings in words when he tried to do so ; depend upon it he found the dribbling sentences were poor representatives of the feelings which were pent up in his heart. Bullock- drivers have ever been proverbial for possessing a comprehen- sive stock of oaths ; but it is recorded of one of this fraternity that after using up his whole vocabulary of imprecations with out effect, he threw down his whip, tore his hair, ground his teeth, and turning to the offending bullocks said, " If them words arn't no good then I can't tell my feelings." Poor fellow, he felt the poverty of language no doubt ; as perhaps we have all done in extreme cases. The day passed away quietly, night came and passed ; and early on the next morning two men were sent back for the bullocks. They were found near the waterhole under the hill, and were brought back to the camp, watched during the night, and on the next day they were yoked up and put to the drays. An early start was accomplished, the sheep were now able to travel with tolerable ease and comfort, and everything was apparently going on smoothly, when lo ! the faint bleating of a newly-born lamb was a signal for fresh trouble ; the ewes were all in the straw, all the fat was in the fire at a most un- propitious moment. Lingering here was now out of the ques- tion, the next water must be reached with as little delay as possible ; so the young lambs, after being suckled by their mothers, were put into a dray, and early in the afternoon the long reach of placid water appeared in view and the day's journey was at an end. To go on further now was out of the question ; so many lady sheep were in an interesting situation, so many lambs were hourly coming into existence, that a pro- longed stay at this place became inevitable. Fortunately water, grass, and timber were plentiful, so preparations were made next morning for constructing three large sheep-yards. The ringing sound of the woodman's axe was heard in several directions, the crash of falling trees startled the still- ness of the wooded wild, and all was now stir and bustle, where, twenty-four hours ago, nature undisturbed reigned supreme. The loud bleating of the ewes, with the faint an- swer of the lambs, was incessant ; the barking of the dogs, the cracking of bullock-whips, the shouting of men, mingling with other sounds, must have astonished the denizen of the wilderness. The wild kangaroo stood erect in the distance, utterly amazed at the impudence of these unmarsupial intru- ders ; the opossum, roused from his mid-day slumber, looked sleepily down from a hollow branch at the strange beings beneath him ; the jew lizard stuck out his spiny whiskers, and wondered in his anger " what was up ;" flocks of noisy parrots, gathered on the gum-trees, fed on their honied food indifferent to the strange noises that were going on, or to the strange beings who were making them. The handsome black and white magpie, or piping- crow, as ornothologists now call him, flitted about singing his peculiar song, the little black and white flycatcher warbled its song of liquid notes, and fearlessly perched on the sheep's back, spreading out its long tail, and moving it from right to left as if he was, as the Irish man says, " mighty proud of it." Bevies of quail rose up in all directions, and the calm waters were alive with fowl. Day after day the work went on, until three large sheep- yards were completed ; the sheep were then driven into them to be counted, so that the losses might be estimated. After they had been carefully counted and re-counted, it was found that 240 sheep were missing ; this fact rather staggered our young friend the master, but as it might still be on the cards that there was a mistake in the counting, the sheep were coun- ted out again and again ; but always with the same result. There was nothing now to be done but look the fact in the face, and then go and look after the missing sheep. We learn, from the best authority, that lost sheep are dili- gently searched for, and that their recovery is attended with much rejoicing—the one lost sheep being considered more precious than the ninety and nine that never went astray. So it is with the world ; we always grieve over our losses, but seldom rejoice over our possessions. Something lost is something to be regretted, from a lost tooth to a lost leg, although the first may have been decayed and aching, and the latter gouty, from a lost appetite to lost health. However, the loss of 240 sheep was, without doubt, a serious matter ; it was not a loss like that of spilt milk, which cannot be recovered ; the sheep were certainly somewhere, and it was much better to search for them than to sit down quietly and let matters slide. The first step to take was, to search thor- oughly the country in which so much distress from want of water was experienced. This was done, but with no favour- able result. Then the country between the present position and the Hume river was examined, but no trace of the missing sheep could be discovered. The forest was scoured from north to south and from east to west, but all in vain, and the case was assuming a desperate condition when Uriah found, at the waterhole under the hill, tracks of a number of sheep outside the scrubby country in this vicinity. These tracks were followed eastward towards a high range of hills, and at this place Uriah abandoned the pursuit, and returned to the camp to report his discovery. After pondering over these circum- cumstances the conclusion arrived at was, that on that night when Keaton's flock was disturbed by the opossums, the dogs, in rounding up the sheep, must have cut off those now mis- sing. Early in the morning, before the sun had risen, Uriah and his master were riding away from the camp towards the hills where Uriah had abandoned the tracks of the lost sheep. As the supply of tea and sugar was very limited in the camp, our two travellers supplied themselves only with a little coarse flour and some salt, trusting to the master's gun for an occa- sional supply of meat. Having reached the foot of the hills they camped, and on the next day they got on the tracks and followed them. The tracks were evidently those of a number of frightened animals moving at a rapid pace, and were easily followed at a canter until they reached some stoney hills ; here it became difficult to trace them, and it was therefore necessary to go over the first hill and traverse the valley that intervened between this range and the next, and to search the ground until in the impressible soil the tracks re-appeared ; and this tedious process had to be followed until the day drew to a close. Our trackers were now among the ranges. The general ten- dency of these elevated lands was in a north and south direc- tion. These hills or ranges were covered with the Eucalypti, acacias, casuarcuas, and the tea-tree, or leptosperma was frequently found as a, thick underwood in the gullies, growing where water was easily procured. As day declined the setting sun threw a rich radiance over the landscape, and the sky became gorgeous with the glorious tints which were scattered with profusion over the mottled firmament. Gazing from a high hill over the thickly-wooded country, our wanderers were struck with the peculiarity of the scene, the wild uncultivated wilderness of forest was everywhere before them. On all sides the waning daylight threw the gullies into deep shade, and as the sunbeams faded from the tops of the surrounding hills a melancholy shadow fell upon the scene, which deepened into gloom as the night advanced. All life appeared to have passed away, no sound rose up to break the stillness that had fallen on this vast forest, and when our friends descended into the valley to camp near a spring, hidden in the tea-tree, they felt as if they were shut out from the world. At the dawn of the next day the world seemed to have awakened with them. The first sound heard in the wood was the peculiar note of the laughing jackass (dacelo gigantea), a bird so celebrated in New South Wales for his particluar virtue of punctuality, that the colonists gave it the name of the " shepherd's clock ;" then arose into the balmy air the melo- dious notes of the magpie, then the silver-toned notes of the bell bird issued from the teatree scrub in the deep gully. The screams of flocks of parrots were heard as they swept over the tops of the highest trees ; the cawing of the crows high in the air ; the shrieks of the white cockatoos, with the twitterings of small birds as they flitted about the waters of the spring. All these sounds, seemingly drawn forth by the golden sun beams, as they touched the earth warned our friends that the world was entering on its day's work, and that it was time for them to get up. Up they sprang, not from beds but from blankets, not from soft down but from hard stones and tufted grass ; much care was not spent on the toilet, a yawn, a stretch, and a scratch was quite sufficient. Our young friend cast a grateful look up to heaven, gave a mute thanksgiving for the glorious morning now breaking upon them, and then strolled up the gully in search of the horses, while his companion re- kindled the fire and got breakfast ready. The gully narrowed as he passed up it, and at last terminated at the foot of a per- pendicular rock, rising up in irregular masses to a considerable height. Looking up he saw, sailing in the air with their forms sharply brought out against the sky, two lordly eagles, and there was something so singular in the motions of these birds that he paused to gaze on them. One bird would steady itself in the air, then rapidly descend, while the other would stop in its gyrations and remain poised on the wing, when his fellow bird rose up he would in his turn swoop down. This continued for some minutes, the eagles approaching nearer and nearer to the precipice ; at last, on the summit of the rock, appeared a kangaroo, he paused for a moment—a fatal moment for him,—for one of the eagles swooping down struck the kan- garoo with such force that the animal fell over the rock, and bounding from crag to crag, fell dead at the base, and the eagles, with harsh shrieks, descended with rapid swoops to their prey. Our wanderer now found out that he had lost the horses' tracks, and had followed up the wrong gully, so turning to the right he mounted the spur of a hill, and looking into the next gully he saw the two horses in hobbles quietly grazing, and carefully watched by two wild dogs, sitting on a broad piece of rock above them. These wild dogs were so intently watching the horses that they were quite unconscious of the presence of the man, who now took an interest in their pro- ceedings. When the clank of the hobble chains was heard they would look quickly and inquiringly at each other, then, with ears erect and a slight motion of the tail, they would turn their watchful eyes again upon the horses. At last they descended from their position on the rock, and separating they approached the horses—which, they trusted, would be- come their prey. After covering their advance, by hiding behind every bush that could conceal them, in a short time they suddenly rushed forwards, uttering a low quick bark. The startled steeds scampered away, but being in hobbles they could not leave their persuers far behind;—indeed, the wild dogs kept the lead, and gambolled round the horses as if the whole affair was a playful matter, and no carnivorous design was actuating their movements. After a short gallop the horses stood still, with their heads erect, their eyes glaring, their nostrils expanded, and their tails extended. When they came to the halt they gave two loud snorts, which rather astonished their pursuers ; but on recovering themselves they made another rush at their prey. Thinking this little game had gone on quite long enough, and that, its continuance might have the effect of tiring the horses, our friend, the master, gave a loud shout. This made the dogs turn suddenly round, and when they saw a man so near them they drop fed their bushy tails and sneaked away, taking, however, a farewell look from the top of the hill before des- cending into the gully on the opposite side of the spur. The horses were soon driven into the camp, the breakfast eaten, and a start made. The breakfast was not of much account, consisting as it did ot flour and water mixed together and made into a kind of gruel,—called by the colonists skilla- gillee. It was a meal that, neither pleased the palate, satisfied the appetite, nor filled the stomach, but it supported life. It had the advantage of being simple and digestible ; it encour- aged neither bile nor fever, and under present circumstances it was a very appropriate meal, requiring but little time to prepare it and as little time to eat it. Our wanderers having broken their fast were soon in their saddles tracking the strayed sheep. The balmy freshness of the morning was succeeded by the blazing heat of noon. In the midst of this network of gullies the heat became most oppressive, and both man and beast languished under it. As our travellers advanced the hills became higher, assum- ing the features of small mountains, and the gullies as a con- sequence became deeper, rendering the task of following the tracks more difficult and tedious. At last the heat increased to such a degree of intensity that a halt in some shade became absolutely necessary. Entering a gully rather wider than usual in this part of the country, our travellers drew up at a spring which rose among some underwood of tea-tree, and hobbling their horses, they prepared for a siesta. Uriah threw himself down in the shade of a large gum-tree, and his master was about to follow his example when some noise in the branches above him attracted his attention. (To be Continued.) EXPERIENCES OF A COLONIST FORTY YEARS AGO. ( Continued.) CHAPTER II. Two days and two nights had passed by since the close of the last scene just described, and our party are now, toward the noon of the third day, toiling along beneath a burning sun. No water has been met with since leaving the last men- tioned water hole, and the supply which had been carried in kegs had been all consumed the night before last. The horses, bullocks, and sheep had not drank since the morning they left the last water, and there seems but little prospect of their ever drinking again ; everything wears a weary and oppressed aspect, the sheep are motionless, the bullocks refuse to move, the dogs and men lie under trees panting for air and thirsting for water ; to move on has become an impossibility, and the party are compelled to remain in their present position until it has been ascertained where water is to be found, and how far it will be necessary to go to find it. Our young leader directs North, the overseer, to mount the grey gelding, and mounting the grey mare himself, they pro- ceed to search for water. Arriving on the bank of a deep creek they separate, the overseer riding up the bank towards the direction of the creek's source, the master going down the bank, following the direction of the creek as it wended South- wards. It is perhaps almost unnecessary to inform the reader, that the creek where our travellers struck it was perfectly dry : its bed was deep, dry, and gravelly, and must at one time have borne a large volume of -water to the Southward; it was now as dry as a drunkard's throat the morning after a debauch ; the gravel, large stones, and red clay appeared to be under- going the process of baking, and although the very existence of this creek at first created a hope in the breasts of the two travellers, its arid nature almost drove them to despair. There was a hungry or rather thirsty look about its bed, suggestive of long protracted periods of drought. There was no herbage on its banks, and the few straggling shrubs which seemed to struggle for existence were withered and dried up. The mare actuated by some instinctive sense pricked up her ears, and moved directly towards a small cluster of rushes ; they ap- peared quite dry, and there was a thirsty rustle as they whispered hoarsely to the wind, which had quite a disheartening effect on the hearer. In a moment after a screaming flock of Paroquets passed rapidly overhead, flying in a Southerly di- rection ; this looked hopeful. Continuing his course along the bank of the creek, he saw in the open forest what appeared to him in the distance two domestic dogs, this raised his hopes still higher, and he cher- ished the idea that a party of travellers might yet be moving ahead of him ; however on approaching these dogs he perceived that they were no other than the wild dog of the country, and they slunk away from him and dissapeared in the forest. What impressed him with the idea that they were domestic dogs was their peculiar colour, for one was a deep black and the other a liver and white. Parrots and wild dogs drink water, and he concluded that water was at hand, so he pushed on but only to meet with disappointment. Mile after mile was traversed, yet the country proved water- less and barren, and he reluctantly arrived at the conclusion that if any stream or collected water was ahead of him, it was too far off to be reached by his party in its present exhausted condition ; so he had no alternative but to return to his party. On going back he passed the dry rushes before mentioned, and his mare again turned towards them, and began to sniff the earth beneath. Dismounting he pulled up one of the rushes and found clinging to the fibre of the root some globules of water, this was a pleasant surprise — there are some pleasant surprises that occasionally overtake us in life ; the unexpected legacy left by some tough old aunt is not an unpleasant oc- currence ; the flogging at school which lapses in consequence of an unanticipated holiday is a circumstance which pleases the youthful heart ; the unlooked-for apology of the obstinate brute who was to meet you at daylight with pistols and coffee for two, has a pleasant, though unexpected flavour about it, and a soothing influence ; there is an ecstacy of astonishment in finding all the shirt buttons complete on the clean shirt just arrived from the washerwoman's establishment. But these cannot be compared to what our traveller experienced in be- holding the globules of water on the tender root of the rush. It was to him ' as rivers of water in a dry place, as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land.' Marking the position of the reeds, he hurried back to his party. When he arrived among the men, he found matters pretty well mixed—the sheep from want of water and feed were reduced to a very low state, and with arched backs and droop- ing heads they cut very sorry figures. The bullocks were motionless in the drays, refusing to move an inch ; the dogs with their tongues out panted painfully, and looking wistfully up in their masters' faces, mutely asked how long this state of things was to continue. The men were lying about exhausted, dissipated, gloomy, and somewhat inclined to be mutinous. They had not tasted water for more than two days, and while their leader was exploring the country they had ransacked the drays, found two bottles of vinegar, which they drank, and by this act decreasing their power to resist the terrible thirst which seemed to be slowly killing them. Keaton, either be- cause he obstinately persisted in wearing, during the burning heat, his heavy frieze coat, or because his age had made him too weak to bear the hardship of toil under a blazing sun, had fainted three times. The most extreme measures had been resorted to to assuage thirst, but they only made the thirst more intolerable. North, the overseer, had returned from his search before the master, and by his representation of the state of the country, he had infused some of his dastardly spirit into the breasts of a few of the least courageous of the party. When, however, the leader arrived he brought hope with him. On going to the drays for a spade and a pickaxe, he found that an altercation had arisen between " Snob " and " Long Jim " respecting the treatment the latter had subjected one of the bullocks to. High words passed between them, ending in " Long Jim " hitting " Snob " on the cheek with his open hand. No sooner had " Snob " received the blow than he ran to the back of one of the drays, took up a double-barrelled gun, and presented it at "Jim," who dodged about to avoid having the contents of the piece in his body ; at the same time calling loudly to his master to protect him. "Snob" was peremptorily ordered to throw down the gun. To this order he gave no heed ; on the contrary, he persis- tently tried to get a shot at the trembling and thoroughly frightened " Jim," and seemed determined to take his life. There was only one way to prevent his doing this, and that was to knock him down, which was quickly done by his master, who at once disarmed him. The look of baffled rage, hatred, anger, and venemous spite which rose up in the coun- tenance of this villain when he got up and looked at his leader, betrayed at once his infamous character ; but the firm determined look that met his, cowed him, and he slunk away muttering some words of vengeance. A spade and pickaxe having been procured, the master, followed by two men, repaired to the spot where it was anti- cipated they would find water. After digging down in the bed of the creek three or four feet they came to sand ; this was damp. A few inches deeper water oozed out, stirring up the sand, and evidently increasing in quantity. When enough had oozed out to fill a pannikin one was brought, filled, and handed to the master, who had been forty-eight hours without water, he having given his allowance to old Keaton, when, two days ago, that ancient man was grieving over a quart-pot, upset by accident or design. Forty- eight hours without drinking is in a warm climate a trial that few persons would wish to experience, and it is pos- sible that none would do so without feeling thirsty. Our friend had decidedly felt thirsty for some lengthened period, he therefore took the offered pot and drank. The wildest and most poetically disposed imagination could not have led him to believe that he was drinking pure pelucid water. He was conscious of swallowing a kind of sandy gruel mixed with black loam, which gave it an alluvial deposit flavour, with a soupcon of froggy slime. However, such as it was, it had the effect of quenching his thirst, and when the two men had satisfied theirs, they worked away with a will, until a tolerably good supply of water filled the hole. The rest of the party were then sent for, and every face cleared up at the sight of water. Poor old Keaton could not reach the spot, he had become so weak, and so water was taken to him. The poor thirsty dogs came with their masters ; they looked wistfully at the water and then en- quiringly up into their owners' faces, but not a dog attempted to drink until allowed to do so. This sample of canine self-control might be studied with advantage by many a worldly man, or even by many a pious Christian. Dumb animals are put forward as examples of some signal virtues, and there are instances when virtues have been wrongly given to animals which do not possess them. For instance, the innocent lamb is not innocent, but stupid, as all who have lambed down a flock of ewes can testify. The meek ewe, not withstanding its modest face, is more obstinate than meek, as well as being as foolish as a vain lady. The shy stag, with his soft dark eye, is a queer customer at certain seasons of the year. The retiring rabbit and timid hare are not always so retiring and so timid as they are represented to be. The turtle dove is not always billing and cooing, and the darling little cock-robin has been known to fight fiercely with his brother robin. Notwithstanding this, it must be acknowledged that the dog possesses perhaps the highest and noblest virtues of any known animal. The dear doggie is brave even to rashness, is faithful even unto death. The world is full of touching stories of the conduct of this glorious animal under the most trying and even appalling circumstances. If he shares his master's bread, he is also ready to die with him of starvation ; he will watch for him, hunt for him. fight for him, die for him, do everything but desert him. Other animals are doubtless good and faithful servants to man, but the dog is his friend and often his protector. All honour to the race ! A circumstance occurred not a very long time ago, when a man was missing and it was supposed that he had been lost in the bush. Diligent search was made for him, but without success. After the lapse of eighteen months a horseman riding up the bed of a dry creek discovered a human skeleton and close to it the skeletons of two dogs. The man had doubtless died from exhaustion and want of water, and his two faithful dogs had died with him. If this is not a touching incident, where on earth is one to be found ? All now set to work to make the hole large enough to enable the horses to drink, and when they had drank their fill the whole party returned to the drays and prepared to encamp. The bullocks were unyoked and turned out to find feed and water wherever they could find them, but nothing could be done with the sheep—the poor things seemed to have lost all desire to move or seek for food and water. Towards evening the master and the overseer mounted their horses and started off in the direction of the Hume River. The night was calm and warm, the country through which they rode was an open forest with undulations here and there, which although they did not deserve the name of hills, yet they were of sufficient elevation to make the forest glades assume the appearance of valleys. The feelings that animated the two riders were of opposite natures and different complexions. The leader was full of hope and courage, determined to reach the river before returning ; the overseer was desponding and afraid, willing to abandon everything and go back to the inhabited parts of the colony. After about two hours' travelling they came suddenly to a large sheet of water covered with wildfowl, flocks of which rose up and flew away, creating a noise and stir that broke in on the silent stillness of the night, which had been so oppressive in the solitude of this wild expanse of forest around them. A sigh of relief escaped from both our travellers. Letting their horses drink, and then unsaddling and hobbling them, they prepared to make a fire. On looking about for dry wood the overseer suddenly uttered an exclamation which drew the attention of his master to him. On going near him he found the man's face pallid with fear. " Good God, sir," he exclaimed, "here are the niggers." " Where," said his companion composedly, " I don't see any." " Look here, sir," said North, pointing to the remains of several fires, near which were numerous mussel shells. " Oh, is that what you call niggers? " said the young man,; laughing, " we need not fear much harm from such niggers as these are." " We must turn back, sir, for if the blackfellows are not on this spot they are not far off." "Let them be near at hand or far off," said the other, " I am not in the least inclined to turn back. Be quick, man," he added, " and light a fire that we may have a pot of tea." "Light a fire!" exclaimed North in consternation, " and so show these murderous savages where we are." " Well" said the master, "if you don't, I will—hallow, where the devil are you going ? " for North had taken up his saddle and was moving towards the horses. " Going, why going back to the camp to be sure, I will not remain here to be eaten by the cannibals." " Look here," said his master, drawing a double-barrel pistol from his belt, " if you attempt to saddle either of those horses, you do it at the peril of your life ; put that saddle down directly and come here and help me ; you are not such a dainty morsel for a cannibal appetite that you need fear being eaten." North quickly dropped the saddle, and began to gather dry sticks for the fire. He was evidently deeply agitated and cast sundry furtive glances at his companion, who was lighting the fire. At last when some tea had been made and some damper produced, North ventured to say " You are not going further to- night, sir, are you ? " " Only to the river, which cannot be far off." " But why not go back, sir, and fetch the party up to this water ; then you could go on to the river." " Simply because I intend to go on ; so drink your tea and do not let us lose much time." They were soon in the saddle again, moving on in a south course and steering by compass. Every undulation as they approached it gave them hope that they would see the river flowing on the other side of it. They were doomed to con- tinued disappointments. Nothing but the open forest was before them. At last the horses displayed such symptoms of fatigue that the riders were compelled to dismount ant lead them. North was sulkily silent, and he pettishly beat his horse until he was severely rebuked. Poor devil, he was very fatigued, and he reeled about like a drunken man. At last he stumbled over a fallen log, and falling flat on his face he made no effort to rise, and his horse after moving a few paces from him stood still. A short rest became now indispensible, so the horses were unsaddled and the two riders went to sleep. Just as the day was dawning the master rose up, and, after kicking North by way of wishing him good morning, he persuaded the lazy dog to rise. Awaking from a deep sleep is a terrible test for the temper. A man, and possibly a lady, may be sulky and snappish when they wake. This may account for the cool indifference that sometimes follows marriage. The husband or wife, or perhaps both, do not do their wakings well ; and may be neither of them are bearable before the bath. The daily recurrence of this conduct is too much for the most ardent love to bear, and so it fades away, and the happy couple sink into a dull indifference to each other which they never could have done if they had not met before breakfast. North was certainly sulky and very sluggish and was taking his time in saddling his horse when his master rode away from him. This quickened his movements, for he was sadly afraid of being left alone. The daylight was by this time sufficiently strong to allow them to see all objects pretty plainly. The character of the country had somewhat changed, low bushes appeared at intervals, and now and then the charred stump of a sappling looked marvel- ously like a wild savage. Towards noon the song of the bell bird was heard, and coming out on an open space our travellers found themselves on a high steep bank of the river Hume. Below them the broad deep river was running to the westward. In the middle of the stream, and immediately in front of them, was an island on which a few gum trees, some shrubs of tea- tree and tufts of rushes grew. Beyond this island the stream ran rapidly and turbulently, as if the river was angry and chafed at this obstruction to its course. The opposite bank was low, swampy, and thickly wooded with gumtrees and an under- growth of various kinds of shrubs—tall swaying rushes fringed the bank, and here and there fallen trees rose and fell on the current as the fretful waters rushed by them. The bank or cliff on which our wanderers stood rose to the height of 80 or 90 feet, it was composed of red clay and sandstone, and was nearly perpendicular. Towards the right it sloped gradually away to a swamp clothed with forest trees and underwood similar to the opposite bank and like it fringed also with rushes. The water was flowing swiftly at the foot of the cliff, whirling, eddying, and gurgling in its course like restless thoughts in an irresolute mind. After gazing for some time in silence on the river, North exclaimed, taking off his hat and scratching his head, "We can never get the sheep over this place, or if the sheep get over the drays can't." His companion said not a word, but continued gazing up and down the stream evidently in deep thought. At last, looking towards North, he said " We will make a fire and have some tea, let us get down into the wood below." And turning his horse's head to the right, he began to descend to the sloping bank followed reluctantly by North, who, with the fear of the blacks ever in his heart and head, was now astonished at his master's rashness in exposing them to discovery by lighting a fire, and thus giving warning to the savages that strangers were on their land. When the tea had been made, North again expressed his opinion about the possibility of crossing the river, ending by saying it cannot be done : you will find out, sir, that it can't be done. " Pooh, pooh, " said his master, looking him steadily in the face, " it can be done, and what is more it must be done." At this moment voices of the natives were heard in the dis- tance calling to each other. "My God, "said North, trembling from head to foot, " here are the darkies ! let us be off, don't lose anytime or they will be on us ;" and he ran to take the hobbles off his horse. " Drink your tea, and don't be such a cowardly jackass, " said his master, who still sat near the fire and sipped his tea ; but nothing could induce North to come back to the fire, so his companion seeing that their position in the low ground was not a favourable one for meeting the approaching savages, took up his pot of tea and led his mare up the bank, North following. Arrived on the open space on the top of the cliff, they had a good view of the country below them. The savages were still calling to each other ; and by the sound of their voices they appeared to be approaching nearer and nearer to our travellers. Our young friend sipped his tea with what appeared to North, who had thrown his away, pro- voking coolness ; at last, having finished, he jerked the tea leaves out of his pot, and strapping it to his saddle prepared to mount. Just then a loud wild cry from the opposite bank told them that they were seen by the savages ; North turned deadly pale, and jumping on his horse galloped away. His master moved nearer to the edge of the cliff, and gazed eagerly into the wood below, but without being able to see a single savage; then, mounting his mare, he followed his companion at a walking pace. He found that North had pulled up shortly after entering the scrub, and was impatiently waiting for him ; the slow pace at which his master deemed proper to travel evidently exasperated North, as he feared his dreaded enemies would come up with them. His master pointed out to him the fact that the blacks could not overtake them, as they had to cross the river to do so ; he also pointed out the absurdity of pressing their horses to a fast pace, as it was of the utmost importance that they should reach the camp that night ; and that if the horses were knocked up and the blacks overtook them they would be entirely at their mercy. Some- what convinced by this reasoning, and of the prudence of his master's action, North travelled silently on ; the day passed away, the evening faded into night, while they slowly moved towards the camp. The horses soon began to show signs of fatigue, and North was so knocked up that he requested not to be spoken to as he was too tired to reply. So silence fell upon them. But what a silence ! deep, solemn, and awful, as if some evil spirit had entered the wilderness and driven from it not only the voices of life but life itself ; there was no percep- tible sound in the desolate forest, the breeze and even the zephyr had died away, and the atmosphere had gone to sleep. High above them were the heavens looking down on the dreary monotony of the scene, even our two travellers might have been taken for ghosts as they moved noiselessly along ; then the sandy soil so muffled the sound of the horses footsteps that they seemed to glide rather than walk through the forest scenery. After the expiration of some hours the master said to his companion, " we cannot be far from the camp. I'll give them notice of our approach ;" and taking a pistol from his belt he fired into the air. The horses started, the reverberation of the sound of the report rolled away into the distance, and all was silent again. "Strange," he exclaimed, "let's try another ;" and firing a second shot in the air it was imme- diately answered by the report of a carbine, and a wild shout of welcome, a short distance from them, rose into the hitherto silent air. This infused fresh vigour not only into the riders but into the ridden. The horses pricked up their ears and quickened their pace, so that in a short time our two wan- derers were in the camp surrounded by their companions, and heartily welcomed back ;—welcomed back with kind looks and hearty greetings. And yet these welcomers were—what ? despised, degraded jail birds ! men whose crimes had been the means of banishing them from their homes, friends, and society. There is a pious saying, uttered with much shaking of the head and uplifting of the eyes, that " the heart of man is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked," and this is said to erring men by pious teachers who have human hearts in human breasts, and who can lay no claim to exemption from this general assertion, and who must condemn their own hearts while condemning those of their wicked brothers. Human nature is in the abstract bad enough in all conscience ; men of all grades have been, and still are, great rascals, and when opportunity occurs for the development of vice it developes itself. War always drags off the mask of civiliza- tion, and, while it makes a hero it develops a savage. Com- merce sometimes wears its natural features and exposes the ugliness of its selfishness. Even society, tight laced prim society would blush at confessing how much filth and rags its conventionalities conceal. Crime detected and punished exhi- bits but a small percentage on crime committed. Many a man walks abroad respected by his fellow men who, if the curtain which hides his immorality was drawn aside, the world would then see all the filthiness it has concealed ; but let the denouncer while denouncing be reminded of the divinity of human nature, let him have his own heart mirrored before him, and if he fails to discover in the reflection the jewel that lies in the breast of every breathing man he had better turn and search for it, and cease condemning his fellow men. Good and evil, are sadly mixed up in this world, but after taking all things into consideration it will be found that good exists. Whatever was base in the characters of the men of this party it was all hidden now by the good feeling they ex- hibited, and the sincere gratification they felt at the return of the master and the overseer from what they considered a rash and dangerous expedition. Continued on page 10. 