Notes of the Day. D'ARCY READ'S GHOST. This favorite entertainment, with its clever illusionniy displays, has been particularly unfortunate as far as the weather goes, but now that there are si^ns of an improvement and as it is announced that this and to- iuorroweveninug will be the last performances in Launceston, no doubt all who liave not yet been present will avail themselves of the occasions. To-night the performance is under the patrona&e; of liis worship the Mayor of Lauuceston. On Saturday afternoon there will bo a special mid-day performance for the convenience of schools and famib'es. THE UWTEII / VOIENT ORDER OF DRUIDS. A telegram was received by Mr M. A. Cleary, who is acting secretary the intending lodge " No. 1 Tasmania" skiing that by the Mangana on Saturday there ••will leave Melbourne delegates from tho Grand Lodge of the Order in Melbourne who come over to open a lodge of the Druids in Tasmania. Already sufficient members are enrolled to form a lodge and we would merely remind tho public that by joining now at once tlioy save half the initiation fee besides seci:ring!other advantages not possible when once the lodge is opened. MODEEN ILLUSTRATION OF THE OOOSE WITH GOLDEN" EOOS. A lady in Ballarat found, in the crop of a fowl that she lulled, a nu^et weighing 8 dwis. Some of her neighbours, hearing of this, slaughtered all their superfluous poultry, but found not the colour of gold. ST. JOHN'S FRIENDLY SOCIETY. The second anniversary of this Society was held in the Mcclianics', instead of in St. Jolm's schoolroom as before, on last evening, at which assembled a goodly number of ladies and gentlemen. The tea and the edibles were provided by Mr. G. B. Dean, of Brisbane-Btreet. The chairman the Rev. M. B. Brownrigg presided. After due respect had been paid to the good tilings provided by friend Dean, the company was formed into a committee of the whole, to hear a report which has already been published, of the financial state of the Society. The chairman, who is also the treasurer, submitted his individual report, and exhorted nonmembers present to join the society as being one offering many advantages. Harmony was then indulged in, Messrs. Cluck and Orpwood singing, and Master Wadliam presiding at the piano. The St. Joseph's fine band was also in attendance and treated the audience to several selections, playiiij, as a finale, " God Save the Queen," after which the company separated. DEATH OF AN OLD COLONIST. Mr Jolm Ryan, an old and respected resident at Oatlands, died at his residence there last Saturday, at the age of 71 years leaving a widow and family of six—four sons and two daughters. From tho ' Mercury' we learn that the deceased gentleman was appointed postmaster at Oatlands in the year 1852, ana so accurately and zealously did he fulfil the duties of liis position, that liis office was regarded as a model one by the authorities. About two years since Mr Ryan, whose health up to that time lind been perfect, was afflicted with paralysis, but he recovered after a trying illness ; liis constitution was, however, so weakened that he never fully regained liis previous strength, though up to within a brief time of liis death he carried out liis duties of postmaster. In public matters Mr Ryan never made himself prominent, although his co-op eratian was always available in matters initiated for the benefit of the district, and during h : s lengthy residence in it of upwards of tlr'rty-three years, he had uninterruptedly secured respect from all classes of persons for his honesty and kindly disposition, wliicli were his characteristics. THE VAGARIES OF A FISHERMAN - . During tho past few days a fisherman named Jarvis has been attracting attention by his extraordinary behaviour about town. By some it is alleged that lie is of unsound mind, suffering from the effects heavy wet." Be this as it may the fact remains that there is evidently "a screw loose," for on Monday he went into Charles-street and hired a suitable place, wliich he stated he intended to open as a fish and oyster saloon on a scale liitherto unequalled, and asked that all kinds of fittings be at once arrauged. His second visit was to this office, where he gave large orders for cards, &c;, which, of course, remain, for the usual business reference being given. He engaged four floats and had them banked up before the door of Irs house for some time, until at length the worthy conductors began to debate between themselves as to whether "something must be crooked with this 'ere cove." Nor did he forget to look to his personal appearance, for he visited fricr.d Norris, who, being a close shaver, noticed there really "was something crooked." He, however, relieved Jr.rvis of all superfluities, and the latter went on liis way rejoicing, after having informed Mr. Norris of the grand but fishy prospects that were before him. He subsequently ordered a parcel van, which holds the bell of the town, to proceed at once to the Main Line Railway station and bring therefrom his oysters and other FIBH ordered from Hobart Town ; however no fish but whiting appeared, and fearing to mull it, although he felt out of place, he returned to seek in vain for the deluded fisherman. After these and several other vagaries the grand finale came, which shows how fickle is fortune, for the greatdesigning fisherman, who liad promised such a life to the Tasmanian public, by giving oysters in abundance, and to shell out, when necessary, liberally, was found on Tuesday night most opportunely—justin time to save his life—floating in the luire close to the soap works of Mr. Evans, whence he was rescued by a resident hard by, assisted by the watchman of the Main Line Railway. Tho police, however, are about to enquire whether anything be really " crooked."—Vide Police Report. SERIOUS ILLNESS OF MR. ALFRED MURPHY. We regret to learn of the serious indisposition of Mr. Alfred Murphy, brother to the late lamented and much respected Mr. John Murphy. Tliis gentleman arrived here on business as usual in the interests of a first-class house in Sydney, and having caught a cold on the way, the severity of wluch increased oil liis arrival here, attacking the throat principally, obliged him to keep his room. He is at present under the care of hiB brother, Dr. Murpliy, and we hope to hear of his improvement in health in our next issue. THE RECENT ACCIDENTS. The young man named MaUy, who was admitted into tile hospital on Tuesday afternoon suffering from fracture of the collar bone, received whilst riding on horseback through the bush at Piper's lliver, is progressing favorably ; as are also Jas. Higgins and the laborer Brown, who fell from the scaffolding of the new building in St. John- street. LAUNCESTON MUSICAL UNION. This society, wliich from the number and frequency of its entertainments evidently consists of really working members, gave another very pleasurable concert on the evening of the 13th. The performance consisted of selections of the most favorite airs and choruses from several oratorios, most of wliich were well performed. The programme was a lengthy one, and was not concluded until rather a late hour. Want of space prevents us individualising the various parts of the performance; but we inuBt say it speaks well for the musical taste of the public, tliat first-class music is so well appreciated, and tliat the society's members are able to step out of the ranks and take solo iarts creditably. We must here remark, flowever, that in the first part of the performance the string portion of the orchestra was flat with the other instruments ; and, consequently, the singers taking their pitch by them, in the piano parts of the choruses were palpably flat with the mud instruments when they joined in ; this in connection with abrupt modulations in some of the choruses made a certain amount of indecision that considerably marred their effectiveness. The attendance, considering the uncertain state of the weather, was such as we tliink the soe'ety need not be ashamed of. LARRIKINIBM IN THE ASCENDANCY. For some time past the neighbourhood of this street has been annoyed by larrikins and larrikinesses of the worst kind. They seem to love Cliarles-street especially, and often congregate at the comers of Brisbane and Charles streets. Latterly, however, the rendezvous has been somewhat varied, and on Tuesday night, hearing some voices calling out at the back of this office, olio of our staff', who was busy with liis work, went out and found three of the lamkins in the lane wliich loodB to the offices of Messrs. Giubb and Son, but upon being detected they ran away. Subsequently, however, they were confronted, when the language of the young depredators was anything but edifying. Two were thoroughly recognised, the leader ns a news vendor in town, weU known already for his larrikin proclivities; the otliur a lad in the employ of a tobacconist in tlu'B town. The matter has been brought under the notice of tho police : The doings of these peace disturbers are really going beyond all joke, as we are informed that even on Sunday between 1 and 2 a.m., the disturliance was very bad, :ind such as to arouse the whole neighbourhood. Should these mattore come under our personal observation again we will publish the nmnes of tho offenders and a few facts added, which we feel sure will not be palatable, especially to our new friend the news vendor. THE MISSION AT THE CHOECH OF THE AROSTLES. Tliis mission which wa3 commenced under the direction of the Rev. Father le Mcnant des Cliisnais, has been continued with great success during the week. The rev. gentleman preaches three times daily, and his discourses are listened with marked attention. The first of these discourses is belivered at the 8 o'clock mass every morning ; the second, wliich is intended principally for the young, is delivered at noon ; and the third at evening Tliis morning the discourse had for its subject, "Fraternal Love," and was listened to most attentively by those present. At mid-day the rev. gentleman did not discourse to the little ones in consequence of the paucity of attendance, the result of the very inclement weather, This evening the rev. gentleman will deliver a discourse at 7.30, subject, "The Blessed Virgin." A LARGE NUOOET FB0M BRANDY CREEE. In the window of tho establishment of Messrs W. Hart and Son, there has been exhibiting to-day a laige dugget irom the Tasmanian Company's claim at Brandy Creek, brought hither last evening by the manager of the company in company with some of fhe directors. The nugget weiglis 875 ounces of retorted gold from 450 tons of stone. The exact value is not yet ascertained the xuality of the gold never having been tested as yet. This claim it will be remembered was originally known as Daily's claim. 