Holiday Impressions of Tas- mania. (From the " Australasian,") BY TASMA. Is there a nation under the sun, age as the Indian, semi-barbarous as Tartar, or poetically refined as the French or Italian, that has not discovered (?) caressing effect of the proper applica- , of the diminutive ? Petit pere is ,e the less coaxing, that petit pere may gh some 100 kilos odd, and a prefix of little" to "rascal " or "rogue" will them of all their obloquy. Heaven nows how deep the source of the univers- ity of the custom may lie ! Right down unacknowledged depths of common man experience, which goes to show, the world over, that " good " is mated with "little," and ''evil" with " big." is a more prosaic solution still which 03 it to the instinct inherent in us all letting young animals of every des- cription, human, canine, or feline as the case may be. But, however the custom y have arisen, it holds good. There is thing that the diminutive, rightly (?)lied, docs not enhance or qualify. peches mignons are smothered in rose res. A " little sinner " is a something (?)t captivates. Coming from vast, wide-stretching Victoria, with its far reaching yellow (?)s, all burnt, unbroken, crisp, under trembling hot air of a January sun, the cool, hedge- divided " Isle of beauty," called Tasmania, the force of (?) diminutive becomes apparent. On her side of the Tamar the flats are not efficiently prominent to reflect the harsh its of the drought. They show out in low patches, here and there, like de- (?) that give a piquancy to a character otherwise too serene ; shimmering by the tr's edge ; brilliant foils to. the, dull tgrocn of tho thickly-growing ti tress, ope thoy may fringo tho banks of tho ct clear Tamar for many a yoar to ie, those, sober ti trees. Whon bright mines and riokotty railways' havo lont ojtlinoss to land costly to-day only 11 an icathotic point of viow. thoy will, of a timo when Tasmania was tho d of tho " lotus eaters," where' - Stfectcn'd with tho Bummer light, . .. The full-juiced apple, waxing over mellow, Drops iu a silent autumn night." ' ' d " thoro is no joy but calm," . Vith logard to the " riokotty rail- i" aforo- inontioned; X; in common h all travellers on the main line from inceaton to Hobart Town, havo my i of testimony to .bring forward, w upon a timo everybody who hod tho fortune to bo dragged to tho top ' of Pyramids felt himself constrained to ilish an account of his' particular ex- ienceitotho world at large. And it 1 tho samo with rogard to tho Falls of gam. Discerning- readers nevor stop r-a-days at a chapter headed " The unids," or " The Falle of . Niagara," iryono knows by heart the reflections f call forth. In 'fact, there can bo no rible reflections about theni that havo been reflected and used up over and ragain. ' " " lut allowing that the Pyramids and gam are beginning to be held in oheap nation, because thousands, and' hun- lof thousands, havo been up tliem, behind them, -and - through and mgh them, and have eome baok to elliah the tale, the' main line of tho nuiian Railway must be approached laloftier, a more-mysterious point of r. There is a supposed stability about Pyramids which leads ono to tho in- ace that for the next few thousands ears they will bo open, as now, to tho eciion of the elimbers of posterity, as for Niagara, though scientists as- us that tho falls aro retrograding at rate of so -many iuchos to so many uries, flippant peoplo (and tho world, ' rule, is fnll of flippant people) boo y prospect that the show will last out r timo, to aay tlio least' of it. But can, say for .what ' a privileged few tho a lino of Tasmania may yet display marrels of its tortuous course ? Daily express " urgos on its wild careor" as jdless of the innuendoes lovollod nst the straightforwardness of its 1, and the trustworthiness of its cha ir, as an independent woman, who a her course successfully, and flings k defianco in . the face of hor detrac- It is so terribly in earnest tlmt one us to feel that, living or dead, it will b to the terminus within the contracted t. And thore is. hardly breathing- ce allowed. to ponder on the Btrango is of chance which whirls ono through tcho and Jerusalem, ina country no Hthan tlio oldest convict within its indaries, whieh leads one by tho banks Ihe sluggish Jordan in a country whoro Jews are not a generation old, Wmia is 1 not' without' , its ruins, ertholcss. Thoro are occasionally to from tho windows of the train a P of narrow crumbling walls, rem it of ancioht convict statious. Thoro ittle interest attached to thotn. Noth- ' more romantio than the cry of a Q uiidor the lash coiild possibly haunt a dreary spots, Thoy mar tho free iQty of the landscape, unfolding itsolf the train ncars Bridgewater into the Me beauty of' river and lull. In its ythis bit of scenery u unsurpassable, the Lauricestbn side thero are homo tfwtions , in tho small rich Bold? and jy lanea, thoundulating farm-land, tho %»of may and'irawthorh. ' But hore," Hobart Town, the suggestions, are original. "While the'train twists about 6 « eel, until ono seems to share in a effort it is making to keep 'its equili- — t uuu ia uruugub Hiburiiubuiy jucu tu with both sides of tho viow. , . There ®> reminder of anything one. has 'soon fore on either aide. Mount Welling-, b tho woathor-glass of the townspeople,, susceptible in : hue to every passing 'oil or travelling sunbeam, has a form u character all its own. It is said that 0 in profile from tho Glenorohy side — s' is to soy, with its fluted precipice win? liko a sharply-cut stop in its out- the mountain bears a resemblance slioii coaohant. That may be, in' tho. so in which grandeur and repose call "red a lion , at rest. , To trace any usl resemblance would require the ao- fors wlsting spirit of a Polonius. fhile the train is skirting the water's Pit is advisable to look to one's fnll. re are times when , the recollection of u broad band of blue shot with dnnoing "ks of ailverjgirt in 'on the opposite "J by dark abrupt heights tlmt soorn to r fathoms doep from the liquid mirror, IF overshadow, will come baek like . a; 7 picture, and spread itself before, eyes ''so weary of reflecting dusty streets treeloaa plains. I' would also be advisable that so Far ha renbo managed, the harmless 'accidents 1 detentions averaged by tho Tasmanian ® should bo brought about, for the > part, in spots like this. It iB a waste opportunity to spend an hour, as we re forced to do, iu the barest, ugliest ®h of country between Hoburl Town ? tonnceston, while a disabled luggage- » lay in our path. Thero was a per- «u mothor of six ' children, in the 16 csniage with us, who made a most Feat display of gratitude— for what' I 'not- clear "even howl ""It" could" hot" re beta for 'the etoppage, whioh was the foj a stampede of the children over the country, and an opportunity for roll ing off the seat on to its head immediately seized upon a hitherto unobtrusive baby. If it was with the dim idea of leaving any of the children by the way, they frus- trated it by trooping back with a double stock of activity before we stated afresh. There is an odd sensation in the Tas- manian train of being guaranteed from serious harm by that very diminutiveness which seems inherent in all Tasmanian associations. To be sure, it is utterly, un- reasonable. It may readily be con- futed by the story of the man who was drowned in a saucer, on putting his head out of the window to see the band pass by. The window came down and pinned his face to a saucer full of water. Where- upon he was drowned. In the same way it may be inferred that be the line of rails ever, so narrow, the train ever so cosy and sportive, any undue antics on its part would have as deadly an effect as the col- lisions of tho huge monsters at homo. Only tho predominant fooling is one of " playing at trains." I, for ono, should bo sorry to havo this pleasant fancy dis turbed by finding that playing at aceidonts is quito nnothor mattor. 1 don't know' what to compare Hobart: Town to so much, its al'cntheurali'towh 'in' England, barring tho antiquity, of course';' and, nftor nil, it is pnro egoism which nmkos us nttach so onormousn valuo to linything benrinvahnmnnnsBociation. Iain not sure, though, that in tho enso of tho HiibartTown cathodral any association coiild onhanco its valuo in tho eyes of tlio; Jpooplo who have worked as hard for -it 'aa nil the letters of the alphabot for tho celobrated applc-pio— who havo|bogged for it, and fiddlcd.for it, and aung for it, and hagglod for it, in tho transparent and ifriondly fashion in which haggling is oiirried on at hasitars. : And now thoy havo got- it, and tlioy cherish it, as wo cherish objouts only that have given us trouble— that is to say, 09 a slico out of onchof their lives. If Hobart Town has no nntiqiiity (though',' in justico to tlio corporation, it must bo admitted that, horo and thoro, tho pavo- monts trip ono up in a sort of wondoring curiosity sb to thoir roinotq first causo) it has, novorlheloss, a ghost story. ' A wotl- authenticated, unsolvod, plausible ghost story 1 -Perhaps, among: the " tilings not dreamt of in our philosophy," it may bo that; sinister events', aro photographed upon somo unknown medium in tho at mosphere of a place, and reproduced underj certain conditions upon 'our brains long nftor thu actors in them hnve gone to feed tho sap. Whoovor would judgo of the possibility of suoh n reproduction must mako inquiries in Hobart Town ' for a hnuntod house — a houso wliorein a moan ing woman wilirock liorsqlf to and fro boforo your pnssago window, and lloo with ghostly, ghnstly haste from an unseen murdorer, and croop shivoring boucath your bodstoad and ab jure you in tones of chill torror to "solid for a doctor." For this -is. -how tho story runs, and how it is related in sobor earnost by those who soem pitiably convinced of tho cor- tninty of what' thoy have seon. .1: will not betray tiio haunt of tho. ghost. If it were a consistent ghost, it, would tnko -re fuge in Rat's Castlo, than 'which , thoro could hardly:bo a more ghostly looking hunso in tho. midst of any city ill tho colonies. Vio'.or Hugo would write ten chaptore -upon it," devoting, perhaps, two to its unwhoiosomo .colour,' two more to its tall docropitudo, four, at least, to tho faces . passing . behind its shivered window frames in tho dusk, and two more to tho old rng-and-bono shops that cling liko depraved offspring, around its boso- niont. You pass it on your way to the raco-caurse, which lies right out of Hobart Town m nn enennntoa torritory nour O'Brien's Bridgo, hidden away from all viow of tho town. Such a back-ground for tlio flying dots of- colour as tho wido groy rivor, streaked and silvered in linos and patclies, tho abruptly-rising hills and mountains,, molting- into- the sky under tho mist that softens their pnrplo glow, like - tho bloom on a grape, is enough to make your face, wander from tlio flat. And in this grand setting is a complete and charming miniature of grand Btnnd, saddling paddock and otco- toras. All is miniature oxcepting tho sport. Tho races by day and tha thontro by night wore the public resources of Hobart Town 'during, its holiday week. With rogard to tlio thontro thoro soemed to be a lack of .discrimination somewhere, - It is not givoh to ovoryono to-:bo an art- critic, hut, so far as acting is concerned, ovoryono has a right to spoak ns ho finds hiniBolf individually affooled.' : In tho teeth of a company not familiar with tho play, i ot a Olnudo Molnotto whoso dross was an .nnnohronisin and a burlesquo, whose nppearnnco made tho sublimity of his oarly sentiments gro- tosquo, Mrs; Scott-Siddons gave herself, up to tlio agonies of tho wonndod Paulino until alio herself as an -actress was for gotten, and nil tho honrts of hor audienco went witli tho outraged woman. But in> noxt day's pnpor thoro was nothing but a captious notice of jtho failures in tho ren dering of tho pioco, '""That tliou art blninotl shall not bo tby \- ' 1 'defect, - For slander's mark," 4to, What liazy sequonco of thought loads nio' from . Mrs. . Scott-Siddons— whom 'I fombmber in connexion with Tonnyson'i' 'linos '' " " Onco for , wrong dohe you ; by confusion i noxt " ' ' , " ""For thanks, It 'seems, till now negleetod ; lost o',- ' - !-l" i' ' , ' .For thcie your dlinty gambols" — \ , .- to ' H.M.S. ship; Sappho, lying in a ltnr- bour ' thiit oher,; namesake "might , have rfmsfln fur A ffpivva washed the shores of Greece ?m Apropos of which i it may t 'be': invaluable to : the youth jwho has his waj to make in Hfo to remember that on : visiting a mau-of-' war./lie must , turn-' towards tho ;,foro and ; salute- Her Majesty's '.flag /before saluting the officer in command. X hoard this advice given to an ambitious Govern ment dork, who, knowing . nothing about Marryatt, wanted to appear na\itical. ' Ho aotod upon it to tho letter, with the little drawback of mistaking the end in viow in both Benses— and on reaching the deck turned towards the atom and saluted it: with a grave flourish, i He never knew until he was returning in tho ., boat why the chief officer smiled; ' I believe ho has given upjthe ideaof attainioghaval distinc tion. But the Sapphols gone, and Mrs. Scott-Siddons has, gono ! .1 don't know whether evon the' gliost' has outstayed' tho season- in Hobart Town, but, whoovor goes In f quest' of it wiU'fihd enjoyment moro' ' substantial in the shape of natural beauty; of fruit,, of- flowers, and of hospitalityv than .' is to be found ' in ' the' .adarch'jof a f.( perturbodspirit "—a phenomenon nftor; all, wo are most of us acquainted with in one sliapo ornnothor. : 1 1,1 ! .. .Ooireotipn.— A very ugljr1 old bar rister,, arguing a' point- of practico - before 1 Plunkett, ' daimod to -bo reeeivod os>aiT- authority.'1 'il I am- a pretty, old i prac- titioner, my lord;" ho said; "An- old praotitioner, Mr. S.," was Plunkett!« cor- rection. 0 Fashion Note.- — Dress fringes i aro now coloured with " madder."-" This. makes as sort of delirium trirarains of ithem'/ you 'know. ' When is water liable toeseape it is only half 