) OUR AMATEUR TIIEA.TRICALS AT -3 ) BOOLONG. ( He jests at scars mho never felt a wound — Roiieo, i One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declave, ) was when he made his first and only appearance as Jan ( \ actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at; his x own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad luulutlu uuctu uc waa uuiu-lu we an actor — io ureaci tno f boards like the great Garrick and the - elder Kean — but it ) was, foolish notion, soon knocked, out of his head after his J peculiar deb At. On fiuding the Melbourne and, Sydney \ managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing \ red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" r at any of their several theatres, he resolved to "take the / bull by the horns" and get up a company of his own down ) at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense ) in building a small- theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having \ scenery painted— for Banbury was determined to do the ( thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a kind ( ®f scratch company,' many oE theni'like himself, raw am- V bitious" amateurs, eager " to fret their hour upon the ) stage," and one or two see ly outcasts of the profession!; J and he looked -.for ward to the production of his pet play, \ " Hamlet," himself as the Pi'ince, with much excitement, ( not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after' about a ) month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their \ words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of ( them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was / intoxicated, and the King likewise ; ' Ophelia , an amateur1, \ burst into- a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen ( lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who ) assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this \ was not the worst, for, Banbury fpundlthat when the bills ir came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, J and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, \ " allowed me to.have whatever I wanted on credit, because ' / they knew that my. rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- ) ist, would pay them, but. I knewvery. well he would do no \ such thiug when he found they were for theatrical tr'ap- / pings, for if there was one thing he held in; abhorrence it ) was the theatre." What was he to do ? His uncle would \ disinherit him, turn him out of the iiouse ha had furnished ( for him, and send him adrift on the world., What was he ) to do ? His creditors \vould nob wait and he would be a C miserable pauper. But for all this he did not lose his r house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his ) name, thanks to the timely aid of one mho is a friend to ( the drama as well as to the rest of the world, -. who advanced / him the, needful. Need we say his name. No ; all know ) him I But we may as well remark it was the champion C of the distressed, f DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street east, ) Who has from £5 to £10,000 to lend. on notes of hand, bills \ of sale (with. or. without security), salary orders, life j ( policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, I ) merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- j \ sons may he entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., / ( repayable to suit the convenieuee of borrowers. ) Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and \ mortgages from 6 per cent. 