M&ttMxt; & Sfmmt. BENEATH THE WAVE. A NEW NOVEL, BY MISS DORA RUSSELL, Author of ' Footprints in the Snow,' 'The Mekeb's Oath,' ' Annabel's Rivai,' &c.; Published by special arrangement with the Author.; All rights reserved.] : Chapter XL— The Featherstones. Thus the first morning that she spent at Massam Park proved a momentous one for Hilda Marston. The proposal that she had received was her first proposal, and Mr.; Trevor was her first declared lover, though she had several admirers during the. old days when she had lived at her father's parsonage. ix 'was a momentous aay aiso tor lsaoei Treyor. She had not wasted her time during her long walk through the autumnal woods. Sir George came, in from that walk excited, if not happy. His eyes involun tarily followed Isabel's tall figure wherever -he went, and she, conscious of that sur 'veillance, looked even more bright and beautiful than usual. Hilda, on the contrary, was embarrassed and silent during lunch after this eventful morning. She had not made up her mind, and she felt as if she could scarcely look the Squire in the face. Mr. Trevor on the other hand, was full of complacency. All seemed to be going on rightly between Isabel and Sir George, he thought, and Hilda now understood his intentions. His mind was also perfectly at ease about her answer. She was a sensible girl he believed, and she would make a sensible wife. We can imagine, therefore, the Squire's satis faction. He scarcely remembered the long years which really lay between himself and the girl he contemplated marrying. He was the Squire of Sanda, he remembered, a man of wealth and position, and he was in his own estimation an excellent match for Hilda. Indeed, he thought that he was acting in a most noble and honorable manner. ' I have chosen her neither for wealth nor even for high birth,' reflected the Sahii^ rinrinor liinpli 1nr*Vinnr o-f' +Tha ownaf blushing, embarrassed face opposite to him. ' She will, no doubt, appreciate the gener osity with which I have acted.' ? ' Has complacent reflections and Isabel's lively conversation were, however, alike presently interrupted by the arriyal of visitors. These consisted of the Misses Featherstone (Isabel's school-companions) and their father, Mr. Antony Featherstone, of Featherstone. When their cards ^were brought in, Isabel asked if they might be ushered into the small dining-room where Isabel, hex father, Hilda, and their ho3t were having lunch. Tp this proposal Sir George courteously agreed, and presently two fine, tall, ruddy haired girls, made their appearance, followed by jovial easy Antony Featherstone. - \- TJie girls hurried up to Isabel, and em braced and kissed her ardently; embraces and kisses which Isabel returned both scan tily and coldly. Then . Mr. Featherstone was presented to Isabel, who received his bold looks of admiration graciously, and condescended to smile on the free-spoken Yorkshireman's not over-refined remarks.. ' My girls have often told me aboutyou,' he said, looking at Isabel, with his once handsome eyes, 'but I'm accustomed to hear them exaggerate, so I didn't believe all they said.' ' And what did they tell you about me, Mr. Featherstone ?'- asked Isabel, not with out a shade of coquetry in her manner. 'What your glass tells you every time you look in it,' answered this goodfor nothing Antony Featherstone, and a frown crossed Sir George's brow both when he heard the question and answer. ' Well,]Sir George/' went on Mr. Feather stone, turning to their host, 'I hope you've come to settle among us, now that you've really got home; I did myself the honor of leaving a card at the West Lodge a day or two ago, but they said you were from home. And I must heartily con s ratulate you also, Sir George,' continued the voluble Mr. Featherstoue, 'on the wonderful escape you had a short time ago. Hannaway told me the particulars of your rather unpleasant dip in the sea.' To this speech Sir George made no reply ; only gravely bowing his head at its con clusion. : ' But he was a lucky fellow, wasn't he, Miss Trevor?' went on the unabashed An tony, ' to be fished out at your hall door. By Jove ! I'd run the risk-r- shipwreck and allf — i if I'd such a chance.' And Mr. Feather stone laughed loudly, and pulled his brown whiskers, in which a shade of grey was now just begining. to appear. He was a fine specimen this, of a reck less, good- natured, worthless maa. Some times indeed, he took a fit of repentance in the morning, when he had a very bad head ache, but usually he forgot lost opportu nities, lost honor, and reputation alike. He was hopelessly in debt ; so hopelessly that he never tried to get out of it. Instead of ?joiuK to, he spent the mornings in playing billiards and drinking brandy and soda \\- aler, and his afternoons generally in doing uoiliirg at all. -: : . i When the day of reckoning comes to such men as this, they generally consider them selves unfortunate. They say, '. Look how so.and so has got on ; how lucky he has been,' or some such envying words. They forget that ' so #nd so' never wasted his. mornings or afternoons. When they were playing 'so and so' was at work; and thus it comes to pass that when the player drifts into dishonored age, the worker sits down to lest in, peace. . - Sir George who knew from Hannaway all about Mr. Featherstone's embarrasments, felt especially disgusted when the jovial hospitable Antony began pressing him, Mr. Trevor, and Miss Trevor to go over to dine at Featherstone on the following Thursday. - '1 never dine out, Mr. Featherstone. I go into no society,' said Sir George, coldly. 'But it's a bad plan, my dear fellow,' was Hie careless answer. ' One gets into the sulks and mopes if one dosen't see a friend now and then, to cheer one up. Come, surely you will follow, where such bright eyes lead you ?' And Mr. Feather stone bowed low to Isabel, who laughed a light laugh at these words. '1 of course do not wish to interfere with any engagement that Mr. or Mis9 , Trevor may form,' replied Sir George, yet ^rnore eoldly. ff Oh, dear Isabel must come V cried the Misses Featherstone, almost together. 'We have lota of things to talk about, haven't we, Isabel ? But when are you coming to us for good? When are you coming to stay at Featherstone ?' Isabel looked- at Sir George before she answered these questions, but Sir George turned away his head. He was, indeed, ex ceedingly anoyed that Isabel should smile on a man like Mr. Featherstone. Isabel, the practised coquette, now blushed, and cast down her eyes. ' Sir George ? 1 suppose, is already tired of us? she said, hesitatingly, 'so perhaps ? ' 'Nay,' said Sir George, quickly, a sudden flush dying his usually pale face, as Isabel paused. f- You know that is not so, Miss Trevor. As long as you will honor my dull house with your presence, need I say how heartily welcome you are ? And need I say also,' he added, with a courteous bow to the Misses Featherstone, 'that all your friends also are equally welcome ?' ' And yet you won't come to us ?' said Lucinda Featherstone (the second girl), with her good-natured smile. 'I go nowhere,' answered Sir George. ' I am, as you know, a complete wanderer, and have lived too long out of civilised society to care now to go into it. But do not allow me,' he went on, 'to interfere in any way with your arrangements. I trust that you will come here as often as you wish during Miss Trevor's visit.' ' Well, we'll take you at your word,' said Lucinda, smiling again, 'and when you are tired of us you must turn us out.' 'Very well,' said Sir George, also smil ing. Then presently the girls, at Isabel's proposal, retired into the small drawing room ; the Featherstones going into raptures over the treasures it contained. ' I remember poor mamma talking about the china,' said Lucinda. 'But for years and jrears no one had ever seen it. Lady Hamilton, Sir George's mother, received no one after the first year or two that Sir George remained abroad.' 'How strange that he should remain abroad so long ?' said Isabel, enquiringly, looking at Lucinda, who laughed and nodded her head. 'People say there was a reason,' an swered ; Lucinda. 'So mind,' she added the next minute, half in fun, and yet with a touch of warning in her voice, ' don't fall in love with Sir George, for he is known not to be a marrying man.' 'People always know such wonderful things,' said Isabel, coldly. ' Why, may I ask, Lucinda, is Sir George supposed not to be a marrying man ?' 'Because people say he is married already,' answered Lucinda, promptly. ' Ever since I was grown up, and able to understand things, there has been a mystery about Sir George Hamilton. It was said, you know, that it broke his mother's heart, whatever it' was. At all events, he never returned home during her lifetime.' 'It is a strange story,' said Isabel, thoughtfully. ' Yes, and he is a strange man. Hand some, isn't Tie though? and it's such a jolly place. I.know of no place to be compared to Massam.' ' It is a fine place, answered Isabel, and she went to the window and looked out. Yes, it was a fine place she was thinking, and perhaps she was trying to be it's mis tress when Sir George had no power to offer to make her so. ' He admires me, I am certain,' went on Isabel's reflections. ' Ah ! well, we shall see ? .' The visit of the Featherstones ended in Isabel, Mr. Trevor, and Hilda Marston promising to dine at Featherstone on the following day. Sir George asrain declined to avail himself of Mr. Featherstone's hospitality, and the Misses Featherstone during their drive home declared that they, were heartily glad that he had done so. ' We'll be much jollier without him,' said Lucinda. ' It makes one dull to look at him,' de clared Patty, the eldest daughter. 'And all his money!' sighed Mr. Featherstone. ' Why, if 'I'd a third of it Fd be the jolliest dog alive !' ' x gave -Lsauei xrevor a, iiiiii, said Lucinda, with a little nod. ' You don't think she has any idea of him ?' asked Mr. Featherstone. ? .'-I don't think' answered Lucinda, with another- nod. if I'm sure.' 'Pooh!' said Mr. Featherstone, 'she needn't then* But,' he added, 'there's one thing I tell you, she's the handsomest woman I ever saw ?' 'Indeed, papa!' said Patty. 'Have you lost your heart, then ?' ' As for heart, my dear, at my age,' an sweTed the reckless Antony, ' it doesn't trouble me much. But take her alto gether, figure and face, she's the finest woman I ever saw, and if old Trevor would come down handsomely I'd marry her to morrow.' : Both the girls laughed at this. In their way they were fond of this reckless good f or-rnothing. They laughed when he came home ' screwed,' as they called it; laughed at him, and with him, but they would have clung to Mm whatever had befallen him. They were not bad girls, in fact, but had been brought up in a bad atmosphere. f We can always be stable boys, whatever happens,' Lucinda used to say, and they were no doubt not unfitted, for that capacity, for they knew as much about horses and stables as most men of their age. .Men called them jolly, and kind women pitied them for their motherless and unprotected -condition, and unkind woman called them 'fast.' The truth was, they were both 'fast' and 'jolly,' but there was something left in them for kind women to love still. One of these good qualities was their real affection for their reckless, good-looking father. ' Dear old boy,' Patty said, in answer to her father's proposal to marry Isabel (if Mr. Trevor would come down handsomely), 'don't you think of her. Lu told you once before, didn't 6he, that Isabel Trevor was the vainest and handsomest girl she ever saw? Well, nothing truer was ever said. When' she marries, or Tm much mistaken, she'll marry for ambition.' 'Pooh! How can one girl tell what another will do ?' said the once handsome Antony. He was a good-looking fellow still, he was thinking at that moment — and why shouldn't he ' go in' for an heiress as well as another ? Patty and Lu, you. see, were wiser. They saw the 'dear old man's' face vpis red, and his hair grizzled, and that generally an odor of brandy lingered about him. If it had been for his gaod they would not have minded his maarying, but they were vexed to think of him making a fool of himself about IsabetTrevor, Yet they'did everythiBg in their power to entertain her handsomely oq the follow ing day. There were frequent unpleasant nesses with the village butcher at Feather stone Hall, and he did not call f or orders as regularly as such good customers as they seemed to be might have expected,, but. on this occasion Patty and Lu exerted them selves, and everything necessary appeared. It was astonishing with how little ready money these girls got on. True, there waa nearly always plenty of game in the larder, and ducks and chickens and pigs about the premises. Spiteful people said that Patty and Lu Featherstone reared chickens and ducks, and sold them in private to a car rier, who resold them to the poultry dealers, and that thus their dress and enter tainments might be accounted for. If it were so it was no disgrace to Patty and Lu, who could not help their reckless father having involved them in such difficulties as they found themselves placed in. They did their best also in inviting guests to meet Isabel and her father. On such a short invitation this was very dim cult, and spite of all their exertions the party dwindled down to the vicar of th» parish and his wife, and hia wife's half brother, Captain Warrington. The vicar of the parish, the Rev. James Woodford, is easily described. He was a meek little man, with weak hair, eyes, and voice. His opinions on all religious subjects was influenced by his bishop, and on all domestic subjects by his wife. His wife was a tall, slender young woman, with light hair and insignificant features, who evidently thought herself a beauty. She was the daughter of a colonel in the army, and had lived much in garrison towns, and now found the vicarage at Featherstdne almost intolerably dull. Yet the vicarage was the prettiest old house imaginable, covered with ivy, and standing amid its old-fashioned fertile garden and grounds. Any sensible woman might have made herself happy there, with herhusband and children, but Mrs. Woodford was not sensible. She had married poor Mr. Wood ford because she could get nobody else, and it was, therefore, plainly her duty to have made the best of him and his surroundings. But she did not do this. She grumbled at the want of society, and grumbled at the society when she was asked into it. Thus she was not popular, and happened as usual to be disengaged when the Featherstones' invitation to meet the Trevors and Hilda Marston arrived. Captain Warrington, her brother, deserves a paragraph to himself. He was only Mrs . Woodford's half-brother, and his mother had been very rich, and her mother, very poor. This, of course, made a great social difference between them. In fact, Misa Selina Warrington married a country parson*, and Hugh Warrington went into the Life Guards. He was a remarkably handsome man. Tall and straight, and wonderfully well-made, while his features were singularly regular, and his expression good ? ' But I have freckles,' he once saidK pathetically, to a lady oh her telling him, that he ought to make a splendid photo graph. These freckles, however, of which he complained were not visible on the clear, brown skin to any eyes but his own. But this speech may serve to describe what he waa. He affected, in fact, to be languid and con ceited, but a good judge of character saw through the affectation ; marking the good tempered satire that lurked in the handsome eyes, and stole round the corners of the full, handsome lips. He was between twenty-eight and thirty when Isabel Trevor first met him, and she was instantly struck . when he entered the Featherstones' draw ing-room by his great personal attractions. The drawing- Toom, and everything about Featherstone Hall, was shabby. The poor girls had no money to buy new curtains and. covers with. Their own dress was pro cured with difficulty, and so they could not afford to adorn the old house. ' Yet they were as hospitable and jolly as if their purses were as full as their hearts were light. They made the best of their situa tion, if Mrs. Woodford had not. They , were charmed,- too, to have got Captain Warrington to dine with them. Captain . Warrington, indeed, was a rare visitor, to * his brother- in-law's vicarage, and had only run down for a couple of days at the earnest and even pathetic entreaties of- hi3 sister to act as godfather to her little newly-born son. Indeed, such pathetic terms had Mrs. Woodford. used, when en treating her brother to come, that the good natured soldier felt he could not resist them, and, armed with a silver goblet and various presents, he had arrived at the vicarage on the day previous to the one on which the Featherstones gave their enter tainment. Thus the Guardsman was a most lucky and unhoped-for addition to tha party. Isabel Trevor, who had gone un willingly, expecting to be bored, brightened up at the sight of him, and felt annoyed when her elderly red-faced host offered his aim to conduct her to the dining-room. Mr. Trevor was requested to take in Mrs. Woodford, Captain Warrington Patty Featherstone, and the poor little Vicar had to offer an arm to both Lucinda Feather store and Hilda Marston. ' I've got more than my share of good tlinps,' he said, nervously, as he endea vored to hold his thin arms at the same level, with the tall Lu on one side and the . middle-heighted Hilda on the other. 'The Church always does,' laughed jovial Antony Featherstone, and the poor Vicar gave a meek little giggle in reply. The Featherstones had the art of making thirjgs go off pleasantly. They were lively, talkative, and rather noisy, and they there- |^ fore overpowered Mrs. Woodford's com^Tj Elaints made to Mr. Trevor in herthin^^ igh-pitched voice, of the want of society'^ at Featherstone, arid drew out Capt. War^^ rington, who, in his affected drawl, toldTTI some good stories, with a considerabhX,*^ amount of spirit arid humor. ?— In the meanwhile Mr. Featherstone wa^£ making, or rather attemnting to make love^-T to Isabel. Poor Mr. Featherstone! Th^V compliments he paid were very coarse com pliments, and the. love he made was not^iJ suited to such a woman as Isabel. She**^ ? might have been amused with him for a^^ few minutes, if she had had -nothing else t»» ^_ do, but she was not amused at him leeringf at her with his bloodshot eyes before Capt.(^) Hugh Warrington. She therefore snubbed^ , ? him unmercifully. Captain Hugh saw this' ? J and appreciated it, and when that gestle-l „ man rejoined the ladies in the drawing-^ \ J ?room, he sank at once languidly down on.'^ the couch by Isabel's side. ? .4 9QS «'I may talk to you, may I not?' he ^sked. *?' Yes,' seplied Isabel, smiling, and open ing her large fan with a jerk. 'Thanfi.you,'! said Captain Hugh. . . *? Do JfovL mean to stay lsng in this p,arfc '*-f the country?' asked Isabel. \ «I came .for two days,*'' answered the hanSsonie Guardsman, 'but if I find it agree&Bife; I can remain longer.' 'perhaps you will find it agreeable,' said Isabel, smiling again. ; '?'''Perhaps I shall,' said Captain War lington, ' and, perhaps — as I understand; '-we are neighbors — we may some times see1 each other during the next few days.' In such commonplace words did Isabel T-egin her acquaintance with Captain Hugh Warrington. But then it must Jte admitted that most of pur acquaintances begin in commonplace and uninteresting language. But she admired men. ? He was jouag and liandsome , and instead of Sir George's cloudy brow and moody manner, he was lively, easily amused, and apparently as ?well' pleaded 'with Isabel's soeiety as she : ?was with' bis. ' . ? Mr. Trevor fidgeted and frowned when lie heard Isabel's low laugh, ring again and s^gain through the shabbily furnished draw ing-roomV Good Heavens ! he thought r was this ^polish 'girl going to upset all his;1calcula tjohs, and throw away,such a fine .position ? as jshe now' had the chance ;of, by 'her vain 'folly? , He' looked uneasily at Hilda, bat !Hilda's eyes were cast down, and gay'e no ! answering glance. ' Then lie .-crossed, the i loom and went to i.ei* side, ? [ 'Who. is ;that person,' he .said, ''with whom Isabel appears to be carrying on sash ; a very animated conversation ?'.'.; .. . 'He is the Vicar's brother-in-law, I be lieve,' answered Hilda. - i 'She is extremely injudicious,' said Mr. ; Trevor- in a tone that Hilda well under- ? stood. JIi1, Trevor expected she would be- , come Ms .wife, Hilda tnew from that' tohei ) and her face flushed and her heart baat ; quicJiiy wxieii sue uts&iu.; il. After this there was music; Lucinda Featherstone playing one of the old pieces she had learnt at school, and which Isabel Trevor remembered so well, as she in formed Captain Warrington in a half whisper. Then there was conversatioa again, more or less animated, and byand bye Mr. Trevor rose, aud after looking at his watch, proposed to Isabel to order the carriage. . . ' Is it time to go ?' replied Isabel, glanc ing up at her father. *? The evening seems to have passed very quickly somehow.' ' It is a quarter to .11,' said the Sauire *fiffiy. ' -: ; ~ 'i'ray stay the quarter,' said Captain Warrington, addressing- the Squire, ' Tiie evening has seemed so short.' 'It is quite time to go' answered the Squire, yet more stiffly, and Isabel gave a little shrug of her fine shoulders. : '* You «ee what a tyrant I -have to deal with,' she said, smiling . at Captain Warrington. 'How do you return to the 'Vicarage ?' she went on. 'As my worthy brothe.r-inTlaw has not been amongst the lucky servants of the Church, I suppose we must walk,' answered Captain Hugh Warrington, also shruggiog Viih shoulders. . ' But it is a fine evening,' said Isabel. * If it rains, or if Mrs. Woodford and you will accept a seat in the Massam carriage, there is plenty of room for us all.' ' Scarcely, I think, my dear Isabel,' said Mr. Trevor, repressively. ' »3ee if it rains,' said Isabel to Captain Warrington, ignoring her father's remark. '** It rains,' said Captain Hugh, solemnly, after he had inspected the weather through the window, and then returned to Isabel's side. Upon which Isabel went up . to the par son's wife. ?,.'?: *' Mrs. Woodford,' she said, addressing this, lady, who was fanning herself discon-r eolately, ' your brother tells me it rains, so I trust that you will accept a seat in the Massam carriage.' ''' r' '?.-.''? ' Fm sure, if it will npt inppnvenienee you, I shall feel exeeedinglyjooliged. I am SO' unaccustomed to' this kind of 'thing. I feel it so much.' . And Mrs. Woodford sighed. ' . * ' 'But, my deari' said poor little rWood ford, advancing towards hisjwjfe, and rub bing his hands together, 'there are so many of ris— ' ... ; ?' You can walk,' replied Mrs. Woodford, and so it was finally arranged. The parson, ?with the Massam footman' behind him, Walked .'to the vicarage, which was -only about a : Quarter of a mile distant from Peatherstone Hall, and the Squire, and the three ladies -went inside the carriage, .arid . Captain Hugh Warrington sat beside ; the coachman. - It was a 'miserable drive for Hilda Marsion. She sat next Mr. Trevor, -on the : back seat of the carriage, and Mr. Trevor had the audacity to take hold of her hand ! The poor girl turned red, 'and then pale. - She dared not take away her. hand — the poor little hand that was not by any means at home in the rich man's clasp. 'Oil, what shall I do?' Hilda was thinking, ' what shall I do ?' She knew what she ought to do, but that meant giving up 'home and help for little Ned. So she sat still, while Mrs. Woodford -kept complain ing, in ,her thin, high-pitched voice, of the society^ which, as a country clergyman's wife, she was forced to endure ; complaints of which, 'however, Isabel took but scant notice. , .., . At last the carriage stopped at the gate of the Vicarage,' and Captiin Hugh War rington descended from his seat by the coaehmaii .and opened the ^carriage-door to assist his sister out of it. ; ^'Good-bye,' Mies -Trevor,' he said, after he had performed this duty, holding out his hand to Isabel. ~ ' Good-bye/ she answered, and that was all ; but something in the way they both spoke made Mr. ''Trevor- more uneasy eveu tlian he had been in the drawing-room. In the meanwhile, at Massain, Sir George jrreat house had felt doubly desolate to him during their absence. Isabel's presence there for the last few days had. filled Ms life with a new excitement at least, and as he wandered up and down the library he was beginning to shape into form the vague feelings with which, in spite of hitus'elf, she had inspired him. 'If she janlyloved me/' he was thinking. He knew enough of women -to know that when they love they will forgive much, and Isabel had done her best during the last few days to isake Sir-George think that he ?was any thing but indifferent to her. . 'But perhaps it is Massam she thinks of,' presently thought Sir George with some bitterness. Massam, , the .splendid , home, that now seemed no home for trim. '?But I have no right to marry/' hereflected the next minute, 'none, none — arid yet she is so beautiful.' ., -?.?'?? ?'' - Yes, there it was. It was her beauty, and but her beauty, that bewitched him., Sir George felt, distrust in her,, even now. The subtlej God-'giyen instinct, with which we recognise truth warned Mm: already, but another instinct carried .him' oil. She fascinated him, in fact, just as she fascinated Philip Hayward and almost! every other man she had tried to win. s ?',.' When Sir .George heard the sound of. the carriage-wheels announce the return of the party from Featherstone he went down at once to the hall to receive his guests. For his amusement Isabel by-and-byegave- a satirical account of their entertainment,1 to which Sir George listened with a smile.: ' And who is Captain Warrington ?' he asked. ?....' ; ? 'A very handsome young man,' replied: Isabel, smiling. ''...: ! 'A forward person, I thought,' said Mr. Trevor, so testily that Sir George re marked it. ??..?????? '.?'? ?: ' Well, you shall judge for yourself,'said ! Isabel, still smiling and looking at Sit! George, 'for Captain ^arriiigton is coming ; here to call upon me. He complained so; piteously of the dulness of his life at his sister's house that I took compassion oa, him — so J hope you -won't turn him out, I Sir George.' . . ! 'Any friend of yours rwill always bei welcome here,' said Sir George gravely. | But he was displeased. He scarcely ad- j mitted it to himself, hut he was jealous I already of Isabel Trevor. : . : ! Chapter XH. — ^Htigh Wasbington. i But he felt yet more displeased and more , jealous the next day. Li passing the door ; of the billiard-iooin about twelve o'clock he heard the crack of the balls, and, on : leaking in to see who were the players, : saw Isabel, cue in hand, with her fair' face ! flushed, while-leaning on the table by her ' side -was a tall, handsome stranger. j Isabel looked up as Sir George opened , the room door, and at once beckoned to her host to come in. - ' 'Come and see me play,' she said. f'I ' have got a splendid adversary, Capt. War- j rington — Sir George Hamilton. ! As Isabel introduced them the two men ? looked at each other and bowed, Six George coldly and stiffly, Capt. Warrih?ton cour- ; teously and good-temperedly. Sir George, ! in fact, was jealous, but Capt. Warrington j was not. Sir George avoided women in general, and Captain. Warrington bought them. Thus a man accustomed to associate ?with the fcellesof London society saw ro thing so wonderful in Isabel's beauty as the cold proud man did;, who shrank from all communion with his equals. Captain Wai- rington admired Isabel, but 'that was all, while Sir. George iwas gradually permitting himself to feel, for her a deep and absorb ing passion. ;-. ;; . . . y '1 am considered a. good player,'. went on Isabel. 'WhyjJon't you play with me sometimes, Sir George ?' ?-, : ' You have got an efficient substitute ; ap parently,' answered Sir George. 'I will not spoil your game.' And, with a slight bow, he turned and left the Tooni. 'So that is Sir George Hamilton/' said ? Captain Warrington, after he had done so. . 'Not a bad-looking fellow, ek?. There are queer- stories about him, aren't there ?' i ' What stories ?' asked Isabel, quickly, i 'Don't know. About some lady or : other, I believe. But its your turn to pk,y. Hadn't we better go on with ' the ;game?' - : . ' . Isabel did go on with the game, and she i also went on coquetting with Capt. Hugh ? 'Warrington. Was Sir George making a ; fool of her ? she was thinking all the time. ! There must be some truth in these' reports ! that she was .continually hearing about I him. She was an excellent player at .billiards : in general, butshe could not play well that : morning. /.'I will not trouble about- Sir George any more,' she decided, and so ' when they met at lunch she addressed her host with studied coldness. Sir George. in- stantly- noticed the change: in her manner, and his restlessness and impatience under it soon grew painful. -He thought that he I had offended her. in' the 'billiard-room, and tried to conciliate hef,,T)ut Isabel's manner continued carelessly .indifferent. ,. ,;? 'I am 'going, to nde over to Feather-., j stone, this afternoon, papa,' she, said to Mr. ! Trevor during the meal, 'the girls. there I have got. up -a lidirg party. We are going [to see some abbey, or other in the neighbor ihood.' ; :\ ' , , -??, ' . ' Are you going, Sir George ?'? asked Mr. Trevor, with jsome jdispomfort in his tone, addressicg their host. ; . ' I have not even been asked to go/' re plied Sir George. . . ! 'Ob, it is only the Featheretone girls land myself and^Captain Warrington, I laelieve,' said Isabel. : Upon this Sir George bit his lips ner vously, and his face flushed. i 'Oh,' said Mr. Trevor, disapprovingly. i 'May I ride Monaco?' asked Isabel, turning to Sir George with something more like her old manner to him. ; ' Certainly,' answered Sir George,1 rising pnd ringing the bell, and when a servant jappeared he ordered. Monaco' (his favorite horse) to be saddled for Miss Trevor's use, and ^having done this, with a word of ' japology to Mr. Trevor, he left his guests to themselves. : I 'My dear Isabel,' said Mr. Trevor, in his severest tone, as the door closed behind jtheir .host, ' do .you think you are acting Courteously to Sir George in making ar rangements in which he is in no way con sulted?' :??.??? ! TsaTifil fill vn crcrnil \tov filimilrlo-ps .ac 1-\a*- father spoke. ... . ; 'I am getting a little weary of Sir George,' she said, ' and feel inclined for a little more lively conversation than he favored me w|th.' ' I— tnink you are very injudicious,' said Mr. Trevor, turning extremely red, ^.nd stammering with indignation. - \- ' Why ?' asked -Iaibel, coolly helping herself to a bunch of grapes. , 'I — I— repeat what I have said,' rer . plied the Squire, rising indignantly from the table. ' I repeat— you are highly inr judicious.' And,, having said this, Mr; Trevor quitted the room, leaving Isabel and Hilda Marston alone. - 'What a rage papa is in,' said Isabel, with a light laugh,going on with her grapes. _ Hilda moved uncomfortabiy^in fact, she did not know what to say. i , ' ? . « Why should I never speak to anyone but Sir' George, I wonder ?' went on Isabel, still mating- her grapes.. s-f,' Captain ; Warrington amuses me, and I like being ' amused;' - ~ . ' Perhaps Mr. Trevor thinks——'' hesi-j tatea Hilda. : ! *'That.I am losing-a chance. of Massam,'' laughed Isabel, rising also. 'Ah, well, iti can't be helped.'. And*with anotherUaugh; she turned away, -r .-?-?? ; She had, in; fact, arranged this ridings party, as she called' it,' with Captain Hughs Warrington alone/' They had agreed in the; morning over the Milliard table that Captain; Hugh was to borrow a horse of Mr. Feather-' stone, as bis brother-in-law, Mr. Woodf ord.i ?was not possessed of one, and that he was to meet Isabel on such and such a spotj on the road between Featherstone and; Massam. . ! ' If the girls would like to come you can; bring them/' said Isabel, in her careless,; coquettish 'way, to Captain Hugh, as; she 1 was making -these arrangements. : ' i 'Needn't be Tety pressing about their: coming, I suppose?' said Captain Hugh,! looking at Isabel with his handsome eyes; and smiling. as he spoke. ? ' I leave it in your hands,' replied Isabel, 1 and so Captain Hugh never said anything ; about this meeting to the girls at all. | yhus, when Isabel, mounted on Monaco,; and with one of the Massam grooms behind \ her {splendidly amounted also), rode up to; the appointed spot, though somewhat past| the appointed hour, they, found Captain; Hugh gazing disconsolately at the partridges \ over the hedge of an adjoining : field mounted \ ion a 'screw' (as Isabel would have called : it) from the Featherstone stables. ' s 'lam weary with waiting,' he said,! affectedly, as Isabel, bright and beautiful'; as usual, approached him. 'Are you?' she laughed. ' Well, you see, I have come at last.' i 'I was just going away in despah*,' said j Captain Hugh. . ** And after mounting this ' animal '' ? (and he touched the poor horse ; which he was riding) ' for your -sake, I \ think it was cruel of vbu to keep- me so long.' ' I niust try to console you,' answered : Isabel, smiling. 'So — that was ail they ' could give you?' she went on, critically inspecting Captain Hugh's horse. 'Unforeseen and unexpected misfortunes had happened to the whole of the rest ? of f Mr. Featherstone's stud,' replied Captain Hugh, 'which he and I equally re- ! gretted.' ?** Perhaps they, are in the hands of the bailiffs/' said Isabel, with a laugh, who : had neard something of the Featherstones' , embarrassments, since she had been at j Massam. :??'.? . ? ' Perhaps,' replied Captein Hugh, 'and ; the bailiffs have been too knowing to lay ' hands on this one.' And he once more slightly touched the poor animal on which , he was mounted.; ?.;-;?? . ? But presently they forgot all about their - horses. -Isabel intended to be charming, and. she perfectly succeeded. You see or dinary and commonplace words sometimes sound charming from lovely lips, and speeches that would be called harsh and cutting coming from the plain or old do not seem so when the voice is fresh and young. Isabel, tired of having, made love to Sir George, with seemingly -so little re sult, now amused herself by making love to a younger and apparently a more sus ceptible man. But it is curious how these outer shells in which we are enveloped will sometimes deceive.. Captain Hugh War rington, with his large pensive grey eyes, which looked so full of feeling, was by no means an impulsive person.. He, in fact, never dreamed of falling in love with Isabel Trevor^ as they rode in the misty October evening through the Yorkshire lanes. He admired her, but she was not the kind of woman he would have £iven his heart to if he had had any thought of giving it away. '? Sir George Hamilton, on the contrary, ?with all his. gloom and reticence, was really i both: impulsive and passionate. He had I left the luneheon table feeling angry and jealous almost; beyond control because Isabel was going to ride with Captain War^ ; rington — so angry and jealous that he did not even condescend .to tell; -her his news. This news that lie had just received by tele . gram was that Poilip Hayward, the tutor, was then on bis road to Massam. -Thus when Isabel, flushed and smiling, with Captain Warrington by: her side^rwas returning in the gathering twilight towards jthe Park, a waggonette passed them— a i waggonette in whieh two gentlemen were seated,, and whom; Isabel instantly- re cpgnifced, even before they took off' their hats in token of her presence.' ? : : ? , : These- were. '.Haviward1 and Sir George, Sir (George.; having -gone to the station to meet the tutor; and, with a start, Hay w.ard also recognised .Isabel as they passed the riders. : j i ? ? 41 That is Miss Trevor, is it not ?' he said a moment later, with quivering lips. t( Yes,' answered Sir George with sud den reeerve and coldness, for before this : jneeting with Isabel he had been exerting himself to b6 kind and attentive to Hay ward. 'And the gentleman ?' asked Hay ward. *^I do not know,' replied Sir George. ' Some officer I think that she met the other day at Featherstone.' And as he spolie the tutor suppressed a restless sigh. . Living down at Sanda— living in a lonely and secluded spot, where the great social differences which divide men were almost forgotten— Philip-\Hay ward- the tutor, had lately ibeen nursing a sweet dream of love. There was something almost pathetic in its simplicity. He .had read arid dreamed of men and Vomen loving each other too well to,* paTt, in; spite of all obstacles and all laws, and he had told himself that his love was as strong and great as any man or jwoman's who- had ever lived. He had believed in Isabel's sweet glances, in her fev? sugared words, in the josebud that she had given him in jest, but which he treasured now as most men treasure gold. It came upon him, therefore, as a kind of shock when he saw her riding with another roan — a shock that made his lips quiver and his heart beat with a dull, cold pain. \ {.To beconthnued.) . '? ?? - - ' — «► — ?- — - i Ih a provincial theatre where Macbeth was being recently played.by a clever man, who was also a very great favorite with the audience, in the banquet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquo, ' Hence ! hence 1 hence !' when he dropped on his knee, covering his face with his robe,~ and shudderiag -convulsively. Jnstasthe applause was over a yopith in the gallery, carried^away with the intensity of tha acting, cried out, 'It's all right now. Smith ; he's gone' ' ?' ':'..???'' 