The Advertiser MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1878. THE [?] of New South [?] some what [?] concerned about the [?] of agriculture in that [?] The yearly returns are of an [?] ebsneter. f* H-T pnjiiM ■aft'ii lmm% lbs BeKtfaaAnsd yean be attbsaa?jecateaa that aa*e in« tie last tan^ aaiths ?enM?«f papirtM?ii a the ajaafiw *?-*^>—' «--?.- i rr ,|| L g^ A? for a ■■ill for her I— Matk. U fa calcahtfed that tins }w £700/180 worth of wheat wffl ha waatataailhegaaa?ar fMrt <Nr *"* ***"■ NewZeaaaa^teaaheaassjolaiaMaajeaaae a^Maaw? *aaa^a> taw) A Sanaa*. ffBBBBBB w^aaaaaaaaaaY-awaal be able to beat naif lilii ia aaj — jut cuntesf tlwiateoorwhs?faawaa?a?h. ro?ata? at ary fariadcf taaywar. Ha wcoril wi? attack—laatiwy iiH eft? *« that fat las* for i iiaalij aal atlla Wmbs is aMn Igr oh atathaie? taaasaf. by Gsvataaaat. Then an aat aa <aaa pkt*artrfaakMfheyawMMa%aaa?fha pshee an eajiiijud ia ffottiaf fasaaaaafc aaa4 afaa> aaVlaawl aaaafajjai faaaaraaaaaaaaVaaa farwvaag. No*tofcheadauttad,atoar frieais ovar the hmiet t&m;, ttat tiair fanit vlachan fitfartaagmrthef «tMt m bmr aradactif* aal aaon cataaiaa tbaaovov?. Bear daa^ ia la* «■■ af Ccne, doc* it ernae to faai that with* pooahtka. three tiaaaat aaamwat aan^ while oar haaai yiaU ai aaar iffjgim/rot worth of whaM thoai «f lUw Sarth Walta jidd <a*j • AM «T «hat aaMNHttr If thai aatar eotoay of «aa? wi& aadh ptolific aai miiaiani whaM kaaa, tai devotd haoMB? ia the daciaft wshaaiflaaa tatheoalliTStiaa «f whact ate woall la tahnar jcadyaaaai £M}/800/>oo haMaalaf tW ■!■■■«! saOPjOOp wldch awrhi «h? Bautaf awpiartia?. Thai aw fait haiiui ExafiAeaha^Bida?titaVoalltaM?atlaHt —JL^af a^aa> Sim TaV w?emeap^^ioriwo??Ca?a???iiaa. Ik iayheaMaa?ttenihaiaaai,aailaiih(at withoot initnah, 4hatk4aai am ailai ulat frwiTtiiin nmti wilhii Ihnliaaai ■* «7 A*le irorian of tha Bavin antifat the uteu^ <£ Ihriag an abaadaaL B «aa c.i atoian gaU, aad aaofher woa^ aal another aagn, bmbb jpi ifiliiij <haa they eagrarwhast, taea Atae mn Ih* Urn c*anmo>ritif«tohriiMjiatathewada"?aatt> hat. Ko4oaht each?«MtxaMati«caaaet aoo4o> AaaHnfianadaMliaf pofiti cal cooaaa^a oat than as avhariaaMKlaat ill in mt* te he **W? iafa> ceaaMhaataai wbea eataaataaf tha atatai af a Bdaiali COtfl?J. The xaianar at bmb of a farfi ~?«*^— whkhwil Jliaailiij tiTmi for goodoresathe hiatory cf ta« eaaaaaaity. Aookajth?tdcfitaa?farsoarta?aaaanr «C years «c th? arndatliua «f call iaa/ becme wcahhy. at Victoria haft 4am, aai like her aaty Spa* laqpoh/ia thaeyaaf #W*k waMaaaLsi laaai mat a?asss>Mki.*a> aV^ l( Jt^ <ac twaj -OKI* «w VsMK Wwl w MaXUkr like Mrtorim from mmbm Oatas aatioaal dka^en. A colony that *aaai? chiath/ m wool hi anaoat certaai tohnvacartahi ?Bsaher that are very oeh, aad a vary crcat oasoher is BNaortfea that aas vary poor. Id Kew Sooth Waha Ai ■.■Uiaa, ccotnsU hetweesi wealth aad poverty aca aaore ctro?^j aaafcad thm M *Umt «f tha AwrraKaw acotsasas. sal Aa k ajia* «C th* fact that ah* is fibjiiiii, co far as wfiawd aiallh is caaeaoasV heyoad al of than. A couay that !• mach«athecTowthaf aaavHl ham hi H a hogs s?ctio? of popwhitiaa «f as j^j— aso?j with all tha acad4MMlia?taaai naaniliailhuiiwilh. Wgn>wth«(whast harts aohoiy, is mrmnctrf with mo aadal diaadtaataeaa. Oo taa qatar/. it la taw of hnssaa sahor. It Isaastothadi islsf VHMat foccsiKht. It has stood eaaaaeaal ia al *«aa of A* wadd win f ilflin whkh an the atnaMjth aad stay rf enffisar Monnaa taawa, aad tha baa juaa—j sf later taaas have aaal* sar fiaftas what % i« ■tas*f,f?e T «Bd bold ;s* that w? oaa. ccii* we am ojaite wanaaaad is sar ataaa aoaat that a tndy Eafjaah caisay oafht to nose wheat cnoatjh far its «ws caaaaaaa tka^c^ttoattetolamsaaaosajilsaasa?sv hoawmfimseaskybeihsir unaasH— \ % auficieat ■amber of gtaansw tasci rf tbeaoa actaaly prodad?*; whatas?ajr- YA race will ever awed, goal whsatam bread for hoase manaanaliiai Wsasa.« jroBBc; coaotij bm aoi\\. daaa^aaaja?saT CTtdrtiow fanxmUc to the avowth «f wheat and neglects that itlailij, the canae Bast be fomtd in sswhw aT not wicked iegidatkn. Boath Asatls?s, w3l never be injored aaeially by thaaaaitl l*lie*ikn tt her Carasen saaaai tsnaiaa; ceases to gire remmiualwr isaallftt?>tsl. And it deserve* cooa&en;&m; oaths part sf our yeeaaMwy whether it is aat aatiaaahi in prospect cf the sfeatsaMtiat sf tb? future to aisa at a vmnety of crop. Modem trad*, which has opened the ■■?*■*■** EDgtand to our wheat, fau opeaed tjaam also to ? number of other prodaets which our soil and clkaate atifht aaahh) a? t**^ I ably to grow. These is a s^a?aa*aaj«? tbe cost of labor all over Bsrape aa* Aaierkm just now that saay aaasilly aSapl tie value of- breadstufis, and it might be that across the seas may not proveasTremunerative as before. But to return to New South Wales and ber agricultural statistics. Our readers will scarcely be.prepared for' the results they give. Ten years ago there were 28,500 agricultural occupiers. The average size of their holding was about 280 acres. But tiie amount of actual cultivation was only one Here in seventeen, or a little more than 16 acres .each.,* Thlsjwas bad enough, but now-'things *XB--«ven 'worse. The number of farmers has 'indeed risen to 40,000, and the *ize_ of the holding has increased to the average of 480 acres. But in spite of the increase of the farm the selector of 1878' cultivates no more than a miserable 13$ Acres, or one acre in 35 of the number lie holds, and this inclndes the amount •devoted to 4ay, maue, potatoes, sugar, and -wine; Tarpons explanations might bs ot tius, but all of them together seem to be insufficient. One reason doubtless is i that the land profitable for farming lies, «tvefor a-narrow belt of Ihe seaboard, ijeyond the great range that runs parallel Trith the sea. But in two places this , lange has been/pierced by railways, and the •Cost, of ia?natris not now one-ihird of what It w^8: : before .they were constructed. Another is that the land laws of New South. WBles.have utterly failed to pro mote a genuine and judicious settlement, free' selection before survey has been the -Xuin pf half the free selectors. Settlement -has sot been accompanied by tie social <Condxtids? "which In South Australia has made life in the Areas not only bearable ' fcut positisely attractive to the better class •of settlers. Farming in New South Wales is noj zegarded as an honorable calling in j the senseit is mitb. us. The wool-grower I is vas% above the wheatrgrower in common ■estimation, and bo wool is grown and wheat is neglected. : The announcement in the tslegraphic news leceiVed on Ih.e arrival of the mail steamer :from. California at New Zealand that a ' .geneialindia?war was anticipated in the ! United.States is in no way a surprise. ' Every summer for several years desultory ] fighting has taken place between the United • States troops ""^ one or other of the TnHiar) tnbee on the frontier, but no very serious Collision occurred until List year, when Sitting: Bull, the renowned Sioux Chief, unearthed the hatchet and swore never to bury it again until the Indians had obtained tbeaxi nght?. For several months the ■war went on with that rarying suc cess -which always chaiacteriees guerilla fighting, but towards the end of hut autumn it was announced that the United States forces had gained % complete victory,'that the Sioux army was annihilated, and Sitting Bull himself fugitive in Canada, It gradually came out, however, that the victory was very much a delusion, and that the retirement of the Sioux warriors from the field was due to the approach of winter, and notjto j the prowess of the United States Army. The appearance of Sitting Bull and his men in Canada certainly was not that of -defeated fugitives, and subsequeat events have thrown discredit upon the story of the great defeat of the Indians. Sitting Ball sad iiis warriors camped for the winter in the -Cypress Mountains, on the : frontier of Canada, and the State of Mon tana, -and die United States forces stationed \- themselves at -Fort Benton, some hundred miles di?tant. - The Sioux gave no sign until -the begining of April, when Major Sges, the Amwwwm wmmf^ addressed a tetter to head-quarters, wg?"g that assistance • should be cent to him as speedily as pos \- able, saslifi apprehended an attack from the Indiana. - This document admits that despite the -victory of the previous season, Sittincr Bull has some 2,000 well-armed warriors under bis command. News next came t^^t the Sioux had held a grand council, and were preparing for action. The matter seemed so serious that Major Irving, who had been sent to Fort Benton -to report, withdrew tbe men from Fort Benton tpa position more suited for defence. It speedily became evident, however, that ■when hostilities did begin in Montana the Sioux would not rbe the only tribes which the United States' forces would have to encounter. Hitherto, for 9\. considerable number of years, the great safety of the United States -against 'any combined ~ movement of TnfJMum has lain in the jealousies of the tabes.' It would no w seem from the ominous reports in the American papers that the 0f Sitting Bull has been sufficient *to *M*lrft the Tn^jQTin sink .all minor dif ferences in their desire to exterminate the whites. Beporte from all directions tell o war councils among the Indians and pre parations for the match. Towards the close of April the Assini boines to ihe number of sixty lodges ! crossed the frontier to join Sitting Ball, as i -also did .forty lodges of the Gros Ventres, «nd parties of otter tribes speedily followed. So far as the aews goes tbe army under -Sitting 801 l has as yet made no hostile j «ign, but unless the influence of the British is sufficient to restrain him, it will not be long before he and bis warriors are on the war patil. In other States the fighripg must by this time have already taken place. About the middle of May the Bannock Indians, In the State of Idaho, immediately to the west of Montana, went on the war path, and were immediately joined by the Shoshones. Their forces, numbering about 400, are commanded.by Buffalo Horn, a great Bannock warrior. The United States troops in the State were unable to cope with them, as they were only seventy-five men all told. The Indians^ however, showed no inclination to attack them or the setttex?, contenting themselves with ■warning the latter to leave the prairies, which -they speedily did, taking refuge in Boise City and other stations to avoid the certain death that would otherwise have awaited them. It was coon seen that ihe game of the Indiana -was not to fight until some prearranged time bad arrived, as they turned northwards towards the Colorado River, where they were joined by the Flutes. Here it is Relieved, they will await the advance of General Bradley, who has been, sent against them with a considerable force. The next news from the frontier was that the Indians in Eastern Oregon had joined the war party, and that-4hey were encamped with the Bannocks toitba.mmiber of upwards of one thousand, and thatUw Apaches in Arizona wereriei?g. Infcctit^s estimated that by the rfivflfl*" of June, without counting the men with Sitting Bull in Canada, there were in On States of Idlaho, Oregon, Mon tana,'and Wyoming at least 10,000 Indians on the war path, and this number must now be nearly doubled. Thus the force of Indians may be. regarded- as equal to that of the United States army. There can be no doubt of the very serious nature of the position. The settlers having taken the alarm have left the plains and taken shelter in Nevada, in Boise City, and the few other defensible positions,- and the Indian^ an forthetime being masters of the country. In tbe late war Sitting Bull showed himself to be no mean strategist, and under his leadership if he takes die field this -very extensive "<^"g of the redskins may give the United States troops serious trouble. The present expe ditionary foxce is considered quite inade quate; and calamitous results may follow before fresh troops can come up. The war of course will eventually end in the com plete defeat of the Indians, but it will cost the United States many valuable lives* The American Government have only them selves to thank for it. Had they treated the Indians as they hare been treated in Canada an Indian war in all probability would never have been heard of* The tribes now on the war path are driven there by starvation. Deprived of the hunt ing grounds and fisheries upon which they depended for support, they never received the support from the Government which was promised to them. The officials in trusted with the funds for the Indiana have for yean misappropriated them in the most scandalous manner, and it has long been notorious that the Indian Office at Wash ington is officered by men of the most un scrupulous character, who appoint to the Indian agencies their political friends whose performances begin and end with filling their own purses. General Crooks, who is in command of tbe force in these outlying States, long since warned the Government that the agents were pillaging the State, and that the Indians would speedily be driven to arms by starvation. Bat the corruption at tbe Indian Bureau was two much both for President Grant and President Hayes. General Crook was unheeded, and his prophecy has been ful filled; and the United States Government, through their own laches, have been plunged into a costly war, of which they may not see the end for a long time. The official investigation by ihe Inter- ! national Commission appointed to enquire j into the atrocities recently said tohava ; been committed by the Russians nod Bui- < garians on the unfortunate Moslem in habitant? of Eastern Roumelia, which j led to tbe insurrection iv the Ithodope ■ mountains, has confirmed the accounts ] given in tfae newspapers of the ex- { tent and terribleness of the massacres, the truth of which was at first doubted, j A report embodying their opinion on the ) evidence collected by them has been drawn j up by the Commission and signed by all ' the delegates but die Russian, German^ and : Austrian, the utter being absent from ill- ' nes?. Tbe objection of the Muscovite representative to sign the condemnation of , the troops of hie own nation is easily under- ' stood, but the refusal of the German dele gate to giro his adhesion to the report is ■ only explicable on the supposition that the Emperor of Germany is anxious not to five the Czar any cause for offence. Now, • owever, that the sad reports with respect ', to the state of matters in R*mim?lU have ■; been confirmed it is the duty of the Great < Powers to address such a remonstrance to ■ die Czar as may induce him to order bis : officers to repress the cruelties of the Mas- ' coTite soldiers, and to put an end to those ; of ibe Bulgarians. It is absurd to suppose that the Russian officials in the province can- ; not keep their own men in check, and with ' such a force as that they have at command j cannot restrain the Bulgarians. It is a ] case, it is to be feared, of want of will j rather than want of power, and one which : if persisted is moat lead to some stronger ; measure on the part of tlie other Powers ' than the mere exchange of diplomatic notes. \ The massacres may or may pot be reprisals i on the part of the Christians fox bygone j sufferings, but nothing can possibly excuse i them or render them any the less an out- ' XSC6 O& "ans*ymyt|^y. ■ The tender of Mr. John Robb has been accepted for the erection of the fort to the south of the Semaphore for the sum of £15,893. Messrs. Harrold Bros, inform us that they have received intelligence of the John Beanie having arrived home safely on August 88. On-Saturday afternoon, August 31, Hie Honor Chief Justine Way performed the cere mony of laying the foundation-stone of a Bible Christian Church at Glanville. An extra telegraph wire has lately been erected connecting Mount Gambier with Mel bourne via Penola. It will prove a great conve nience when the coast tine is interrupted. The Burnt paper elates tbat owing to the warm weather vegetation is wi«H«?g rapid pro gress, wild oste are coming into head, and trees are blooming for an abundance of fruit. Five miles of rails have been laid on tbe line from Mfllicent towards Bivoli Eay, and it is expected that for the whole of thi* distance the railway will be ready for use in January next The Conjgregationalists propose to lay the foundation-stone at a new church at Port Pirie ibis week. The Bey. \V r. B. Fletoher. M.s..,and other clergy from Adelaide are ex pected to be present. We have received from our correspondent in the Northern Territory some of tbe red paper batk with which the natives paint themselves. The curious in such matters may see the bark at this office. In our notice on Saturday respecting the new building to be erected for an Academy of Music in Bundle-street we should have said toatthefaeixfatof the large hall was to be 30 feet instead of 16 feet. The crops at Barunga and on the Con dewie Plains are not in such a forward condition as they were this time lastyear. This is looked upon by the farmers as favorable, they thinking that there will not be the same likelihood «f red mat making iai appearance,. The Jury at the adjourned inquest held on Saturday, on tbe fire at Eadunda, by which the premises of Mr. W. Brix were destroyed, re turned a verdict to tbe effect that the cinsum etences were suspicious, bat that there was not sufficient evidence to criminate any one. The railway between Kadina and Wal laroo is being vigorously proceeded with. The earthworks will be finished in about another week, and as the ballast is stacked along the line it can be laid without much delay. The Wallaroo Times is informed that a locomotive will run from Port Wakefield to W«din? Anting tbe present week. The foundation-stone of an addition to the St. Francis Xavierfe Hall, Wakefield-etoeet, was laid by the Bight Bey. Dr. Beynolds, Bishop of Adelaide, on Sunday afternoon, Sep tember 1. The new building is to comprise a library, reading-xoom, meeting-room, and museum, besides a dwelling-house. The cere mony was witnessed by a huge concourse of spectators. An adjourned meeting of the share holders in the Port Adelaide Newspaper and Printing .Company was held at Messes. G. R. Selth & Co.'s offices, llaclazen Whsxt, on Friday afternoon, Angus* 30. Mr. D. Bower, XLP, presided. Mr. T. Hack proposed, and. Mr. K. Honey seconded, that the resolution passed at a previous meeting to wind up Ihe Company be confirmed, and that the Directors act as Uqulda toi?. The resolution was carried unanimously. It is l>elieved that the publication of the paper will be rontinned. the Directors having recMved an onw to purchsse the business. Telegr^hic communication with Singa pore ib Interrupted. A ship left Suigapareon Friday torepair damages, bat at present com munication is totally Mopped. By the &B.; Otwsy, which, arrived bom Western Australia on Sunday, we have received the Aeaumfte Herald np to August 21. Our contemporary says:—?• letters foam the country report contained heavy rains: the riven ace rising rapidly, and unless there is a cessation of rain fork short time it is feared there will be -heavy floods and mneh damage. "At a public meeting of the inhabitants of xtaeewater.beld at the Daks of Edinburgh Hotel on Friday evening, August 30, the Chairman of the district, Mr. H. C. fi. Muecka, in the chair, the following resolution was carried:— " That the members for tbe district be requested to endeavor to obtain a speoial vote for filling up the ditches on both eidesof the Grand Junction road from the Fort-road to Cheltenham-road ; for making the Grand Junotion-raad wider, forming a footpath on one side, and reducing that portion of the xoad where the {dank road was to the level of the Port-road." We have been shown a telegram from the Australian Widows 1 Fund IMe Assurance Society in Melbourne to Mr. Gavin F. Gardner the Resident Seoretary, stating that compliance with the Companies' Statute has been made by that institution, and chat it is not included in the list of those threatened with legal proceed ings. Mr. Bofab, the Head-office Secretary, who is in Adelaide, confirms **?«■ statement from his own personal knowledge, so that any uneasiness in the minds of members m iy be allayed. It 'will be seen by our racing telegrams from Bandwick that His Lordship won die AJ.C. (Sydney) Derby on Saturday, in S mm, 55 sees.; Vulcan being second, and Woodlawn third. Solicitor won the Hurdles, Jasper the Trial Stakes, and Chester the (Spring Stakes, beating Woodlands and Maoearoni for second and third places, in 2 mm. 43£ sees. Viscount won the Epsom Handicap. We are informed that Woodlands has been made a strong favorite for the Metropolitan, and that A«iri. n^ v now first favorite for the Melbourne Cop at 109 to 12. The rainfall from 9 a.m. on Fri day to fhe samp hour on Saturday, August 31, is registered as follows:— Auburn ... 0110 Mount Ton-ens 0-C33 Oape?orda ... 0-105 Noarlunga ... <H?9 Cape Jervis ... 0050 Normanvine... 0-035 Fowler's Bay... 0040 Port Lincoln ... Oo#9 Georgetown ... 0-050 PortPirie ... 0-060 Gladstone ... 0030 Bedhfli ... o*lso Gumencha ... 0070 Riverton ... 0-090 Kapunda ... (WJBO Babe 0390 Kadina ... O-080 Streaky Bay ... 04*0 Kingsoote ... 0090 Tanunda. ... (HBO Laura .„ ... 0020 WaUaroo ... 0090 Mount Pleasant 0180 An inquest was held at the Yatala Labor I Prison on Saturday afternoon, August SI, by the City Coroner, on the body of Samuel I Wilfred Seeker, who died on Friday morning, | August 30. Mr. J. Cowling was Foreman of the Jury. E. B. Scott, Manager of the Prison, deposed to AvSmitftiDf tibo •decsSMod oq Nofomber 23\. 1677. Dr. E. W. Way, Medical Officer, said that on August 27 he visited the Stockade in answer to a telegram from the Superin tendent, ftrting that the denemed had broken a blood vessel. He found on his arrival that the patient bad lost a oonsiderable quantity of blood. He prescribed for him, and aaw him every day till his d. atb. Deceased was formerly practising as * medical man as Port Pine. When he first went to the prison it was dis covered that he had diseased lungs, and was in consequence placed on light work as hospital orderly. Deceased had reoeived every medicil comfort. The owe of death was haemorrhage of the lungs reuniting from consumption. A verdict was returned in accordance with the medical evidence. A correspondent writing to the Border CTufc&from; the Pnnt,Glenelg Hirer, under date August 26. says:— *• On Thursday last c? sidersUe and painful anxiety was caused when it became known that our much respected neighbor, Mrs. MrT/ran, was lost in the bush. She left ber bouse about 5 o'clock in the evening to bring her cows. Eat one o' these bad, what is termed, planted ber calf, and to find the plant the poor woman started on a tour of discovery, butonly to discover herself lost in the bush. Of course we all turned out, and explored every where we thought she was likely to be found; and after a diligent search our efforts were crowned with success yesterday morning. She is weak, but not dangerously ill. from the exposure, and we hope to be able to see h«* all right again in a day or so. Gnat praise and credit is due to Mr. James Lean, TsTiasn McFarlane and Plate, and the other gentlemen who took part in the saves; and last, although by no means flic least, everybody's friend, Mr. Andrew Brown. I noticed among the discoverers Miss R. Taylor and ber sister, well mounted." '" A real live ghost is believed by some persons to haunt a bouse which has been un- I tenanted for some time in Johnsou-street," : reports the Wallaroo Times of August 31. "A ■ few sights since a resident of our town, hap ! pesing to pass the particular locality after ! nightfall, was horrified by the appearance of a ! figure in white, which, he stated, placed its i hand* upon its knees and groaned dreadfully. ; Tbe said resident did not, however, stay to in ! tenogate tbe * unreal mockery * as to the mean -1 ing of its peculiar conduct, bnt exercised tach ' unwonted velocity of immisni ill tbat be found himself at hi* own door in an extraordinarily j abort apace of tame. It is stated that his hair resembled tbe ' quills upon the fretful poteu ' pine' to an extent thmt dc£edboth brash and 1 comb to make it aswiina its original condition \ until the state of nervous agitation into which !he bad been thrown by the apparition bad somewhat subsided. We expert to bear before long tiiat Constable Donegan has succeeded in exorcising this unquiet spirit, and that ba, she, or it. as the esse may be, hi safe in the custody iof Corporal Smith at the lock-up." <At tbe City Council meeting to-day l Councillor Hagedora will ask the Mayor i whether, in his opinion, this is not an opportune : time (or the establishment of a Mayor* Court iin the city, where all offences against theOorpo -1 ration Acts and breaches of tbe city by-laws I might be tried, without reference to tbe Police I Magistxate? CoaneiUorWigg will move that the j City Surveyor be and is hereby instructed to I report to this Council whether, in bis opinion, iit is necessary to protect the foundations of the Albert Bridge by «beet-piling, or any other pro cess, to ptevent damage accruing to the bridge from the action of flood waters; and that he be and is instructed to refer his report on this sub ject to the Arbitrator, in order to obtain bit opiiiia3ix frlwrpott- Councillor' oToties will mm mat, in order to keep pace with tht tunes, im prove the appearance of the city, and display to j greater advantage tbe magninoant buildings i lately erected and about to be erected in King | William-street, it is advisable to continue that ! street in astraigbt line through Victoria-square, and that a poll of the citizens be taken to sane - : tieo tbe same at an early date. iAt the Millicent Police Court on Tliurs i day, August 28, before Mr. T. J. S. O'Ualloran, SJf., Captain Boaoh. of the ship Windsor Castje, bow lying at Bivoli Bay North, charged Claris Henderson, Charles Pbalberg, Charles '■ Tbomberc J. Thompson, W. Williamson. John ! EricksoD, Peter Franks, and John Smith, sea men co board his vessel, with "continued dis ' obedience to orders, illegal refusal of duly, and refusing to rejoin the ■hip.'* Mr. Grondy, who | appeared for the drfenrianta.cantended that the I infonoatiou discionod no legal offence, or that ] if any were shown there were three separate i and distinct offences, and that in consequence the information was bad. The 3.M. agreed, and dismissed ***? information with £5 Ss. costs against tfiA Anmjifa jnanf^ gift^ftmmfwiing thft mftn at the same time to rejoin the ship. Tnis.after consideration, they 4'M'lif"^ to do alleging (states the Border Watch) that they were abo minably treated on board *■"** insufficiently fed. The captain then bud a fresh information egainst them for refusing duty, to which they all pleaded guilty, and the 6J(. had no option but to sentence tiiem to one month's imprison ment in tbe Mount Gambier Gaol with hard labor. Much sympathy is expressed for the men at MjJlicent and Bivoli Bay. and Hie SJL, in sentencing them, said he considered the- cap tain was equally to blame with the —«nnw " A rather strange circumstance occurred the other day in the Assembly of South Aus tralia," writes the Melbourne Leader. " Mr. Boucant, the present, and Mr. Bom, the late Treasurer, differed on the question of unex pended balances—the former insisting, in oppo sition to «je latter, tbat ihey repreasnfcei the votes of the Assembly, ought to have been ex pended, and jJwinU not be taken *«*ii*-. for in the financial statement of the foUowing year. Mr. Boss took Mr. Boueaut's remarks on the subject to heart, and co the latter afoaed to refer the question to a Mr. Tomkinson, a Bank Manager in Adelaide, and give a dnmttin? of £10 We. to any charity should his decision go against him. Tbe members of the As sembly resented this appeal from then to an outsider as disrespectful, asdit surely caaaot be regarded in any other light. The only appeal of any value is chat nade to the (Mas body of public opinion as proposed by the plebiscite. Unthinking opponents say that it U degrading, we know, bat it is easy to ■bow that they are Mistaken; for what does it amount to ? lake the caw of tbe Council, when it reject, a Bffi on the ground which it Is bound to take, that public «pinion has not been clearly expressed with regard to tbe aeasure. Tbe OouneU was willing to pass payment of members if con vinced that the constituencies approved of it. Now, had the plebiscite existed there would have been the moans of ascertaining public opinion at once, and the question would have been settled. If public opinion is to be the arbiter with regard to political question* let us take the most effective means for getting public opinion expressed." In their prospectus the Committee of the Adelaide Art Union announced that the draw ing had bean arranged for tbe purpose of pro moting a taste for fine arts in South Australia, and that the prises would be carefully selected from the works of resident artists at a fair valuation, but from an inspection of the pictures selected as prices, now on view at Mr. CulleyV Gallery, in FlindatMrtreet, it would appear that tbe drawing was chiefly es tablished for the benefit of Mr. Charles Bill, the hon. Secretary of the Union and teacher of drawing at the South Australian Institute. Of the prize pictures, some 16 in number, 10 are the work of Mr. Hill, for which a sum of over £180 has been paid—a* leaat-if the Committee actually paid tor' the -pictures the prices affixed to them, which it is presumed is tbe case. Nor is this ihe worst of the matter, for some of tbe pictures named have been purchased at an excessively high figure, as any competent person will at once know who compares them with pic tures of tbe same price distributed by any English Art Union. In justification of our re marks we give the following list of the prize* with the prices affixed:—l. View of George town, Bill, £40; 2. View naacGeonjetown, mil, £40; 3. Wreck of the Admella, HiU, £30; 4. Native Wbrley on Park- Lands, Hill, £25; S. North- terrace (water-color>, Hill, £30; «. For rest and Party. Hill. £10; 7. View at Brougham South, Hill, £5; 8. Lake Scene in Cumberland. HiU,£SSa.; ?. and 10. Two landscape* by If-. Hill.both priced above £3; 11. View near Hagill. Hood, JOS 10s. (a very nice picture bat rather cold in coloring); 12. Ivy Bridge near Dover. , Badford,£3; 13. A Drawing, fiadford,£l 10*.; ! 14.landstape(crayon),Hambridge,£2 25.; 15. View on the Ueuse, Hambridge, £2 10s. This is a copy. It would be as useless for the Com mittee to contend tbat with a sum of more than £200 at their disposal they could not obtain a ' better selection of paintings than the one spoil which they faava expended tbe money as for them to "*««"*??" that tbe collection is in any way representative of South Australian art or artists. The Rev. A". Kaibure, a native aninister from Fiji, who, with tbe Hey. Tbos. Williams, has come to South Australia asa deputation on behalf of tbe Weakyan Foreign H!«fr-w. de livered a sermon at the Areber-street Wedeyan Church, Korth Adelaide, on Sunday evening, September 1. The Cburch was crowded, and seats had been placed down the aisles to afford the necessary accommodation. The sermon was given in the Fijian language, and was snosiated sentence by sentence by the Bey. Tbos. Wil liams. The speaker preached with great i fluency throughout, and when forcing an argument home he spoke with neat rapi dity and vehemence. The Bey. Thos. Wil- ' liams apologised for Mr. Kaibure, as he was suffering from a severe cold, and would in consequence have to curtail bis discourse tbat evening. He also ttmted that ia his capacity as interpreter he had not tbe slightest knowledge of what the speaker was going to say. Tbe text chosen was tbe ninth chapter of St. John's Gotland the third varse-" And Jews ; amwered. Neither bath tbiotaan sinned car hi* parents;" but the rererendgentleman intimated that be wished to confine his remarks to the latter clause of tbevrne. "batttet the works of God should be made manifest in him." j After referring to the parable of the bealmg o! tbe Wind man. be said tfae cause of thebUnd ness was tbat God bad willed it to. Tbe* might j ask him bow could be a colored man toll them of these things, bnt be would say they bad the same thoughts as bis hearers, and the sasaa Saviour who dkl to free tbeat from sia. Tbe young man in the parable was born blind. Well, they were all bora blind as far as r~ ritual mattsrs were concerned. Though ir Heavenly Father was waiting and willing to iuupiy them with blessing*, they were groping their way in utter darkness, and were unable to reach them. He remembered two blind men in Fiji who made np their minds to •teal • eanae, and co wrat down to tbe water at bight and got into the boat, each at a different end. They commenced paddling, bat one paddled one way and the other another, «o tbat when momma arrived they bad made no p. •>■ grass at all. He had used this illustration that tbooe present miglit beware of bring in two ssinds; their evil inclinations sroulj poll tbc-m one way and their good feelings another, bat if they placed their faith in Christ His power and love would sustain them through all time. This evening there U to be a public masting in the same cburch, at which both members of the deputation are to apeak. Tke following particulars of an extraor dinary career are given by the Beachport cor respondent of tbe S*tk-&uter;* a*r:—~ The adventurous life of Percy B. Barker, who is un dergoing his month's imprisonment in Mount Gambier Goal, is a most extraordinary one. Taking bis own words for H. during tbe civil war in America he was appointed by the Federal Government to the command of a gunboat. Some short time after bis taking command be declared in favor of the Booth, and four Federal men-of-war were sent to capture bin; he held out for four months agminnt these ships, although bis gunboat bad only four goat Finding it im possible to capture him the Government sent four more ship* ajsuuthi?L He then perceived that it was bopeleaa to contend against eight ship*, as he hu only one gun for two abipi, so one dark night be slid down over the stem by tbe painter of a boat that was hanging there, made for the shore, leaving gunboat,offioers,aud crew to take care of themselves. A Urge reward was offered for htm, but he escaped capture, and afterwsrdsobt?ined tbeeommand of agunbsat in the service of tfae Argentine Republic; but be soon waecooipelkdtodearrt that owing to buaerioody committing himself in a pubUc- housa brawl with the commander of another gunboat, whom be asserts be shot. He that had to levant mas: precipitatrly, and what he appears to regret more thrall, leave his lady love behind him. He then contrived to make Us way to ""gl"^. and whilst at a loss what toengags in, he fell ia with tbe ptopiietur of one of those steam 'llound-abouts,' and cominc to terms with him accompanied him in his travels for some time. At last by mecb&ent; be heard of the death of Uenecai Hill, who had loft him a targe sum of money, which he duly received, and then commenced a career of wUddcbauohery oothe Ooutinent. He contrived in an incradibly •hart space o? time to run through the whole of the money, and again found himself on his beams and deter mined to become a veterinary surgeon and quack doctor, but got himself into trouble at starting by killing instead of cmriue the cattle he wan prescribing for. Not ■ueesedin? in this line, be had to fall back again to before tfae uiast, and now be is in gaol. Perhaps when liberated bis fertile imagination will enable him to invent some plausible means of getting at tbe Australian public. If be were to write a full account of bis eventful and chequered life and have it published it might pay him." On Saturday morning, August 31, Mr. T. Ward, JP.City Coroner, held an inquest at tbe Destitute Asylum on tbe body of a. man named George Venables, about 53 years of age. who was found lying dead at the door of Dr. Map's surgery, Brown-«treet, on Thursday uiglit, Augiist 29. Price Charles Jervia, ac countant, living at Stepney, said be fcnesr de ceased a* afoppa about! three yeaca ago ; alao knew him at Greeoock. He wai a man of in temperate habite, and was known as Dr. Venables. Witness did not sea him for about twelve months when be saet him iv town. Found that be was living in the neighborhood of tbe rost-Office, and was practising as a doctor. Last saw AefetmeA alive on Xbuader morning. Believed him to be thoroughly des titute aad homeless, sleeping at tbe willows or anywhere. Did not think deoaased had any relations in the colony, but knew that he bad a daughter living in Melbourne. Did not know vrfactber dewawd waa irregular iv his habits when in town. Dr. Mayo said about 10 JO on Thursday night he went to his surgery dsur ia answer to a violent ringing of the belL Saw deceased lying on the steps and a man standing by his side. The man said " Here is a man lying very bad." Witce*s told the man to go and get m. policeman, <Ji«nH?g prrhapti that de ceased was tipsy. The man then went away, and witness procured a light. Heaxd deasasol groan, bat on making an "■"•riiT?tinn found him to be dead. The man who was wish de aeajed did not return. Ham s?ade • Mst •wrtm examination,and fooadthe braintofaa congested. ISmlwi^faatt, and other oama* were also roMratfd Cut —t At il ill it. Shaftm* was nnnsfarslly large, as va tfae left ventricle of tfcebeart.Thertomar^oatitaiiirtaquantMy of liquid like groat. Them was .twni alcohol OTiisssotK poison. OwsHar that «-th was eaosed by ■unnhjay. Then were • few swmtahw on the Csos, which might has* hosa caused by the faU. Fran* Harms* Holssrlaad said be assisted to remove tfae both/ to the f-| **ia —n ni Hii njsuli f ITr FTrj i Ts« polise had made ewary auilusriw to Sad the man who was with the dewed at Dr. Maye's dose, but witbo?tsaocess. Tim fiirt iiilsssi. mnslLiil, ■aid deceased's daughter lived far a time at Oreenoek, but left for Malbaantt ia company with a Mr. and Mrs. CuUingford. The /my returned a verdict in accordance with tits medku evidence. The Supreme Court will ait in Banco and in Equity this morning. Tea and public meeting" m7l be beld at lheOhriatiMC^apd,Grotc-strc«t,thi*«v?B:-:. A meeting of the residents in tbediatrict will be held at Mount Pleasant to- day to con sider ttie easiest gradient and bast rouie for a railway to the Murray End^e. Tfae first rail of die Adelaide, UnW, ar<i Milchem Tramway will be hud by theOhmrma? of Directors, Mr. Wm. Towaeewi. M.P, n*?- Cbance's Comer, on the Ccley-rsid, stmM to-day. There was a very thin attendance at Whiteis Boc ns on Saturday evening to witeem Mr. Bsinford's gbost illusions, but SMtwisfa •tanding tfae meagre patronage the performers went through their work with cpirit. and were applauded by those present, who enjoyed the entertainment. There was a good attendance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday awenrng, wham '•Ivanboe" was repeated with great success. Tfae piece ran very smoothly, and the audience expressed their appreciation by load aad fre quent applause. Tbe same jpiee? will be le peated for the sixth sad last tune this evaswf. A meeting of the North. Park Football Club was beid at Mr.Grafe's Coffee Booms on Thursday evening, August 39. There were ; about 30 members present, and Mr. D. 3. Kek wick, the Captain, occupied the chair. It was decided to bold a color match for a ladiss' bag to dose the season. The colors for next season were fixed as bright brown and blue, and win be imported specially from England. Demonstrations in Conner-:ion with the celebration of tbe inauguration of the Bight Hours movement are to take place to-day. Tfaereistobeapicnieatt?ai?x?ibitiaa Bald ing, to be followed by a ball at tbe Towa Baa in the evamng; also a sririisi at IK-***-. ] Grange, near Paradiaa, aad one on Te..3W Island. The adwrtia-wenss which have ap peared have afforded full information respect- j ugUktsc gatherings. A meeting was held ia die *. ammblr Booms, Magill, on Friday evening, tocacsidsr j the formation of a Cricket Club a*4 a resrev taon ground in KagiU, Mr. A. B. Murray baring kindly agreed to place a nortam of km property at such a Club's disposal. Mr. U. ; r-obnnoe was voted to the chair. The dob was duly inaugurated, omesrs wore elected, aad other matters dealt with. A number of ssasaham j were enrolled, and it waa decided to aslant aafa seriptio?s for the proper layis* oa* of the ground. ! The " pioneers" of the eight boon move- ' mn.t at l'ort Adelaide, in order ant to offead either division of the party in the city, will bold a demonstration of their own to-day. A marine excursion has been arranged, with a picnic at Torreos Island, and every effort seams to have been pat forth during a sbsrt time allowed for preparation to make tbe a?air a I —poms. Hrnsmtwls will frequently ply to aad from tbe Maad, bands an enVsgel, sports pro vided for, and ia brief all kuadTof amWmeuts planned. < The sixteenth of tk* aeries of popular concerts at tfae Town HsUtook place **Sat?7 dsy evening, Aogmtll, when there wm another exceedingly Isrga siiwlitl. Tbe spscial fesvbsreeltl?B usublH was the organ rariSsTof SigMor Giorm,snd the tart of these was perhaps thai which wan first gjvan-ths overt™ to "Beaurami?." BsmiuTs rapid 'and brOlmwt music was played from memory bj Stgnar { Giorxain an alaaort fauHteas aaaaaksr.and the ! effect must have been to many quite a revdatioa i ofthepowersofthr organ. The orchestral effects ! ware magnificently reprod jead by the Sigaor, i who received qatto an ovation of applansi, which he gracefully acknowledged by plajmg anethsr compc rtwn. Signor Gtona aLw per formed a selection from * Bobarto U Diavoto," an<l the grand march from "Taaahaaser, tbe maaic of tbe poet-composer Wagner being specially appreciated. An original fantasia entitled -.Souveair of Italy," introdneiag the \- C^rDivalofV^ier.^wssilMsotirttllyT^ered, anti the Signor's playing m every cats was eutbusiavHealhr apptaoded. Mr. C. K. Momme sang ~ Tell aae, Mary - with tasts. aad ats* api^nred with Madame Robertson in a deet, Tarigi o rara," from "Traviata.* Madame Bobertoon was particularir enVa«n« hi sgrand roodo from "Loria." and a cavatia*. "Ah. force c lvi," from "Trariata." Am amateur who prefers to bo known to the public as Mr. C. 8., gave a violin solo with variations, aad displayed no *~—-^-r tafent in tbe performance, bat apparently be is not ac customed to appear before a Urge aadienoa. He seemed to be rather nervous, aad made the mistake of tunmg his vjo?n oa tfae platform, which, be should know, U specuuly dJaagrassMr to xensittve ears. The setoetioa.- Aye MsrU," with organ and violin obligmto, was quits a failure. Madame Bobertson aang wed, bat she i rioiuibt seemed to be confused, aad tbe whole thing waa gone through in anything hot a creditable manner. Mr. C. B. has evidently conudenbfe skill, bat be waste ■ Uttit, nm conndenee. Tl?- cooeert was, with the one exocpticn referred to, a gnat smew. MneH credit is due to tbe Mayor for having iattitataa a series of entertni nmeota that ace doing ct much good in educating tbe musical taste of the A useetinjr of the members of the South Auetntkn Yacht Club was held at tbe Ship Inn, fort Adelaide, on Saturday evening, August Sl.Cummodere Bundey preaidinc. Therewas a fair attanoanos of meuibeia, snast of whom appeared ia anifurm. The following new sosm bets were elected by ba?ot:—Dr. J. T. Toll. Messrs. B. 8. Honey, A. Le Mfsuiiat. T. F. Mcllor.Oeo.PUyfair.and A.S. Broad. Eight —-—tt rii 1 r sn tiimrinatril Tin nnminaiimi forfrcahofioenorOammHteeaMnweiereeeived, aothattbegwitlemen at present iv os?ee wOl retain their positions. The fixing of the opea ing day of the season was left to the Oosmnfttae, it bemg understosd that there was to he a km eneoa. The Commodon: again brought forward bis proposition for building a Club boat, saying be would very much like to see in t%e posses sion of a number a good beamy yawl, with or Ji nary mainmU. foresail, sod jib. aad said tbe cost of such m boat would be about £100. It was decided tbat the matter should be farther eon- ! sidered at a f atore oseetutf. Mr. B. J. Sparks was appointed to assist the Oaeietorf in his duties. Tbe forma] liiisjiiimi In ins eon duaea, the maetiaf reaeived iWf uto ore of a social character. The O inn—in lan in troduced to the members of the Yacht Olaba number of the Kensmgsoa Cricket dub, who had attended, at his invitation, to gfvesesse songs, glees, tic. Mr. 8. J. Skipper having read an amusing paper, entitled - The Cruise of tbe OtetailwrDS,"1 a number of Mugs, duets, glees, and choruses were given by the visitors. One or two of the yaefatcmeu also piped a little, hot unfortunately most of tfae Club ««s«Tt were absent, not being able through othsrsneage lueuta to get to the meeting The visitors, how ever, made up^for their aequatie friends ami gavesasaeeanUal scnciag,wb*ca was thorougfaly enjoyed. A graceful and pleasing eaeaptisaeai was paid to the Comnwdore by the visitors, who aesnopenmgsongaadeharugaTO*The£ephyr," and Mr. Bundey in prapoenkg tbe toss* k tfae ■' Kensington Cricket Club." feelingly acknow ledged the cumpiiasea* which Iwdteen paid to the Club and himself br the niton, a^ex preased tfw hope that that was onlr the first of many simitar meetings. The smtiaatnl was Lesrtfly drunk, and apprum lately rsanmiih fr to by Captain Gibbs on behalf of the atensiaWten Club. Mr Crooks, who tmitnAiSSSSZ service during tne evesdof by seaosanaaving thevocahstsonthe haisMsiinsm, ajavc "Saatem to the South AnstraUan Tacht OUb,- which toast was enfhusissHrislly slnmh by the risttom. rtatiuethrtl«w«« B ,^d?n t mAer.,S l-sb^maUrtmfbtata.amr.tte K^BaingtonOlubar^eoriWouTwfihtne. •fc^r"*"/ wmmrnktm The nsteo me smowleds^^konrtear.aa^unfamtiantaa theaemhets of tsKTsd^Ofohtos^tonitasi?T ■aatehes. Tfae part* than fatnfce mf. fanrmg rrnit s mnrt sajsjilijii waning 