REVIEWS. THE NATIVE TEIBES OF SOUTH AUS- . TKALIA. This is the title of a work just published by Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son, which pre sents to the reader accounts of the abori gines of this province, written by a num ber -of gentlemen who have had special opportunities of observing the manners and customs, and: the physical' and mental characteristics of the original possessors of thiB country. B; is handsomely bound, and illustrated bv a number of excellent plates, representing, native dances, dwell-; ings; and ceremonies. The Ilev. G-eorg^ Taplin supplies a lengthy and iighly in-; teresting account of the Nafrinyeri, in which general appellation are included the tribesof the Lakes Alexandrina and Albert, the : Lower Murray, the Coprong iip to Lacepede Bay, and the country, from the Murray Mouth to Oape Jervis; The natives of the Adelaide and Encounter; Bay tribes are dealt with by Dr. Wyatt, -formerly Protector of Aborigines, his re marks being basedprincipally upon materials supplied by his official reports. Mr. H. E. A. Meyer gives the results of his obser vations of the Encounter Bay tribe. He writes in a terse, easy style, and supplies curious particulars of the superstitions of the natives with regard to death and a future state. The Rev* C. W. Schurman's article on the Port Lincoln natives is espe cially valuable, as there are some habits: and ceremonial rites distinguishing the' tribes all along the western coast from those j of Adelaide, and to the eastward towards Victoria- and New South Wales. Thai 'practice of circumcision,- and a more e:±-; traordinary operation /that Eyre and bthefrj writers '{among them-' Mr. Woods, %'ho! contributes the introduction to this book) } describe in Latin, indicate a special affi nity between the savages along the sea board from Boston Harbor to the Bight, and those in the Far North. Concerning the : latter, Mr. Samuel Gason, police- trooper, i furnished a great amount of information in a publication edited by Mr. George Isaacs, which is now included in the woik we are noticing. Mr. ; Gason spent some years in the North, and has evidently taken great pains to become acquainted with the character and usages of the blacks that he distinguishes as the Dieyerie tribe, whom it was his duty to protect or bring to justice as the case might : require. The vocabulary he has constructed is an evidence of great industry on the part of the compiler, and lays tinder great obligations to him all to -wish to study aboriginal philology. As bearing upon the question of the particular affinity of the i western to: the northern tribes, we j observe that the same word, 'ninna,?J [ is used by 'both to signify 'thou.' Mr.' Schorman's list of words of the Port Lincoln dialect is very, brief, or doubtless we should see other instancesof identity or great similautf. We. must specially notice the introduction to this work by Mr. J. JO. 'Woods, who has made the aborigines of this colony, a subject to which he has devoted considerable study,' and he has .suc ceeded in conveying in. a very, readable and instructive chapter as much information respecting the ~natives~as 'could be com pressed ,'injto ' the ? space he hes al lowed -? himself.- fMr.* -Woods -prdperly denlores the neelect.of) our Government to take any thing like adequate means topre-r serve records of native traditions or the aboriginal language Jin ^anything approach ing to a perfect form. With some of the dialects it is now' too. late.' ' The Adelaide tribe, which forty years_agp mimbered 300 , £puls, .has long passed away,- and halfa dozen other tribes have disappeared leaving not a trace behind. There were - some ; remarkably fine 'men among the blacks who in the old days' camped on the Park j Lands. Among them were the powerful and ferocious Tarn O'Shanter, whose fearful ? yell atlhe corroboree was Bever'forgotten .by those who-heard it; the cunning and wicked, old ; savage, Rodney ; Bang : John, with his three wives, who were well known to the citizens of primitive Adelaide.' His Majesty's native.- name is given by Dr. ; Wyattj but the original appellations of the other two colored notables have passed into ' eternal oblivion. ; There are some matters in which all th« accounts contained in this book, and as far .as we remember, all other books concerning ?the Australian aborigines entirely agree, land foremost among these subjects we jmay mention the horrible impurity of. the Batives in their general habits, and still more so in some iof their particular customs. The women of the tribes about Adam Bay and Port Darwin are said to be perfectly chaste, bo are those on some of the islands in Torres Straits, and, we understand, in New Guinea; but over all Australia, with the exceptions we have mentioned, there seems to be no idea of such a virtue. It can hardly be said that the whites demoralised the natives in this respect, for before Europeans came to these lands tb^ blacks weTe so sank in moral depravity th itthey could not reach a lower depth*. iSome of their practices are never described in print,* except in a dead, language. The whites, however, were the means of spreading certain diseases more jwidely among them, even if they Sidaiot introduce these maladies, and the mortality .from: this cause -was at ope time very great, though Mr.i Woods, we observe, ^eprnB .rather fiaclinedito. differ fiom ,this opinion. Colds and consump tion, arising irum.wet blankets ; measles, wlhooping cpngh,. and, either, epidemics in trpduced i»y the whites, iieiped to sweep atvay the small and scattered black : popu lation; and' probably, when through the y game being driven block they had to travjel ' further and found children a great burden there was an increase of infanticide. Some ' persons who have studied' the subjeqt Bay the numbers of the natives were ^duninisn- , ing before the occupation of the country by Europeans. There can be little; doubt -' that smallpox made fearful ravages among them about fifty years ago. : The accounts which the survivors give of the disorder, the great numbers who they say died of its attacks, and whose skeletons may be dug up in scores about Point Sturt and other burying-grounds on the Lakes, and the many natives that were to be seen with ' pockmarked faceB in the early days of the colony all point to this conclusion. j Whether, independently of this scourge, the aboriginal population was. decreasing before the white invasion is a question open to difference of opinion, but there is no doubt of the rapid disappearance of the race since that period. Mr. Taplin believes that this proeess may be arrested by Christianizing the -natives and teaching them morality and temperance, and he bases this belief upon his ex perience at Point Macleay, where since 1869 he has TecoTded 150 births and 162 deaths. This is not encouraging, but Mr. Tapley remarks that while many natives have been brought from a distance^ to die at that Mission1 Station, 'the births have been the offspring of. residents in the place.' The existence, however^ of ', the; natives at our Mission Stations -is to them very artificial. By a sort of aparadbx they are like exotics on their own Boil ; if the care of the cultivator is withdrawn'they: will rapidly fade away. 'Were tne Miana-: gers of the Point Macleay and- Pddnindiei Institutions and theijj assistants to leave; their charges to take care 'of them selves the buildings would . become; dilapidated, the ground would lie waste,; and the live stock would be scattered. Ini all the forty-two years since the colony was founded the blacks have. not produced a: mechanic, and there is. not one now who. without European assistance could build a decent hut for a shepherd or make a pair of boots. These melancholy facts are quite consistent with ouv knowledge that Mr.! Taplin, and other real friends of the, aborigines, have, by kindness, tact, good example and instruction, taught many, natives to respect them, to live sober, decent lives, and adopt habits of industry,, as far as they are capable of exhibiting thatj quality. Many -persons have supposed that the; Australian natives' -have, /no idea of a' future state or of the spirit world or super natural agencies, but this is a mistake.: Their notions oh these subjects aTe various,: and 'naturally enough grotesque and extra-; vagant- but often hignly imaginative. They: have their demons and their good spirits ; j ghosts that make night hideous1; sorcerers who-work incantations or : practise deadly ; arts. The 3iome of the good blaekf ello ws | who have died iB up in the skies, according : to the opinions of some who are still in the ? flesh ; while others believe this world is to j betiieir future place of abode, and that! their spirits will inhabit other bodies. ' The belief that 'when blackfeliow; tumble down [die], by-and-bye jump! up whitefellow,' is familiar to many; old colonists who have conversed with '. the aborigines about such matters. Not- ; withstanding differences in dialect, and ??. in some of their customs, the natives are j alike in most matters of importance. In the slavery of the women, marriages and ! betrothals, universal immorality, infanti ride, tatooing, songs without meaning, , ceremonies for which they can give no : reason, weapons, style of warfare, supersti- . tions, forms of revenge, modes of hunting — : in all these there is wonderful similarity, ; though in some particulars there are varia- \ tions caused by differences in the character of the country and the ganie, fish, or ' vegetables .it produces. .: The natives ' have their chiefs,- though . probably ? the power of these potentates is com- '' monlj xatheT limited.: The book before I us gives information on all these matters, i and is enlivened by many anecdotes illus- ! trating the dispositions .of the natives, their ! habits and superstitions. Their doctors are apparently most arrant impostors, but the faith of their dupes is. absolute and un questioning. The native legends , and tra-r ditions are icuTipus, ; and when not too absurd are really poetical. Much' of this work is hifitoricaj, and furnishes particulars of the early collisions of Jhe whites with.' the race they have dispossessed. It will well repay perusal, giving, as it does* a tolerably lifelike picture of the noble savage. Mr. Taplin has succeeded in his effort to make the Narrinyeri live in the imagination of the reader, and the other writers whose contributions: help t© fill , up the volume have done much to preserve ! to us a fairly accurate impression of a race ! fast hurrying on to extinction. _ ? *. * ? ' ? . ' * * ?'? 