-$ox00m0olia. An Australian Faiey Stoet. BY DONALD CAMERON.. Author of ' ScrijxiponV ' sitwrioatcr Jtoid,' etc., tic. DEAR CrittDREN,— I can see you all on this pliasaut Christmas afternoon. Tho ciders aro playing cricket on the parched open, the younger aro romping under the shade of the gum trees, or BlmuborinK on the grans, fearless of the slimy snake that may b« coiled not fat off. And the gluttons of the flock, who bavo partaken too niuoh of the tempting tart or the dyspeptic plum-pudding, stricton, Who must hyberaate a bit before they ere able to frisk about. Well, dear boys and girls, it is too warm to exert oneself on such a day, and, therefore, come and gather around me, your innocent faces all wonderment, and listen to a pleasant fairy tale, all ' about Australia, and with none of those torribl' ghosts and phantoms with which your cousins in England are now being regaled, while tented round the roaring; fire listening to Grannie's tales, ' Afraid to whisper for the f»ar Of something terrible and near.' It wasn't many years ago when Harry Smith gave up city life and took up b seleotiur. in a wild part of thn country where the soil was good, the water plentiful, and the forest deep. A great brawny man was Harry,- huge of limb, kind oMjearr, strong of muscle, just the kind of man we want in this new land. And be hud a loving, hard-working wife, who made the journey of life pleasant to him, and two handsome children, Willie and Bessie, who were ten and eight years of age. Their parents loved them, and iof an evening, when the work of grubbing and ploughing was over, and tho clearing fires burned brilliantly, husband and wife sat in their hut and taught their, children whatever they knew themselves in the knowledge of this world, and reverently interpreted to them the teachings of that sacred book which should be a guide and a - lamp to our feet. And a bright, peaceful life these Rood people led. Willie and Bessie never tired of roam ing in the forests,' searching for 'flowers and ferns, seeking in vain to catch a glimpse of -the melodious bell-bird, whose glorious song, heard in the receasea of tbe wood, of tatatete ye-wattee, was like a siren voice tp them, now having a vision of the strange lyre-, bird, then catobing it sight of the swift kangaroo, as it bounded by, or looking, for the nests of the roBeiias and cooka tooa. In their wanderings they had dropped across many windfalls and picked up several pets. There was Mag, tbe magpie, whose existence waa spent in a cycle of curiosity, alternately pluck ing ' up young plauts by the roota to see how they grew, and hiding every thing that she thought valuable, from a pin to a big apoon. It waa thn children's opinion that no creature in the world could cock an eye and turn a head so shrewdly aa Mag, They found her a featherless, disreputable-looking nest ling, just fallen out of the nest one rainy day, and brought her home, she becoming their first pet. Maghad been taught some nnuglity wor-)s by tbe man Harry employed occasionally to help dim, but several douses of cold water had cured ber of the failing, and she was careful never to indulge in the prohibited lingo except when at b safe distance, and when engaged in encounters with pro datbry crows, whose tln-fts Mag cordi ally hated, though herself tho biggest thief that ever walked upon two lefis. But Mag, no doubt, resembled some servanta, who scruple not to rob their master, hut who fly ,inlo a terrible ?Mge if others poach upon their preserves. Next to Mag was Cocky, the cockatoo, and between the two no love was lost, though each united in common Warfare against poor Til'by, the toi tuispsbell cat. Theao two would wa'i;h puss until they saw her stretch herself on the doorstep, in tbe sun, to hav« a nap, and then both would peok at her, and fly off to' the palings and shriek with delight. Cocky whs the drollent of all birds, and went about imploring everyone to scratch bis pull. Occasionally bo would wander away, and, after an absence of a day or two, return considerably damaged. Ho would bo very silent «nd sad for h while, and would mope on his porch, occasionally ?jaculating, with muuh fervour, ' Poor Couky,' In addition to the.so pets there wore fowls, dujss, parrots, from the plnin but intelligent rosella to the gorgi'ous but dumb king-parrot ; a native boar, who slept all day, and two unique creatures, Joey the kangaroo, and Pipit the kangaroo rat. Joey whs a dear, quiet thing, with great, mild eyos, who followed the children everywhere, They saw a beautful lizard. and over whom Rover, the intelligent oolley, kept watch, while Pipit had to be kept in a box, and great was the diversion he gave. He was fed on bread and milk, and it would make the most surly mortal laugh to see bim sit up on bis hind paws and wash his face with bis paws as daintily as alady. Well, I dare say you are asking where is the fairy. Wsll, children,' learn ,to be patient. I wanted to show you how happy Willie and Bessie were, and how naughty it wns of them to become discontented with their lot. This is how they became discontented. They were never allowed to enter a dense wood at the back of the hut. This wood exer cised quite an infatuation over them. On dark nights they stood at the back door and luoked out into ite gloomy recesses, and wondered what creatures made their abode in it. On ruooulit nights they watched the strange mingling of light and shadow, the waving of the branobes, and shuddered as they listened to the deep sighs of the breece as it passed through, the 'mopoke, mopoke,' of tbe night-owl, . the sharp ory of the dingo, and the mournful wall of the curlew. ' In':daytimBv especially in summer, how pleasant: seemed 'its cool recosBes. - And, Jet; 1 warrant much' of ite charm was owine to its being for bidden to thorn. They inherited Eve'e failing. ? . ??? One day their parents were burning off rubbish on the land cleared for the plough, and the two were sitting alone under a, tree, with their pets all around them— Cooky engaged in an encounter with the oat, and Maggie industriously hiding pebbles, under, the : impression, perhaps, that they were diamonds. ' : ' Couldn't we just go a 'ittle Ht in F' queried Bessie, lifting her sun-browned face to Willie's in a pleading way. Oh! woman, ever since Eve, the tempter. . '. 'Mo, Bessie,' said Willie, ' we can't, father says he'll beat us if we do, and mother aays tbe blacVflll kill us.1 And you know that Nanny, tbe old gin, 'said that the Great Tree Spirit, Ooroombolia, lived in there.' ' ?? -' ' Oh,' Bold Bessie, with a great show of shrewdness, 'I : don't believe what they said. You know mother told us there was poison, in those bottles father brought from town, but it was syrup.'- 'And didn't we get^properlylicied for trying it F' anked Willie. : :? : i. r :..i s 'Yes; but they won't find us out this time,' urged Bessie. 'They won't 'come borne till;the aun is going down.'.' ; Nowj if Willie bad been very strong on the point, I daresay lib would not have jgirtn in to Bessie, but he wasn't; ie waa i lust us Vsger us bis sister, onlv his didn't I liku to show it. Selfish ftllow, like Adam, oe thought if anything wrongoatneofit, \- and tbeeacapade was discovered; be would ; be able, as Adam did, to tlrow tbe i blame on tbe girl -And so, after a little ; further argument, he gave in, and pre tended to follow her reluctantly, when in reality he was as eager «a herself. i It was a etill, hot day ; no wind blew, no clouddimmed tbe deep Wue sky or its golden horizon; and yet' the warmth was not oppressive, for, tho heat was dry, ' and there wab no miasma or moisture in the air, which was clear and pleasant to ! breathe,' though attenuated. In the I forest there was a deep shade, a pleasant i silence, a great souse of rest.' The birds -bad taken to nbelter in. tbe thick foliai^e of the cherry and apple trees, and the iioiny voices of tbe magpies, cockatoos, and other loquacious habitants, of tbe wood were silenced. Tbo cicada Bang, it '. in true, but with a nubdiied chirp that ' seemed to make a part of the silence Only now and then the sweet notes of of the bell-bird swelled upon the air, and ' its aerial melody enchanted the ear. The children wandered on through the wood bond in hand, looking out for the wonders which they expected to find iheie. But there oaiue nothing. No tigre peeped out from bebjnd a tree — only ,a kungaroo-rat, disturbed in its neat, 'juwD&d; 'up before thoiii'. * No old orone. On child's flesh intent, hobbled up— only 'a groat black snake, that lay on the path, uncoiled itself and rippled away through the grass— that, I think, is the best term to use for the movement of a suake. : It was refreshing for the children to oomo to a small watercourse that ran through the wood, cheerily singing as it passed over the pebbles and stones. Tbe day whs «6 warm that Willin at ooca proposed what is known in the country as a ' bogie,' that is a bath in the limpid stream, and he bad half undressed, when, on the other side of the little rill, be bi-buld a graceful lizard basking in the sun. Surely novor had gem such oolours, for as the sunbeam^ danced over it, blue, gold, green, flashed out dazzlingly. Uessio peered over Willie's shoulder, and Willie was working up his courage to grasp the pretty thing, when, presto ! it seemed to fade, and in its place arose a blue-winged butterfly. The children had no hesitation in running after this airy creature, and, heedless that they were bare-footed and in dishabille, off they started' to catoh the lovely thin?. The chase was not long, for the butterfly alighted on the grass, and in its place appeared a beautiful parasol flower, richlyorimsoned. The ohildren wereabout to seize this when it vanished, and there was only a dry fuzzyheod, as a kind of daisy-like flower is called, the seeds of wliioh are contained in a fuzfcy kind of heid. ' I wonder where the pretty thing's gone f' queried Willie. 'Where all Fancy's children go,' said a deep voice; and, turning round in affright, they saw a tall, black man, who was watobing them with a venomous look. 'I was the lizard, tbe butterfly, the flower. Ye are like older ohildren, ye fly after what is pretty and bright, and leave solidity and safety behind. Under that guise I lured you into my dominions, and ye are now mine, mine. . , '!Bnt you must set them the task,' said another . voice, and,, looking round, the children. saw a golden-haired lady, wonderfully Yeaemhling a wattle-tree in blossom, if it had- features and form. 'I ahum them as mine; the children of the wattle blossom.' The boy and girl now saw that the black man vastly resembled an iron bark-tree. 'Not till they do the task,' retorted the Spirit of tbe Iron Tree. The ohildren looked with astonish ment around them. Every tree, shrub and plant, appeared to have become ani mated, each a human type of the species. The graceful myall danced in the sun shine, the sombre she-oak drooped like a mourner, tbe gnarled red-gum seemed an old, toothless, rickety beldame. The larger trees seemed ogres, eager to devour,' and the smaller cowered at their glances, save the wattle, who stood guard 'over the children. 'The task, then, the task!' cried the Wattle Spirit, with a wave of her hand, which diffused a wonderful_fra grance. ' ' ' : 'If is,' cried the Spirit of the Iron Tree, 'that they will f etoh me the choicest thing in this wood within two hours. Gol'' ? ' The wattle seemed to pity the children, but appeared powerless to help them; ana bo ihe poor little things had to go their way. What could : be the ' most precious thing they knew not. Willie thought it was gold, and looked for grains .of the precious, metal; Bsatie fancied it was the loveliest flower. Long .they wandered, until the aun sank behind: the hiUa and the glorious light of the moon fell noon the wood, creating lights and ahadpwa marvellously .beautiful. . The children were about throwing themselves down in despair, when the trees again changed, and there were the iron-tree and the wattle. ' Well,' cried the Spirit of tbs Iron Tree, ' have you found the choicest thing in tbe forest f' The wattle seemed in great pain as the watched the answr. 'We have not found it,' said Willie, looking up with honest eyea. Tbe Iron-Tree gave a great sigh, aa when a storm passes through ita branches, and became -at onoe»i tree, and nothing more,' m did the ether*, aave the wattle. 'Yea, you have, children,' ahe said, with a benignant saile. ' The choicest thing iu this wood is the truth.' 'They are here— they are here I' cried Harry Smith, hounding to the aide of the little atream where Rover was ; barking joyously at twp sleeping forma cuddled up, in each other's arms. 'I know tbe dog waa right.' V Heaven be praised 1' oried hia wife, her face illuminated with joy, aa the moonlight streamed upon it. And ahe kissed them until they awoke. 'Oh, father,' criei Bessie, 'we have seen ogres, and gianta, sud fairies, and the tree spirit Oorooiuoplia.' : . ' And what did they teach you, sweet one f' he asked, as lie duped her to hia breast and made for home. ' That tbe choicest thing in the wood waa truth, father,' replied Bessie. ' Then, child, they were from Heaven, for the ehoioest thing— not only in this forest, but in the world— is Truth !' i The Jcbt amb tbs Uwjtjbt.— The igood man slammeth the gate and bang oth the door, and maketh a noise, for his heart ia without guile and he feartth not the grievous words of bis wife ; but the naughty man abuteth the gate softly, and stealeth upstairs in hia atook ing feet, and stuuibletn over the rooking chair, and the last condition of that man is worse than the first. 