IT is a very noteworthy cmmmsfaince in toe coarse of bnmtm affairs, . when the phQo-- sophere, who andertake to settle everything by force of sheer abstract reasoning, are compiled to own tbemsdves beaten by iwra. »r neuever wis mines, one u pns in mind of tbe nnmeroos diecoverers of the eecret of peipetuai inotioii. ' These wonder ful geniuses, In the fall confidence that the grand discovery has been made at length, construct their machinery, which is to exemplify it in action, with the greatest care ; everything is prepared ; nothing more is seeded, excepting that toe wheels are to begin spinning which are never to cease spinning whilst the world goes round. Bat jast at the very moment when expectation is wound op to . its highest pitch, the wheels of the marvellous machine refuse to move at all. Instead of perpetual motion, there is none whatsoever. The discoverer of the grand secret is con strained to confess that the only thing he has trnly discovered is that be himself Is a fool. In the very same way, those theorists who are continually reducing ell homan life, 1 and all homan experience, to defirAssnd infallible rnlee, which tbey nickname science and philosophy, are obliged to admit, in the' presence of hard facts, their own utter fisOnre. This weak affectation of universal wisdom and infallibility is soundly ridiculed by Thomas Carlyle in several of his works. He bears hard on the professors of what.be gneeringfy designates "victorioOB analysis by which tenn he indicataa political and ecommiical philoschy of the last century In . Eorope, whidi was to have accomjrfished everything for man kind, but In fact . accomplished nothing. When the great outburst of -the French Bevolnticn came,1he philosophers and their systems were both swept clean oat of existence. It is the same with the political economists of our own time, , and especially with colonial political economists. Their, theories, am all' veiy exact, very neatly arranged, very admirably reasoned oat ; bat they have one capital defect — they won't Stand the stress of facts. Sud denly and unexpectedly there arises a European war, a cotton-famine, a faUnre of the harvest, a monetary pan or some other worfd-ahakmg evenVaiid in a moment afl the fine-spon theories are Mown to atoms. . User, we by no means Intend in thrae ob servations -to deny that a saence of politi- cal eeonomy Is posuble. We folly adihlt' that there are certain, fixed -conditions in human society upon which a soeirtific basis m&y; be constrocfed, and that there are certain concfampnB-ordedactioBswpring- ingfeona to>e. verified in given ciixnnutitocesU Bot 'wh9t' !e do desyifi diat, in ! infinite icomplao!y cf boman aSaik, it is passiHe to jsy lown; cafes, principles, and coijdosiona eo exact' that no infraction of than will ever take ' place. Wie deny that any philosophy of homan flairs can ever be so framed axito mtotjeveryposublevsriety of drcemBtanm) and the' record of the world's daily life affqjnkT abnndant jrocrf of the correctness of tafar position, be illustration lying neareAito hsnd is that iff the existing paralysis inihe manufacturing industry of the North of England. A few days ago we dealt with this subject, and we enumerated some of the waneee that have prodoced the nations! disaster. Since then the English msdl has brought us files of the home papers, and we find in the Timet almost the very same fine of reasomng followed oat. ; The stagnation in the cotton Wade is granted, to begin with; the qoestion is, what has caused it? Oar contention was, as our readers will remember, that the calamity bad no connection at til with the question of free-trade or protection, bot was dae to causes lying outside British trade and com merce, and quite beyond the calculations of political economy or the -control of the nation itself. This is precisely what the Times Insists upon, (> The indastrial crisis through which the coon try Is passing, it writes, "was brought on by a complica tion of causes, which the economical en quirers of the fatnre may be left to analyse completely." Jost so! Bot what of the economical enqnirera of the present? Why are lktg not taken into coontol ? Why are their philosophical theories set aside so coolly and so contemptuously ? Was there nothing in all the writings of JOHN Stuart Mill, nothing in the library of the Cobden Clob, nothing in the numberless volumes of toe English economists and French p&'fo- sophes, which plainly showed that the great cotton strike most come sooner or later, or which indicated a remedy for it when .it shoold: arrive? Let our -readers observe that the single sentence we bave quoted' from the Times plainly intimates that, for all present purposes, the political economists and their books are worth exactly nothing at all. It is toe future economists alone, that are appealed to sb authorities on the ; causes of the great Lancashire cotton dis aster of 1878. But the leading jooraal goea, pb to.ebumente " a few of the jn ore salient elements " that have conduced to bring about toe catastrophe. There was, first, an < extraordinary and nnnataral inflation of1 business; secondly, the .bankruptcy of foreign countries which had borrowed largely and recklessly from England;- thirdly, deficient harvests during < the past three yean; fourthly, toe war in Europe; fifthly, "the civil dissensions in France. All these causes have combined to alarm capital and check enterprise, and' thence it comes , that the Lancashire mill- 1 owners have foondthemBelvespverweighted and uhhble. to carry on their operations on the old ecaie. .As our readers willrecollect, the very same, list of causes, In substance, was enumerated in these columns the other day.. But'the main point to be noted is that there is not the least mention of free-trade or protection in all this.. Not. toe smallest influence either way is attributed, to the operation of toe free fiscal system of the mother-country, or the protected trade of some of those countries with which she carries on an extensive trade. The Times is rijght. The writers of the leadiDg articles we are quoting from are men whose acquaintance with the ecienee of political economy on the one hand, and with the conditions of English trade on toe other, is Bimply per fect. No material element of the question can by possibility escape their keen scru tiny. Let us, then, hear no more of toe shallow nonsense which reduces all toe con ditions of prosperous trade in one country to the simple circumstance of its possessing a blank tariff, and all the conditions of dis turbed industry in another to .the one fact of its possessing a protectionist tariff. These, we 'grant, are factors in toe problem ; but they are only factors, .and they are insignificant in their effects when set against a host of other csnses. A long coarse of over- trading, an inflated currency (as they have in America), a succession of bad harvests, a great war, toe bankruptcy of foreign countries with which the nation has large transactions, the unexpected stoppage of supplies of raw material, for a specific industry1' bom abroad —all these cantos" act, and act powerfully, on toe course of commerce, the operations of trade, toe expan sion of industry, the prosperity of the people; and they all ought to be taken into account when writing on these topics. Otherwise toe writing is but vain and empty speculation, which fails to pieces at the first touch of facts. It is toe theory of toe discoverer erf perpetual motion, which proves itself to be false and valnelees the very instant it Is put to the test erf experi ment. If any mischief had been done to the colony by the Ministerial policy, evidence of it would certainly be found in the returns of the Custom House. It is in that building that the records of the imports and exports are kept with scrupulous exactitude; and therefore it is in the statistics of that branch of the public service that testimony of the decline would be discovered, if anything of the kind could be furnished. A community cannot be badly governed without both the imports and exports bong checked, any more than a bank, shop, or manufactory can prosper under mismanagement. In all each cases a visible decline of prosperity tanst happen where negligence is displayed, or a want of honesty or ability characterises the in- tonal arrangements. Now, we have be fore m a very eaggeative document 'with reference to this Subject. It is entitled " A General Summary of the -Imports, Exports, Transhipments, and Ship ping Betarns, of Victoria, with toe abstract of Customs Revenue and it deals with the year 1877 In. a. manner which, we take 'it for granted— emanating, as it does, from toe Customs Department— will not be regarded in any other fight than as a most genuine and reliable production. And what do we find set forth in this State paper with regard to toe imports and ex ports of Victoria doting toe past year, for the greater portion of which Mr Berry and his ccrfleagues were in office? 1 Why tine— that a larger increase of both imports and exports occurred doting 1877 than-, hop- pened 'io any previous year, since 1873, although disturbances abroad, end a eevere drought at home, were at work to cause a reduction. The gross value of toe imports in 1877 amounted to £16,862,804. and the exports to £15,157,687 ; while the value of the former in 1876 was only £15,705,853, and of toe latter £14,186,487. Hoe, then, is shown an increase dating 1877 in imports- of £$>4,951, and In exports of £961,200; and no other. two years once 1873— the extreme past date to which this M summary " refers — will produce anything like life same favorable comparison. . Taking the imports first, the increase in 1874 over 1873 amounted to £420,180 ; white in 1875" there was a decline of £268,111, and in 1876 a fallingrtiff occurred of no less than £980,341 from toe gross value erf toe pre #msyqarr.'fw<Hni!fhil'hft6. M the increaseiri 1877 was £654,951, that year was certainly the most favorable Gne of the whole five for Mt oAafyihioip orta.'Afi thejahoyeignras prove to demonstration. Turning now to the exports, we find much the samejstate of things brought out by this statiNticai! table. Thus the increase jn 1874 wSkohly sa0fiss.imaBm ifiwifcerefSSM decline amounting to ?£674ilS5,fSnd a. fwfihg - off also-i occurred iln X($6 to the tone of .£570,487. The incmsse in the ekports during 1877 amoimted to the large sum of £961,200 ; and therefore that year was quite as favorable for exports -as it shows well for the importing -branch of, the Bnbject- . Now, it is constantly alleged that the policy of- the Berry Go- vernmeot is bringing this colony to rmn. That policy is said to he impairing trade, de stroying credit, and unhinging society almost to the very core.. But toe above figures completely give toe lie to this scandalous and ridiculous statement, because they show that trade has been greatly'improved, instead afdepreBsed, dur ing the last twelve months, and that no evil consequences -have followed to thecom- mumfy .by.the dead-lock,,or from all the straggliog there hss been over the con stitutional question.. _ On the contrary, commerce- was not in' ; anything>iike so favorable a condition for th® previous four years ; and thiB fact, is made' the more remarkable .by toe . unsettled state - of the tariff' daring, 1877, , winch , of course had a tendency to check both Ihe im ports : and ' exports for-; that time. We need not add Anything to &e; foregoing to show themteoable fiction which underlies toe oft-repeated statement that the Beery Government nee, upsetting trade, destroying confidence, and impairing tbe very stability qfeodety. There Custem Honse retums tell quite toe ;ppppsite tale to auythiiag of .the sort; and there is no -doubting the authenticity of the pabulum which they supply for the purpose, f Yesterday, I>tinM9ihi«nnirenar7 of Her Majesty ;t>irth-d»5$> a«4 generally observed;, as a holiday- by : the luHjfOfss people in both city -and- -toim, -arbo betioJr themselves to plea- snre in various ways. Finer wesfher copld .apt have been dtired for outdoor recrea tion, and evBiyadjribtage was taken of the cir- chmstaiwpja'.YbB lake and gardeos were veil J>5suisa,« goodly number of persons being pre sent w'intnesi the scratch -four events of the City Rowing Clob, and several pleasure parties pic nicked at the Gong Goug Reserves; but the great attractions of the day were the foot- ban matches, between the Balls rat and Mel bourne clubs, at tbB .City Recreation Reserve, and the Hotham "Suid Albion at the Saxon paddock. There were large crowds present in both -instances; and the greatest enthusiasm prevailed. The Exhibition Also drew a crowd of visitors, but reports of the proceedings in these events will be found reported-elaewhera.'' The city hall bells-did not ring out tire noonday peel as usual, from some cause or other, bat the ringers made up for this daring the evening. The np-coantry trains brought a large number of visitors to Ballarat, but the de partures vrere ebout on a pu-witb the arrivals. In the evening the Academy of Music was well-fllled, while the Exhibition bad also a large show of patronage, and the Mechanics' Institute, where Mr Roberts gave hie recital from "Nicholas Nickleby," had its quota of visitors. Altogether, the amuse ments were varied and popular, and the Queen's Birthday passed off very pleasurably. The injustice inflicted npon suitors and the local bar by having only two assize courts in Ballarat during the year was yesterday brought under toe notice of bis Honor Mr Justice Barry, who in timated that be would like to attend oftener, as be always derived pleasure from his.yisits. But tbe injustice is made more apparent when we state that, owing to tbe prior arrangements of his Honor, he will bave to attend tbe Supreme Court on Monday, leaving the cases already set down for bearing either to be postponed for another six montiiB, if tbe litigants do not prefer to change tbe venne to Melbourne at a large additional expense. But besides this grievous wrong done to suitors, witnesses, and jurymen have been put to great per sonal inconvenience and loss by being compelled to attend tbe court for the last eight days, without any resnlt but expense to the suitors. Then again, if we are only to have a couple of assize courts a year in an important centre like Ballarat sandy time should be allowed in the circuit ar rangements to get through the necessarily accu mulated business, instead of the presiding judge having to leave before the work of tbe court is completed. A protest ehonld be made nt once to the Government, and every exertion made to remedy the present mi satisfactory state of things as soon as possible. We report elsewhere the Fire Brigade competi tion, which took place near Melbourne yesteitiay. It will be seen that the two Ballarat brigades tyed for fourth place in toe competition in hose prac tice for the Britannia Fire Association Challenge Cup; Sandhurst City winning the cnp. Tbe Sandhurst men did the work in 57 seconds ; the Ballarat brigades in 58£ seconds. Ballarat City carried off toe prize for hose and ladder prac tice, a telegram to that effect having been received by Fireman Peters at the City Fire Brigade B«n last night. During thernn-up of the (Sty men for toe cop, Fireman Darpy fell over a boy who got in the mad, and was stunned for a time, bnt be does not appear-Jo-have heen otherwise injured. Tbe taatatow!'i>)$jnyiiiK s hydrant, was won byfijprp. of'Ballanrt, jtiter a cioae contest. Wq udtjeretiuid that a memohoh is being signed in tins tqw£ praying the Executive to spare tbe life of rRicEard Heragbty, now lying in the Ballarat Gaol>hder sentenjs-qf 'death, for tbe Egerton tf the jury having recom- men dedvtfm hythjifege for mercy, when returning their verdict.' We are glad to learn that young Spfilman was restored to bis father's home yesterday, and there fore the search party which it was intended to organise this morning is no longer necessary. It appears that the lad wandered as far as Meredith, and walked ail the way back from that township yesterday, reaching Ballarat abont three o'clock in the afternoon. -The first night he slept under a bridge, and toe next in a hnt at Meredith, where he was very kindly treated by Mr Nagle, on whose station be obtained employment, on toe recom mendation of a man who found him wandering along the read. The wanderer was met by Master Wilson in Start street, and restored to his parents about five o'clock. A fire just now, with toe greater part of our firemen in Melbourne, would be a more serious matter than usual ; and when the bell rang ont yesterday afternoon its warning notes, it caused more than wonted concern on that account. The firs was in Mr Beaumont's drapery store, Start street. It was first noticed by Mr Whittle, who Uvea next to toe store. He observed smoke issuing from tbe premises, and instantly despatched a boy to the engine- house to give the alarm. - Fireman Peters, who was in charge iff the station, was soon on toe spot, and bad a sown of water into the shop, where toe fire was, apparently, and Mr Abrahams arrived on the scene with the Post Office red, an entrance through toe back:Window was effected by Senior-constable Laverton, bnt great difficulty was experienced in ascertaining the locality of tbe fire, every room bring fuUef smoke, bnt no fire being visible! When tbe smoke cleared, it was fonnd that the fire was under the counter, through which a large hole was burnt The fire was confined Co a very amaU -apaae; and little damage was done by it, but water has injured -toe stock very much- On throwing out the stuff that had been partially burned, some matches were found in the place where the fire occurred, and it is sup posed that a cat, which was heard making a great noise in the place before tbe fire, most have in some way ignited them, and so caused the disaster. Mr Beaumont and his family bad taken a trip to Lear- I montb, andthere was no one in the honseat the time. The honse and stock were insured in the Norwich Union and London and Lancashire companies. It is very satisfactory to know that, most of our firemen- bring absent, soch effective steps were taken by Mr Peters, Mr Whittle, and his- neighbor; for, bad tbe. fire gained ranch hold npon tbe premises, all -that Mock of buildings from Doveton street to Dr Jakins' residence would bave been in imminent danger of bring burned down. Tbe May Assizes came to a close yesterday, without the list bring finished, and consequently there was a great deal of grumbling at the arrange ment. The suit of toe Bank of Australasia v Cotchett and Others, as directors for toe Austral asian Company, for £6000 on a promissory note, terminated, as will be seen in our report, by a verdict bring given virtually for toe defendants. A notice appears' in the Government Gazette of Thursday, promoting Mr G. F. Barlrop, clerk of courts at BalUret, from the second to the first class in toe ordinary -division of tbe civil service. This promotion is .preliminary to Mr Bartrop . leaving Ballarat to fill i a -similar position in Mel- boume. — - Yesterday morningja woman of bad repute, named Mary AnheWTIkie, was seen at the Western raflwlre vitatidn with a new portmanteau in her 'ifspiBfeil.'' ,#ho were on toe etstionj -rriiaembeiing that tme similar had been stolen" on' tab prerions day torn .Mr 3. Tattle's fancy repository,' sejst fOTjum immediatriy! He 'reri«itpOTCm<riWbytoe trade naiks<m it,«oa the woman was accdrdingly ar- rested on a charge of baring stolen it. In the portmanteau was fonnd 80 yards erf silk, value £7 30s, which was -trtftfa farT,wt- L Higgina' Establishment on thhjfelto.ouApnl, and a shawl, .antimacassar; sad tarn rimttwA the property of Catherine Lewis, taken from' the Juvenile Exhibi tion. Prisoner will be dealt with Xhis morning. There was a vsfy'luaraSidhnce again last nightat the nverMe ExMnffigv Tbe receipts at the -doors amonnted to £82 AASd, tbe number of persons who entered the "bail befog 2794. The usual concert was given jn the evening, and passed off excellently. ' That senseless and - reprehensible practical joke called 'ghost-playing is not altogether ont of date. The night before last, as two children (the one carrying a dish) were returning home, they aaw what' they took to be two women ' sitting 'on the edge of the footpath, and enossbd the road to avoid them. When they had passed them, they beard a strange sound, arm .turning round they : saw two figures dressed in white, with white coverings over their heads, making asdf to fay bold of them.- The one, in toejdeaperatioaof -fright, dashed toe dish Bhe was carrying in the face of one psou&zpirit;, and then the children 'tried to run off, bnt were so dreadfully frightened that they would have - been unable to get home but for. the fondness of some gentleman -passing, who took them home in his vehicle. It was some time -before toe terror of tbe younger one tsnld be allayed, and she has not yetentirely recovered from the shock eheyeccived. Persons whafare gqHLtrf- sncti criminally foolish jokes sboald be severely punished for the mental suffering those poor children, underwent when startled in such a manner. Last night Mr George. Wilson, , of Creswick, broke his leg by falling into the creek whidh runs along Msir street. It appears that Mr WRisom was making his way to toe railway station, 'in order to take the train for Creswit£j when he missed his footing ahd fell, receiving toe above accident. He was taken to toe Hospital afterwards, and his in- - jnries attended to. ; At the meeting of the committee of the CJty of Bsllarat .Free Library anABeadingrmisnk, held on. Thursday night last, the tender of Messrs Taylor and.BUis was accepted for alterations arid repairs to the premises, to. make them suitable for reading- room purposes, it is expected that toe Improve ments will be effected in about a . fortnight, when, toe rooms will be thrown open to the public. It pros also decided that toe 9th of November (Prince' of Wales' Birthday) be the fete-day of the institu tion, and that' toe inangnr&l; -demonstration be held on that date this year. The secretary reported that several leading citizens had promised donations of books as soon as tbe library was ready to receive them. It was resolved to 'advertise In tbe locsl papers, to solicit subscriptions and donations of books, periodicals, &e.;, or any other contributions .suitable for the reading-room or library. The weather at Clones yesterday was dull, but fine ; the shops were All closed, and a good many people. kept holiday. Flags were hoisted, and, although the volnnteer rifles did hot master and fire toe customary volley, toe load whistles of the Port. Phillip Company, as has been toe practice for the last twenty years on the Queen's Birth day, were set going tor five minutes, at -noon, in salute. ' , A meeting -of exhibitors at the Juvenile Ex- hibitionahd toe representatives of the local chari ties will be field at the Buck's Head hotel this evening, at half-past seven o'clock. Ia another column will be found a fall cast for " Genevieve de Brabant," toe opera in which tbe Soldene company appear on Monday at tbe Acs- demy of Music. This opera has been one of toe most successful performances of the company during their season in Melbourne, and no pains will be spare to make it a success here. We are requested to draw attention to toe fact that tbe subscription list closes to-day. and that tickets for all parts of toe house will be on sale at the ' box- office, Academy of Music, on Monday, from ten to four. Mr Mattbew Burnett will preach in tbe Aca demy of Music to-morrow, at three in the after noon and seven in the evening, when collections will be made in aid of toe Town Mission funds. A summoned meeting of Conrt Little John, 3326, A.O.F., will be held next Tuesday evening, at eight o'clock, for the nomination of officers and other business. The result of the rifle match at the Ballarat butts yesterday, between Ballarat, toe Naval Reserve, and Carlton, was a victory for Ballarat by 60 points ; the Naval Reserve being second, and Carlton third. A fall report of tbe match will appear in our Monday's issue. Messrs T. G. Crerar and A. B. Clemes, of Stawell, are gazetted justices of the peace for toe western bailiwick. The Bev. J. Barningham will improve toe death of toe late Miss Roberts, in toe United Methodist - Free Church, Peel street, to-morrow evening. Sankey's hymns will be used on the occasion. The Age is authorised to state that there is no foundation whatever for the assertion made in tbe .Argus that the Governor had received an or. before toe 23rd January, or at any other time, " some thing from the Colonial Office," indicating that the reductions of last January had, j made a stir." There is no truth whatever in the other allegations in the same quarter, reflecting on his Excellency's conduct daring the crisis. Oar contemporary farther learns that the Governor regrets that comparatively few of his despatches bave .been published iq England. He did not present them all to the Colonial Parliament only because it was impossible for him to know how much of the cor respondence the Secretary of State desired to be published. But his Excellency has now suggested that toe entire correspondence (including his "confidential" despBtches) should be presented" to Parliament, in -which case we venture to say that his critics and censors will find the dilemma they have already got themselves into. -by -toe rashness and precipitancy of their pre-jndgments very con siderably increased. Under toe suggestive heading of " Watching one another," a Sydney contemporary (says the Telegraph) publishes toe following: — " The Rus sian war vessels Bsyan, Haydamak, and Vaad- nick were still at Yokohama on the 15th April, where considerable excitement was csused by their presence. There were also lying at Yokohama tbe English war ships Modes te, ASgeria, Juno, and Kestrel." There was a large shoal of trevalla (says tbe Gtdosg Advertiser ) in toe bay on Thursday, and tbe anglers who assembled at the wharves were kept busily employed. The average hauls for toe day amounted to a couple of dozen fish each, bnt of course, some of the skilful fishermen obtained a larger number of trevalla than those who were not such adepts with the lines. Tbe shoal travelled first to toe Yarn street wharf, and them to tbe railway pier, tons canting toe anglers to shift their fishing grounds at occasion required. The representative delegates who have been left in Melbourne to give effect to the resolutions of tbe Cable Conference have not yet (says the A rgvs) concluded their labors. Mr Berry and - Mr Burns met Colonel Glover again on Thursday, and mads some progress. The principal point dealt with was with regard to the penalties to be. imposed in the event of toe two cables at any time not working. The" provisions of the agreement are now so far advanced that in aU probability Colonel Glover will be able to telsgrapb them jo London, for toe approval of his directors, on Saturday morning. Tire Chief Secretary (says the Aye) has charged the Commissioner of .Public Works withtite re sponsibility of providing reproductive employment for a larger number of men, and'h&s; agreed to ad vance money for the drainage of the Butts Und, Albert Park, which will more than compensate for the outlay by tbe advanced price that srfil be ob tained at auction for the building sites In -that locality now ready for sola Mr Patteraou, with a staff of professional officers from ton Public "Works Department was op Friday morning to take the levels, and, if found practicable, . peg out toe wort, so that 100 or 150 pick and shovel men may go to work on Saturday morn ing, at the current rate of wages— 6s 6d per diem. Mr Patterson has also exercised Us powers under tbe contract far toe new law courts by calling upon the contractor to doable toe namber of masons and bricklayers. This can be done by advancing the Milestone portions of tbe building. The insufficiency of the supply of freestone from Tasmania has hitherto seriously delayed the pro gress of toe work, but the contractors are rpaki"g arrangements to obviate this in future by the pur chase of another quarry in Tasmania. The true remedy will be found in future in adopting ourown freestone from the Grampian ranges either at Stawell .or Dunkeld, at both of - which places splendid samples of atone have been found, and the supply is unlimited. The largs contract for Par liament Houses will also be pushed on, so that It is gratifying to know that the Government have with promptitude arranged to alleviate any dis- i tress that may exist from want of employment through toe action of the Council in throwing out the bills for toe construction of the national wprks that were sanctioned by the Assembly. Some time ago (writes the Geelong Advertiser ) the Post Office Department agreed to allow cir cular letters containing printed matter only (with toe envelopes opened at both ends, so that the contents could, befxaminad -jf. necessary) togo by post for Id. The boon was appreciated by busi ness men, who sent large numbers of circulars to their customers ; but toe concession has been abased to such an extent that toe Postmaster- General is about to .take steps to prevent further imposition on the department written letters have been sent through the post for Id each, and the senders have merely cut small pieces out oftoe ends of the envelopes, and toe post office officials bavenotbeen aMe. -to inspect the contents. In future the envelopes containing printed matter only will have to be open at both ends, and their contents secured from dropping ouhritimr by bring , pinned or tied with string. This nodonbt, save many persona an nirtflrssant visft from those whoeegfoty It is jMttaejBjkt the Pest Office is not defnpaedjrf revwpfc. A sad accident fame jMollg depress) bap-,, pened at Eddington MWedn#aayMgl d, by wbich-j two livee were last Jytd&wnij7-.vit;,Yhat of Mrs. Johnson and her eon, who was retafebig hrime from 'possum shooting, and when near the house fell into tbe dam which wsa.ydote by, and, calling for brip, attracted bis mother's atten tion, who, with a lighten her -hand, was hurry ing to the spot, and in her excitement Tan or fell into the" water, and, altbongh dosely followed by her husband, who narrowly escaped also getting into tbe water, was -drowned before he could rescue her. : The .two deaths casta gloom over the whole neighborhood, sad much sympathy. is frit for the bereaved. The Pleasant Creek News says the Minister of Mines has decided to reinstate Mr Bate as mining inspector for the Stawell district. Several vehicles laden with wheat from Drnng Drang, Bapsnyap, Lallat, Manna, and other ppf country districts, reached Stawell (say toe Pleasant Creek News ) on Thursday. The owners report toe conn try to be looking excellent They state that grass is plentiful, the ekriy-groWn gxgin is looking strong, and cattle in'Iair condition. They also state that there are still large parcels of wheat -op country; which, if the . weather keeps fine, will shortly be delivered at StawelL 