THB CHINESE AND THE FAMINE IN CHINA. TO THB EDITOB. Sir—I once heard an anecdote which very aptly illustrates the present prejudice against all the Chinese. A crowd waB gathered at a corner,, and a thoughtless person, wishing to alarm them, called out as a harmless cur passed by, "A bad 3og! a bad dog,!" As r a result the majority sought safety' in 1 the Swldest flight, whilst a fewmopre courageous ones sfeyea. topnt the poor WnimRl to death. *'.Giye a ddg a bad name,' and yon may ai well hsing him."^. A few .thoughtless words, a few inconsiderate' charges, and a whole nation obtains a notoriety bf which the arch fiend himself Would alaibst be ashamed. On Easter Hftnday I addressed a letter to you protesting against-the- 1 injustins of making charges; pf the' kjnd referred to by person8 addressing promiscuous crowds met for electoral purposes,"and by one or twe editors of papers, and I asserted my belief that those charges were not .only untrue, but .also .made witha view of currying favour with thepersons addressed, or, in othfer words, with a motive. Even if all thatfhas been brought up against the Chinese Were trae, It is a niost dangerous thing to try and arouse popular dislike e gainst a clas? or - body Tof people, as .witness the trep^ment received ^by a small body "of Chinese at! tart Port tbe other day, whose only -crime-was4hat they were engaged b^WlBuropesh to do certain work for him. - But I wish to write in answer to Mr. Hanton and to one <fr two anonymous correspondents, who pretended to -combat^ meJby repeating the slander^ referred to. The first "person wishes to know' who am I, and"he desires to be acquainted with a great-many things Irrelevant to the question at issue, and U^grawal^jsuperficial and impertinent. Ashe Wis polMenough to sign his naite "T^ will do him the faviur to explain that J do • not advocate the""" introduction" of Chinese. I do not like them ? and have no doubt that the police "in Mell^ourne could show -a stranger over places^frieqoen$ed by Chinese in that city nearly or qurte ""as *bad as could be found in " New Jerusalem,!' at the Port, or in some places in the 1 cltv of Adelaide. It is of ho use mv repeating tny 'own observation about ihe character pf this people, but Iiaay be permitted io mention that the evideo® of a gentleman now festdifig at' Glenelg,'rffio has recently travelled over a great part 'of China and Japan, quite coincides With the view advanced by me. If in California all the! dotnestic service is rendered by Chinamen" to the total exclusion of .wlnte'mensnd women, who are wanting employment but cannot'obtain it what kiud ofpasters and mistresses must they be'who would employ these fiends incarnate, (according to fepifrt) in lien of "their own flesh and blood and tpngtie ? If they crowd 16 menin a 12f^et8qu6re rpbm, how is it that all the maxim's of hygiene Are upset, and [they continue alive and healthy ? ' If they live upon rice and slops, how So theylninage to work so hard. and cany heavy burdenswhich no white man is capable of bearings' It iB. absurd to make assertions rsuch as have been, made, which wlll not bear , the scrutiny'of the most ordinary intellect. But Whilst dieprfecating these unadvised and dangerous assertions, made by persons who really know - nothiug of what they are talking about, do not let me be understood , as advocating that the Chinese or other foreigners ihopldbeimported without any restrictions. Weshouhi insist that every ship starting "for our ports paving on board a certain number of passeng^tSrsay ten— should include amongst them a percentage of the female sex, and tbiB should apply to all vessels, whether English or foreign; Thus we should avoid any appearance of impartiality or injustice, for it would be manifestly unjust in us to close the ports of a country which wo have recently " acquired" against the Chinese whilst the war- ships of our mother country wtre lately engaged in compelling that people to open their ports to our traders in opium and others. With respect to those who attributed interested motives to me undet cover of ncms . de plume or initials, I can only say they must have very Superficially read my letter, and thus' _ completely misunderstood it. As to the insinuations, 2 care nothing for them, for whether .the<3hiceae come here or whether they stop away .will make no difference to me. Now, I will come to the point of this letter.. Some of my friends advise me that I should make answer to those who wrofce against my vindication of the Chinese (as a nation^ not ss individuals) lest the public shouldimagine that by not answering I had admitted that the charges of lying, cheating, thieving, immorality, &c.;, ivere proven against them, aud thus iu-jure the noble effort that will be initiated this day to render aid to the starving millions in China. This would be a most deplorable result of "my wellintendtd epistle, and one "which would be a never-ending source :of sorrow to, me. Whatever maybe the faults of those Whom we have nmoLgst-os, whatever the errors and sins of those bf whom we read in other countries the poor mortals in China are dying for wan+« of food, whilst we who hear' the same impress of common'humanity hkv£ plenty and tc spare. Could we see 'a dog or." eveh a tiger suffer the torments of hunger, and nipt |5ut forth a hand to relieve the distress? How touch more then when it is men and women and 'poor little children, who are looking with hungry feyes, and : gaunt,. famine- stricken • frames for a jporsel of that food with which' an Almighty ^Providence bas provided ns .in such'abundance!. . Ije'tus consider the straits' they ^nust'tJe reduced to when mothers forget, in the madness of thtir'distresa, , the : sacred instincts of -maternity, and devour the flesh' of. their own ofopriug to satisfy the cravitg for food ; when'tlie grass' of .'the field, the bark and leaves of the trees,"thfe thatch of the house, and the. dead bodies of these who have fallen by the roadside are consumed, and then the poor wretches, tuning the if despairing eyes around, at last' abandoning', all' hope, of prolonging existence, lie dowii and' "girid up the ghost. I say iVis~a pitiful sight and-a pitiful thought that these ^hl^gs sla^Udjibe; and I do trust that the_pe6ple of South Australia will forget aJJi that b^s, ^geneanlfither agaiust or for the Chinese,_and only remember tfnt they tre men and hrptlierp, that they are io orgeat need of food..sndjBiiB8istance, and, remembering this; help with thpji ^lob^e readi^S8 --whi?h has always characterized rtiie, fend;- na^ anl liben 1. people of tjbia ,cqlony. t .,,.,,; -, j; Kent-terrace, KentTofra/Mag; TBE OAHPEBHOWK IAAABAKTS^PF the immigrants per Camperdown, fromj .Plymouth, which came into part on Sunday e?ej£ng, May 12, we understand that tbere' sw» onlyisix married, couples arid 'eight ringle men jfbo hid not tip to Monday moaiing.'iaay. 20,^Mved employment. These, however, 'it "Is expected, will meet wjtth eugag^me»^ : • ,.-•>•; .MhaA .•/Wsbi/A ,? /# ^^l^Sfe'MOtlNEUX. 