Mr Beecher' on the- Question of Endless Punishment. ;AtSBBiroN.by the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher or "Endless Punishment" has lately caused great discussion in America and elsewhere. Concurring as it does, with the sermon preached by Canon Farrar in Westminster Abbey, it has challenged the current belief of the " orthodox" on this awful subject. As the question has thus been started by two of. the most distinguished expounders of Christianity in England and in America, the in tense interest attached to it in the minds of all who think seriously upon it has been made public. And the fQllpwing dialogue between Mr. Beecher and s correspondent of .'the New York Herald will, in these circumstances, be welcome to many readers After some preliminary convocation, the cor respondent asked.: Q.-^Did you intend your recent sermon as a manifesto ? Mr.Beecher-No; not at all. The sermon was not an exposition of the subject; it was not in tended to argue the matter or even to set it forth, It did not begin to cover the ground, but was a sermon that sprung up in the ordinary course ol my pastoral ministrations. It had its origin in certain states'of mind, which I found in those under'my care' and to which I was administering. It almost might be called an outcry of hope aa against despair in the hearts of thousands for whom I was a voice. I do not regard the excitement which as arisen from it as produced by any special force that was existent in the sermon. The materials existed already for tho excitement, and needed only the spark to kindle them. My ser mon has gone through all the papers of the United States, and has raised a deep feeling in every branch and section of the Christian Church in this country, I thank God and take courage. Q.-On what ground do you now stand ? RIGHT AND WRONG ETERNAL. Mr. Beecher-I hold, in brief, as strongly as over to the doctrine of retribution-that right and wrong are not transient in their nature ; they are eternal. I hold that obedience and disobedience will for ever produce their corresponding pleasure or pain. I hold that if, in the life to come, men persist in the violation of the laws of their being, they will uuquestionably suffer pain and penalty ; but there is no evidence whatever that they will, and there are many presumptions that they will not. \1 do not think that it can be shown to be a Scriptural doctrine that probation closes with death. In another life I can conceive that the expérience of this life, which, by reason of man's physical environments and social influences, has not wrought reformation or virtue, may yet in another sphere and under more favourable circum stances bring men to a very much higher platform and standpoint of conduct and of character. We have reason to suppose that pain and suffering which, in this world, are of an educating nature, will have a stronger educating force hereafter; and that they will be continued as long as there is hope of benefit in them, - But on all this subject T would say, first, that probation does not close with death ; second, that the . end and aim of retribution, is in the first instance,'the reformation of the. individual and the safety of society round about him. . .... IS GOD CRUEL ? The continuance of suffering after it is Hopeless in respect to the individual and needless in respect' to society is simply cruelty, and I cannot conceive of any man"of a deeply moral" and reflective nature who would bring himself to believe that God will bring into life,: as- He' has, myriads which utterly outrun all computation,under circumstances in which they not only have no help whatsoever to effect' moral growth, but whèré all their surround ings are adverse and perverse, and allow them to continue under such known conditions, to repro duce generations innumerable, and then to place , them in a great hereafter where the principal feature is suffering and where suffering has ceased . to have any moral benefit, and-so continue them there forever and for ever. This is to create a department of the universe for the purposes,' simply,-of -suffering ; but needless suffering is cruelty,-and any being who inflicts needless suffer ing is tyrannical. Q:-But men say that we are not to philosophise on this subject, but to take the statement of Scrip ture? HELL, DAMNATION AND EVERLASTING NOT USED IN- THEIR EXACT SCIENTIFIC SENSE. Mr. Beecher->-In reply to that I would say that ' one of the chief questions now is, What is the statement of Scripture ? I admit that as it stands in our English version, and read through the medium of our own education, the Scripturo ap parently teaches the old doctrine. But when the terms "Hell," "Damnation" and "Everlasting" are subjected to the crucial test of modern scholar ship they do not bear out the old meaning. I doubt whether in the days of the Old Testament or in the Jewish mind at the time of our Saviour, the sharp, metaphysically accurate idea of time and duration existed. I believe that what they meant by " eternal " was a vague and nebulous period oil time, and that it was not used in a-sharp, scientific sense, but in a poetic, or, rather, in a generalizing sense ; just as we say "a hundred," when - we only mean " many ; " or as we say tor ever," when we mean simply long periods of ...time. ' A GENERAL MODIFICATION OF ORTHODOX BELIEF. And on this subject there has been an im measurable change in the attitude of thinking men within tho few past generations. It is uni versally conceded that men do not any longer, even tho most orthodox, preach the doctrine of endless suffering as it was preached 50, or even 25 years ago; To that effect thore has certainly been a great change. Other motives have been employed, and tho emphasis that once was placed upon fear is transferred now to hope and to a sense of duty; and even when men do preach the doctrine, it is taught philosophically and not scripturally. The vivid figures of Scripture are no longer whirled around the pulpit like a hail of fire, lt is usually au apologetic argument; it is an. attempt tojustily tho Divine administration.and to do this men fall back ' on the desert of sin, and the necessity of punishment : for the integrity of the moral universe. It is true that just now the pulpits on every side are beginning to show their hands, mid to preach the doctrine, but it any man-will compare the sermons that are now preached -with those of Jonathan Edwards, or bf Hopkins, or; indeed;with any of the fathers of New England," br of the Presbyterian divines of Princeton, he will see how great a change has come over those who still persist in believing in literal, eternal, conscious suffering. They are as unlike as the summer morning's dew is to the tornado in midwinter. CHANGED IDEAS OF RIGHTS AND GOVERNMENT. Q-To what do you attribute this change of opinion ? Mr. Beecher-In part to the progress of know ledge, and in part to the development of higher moral susceptibilities. The preparation for this change of view has not been any more within the church than outside of it. . The civil ised world has grown in intelligence in respect to the nature , of man and his rights as an individual and a citizen, his necessities and liabilities. The notion of government has been cleared from barbarous elements ; the conception of justice has been purified and elevated. The whole framework of society has been, at least in theory, exalted. It may be said that, in the ancient days, mankind had no rights tl)at their governors were bound to respect ; but in modern times rulers and presidents have no rights except those which are conferred upon them by the governed. A complete revolution, therefore, has been established ; the divine right is not with the king but with his subjects. The indirect influence of this upon theology has been immense, as it rims through every department of thought. Men have unconsciously changed their stand point; their method of reasoning-unbe known, perhaps, to themselves-has entirely changed; Dogmas that once were full of the sap of-faith have withered and hang upon their boughs like , the last year's leaves upon the oak and the beech trees. This does not invalídate moral government, but places it upon higher ground. It does not annihilate the doctrine of re tribution ; it spiritualises and ennobles it. It does not take away the motives of dissuasion from evil and persuasion to good ; it only renders them far more effective. There can be no greater danger to the religious world than to have their faiths in the form of dried up dogmas, and to have their real and conscious life uttering a continual protest against them. PRIMITIVE RELIEFS. %Q.-Do not scholars still insist that the New Tes tament teaches the doctrine of the endless suffer- ing of the finally impenitent ? Mr. Beecher-No ; a very great change has taken place in that respect. It has been shown that: during the first 400 years the three theories pf restoration, of annihilation of the wicked and of the eternal punishment of the wicked were held indifferently; in the primitive Church, and that no man's orthodoxy was called in question on that ground. Of the first six schools of theology it has been shown; that four of them taught the final restoration of mankind, and it has also been shown that these very schools comprised the missionary and revival men of that age ; so that the energetic portion of'the primitive Church, that spread divine truth, were restorationists. That the men who wrote and thought in the Greek language and who lived hearest to the times bf the apostles did not consider .the New Testament as touch ing the finale conscious suffering of the wicked forms a strong presumption against the accuracy of the modern interpretation of the New Testament. The exegesis also of the test passages is very much changed, and, though the battle still rages .around many Greek phrases, it is hardly possible that one should not see the direction in which the conflict is going. GENERAL'-DRIFT OF NEW TESTAMENT-TEACHING. Q.-But men say it is not so much any single passage as it is the drift and general spirit of the New Testament ? Mr. Beecher-That the general drift of the New Testament is that a sinful life and character brings men into terrible perils inthe future no one denies, or should wish to deny. ' But that those perils are precisely such as men have taught, and that they are endless in respect to each individual who passes unrepentant out of life, cannot be deduced from the general spirit of the Néw Testament. I teach that sin is both a shame and a disgrace in this life, and au exceeding peril in the life to come, and that there are elements enough of fear to rouse up the consciences of men who need the coarse stimulant of fear to induce any moral reflection or MATERIAL V. SPIRITUAL HEAVEN AND HELL.! Q.-Do you not think a plain man, unlettered sm\ reading the Scripture, would derivo from it th« idea of futiu'e, eternal, conscious misery ? i Mr. Beecher-Yes ; just asjthe old Jews natural!: inferred from tho Old Testament that the Messial was to be a temporal prince rather than a spirltua force, and yet they were wrong; just as the dis eiples believed that Jesus would come again ii their lifetime, and that they could not see deatl until the kingdom of God had come in a physical and literal sense, and yet they were wrong ; just ai many good men still believe in the second adveiil into tho world of Christ, and of the transformador of all society relations by tho coercive power of His omnipotence. In short, the universal tendency has been to materialise the Scripture; to creato n material boll and a'material heaven ; to bring to bear upon thc ineffable themes of spiritual exist ence the attributes and laws of time and matter and space. " The kingdom of heaven," Christ said, " is within us ;" it is not a physical state ; it is a condition of the soul. The kingdom of darkness is a spiritual condition, and heaven and hell are words which cover the psychologic condition of the universo. Plain men naturally tend to literaliae and materialise the figures of the New Testament ; all the worse for them, for tho master declared, " The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, they aro life." A DOCTRINE SHOCKING TO THE MORAL SENSE. Q-Do you think there are a great many ministers who hold to the doctrines of Universalism, or re storation, or annihilation, who dare not express them? Mr. Beecher-Not exactly so. I hold that a great number of most useful ministers are occupying themselves with the practical education of their people, and do not bestow a great deal of thought upon technical theology. Of tlioso who can pro foundly concern themselves -there are two. classes namely,-those :who ;are' building a . system,:the dynastic thinkers, and those , who are studying simply the educative influences that human nature' requires Those who hold toa rigorous view of endless punishment, and declare that it is a funda mental doctrine mean that it is fundamental to their system, that around it centres the doctrine of sm, of its desert, of the necessity of the atonement. 1 think their minds dwell upon it, therefore, in its relations to a logical system, and not in its re lation to the palpitating human soul. I do not be lieve that many men could calmly measure the nature of a single soul, and its susceptibilities to suffering, and the power of Almighty God to create suffering in that soul, and of a continued existence only for the purposes of suffering through illimit able ages, for eyer and for ever, .and then multiply that soul untihthere are no materials left on which to inscribe the figures, until, the swarming myriads defy all measurement or conception of the imagi nation ; then, overhanging the mighty abyss, con template the writhing anguish, the screaming agony, the hideous and loathsome suffering, the brutal indignities of sulphurous demons, the car nival of animalism, and yet be able to turn and utter the first words of the Lord's Prayer,-" Our Father!" Neither is the trouble alleviated by say ing that the penalties are not material anguish, but they are the torments of conscience, of anguish, and despair. While we revolt at physical torment, the refined and cultured nature learns to estimate mental suffering as even more exquisite and more horrible than mere bodily torment; and to teach an eternity of conscious mental suffering, after all chance or hope of reformation is gone, shocks that true moral sense which has been created and educated by the example and the spirit of the Lord-Jesus : Christ. In short, the very nature of the atonement, as an evolution of the interior love nature of God, condemns and destroys such a vision of future useless eternal punishment as a nightmare vision bf barbarism, A MONSTROUS THEORY. I can conceive, therefore, how a man may believe it simply;as an idea. Inpart of a system it is a mere logical abstraction. But how a man can look into the face of a dying child, the sweet daughter of his hope, cut off without any evidence of change, how one can look into society and see that nineteen out pf twenty are not in those condi tions which his system of theology requires prece dent, to heaven and salvation, and yet live and be happy,, eat, drink, sleep, laugh, jest, drink in the light of the sun, the glory of the springtime, walk in a rapture through summer, and believe this doc trine, I cannot conceive. When I look at it in the light of palpitating human life, if I believed in this doctrine every leaf would waft a sigh, the ground would tremble with the imagined thunders of perdition; I would be clothed in sackcloth, my head woxdd be come with tte prophet's "a fountain of tears," it would. stop all the processes of human society ; it (would say to every man who entered upon the marriage state, " Thou art a barbarian, to bring into life children under such fearful peril and risk ! " I do not believe that the reason, nor the industries .of life,' nor the sanctions of the household, nor anything that is gracious and good could long survive a real belief in these hideous doctrines. -\ EFFECT OP- THE DISCUSSION. - Q.-What db you suppose will be the effect of this outbreak of discussion ? . - Mr. Beecher-I think there will be a temporary rousing dp and^preaching of the old. fashioned doctrine by many clergymen and a judicious silence by: even many more. But it must be borne in mind that no system loi;.questions and letters sent out by religious newspapers will everjbelable^to.reveaithe secret thoughts of men. The changes that are going on, quietly, but surely, are not yet ripe. I think that men are falling off from the old doc trines without seeing their way clear to replace them withnew. But that which I,regard with peculiar hopefulness is, the application of the best resources of sacred learning to a re-examination of the Scriptures, and. to. an .examination from tlie psychologic stand-point of the whole question bf sin, of penalty, and ? of destiny. We have not yèt heard from the thinkers. Q.-Do you intend to enter yourself more fully into this controversy P ! Mr. Beecher-I do not intend to become a con; troversialist, and yet, in due time, I intend to give a further and more elaborate presentation of tbe fruits of my thought than I have ever yet done. ! I am in no haste ; the question is too vast to be settled in a day. There is more light to break forth out of the Word of God than men believe. " The night is far spent, the day is athand," aud the watchers can alford to wait patiently for the full glory of the Sun of Righteousness, which shall come " with healing in its beams." TRUTH MORE VALUABLE THAN A SYSTEM. Q.-Do you regard your position as practically severing you from tho Congregational denomina-I tion Y Mr. Be echer-That is a question which is not de termined; it ought not to. My sympathy is with it, and I individually hold the body of doctrines that belongs to the Congregational churches of the world ; and I claim that no doctrine is funda mental except that which is fundamental to tho formation of Christian character. A man may set aside a doctrine that is fundamental to a syetem, and i hold that he ought to have liberty to do so. There are many doctrines, as stated by Calvin, that I reject, and that thousands of Calvinistic ministers reject, and yet they are in communion with the orthodox Calvinistic churches. If I denied the fact of sin or 1ho desert of sin; if I denied the divinity of Christ or the atonement, I can conceive that men might regard my further connection with Congregational associations as inexpedient. But us to the doctrine of sinfulness and its desert, the need of re generation and the reality of it, the divinity of Chrisb aud the efficacy of the Holy Ghost, I am more orthodox than most orthodox men. Tho habit of my lifo has been to put emphasis upon those views which had an edu cating force and an immediate influence upon the life and conduct of men. lama preacher of life to life, and Pjúdge of things by their educating in fluence. I have never been a builder of abstract systems ; I have nover been in sympathy with doctrines in their logical relation to a system, although I have been- educated,.in ,that .way, and have a full appreciátioñ 'of Jit/JThe life'forc'e'of truth has always ' been 'tbat';which has had in fluence upon mankind; : ;? It is to hoped that neither personal feeling norsectarian and partisan influence .will be allowed to muddy the clear stream of discussion that will soon begin to flow. Tho subject is one of tremendous importance ;'it ought to have the best jud«ment and tho best scholarship of the best men, undisturbed by anger or hatred, or jealousy. There ore already in press books that will give to the public great food for reflection and there are others, preparing.. I be lievej however, that God in Iiis providence is rais ing up great moral influences in the world at large, which will give to another generation'a higher standpoint, a clearer vision and a sounder belief. BELIEFS CLASSIFIED '.' "' Q.-How would you classify the views .'on the suDject bf future destiny that are generally held ? . Mr. Beecher-There are the annihimtiomsts, the restorationists, tho universalists, and jthe two forms of orthodoxy. The annihilationisis believe that men are not by nature immortal, that all men perish except those whom Christ gives] through i'ai,th in him, the gift of eternal life. The restor ationists believe in an indefinite degree !of disci plinary' suffering in the other life, which in tho end williie blessed to the restoration of all ¡ souls to purity.and heaven. The universalists hold that at death the spiritual conditions which meet the out going soul are si ch as entirely to transform it and bring it into a new sphere of life and peace. The orthodox of the old school believe in the eternity of conscious suffering on the part of the finally unpenitent. Then there is a large section of or thodox who hold the belief that probation does not ceasé at . death ; but that, further than this, whether: it^is the annihilation of some| and the restoratiorrof some, they do not undertake to say ; it is a point on which no positive light has been thrown by Scripture. They may be said to teach that men will suffer as long as they sin,* but they do not feel at liberty to say that men will sin for ever ; they hold that the New Testament teaches,. certainly, no such doctrine as that men will con tinue to sin for ever who go out from this life im penitent sinners, j Q.-Have you observed that many , good men have expressed themselves shocked at; the irreve rence of many passages in your sermonilon " The Background of History?" |:'.i»j Mr. Beecher-That which is irreverent to one man is not irreverent to another. Certainly my spirit was not irreverent. The intensity of the expressions was but a faint measiire of the in tensity of my feelings, and the whole drift of the sermon, as well as the whole drift of my nature, was to magnify, and not to minify, moral in fluences ; to present to the hearts of men a more glorious and not a less influential view of the divine nature and divine administration, There ia hardly another telegraphMine in the Australian colonies that works so unsatisfactorily as the one from Cooktown. The-usual'thing is that the line is either down or the officials are. "From Albany, 1 in Western Australia, the mail news ÍB now flashed . through with great speed. A message from Cook town is mostly forty-eight hours in transmission. Judicious arrangements of tho press here are rendered .ineffective. The Torres Straits mailnews is nearly " always anticipated ; facilities are not offered for its transmission. It is not, therefore, to be wondered at that the commercial communities of Sydney and Mel bourne begin to feel but small interest in and attach but little importance to this route. .. i The following is the Registrar-General's report on the vital statistics of Sydney and suburbs for the month of February, 1878 :-Sydney : The births re corded in Sydney during February numbered 260, viz: -134 males and 120 females, being 83 in excess of the deaths of the month, and 25 above the quinquennial average. The number of deaths was 177, viz :-80 males and 88 females, being 14 below the average of the month from 1873 to 1877. Local diseases gave 31'07 per cent., and the most: prominent in this class were- cephalitis, 7 ; convulsionsr9 ; heart disease, 0; bronchitis, 4 ; pneumonia, 4; and hepatitis, 4. The proportion of zymotic diseeaes was. 29'94 per cent, whooping cough, 16 ; diarrhoea, IC ; dysentery, .5 and typhoid fever, 5, being the principal causes of death. Of constitutional diseases, 19'21 per cent.', the primary causes were,-phthisis, 1(3 ; tapes mesenterica, 7 ; and cancer, 5. Of developmental diseases, 14*09 per'cent., 4 deaths were from premature birth, 0 from teething, 1 from childbirth (besides 1 from1 nietria, 0 from' old age; and 9 from atrophy and debility (infants). There were 9 deaths from violence, viz :-Accidents, 8 (fractures, &c;, 6 ; tetanus, 1 ; and suffocation, 1) ; and found drowned, 1. The number of persons of the ago ,of 70 ; years and upwards ¡that died .during the month waa ll, viz :-One malo, aged 70, frompneu moniá,oneaged72 from heart disease, one aged 73 from cancer, one aged 79 from dysentery, one aged 8Í from diarrhoea, and three aged 70, 78, and 84, from old age, Ono female, aged 72, from, bronchitis, and'two aged-73. both from dropsy. Thirty-six deaths, or 20*34 per cent, of the total number took place in. public institutions in Bourke Ward, Sydney Infirmary, 28, and Hyde Park Asylum, 2 ; in Phillip Ward, Benevolent Asy lum, 4; and in Fitzroy Ward, St. Vincent's Hospital, 2. Suburbs.-Tho births registered in the suburbs during February, numbered 204, viz. :-130 males and 128;fe males, being 130 moro than the deaths, and.43,abpve quinquennial average. The ? deaths numbered 128, viz. : 02 males and GO females, being 3 more than the average of the five previous years. The .proportion of local diseases was 39*81 per cent. ; principaf causes of death - convulsions, 10 cephalitis, .4 ;". heart disease,. 0; pneumonia, 0;; .. enteritis^, 10.;and hepatitis, 3. Zymotic, diseases ,' gave" ' .32*81 per cent. ; primary causes-whooping'':cough, ll; diarrhoea 10 ; and typhoid feyer,'';GP;1 Con stitutional diseases, 12*50 per cent.;; dropsy,'5; phthisis, 4 ; tabes mesenterica, 3, &c; 1 'Developmental diseases, y38 per cent. ; of these three 'deaths were from pre mature birth, 1 from .' childbirth, ; .1 r. from old age, and C from. atrophy rand.,.: Mobility. The violent deaths were^-Accidents, 6,(drowning 5, i blood poisoning 1), andi case.of found dead (fall.from I cliffs) open verdict. The number pf f death's of .old people was 6, viz :-1 male aged 70 from heart disease, 1 aged 71 from hepatitis, 2 aged'72 from ulcers /and jaundice respectively, 1 aged 84 from old age, and 1 female aged 73 from dropsy. Tn tho metropolitan division (Sydney and suburbs) the births numbered C24 and the deaths 305, hoing 80 and 01 respectively in excess of tho. numbers registered: during February, 1877\. Tho infantile deaths, for. the month of February were 50'28 perr cent, of the aggregate mor tality in Sydney, and 0*58 per.cent. below the previous five years' average. The percentage in ' the BÙburbs was 58*59 por cont. 