Chapter. XIX.—In Sheep's Clothing. " That wasn't bad, -was it ?" he said, •with cool satisfaction at his own audacity, as they reached Mrs. O'Shee's door. " The man in blue believes, no doubt, at this mo ment, that we were talking of some dear little Tommy or Johnny, sent to cheer our earthly pilgrimage with his enlivening screams." Elizabeth did not speak. She was afraid and ashamed, and silently led the way up stairs to the drawing-room, the door having been opened by a dreadful old charwoman, with a huge rusty black bonnet on her head, Mrs. O'Shee having been yet unable to meet with a domestic to suit her after Mary's departure. " This is a nice room," said Mr. "Wilmot calmly surveying Elizabeth's sitting- room after he had entered it. "It looks so perhaps," answered Eliza beth, " but it is not. They are most untidy people who have the house." ' " Who are they ?" asked Mr. Wilmot. "The landlady says her husband is a clergyman, but—" " Of coarse he is not. However, that is easily found out. What is his name ?" " The Rev. Michael O'Shee." " The Kev. Michael O'Shee," wrote Mr. Wilmot in his pocket-hook. " I shall look the reverend gentleman up when I get to • my rooms. I wonder if this same Michael belongs to the angelic host, or is of the dragon's crew that the first Michael is sup posed to have kicked out of heaven ?" " I think at all events that they are very strange people." " There are a good many strange people in this neighborhood. But what about this advertisement ? I presume you don't wish any one to win the promised reward ?" " No, no, certainly not." " Yet there is the greatest possible danger of some one doing so, if you go out dressed as you are into the streets. We may have check-mated one policeman, but how do we know that the lynx-eves of another may not he cast upon you to morrow ?" "What can I do ?" said Elizabeth wearily, . sitting down and covering her face with her hand. " I would say, let me go and buy you some golden dye of the chemist at the corner of the street, only I cannot make up my mind to ask you to destroy the lovely hue. of your hair. But I will tell you what you can do —change your dress and wear your hair differently; and, best of all, don't go out for the next week or so." " J jut i must—1 must seeJc employment. " Pardon me—don't think me rude, but can I lend you any money ? I shall do so ■with the greatest possible pleasure." "No, no," said Elizabeth, starting up; " I have enough, quite enough—but I thank you." " Pray don't. I only meant that, having left your home, you might not foresee that you would require as much as no doubt you will, if you are seeking employment fit for a Tady in this busy wilderness. Do not misunderstand me—T do not mean anything rude, but I mean can 1 do anything for you —can I help you in any way ?" " I fear not," said Elizabeth sadly ; " hut I thank you for your kindness." " Then I shall take my leave'" said Mr. Wilmot, rising, for having gained his end, and obtained an entrance into Elizabeth's rooms, he was too acute to pay a long visit there. " Take my advice," he went 011, " and don't go out for a day or two at least, and if I hear of any more enquiries I shall let you know." And then with charac teristic coolness he bowed and took his de parture^ leaving Elizabeth a prey to the j most cruel anxiety. : From her melancholy reflections, how ever, she was soon aroused by a visit from her landlady. "Sure your friend is a foine tall man, me dear," said Mrs. O'Shee, having intruded herself into the room 011 the pretext of seeing if- Elizabeth's tire were good. " He remoinds me of me own brother now— Captain Fard, of the Dublin Militia. ' Handsome J ack,' the gurls used to call him in me young days, and they were dying in hundreds for luve of him, I can tell ye!" "Indeed!" said Elizabeth. " And hadn't he a woife of his own, the sly fellow, all the time too ?" laughed Mrs. O'Shee. " But he was the living image of the gintleman that's just left ye; for I said to Mr. O'Shee as he passed the dining-room7 windows, ' sure there's Jack's ghost, if iver; a ghost was in a living body!'" " He is almost a stranger to me," said Elizabeth coldly. " Well thin, I hope he won't remain one,; for young people want amusing, and I think . ye're but dull ye'rself at times, me dear ?" ' " I am in London on very serious busi-: ness," answered Elizabeth. " Whoy not consult Mr. O'Shee thin ? Though I say it meself who should'nt, he's a clever man, though not so sharp as his neighbors. But for a troiflingconsideratiori . he'll wind up ye'r affairs for ye in no time; so that ye'll not know them again ye'self when ye see them." Elizabeth could not help laughing at this, aud at the grotesque little figure before her. ■ "And if its a little dinner ye're wanting to entertain this gintleman with atony time, now ye've nothing to do but to give me the money and I'll git it for ye. - Ye've not a bad appetite ye'rself me dear, as I said to Mr.. O'Shee when ye'r dinner came down yesterday—but I loike to see that—it's a good sign when the mate dosn't git stale in the house. In Mrs. O'Shee's there certainly did not seem any fear of such an accident. Eliza beth was amazed when her week's bill came up at the quantity of butcher's meat she appeared to have consumed. A leg of mutton had totally disappeared after being served up once, for " a tiresome little curly black dog" Mrs. O'Shee had declared had snatched it out of the pantry window be fore she could turn herself round. Many visits the little curly dog had apparently paid to the pantry window since; and it was only the shrinking dread of going again among utter strangers, and the idea that it would only be for a short time, that induced Elizabeth to put up with the intense discomforts of Mrs. O'Shee's apart ments. What annoyed her most was the con stant intrusion into her rooms by this pry ing Irishwoman. She always seemed to be watching everything, and there was an uneasy shifty look in her glance that was not very comfortable to encounter. The Rev. Michael Elizabeth never be held, but on every occasion Mrs. O'Shee appealed to his name. He was the lay figure on which she hun her various ideas. It was "sure, as Mr. O'Sh.e was just say ing—"or "me husband now thinks" this or that. Mr. O'Shee was good enough to prophesy then that " ye're friend, the foine tall gintle man, the living image of me brother Jack, he is," would soon be back; and Elizabeth's annoyance, therefore, was intense when on the following afternoon, just as the early winter evening was gathering in, Mrs. O'Shee herself threw open the drawing room door, and with a delighted air an nounced Mr. Wilmot. "Don't frown on me so dreadfully please," said that gentleman, advancing towards Elizabeth, who was sitting moodily brooding by the fire, and whose expression when she saw him could not have been very gratifying to her visitor. "I would not have come so soon, unless I had something to tell you." " What is it ?" said Elizabeth rising, and with something of her old grand manner pointing to a chair. " It's been horribly cold to-day, hasn't it P." said Mr. Wilmot smiling. " Yes," answered Elizabeth, wondering if he had come to discuss the weather. "I aiu a kind of walking barometer," went 011 Mr. Wilmot, " every change of atmosphere effects me. Pardon me," lie added, and he suddenly rose and opened the room door, and discovered as he did so Mrs. O'Shee kneeling outside with her ear to the keyhole! For a moment the convicted listener was speechless, Mr. Wilmot looking down upon her with a grim smile, but the next her comical assurance returned. " Sure I'd just popped down on me knees and was saying me prayers," said Mrs. O'Shee, " as well I moigbt, seeing its too soon to light the gas, and begin ony useful employment." "Pray allow me to assist you to rise madam," said Mr. Wilmot, "and conduct you to some more convenient spot to con clude your devotions." "Ah, now ye're very obliging, sir," re plied Mrs. O'Shee, skipping to her feet with the assistance of the hand that Mr. Wilmot extended to her. " Sure, as I told me young friend here, ye're the living image of me dear brother—a tall, foine, handsome man he was, just loike ye'rself, and all the ladies in hive with him wherever he went." " I have not his happy experience then, madam," said Mr. Wilmot gravely. " Ah its just shy ye are on ye'r own mirits," answered the wretched little woman, simpering and giggling. "A fair lady ye know, not far from us at this minit, thinks so too I'll be bound." "Perhaps I may be shy," replied Mr. Wilmot with unmoved countenance, "but pray do not allow me to interrupt your twilight devotions an}r longer. I shall have much pleasure in seeing you go down stairs." " And so T shall, thin," said Mrs.JD'Shee. " Me poor husband, indeed, will be wonder ing what's detaining me here," and with a little nod the unabashed lady disappeared. " After all," said Mr. Wilmot, shutting the door, and'returning to the spot where Elizabeth was standing, " the human countenance is a sad tale-teller. Mrs. O'Shee opened the door for me, and I instantly detected that she would listen to our conversation." " It is disgraceful," answered Elizabeth. " It would have been annoying, certainly, if she had overheard what I came to say," went on Mr. Wilmot, " for I regret to tell you that I bring bad news." (To be continued.) ■ i 