THE ANSWER. AND what if I should be kind ? And what if you should be true 7 Thoold love could never go on \- Just as it uaed to do. ..The wan, white hands of the waves, That smote us swift apart, Will never enclasp again, And draw us heart to heart. The oold, far.feet of the tides, That trod between us two, Can never retrace.thtir stepi, And fall where the; used to do. Oh, well the ships must remember, That go down to the awful sea. No keel that ohiseU the current, Can cut where it used to be. Not a throb of the gloom or glory That atirs'in the sun or the rain, Will ever be that gloom or glory _ That dazzled or darkened-again. Not a wave that stretches its arms, And yearns to the breast of the shore, Is ever the wave that came trusting;, And yearning, and loving, before. The hope that is high as the heavens. The joy that is keen as pain, The faith that iB free as the morning, Can die-but can live not again; And though I should step beside you, And hand should lean unto hand, We Bhould walk mutely-stifled Ghosts in a breathless land. Fori am as dead as you are, And you are as dead as I; He who burns BOUU down to ashes, He only can answer why. And what if I should be kind ? And thuugh you should be true ? The old love could never, never Love on as it used to do. THE GREAT WALL OP CHINA.-Tho great wall of China WHB measured in many placed by Mr. Unthank, an American engineer, lately engaged in n survey lor a Chinese rail way. HiB measurement gives the height at eighteen feet and a width on the top of fifteen feet. Every few hundred yards there is a tower twenty-four feet square and from twenty to twenty-five feet high. The founda tion of the wall is of solid granite.- Mr. Unthank brought with liim a briek from the wall, which is supposed to hare been made 200 years before the time of Christ. In building this immonae atone fence to keep out the Tartars, the' builder never at tempted to avoid mountains or chasms to save expense. For 1300 mileB the wall goes over plain and mountain, and every foot of the . foundation is of solid granite, and the rest of the structure solid masunry. In somb places the wall ia built Bmooth up against the bank, or oayons, or precipices, where (here is a sheer descent of 10U0 feet. Small streams are arched over, but on the larger streams the wall runs to the water's edge and a tower is built on each side. On the cop of the wall there are breastworks, or defences, facing in and out, so the defending forces can ,pass from one tower to another without being exposed to an enemy from either side. To calculate the time of building or tho cost of this wall is beyond human skill. So far aB the magnitude of the work is concerned, it surpasses everything in ancient or modern times of which there is any trace. The pyramids of Egypt are nothing compared to it. JAPANESE STUDENTS.-Tho intellectual abilities of the Japanese race have been evidenced in a striking mannor by a quar-' tette of students from that country now studying in. Berlin. One' of these, Dr Dirokitao, lias lately invented an ingenious, optical instrument, termed the leuoosoope, whioli measures the variations in the per ception of light and colour by tho human eye, in aooordanoeiwith the strictest mathe matical laws. Another, who has attained the rank of lieutenant in tho Prussian army, has introduced a remarkable simplification into the meohamsm of the WuuBar rifle, which bus sucoeeded the historic needle-gun. Two more, who are proaeouting thoir) ohomioal studios uuder Professor Hofmann have published, for two years past, several interesting synthetical researches on tho aromatio series.-Nature. FORQETFULNESS.-A great deal of harm is done through forgetfulness. A little thought fulness and care with respect to others would often save them from a great deal of Buffering, and aid them ia their work. A man is discouraged in consequence of the difficulties he meets with. Au enoouraging word may be all that is necessary to revive his energies, and to' oause him .to persevere. That word is easily spuken. There are those who are perfectly willing to speak it, but they do not think of it. As long as men prefer a small foot, in a woman to a kind heart, and an hour- glass waist to a tender soul, worn en will aontinue to tortnre their feet, and squeeze their ribs out of place, and their hearts and .souls will remain what they top often are-shallow and withered, and dried up, or filled with stagnant and bitter waters. VALDE OF. AMUSEMENT.-The world mus be amused It is entirely false reasoning to suppose that any human being can devote himself exclusively to labour of any descrip tion. It will not do. He must be amused. Rest will not give him adequate relief. He must enjoy himself. He must laugh, sing, dance, eat, drink and. be merry. He ianst chat with his friends, exeraise h>8 mind in . exciting gentlo emotions, And his body in agree ible demonstrations of aotivity. . The constitution of the human Byatem demands thiB. It exacts variety of influenoes and motion. It will not remain in health if it: cannot obtain that variety. Too much merriment uffeofcs it as mueh aa too . little; too muoh relaxation 1B as injurious .us none at all ; but, to the industrious toiler, the snnshlne of the heart is just as indispensable aB the material Buri shine is to the flower-both soon pine away and die it deprived-of it. 