UNDE8 THE VEiSMAH, \ On an average about .once a day the rumor is set afloat, 'on authority,' that a reoon- ! struction of the Cabinet is imminent — that, in consequence of the Speaker being ap pointed Agent-General, Mr. Lalor is to as sumo the presidency of the Assembly ; while Sir Bryan O'Logblen is to succeed to the. vacant seat on the Supreme Court bench. That these arrangements are much desired by some of the persons named there can be no doubt; that the contemplated ohanges are given on their 'authority' is also pos sible ; but that they will bo carried out is quite another thing, I am aorrcct in stating that there is no foundation whatever for any such statements. The meeting at the Town Hall, ' ? to express public appreciation of the services of the Earl of Beacousfield in the settlement of the Eastern question, ' was essentially a Conser vative demonstration. Here, then, was an opportunity that the law and order party seldom have of showing how a publio meeting should be conducted. Black coats and bell toppers were ' in the majority for once — the horny-handed and the great unwashed were nowhere. But when an amendment to the resolution whioh the .meeting favored was proposed by the Rev. Mr. Potter, how was it received ? Did the meeting listen patiently to his arguments ; hear what was to be said against as well as for their view ot the case ; and behave, in short, as Conservative papers recommend that publio meetings should be have in exciting political times? Not a bit of it. They boo-hooed'Mr. Potter— roared' him down by the force of clamor, and drove him oil the platform. And yet tho eamo ? men who did that would hold up their hands in horrftr if, at a public political meeting to-morrow, the Liberal majority should de cline to hear the arguments of a Conservative opponent. It is rather amusing to hear British sub jects waxing eloquent on the ambition of Russia, her aggressive policy, and 'her lust of territory — as if these thinga were all to.be regarded as national . crimes— while in the same breath they laud Lord Beaconsfield to the skies for his wise and statesmanlike po licy in occupying Cyprus, and accepting on behalf of England the proteotorate of Turkey in Asia. I am sufficiently British myself to be glad to see that the Bear has suddenly retreated at the roar of the old Lion. But in view of the faot that the Union Jack now floats on Cyprus and Soootra, and a dozen other strongholds between India and England, and that an armed ocoupation of Egypt is a possibility by no means remote, what Englishman with a conscience can ac ouse Russia of a lust of territory ? At the commencement of Absalom's revolt it is recorded of him that he 'exclaimed, ' Oh that I were made judge in the land !' Tho -story of how rash ambition led him on, till he broke into open rebellion and in the endiperished miserably, is a portion of the Scriptures that it wouldbe well fojjMr. Casey to study attentively. He has noPyet com pletely broken with his party ; but to all appearance he is conspiring with the enemies of the Government as Absalom did with hia father's. Let Mr. Casey take warning by the sad end of that other man who prayed that' he were made judge in the land.' So sure as he proves false to the Liberal party, on whose shoulders he has more than onoe mounted to office, bo sure will the fate of Absalom fall upon him. , And. should the day come when Mr. Casey finds himself ' up a tree,' and exposed to the darts of his enemies, he cannot but say he was warned of his danger. . Here and there over the colony for some weeks past the conservative organs in the press have been making merry over a manu factured ' faot.' Mr. Berry, it was said, had become a squatter. The Argus gloated over the idea, and straightway in its mind'e eye -had Mr. Berry down, as one of the future saviours of society. Punch — poor Punch, that lives on libels as Mithridates lived on. poisons, till they have come to give him ) sustenance— drew caricatures of the Premier ?as a member of the Melbourne Club, with his loga rat her more bowed t haa usual. And all JOver'the country the glad news was sent that '?Mr. Berry had gone over to the enemy. The \- story was simply false, and has been contra -dieted on authority ; but there is one 'fact' about it that is worth noting. None of 'he* papers that gave ourrenoy to the rumor have up to the present had the honesty to confess they^were ? wrong. It was the. old trick of setting untruths abroad by 'the- help of ??they say.' , ...... . ? \- Mr. Cuthbftrt has furnished Mr. Berry with a powerful practical argument in favor of the Government scheme o£ reform. He has shown . that there is an incompatibility of temper 'between the two Houses that would be suf ficient in a matrimonial court to justify a decree for divorce. All through the crisis :Mr. Cuthbert stood by his colleagues — and his place. He gave bis countenance to the 'January dismissals ; to the inclusion of r'pttynient of members in the Appropriation '?Bill ;) to the scheme for payments being 'made on the resolution of the Assembly. In effect ho professed, himself willing to make the Assembly supreme. For over twelve ;ntfbnths he remained a member of a Govern metot'thafc was called into existence to carry out- that idea ; but when the moment of conflict came he deserted the party under which he had drawn pay, and ranged him self on the Bide of Conservatism. This desertion is not merely discreditable to Mr. Cuthbert personally : it brings the whole Council into disrepute. Mr. Berry should, avoid the- mistake of again attempting to have a colleague In the obstructive chamber. Mr. Cuthbert has plainly shown that the tvro bodies cannot be politically harmonised. One must 'give way, and it rests with the Govern ment And the country to say which it shall bo. The great hope of the Opposition has been that the Government Reform Bill, if passed by. tho Assembly and rejected by the Council, should be remitted to the consti tuencies for their approval. But their ardor in this respect will be somewhat checked by the result of the Dundas election. The most Conservative constituency in the colony has rejected the law and order candidate, and elected -the man pledged to support reform of the Council. The Oppo sition in tho Assembly is now very small. It dwindles with every fresh appeal to the country ; and if a general election were to take place in the present temper of the constituencies on tho question of reform of' the Council, it is doubtful if sufficient members would be returned to propose and second an amendment. And besides giving this great moral lesBon to the Opposition, the electors of Dundas may be congratulated on returning to the great council of tho nation a gentleman of oulture and high character. ?There arc few people in the country who will not experience a feeling of relief at the oloaring np of the. mystery of the Potts'a baby.: Tho confession of the child atealer has- placed the matter beyond doubt ; and the parents can now welcome the little stranger back without a shadow of suspicion that they have got their own. I remember in an affiliation case in Kyneton, where, the defendant denied the paternity of a child, that t the bench clerk, a gentleman well known for his artistic taste, came forward as an expert, and gave evidence in the most confident manner, to the effect that from the features, the shape of the head, and the whole appearance oV the child, the defendant was the father. * That gentleman is still living in Kyneton, and if there is tho slightest doubt on the mind of Mr. Potts I would suggest that he should submit himself and the' child to an- inspection. But it will require no evidence to convince the mother. Tho Minister of Education has lately made some sweeping reductions in the salaries of State school teachers, while ho stated last week at the- opening of a new school at Rich mond that ' he' would induce every teacher in the colony to master at least one science.' I met one of these gentlemen this week look ing very careworn and haggard, and asked him if he had made up his ' mind as to the particular soiencehe would devote himself to. ' I- have,' he said gloomily ; ' domestic economy shall be my study : the art of mak ing twelve shillings go as far with nine mouths as a pound formerly went with six. That is the position in which I am placed.' My pay has been decreased in that propor tion, while my family has increased exactly fifty per cent!' At the end of a year's study my friend will doubtless be able to' pass a good examination in the science ho has been compelled to devote himself to. A suburban Episcopalian congregation is troubled in its corporate conscience. It feels that it ia unduly monopolising the services of a dignitary of the church. The incumbent of the parish lately died, and a considerable, delay has taken place in the advent of his successor. Sunday after Sunday the Dean has occupied the pulpit, read the service, and preached solid and impressive sermons of' 'from three-quarters of an hour to an hour in length. But members of that congregation think that it is not just to their brethren in other churches that they should have the Dean altogether to themselves.. They are not selfish; they would like to see other con gregations get their fair share ot the elo quence that is just now devoted solely to them. Besides, it will place the new clergy, man in a most unpleasant position. y After two or three months of the Dean, a man must be a paragon who can give satisfaction to a critical congregation. ? ???-.?' ,'? There ib now on view in a room in the Melbourne Town Hall a picture of huge dimensions that 'the proprietor is endeav oring to dispose of by. art union. For the purposes of decency the painting ia hidden with a linen cover, which ia only removed when an effort, is made to secure a new subscriber. I can understand the natural deBire of tho owner o?- this picture to get rid of it in any way, but 1 cannot understand how any one could be induced to invest a guinea in the hope of becoming possessed of it. And neither can I understand how the* fathers,of the city can permit a painting of such a nature to lie in the Town Hall. There is certainly no' tradesman in the oity who values his reputation who would suffer it to be exhibited in his shop. - The railways are not an unmixed blessing to all pastoral tenants. A wealthy western squatter has a family, no member of which had ever been in Melbourne with the excep tion of his wife, who passed through it some eight years ago. . But the materfamilios and two of her daughters took advantage of the opening of the Western railway to pay a visit to the metropolis, and their expenditure on that occasion has added many- grey hairs to the head of the master of the house. Ainong.other purchases that were made was a handsome edition of Thackeray's works. Speaking of this the squatter said : ' I didna mind the money so muoh, though it was a sair expense. But on looking through the books, I was Btunned to find they were ^all lees!' - - ? ? Permanently disqualifying a man aa a Government contractor is rather a heavy penalty to pay for having insulted a Minister of the Crown. In the first place the insult was conveyed in a letter to a member of the House, and the fault of making it public really rested with him. In the second, Mr. Kelly when he wrote it was smarting under ? what is acknowledged to ' have been an injustice from tho hands -of the Minister of Railways. And in the third the polioy of. debarring a man on purely personal grounds from Competing for Government contracts is. fairly open to question. If a tradesman insulted a private person he would be quite justified in withholding his custom from him. But the railways are not Mr. Woods's' private property, and till they are the publio have a right to complain of any action that may tend to stand in the way of the best possible bargain being made. I am told that a very singular description of fraud on the Chinese Customs has recently been detected by the vigilance of the autho rities at Shanghai. The ambition of every Chinaman who leaves hia native land ia either to return, or if he dies abroad to have his bones sent home for burial. Hundreds of coffins are annually received at the various ports, profesBing to contain the remains of Celestials who have' given up the ghost in barbarian lands. An unusually large number of bereavements in one family in Shanghai at-' traoted the attention of the collector of cus toms, and on opening the coffins they were found to be fall of opium. Since the dis covery the import of dead Chinamen has fallen off very much, while the duty from opium has sensibly increased. There may be a hint here for Mr. Lslor. What was done in China might be attempted iu Vic toria. . One of the best colonial billiard players ia settled in a town in the Western district. A couple of months ago some of our leading bookmakers were in the town on their return trip from tho Adelaide races. They had im.' plioit faith' in the skill of this wielder of the cue; and when a gentleman who had' been travelling in their.company, and who had not been successful ia his racing speculations, offered to produce a man who would beat their old friend in a game of a thousand up, the offer was at onoe taken, and heavy odds laid on the result. The game was played, and ended in an easy victory for the stranger. The bookmakers parted with about as much money aa they had won from their companion at the raceB ; and after they had squared up, their feelings may be; imagined ? when they were informed that the visitor was one of tho first professional billiard players in England, who had come out in the Crizco and waa proceeding overland to Melbourne. One of the victims declared that a trick like that waa enough to make him lose all faith in human nature ! ATTICUS. 