Original Poetry. The Night Wind. DRAMINGO. VIEWLESS, not voiceless, you sweep along; Sad is the note of your constant song; Mournful when fall the last beams of light; Sadder still in the lone midnight. When some wretched wanderer feels your breath, And shrinks at first as he would from death, Then hails the thought of a glad release, For he hears in your music a whisper—Peace! Afar in the forest your wild refrain Has haunted me oft, and the note of pain That is ever the key of your dirge-like wail Makes the heart sink down and the cheek grow pale. No Joyous thoughts to the soul you lend; Regrets alone with your whispers blend; And your weird voice stealing adown the hill Makes the lonely bush seem lonelier still You die away into low soft sighs, Like a loving kiss laid on weary eyes; But restless dreams soon your slumbers rouse, And you soar once more 'mongst the bending boughs, As if you would break through their leafy bars To your pale companions—the sleepless stars; And ever your voice sings loud and free The song you have learnt in eternity. I hear the tread of familiar feet, Strange snatches of song that seemed once so sweet; But the burden you bring that I dread the most Are the voices of friends I have loved and lost. Or you ring out the time of a merry dance, And I almost look for the well-known glance Of eyes that could be both fair and false, As your mocking voice sings an old old waltz. O why are you always so sad and drear, Like a spirit mourning a happier sphere? Are you haunted by souls that have passed away, And, forbidden to visit the earth by day, Must restlessly wander from place to place To gaze unseen in an old friend's face, In the night-wind's breath doomed to linger lone, Till they hold up their hands at the judgment throne? The morn approaches; all sounds grow still; And still, as it brightens, your breath grows chill; Grows chill—as though o'er the Indian wave You came, message- fraught, from a dear one's grave; And the listener hears it with bended head, Forgetting the living to mourn the dead; Till the flushed east heralds the coming day, And you pass with your ghosts for awhile away. 