Oy 'Wednesday next His (Excellency Sir Arthuijj'Kennedy will go down to ' the.House' and open Parliatnenfwith one of. those benignant speeches by which responsible' ministers! have long aco become celebrated;' ? Atrno j period of Queensland's history jwill Parliament | asBemble wpth graver : and moreimpor-1 tant measures ^legislate updn— greater ' i political and! knotty questions to unravel and make law for the good of the colony. The session will be ushered fin with all the pride,| jpomp,' and 'circumstances expectant upon such an august occasion. , The Ministry, with ja fortitude and determinaSon worthy of Downing Street, will begin [the coming straggle with a | light heart/ and full of the most lucid and comprehensive schjemen, predestined !i ? ' to. destroy any opposition army corps ,. that might threaten to turn the MiniB teriali left flank which, since last session, ] onr readers jwill remember, have been * , ' foolishly exposed to the forces of Palmer , and SIcIllwraith, who are now organis ^ ' ing and marching to the tune of ' Out must go the Ministry.' |But a Douglas | in the forum jor on the field is an enemy I ' not to be disposed of easily. Without drawing much uponi the imagination, | the Government are prepared to Jay ! upon the jtable of the' House several . 1 measures of such importance as will i , command ' attention. Considering the liberties taken with the executive func tions of government by ministers who j are fortunately responsible, .more than i ordinary opposition will bo' indulged in. The cross-benches, the Ivory- Morehead ? | party, and the true opposition ? party under Mr.] Palmer, and Mr. Bell, will i now be more united, and ready to keep up a strict ) watch tipoa ffioisteria! I tactics' and the cunriingness af debate. ' The drafting; of bills will be keenly j 1 criticised! next session, with jthe view' that the letter of the law may be easily , understood! in the courts of ilaw, and that the country will be saved much litigation: in London before the Judicial , , ?Committee of the Privy Council. ? The i tnoasures which must come before Par '{ liament are numerous and as obnoxious as the complaining ghosts which Appeared t before Bichard the Third. Tlio railway system has given tnuelrgratification to some, and much regret to. others who hare the wblfare of the colony jat heart. The-beHt lands; of the colony must not be given awayjby an unsatisfactory land auction system. The nystem of branch I rail it ays constructed by private ontor 'I ? prise is again cropping up, and lion, tnembers fhoiild eee that the public lands are I not thrown airay unless upon works of| importance and of use i to tho' colony.] The construction of a , trunk line j to itlio waters of the Gulf will ultimately be finiuhed, and will ? rocord practical result* in duo timo. Branch railways will always provo pro ductive of: revenue after settlement, .We hope Parliament will not sanction the 2 feet gauge Byst«Di. ' The Mini«try , are bound to go on with the Mount Esk ? and FuB»ifirn jinoB, a% they wore the 1 flr»t promised jof the branch jrailwny system. . Considering the great : dis '? * coveries of) gold, tin, copper, and tho ? extension of the paatornl, planting, and agricultural; intercuts in the North, ive dbail probably get our share of public „ ; tnonoyforerpendfture in 'hot latitudes.' ', HIn the event of non-federation this year, efforts will be made to obtain financial, separation for the North. Mackny will then be able to control local | public , works, and jkeep the' heads .of ilouart i tnents up toKconcert pitch.' Wo need not repeat ?; that freah legislation i» neceuuiry to regulate the immigration \- of Kanakas jfor ? the epecial purpose of €. ;f ^' i . ? ? ?— - . - : ?fultv1'aEIPiante7 t0: CUlt!'ate ^«i* rt« ? ™?,Campeto with tIie marketsUi tho. worid, such ?produ'cfsLv-^tein sugar, coffee, tobucorytof the ameSid otherval^' Goldfield Act, so far a's it .elites to the Chinese. Police' protec- tion in the North must receive jthe earnest attention of members,' as it will ?never' dof to- carry on the] norkj of 'colonisation at the present fearful Jors of life, caused by the aborigines jw8 lawless white desperadoes; The ire venue 'afld financial condition of jthe colony nre excellent, yet the, sources of revenue and the rapid system1 of expendr .iture requires tho most carefiii. scrutiny on the part of the . press ? and public;; because the Loan acepunt, although well Becured, is assuming vast proportions and grave: colonial responsibility; The colonies are gradually ' becoming : free traders, and. the only drawback to a. grand comprehensive scheme 'or free trade, to! inspire the colonies vfith brotheriy ilove and industrial competi tion in the race for wealth ie!federat(on^ introducing a uniform tariff j a railway, telegraphic, and postal system; electoral reform; and locnl ffovernment in the shape of 'provincial parliairenta. .; A redistribution' of seats .billi ia: greatlj wanted in ttis.'colony. Mackay,| at least, is justly entitled to have a rep-er sentetive of its own, and independent ?of talent from Bowen or ' brains, s;r,' from Queen Street, Brisbane. ? The Land Laws of the colony at present ore not liberal enough for the general bo'dy of. people; wanting to settle upon the .soil with their wiveB and families, and i many farmers a.nd graziers are compelled to go away into a far off country, like1 ithe shepherds of Virgil. The auction Bystem must be done away Tvith, as it is robbing the; rising generation of their birthrightj.and that constant stream I of immigration 'which lands upon durj shores, of j a heritage, describled to etai grants at ! home ' as a land of promise, with a small tincture' of' exaggeration, that all is. gold that glitters in this fair; portion of Australia. The impounding clause of ithe Land Act must be iin-i proved, bo i far as it relateB to ' grass pirates' j A Land Tax and the Pay ment of Members, are two ideas not jet ripe for the ways of this colony. |A duplication of cable in connection with Europe is1; urgently required, and. We trust that pur Parliament .will deal wihi this question in a manner) likely to lead; to some practical results. -??.'.?? h, Yestkhday, being Good Friday, the stores. ! banks, and public offices were closed, and j the day was observed as a holiday, . i JTVb are, glad to note the safe return to i^ackay of Mr. J. E. Davidson, of tho Alexan- ? dra Plantation, after his recent trip to Eng- ? land. The diatrict has made considerable prpgress since his absence and he is heartily welcomed back, as his experience and services will be much felt, along with the endeavonVs. of iothers, in-developing the future greatness of jthe district We alao note the return if Mr. Be Lissa,' and shall be glad to hear of .his' further success iu introducing the mono sulphite process in the manufacture of sugar; A . Committee MBEtiira of the Mackdy Hospital was held in the Council Chambers last Wednesday afternoon. Present— Messrs. W.JMarah (in the chair), E. P. ABhdown, 6. Webster, .P.i H. Smith, H. Bromberg, C. K. Dutaillis, and K. H. Wills. The minutes of the (general meeting were read and confirmed. A letter was \ received from Mr. Keeley, a life governor, respecting the. number of tickets supplied to {him. The Secretary was .lii Btructed to write Mr. Koeley, directing his attention to the rules and regulations whidh provide that life governors ' can only ie snpplied with two out-door and one in-doof patient tickets per year. Several acconnts were. laid apoo the table for payment, and Qh the motion of Mr. F. H. Smith, seconded by Mr, Charles Webster, the financial! report w«s carried. Mr.! Aahdown pointed out the dii interestedness of 'tho pablio in subscribing fo thoilnBtitutiian. The amount of private subscriptions for last year was only £56, mojt of which was subscribed by tho Committed themselves. (He sbited. that arrangements should be made to collect larger] and more general subscriptions. It was absurd to say that such a small amount was being received for so important an institution as tho Hospital Ho trusted the 'Secretary! and some of the Comrliitteo wonld go round the station^, plantations, and the town. to got tho people to subscribe and take a deeper and more charitablp interest in the Hospital. . The Secretary, Mr, riinney, said ho wonld bo glad to canvass tho town and; district He had dono so losjf year, and written to those at a distance ; but he anticipated better, results this year. Hi^ was glad to inform thom that Mr. ,SpiUer had subscribed' £10 this year, and hoped that the other planters would follow so excellent an example. Mr. Marsh cordially agreed that bettor efforts should be. made to increase the |ocal revonuo of the Hospital. He proposed that an: advortisomont should bo insorted iti the local papers, directing pnblio attention to the want of fnnds, and solieiting contributions; The proposition, on being seconded, wui carried.! This' being all the business bofori the meeting, it then closed. ' I Eirrsn Mospiv will bo a general holidayl Horse racing and athlotio sports take plaeo at the none and Jockoy Hotel, Nobo Road, and promtso; to bo a success. The programme will bo found; in our advertising; columns! An axcanian party to Flat-iop Island loavcaf tbo A.S.N. Co.'s wharf by the |' Bronw^ wing'! on the j holiday morning, at half-past 4 o'clock. As tho pleasure trip will be under, the unspiofls of tho I. O. O. T.,j wo may|' anticipate there will bo a good day's; ?njoymont cxporiencod, - . - ? . ;, Last Tuesday afternoon a Committee moot-: ing of tho A. I', and !-f. Amoointion was hold: at the Royal Hotel. Present-Mossri. K. H.j Wills (in the chair), C. U Kawunp, George! Smith, M.-H. BJaok, D. Connor, H. M, Finlay-? von, J .Hpillor, H'. Boll, M. Carroll, R, Martin,! and A. il Lloyd. Ily invitation, Mesara. Dysmi[ Jjiooyanrl J, J.: Martin were also preaont Tho; minutes: of tho previous meeting having buun; read, they were confirmed after a short dis-; cu»i»u. . The duputitiou appointed to wait; upon Mr.jltoddek; requesting him to become; Secretary to the Asauuiation, reported that: they had done no, and that that gentleman; had accepted the office Mr. Qoorgo Smith! rose and explained to the meeting that the: notion of the Commliteu at tbo. but meeting; ? i .- ! ' ' ? ????'?'? . ? | ! . i ' ' ? . ? ? '. I. ==^^— — ^|. much proposed — 1 | '. ... , .-In * -- was present, be elected L^3-!H-rSry , 'eraber of tho Committee, in rccrnVMeration'ofihis past valnable serricea.^ Mr. lHkck second.ed tho motion. Carried. Alrf Black jthen proposed— 'That Mr. C. C. Raw son-belt appointed Honorary Secretary to the Assncjlation,' irithont salary, with permission' to edgage anv_cl.erical assistance he may require.' Mr.iSpiller seconded the motion, which, .was carried nem.- con. Jfr. Martin proposed an amendment, that the appointment of Mr. Bcddek be| held good, 'conniaorine that they had waited 'upon him, and. he having accepted' th'e Secretaryship. ' Mr. ' Seddek intimated his intention ti- resign, and the amendment was withdrawn; Mr. Uilpatrick, of Melbourne, was requested to supply -tho medals.' Several special prizes were announced. A letter was received from the Secretary of theJJneensland National Association, request ing the Oommittoe. to appoint one of their* number, to rep-esent them in the National Association. A letter was read from Mr. W. H. Paxton, stating that he had seen Mr. Dickson nponthe snbjoot of an endowment for the Association; The Colonial Treasurer re plied that the Association could only procure State aid at the rate of £1 for £2, up to the amount of £200. Mr. Paxton reported that, upon recommendation, lie had made the necessary application. A petition, signed by n large nnnyber of the members of the Associa tion, respecting the dismissal of Mr. Alexander Shielsj as Secretary' to1 the Association, was read, I requesting the Committee' would call a general meeting at an early date, for the object of considering the said dismissal. The Chairman thought the Committee should pay no attention to it; but Mr. George Smith moved: that the general meeting as requested by thej petitioners, be granted, and that it be held that day six weeks. Mr. Bell seconded the motion, which' was carried. Several acconnts were presented to the Committee for payment, which were passed. Mr. Shiels was requested to send |io his account to the Association in the nsual way. A Sub Committee was appointed to re-arrange the awards for successful exhibits.. It was also thought by several speakers that the amount of entrances were too high in some cases and too low in other instances. 'After several other items of business had been attended to, the meeting adjourned until that day fortnight i ? At the Police Court last Wednesday, before Messm! George Smith and William Marsh, J's. P., ! Joseph Hull was charged' with being drunk and losing a mail-bag when engaged in carrying the St. Lawrence mail from Mackay, to which he pleaded guilty. . It appeared that the mailman left Mackay on Tuesday, the 16th instant, with the nsual mail-bag, and shortly [ after noon he returned to ' town and reported to Mr. Browne, the Postmaster, that he had [lost a mail-bag, and could not find it. Mr. Browne' found the man suffering from drink, and he was obliged to procure another man to! send the mails onward at the expense of-'£6.ii The.Bench fined Hull in the sum of £5, . and discharged him with a caution for being drunk. The mail bag has not yet been found,- but some letteirs and papers have been found on the Neboroak, near Balmoral Estate. The police. are now searching for the bag.. A Court of Petty jSessions for the revision of additional names' to the Jury List of the district,; was held last Thursday in the Court House, before Messrs. Goorge Smith, T. Vokes' Dadgeon, William Marsh, and A. T.Ball Js.P.' In revising- the additional list, several names were struck oft The tptal number of names upon the Jury List for the current year now numberi222. ? ?? j . A. OBt^ERAL meeting of the members of the Amateur Dramatic Club was held in the Oriental^ Hotel, last Thursday evening. Pre sent—Messrs. M. H. Black (in the chair), H. Bromborg, E. P. AshdoWn, H. B. Black, E. S. Rawsonj- C. Maclaren; W. D. Frew, B. C De Lissa, M.; R Burrowes, and G. SmithV The minutes of the previous ? meeting, were road and confirmed. , A letter, of thanks was rcccivot' from, the- Committee of the School of Arts for the late performance of the Club in; aid, of the Building Fund. Several acconnts were 'passed, for payment The Chairman stated that the late two performancs wore highly Isucoessfnl, and expressed the [satisfaction of thb^Club that they hod been the means of assisting two well deserving , objects in the.! district The. snm of £10 had been deducted from the proceeds of each performance, which did not cover the outlay, of the Club for expenses, such as properties land tradesmen's acconnts. Mr. Burrowes proposod that- call of lun. upon the members jof tho Club take place,; but a motion made by jMr. Smith was carried, that the Dramatio i Club give two entertainments, during the June Holidays, one; of which; should be devoted to' the funds of Itho Club,; and the other to a public charity, Mr. H; B. Black proposed »: new rule— 'That the proposer of any new member pay down tho snm of £1, the amount of membership, on nomination.' The motion was duly! seconded and carried. Tho following jgentlemen were propoaod and balloted as imembers; of the Club, ;viz. — Messrs. E. W. Welch, Jf. H.; Sharp, Gi C. Craig, and A, O. Sachso. jit was then re'solvod that the next performance should 'bo- a Chrfsty MiDBtrel entertainmont. ? ; ; : ?; ! . On Wednesday afternoon, at 3 o'clock, a meeting jof ladies connected with Trinity Church, and who promoted. tho late bazaar in aid of a| parsonage, was held in the Council Chambers for tho purposo of. hearing the balance-sheet read, passing accounts, and tho appointment of trustees for tho Parsonage Fund. Tile total amount of money received from tho bazaar was X310.Ga.4d. j tho expenses Wero £8| 10s. 0d.,. which left' a balinco of £301 16s!. 4d. to the credit of tho/Parsonago Fund. A donation of £2 from tlio flrm of Messrs. W. Sloaiie & C(S. was also NeJcoi^ojW' Tho TreasurorV; report was adopted, and the following' gontlomeu wore appointed Trustees for tho - above-named Fancl :— Messrs. W. ' Marsh, E. P. Aihdown.iD. Shepherd, M. H. Blaok, anil J, :0. Binnoy. The Rov. Mr, A. A. Maolaren tlion addressed the mooting, after' Which tho businoss of tlio mooting olosod. ; ; On Thursday lost a good number of towns pooplo mnoniblod on Mossrs, Sloane & Co.'s wharf to' witness the launch of a smart fittle oiitfcer, built by Mr, Kingwell to the order of Mr. W, B, Hamborough, Tho craft is olinker built, copper fastened, and fluiahed in a workmanlike muiinur, : The length of keel ill 30 ft. 0 in.; broodtii uf lieam, 8 ft.; depth of l'mld, 3 ft. 0 iiu ; tnnimgo, about 8 toiiB, with a displacement of 3 tona, Mmisrs. Wilson, Mart ami Co. supplied tho timber, am! Mr. Sinclair aatod ns uupurintumloiit of, the. building of the yossol on behjiU of tho owner, and every oredit ii due te Mr.iKiugwe.il for turning out -uah a b'andiama; looking cutter. We uiuloratsnd i ; ? ,'. ?. ? ? that ho is^abont to lay tbe:keel of an IS-tonl cutter nejt weekii to the; order of a resi-:1 dent The launching w,as most succlsBsful, and astheboajtook the water in gallantlstyle, Mr.' ; F. H. Smith named Her the ' Gertrnde^' amidst the acclamations of the spectators i who after wards were kindly invited to drink' success to thocatter,;bnilderand_O)vner, .. ..1 ' Attentip.v is directed to Mr. George Smith's Sale of land, town; nnr? or,Wn,V,»^ _L^_^^:._ wh,ch takes place to-day in the long room of Mr. TjutailuV Hotel. -Several' very boodDro perties will be offered for sale. - J2i-rf°TKSF/ the late Her- Ht-'^;^ - i 'f^ bjr. -mr. w£™a;'_-.-nssaray next,.when we hope to Bee the furniture, eto., realise excellent The' settlers .of this district are very anxious to kr.o* what has become) of the Inspector, of Brands. Like: our member for the* district he. must .be lost, at least, it is commonly reported, that this gentleman has seldom been seen about 'these parts.' We are. informed ; that there are a grea| many cattle running about with suspicious fKrauda, and it is high time the Inspector paid a visit to the green pastures of the Pioneer. , The annual Easter meeting of the members of Trinity .Chuxcbf will take place on ?Tuesday next, to pass accounts, jappoint chnrobwardens, and to consider the repairing of the Church and other important matters. 