'" '* ' J INTRODUCTORY. The event of the month has been the attempt '? so settle the dispute with the Main Line Railway _ Company. A deputation empowered by the directors to effect a settlement have arrived in the Colony. But they have made no advances ; have in fact confined themselves to receiving and rejecting proposals. To this line of conduct they have no doubt been led by an Opinion of ' English Counsel obtained in a case submitted by Government, which is expressly against the Colony. The faulty condition of the line and the Colony's right to object are recognised, but Counsel hold that in employing the Company to < convey the mails, and in, from time to time, , advancing the Company money to enable it to meet its engagements to servants and others, '' Government has recognised the opening of the line and the train service, though these loans were granted, and payment receipted, on the express stipulation that the contract rights of either party were not thereby to be repaired. It may be ungracious and ungrateful on the part of the Company to take such advantage of the kindly aid granted them. But it would seem the law is with them, little to the credit of the law officers of the Crown in the Colony. ( , Finding themselves in this unexpected dilemma the Government have proposed to literally carry out the Opinion of Counsel, and to pay the interest due since the trains ran between the two contract termini of the line, and besides, as an inducement of a settlement, to forego all right to cross actions against the Company under the contract, on condition that the Company abandon its claim to interest for a period of six months, during which the Company only ran their trains to and from Evandale, 11 miles from Launceston, though specially warned that such train service would not be accepted as that required by the contract, and on the further condition that the Company allow the line to be examined by an Engineer mutually fixed on and agree to do, and carry out, whatever works or repairs he may report on as necessary to making the line equal to the requirements of the contract. The Government also offered the general alternative of an arbitration of all disputes. But it would appear that the more the Government conceded the more exacting did the deputation become in their demands, and unfortunately for the Colony, the Opposition as a whole, though there are some honourable exceptions, have shown an unmistakeable inclination to back up the Company, making the settlement of the dispute not perhaps a party question, but a means of turning the present Government out and themselves in , not a very dignified view of colonial politicians, but too true. a one. The good sense and proper feeling of the majority of Parliament is not likely to permit the success of such tactics, and we hope we, in the course of a few days, may be able to record a settlement of the railway question on its own merits.' , The' questions, between the Colony and the Company as to the payment to the made by the Company to the Colony for running powers over the Launceston and Western line, and by the Colony to the Company for the conveyance of mails, have been determined by arbitration. For running " powers the Colony asked £5,000 a year, the Company considered £1,000 extravagant. The arbitrators have awarded £2,988 for 1877, £3,020 for 1878, and £3,990 for- 1879 ; or an average of £3,500 a year. For the conveyance of the mails, the Company raised the charge from £2,000 a year to £1,857. The arbitrators have awarded £2,850. Both Houses of Parliament have voted addresses to the Queen, congratulating Her Majesty on the conclusion of a peace honorable to the nation, and creditable to the negociations. The improvement in our industrial and commercial condition has increased the demand for land. A sale of Crown lands during the month realised nearly £17,000 ; one lot of which the upset price was £091, realised £1200. Government have introduced a Bill for the maintenance of all public roads from the public treasury, and for the abolition of all tolls. It is proposed to place, the management and expenditure in Local Boards, partly named by the Governor in Council, partly by the Local Road Trusts. '. i A movement is on foot, and is spreading, in favour of the centralization of the police that is the transference of the management from the municipal authorities to Government. The Electoral Reform Bill is likely to prove too pretentious a measure, and to be laid aside, except in so far as it transfers the settlement of controverted elections from Parliamentary Committees to the Supreme Court. The Post Office Amalgamation and Amendment Bill has met with general approval. The Civil Service Bill is not regarded as much improving the status or security of that body of gentlemen. The absence of any provision for incapacity or old age is regarded as a fatal omission. i After having been thought to be stamped out, scab in sheep has been detected in two localities, neither of which are within our great stud and breeding districts, but the scare has been sufficient to induce the other Colonies to subject all Tasmanian sheep to quarantine regulations, to the great loss of, the principal producers of high-priced sheep, who were just preparing to send stock to the great annual sale in Melbourne. There has been much unnecessary alarm, but we cannot well blame our neighbours for then precautions, in Our Defence and Volunteer movement is being sustained a £25,000 have been voted for fortifica- tion purposes, chiefly in repairs and improvements, and £5,000 for the annual expense of the Artillery and Rifle forces. , Our principal agricultural societies are all preparing for their annual exhibitions. The metropolitan society is this year to combine chemical analysis with the exhibitions of grain. A very successful Poultry Society has been held, the neighbouring Colonies having sent exhibits. A new Musical Society has been established. It already numbers 200 11101111161-8. The Hospital Board has solved the question whether the hon, medical officers should have no vote in all matters coming before the Board of which they are members, by having unanimously resolved to petition the House of Assembly to restore to the Bill, now before Parliament, the clause, struck out in the Assembly, for giving the hon, medical officers the right of voting. Great progress has of late been made in the extension of telegraphic communication. But in many portions of the Colony embraced in the new circle of communication, especially thickly wooded country, the successful use of the wires has not been attained. interruption is more frequent, than operation, and some action on the part of the department is imperatively demanded. Among the deaths, during the mouth, of noted Australians appears the name of John Dunmore Tamar H T) Kv.lnov " ,l,"v!im whom nature him been intimately and favourably associated with the history of Australia for half a century. ' Dr. Lang was at one time my inhabitant of Hobart Town, and has been identified with the principal early movements of the Presbyterian body. Only recently, and when working on the four score years, he visited Hobart Town, wind was active in the cause of his Great Master. , Our mineral resources continue to be done loped with encouraging success. Fresh discoveries in gold are being made, some of them of an extensive and important character. In the now established Brandy Creek goldfield now reefs are being struck, and in the once well known Fingal goldfteld,longnbiindonod, rich reefs have been discovered and old ones contested with promise. We may soon expect to see a large mining population established here, for the well known and rich beds of coal, which have been so long locked up by a grasping but inert English speculator, have fallen into more energetic hands. Tin mining is being steadily prosecuted, and notwithstanding the discouraging full in the price of tin, numerous parties are being got up to explore and prospect the West Coast. The raising of other minerals is being prosecuted in various quarters. As we publish on the last day of the month, we are, of course, without our usual monthly statement of Customs receipts and other revenue, or our trade returns, except the values of imports and exports which were not ready for his summary, published on the 3rd inst. We have every assurance, however, that in every branch of revenue and under every heading of industry, the improvement which has for the last few years been experienced, will be found to have been fully maintained. A spirit of a energy and of Bound enterprise is abroad, and Tasmania is acquiring that first-class character for material prosperity and wealth which it has long maintained for the salubriouBiioss of its climatology! the beauty of its scenery With the approaching spring more activity I and interest are being manifested in sports and amusements. In indoor pastimes we have the Theatre occupied by a good company. The Town Hall is being made nightly merry by an ingenious and able deception, in which the Ghost world plays an important part ; while the Tasmanian Hall has just been quitted by the " Infant Mozart," a boy not seven years of age, whose intuitive knowledge of music, shown in playing and composing, is something incredible. In outdoor amusements football is going out, cricket and rowing coming on. The success of our Australian cricketers in England has proved gratifying to the lovers here of the noble game. Our great annual regatta, Hobart Town's high holiday, has been fixed for February 4, the weather proving often unsettled at a much earlier date. i 