NEWS IN BRIEF. Mr. Morriman, Major of Sydney,' is \ seriously ill from general debility. The expenditure of the Sydney Mint lagt year was £12,298 j and tlie receipts, £10,902. Sandalwood is being shipped largely to i Singapore from Western Australia. The Customs* rovenuo received at Brisbano for the month of May amounted to £28,145. j Mining prospects are improving in tho I .Egerton district, Victoria. Tho export of coal from Nowastle for last week was 30,373 tons; and of coke 22 tons. The Duke of Timor alluvial diggings have i yielded 120oz. 18dwts. for the week. The four 80-pounders at Newcastle are in ! position, and ready for immediato use. j About 14 000 Russian soldiers have died | this year in Asia' Minor from typhoid fever. Cowan River, Cooktown, has beon reported a splendid reefing district. Mossvalo is gazetted aa a place for holding Courts of Potty Sessions. A caso of washed wool is to be sent to the Mikado of Japan by the steamer Thales. A numbor of English song»birds from New Zealand have been liberated in tho Sydney Botanical Gardens. One of tho Australian Diamond Drill Company's drills, capablo of boring to a dopth of 100 feet, will shortly bo working at Gympio. A destructive fire has occurred at the Sublime Porte, Constantinople. Many important buildings woro destroyed, In Queensland 2000 Polynesian islanders havo died in nino years out of a total of 14,000. Tho Glenolg Railway Company (S.A.) have declared a dividend for the half-year at tho rato of 20 per cent, por annum. About 300 Chineso left Sydnoy for Melbourne and New Zealand during tho last fortnight. Mr. John Howard Clarko, proprietor and oditor of tho South Australian liegister, is dead. Tho corporate revenues of tho city of 'Brisbane amount to about £30,000 net per annum. | A Btcam roller lias lately been imported by tho Adelaido Corporation, and is found to answer admirably. A. company, with a capital of £10,000, is being formed to work tho marblo quarry recently oponed at Canterbury (N.Z.) Some brutal larrikins at Otag3 (N.Z.) on Good Friday amused thomselves by putting some chickens through a ohaffcutter. A very satisfactory assay has been obtained from 251b. of stuff from tho Dromedary diggings. Tho damage to tho railway plant through tho collision at Orango lately is estimated at £300 to £100. Professor Pearson and Messrs. Chapman and \V. Gaunson aro nominated for Castle\x=req-\ maino (Victoria). A firo occurred at Buckley, and Nunn's stables iu Mclbourno on Friday' morning. Thrco horses were burnt. A new lead, after 22 feet sinking, has been discovorod near Maryborough. Tho prospccts aro ono ounco to tho load of woshdirt. '0 No further cases. of small-pox havo been reported in Mclbourno. Tho Siara has been , put into quarantine. 1 Tho well-known cricketer, Julius Cccaar, died at liia residence, Godalming, after a lingering illness, at the ago of 48. It lias been arranged that tlio oflicorr of tliq local forccs and thoso of the Imperial forces now in Melbourne shall dine together oil llic Queen's Accession Day. Letters patent have been granted to Batbo and Smith, of Sandridgc, for a hydro-pneumatic cngino, combined with a pneumatic hydraulic accumulator. A conclusivo reply has been given to Mr. Mallock's clever articles in tho "Nineteenth Century, entitled, "ls Life worth Living?" The answer is, " It depends on tho liver." A man named Watson, employed at Dalton's new building, fell from tuo third floor, a distance of over 30 feet, and was seriously injured. Tho Hon. Reginald Grevillc-Nugcnf, well\x=req-\ known on tho turf as " Sir. St. James," has been killed by being thrown from his ho'rso at Sandown steeple-chases. John Hughes, Andrew Murpby, and Emma Brown have been committed for trial for assaulting and robbing a man named Claydon in broad daylight. At the opening of tho State School at ! Soldiers' Hill, near Ballarat, last Friday, tho Minister for Education defended tho administration of his department. Mr. Henry Rankin, of Berlang, having broken his leg in a riding accident, Constable Matthews sot the limb so artistically that the doctor would make no improvement. The Newcastle Steam Company held their half-yearly meeting on Friday, when a dividend of 10 per cent, per annum was declared, and £750 carried to tho reserve fund. Proceedings have been commenccd in Equity by the representatives of TJdolplio Woolfc against Henri J. Hart, of Melbourne, to restrain him from using a colourable imitation of his trade rights. At the annual meeting of tho Colonial Mutual Lifo Assurance Society, held last Friday, a satisfactory report was presented. Tho present annual income is stated at over £50,000.; It is Btatcd that the outcry of tho unemployed in Victoria is greatly exaggerated, as several have refused employment on the drainage of Emerald-hill, saying that the work is too hard. Ministerial up-country journals in Victoria are protesting against Mr. Woods' proposals to send tho unemployed in Melbourne up country with free passes a9 unfair to local labour. An explosion occurred at tho Atlas Work?, Sydney, on Friday last. Several persons were seriously injured, and tho premises were partly blown away. All injured, save one, havo sinco died. A fire at tho Dublin distillery, which destroyed tho premises and 10,000 gallons of whisky, is attributable to the exciseman bringing a light too near his dipping stick, which was wot with spirits. Tho gaol at Wellington (N.S.W.) is said to consist of three cells in a very dilapidated condition, and at the beginning of this month thero woro confined within it 10. males, 4 females, and 3 children prisoners. A man who was recently hangod in Canada for killing his landlord made a speech, on the scaffold, in which ho expressed a hopo that this might bo a warning to other landlords who persisted in dunning their poor tenants. Tho Attornoy-Gcneral of Brisbane, on behalf of tho Bar, took farewell of Chief Justice Cockle on Friday last, on tho ovo of the lattor's departure for England on leave of absence, aftor about ilfteon years' continuous scrvicc. The Telegraph Construction Company have dolivered in ono of tho docks at the Dockyard, Woolwich, 250 miles of olectric cable for torpedo service, and 100 miles of this was tho subject of a supplementary order given only a fortnight back. Austrian military papers lately gavo tho result of an analysis of a sample of bread supplied to tho Russian troops in Bulgaria. The examination was carofully mado, and revealed the presence of 10 per cent, of sawdust and 14 per cent, of sand. Two persons at Ballarat havo, it. appears, boon amusing themselves in playing ghosts On Thursday night a littlo girl was so soriously frightened that she was nearly driven into fits. The police havo been put on the track of the offenders. A Japancao writer, in describing Europoans, says :—" Jealousy is an unknown passion among thom ; and so much affection subsists between man and wife that it is quite a common thing to seo a married, couple walking arm-in»arm in public. • Tho paper-making qualities of tho weed which grows so profusely in Lako Wondourco arc to be put to a practical test at Ramsden's paper mills in Mclbourno. Mr. Cave, the lako ranger, having been requested to forward half a ton of the weed for treatment there. . Tho steamer Alorfc, which arrived in Melbourne on Friday from England, .is- specially designed for tho M'elbourne-Geelong trade, increased traffic between those places requiring the employment of an additional •steamer. Tho exact, Joca]ity. of tho. prospectors', operations on tho gold-field at the Tweed, is near tho sea shore, botwoen tho mouth of 'Currurabono Greek and tho dividing range. They havo stocked 100 loads of washdirt, which they oxpect will yiold over a quarter of un ounce to tho load. In reply to an interpellation, tho Spanish Minister of War has informed tho Chamber of Deputies that, in view of tho possibility of war between Russia and England, ho is about to reinforce tho garrison of the Balearic Islands and hasten tho defensive works commoncod there. . ' It was stated at a recent meeting of tho Royal Dublin Socicty that a now explosive agent has been discovered by Professor Emerson Reynolds in the Laboratory of Trinity College, Dublin. It' is a raixtiirbof 75 per cent of chlorate of potassium with 25 per cent, of a body called sulphurca. There is nothing further known in Melbourne in reforenco to tho small-pox cases. It is expected that tho Siain will tako her doparturo from tho Heads, tho cargo,-mails, and passongors being convoyed down to her. Every precaution is being taken to prevent tho spread of coutagion. It is announced from Amsterdam that tho preparations for the Dutch expedition to tho 'North Polo aro almost terminated. The Willom Barentz, so named in honour of tho first Dutchman who undertook a similar expedition, at; the end of tho 16th contury, was to havo put to sea in tho first days of , May. Tho influential papers of Now Zealand now severely criticise Sir George Grey's policy in making Now Zealand play " lone hand instancing its absonco from the Cable Conference, tho absonco of representation at tho Paris Exhibition, and tho refusal of the Government to tako any stops for tho dofonco of tho colony. Tho man Blythe, who is on bail in Wellington (N.Z.), charged with ombezzlemont, is an absconder from Oamaru, in the Mendoza, bound for Sydnoy. Blytho was helped by tho crew, who resisted tho attempt of the police to arrest him, on tho ground that they had no warrant. When ono was subsequently obtained tho vessel had sailed.; 