/ravel and Advsaturs. BY HERU SCALPER. Everybody travels now-n-days. If you haven't travailed you must hold your tongue in presence of travellers, and suffer their half-concealed aneora. Travelling oalarcrea fcbe mind, increases your store of knowledge, and entities you to tell marvellous stories, if not to indnlgc in cxnggeratiouo that verge upon the province of " the white lie." When a traveller publishes bis diary, or vontures upon a narration of his advonturos and exploits, tho reading pnbiic expect something mora than an account of tamo, every -day life, They look for the flavor of tomato and cnyenue with their liternry meat, They must have a snuco piquantc, or the dish will pall upon the palate, so that n travelled author has to invent where notnnl adventures fail him, It is not his fault if the snakes be kills never exceed eighteen inches in length and never resist his attack. It is for tho writer of irnvels to handle a magnifying pen, which will multiply the length of a snake by four or live Mruoa, and infuse animation into his resistance against destruction, If he he pursued by a bullock for tea yards, it no great breach of vernoity to write " milai" iusiand of "ynrdB," If ho is thrown over hiB burse's head, he mny aB woll make out that the distance he was projecte I burderod upon the fabulous; and if he wishes to add zeBt to the performance, he may allege that be landed on his feet as thoroughly soli- posEessed as a circus rider, Whether you tell tho rigid truth or not, you may rent nsanreri thnt all yon Rtatc will be taken with bushels of salt, and tho most veracious stories sot down as " traveller's yarns." Travellers have, unforranscly, got a bad name since Bruoo, Du Ohallu nnd Captain Lawsou commenced to narrate marvels, and the incredulity ot the public cannot oaoily be set aside. I have made these preliminary remarks bo. cnuee, in narrating some of my travels and ndventures, it is just possible that they may not bo taken us gospul. I only pity tho renders who are so hard ol belief, It is useless, to reason with them. They are impervious to argument ; the only thing yon can do is fall back upon tlio proud cunuciousncss; of your own rectitude, and regret that the world is hopelessly obdurate and impatient of the improbable. It ie now ten years since I was invited to spend a few days in the rural township of Castcrton. It is the centre of a large rich pnBtoral aren, and stands on the Gleuclg River. The river itself winds nlong the east side of tho village, and an imposing bridge spans it opposite to the busiest part. A more romantic river it is not possible to li id in Vie'.orin. Now you have a broad eheotof water, fringed with sedge nnd liemuaed iu by gently sloping hills , auou you have a nar row stream babbling over a pobbly bar ; tben long shallow jpools, fringed with deep sand lilio the sen shore. Little wattle groves and clamps of undergrowth may be , seen at intervals for miles about the banks, The fish in this river used to bo abuudnnt especially the largo silver perch, a really delicate treat where mutton iB an almost un varying dish. Many a pleasant afternoon I spent among the bream pools in the rivor, occasionally varying tho spurt by laudiug patriarchal black fish, reaching iib much as four pounds in weight, and more resembling in nppeHrar.ee a Newfoundland cod than a Colonic! freshwater fish. The snipe tco were found on tho banks of the Glcnelg, and the quails bred in thousands upon the rioh grassy flats that stretched to the westward. An ardent all round sportsman could nt the time I speak of have, had bis heart's desire, "and to spate in this garasy coaatcy, As for large game, the kangaroo nud wallaby were plentiful to a nuisance. It so happened thnt I reached this sports- mnu's puradiso in October, and, worse luck, the Game Act was in oporatiou. In fact, it was the close season, Snipe not bolng Ac counted gnrne by Aot of Parliament, were ebootable, but ducks and quail were contra, band, It was my misfortune to have picked up a companion iu araia who re spected the lav,-, ami he would no more shoot a bird out si season than one 'of his neighbor's shosp T tried to convert him from bis bigotry, bnt found liitn'ois ill-dis- posed to change his belief and practice as a Polynesian savage. Eloquence and nrgu meet were alike wasted on his pig- headednees, Indeed, I did myself some harm in bis estimation, nnd bocame an ob ject of suspicion to bim whenever I went oat with my gun. He felt that I had lost all reverence for the law, and all fear of its myrmidons. On one occasion we went out ostensibly to look for snipe, which wore very scarce, and I took care to lead my friend through a clover paddock in which quails were so thick that you could walk them up. As wo pursued our way, with'my fuvorito pointer ahead of us, he remarked that we might have taken a short out to the river instead of going through tho paddock. I replied that auch was the fact, but that since the snipe had become so scarce along the river, it Btpod to reason they mnat have gone elsow'nero, and " where," I asked, " more likely than in this pr.ddook ?" Ha gave mo one of those searching looks of his, and a shade of suspicion came over his honoBt face as he said; "I've been shooting twenty years, and I never knew snipe .to bo found in clover; but" he continued " there are hundreds of quail, and if you shoot one— yon will break tho law." "Exactly," I replied, "but it is hard when a bird get up to say whether it is a snipe or a ouail — or a lark for the matter of that; all a" true sportsmen has to do, is to blaze away and kill whatever be can." " With such sentiments as these, Mr Scalper" he said with a solomn sadness — as if he had taken an extra doeB of castor oil — I cannot regard you as a sportsman at all. Any one of the smallest experience in the field can always tell a snipe from a quail." Just at this momout I'outo came to a point —a good, steady, honest straightforward point, which my conscience told me was a quail. " What on onrth has the dog got ?" I exclaimed, with an alarming expression of innocont astonishment. " A snipe, I verily believe," . " A qnnil, Sir, beyond a doubt I ' Whir-r went tho bird— and bang went my guu, I knew the game was down. " Do you think I hit him ?" I inquired in a really childlike simplicity of tone. " Hit him ?" exclaimed my friend,- in ncoents half mournful and half 0011 temptnous. " Hit him, oh 1 Why, Sir, you have killed a quail, nnd brokeu tho law." "Gooduess.gracious," I ejaculated, "how is it to do nifltluUU, >Yo u>m v k»»« wuw to life. What is to bo done ? " Tlio only thing iB to leave this puddook at once, nud nlee leave the bird." said my sad companion, as lie stalked rupidly towards the rivor, I picked up the bird however, and unseen clapped it into iny gamebag. "I wonld not have bnd this hnppen for . ten pounds," said ray friond, " it sits on ray ooiiseioiice, but now wo are on the snipe ground; look out." Wo had juat enlarged on tho bank of tho rivor, as he mndo this remnrk, and a pretty quite pool lay in front of us, Here wo divided a little, wlien np wont n black duck, which I ruthlessly bowlod ovor. Tliou I heard a yell, and my friend camo up aud asked rae if I know whnt I had done. "Certainly," I repllod, "uhot a big oormoa -.nnf wliinhiFell in tlio rushes on tlio other side of the rivor." "Oh I Mr Scalper," he-gronnod, "it was a duck a beautiful black duok. The quail was bad enough, but this duck business Bottles mature. I can go no furthor. t ebnll go homo. I fool really aiok. I cau t sleep at night alter this wauton brooking of the law— no 1 no t I must go no further with you. t am douo — done — yes and undone too." ' ... . I know there was no sham'jabont this man. His omotiohs wore real nnd sincere, In order, however, to keep up a show of, intogrity as bright aud loyal as his own, I insisted that the bird I shot was a cormor ant. Iu order to sotUo tho point in dispute, , my frirnd agreed to cross the river, and see Tor himself. For this purpose bo went abont fifty lynrds down the river, where a fallen tree' formed n natural kiud of bridge, nnd there be crossed over, I Bat down on the bank wntohing him; It was a rather hazard ous thing, his crossing the rivor on a tree- trunk, but they think nothing of it in tho bnsh, and even little ohildren go daily to school by suoh bridges, No sooner bad bo rencbed the opposite bank thau I saw him bend down to the water's edge, his whole body rigid with exoitement. Then suddenly I saw him rush np the opposite hill as if Old .Nick was in full cry after him, I confess I was perplexed. He conld not have seen tho dnok, for it fell fifty yards at least above the spot. What had happened 1 Uad lie gone mud? These are the qnostions 1 osked myself; Then I thought it might have bcon » snake; but I know my friond was not the man to rnn from a snake. Tho thing whs inexplicable. By-and-byo I saw him re- appi ariug above the hill, aud beckoning to mo to go further down the river, Thither I went, nnd there he joined mo nt a etony ford. He was breathless, pale and excited. " What is all this nbout7" I inquired, " My Godl" hejexclaimed, " I've been punished fur beiug liieaent at this law-brualurig to-day. 1'vo seen a ghost. No sooner had I got on tho other Bide of tho rivor than I fancied I saw a strange reflection of myself in the water. It was like, and yet unlike, myself. I bent down to look closely at it, and, Great Ueaveiin I it was a ghost, swaying in the stream, and 110 reflection at all, Not knowe ing what to do, I ran away." If I bad not known my good friend for nn holiest man, I should huve thought he was- piayiug some joke on rae, and ho certainly wau not mad. Wo therefore agreed to go together to tho spot, as I expressed a Btrong desire to mnkekis ghostship's acquaintance. When we reached tho spot I wont down to the piece indicated, and there, about two feet below the ourfaco of tho clear pool, 1 could diBcern tho face of a man — drowned, I Called my friond, and told him tho truth. Wctben raised the body with a sapling, nud dragged it on to the bank. It could not have been in tho water more than two or three days. It was dressed in moleskin trousers and a pea-jacket. We shot no more that day, but went into Cn'sicitou to inform tho police of our dis covery. I accompanied two of them to the spot. They could not identify the body, and as! no one was reported to bo missing in the district, it was inferred that it was some Etrnoger who tried to cross tho river 011 .the fallen tree, and had tumbled in and met his death. I was much struck with the oaro displayed by the police iu searching the dead man's pockets. They palled out n chamois leather bag which they opened. It contained forty sovereigns, which were duly couuted out and tied up again. There was, however, nothing else — neither token nor letter — by which a olne to the identity of the deceased conld be obtained, l'ho jnry returned n verdict that 11 Deceased — name unknown — was found drowned." 1 have made a solemn resolution — should it ever be my good fortune lo find a corpse again — to searob it j first, nnd then inform tho police. I cannot oven yet forgivo my care lessness in this memorable adventure near Castertou. We never settled tho duok and cormorant controversy — I lost my reputation is m; honest sportsman, and I also lost forty sovereigns, which my conscience in this case would have allowed me to regard in the light of salvage, 