ADELAIDE.. Jnlv 31. A telegram from Fremantlo states that Ifhe barque Star Queen is stranded on ths Murray Reef. During tha year ending Jnne 80, 1184 immigrants were introduced into the colony. It is eetinwted that between 4000 and SOOO will atrite daring ihe ourrent year. : : In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Ward's motion-in fivor of a railway to Melbourne has been postponed for a fortnight. I ?'.?'- Anguit I. WbMit 1» quoted at 5s lid per bushel. Town brands of flour at £11 12s 6^ and oountrj/parosl»)at£ll per ton. [ W«n«!AX! Ohdroh.— The sermtns In «ond«Dtioic iMitfcahe opening of tbe new Wesleyan church will bs preached to-tporrow morning and evening by the Kev. J. D. Hen nessy o1 Tenterfleld. lit tbe afternojon |the Rev W. G. Taylor will deliver an addreB t» ths children. A banuur will be held on Mon day and Tuesday, and a tea meeting on Wednesday, in the Assembly Rooms. I bs Weather. — On Wednesday night last Toowoomba and district were visited with* ifdoome fall of rain. The effect upon the crops will be highly beneficial, as it comes at a time when (bey most need mois ture. We are glad to nottoe that the rainfall was nob restricted to okr district bnt the, blessing was participated in by the far West and ? great .portion of the north. The Australian ElKvbn.— The Austra lian team at present in England have been invitad-by -sejrenl crigkejing clubs in Canada and the United States to visif America, and play there. The leave of absence granted to liessrs Horan, Allan, and Boyle wonld not, however,, permit - of snob an. arrangement, and the remaining members of the iteam say that Australia wonld. not be represented without their' preseace,' The secretary to Tihe elevbo hat therefore . written to the Chief Seoretary, of Victoria, asking for an extension of leave ef absence to the three gentlemen named, and the Melbonrne Age ?ays the request will be granted. TBi TriRik Million L^-AH.-^-TnS debate on Mr ifilwraJtn's mbtionfcr a^hree miUion loan was oenoluded, and a division. taken on Wednesday night. The motion was lost by twenty one to 'twenty votfts, in a division whioh is stated te be withbut precedent in Australia, and there have been very few line* it in England. When the division bell rang Mr O'SnJlivah, the member for Boorke, 'lobldng like the ghost bl Hiii ? former self' walked thM lbs House, the Opposition gi*et ing him with loud obmrsi. At the same momeat Mr Morgan, thV ' CWrman of Committee, mu carried in on a sofa. ,The result of the division was reosived with tlonfl cheers and abonter cheers fremkoth rides of tbe fioufe. ' !The following U the fflVlsion jist : Against JUr-Messni Oarriok, 'Qrifeth', boughs, Dickson, .Miles, Morgan, Kingsferd, fipjc. Bookings, Frwer,1 M'XmuLj .Mil*, Bailey, Maofarlane (Ipswioh), Footo, Murphy, 9Pr!ng, ' Macdotiatd, ?'? Tyrel, KMgell, and BeatU*. T6r, SO -^Messrs Ivorr, Pfersse, Thompson, M'Xlwtslth, Bell, Walsh, Stevenson, Macros san, W. Soott, Palmef, John1 Scott, Pattlgtew, rerkins, Morehoad, tydnllivan, Qraham, Muuutem (Boekhampton)) Fw, Bear, a»d Qnooi i j . ? '. i.i , . / , ' tKspBcroit PAaAfl£i-Aliinsfeotion parade of both oompaniesof volunteers will be held on Wednesday morning next at ton oolock. Gas Company ? The Toowoomba Gas Co.'s Bill was passed without amendment in. the Council on Thursday last. Compakv F. — A commanding officer's parade of the above company will be held on Tuesday evening, when the new helmets will ; be issued to tbe men. i Corcebt. — Mrs Burnell announoes a con cert to be given in Messrs. Paling Kaye and ' Jefferies1 mnsio wharehonse on Thursday, evening next. I Seleotobr' Rbliiut Bill.— In the Ab aembly on Tuesday, this bill was read a third time, passed and ordsred to be trans mitted to the Council. In the Council, on Thuredaay, the bill passed its preliminary stages. - j Company O (Light Infantry) ? At an examination for corporals [for -which there1 were two vacancies) held on Tuesday evening last, private F. Bamford secured the highest number of marks, and was thersfore ap; pointed to one of the vacancies. The ap pointment of the second was deferred until after the ?'?''niifir of- lanoe-oorporaj Savage. T Card Shabprm. — As the ooming show! and raoes will no doubt attract several ot these gentry, it is to be hoped that the com. mittee and stewards will endeavor to exclud« them from the grounds. We notice that at the Maryborough races these pests were quite excluded, owing to the stewards »nd th police working together. Why cannot the same thing be done in Toowoomba ? j Australians at Horn.— It is interesting to know that While Australia ban boast of having produced the champion sculler of thi world, and is distinguishing herself and winning laurels in the cricket field at home; she is also taking high rank and gaining honors in intellectual contests. Ritchie, a Sydney youth, has taken tbe highest trize for anatomy, at the Queen's University, Dublin ; Malin, of 8ydney, took the second prizo. Henry Sinclair, also of Sydney, hafe taken the 'prize in 'the nrnttrtavtedica- er- . animation. Fonr other 'Sydney youths have been equally suooessfur 's^oBf ,3019 competitors from all parts of the world: Quire's Tolmaqcb. — On Tuesday eveO-' ing last several persons - attended itte Scho 1 of Arts to witness Ibe entertatnmont ai -. *o^nceda» ' Herr Tolnjaque's Iwnefit : ar &? which had been freely adrectised infoir. coiamns. We regret that* we' mould ht' e been made— unwittingly it if ^f^r^ -ehidq i tdbe-foel them. At the ibonr js»mftlced the hall was in darkness, and -Herr was in-; visible. On enquiry we were informed that be had been spirited away by those whose tricks he professed to expose. - The next thing- said was that he had taken to tbe «(idy of astronomy, and had beoonte; obfus cated in observing the phasss of the three planeto discovered by Henuessy, a.nd h^d discovered numerous . aatolVtes. Others again said that he had played his ' trudp trick,' and was gone to add another chapter to his sensational tale of ' The Struggles of 'Life.' However that may be we can only pass on the question asked us, 'Where's Tolmaque !' Baker and Farrost.— To add to the at tractions of the ehow week, theso talented comedians will give some of their most po pular performances at the School of Arts, commencing on Tuesday next. Messrs Baker and Farron performed for one even ing in. Toowoomba twelve months ago, when many persons were unable to obtain ad mittance to the hall, and numbers had to content themselves with standing room. To the regret of a large number, these olever actors could not make a longer stay. Now, however, they will perform for five nights, aothat all may have an opportunity of witness ing their delineations of character. When we say that they have reoeived the highest enwmiumB of the Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane press, we think such recommenda tions ought to assure the residents of Too woomba and suburbs that a treat of no or dinary kind awaits them on next Tuesday and following evenings. We refer onr readers ,io onr advertising columns for the programme to be submitted for their delectation. Pablumentabt.— On Thursday in the As sembly, Mr Ivory carried on division by 16 to 13, a vote for £2000 for repairing the fol lowing roads, vis i-OayndahLto DalgangaL Oayndah to Auburn and Eedbank, Gayndsh to Dalby, Oayndah to Nanango, Nanango to Kilklvan. Mr.' Groom carried a motion by 13 to 9 for £100 to recoup Mr. W. M. Boyce. late a clerk in the Lands office, for lots o; ? salary in 1670. The following motiqn by Mr. Groom, was agreed to :— ' That it is de sirable that a sufficient portion of the loan vote for railway surveys be applied to dbf ray the expanses of a trial survey between Too woomba and Cambooya, «taDrayson. Re ports from Committee of the Whole to the following amounts were adopted :— £300t) for roads in the Darling Downs electoral ; £600 for a coutt-hbUBe, at Cunnamoila ; and UB600 for a court- house at Taroom. The Houke in committee agreed to £800 compensation to Mr. Statham Lowe. The House adjoiraed until Thursday n ext. ' Accident to Mr Moroa*.— On there turn from an. excursion by. steamer pn Satur day last, the Courier reports thai a serious accident happened to Mr Morgan, the Chair man of Committees. In stopping frofc the Unding-etBge to the wharf, he gave his (right foot a twist which instantly caused a oom pound fractal* of^fce le* *bove the i nkle. le was at once removed to his aparti lents in the Legislative Assembly building and attended-*?. Dr. O'Oohertv, who se ; the bsftes, and did all that mepioamkiU coola suggest fur the relief bt the Kffferer. The excursionists appeared much concern id at the untoward close of their trip, . rhich otherwise ended most pleasantly,, ahd muoh eympatby was expressed for the lijured,, gentlemen, whose geniality aeemed t- have won general appreciation. The pati mVis progressing very favorably, but thHnjury wilFlay him aside for some Weeks at laast. 