of £X THE solemn obsequies of the late Holy Father, Pope Pius IX., were celebrated in the Metropolitan Church on Thursday week, and proved worthy of the sad and mournful occasion. The massivepillars dividing the aisles from the nave were hung from capital lo base with heavy festoons of mourning drapery ; the altars, the wall at the back of the sanctuary, the archiepisc.jpal throne, the communion rails, the pulpit, the windows in the immediate vicinity of the altars, and the front of the ' organ gallery, were draped in mourning. Tlie Papal Arms, consisting of the crossed keys, surmounted by the tiara, were hung on the sauctuary wall at either side of the high altar. The catafalque was, as customary, erected in the centre of the nave, close to the communion rails. It bore upon the top the chalice and paten, on the sides the Papal Arms, and at the foot were placed two croziers and a model of tlie pontifical tiara,'composed of white silk and gold thread. The Pontifical Flag (white and yellow, with the Papal Arms embroidered in gold) was hoisted half mast high on the belfry. During the morning the muffled bells tolled solemnly, and rang out joyously at intervals—first, for the death of the late beloved and lamented Pontiff, and then in celebration of the election of his successor, Leo XIII. On Wednesday evening Vespers were recited for the deceased Pontiff, His Grace the Archbishop presiding, and eight priests assisting. On Thursday morning the congregation began at an early hour to pour into the church, and at a quarter to ten, when the ceremonies commenced, there was hardly a spot of sitting or standing room unoccupied in the building. The benches were filled to their utmost capacity, and all the passages were blocked with people. It is estimated that the Metropolitan Church, in its present unfinished condition, is capablc of holding 6000 persons, so that fully that number must have been assembled beneath its lofty roof on that Thursday morning. No more imposing or solemn ceremony—certainly no larger congregation—had been previously witnessed within its walls since. the Provincial Council of 18G9. Amongst those present were large numbers of the several Protestant denominations, including many of their clergy, who, it is not too much to believe, were present,notsomuchthrough curiosity, as from impulse of a feeling of esteem for the saintly and benevolent Pontiff whose memory wasbeinghonored. The western aisle was chiefly occupied by the pupils of the Convent of Mercy, Fitzrny, and the female children of St. Vinoent de Paul's Orphanage, Emerald Hill. Of the latter, there were 87 girls in dark merino dresses, neat white collars and cuffs, and white straw hats trimmed with crapo. There were present, of the former, 333, consisting of young ladies of the boarding and day schools, in black dresses and white veils, and children of the primary schools, wearing white dresses, black Bashes, and white veils. All the pupils of the convent schools assembled at the convent at a quarter to eight o'clock, and were conducted in a body to the church. After the obsequies they returned together to the convent, and the next day they were given a holiday. The appearance and demeanour of the orphans, and of all the pupils of the Bisters of Mercy, attracted much attention and interest, and called forth the admiration of many of the spectators, amongst them a correspondent whose letter we published last week. We believe that the orphan girls selected to attend were those only who were able to walk from the train to the church. Twice the number might have been present but for the difficult task of conveying the tiny ones through the streets. The church presented a singularly solemn and striking spectacle. The sombre drapery, the white surplices of the prieBts, the mournful gregorian musio, and the circumstances of the occasion, all combined to make a deep impression on the spectator. The clergy, who took part in the services were—The Most Rev. Dr. Goold, O.S. A., Archbishop of Melbourne; the Eight Rev. Dr. Crane, O.S. A., Bishop of Sandhurst; the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G., Melbourne; the Yery Rev. Dr. Backhaus, V.G., Sandhurst; the Yery Rev. Dean England, the Very Rev. Dean O'Hea, the Very Rev. Archprletft O'Meare.the Rev. Dr. Corbett, the Rev. W. H. Quirk, the Very Rev. T. Cahiil, S.J., the Rev. C, Nulty, S.J., the Rev. J. Mulhall, S.J., the Rev. J. Dalton, S.J., the Rev. A', Kranewitter, S. J., the Rev. F. Murphy, S.J., the Revt J. O'Malley, S.J., the Rev. J. M'Enroe, S.J., the Rev. Father Kennedy, S.J.,' the Venerable Archdeacon Slattery, D.D., the Very Ret. Dean Geoghegan, A.M., tbe Rev. T. Donaghy, the Rev. P. J. Ayiward, the Rev. D. F. Barry, G.S.B., the Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan, the Rev. M. Gough, the Rev. H. Allen, O.S.A., the Rev. J. O'Driscoll, the Rev. M. Hayes, the Rev. P. O'Donoughoe, the Rev. T. J. O'Callaghan, the Rev. J. Horan, the Rev. M. Farrelly, the Rev. P. Moran, the 'Eev. M. Carey, the Rev. W. Quilter, the Eev. K. Ellis, the Rev. T. J. Egan, the Eev. P. Keams, the ^ev. J. Eoche, the Eev. W. M. Finn, tbe Rev. D. Quinn; Dr. Bi'ownless, vicechancellor of the University; Mr. W. H.Archer and Sir John O'Shanassy, as Knights of St. Gregory the Great, occupied seats within the sanctuary. Tbe office of the dead was concluded at eleven o'clock, and then the Requiem Mass was commenced. His Grace the Archbishop was celebrant; the Yery Eev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G., assistant priest; the Very Rev. Archpriest O'Meara, deacon ; the Very Eev. Dean England, sub-deacon; the Eev T. Donaghy, master of the ceremonies ; and the Eev. Dr. Corbett, and the Rev. C. Nulty, S.J., deacons at the throne. At the office the Eev. J. O'Malley, S.J., and the Rev. P. J. Ayiward were the cantors. A choir of male voices, consisting of members of the choirs of the Metropolitan Church, St. Francis' Church, St. Ignatius' Church, Richmond, and St. Mary's Church, St. Kilda, took part in the singing incidental to the office and the Mass. Amongst those who formed the choir were Rev.. J. O'Malley, S.J., Rev. P. J. Aylward, Mr. C. A. Tracy, organist of the Metropolitan Church ; Mr. W. R. Furlong, choirmaster, and Mr. J. F. Kennedy, librarian, of St. Francis' ; Mr. L. S. Daniels, choir of St. Mary's, St. Kilda ; and Mr. W. F. Dixon. At the conclusion of Mass the ceremonies at the catafalque were conducted by the Bishop of Sandhurst, Dr. Fitzpatrick, Dr. Backhaus, Archpriest O'Meara, and Father Barry, O.S.B. The final absolution of the dead was pronounced by his Grace the Archbishop. At about a quarter to one o'clock the funeral oration was commenced. The Very Rev. Thomas Oahill, 8.J., then ascended the pulpit and preached tbe panegyric of the deceased Pontiff. He ohose for his text the words of our Lord—" Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Ohuroh, and the gates'of hell shall not prevail againBt her." (Matt. xvL 18.) Those words exoited on that day emotions in the heart of every Catholic. Tbey were words with which from infancy we were famiiiar. Tbe Gatholio child learned them by heart, and his infant and unformed mind saw all the beauty of that metaphor of tbe rook. As he grew be learned and. studied the history of the Oatholio Ohuroh from the beginning, and saw more olearly the beauty and appropriateness of the metaphor. There were oooaBions when those words excited especial emotion, and bad a meaning different from that which they had on ordinary oooasions. Such was tbe moment when the Oatholio Ohuroh saw one Sovereign Pontiff pasB away and another rise in his place; for the Oatholio knew that in that transformation Peter lived. He knew that, althoagh Peter as a man died, he lived and spoke in every age through his successors—in Linus andLeo he Great, and Gregory the Great, and elestine the First, arnd St. PhiB V., and all is successors ; and so had we seen him live n our own days in tbe person of'Pins IX. e knew that Pins IX. was man, and, herefore, mortal. Tbe news of his death illed as with grief, although it came not unxpectedly. But there was much to assuage nd lessen the grief that at present occupied he heart of every Catholic. On the 16th ane, 184C, the assembled Cardinals, after he eleotion of Pius IX., raised their hands o Heaven and exclaimed, " May the Lord less biro and prolong his life, and _ make im blessed upon earth, and de!iver bim not o tbe will of his enemies;" and from that ay until the last of biB life the same prayer ent ap from every Catholic family and very Catholic altar. And how wonderfully od'had heard that prayer! While we grieved t tbe death of Pius IX., those thoughts esuaged and lessened our grief. God had, ndeed, preserved and blessed hi in upon arth—blessed him in choosing him to efine the doctrine of the Immaculate Coneption cf the ever-blessed Virgin ; blessed im in the love of every Catholic family, rom the rising to the setting sun ; blessed im in a universal love, unexampled in past imes ; blessed bim with that special blessng pronounced by Him whose Vicar he as. God had singularly bl<>686d him in rolonging bis life that he might suffer for ustice' sal-e. When a new Pope was elected, hese words were addressed to him : " Thou halt not see the years of Peter." It was a rearkable, thing that, during eighteen hundred earf.no Supreme Pontiff reigned longerthan eter. Peter reigned twenty-five years, and ius IX. had well-nigh finished the thirty- seoond year of his reign. Yet Pius " did not see the years of Peter" fully; for Peter was Head of the Church and Vicar of Jesus Christ, not alone from the moment of his arrival in Bome, in the year A.I>. 41, but from the moment of the Ascension of his Divine Master, so that Peter, in reality, governed the Universal Church for thirty-two years. Pius IX. had, therefore, to live for a few months longer to have seen the years of Peter. Thus, notwithstanding the length of days which Pius IX. saw as Head of the Universal Church, the words, " Thou shalt not see the years of Peter," were verified in him. " The gates of bell," said Christ, " shall sot prevail against her." Those words were verified in this age, as in every age of the Church. From the beginning the powers of hell raged againtt tlio Church, and endeavoured to destroy her, but bad failed. During the first three centuries, netfrly every Vicar of Christ laid down his life for his Master. In the earlier ages of the Churob, the powers of hell sought as it were to smother the Church in the blood of ber children. In modern times those same powers bad etiapged tbeir tactics, bat their objeot was the Btime; yet when was there saoii unanimity amongst the hearts of Catholics as in our own days? When was the figure of the one fold and the one shepherd exemplified in a more striking manner as in our own times ? Our present grief was also assuaged by the, knowledge that God raised up Pins IX. for great and noble works; and while weeping over tbe bier of the dead Pope, we would thank God that he strengthened that glorious Pontiff to govern His Ohuroh with wisdom and "prudenoe tor so many eventful years. From the time that, in the vigour of his health and strength, be was called to fill the ohair of St. Peter; hislife was a kind of commentary on the promises of his Divine Master. Prom the beginning to the end of his government of the Church there was manifest in ail he did the man of God, tbe soldier of Jesus Christ, the fearless defender of the rights of the Church. It would not seem strange if the preaoher recalled tbe glories and trials of the life of Pius IX. rather than ask prayers for tbe repoEe of his soul. He knew that, wete he (o say to his hearers, " Eternal rest grant to him, 0 Lord," they would answer from tbeir inmost hearts, " And let perpetual light shine upon him." We could not think that he who proclaimed Mary Immaculate was now suffering in the fire of Purgatory, bat that she, whose devout and loyal client he was, obtained for him immediately after death entry into immortal glory. And this was another thought which assuaged our grief as we shed tears on his bier. Of the childhood of John Mastai Ferretti we knew little except that a pious mother taught him to venerate the Holy Virgin Mary, to look upon himself as ber client, and to venerate with a true Catholic spirit the Vicar of Christ upon earth. He studied some years in tbe College of a religious congregation. There was a time in yonth when it was his intentieo to enrol himself in the guard of Pope Pius VII., but circumstances induced bim lo turn his thoughts to another career. He desired to wear the livery, the uniform, of Jesus Christ; and in hopes that be would be freed from an illness from wbioh he suffered, he made a pilgrimage to the shrine of our Lady of Loretto. He was cured almost miraculously, and ordained priest in 1819, receiving at tbe same time from the reigning Pontiff an injunction never to offer up the Holy Sacrifice except another priest was at his side. Young Mastai Ferretti begged most earnestly that this restriction might be withdrawn, and the Pope consented to its being done, remarking, prophetically, " I believe you will never be again afflicted with this malady." After his ordination Mastai Ferretti bad for seven years charge of a bouse of orphans ; till Leo XII., seeing tbe abilities and virtues of the young priest, appointed him to accompany an apostolic delegate to Chili, in South America. Ferretti's mother interposed. She feared that she would not again see her son ; but the Pope again prophesied and assured her that she would see him again, and that he wonld have lengthened days. For 6ome time tbe young priest was in prison in the Island of Majorca, God seeming desirous to prepare him for the trials which he was afterwards destined to undergo as Head of the Church. The mission of tbe Apostolic Delegate was not successful, and be and bis companions returned to Europe. In little things men sometimes manifested tbeir interior and showed what manner of men they were. ¥oung Ferretti, while crossing the continent of America, found in amiserable inn an English officer—a Protestant—lying in fever, and nearly abandoned. The heart of the young prieBt was moved to compassion, and having allowed the apostolic delegate and his suite to proceed on their journey, be watched over the officer and attended him like a nurse till he was completely restored to health. Thus he exhibited that charity which in after life gave such splendid examples to Christian people. On his retu:n to Europe, Leo XII, appointed bim Archbishop of Spoleto, which see he governed from 1829 to 1832, proving himself to be a true shepherd of his flock, prepared to lay down his life for them if neoessary. In those years great poverty existed in Spoieto, and the holy Archbishop gave away all that be possessed to relieve the sufferings of the poor, and when no longer he possessed tbe ordinary means to do so, he sold the furniture of his bouse, his plate, and even some of the sacred vessels of the altar, and made himself poor for Jesus Christ, but rrbh in another sense. In the year 1832 he was made Archbishop of Imola, in the government of which church he manifested tbe same virtues and charity as he had exhibited at Spoleto. Seeing tbe wants of his people he invited thenunsof the Good Shepherd to settle down in his diocese. The preacher then recited 'tbe eulogistic opinion of that order]whichtheArohbishopofImolaexpresBed concerning it, an order or .branch of which existed in our midst at Abbotsford. In 1841 Gregory XVI. raised Archbishop Ferretti to the dignity of Cardinal, and as such he continued to practioe virtue as in the preceding period of his life. In Jane, 1846, God was pleased to call to himself the Sovereign Pontiff, Gregory XVI., and in the same month Cardinal Ferretti left for Bome, as he was in duty bound to take part in tbe election of his suooessor. On tbe road from Imola to Bome, at the little village of Fosumbrom, {it was observed that a dove hovered about the carriage which conveyed the Arohbishop. It was driven away by those who were present, but still followed the conveyance; and as the people saw it, they exclaimed, " Cardinal Ferretti will be Pope 1" The circumstance, might be purely aooidental, but there was something singular in the faot that, as we were told, the spirit of God first descended upon the Apostles in the form of a dove, such a bird should light upon the carriage which contained . him who was destined to be the successor of the chief of tbe Apostles. After the Conclave had sat for' •ah. unprecedented^ short time, Ferretti was chosen Pope, and took the name of Pius IX. Immediately there was joy throughout Christendom; and althoagh - the new Pope was not known to the people who hailed his advent .to the -Papal throne, all that they had'heard of him filled them with admiration. One month after his eleotion—on the 18th July, 18.46— he published an amnesty to all those who were in prison for political offences. Gregory XVI. had passed through troublous times. fionsrrirators bad attempted to undermine his tCne and deBtroy his temporal power, and, in gSi-defence, he was obliged to impnson Lm for what Lome people regard as purely p M Crimes, but which CaftoUcs look upon as partaking of sacrilege. The only Stion which Pius DC imposed upon those he was about to liberate was that they should promise they would not agarn conspire against the Papal government; and this they did, swearing in the strong lanonao-e of their country by their heads and the heads of their children that they wo aid not abase the clemency that was extended to them. All Italy bailed Pins IX. as a great reformer, and his gifts were apparently received with gratitude and with every prospeot of their being well used. But we know how the objects of hiB liberality began to conspire against him immediately after they were set at liberty. One of them—Joseph Mazzini— laid the elaborate plan by which the throne of his lawful sovereign was to be undermined. That man expressly counselled that, while the conspirators acknowledged their gratitude for the liberty which had been restored to them, they should awaken within the people tbe spirit of revolution. That hypocritical conspirator made it his mission to wage war against Jesus Christ and His Vicar—against the Church of God, and, in a special manner, against the members of the Society of Jesus. The last-named he reviled in the most virulent language; but the preacher need not say that those whom he stigmatised regarded his enmity as tbe highest honour. Mazzini was allied, ®WfiW8onB^. and regardeS'TEat. society as something innocent, forgetting the anathemas pronounced against it, as the enemy of the religion of Jesus Christ, by the Church of God. The preacher then read some of the rules of the order of Freemasons, as justifying the condemnation of the craft by the Catholic Church. He then went on to say that Leo XIII. would receive, as part of his inheritance, all the opposition and maliae which had been directed against Pius IX. and his predecessors. But let the preacher pass on to another subject in connection with the life of the late lamented Pontiff. In 1854 Pius IX. undertook the fulfilment of a vow which he made in early years to the ever-blessed Virgin Mary. At the invitation of Pius IX., from every land under the sun bishops hastened to Rome to unite their voices with that of the Supreme Pastor in proclaiming Mary immaculate; in proclaiming that she, amongst all the daughters of Eve, had not fallen under the original curse. Pius IX., as the teacher ol God's people and the exponent of the traditions of the Church, believed, like nearly all other Catholics, that the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception of Mary had come from heaven, from tbe Holy Ghost, and was part of the deposit of faith ; and he considered tbe time had come to define it as a fixed article of Catholic belief. Meantime the enemies of Pius IX. plotted against him in Italy. It was not necessary for the preacher to do more than allude to the war which was waged in Italy a few years ago, in which the head of the French nation took part, through fear of tbe FreemaaonB and other seoret societies. Napoleon III. was not impelled to engage in that war by heroism, but by cowardice ; not by love' of the Italians or the Italian nation, but fear of secret conspirators. His arms were victorious in that war, and from that time till his fall he practised the most subtle duplicity. He spoke and wrote as the dutiful son of the Holy Father and bis loyal ally, yet he allowed evil to run its coarse, and the oonspirators to work out their nefarious designs Bgainst lawfully constituted authority. Was there a more shameful page in history than the invasion of Sicily ? At the time that the plans for what was known as the unification of Italy were , being matured, Pius IX. replied to the overtures and representations made to him only with the words, " Non poseumut"—" We cannot do that which our conscience condemns." The invasion of the Roman States was ultimately effected, but a part of them was left to the Pope through fear of the opposition of France. In that hour of trial to Pius IX., and aggression upon the patrimony of St. Peter, the youth of France, Belgium, Holland, and Ireland hastened from their native lands to offer their personal assistance to the Holy Father in the time of his difficulties. It was a proud thing toi remember that, on that occasion, the young men' of Ireland, inheriting the chivalrous spirit of their forefathers and the attachment of their ancestors to the See of Peter, want to Borne with the sole desire of defending the rights of the Vicar of Christ, or. shedding their blood for him. The resistance which those brave young men offered to the enemies, of Pius IX. was useless, bat we could not regard their blood. as shed in vain. Although they failed to overwhelm the hordes of Piedmontese that were pitted against them, they did not fight and bleed in vain, foe their noble example Would incite others to go - and do likewise. Those were heroes, indeed, Whose names would live in •oog and story—worthy to be mentioned with Godfrey de Bouillon and Richard the Lion- Hearted, heroes who were exponents of the piety and faith of their Catholic forefathers, and of their, love for the Sovereign Pontiff ; who,in a time when solemn promiles and .sacred oaths' were trampled under loot, and human and divine rights utterly ignored/ fought and spilt tliejrlilood in {he cause of truth and justioe. Again in bis affliction Pius IX turned round to tbe vast flock entrusted to his charge. In 1862, and again in 1S67, be summoned tbe biBbopB of the Universal Church to express an opinion concerning matters of importance to the Catholio Church, and to take counsel as to the manner in which tbe rights of the Church should be maintained in tboBe times. Those bishops declared that the temporal sovereignty of the Pope was given to him by Providence for the wise, prudent, and convenient government of the Church, that the Vicar of Christ could neither be the subject nor the guest of any earthly potentate. That declaration strengthened cur faith as Catholics that the temporal power of the Pope was of divine origin, and inspired us with hope that, sooner or later, it would be restored to the Roman Pontiffs. Calculated by human probability the day seemed far distant when the Holy Father would be restored to the patrimony of Peter; but let us look at wliat had occurred in the present century. During the Pontificate of Pope Pius VII., the first Napoleon proclaimed the states of the Church " eternally united " to tbe French empire. How God laughs at the insolent deorees of man 1 The unhappy man who made that declaration lived to see the end of Xhe eternity which he created. He was a heipless prisoner upon a rock in the ocean when Pius VII. was restored in triumph to his dominions. And by whom was Pius replaced on that throne from which he was .dragged by the French Emperor ? Not by the Catholic nations, but by England and Russia—neither of whom was in communion with the See of Rome. Thus, when we saw how Providence acted in the most unexpected and unforeseen ways,.we ought not ceasn to hope that the temporal power of the Pope would be restored some day. Another great event in the lite of Pius IX. was the publication of tbe document which bad been described at great length, and in inost angry language, in every part of the world—the Encyclical Letter and Syilabus of December, 1864. The Sovereign Pontiff is the great teacher of Christianity, and ihis office ha exercises in teaching what the faithful are to believe, and what refuse to believe. Pius IX., in his Encyclical, collected together a number of doctrinal decisions given by him; and in that remarkable document we saw how vast a field the Sovereign Pontiff had to travel in deciding npon matters of faith. We saw the various and numerous dangers which threatened the Church in our day, and how necessary it was to have one placed over the Ch urch to lead us to wholesome pastures. Many of the errors condemned by Pius IX in his Syllabus were taught in the colleges and universities which claimed to be Christian. For example, the philosophy of John Stuart Mill was openly taught in many such establishments, and that philosophy clearly denied the existence of free will. In that Syllabus were condemned errors which were calculated to sap the foundations, not only of Christian •religion, but of civil society. There was a perfect storm of excitement over the condemned proposition that the Roman Pontiff could reconcile himself with modern civilisation. But the Supreme Pontiff explained the kind of " moderncivilisation" with which he could nerw be reconciled. He could not be reconciled with that civilisation which taught that the civil power was supreme in all things; which destroyed . the sanctity of Christian marriage; which justified the arbitrary power of chance success. A civili sation wwhich taught that, if a thief success fully resisted the owner of the property he stole, he was an honest man; which taught that, if a murderer managed to escape the law, he "became an honourable citizen;; a civilisation that adopted the false, pernicious, and unjust principle of non-intervention. If that doctrine of non-intervention were to be carried out to the fullest extent, a man who saw his fellow-creature brutally ill-used in the public street, should not, in the interests of humanity, interfere. The Holy Father could never be reconciled to that modern civilisation which tolerated the false phi! osophy that man was descended from monkeys, and denied the splendid origin which was related of him in the Old Testament. Lord forbid we should ever be reconciled with such " modern civilisation." We were tired of declaring that the Church was not the enemy of science and material progress. The Church only opposed those promoters of civilisation .who sought to destroy her authority and vilified her ministers. , We had seen this " modern civilisation" of late years in Rome.' We had seen men enter convents of religious orders and rob the nuns of the dowries which they received from their . parents and brought into religion. Those religions who were thus robbed of their private property received from the Government which had despoiled them a pension of 2id. a dayl This kind of civilisation was justified by the Parliament sitting at Rome, which held the dootrine that told ns that •whatever waB agreed to by a majority was justified. This was not a real but a bastard civilisation, originating in human;conuption,' and founded npon injustice and hypocrisy. One great glory oame from the '(Ecumenical Council which Pins IX. convened at Borne on the 8 th Deoember, 1869. That Council placed in a clearer light before mankind the dootrine of the Infallibility' of the Vicar of Ohiist All Catholics believed in the infallible teaching of the Ohnroh, bnt there were some who thought that the doctrinal ^decisions of the Pope ought not to be;received as final until they had obtained the sanation of the Church. In all ages the voice of the Sovereign Pontiff was received as the voice of Peter, the. voice of Christ. In ages long gone by it was declared, " Peter has spoken through Leo." At the Council of 1869 it was decreed, after long and unanimous discussion, in which the greatest liberty of speech was allowed, that when the Pope spoke from the chair of St. Peter to the Universal Church on matters of faith and morah his voice was tbe infallible word of Christ. The opportuneness or otherwise of tbe definition was the only thing in dispute at the Council, The sphere to which' the infallibility of the Pope extended was not very large. It was confined, cs before stated, to matters of faith and morals—to the exposition of the sacred Scriptures and tbe ecclesiastical traditions. Tue definition of the Vatican Council did not ulter the faith of Catholics or introduce a new belief. No doubt a Dew and contemptible sect were opposed to the definition, but we could count them on our fingers; and some of them reminded us of the saying of Erasmus concerning the "reformers" of the sixteenth century, that their secession trom the Church commenced in a tragedy and ended in a comedy—for it wound up with a marriage. The Church always wished to receive again those erring children ; and, fortunately for themselves, some of those who fell away from the Church when the Papal infallibility was proclaimed, had returned to their allegiance to Christ's Church with, it was to be hoped, sincere and penitent hearts. The preacher then referred to the Irish famine of 1847, when the people died by hundreds of thousands. While tbe British Government shamefully neglected its duty, Pius IX. sent from his limited exchequer a handsome present towards the relief of the suffering people. Father Cfthill next reviewed the proceedings of the secret societies in Italy ; detailed the circumstances ccncected with the murder of Count Rossi; and spoke of the Pope's flight to Go eta in the kingdom of Naples, and his subsequent restoration to his dominions through the instrumentality of the French Republic. In 1870 the final stroke at tbe temporal power of the Pope was made. The King of Sardinia, with his army, reached the walls of Rome, and then sent to the Pope a mr-ssage which would be known in history as the kiss of Judas. Victor Emmanuel sent to the Pope an emissary, who was said to have obtained an audience of the Holy Father for two minutes, and who bore a letter from his master, declaring tbat, with the affection of a son, the faith of a Catholic, tbe patriotism of an Italian, and the honour of a king, he came to relieve the Pope from the burden of temporal affairs. At the moment that that bypooritical message was sent to the Pope, the cannon were already placed against the walls of Rome. When the Xing of Sardinia entered the eternal city, he went, in accordance with a previous arrangement, to take up his residence in the Quirinal Palace—one of the palaces of tbe Pope. Pius IX. was at that time 'eojourning in the Vatican. Victor Emmanuel sent to him a messenger to ask for tbe keys of the Quirinal. The Holy Father replied: "It is not usual for burglars, when they are about to enter a house, to send to the owner for the keys; they generally break open the place." He did not give up the keys, and the doors were broken open. After the invasion of Rome by the King of Sardinia, the Pope was virtually a prisoner in the Vatican; he could not go through the streets of Rome without being insulted. It was said that Victor Emmanuel feared to live in the Quirinal; and probably he did, for every thing around him must have reminded him that he was a robber and a usurper. Let us hope that the blessing of the Supreme Pontiff brought him peace in his last hour, and that, before he went to meet the King of kings, and Judge of judges, he fully realised the crimes of which he had been guilty against the Vicar and the Church of Christ. Within a month of the death of the King of Sardinia the Sovereign Pontiff himself was called away. As a man lived so would he die, and happy must have been the death of Pius IX. The late Holy Father never trembled except for individuals amongst the faithful. In the exercise of his authority, he had condemned the usurpations of the civil authorities; for example, the system of purely secular instruction which was so largely approved of in this colony; but when he spoke strongly, he spoke in the spirit of his Divine Master, who so frequently uttered such scathing words against the Scribes and Pharisees, He went from our midst bearing with him our prayers and blessings, and when he entered the heavenly mansion he met the many saints whom he had beatified and oanonised—amongst them the 205 Japanese martyrs whom he had enrolled amongst the saints, and 34 of whom belonged to the Society of Jesus. He was greeted by all the other saints, confessors, and virgins, who were grateful to him for having made their names glorious upon earth. On the 12th of March in last year, Pine IX., when speaking of the temporal power of the Pope, said the Sovereign Pontiff Aast be either a sovereign or a prisoner; and to the last day of his life he acted npon that prinoiple. Amongst those whom he first saw when he entered into Heaven was the Immaculate Virgin, in whose crown npon earth he had placed the fairest and brightest gem. In bis last moments we might be sure that the thoughts of Pius IX. wandered baok to the 8thl of Deoember, 1854. He might be said in one sense to have died the death of a martyr; but in a certain sense he triumphed over all his enemies. The preacher could hardly ask his hearers to pray for the repose of the soul of Pins IX. He would rather exhort them to regard him as a new protector whom God had given us in the Kingdom of Heaven. The whole life of Pio Nono, as they had traced it, confirmed them, after tbe lapse of eighteen centuries, in their faith of the words of Christ:— " Thou art, Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against her." Father Cahill's address was concluded at a quarter to three o'clock, and the congregation then dispersed, the "Dead March" from "Saul" being played upon the organ. 