BURWOOD WESLEYAN CHURCH \-------<>---------- The memorial-stones of a new Wesleyan Church, at Bur- wood, were laid yesterday in the presence of about fifty ladlies and gentlemen. After devotional exercises, the Rev. Mr. Hurst presented Mrs. W. Schofield with a mallet and trowel on behalf of the trustees ; and, in doing so, expressed a hope that the lady would long live to take an active and useful part in such proceedings. The formal laying of the-stone was then performed by Mrs. Schofield. Tho second stone was laid by Mrs. J. H- Fletcher, who was also presented with a mallet and trowel. Tho Rev. J. H. -Fletcher, President of Newington College, then delivered an address, during tho course of which he adverted to the permanence of pure and soul saving Christianity, which, he said, would outlive every change. \- The third stone was laid by the Rev- George Hurst, the president of the New South Wales and Queensland Conference, who deposited n bottle containing the cus- tomary papers in a cavity. In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, he declared the stones. well and -faithfully laid. It was one of tho maxims he said of their great founder-" Friends of all, but enemies of none" and they had held to it during 160 years. He was quite sure that in laying these stones they were not acting as enemies of the Christian Church, but, he trusted, as friends of all. The cost of the building they intended at present to erect, including the land, would be about £2200, and when finished it would cost great deal more, and would then seat 650 people. He wished to mention that a cheque for £50 had been given by Mrs. Schofield in memory of her late husband, and she had given also £25. They would require all the assistance. of their friends, and for himself he would contribute £100 (Applause). \- A collection was then made, and realised a considerably amount, and the proceedings were brought to a close in the usual mannor. The following is a description of the building:-The church, is to be in the gothic style of architecture, cruciform in shape, and will be, when complete, 70 feet length oí nave, by 38 feet wide and 70 feet across the transepts, by a width of 24 foot with two transept porches, and a spacious nave porch opening into the street opposite the railway. On the western side ot the transept there will be two vestries. The walls are to be 17 feet high, and 46 feet to the ridge. The portion of tho church for which contracts have been signed, includes 46 feet of tho nave, the front porches, and a temporary vestry. Tho foundations and walls of the church are to be of stone, in foot courses, pitch-face with chiselled dressings, tracery, &c.; The roof will be shingled and supported by four ornamental principals of Oregon and hardwood, and plastered at collar ties. The walls are to be plastered and cemented inside. The floors are to be laid with hardwood while all the seating, rostrum, &c;, are to be of pine. The front faces the railway commanding a fine view from the porch steps, and rises from ground to pinnacle 60 feet. Tho central feature projects from main gable, and has in the plan a deeply recessed arch with rose window and two lancets; this is flanked by octa- ganal pinnacles and crowned at apex by an ornate finial. Tho main gable is well accentuated by square buttressed pinnacles with octagon terminals.In front of the main gable there is shown a porch with gabled entrance doorway in centre, and flanked at each asde by a turret, with lofty shingled roof. The side elevation con- pists of four bays, with well-proportioned buttresses, and in each bay a two light window with plate tracery, heads, labels, and bosses. Tho south or chancel end will be boarded up and plastered for the present. The fenestra- tion will be filled in with stained glass in square and other shaped quarries, and Tobin's method of ventilation with certain modifications will be adopted. The contractor for the stonework is Mr. Dowling, of Darlington ; and for the finishing trades Messrs. Watson and Sons, of Petersham. Mr. William Boles is the architect. 