ORIGINAL SKETCHES BY TOM NORTHE.. HOW SMITH ILLUSTRATED 1 MY', FIRST NOVteLETiE. CHAPTER II. ;i In the next, Smith pictured-a coy and shrinking female throwing a lot -of boiling water oyer me, and he made a good likeness of me too, and of a pair 6f pet, })laid trousers of mine (just like those worn by the late Minister of Education'' whose chequered career has since come to an'end) ; under this Smith wrote under the spill." Auybody but Smith could have understood the chapter I wrote, and headed " tinder the spell." It showed how Delavely fought a "pile," through being under the spell, and thought " the world -well' lost" for this woman and all his subsequent conduct, and little eccentricities produced by the spell I explained " distinctually," and yet Smith must go and make this fatal error. The forked-tongue reptile swore, when I taxed him with it, that I made an i and dotted it in the word spell; but then above all to go and choose my face for a model for his scalded jackass. Smith's next gifted conception pictured the R. A. vision pitching into Delavely and giving him a pair of midnight black eyes. Below this the lying paw of the divine genius had written, " witching dark eyes." My chapter with this heading had showed how the R. A. vision had brought men the highest in the laud, and kings and princes to her feet by the magic spell of her " witching dark eyes." His next is revolting in the extreme, and no other mind but Smith's would have been loathsomely low enough to conceive it. It was this, Delavely's plighted one is standing near him as he reclines on a bank of sea-weed on the " sounding sea- shore," and she is holding a laced handkerchief, which the spectators feels sure has chloroform on it, to her loved one's retrousse nose, whilst she relieves him of small valuables with a demoniacal sneer displacing the ghost of a platonic kiss that Delavely had, but a short time before, pressed 011 her scarlet lips. It is ever thus, while our kiss is yet wann on her lips, woman relieves our pockets of little superfluous valuables ; they've done it to me, I had one and ninepence taken in this way once. Well, beneath this Smith wrote, " with a sweet smile she stole on me." Letting pass the " she stole on me" specimen of Smith's grammar. I will refer to my version of " with a sweet smile she stole on me." I simply told how Delavely's plighted one surprised him once in an arbour and a reflective mood. • The reader's subtle acumen will enable them to remember how all novels have it in similar eases. The girl steals gently up with a bright smile parting her tempting lips, puts her little, white, jewelled hands over the recipient's eyes, and lightly touches him with her warm, luscious lips. I've had the operation performed on me, and went through it without a struggle. My next chapter was headed, " in a voice full of unshed tears." You will remember that Smith couldn't stand against this. As I think of his subsequent conduct, it is a source of keen satisfaction to know how nearly this thing wore Smith out. I headed my next, " after long years." I told in this of a long separation between the R. A. vision and Delavely, and how they met " after long years." Smith's delineation of it was,—the lady and Delavely sitting on one ass who was the placid proprietor of a very protracted pair of ears; and under, in Smith's mendacious handwriting, was, " after long ears." My next I headed, " the mill of the gods grinds slowly, but it grinds exceedingly small." I described how Delavely discovered that lie was the long lost son of the late Earl of Marlensay,'and heir to one of the longest rent rolls in England ; how he had been kept out of it by designing persons whom the gods' mill had at last overtaken and brought to a fearful retribution, and how, when the owner of the Circassian eyelids heard it, she was much affected, and stated as follows :—" My love, my king, my Marlensey, I will never forsake you, I will never, never, never give you up." Reginald's blond eyes swam in tears at this instance of the lovely being's devotion to him and his house. Well, Smith illustrated this by making three very fat old men with preposterous abdomens and small legs, who would have been faithful likenesses of the figure of Mr Pickwick, turning a large thing like an exaggerated coffee mill, and they were turning it very slowly too—regular government stroke. And just sticking out above the rim of the crater of this mill were two pairs of ankles _ ,, n , ^ j were cased in a Jeuimre -little pair -of-balmoral boots, so ; I conolpde "Smith .meant them for thosp of the R.A.V., and the others for Reginald IX,E6rl of Marlensay. And beneath he had written, " the gods at the mill grind showly, but they grind exceedingly small. ;My nextchapterwas headed " suspense," (iaftd showed that though the 11. A.V. and \the noble marquis had met again so happily, they were in terrible suspense, for the ;young-lady wasn't so " darnedsure " that she.-: hadn't been married once when jshc was policing about in Scotland, and they wece now prosecuting enquiries ' with feverish interest and ileeen dctectives. Smithmade a picture for'this representing me&3 being hanged, check trousers and all, and wrote under, " suspense." In my last chapter I satisfactory proved that the cold, reserved man that my heroine had been cussed close on being married to in Scotland had, with singular tact and delicacy, died, and thus relieved the prospective marchioness from the necessity of displayiug any prudish hesitation about accepting the hand and coronct offered her. So they were married, and in the fulness of time "small images of sin" were multiplied, and were spanked and squalled around the parental knees. And they all lived and died for a long time j after. This I headed " the scene is .j closed." Smith made a lively daub repre- j senting the spectators as leaving the gaol j precincts after seeing me hanged, and the ; blood-thirsty perjurer filled his cup of iniquity by writing under, " the scene is closed." TOM NORTHE. H.MS. Temeraire is appropriately named, for she is big enough and heavy enough to do battle with any antagonist that may venture to face her in the Mediterranean, whither she is bound- The engines are 7,697 horse-power. No wonder that the mighty vesssl when under way pushes up a ten foot wave at her bow ! The diameter of the principal cylinders is seventy inches: of the crank shaft, seventy-two inches ; from which an idea may be formed of the bulk of the ponderous mass. To reduce the weight as mnch as possidle, wrought- iron and brass are largely used if).the construction of the engines and fittings, in place of cast-iron, so that jn the condensers there are more than eleven thousand braSs tnbes, which make up a cooling surface of fourteen thousand square feet. To assist the movements and facilitate the working- of this • giant among warships, there are on board thirty four small engines, thus distributed : two turning. two starting, four feed, two circulating, four fan two bilge, one capstan, one steering, four dumping, fottr ashes lifters, two hydraulic gear workers, one torpedo reservoir charger, one to work the electric machine which feeds the lights on the bridge, and four others. In all this there seems something of complication ; but we may hope that'everything will work weil even in the woist of weather, so that the ship may justify her name and the merits of her builders. A number of peneumatic engines are employed "at the extension works at Portsmouth. The engines are used to run the caissons in and but of their chambers at the entrance to-the locks and docks, for lifting the penstocks, by which the water in the basins is connected with the tidal ways, and for working the capstans. The motive power is applied iu much the same way as in the torpedo arrangements on board the men-of-war. An engine pumps the air into a common reservoir, from which the power is conveyed by means of distributing pipes to the several independent engines which perforin the work, when the air within the reservoir obtains a pressure of CO lb. to the square inch the pumping engine stops of its own accord, Mid starts again tlie moment that the pressure, by the withdrawl of power, falls below that amount. Although the engines are intended to work up to 60lb, a practical trial proved that a pressure of 40 lb. to the square inch was snfficent to do what was required of tlicin. During recent trials a well known phenomenon was noticed. The moment the compressed air, having performed its work in the cylinders, was exhausted into the atmosphere, it gave out an cy spray, which was eventually congealed into iolid ice of the size of hailstones.—Engineer. THBKE was a noble youth who, on being urged to take wine at the table of a famous statesman at Washington, had the moral courage to refuse. He was a poor young man, just beginning the struggle of life. He brought letters to the great statesman, who kindly invited him home to dinner. " Not take a glass of wine ?" said the great statesman, in wonderment and suprise. Not one single glass of wihe ?" echoed the statesman's beautiful and fascinating wife, as she rose, glass in hand, and, with a grace that would have charmed an anchorite, endeavored to press it upon him." " No," replied the heroic youth, resolutely, gently repelling the proffered glass. What a picture of moral grandeur was that J A poor, friendless youth refusing wine at the table of a wealthy and famous statesman, even though proffered by the fair hands of a beautiful lady. " No, "said the noble youug man his voice trembling a little and his cheek flushed, I never drink wine; but" here he straightened himself up, and his words grew f, rmer " if you have a little good old rye whisky, I dont mind trying a snifter !" YANKEK GIRLS.—When a Boston girl" sets" at her husband she says, " Base tyrant. I shall leave thee, and f—ly to my paternal home,', When a Chicago girl becomes similarly affected she simply remarks " Old man. I'm going to git dwav. and if you don't like it, just climb up on your eyebrowa and see if you can atop me." 