THE acceptance by the Government of tlie tender of the Fulton Foundry Company for 5,000 tons of iron pipes, at £9 15s per ton, has caused the freetraders in the Assembly much pain and travail. They are sorely exercised that a colonial manufacturing firm should have received the slightest benefit from a Protectionist Government, notwithstanding that it is the policy which is most acceptable to the people of Victoria, and to which they have so unmistakably given in their adherence. The Opposition members have wasted a deal of valuable time in endeavoring to prove that the colony will suffer a heavy loss through the acceptance of this pipe contract, and have striven hard to 6how that the worse is the better part. The obstructive tactics of these Conservative legislators have, however, not availed, and the only result has been the delay of important business. The constituencies will no doubt absolve the Government from all blame in any delay which has taken place in the passing through Parliament of Constitutional Reform, and will therefore be able to place the saddle on the right hcrse. The facts of the case are Tery simple, and are as follows:—A short time back the Government advertised for tenders for the quantity of pipes ns.a?ed above, and the tender of the Fulton Foundry Company was accepted, at £9 15s per ton. This was the lowest formal tender, and exception is taken to the acceptance of the tender, because the Government will lose £2 10s per ton duty on the pipes, which would not hare been the case had the tender of a British 6rin been accepted, and that consequently the colony will sustain a heavy loss. Mr Service, who was the chief opponent of the tender being accepted, argued that the main end of the acceptance of the contract, the establishment of a pipe manufactory in Victoria, was impossible, and that the idea of being able to export pipes to neighboring colonies in the future was a complete fallacy. Of course, it was only tobeerpeetedtbat alarge importer and consequent freetrader such t, as Mr Service would oppose the tender being given to a colonial firm. These rabid freetraders always appear to be laboring under tie hallucination that their political nostrums are the only means of curing all the ills from which the body politic suffers. Thev look upon freetrade as a bind of political Holloway's Pills and Ointment, and urge that the physicingonly requires to be strong enough to effect a omplete restoration in the political nd commercial world. Unfortunately for them, the facts of tiie present case conclusively in favor- of the Government having adopted a wise course accepting the tender of the Fulton Company It miut «U mitted it ie eminently desirable that industres of the nature referred to should be established in the colony, so that we may not be dependent longer than it is absolutely necessary upon the foregin capitalist. This colony has had to pay through the nose on previous occasions owing to this same dependence. When the debate was in progress respecting this pipe contract, Mr Munro read an extract from the report of the EehucaBridgeOommiss ion which showed that pipes had, been forwarded from tingland upon tbe certificate of Messrs Brercton and Lewis were in such a defective condition that they could not be used, and had to bo sold as old iron. Now, it is absolutely necessary that occurrences of this nature should be prevented, if possible, and though Brereton and Lewis no longer act "as commission agents for Victoria, yet it is possible that the eolonv might suffer in the same way through other channels Then, with reference to the loss of duty sustained by having the pipes manufactured in the colony, the Chief Secretary met that question very forci- bly, and we cannot do better than quote hi6 words. He said:—" There was no duty on home-grown tobacco, but on imported tobacco there was a duty of 3s per lb, so that on every pound grown in the colony there was a loss to that extent, yet no one objected." Nor is it possible that any person would dream of objecting, for the chief aim is to develop our native industries, and tbe principal is precisely the sam e in this iron pipe case. With regard to the price per ton, on this ground, also, the Government is perfectly justified in accepting the tender. A. return was laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly relative to iron pipes, and from this it appears that there had. been fourteen contracts during the last three y ars, and that the average rate was £10 10s per ton. Certainly, some tenders were received from English manufactures on this last occasion at considerably below that price, but it is evident that this sudden lowering in the price is simply due to the fact that competition was expected from colonial manufacturers. As a proof of this, we may cite the tender of Mr James Park, an importer of iron pipes. In 1876, Mr Park's tender was £9 19s per ton, and in 1877 it was no less than £11 3s 6d per ton, but this year he reduced his price to £9 per ton. The only conclusion to be drawn from this sudden lowering in the tender, is that the market was attempted to be swamped, and the esta blishment of an iron pipe factory prevented. Those who affect to consider thatthe establishment of such a factory in Victoria is impossible, appear to us to be rather hasty in their judgment. Some thirteen or fourteen years ago, when it was proposed to establish slopsandwearinsapparel manufactories in the colony, the idea was laughed at, and a considerable amount of ridicule wa6 bestowed upon those who enunciated such a project. However, time has shown that those who opposed and laughed at that idea are worthy of being laughed at in th -ir turn, and it is probable that the same result will follow in the case under notice. The present contract will last for three years, and will afford employment to a large number of skilled workmen now standing idle. As the Chief Secretary stated, the plant will not vanisn, but remain, and the manufacture would be continued. The great disadvantage in the way of properly establishing an iron pipe manufactory appears to be the wam of coal, but this may be removed at any time. Coal of good Qualify has been discovered at Colac, and there a-'e rumors as to the discovery of a coal mine in Gippsland, and it is highly probable that Victoria may very shortly possess coalfields of a most valuable character. Taking the whole circumstances of the case into consideration, and viewing them from an impartial standpoint, it seems to us perfectly clear that the Ministry have acted sensibly, and m a manner calculated to promote the welfare of the clony, by accepting die tender of the Fulton Foundry Company for the 5,000 tons of iron pipes. A violent storm passed over Carlsnihe ou Wednesday afternoon last. About 4 o'clock on the day in question a very severe hail storm took place, accompanied by what appeared to be a regular whirlwind. The full force of the storm was experienced at a place called Stonyford Lane, and considerable damage was done to the property of several residents in this lane. The whirlwind seemed to rise near Mr R. Sutherland's house, and it nearly blew down that building. It then passed along his paddock, and destroyed several pmels of fencing, whirling the posts and rails in all directions. Mr Barker's fence, adjoining, was treated in a similar manner, as was also Mr Bourke's. Mr Brady's premises, a little distance away, are very much damaged. All his outhouses were blown down, and the stable narrowly escaped a similar fate. A fish-hawker, w tin was transacting business at Mr Brady's, left his horse and cart standing outside the house, and two trees, nhiih were standing near, were blown dawn, and fell on tbe horse, and overturned the vehicle. The animal sustained sucK injuries that it died a few hours afterwards. Trees were uprooted in great numbers, and carried a considerable distance by the whirlwind. A very large tree which was standing close to Mr Sutherland's house had every branch torn completely away, and was left standing like a bare pole. Mr Brady had a narrow escape from serious injury. He was in his paddock, when he saw the trees blowing about in such a furious manner, and at once started for home, in order to see that all was' safe. Such was the force of the storm, that he was in danger of being carried into the timber, where in all probability he would have been crushed to death. Finding that he could not make headway, he threw himself flat upon the ground, and while in this position was whirled along for a. distance of about a chain before he could manage to regain his feet, and make for home. The.storm then passed away aa quickly as it came. The hurling match between the Second Imperial Club and- Piper's Creek and Pastoria hurlera will be played on %he Kyneton racecourse this day. Play will commence at three o'clock. Mr John Bany will act as field umpire on the occasion. Should the weather prove fine, a, FPO&^KPTYOFBURLING; WY Ł» ĘJFJWTFID. c c O a d p « R t The annual meeting of the Weights and Measures Onion was held at the shire »ffica, Kyneton, on Thursday last. The following were present:—Messrs W. Thomson (chairman) and Ewing, Kyner<ms!iirrt ; Mr Hoise, Slelcalfeshire ; Mr Hunter, Malmsbury borough. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Letters were also read from the various locil bodies belonging to the uni >n, forwarding moiety of expenses. Mr W. Thomson was re-elected chairman for the ensuing year. The Inspector, Mr E. T. Gregory, reported the receipts for the quarter to he £4? 12s Id. The sum rtcei ved for the other quarters of the year was stated to be £153 2s 5d, which made the total receipts for the year £200 14s 61. The inspector's salary is £133 16a 4A, and this left a balance of £66 18s 2d to the credit of the ani,m. The inspector reported, with reference to the cas« alluded to at a meeting of the Metcalfe Council, that while at Hirc mrt in the performance of his duty, he noticed a boy selling meat from a cart fur Mr Fisher, of Castlemaine, 'and that he was using a spring-balance. Be examined the balance and found that it was not correct, as it told against the customer to the extent of a quarter of a pound in every 141 bs. He accordingly retained possession of the balance. The action of the inspector was approved of by the members. It was decided that the Railway department should igain be communicated with respecting the testing of the weights at the Kyneton railway station, as no definite reply had been sent to a former letter. The secretary, Mr R Harper, was instructed to prepare a statement of accounts for the £ast yeV\ Several accounts having been passed for payment, the meeting adjourned. On Wednesday evening last, a 6rebr<>k e out in a stack -if hay, belonging to M' W. Collins, of Dury Farm, Lmrist ui, and totally consumed it. . There were 35 tons of hay in the stack, and it was valued at £105. Unfortunately, Mr Collins was not insured. He had previously insured the hay, but the poHcy expired in July and was not renewed. The rain d.-sc o.leii very heavily on W. dn.'^-lay <:v~iiiun. an - the stack of hay would nut hav* hum.-. unless it was well s.>t alight. It wisi»u»ted about 100 yar'ls from Mi Collins's house, <>n a slight risi, bot no person wis seen near it on the ab.iv evening. Mr C-illins is a man well-liked and respected, and does not. we heliew. possess an enemy in the district, and the oniy satisfactory hypothesis of the fir. is that snmn sw»j»man must have wilfully or c^relessv caused it. Three or foui stacks of hav have been burnt in the saun wav, in this locality, during the last twi or three years, and no clue has eve: been obtained as to the cause. A sad instance of the evil effects of over indulgence in strontr drink was witnessed at the Kyneton Police Court, yesterday morning. A respectable-looking man, named John Wail, was brought- upcharged with being drunk and disorderly, and on the application of Constable Steele was remanded until Tuesday next, as it was stated that Wall was on the verge oi delirium tremens. Just as Wali was being removed from the Court, he commenced to tremble violently, and he had hardly been conveyed into the small room where persons are kept while waiting their trial, when he gave a loud scream, and fell t< the floor, struggling in the throes «f a severe epileptic lit. He was attended t> by the police, and after a while recoveresufficiently to be taken away. M Weigall, one of the presiding magistrates, directed the police to make inquiries as t< where Wall obtained the liquor, as an order was made some time since forbidding hotel keepers and others to supply hini with driuk. Wall is one of those men who will remain six or twelve month without touching drink, and then indulge in a heavy bout of dissipation. If liquor has been supplied to him by any person aware of his habits and uf the order of the court prohibiting it, it is only right that punishment should follow. N< doubt the police will not neglect to closely inquire into the matter. Mr Richard Whyte, formerly a member of the Victorian police force, and who was stationed in Kyneton for ten years, expired at the Clare Castle Hotel, Mollisonstreet, on Thursday evening last The deceased retired from the force on a superanuation allowance a few months back, and he was then in a bad state of health, suffering from pthisis. He resided in thi metropolis until about a fortnight since, when he came to Kyneton, and died u above stated. Deceased was formerly ; Sergeant in the Irish constabulary, an, was a sergeant in the VicLurian p>1 ic Some years back, at Baliarat. Dec- ias-.-- was well-liked and respected iu Kyneton. The remains of deceased will be interred in the Kyneton cemetery this day, and t>i. funeral procession will start from til. Clare Castle Hotel, at three o'clock. Tbe second promenade concert, uude 1 the auspices of the Kyneton Town Baud will take place in the Temperauce Hal i on Weduesday evening next, October 2nd- A good programme of vocal and iustru mental music has been prepared, and the votaries of Terpsichore will be able to indulge themselves, as dancing will take place be*ween the pieces. The band'.- last concert was a very pleasant affair, and passed off successfully, and as the management is in proper hands, there is good reason to believe that those wh attend Wednesday evening's concert wili not regiet it. Our Trentham correspondent writes as follows :—For many years past the want of a bank m this township has been very much felt by a large number of residents m the district. lam happy to say that the want may be ranged amongst the thiugs of the past, the National Bank of Australasia having determined to open a branch office here. With this end in view, they have secured a portion of Mr W. Dashwood's premises. The position is the very best in the township, aud the office well adapted for the business. I aui aware that nearly all the other bankB have from time to time been importuned to open a branch here, but none of them appear to have had '' pluck " enough to do so. It is only right, therefore, that as the National has had the courage to make a start, it should be encouraged. The bank will be opened on Monday next for busiuesB, when those who have had to put up with the inconvenience of travelling all the way to Kyneton orDaylesford on banking business, will have an opportunity of shifting their accounts, aud they should lose no time in doing so. The c Bigns of prosperity now being manifested in this once isolated township, must be very gratifying to the gentlemen of C Kyneton. Mr De Saxe, surgeon-dentist, may bs onsulted at the Newmarket Hotel, on Tuesday next. Tbe Melbourne correspondent of a ountry journal states that Mr J <hn rowther, manager of the Sallarat Woollen Mills has commenced an action gainst the Argus to recover £1000, amages for libel, on account of a aragraph which appeared in that journal f the 29th July, m the letter from iu allarat correspondent. A Supply Bill for £411,000 was passed hrough aU its «tages in the Ąuembly on t h A r b S "o r w d s f a The performance in aid of the local BrasB Band came off at the Mechanic's Institute, Woodend, on Wednesday even- : ing last. The weather was very teinpesturous, but notwithstanding this drawback, the hall was well filled. Several members of the Kyneton Town Band kindly volunteered their services, and greatly contributed to the evening's enjoyment by the excellent manner in which they played several pieces before the performance commenced, and also during the interval. The celebrated Mr G. Bromley appeared in several character comic songs and speeches, and these were delivered in his usual mirth-provoking manner, eliciting much applause. Messrs W. Harris, of Romsey, Cock and Pensom, of Kyneton, were the other vocalists, and tUeir efforts appeared to be well appreciated by the audience. Mr H. Allen recited two pieces in a clever mauner. The local band played two selections in a way which reflected credit upon them and their instructor, Mr J Haig. The entertainmentccncluded with the " screaming" Ethopian farce, " Ghost in a Pawnshop." Mr Bromley, as Toby, the " nigger." kept the audience in roars of laughter, and he was well supported by Messrs Burchell and Daniel. Altogether, the performance was goue through in a creditable manner, and all present ap- peared highly satisfied. We must not omit to mention that Mr H. McKenzie acted as chairman in an able manner, and a was very happy in his opening remarks, and als > when introducing the performers. We understand that the band will shortly give an entertainment in aid of the funds of the Kyneton Hospital. A meeting was held at the shire office, Newham, yesterday, respecting the proposed railway line from Newham to Kilmore. There was a larje attendance, and Cr M'Keuzie occupied the chair. A committee, called tile Newhamshire Railway League, was formed, and it includes some of the must influential names in the dis trict Ii was pointed out by the Chairnan and other speakers that the object iv-is not to injure Laucetield in the slightest degree, but to establish direct j immtriication from the Davlesford, Veswick, and B.iiJurat districts with the North-Eastern imc via Nowha.nl, Roch f ird, ai.d K I more. All these places will Lhus be benefitted, and also the rich agricultural district though which the line uust pass. Laucetield would be connected with Melbourne vi-u the North-Eastern line, and the distance would only be four miles longer than it now is, and a fresh market for root produce would be opened with New South Wales. There are no lifficulties of an engineering character, aud the land required could be purchased cheaply. A working committee was appointed to lay the matter properly before the Minister of Railways, and the proceedings terminated. The South Australian Government offer a reward of £400 to the inventor of the best machine for reaping and cleanin; cereals. The Ministers of Mines and Public Works will visit Sandhurst on Monday next, in order to make an inspection of the public buildings in that city, more especially he School of Mines. The Minister of Mines will also visit Long Gully in connection with a water supply tu that locality. Mr Longtnore has introduced a bill into the Legislative Assembly for the amendment of the Laud Act, 1869. The measure embodies substantially the changes indicated by the Minister of Lands in his speech at Traralgon. It is intended to enable selectors to hold land at Is per acre per annum, instead of 2s as heretofore, and to extend the period during which improvements are to be effected by resident selectors to seven or eight years. It is probable also that a clause will be inserted to enable present licensees who have been a short time on the land to come under the provisions of the new act as soon as it has become law. The bill was read a first time, and the second reading was fixed for next Thursday. With reference to the dispute about the condition of the s.s. Victoria, Mr Berry stated on Thursday in reply to Mr Gaunson, that he had received a lettter from Captain Stanley on the subject, and he had referred that letter to Captain Mandeville. The reply from that officer corroborated tbe statement which he lad previously made to the House. A letter received by the last mail from Mr C. E. Joues has been shown to the Seelong Times, in which, among other oatters, Mr Jones states that if ii ueel£ the approval of Providence he will be in Bailarat to contest the next, 'eneral election. Be is selling off his iiisiness ill Baltimore, U.S., and giving •jjj lecturing. A meeting of the friends and aduirers of the late Mr G. P. Smith was Held on Thursday afternoon, at Scott's 'I<»tel, when it was determined that a unmoral should be erected over the grave •f the deceased gentleman as a mark of .lis acknowledged talents. After the formation of an influential committee, and the transaction of other necessary preliminary business, the meeting adjourned. At the prorogation of tbe Church of England Assembly on Thursday, the •lisbop announced that tbe subscriptions promised to the Cathedral Fund amounted to £23,381 7s 5d ; paid, £4,636 12s 5d. Of this amount, £1,700 had been received during the last three weeks. Referring on Wednesday night to the rumor that it had been arranged that after the passing of the Constitution Act Amendment Bill he would proceed to England with the measuie. Mr Berrv said that he had always refrained from taking any notice of the insinuations thrown out npon that subject by hon. members. Nothing would give him greater pleasure than to see the question • if constitutional reform settled iu this country. He would do all in MB power to have it made law here, and he hoped that t.be Government would have the assistance of Parliament in endeavoring to follow out that course. A memorial was presented in the Legislative Assembly, on Wednesday, from the farmers of Bridge water, asking that measures might be adopted to put an end to the rabbit nuisance in that district. The farmers complain that unless something is done for the extermination of these animals they will Boon be compelled to abaddon their holdings, and they request that some such act as that in South Australia may be passed. The act makes it ompulsory for all landowners to destroy the rabbits on their property, the Government undertaking to do the same on rown lands. Mr Charles Fraser, representing the setlers and residents of the Main district, ad an interview on Wednesday (says th ge) with the Minister of Railways, with espect to a branch line from the Goulnra Valley to Yarrawonga via Dookie. ir WoodB suggested that a complete list f the residents aud a map of the proposed oute should be forwarded him, and he ould give the subject favorable consieration. A man named John .Williams shot himelf dead with a revolver in a house of illame, at Adelaide, on Wednesday. He rrived from D»rl|ng Soirty *boqt ten a a M s i p t G s a p a f „ t T s L t G 