TOWN TALK. . 5 .--'j-.i- --/ic - THE state of feeling prevalent in,the North-. - respecting the Chinese may be gathered from M Borne pleasant passages in theiVorMfrn 'Miner» Speaking of an assault case, in which a Chinafq man was .the complainant,, the Miner B&js;:-rr;s u "hlv. Garter became actually eloquent on tht / insult offered his Chinese client, said he was entitled to as much respect as «any white man,' t and other ruhbish of that kind which he wii '" j paid for saying, but which .no one'believes.1;^ 1 Now, we do not hold that any Chinese rubbish v here or elsewhere is as good as a white man/" ; This is the " man and a brother " feeling with'' . a vengeance.. Apparently the';-Mtnfr^'w^oi'" opinion that the Chinese ought , to be'a&saulteclv;: -a doctrine that will certainly'not 'tend towards a settlement of the u difficultv," . - , THE committee of the Hodglnnson District' Hospital advertise for a surgeon. ' Ho is to' receive £350 a ysar and provide the medicines; gratis. Truly, this is a business-like. arrange ment. Contracts of this kind are usually mader. on the assumption that human nature jia not perfect; and what guarantee can there-be that?; the appointed Burgoon will provide thejnore expensive medicines as liberally aa. the case-, may require? Is he not likely to be.parsi-;' moniouB with quinine, for example.The . obvious plan is the best. Let the surgeon receive what he is worth, and the ^committee ? provide the medicines of the proper quality and in the right quantity. .: THE captains who leave Melbourne arr greatly troubled by those amphibious creatures known as " stowaways." These, it ig well- . known,' are individual* who seek to make a* voyage without paying the passage. .In order': to gain this end they hide themselves in Bqmp part of the ship and wait until she is well out of port, when they emerge and doolare them- ' selves.; They cannot bo thrown overboard ; they cannot bo starved to death; and accord ingly the usual, courso is to rope's-end them thoroughly, and Bet them to tho meanest work with the worst fare. Tho way of a stowaway is hard. He may be punished by fine or im-. prisonmeut *, but few captainn trouble them selves about this. After all the sailors do not object to a stowaway or two. Thoy take a deal of dirty work off their hands, Mproover, sea men often get ?* tipped" by them. An Italian once bribed a sailor to let him hide in pup of the steamers of the National Line, plying bo-' twecn Liverpool and New York. ' On tho ap pointed day the Italian presented himself to the horrified sailor with a hurdy-gurdy and two monkeys ** A; coNTEKroBABK ia puzzled to know how it i is that monoy is so much more roadily investod "in goldminirig in Victoria than in Queensland, '' notwithstanding that tho pro of tho latter is Jintich the richest. ' Tho chief reason adduced by this searcher for truth to account for tho ..anomaly, is that in Victoria the Department iof Mines issues quarterly elaborate statistics of the yields of tho various quartz reefs, while ' our Department of Mines , is contented with giving,, tho .'same information monthly, in a . moro goneral form. " Why," asks our journal istic friend, " should not this information bo igiyenin detail,as it isin tho Victorian returns, so tljat the resultB of the work of each claim that 'had a.crushing oould,he seen, and tho profit estimated ?" . This is a question which we sin cerely trust the MineB Department will endear vour to answer. But we do hope Mr. Lukiri :will' steadfastly refuse to be'a party to the' 'sysleinatisod deception contemplated to be '.reared into existence ,by. our contemporary." Such ».return,'.', it says, " would- be in this -shape, say:- ' CUARIEItS TOWERS OOLDFIELD, .liNameof ? . Claim or: Company; St Patrick's! ' No. 1- - Just in Time No doubt shares in tho St. Patrick's, No. I, .would bo -loujjhfc after, by. capitalists if the' MineB Department adopted our contemporary's1 scheme. ... - ! ?. .- ' " ' We are told that tho oarly fathers Chrysostom, . Ambroso, Augustino, Peter Cbrysologus, and others, in consequence of tho immoral observances attached' to the keeping of New Tear's Day, prohibited tho celebration of the festival. The celebration of New Tear's Day .in Brisbane; is becoming so saturnalian that somebody-an "early father" will be the best, because he will-want his bed-will have to"- sfep 'in'and prohibit ' it. The cele bration of "New' Tear's Eve in Brisbane and' itssuburbs is now nothing but a dangerous display of ruffianism. The "com pliments of the season" surely do not include' .the! keeping of timid people and invalids in a: state bf-te'iTpr for a whole nigHt. ' .l;3VEi"newspaper fellows" are all naturally .'delighted at the high compliment paid to the ?Queenslaiid'Press in the Courier of Tuesday., Recen tlyj in unit magazine of gossip and lies called tho Wcrld, Mr. Edmond.iSates wrote a .most scurrilous article on Mr. BobertBuchanan, tho poet; the ' cauBo of the attack being an . artiole which Mr. Buchanan himself had written in the Contemporary Review, in which he " showed up " the World, and:irith<|iiatiee. Of Mr. Yates'; article wo can only say that wo must.go back to the days of tho Regency, if notfurther, to find its equal. The Courier at once seizes the opportunity for a little .trumpet blowing. We, of Queensland, aro not as other men-qnite the reverse. " "We havo as yet a pure press in this colony. It is with a justifiable pride that we can declare that Queensland journalist respect the ianotity of private life, and that whatever their defects . or faults may be, they rigidly dis courage tho prurient curiosity which delights in private scandal." And much more to tho .ame effect. It is all very flattering, but we should like to point out that 3Ir. Yates is a gentleman who, to put it mildly, is at least as notorious as he is celebrated. This iB not the first attack of the kind he has made, nor, wo fear, will it bo tho last. Mr. Georgo Henry Lewes, an infinitely better man, was some -'years ago tho object of a very similar assault on the part of Mr. Yates. Because the great world of London journalism produces one man who cannot subordinate his passions to hin public duties, it does not follow that tho press of Queensland should flap its wings and crow its superiority. Queensland journalism has little cause to como into con tact. 'Each goes his own way. The army of writers collected in Loudon aro in a different position. All the elements of envy, hatred- and UT.charitableness arc there. . ? . IN theso days of brag, bombast, and Bolf advortiscmont under tho pretenoo of charity, it is refreshings to find that 11 A AVorsh^ppor for Twenty Years " has presented a handsome set of ultur furniture to St. John's Church, and that ho or sho "has "refused to proclaim him or her self , on the housetops ; by remaining strictly "incog;.;'- Iii his or her letter to tho Rector and Churchwaidons he or she naively remarks Should you not accept my offer ings, the abaonco of them from the altar to morrow will bo a sufficient answer to this note, and by. Icaprig the box with tho soxton I will aend.fok it."- The .church' authorities, how-, ever, have ,quitt«d: their 'first; childhood, and have not yet reached their second. They care fully kept the box away from the Bexton. ". "I;1:,-! - --- ' Wiikhevkr a public holiday occurs,' cutorers for amusoineiit put forward thoir attractions in tUe biggest and fattest of typo with " damnable te ration." Not so, as a rule, the charterera of steamers, howover. They know that the "blow" and the outing are qui to enough attraction for their customers. It was, there fore quite a work of supererogation on the part of the authorities of the Ann-street Presby terian school when they engaged the Lady Young for a trip to the Bay on New Year's Day to auuounce that an Evangelistic Service would bo hold on board, with no le«B than six rovorend gentlemen- and an American organ to see it through. As we have already said, the trip alone would have beena sufficient "draw," I atr was proved by the Clarence taking 600 pas- | sengers, notwithstanding that she had no extra inducements in the : shape of an Evangelistic Service;to.offer; nothing, in fact, but a band of music. . r JWHBX we shall havo discarded the present objoctionable plan of converting our dead into harmful clay for the more poetical one: of burning them to hurmles ashes, we may possi bly adopt such obituary notices as the following which is taken from a Zurich newspaper:- ; "Icommunicate to all my friends and acquaint ances the Kill news that at 3 p.m. to-morrow I shall incinerate, according to all the rules of art", my late mother-in-law, who has fallen asleep with faith in her Lonl. The fiuierul-urn will be placed near the fur nace.-Tho profoundly afflicted son-in-law, . ; " JlKANDOI.r-LlC'HTLLl:. ( "Suiich, November3." Wb havo every right to be proud' of our Savings. Bank, and of what it has done to promote thriftamongst us. Many/of\ the American SavingsBanks have been doing 'just the contrary, by inspiring anything "but 'con fidence in the bosoms of small capitalists, and it would not appear that they, have yet entered upon the better path, judging from the subjoined piece of irony which appears in a GaUfoxnian newspaper:-« The Californian i TVire "Works Company offer for Bale a ' Delu-' sion Mouse Trap.' At the risk of advertising this new invention, it really seems a pertinent question to ask what kind of a new Savings* Bank this is ?" . ; ? A DEPUTATION of Ministers of Beligiun waited a few day8 back on the Minister for. "Works, asking him to rcscind his decision to do away with, the £5 annual railway passes which have hitherto been granted to the clergy. Mr. Miles, however, stuck to his .reso lution, and; the deputation withdrew, but, if the reports in the papers are correct, they omitted the usual formula of thanking the Minister for his courtesy. Per haps they remembered the old saw, " Thank you for nothing." THE march of intellect'. Employer of labour at Oxley railway station to (Queensland aboriginal (black): " You want work ?" f Yes, how much wagesf". " Ten shillings a week and rations." All right; where.you Uve .'!:Out Blunder way.": "How far " About four miles." " Oh, that altogedder too fur from; railway!" , ; ; THE glorious company of the Great Unpaid is increasing apace. Over a hundred new names appear in the Commission of the Peace for the present year. Twelve hundred Queenslanders have now the honour to write J .P. after their names. Taking the population, apart from, females and males under sgo who don't count, - this list will make a pretty hole in it.' In fact, if Justices of the Peace continue to; be created at the present rate, their occupation; will be gone-there will be no material to workj upon, as, of course, it is a point of honour! with those who fill this honourable posi-; tiou not to offend against the law. Happy thought! Perhaps the .Government; has hit upon the plan of getting rid of crime! altogether by making us all J.P.'s. It may be,' however, that a good many of tho names on the list are dummies. We know of one ghost of some years' standing who still walks the earth as a spirit J.P.,wrapped up in.official Govern-1 ment sheet. , ' THESE is a bnshman out atToowoomba who, j though apparently a temperance man, ought! to be straightway scouted by all teetotallers. This'member of society writes to V content-* porary urigihg that temperance bodies should; opon " spacious rooms" for the sale of non intoxicants and fruits. " By employing attracT tivo young womeu to sell, business would be increased, and numbers of inou saved from indulging in intoxicating liquors!" This is taking a leaf out of the publicans' book with a vengoanco. Many temporanco people' hold that tho employment of attractive, young women to sell, " forms ono of the chief objec tions to tho presont liquor tratHc." Indeed, one member of tho British Parliament has again and again brought in bills to forbid tho engagement of girls for any such purpose. No doubt tho male sox, under the inlluenco of ginger beer, would be mora tender and ro mautio than when under the influence of brandy; but, in other respccts, the difference will not bo great. Sometiinos the publican's bar is a matrimonial market, aud why should not a girl havo a chance there as well as any- j whore else f , THE Melbourne Leader estimates at a vejy high figuro indeed tho loss sustained by Vic toria through the rejection by tho Council of the Bill authorising an International Exhibition. " Probably nut far short of a million sterling would "nave been put in circulation in this city.,f Then there would have been a building which would have permanently improved Melbourne. Finally, the newspaper correspondents would have come. Their " graphic descriptions of the capabilities of the country, and tho wide spread prosperity of the people, would have fairly lifted the haze of ignorance that hides these colonies from the gaze of those who are longing for a homo of such promise us this country affords." No doubt a country that contains Mr. Berry, Mr. Gaunson, the Leader and its politics, is highly de&irablo; as a "homo ;'f 'but isn't the picture overdone? "What news papers would send their correspondents? Where would the million come from ? In Europe these ' exhibitions seldom or never pay now.They are a drug in the market. " .'THE. position of a .deserter is* so .unenviable, net 'tOi.say diagraceful, that any sane man would rather.starve or take.chance iu battle ttia'u becomeione.If he does uot tell enough' to the army to which he deserts, he ia shot or hanged; it-he teLU too much aud leads them :into ascrape,his fateis the same. Asa rule he'lies. as' hard hb possible, since he secured present comfort and may not bo found out. Similar principles apply lo social # life., A member of,.a congregation not far from Brig? bane recentiy' found.another "Bitting" more swted. to his views.. He " went overi' but was very "coldly received when it was found that hewoiild not .reveal, the secrets of the com munity ,hb had. left. . * 