'SPORTING NOTES FROM HOME. BY ROBIN HOOD. LONDON, APRIL 12. The commencement of the legitimate racing season of 1878 took place at Lincoln on the 25th nit., and, notwithstanding the terribly vnatrj weather, a veiy successful gathering was held at the old city. Lincoln is a meeting that has for Borne years had an upward tendency, the enterprise shown in adding 1,000 scjfs, to the handicap having a good deal to do with this, and the Lincoln shire Handicap is now looked upon as the most important of the spring events. There is a very large amount of betting on it, books being open many weeks before its de cision. j ; On the opening day there was nothing worth narrating, although there were large fields and fair pacing; the most noticeable feature of the ! opening day of the season being the absence from the saddle of FredJ Archer, who wai attending the funeral of his poor brother William, killed at Cheltenham (as mentioned elsewhere). Archer did not ride at all at the: meeting, his first mount of the year being at Liverpool, where he com menced with a win on Hesper for the Cop ; but we have not done with Lincoln yet. Well, on the second day, the attendance was won derfully good, the Prince of Wales honouring the course with his presence, His Royal Highness being the guest of Mr. Chaplin, at Blankney. The Brocklesby Stakes, for two year olds, brought out a good field of eighteen runners, nearly all fashionably-bred ones, and the finish was a most exciting one, and ended in a dead heat between Mr. Chaplin's filly, by Hermit out of Kalipyge, and Mr. Johnson's colt by The Bake out of Tragedy. The latter colt was ridden by Maidment, who has been eo long under a cloud, and it is to be hoped we shall see this really grand horseman in the saddle many times more this season than last. The Tragedy colt was nothing like fit, and will, 1 think, tnrn out a good one, as he ran in the gamest possible manner in this race. He is engaged in the Derby of 1879. On Thursday, the handicap day, there was an enonnons muster on the Carholme, and well were they repaid, when, at the first attempt, Mr. M'George despatched the following 27 competitors ior the LINCOLNSHIRE HANDICAP, Of 1,000 SOTS., added to a sweepstakes of 20 SOTS, each, 10ft. Winners extra. I Second received SO so vs.: third saved hisstake. About one mile. 122 subs., 34 of whom paid 8 BOYS. each. Mr. R. Peck's b g K&lddogoope;, by Speculum Becluse, 6 yrs, 7sL 121b. (Glover) .. .. ... i j Hr. Quartennaine, Eastft br f Rosy Cross, by Rosi cracian-Imposition, 4 yra 8at. lib. (Morbey) .. 2 Lord Wilton's br h Cradle,by See-Saw-Honeymoon, 5 yrs, 7st. lllb. (Morgan) .. .. ' .. 3 Tassel, 5 yrs, 8st. 21b.; Lady Bonald, 4 yrs,- 8st.; Touchet, 4 yrs, 7st. 121b.; Chevron, 4 yrs, 7et. 121b.; Lina, 5yra,76t, 91b.; Charivari III., 5 yrs, 7st. 91b. Twine the Plaiden, 6 yra, 7st. 81b.; The Ghost, 6 yra, 7st 71b.; Juan, 4 yrs, 7st. 51b.; Itbcma, 5 yra, 7gt. 41b.; Orgaisst, aged, 7st. 41b.; Sidonia, i yra, 1st. 4lb.; Adamite, 4 yrs, 7st. Mb.; Kismet, aged, 7st. 21b.; Tele scope, 6 yrs, 7st. lib.; Suffolk tad, 0 yre, 6st. 121b.; Doablon, 4 yrs, 6st. 111b., earned 6st. 121b.; Willing ton, 4 yrs, 6st. 91b., carried fist. 101b.; Cincinnatus, 8 yra, flat. 81b.; Trommel, 4 yra, 6st. 71b.; Suleiman,. aged, fist. 71b.; Luckpenny, 4 yra, flst. 61b.; colt, by Jove-Spec, 4 yrs, 6et. 41b.; Antient PiatoL 3 yre, est., also ran. v Betting.-^9 Xo 2agst Tassel, 6 to 1 agst Kaleidoscope, 13 to 2 agst Sidonia, 10 to 1 agst Touchet, 100 to 8 each «gst Cradle and Ithonia, 14 to 1 agst Chevron, 16 to 1 agst Twine the Plaiden, 20 to l«ach agBt Suffolk Lad and OrganiBt. As soon aa the flag was lowered, Douhlon. bolted off the course, and the running was made by Suleiman; Telescope, and Suffolk Lad, on the Jeft, whilst Kaleidoscope and Touchet were prominent in the centre, A ?quarter of azmle from home the race was confined tofive,~and of these four were lead ing favourites, viz., Kaleidoscope. Touchet, Cradle, Sidonia,: and the outsider fioBy Cross, and in!the last 200 yards the race became <a match between Rosy Cross and. Kaleidoscope ; the! latter, iiowever,. always h&cl; a bit the best of it, and being very well tidden ? jby ? Glover, landed Robert Peck's colours by three parts of a length, Cradle, three lengthi ofiv third- Time, 1m. 63a. Value of Btakes, £2,060. Kaleidoscope la by Specnlnm s out of Becluse, and ran third for the Twp Thousand Guineas toPetrarch and Julius Caesar. He was at the time b stable companion; of the 'former,'and started first favourite at 8 to 1, whilst Petrarch -was but - li^e ^lded at 100 to 6 Kaleidoscope was: sold not long ago to Peck for 700guineas, and he seems to have idone wonders with him. He has hitherto been a very disappointing 1 horse, whilst heice he ran with, th^utmoat \ gameneas. There were so other racesafr 1 Lincoln worthyof even apaseing notice-W4 weget onto finish the weekatLiverpooL > . 1 Liverpool Spring Meeting iB onetowhich i my remarksabout Lincoln must be entirely^ revereedj mas greata ratio asthe Lincoln i ewstoaiHEHSttg s&jjsr;: Tophamj aaonthe firetday oyer £2,OOOwaB' g?ven amy in added money, and* *lthourii mese gefiiemfen have followed the affcand; race does not possess a tithe of the interest it did years ago, when only a third of the money was given. But to the racing. On the tirst day the weather was most wretched, snow falling all through the after noon, but as it did not remain on the course, sport was not interfered with. The great race of the day was the Liverpool Spring Cup, which was won by Hesper, the Croydon Hurdle Race winner, beating eight others easily, Fred Archer's backers thus com mencing their season with a 5 to 1 win, and putting another feather in the cap of Speculum, whope stock are showing wonderfully good form. On the second day Hesper confirmed his form by winning the Prince of Wales' Cup, His Royal Highness being there in person, having driven over from Croxteth in Lord Sef ton's drag; and then came the GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE, Of 1,000 BO vs., added to a handicap sweepstakes Of 25 sovb. each, 15 ft. Second received 100 soiu; third saved his stake. Winner to pay 100 SOVB. towards expenses. Winners extra. Grand National oourse (nearly four miles and a half). 63 sabs., IB of whom paid 5 BOVB. each. Mr. John Nightingall'e br h Sliifnal, by Saccharo meter-Countess Amy, aged, lOst. 121b., (J. Jones) 1 Captain A. Crofton's b m Martha, by Coroner Martha, aged, lOst. 01b., including 71b. extra (Mr. T. Beasley) 2 Mr. Moore's ch m Pride of Kildare, by Flam Pud ding or Canary-Hibernia, aged, list. 71b. (Mr. G. Moore) 3 Mr. J. Jessop'e Boyne Water, 6 yre, lOst. 121b. (J. Adams) .. .. .. . . .. ... 0 Captain Machell's Jackal, aged.lOst. lllb.(Jewitt) 0 Mr. J. HeSord's Verity, aged, lOst. 101b., including 71b. extra (Gregory) .. - .. .. .. .. 0 Captain Davison's Miss lizzie, 6 yrs, lOst. 71b. i (Hun) 0 Lord Lonsdale's Curator, 6 yrs, lOst. 51b. (Mr. E. P. Wilson) 0 Mr. G. Brown's His Lordship, 6 yrs, lOst. 5!b., carried lOst. 71b. (R.- I'Anson) 0 Duke of Hamilton's The Bear, 5 yrs, lOst. 41b. (R. M&reb;) 0 Mr. T. J. Clifford's Northfleet, 6 yrs, lOst. 31b. (C. Lawrence) 0 Mr. 3. G. Blake's Tattoo, 6 yrs, lOst. 31b. (W. Canavan).. .. ' .. .. .. 0 Betting.-0 to 2 agst Hie Lordship, 5 to 1 agst Boyne Water, 6 to 1 agBt Pride of Kildare, 100 to 15 agst Shifnal, 12 to 1 agst Jackal, 100 to 8 agst The Bear, 100 to 7 agst Northfleet, 20 to 1 each agst Verity and Martha. Great excitement was caused by the non starting of Liberator and Citizen, who had stood tirst and second favourites up to the last hour the night before, and the " money not being right" was once more the tale. Liberator the Irish division went for to a man, and were fearfully indignant when they found the pen had been put through his name. The owner has since written a letter to the sporting papers, which at least has the merit of being candid. He says that he tried all he could to get on at a fair price, and could not, as the public had all the money. He then determined. not to run for them alone, and scratched his horse at 11 o'clock on the day of the race. With regard to the race itself, I should mention that HiB Lordship was knocked over by Tattoo at the first fence, as was also The Bear, and that Shifnal and Martha lay alter nately first or second almost throughout the entire journey, a grand race up the straight ending in favour of the former by a couple of lengths- The value of the stakes was £1,690, and the time 10m. 23s. During the following week meetings were held at Windsor, Redcar, Packington, Mel ton, Croydon, and Hereford, the latter jjeing the only one of any interest, as it was this year made the annual gathering of the Grand National Hunt. The leading event, the Grand National Hunt Steeplechase, was won by Filbert, a son of old Nnthorne. On the second day, Mr. A. Chirnside's colours were carried to the front by Melbourne, in the Grand National Maiden Hunters' Plate, three miles. The horse was well ridden by Mr. E. p. Wilson, and won very easily at the finish. This week we have had racing at North ampton, where the stakes went to Prince George, and to-day the Warwick Spring Meeting is being brought to a conclusion, but there is little at either of these meetings re quiring more than passing notice. There has been during the last week a fair amount of wagering on the Two Thousand Guineas and Derby, Beauclerc being a strong favourite for both events, 2- to 1 being freely taken about him for the former, and to 1 for thelatter. Pilgrimage, Childeric, and Insulaire axe most fancied next for the Newmarket race at from 5 to 7 to l each, whilst . Athol Lad;-roarer and all as he is, has been- "backed ! at 10 to 1 to rival the performance of his great brother Prince Charlie for the Derby. Sir Joseph has been backed at 7 to 1, the next in demand being Childeric' and Insu laire. The first of the great Parisian meetings was held at Bois de Boulogne on Sunday last,. and was. a,great success, Count Lagrange commencing in wonderful style, by winning four events in succession, and actually first and second in three of these. The chief event of the day was the Prix du Cadram, a sweepstakes of 12 sovereigns, with £1,000 added, for four year olds, Sat. 121b. each; dis tance, two miles five furlongs. . This was won by last year's Grand Prix winner, St. ChriBtophe, who beat his Btable companion, Verneuil, and three others, inclnding Jon gleur, somewhat easily in 5m.. l£e. St Chriafcophe-was a warm favourite at 7 to 4. It was quite a 'treat to find the Count for once winning with the horse most fancied by' thepublic. There;is yet a chance that we shall.see George Fordham in the saddle once more. He seems to have " pulled himself together "' lately, and has been riding in trials. -Heis mtich reduced in weight, too, so that he will beable to scale asuttleas 7st. 7lb. If in anything like his old :form, he should run FredArphera tight race for the champion ship.1 ; ' . 1 Lord1 RoBebery waS married to Miss HahnaSi Rothschild on the "20th nit.:; The. Earl is very popular with racing men, and vjwth'hifl wife s' fitud and his own, the. prim roseand roee hoops Should be often seen In We^in'ftBeaadriortwo; ; . W.'Archer/astefeplechase jockey,and elder brother (of fted Archeri the-. celebrated flat HK» jdckey,,was kiU^4*t Chelfcenhgin .tothrao^ r^S^g ov^rW^ ' ^cted intemalinjuries wMch provedfataL\ \- -' ThePlumptonineetingwasoonOlnded on the day after thBlastraailleft, and nearly wound b&en; one orlwo ^^mporowit^xto^ since) TheGfceat Southern Cub waft won by Mr, R. Itpoughls'sbk w ' ^ lwon, by Hopeful' Joe xidt m Don't Forget. and there was some talk of a-mtach being made with -Coomassie, but 'JtVfeine to ? The Stakes also tvent tothe same gentleman, Dear Erin.by Contango out of D^th^beating Mr; T.'QndhamptoirabitchQuegnCIsuraJfor the UVgyuvuou "4, fcoth heMsinwmy laat. ^ere sue riatiieriiUEB« the year-^-the University boat tace-takesftol»6e overthe nBuAl course^ Ptitney to Hortuke. result#Ul$I #q&<xahb,MiSotfn toyWty Wirtiy Mohdartiextrso ^hiita&y; 11 remarks lad'to the probabu issue are useless week at its accustomed height, all the Bhon windows being decked with the rival colours The towing path, too. has been crowded during the last three or four days to witness the practice of the crews. I do not think the ' contest will be anything like so exciting as last year, as the Oxford men row in much the better form of the two, so much so indeed that 3 to 1 is freely.betted on them. The fault of the Cambridge men is that they feather too low, and often under water. The low feather has always been one of the chief - characteristics of _ a Cambridge crew, the reason assigned being that the Cam-being a narrow river-is rarely agitated by wind, so that on first coming on the Thames at Putney (and more particularly in an unusually bois terous week, as the last has been) they are somewhat bothered by the waves. The Oxford men seem, on the other hand, quite at home in the rougli water, and are, I think, an ex ceptionally good eight. If Saturday morning be fine, however, the banks of the Thames will present the same extraordinary aspect they do once every year, and should the day be calm the race, after all, may be an exciting one-" We never can tell till the number goes up" being quite as true a maxim in aquatics as in cricket, horse-racing, or any other 8P°rt' OXFORD. st. lb W. A. Ellison, University (bow) 10 12* D. J. Cowles, St. John's 11 si H. B. Southwell, Pembroke 12 7 W. H. Grenfell, Balliol 12 9 H. Pelhain, Magdalen .. - .. .. .. 12 10 G. F. Burgess, Keble 13 2 T. C. Edwards-Moss, Brasenose 12 2i H. P. Marriott, Brasenose (stroke) .. .. 12 3 F. M. Beaumont, New College (cox.) .. .. 7 4i CAMBRIDGE. % at. lb. H. R. Jones, Jesus (bow) 10 10 J. A. Watson-Taylor, Macdalene 11 12£ T. W. Barker, First Trinity 12 10* R. J. Spurrell, Trinity HaU .. ... .. 12 1} L. G. Pike, Caius 12 10 C. Gurdon, Jesus 13 4 T. E. Hockin, Jesus 12 12 E. H. Prest, Jesus (stroke) U 0 G. L. Davis, Clare (cox.) 7 6 [The Oxford crew won easily.-SP. ED.] Sir J. D. Astley'a great tournament at the Agricultural-hall turned out a pecuniary suc cess, and caused immense excitement. The conditions were that the competitors were to make the best of their way on foot (run or walk, that is) for six days and nights, the man compassmg the greatest distance in the time to be of course the winner. There were two tracks laid down in the hall- one for Englishmen and one for foreigners-and this was the most unfair part of the proceedings. There cannot be a doubt that the sporting baronet meant well, but it is obvious that to have to be constantly passing and re passing a number of other competitors is an immense handicap as against a man who has a track to himself, ana can plod on all day quietly. Some of the interest in the contest was taken away by the fact that Weston, the American, was too ill to compete. This left O'Leary, the Irish-American, the previous conqueror of Weston, the only occupant of the foreigners' track. For the first two days the attendance at the hall was not large, but towards the end of the week, when it became known that O'Leary was leading,, but that Vaughan, of Chester, was running turn close, the excitement became very great, and thou sands poured through the turnstiles at the great hall. At the end of the second day O'Leary had done 200 miles, Corkey 190, Brown 188, and Vaughan 185, and from this to the end O'Leary was never headed, but rather increased his lead, ultimately winning by 20 miles. Vaughan rapidly passed all the others, and for the last 36 hours the race became a match between Chester and Chi cago, but poor Vaughan, although he strug gled gamely, and often ran a mile at a time, whilst O'Leary stuck to .the walking, could not reduce the gap, and so, as mentioned above, he lost by 20 miles, the totals on Saturday night, at 8 o'clock, being-O'Learjv 520 miles two laps ; and Vaughan, 500 miles. It was very painful on Saturday afternoon to see these two men. bothlooking black and grimy from want of sleep, and so terribly lee-weary -O'Leary the more especially so-^but he knew be held the winning card in his hand, and if he kept going at only two miles an hour for the remainder of the time he could not be caught. On the other hand, poor Vaughan kept running to try and gain a few miles, so^that in case O'Leary broke down altogether he should be near enough to him to be able to make up his ground before time was called. . Jive bandied and twenty miles in six days ip beyond doubt a most marvellous performance, but it is distressing to find these Jong walks growing on the public taste, as, however interesting they may be on soli tary occasions, as proving how much the human frame is capable of enduring, they can but be in the long run most prejudicial to the constitutions 01 all those who indulge in them. The teceipts during the week at the Agricultural-hall were very large, and amounted altogether to over £3,000, on Satur day alone over .£800 being taken at the turn stiles. ? Glove fights are still all the rage, and one for the championship and a £200 cup, at the Cambridge Heath skating rink on the 4th inBtj., between Allen and Davis, was a great success.. When! say a great success,. I mean ill was well condupped; but as far as the boxing went, it was-very one-sided,1 Tom Allen being far too good, find doingjust as he likedwfyhDavis, who, by the bye, is an Aus tralian. j Davis is far the-smaller man of the twG.being only &ft; 7in. in height, and weigh ing putl&t; 61bM \yhiJJ3t Alten is 5ft lOjin., ^ .scaled lSsrfilbl Allen, of course, »a well-known man in the j^)4umag fought many will-contested fights both in England andAmmca. " . -Co&chjng; lor the ^^ftc^g^sgaaon, jnow nfeas) to be a full ojig, Tfc^www Ayl««^rd will .nbtf&mM; to town, bu^ will run a coach from Coventry toBinmnghani. -Mr.;'Parsons, too,' 'will, Ijfear, discontinue the St/Alban'sone; WsmjsM pothers, will -be in their places, andlheP axe now busily engaged procuring te8iM."\thich;this yea* wtfl oe ^rather ex . pensive Ibus'ineas, is - the -price of horses tws - Jwonflerfully increased lately on accpunt of the iajrge l>i*ying orders ripw heuig ^tecpted thepftyt. 