MISCELLANEOUS. Mr Jules Joubert writes to Mr P. N. Tre- beck, of Sydney, as follows:—"Paris, July 2, 1878.—My dear Trebeck,—We have the juries at work nearly all day long. They con- sist of one from each nation represented at the Exposition. The wool jury has been now twenty-two days at it: and every day they have come to us. The contest in that section has been the most severe, and I am proud to tell you we have beaten the whole world, not by favor, not by majority, but by the unani- mous verdict of twenty of the best judges in the world. Hungary has run us close; Wilson, of Victoria, also made a show at the winning post; but E. K. Cox has decided the race. Not satisfied with the gold medal, which the judges say is not adequate reward, they have recommended a prize which is not in the schedule, and which they have named 'Le Grand Prix.' It is indeed a glorious day for us to have won a perfectly unanimous verdict of unparalleled excellence in our principle staple. The judges were delighted with the way the wool was shown; the cases which so many have criticised are the only really prac- tical show-cases we have in the building. They show the wool well, are easily got at, and I think have materially helped us to get to the top of the tree. Mr Walter Renny, at one time mayor of Sydney, died in London on the 24th June last. The deceased left by the Suez mail steamer from Melbourne in April last. In Paris he became seriously ill of malignant typhus fever, supposed to have been caught at Rome. As through the excitement of the exhibition proper attendants could not be obtained, Mr A. J. Riley (of Riley Brothers, Sydney) kindly nursed him night and day for a week, and then, taking advantage of a fine day, successfully removed him across to Eng- land, and delivered him over to the care of his mother on 19th of June. Mr E. B. Woodhouse's well-known short- horn cow, Pet 2nd, the dam of the champion bull Imperial Purple 9th, Princess Purple 8th, and several other prize shorthorns, died on the morning of the 7th instant, at Mount Gilead. She was a very valuable cow, a statement which is well supported by the fact that £407 15s each was the average price obtained for her stock. Messrs G. A. Lloyd and Co., of Sydney, on the recommendation of some of their largest creditors, have placed their estate in the in- solvency court, as it was not possible to perfect a deed of assignment, there not being the number of creditors in the colony to make the four-fifths which the law requires. At the last monthly meeting of the Royal Society, Tasmania, it was unanimously re- solved to fill the vacancy in the list of hono- rary members caused by the Rev W. B. Clarke by the election of the Hon. William Macleay, F.L.S., Sydney. Induced by an inspection of the Victorian exhibits at the Paris Exhibition, four French men have arrived in Melbourne by the Somer- setshire, with a view of taking up land in the colony for the cultivation of the vine and olive. The Governor of Victoria, Sir George Bowen, has received a telegram from the Im- perial authorities informing him that a highly prized Governorship of the first-class will be placid at his disposal, on the expiration of his term of office in Victoria. Silverback combs are again in vogue. It is style to wear a large bouquet in the belt. Iceland floss is much used for crocheting shawls and sacques. Gloves flirtation are now added to those of the fan and handkerchief. The "Mandralin" is the name given to a graceful headdress of lace just introduced. Valuable Discovery for the Hair.— If' your hair is turning grey or white, or fa]Iing off, use "The Mexican Hair Ronewer,' ,/or JkieiVi positivey restore inevery case Grey »r' WTfite hair to its original colour, without lefojnff ihe disagreeable smell of most ' Restorers.' It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glandB are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for "The Mexican Hair Renewer,' prepared by Henry C. Gallup, 493 Oxford-Btreet. London, and sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s 8d per Bottle.— Adv. A clever piece of work has been accom- plished in the lands department, an erring officer of long standing being the victim. Kleptomania does not confine its victims to valuables in shape of money or jewellery, but permits of operations on sweetmeats, or in their absence on the excellent fare enjoyed by civil servants at the half-hour forenoon inter- val. In one branch of the Sydney lands office a day has never passed over without complaints of some unscrupulous hand being laid on the lunch baskets. One gentleman was victimised four times successively very recently, and the horrible presentiment came to his mind that the chief of the branch was the culprit! A conference was held, and it was decided to bring the offender to justice. The whole of the lunches next day were liberally served with tartar emetic. At about one the chief felt disinclined to dine, and at two was sure he was attacked by cholera or typhoid. Half- an-hour later the real symptoms were apparent, and the sympathies of the officers of the de- partment increased as the tableaux drew nigh. He was sure he was going to give up the ghost (as he had had a fearful dose), but in- stead of that gave up the dinner! He has since petitioned for the removal, it is said, of the chief conspirator, on the ground of insub- ordination. The proverbial "nine lives of a cat" has been exemplified before now, but this time a dog can equally be classed with the feline quadruped. Mr Roche, of Haddon, on three different occasions essayed to hang a dog, and each time left it for dead, after hanging on the bough of a tree for some time. On being cut down for decent sepulture it showed signs of animation, and wagging its tail bolted as straight as possible for home. Mr Roche will not now part with the dog, as he thinks it unnatural. A frolicsome ghost is reported to be amus- ing himself in the Duke mine (writes the 'Maryborough Advertiser') by destroying the workmen's clothes. The account is that one of the miners being startled by a mysterious knocking in a drive, turned round in that direction, when his coat by some unaccount- able means became split up tho back from top to bottom. The victim is very confident as to the supernatural origin of the occurrence. Thick fringes of buds falling from under the straw cartains of bonnets are a new caprice of fashion. 