T H E \ P H A. N T :0 M MINE R. J' (A story of the old gold digging days.) Thll you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a halo old |) gentleman of 70 years. "Well, I will relate a peculiar 7 affair that happened on Talltnans Gully, in 1S59." ) We were all. attention, and listened to the very remark - f able narrative he related in the following manner : ) " You must know," commenced my uncle, "that I and j S four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ) wc were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to ) keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday's work, you may be sure wo were tired enough ; but we were ) every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clitik ; of a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did > not cease until the break of day. One night we were . determined to see who it was ; so we sallied forth in the bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel I shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an . old claim which bad been deserted for many years. I was chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger; » but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, transfixed with horror, — for the" wearer of the digger's clothes was no living man, hut a sluilet.on /" I Uncle Ned 1"- we allicried, how fearful." " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- to-do looking man, of about fifty years of age, who > enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. He told us that in '61 -be and a mate of bis deserted from one of - Her Majesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans i gold fields! They worked witk-pretty good luck for a few months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to see aboiit some Tetters. Before he went, he said to his I mate, -Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the claim for a day until I come back.' Bob promised, and 1 they parted. ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- i digger,! an'd there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on board ;:and now that I. have obtained my discharge, 'I 1 have hastened up here to find my old chum.' 'You wili i see, him to-night,' I said; 'but you'll find him very much chauged.' : At midnight, the everlasting clink of the phantom's, (pick was heard, and we all turned out. 'Ah I' cried the sailor, ' there's dear old- -JBob. Bobyhere I am back. !Bob, speak td'me." s He1 ran- 't3 the figure, which turnedits hideous face on him. With aloud shriek the seeker fell senseless on the' ground." The ghost threw down its pick, and vanished! ' in the 'morriin'g we discovered the poor- sailor Jacraving( lunaticv" f..._ ... ; ... C?' Ohj '-uncle-Ned,- what a fearful 'story.'!- " Well, , y.ou , asked me to tell you a, story, and I have done, so!"- '.'.".i .. . - ,! v . - 1 V ': Theh , it. is not true : , " Well, liafiLbuf 'uhclp; laughing, " it is as tfuejas many of the, abstird yarns that got about during' tbe' raging of the gold fever. Ah, those were strange dajrs,; when men wouldund'ergo any amount of. privation for A few ounces of gold. How differed tfit is noSy'V -for 'should: a man be pushed for a large. or small amount all tkat he has to do is to have anG'htevview:' with "D'AYID\HEN'RY, of 52 Collins street east, . WHohasrffdihsifc5''to'i£i0,600 to lend on note's of hand, bills of sale (with or without security), salary orders, life policies, certificate's; -rdeeds'i bill' of lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per sons may be entitled £6- from England and else where, etc.,, repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills discounted daily aj; the lowest rate of interest, and mortgages from 6 per1 cent. ,'io; . 'i 