Our Sydney Letter [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] June 1. THE Agricultural Society of New South Wales are in a rather awkward fix. Last year they started the idea of holding a grand International 1 Exhibition in Sydney in 1879, and they have gone so far as to get an elaborate prospectus or programme printed at the Government Printing < office, under official authority ; but they now And that they have undertaken more than they I can perform. "The affair has assumed pro- t portions they never contemplated," they now say. It has, to their dismay, been raised abroad all over the world, through the notion of the Imperial authorities, to whom it was represented some time ago by the Government here, at the request of the society themselves. All at once 'The committee of thuBooiety opened their eyes to the fact that their resources were not equal to the occasion. A scare took possession of them, and they went on Friday to the Colonial Beer, I tary to ask for the sum of £200 t Two hundred pounds to enable them to carry out an international exhibition of a character so comprehensive that it had, to use their own words, assumed proportions they never con- s templated. The Colonial Secretary opened his 1 eyes at the extraordinary request; but he was too shrewd not to see what compliance with it meant. They wanted the Government I to' appoint commissioners in Europe, and they named the present commissioners for New South Wales at the Paris Exhibition. Mr. 1 Fitzpatrick told them this was the ugliest thing that had come before him during his administration. If, said he, the Government advance this £200, they will be logged into the matter 1 against their own will, and this £200 will probably lead to £20,000. One of the deputation 1 meekly suggested that if the Parliament refused to vote the t £200, in the event of "the Govern- mont advancing it in anticipation, the society would recoup the Government the amount. Refreshing innocence 1 And he was a member of the Assembly who made the suggestion. Mr. < Fitzpatrick told them he was not prepared to < ask his colleagues to appoint commissioners until he could be assured that the affair would not fall through. It certainly did appear to } him that the matter had assumed proportions beyond the immediate power of the BO- ciety, and unless the Government took it up, the society would stand disgraced before the world. Why did not the council get the notes- I sary funds before they went so far into the matter. The Government would, he told them, have to look the matter in the face, and he must I say that it was larger than they had any I idea of His personal idea was that the thing was premature, and that it would be time to deal with it ten years hence on the centennial of the country. He spoke to them more in sorrow for the ridiculous position they had put the country ( in than in anger for their indiscretion, and suggested that, if the thing was to fall through, it had better fall through at once, and not be kept * dangling before the world, and after all be allowed to collapse I speak from personal observation when I say and this can readily be ( understood that the deputation went away ' heartily ashamed of themselves. 1 Our Premier has been down south this week on a sort of semi-official visit. He went down to open a Masonic Lodge, and was fated, interviewed, and entertained as such functionaries in- ] variably are when they do the country. The inhabitants of the sunny south took good care to run him about the question of a railway to Illawarra ; but he managed to put them off with an assurance that they were certain to got it in time, but that the time had not quite arrived I yet. Mr. Farnell also had the courage to Bay t that now taxation would have to be imposed, for we are, he said, living beyond our means. 1 After about a fortnight's absence at the Cable 1 I Conference, Mr. Burns, our Postmaster-General, I returned to Sydney on Friday. The result of the conference appears to have given general satisfaction here, though it might have gone farther and provided for an extra land line. Sydney people are jubilant at the news of the victory achieved by the Australian, cricketers over the English Marylebone Club and their play against the Yorkshire team. The easy defeat of our boys by the Nottingham team was most unwelcome news to many, but consolation was not wanting ; the weather was bad, the ground sloppy, and the team had only just come off a long sea voyage such were the principal causes assigned for their defeat, and the soundness of these excuses must be admitted. However, the Cornstalks have now given the Englishmen a taste of their quality, and it will be strange indeed if they do not score many more victories. Their doings at the other side of the Globe are looked for here with the closest interest. More honors for New South Wales from the royal hand. Among the lost batch of newly created knights is the hon. John Hay, President of the New South Wales Legislative Council. Few men in this country better deserve this mark of distinction than Mr. Hay. He has been connected with the political institutions of the country for over a quarter of a century. He was Minister for Lands and Works in the Parker administration, 1856, and was for three years Speaker of the Assembly. He has now been President of the Council for nearly ( five years, and has won the confidence and esteem of all classes by his probity, his sagacity, and his suavity. The honor of a Companionship in the Order of St. Michael and St. George has been conferred upon Mr. Henry Halloran, late Under Secretary for New South Wales, a position he has occupied for over half a century. This honor is evidently the reward of good behavior and length of service in a high official position. Beyond that Mr. Halloran's talents or services to the country have not entitled him to distinction. The Civil servants of New South Wales are agitating for a. Superannuation Fund. This question of superannuation has been a sore point with the public servants for a considerable time. Since the old fund went insolvent, some few years ago, various efforts have been made to get the Parliament to agree to some system by which men who have served the country for a certain length of time should receive retiring allowances, but without success. What the Civil servants want now is that a certain percentage should be deducted from their salaries, to be supplemented by an equal amount from the consolidated revenue, for the purpose of forming a superannuation fund. So far, their proposition appears to be reasonable, but there is some diversity of opinion about important details that is likely to retard the settlement of the question. The chief difficulty appears to be in the percentage to be deducted from different salaries. A small salaried officer would of course pay a smaller percentage than one receiving a high salary ; but the high salaried officers being generally older, will first come in for the benefits of the fund. It will require an actuary to adjust the proportion to be paid, having in view the questions of age, length of service, and salary. Then again, some provision should be made for widows and families of deceased Civil servants who die before they are entitled to the benefits of the fund. In a somewhat elaborate scheme, which a crowded meeting has unanimously adopted, they expressly state that they abstain from making any recommendation for gratuities to widows or families of deceased Civil servants, believing as they do that the Legislature would not recognise the principle. The whole question, however, concerns the public as well as their servants, and where there is so much unanimity upon the principle of superannuation any difficulty about details ought surely not to be allowed to stand in the way. , (Nothing definite is known about our future governorship ; but the cable tells us that the Marquis of Normanby is likely to be the next occupant of the position. Sir Hercules Robinson's term expires on the 3rd of June instant, but he seems to have no idea of shifting yet Tis said here that he has been offered the governor- ship of either Madras or the Cape. ] In the matter of amusements we have been having a glorious feast of Shakspearian plays during the past week, with Mr. Creswick at the Victoria Theatre and Mrs. Scott-Siddons at the Theatre Royal. Creswick has just terminated the longest and most successful engagement ever known in this colony by any leading exponent of the legitimate drama 135 consecutive nights, and to large and frequently crowded audiences during the whole of that time. At his farewell benefit, on Thursday night, there was a thronged (and in the dress circle a fashion- able attendance, and the beneficiare made a capital speech on the occasion, thanking the public for their generous patronage, his associates for cheerful co-operation, and the PresS for generous and unsolicited support. During his engagement Mr. Creswick produced the following' plays :-" Virginius," " King Lear," " Merchant of Venice," " A New Way to Pay Old Debts,'' "Hamlet," "The Jealous Wife," William Tell," "The Stranger," "King Henry VIII." Much Ado About Nothing," Richard III.," "King Henry IV.," " Othello," "Worner," "Romeo and Juliet," "The School for Scandal," and "The Taming of the Shrew." That Mr. Creswick is a great actor is admitted on all hands. He was an immense favorite here, both on and off the stage, and he carries away from Sydney with him the good wishes and the admiration of thousands who have heard him with delight and advantage for the last five months. Mr. Creswick goes hence to Adelaide. At the Royal, " East Lynne" ran for over a week to full houses. This piece, meretricious as it is in plot and VICIOUS in sentiment, is, in a purely dramatic sense, a good play, being constructed so as to move a sympathetic audience to tours, while those fine fund of humor; and therefore the piece will always draw when well played. It was withdrawn-while attracting large audiences, and "Romeo and Juliet" substituted. The change appeared to show that Shakespeare is not appreciated as highly ( as Mrs. Henry Wood, for the fine domestic tragedy of the immortal bard draw but moderate houses. " As you Like It " was better patronised, but it only ran for two nights, and the management again fell back upon "East Lynne," which filled the house again. 'Baker and Farron still occupy the boards of the Queen's Theatre. They are playing to large audiences. Thomson's Confederate diorama finished a six weeks' run at the School of Arts, where it was well patronised, as much I fancy, for the merit of the lecture and the ventriloquism of Lieutenant Hermann as for the beauty of the pictures. I believe the diorama will open in Brisbane on the 10th instant. Darcy Read's wonderful "Ghost Show," a performance of shadows, has now been at the Guild Hall for over three months, and is still well patronised. Last of all, but certainly not least, I must mention Mdlle. Charbonnet grand concerts at the Masonic Hall, the third of which she gave this week to a crowded, fashionable, and dis- criminating audience. Mdlle, Charbonnet is a distinguished pianist from the Conservatoire of Paris and we have heard nothing to equal her in execution, expression delicacy of touch and phrasing, Bruce Arabella Goddard was born. The audiences are in raptures with her playing, and the critics are unable to point out the slightest fault. As she is well supported by local talent, the concerts are a great success. We had some fine rain during the past week, but want more. Weather now bright and beautiful. 