an A .ROMANCE uOF TEMPLE BAR. ist (From the London Week.) in Now that we are witnessing the closing ed days of the old bar, which for about two centuries has marked the dividing line be he tween Fleet-street and the Strand, it is is- possible that our readers may take an in ire terest in a little romance which occurred ite nearly a century since to a member of the e- great firm of Messrs. Child and Co., who >r- then carried and still carry on the business al. of bankers, at the house which adjoined ut the bar on the south side, under the sign ed of the Marygold, though it now passes ed by the prosaic name of No. 1, Fleet its street. in The Marygold, as far back as the Stuart re times, was a tavern which stood upon this ht spot, whose customers bore no very high he character for moderation in their cups. It ed was next door or very near to two other in taverns, the Apollo and the Devil, familiar ad haunts of Ben Jonson and other topers of ed former days. Some relics of these taverns, '- including a board painted in letters of gold ar. with Bacchanalian verses, are preserved to re these days in an upper chamber of the bank LIp of Messrs. Child.. ry Mr. Robert Child, a grandson of Sir eh Francis Child, erst alderman and lord vo mayor of London, and at one time member )n of parliament for the city, was head er ppartner of this celebrated firm during the a first few years when George III was king. He was a careful and thrifty man, not to Is say penurious ; and he had not only traded, at but had lived to middle ane with the sign e, of the Marygold swinging backwards and at forwards over his head. He was by no to means a youth when he removed with his ad family into the then fashionable quarter of 1h Lincoln's Inn Fields, and had seen more is than fifty summers when, in 1767, he pur e. chased a house in Be :kloy- squv.:e, which, 3 till within the last four or five years, has 's been the town mansion of his descendants, el the Earls of Jersey. One day Mr. Child asked Sheridan, who .e was his neighbour in the country, to write a for him a lay sermon, which Sheridan very te kindly promised to do. As it was not n money which he had to pay, Sheridan kept . his promise, and took for his text a verse \- in St. Lake's gospel, which speaks of a to "certain rich man." In his discourse he. s, described the personal character and con ,i duct of Mr. Child with such accuracy that . no one could "possibly mistake as to the d person whom "the cap fitted." Child ,e never quite forgave the preacher. The It truth is that he was not only very penur it .ious, he was also very proud. He had married a daughter of Paul Jodrell, who was highly cornectcd among the county , families of her tir-c, and had relations who, o on levee - days and drawing - ro3ms, had d been used to pay their court to George II it and his Queen at Kensington, though she' ,r consented to become the wife of the 'owner df the Marygold. This marriage . brought *to him one daughter, who was born about the year 1762, and to whom he was much attached. a He named her Sarah, after her mother. And in truth he had good reason to be s proud of her, for she grew up to be very prcoy and very charming; and when she a "came out " in the spring of 1780, she was 1 looked upon as one of the belles of the season, and it was prophesied that she would marry a duke at the very least. S But she was not destined to win the strawberry-leaves of a ducal coronet. For t the man of her choice she was content to 4 look two degrees lower down among the 3 e grades of the peerage, and to secure an earl was the highest point of ambition at which I she aimed. Her father however did not 1 s regard her views with satisfaction. One i afternoon a certain noble earl, a customer t Sof the bank, was dining quietly tete-a-tete with Mr. Child in the back-parlour, under I the-sign of the Marygold, no doubt with a view to discuss some question of a loan or 1 a profitable investment. When the money- ] question had been sufficiently considered, i t and the port had passed freely around, John Fane, Earl of Westmoreland-for he was the visitor-turned round somewhat i 1 abruptly to the old banker and said : " Mr. Child, I wish for your candid opinion on 1 the following case : - Suppose that you i were in love with a young lady and that her father refused his consent to her mar riage, what should you think of doing ? " " Why, I should run away with her, of I course! " was the answer of Mr. Child, who at the time had no suspicion that the question was one which had the slightest reference to himself or to pretty Miss Sarah, who was just eighteen, and whom 1 Lord Westmoreland had met once or twice in society. The dinner over, Mr. Child r3turned to his suburban mansion in the far west, having chdropped Lord Westmoreland en route at his bachelor-lodgings near Leices- t ter Fields as they then were called. A t few nights afterwards while the old gentle- a man was quietly dozing after dinner in his I armchair, a postchaise and four drew up under the shadow of the plane-trees which I had then been newly planted in Berkley- < square. At a given signal a young lady t stepped into the carriage, followed by her a lover. The postboys drove or rode off as v fast .as the foui' horses could carry them, ia along the northern road which led towards fi Scotland. It is said that the young lady o was enabled to make her exit from her father's house by the maid being bribed to Ji drug the ever-watchful duenna, who slept v in the outer .room of Miss Sarah's chamin- l1 ber, and who dil not wake till the night watchman of th3 square, one of the old g " Charlies," knocked at the do.r in the middle of the night and communicated the fact that the " bird was flown." The next o step was to call on Mr. Child, who, old and G penurious as he was, at once took a post- y chaise and pursued the runaways. They wv had had some hours the start; but whether ' ci Mr. Child had the better horses, or whether lc he had more relays than the young people rz no one knows; but certain it is that he as overtook them when they were already di close upon the Cumberland border, and ai only a stage short of the famous terminus so of Gretna Grecn. Finding himself pursued, cc Lord Westmoreland, who carried pistols, on after the fashion of the time, and was reck- th oned a good shot, stood up in his carriage, to and looking back out of the window, shot at the leader of Mr. Child's chaise, and so cl, caused the vehicle to break down and cap- s, size. This bold measure gave Lord West- ca moreland and the fair companion of his do flight time to get safe across the border, where the accommodating blacksmith was in readiness, with the prayer-book open at the matrimonial service, his wife standing by as clerk and witness in one. The pair were married and retired to rest at the inn before Mr. Child could overtake them. A marriage thus performed in Scotland by a layman, it is needless to add, was at that time as valid as if performed by the Arch bishop of Canterbury in Hanover- square; and what was done on May 20, 1782, could not be undone even in the House of Lords or by all the bishops on the bench. And what course did Mr. Child take ? Instead of making up his mind that " what can't be cured must be endured," and re flecting that the holder of so early an earldom as that of Westmoreland was after all an excellent match in a worldly sense for a plain banker's daughter, he allowed his spirit to overcome his, sense and threw himself into a furious passion. He vowed that he would never forgive Lord West moreland for what he had done, and kept his word. Within a year he was numbered with the dead, having never recovered from the blow. He lived long enough however to wit ness the birth of a little granddaughter, to whom with dutiful kindness the young people gave the name of Sarah, after her mother and grandmother. This delicate attention appears to have touched his feel ings, as we may surmise from the fact that he drew up a will, leaving to the child his large, fortune. The infant, on reaching womanhood, married in 1804, the Earl of Jersey, to whom she brought as a dowry her.. partnership in the house of Messrs. Child and Co. The Lords Jersey them selves and their families have ever since borne the name of Child in addition to that of Villiers; and the present Lord Jersey, Sarah's grandson, is not ashamed to own himself a partner in the house which, still rejoices in the sign of the Marygold. It may be added that in the first floor. front-room at Messrs. Child.'s,': through' which entrance is gained into the .upper chamber of Temple Bar, there nay still be seen a full-length portrait of Sarah, Lady Jersey, painted by Sir Thomas Lawrence, when she was still in the pride of early womanhood, and that the portrait will ever be regarded as one of the chief heirlooms of the house. In the bank itself-or shop as it is always called, by a tradition which dates from the days when bankers were goldsmiths also-let into the wall above the inner doorway, is the identical M Mary g1ld which once looked down upon the pavement in Fleet-street. 10, A SCHEMING MAIDEN. ad IN Clinton, Illinois, there was a lovely II maiden, say of thirty-five, who fell des lie perately in love with a young man ; and to ler prove the disinterested"rapture she felt for him, and the ardent nature of her gush, she ne hinted, as only a lady of thirty-five anxious ar to marry can, that he was the very finest d. man she ever came across, and could make ir. any woman happy by the simple means of be a preacher and a license. But the rich iry young man didn't see it; he didn't nibble; e and in fact he stayed away from there in a 'as most unproposing manner. But it was an he enterprising maiden, and so she went he through some five hundred novels in search of a good way to catch a rich young man ie with a matrimonial lasso, for as the couple or in a novel always marry, it is safe to con to clude that the courting must be good which to results always in success. rl Well at last the fair reader came to the 1h Romance of a Poor Young Man, wherein ot the point is that the P. Y. M. being locked ie in a moonlit tower with a lady, jumps off or the tower at the risk of his life, sooner than to stay up there and thus compromise the er lady. a " I have it," said the fair reader, closing or the book and going to the sexton of a lonely y- Methodist church which stood some miles d, in the country. d, Diplomatically besieging that sexton, she ic managed to wheedle him out of the key to at the steeple, which was high, had a spiral r. stairway inside, and only one window. Then in the rich but cool young man and the design )u ing lady were seen one afternoon riding at along that road, and stopping at the lonely r- church, to go up in the steeple and view a fine article of sunset. The couple, climbed of the stairs, and stood at the single window d, admiring the lovely scene until the sun 1e went down behind the west and the twilight st crept o'er moorland and lee-(see any novel as or poem for minute description). Then the m rich young man began to get skittish and ce wish he was at home, so he imparted a gentle hint to his companion that they had to better go, &c.; t, Now, the lady had locked the door of the n steeple, assuring the young man that it was s- the sexton's imperative command. Down A the steep, narrow staircase they came, and e- at the bottom the lady felt for the key in is her pocket; but no key was there. p ." Gracious me I' says she in a most h histrionic manner, " if I haven't gone and r- dropped the, key. out of the. window. It's y fifty feet to the ground. What will become ;r of us ? 'To stay in this steeple all night ,s with a man and show myself afterwards 1, unmarried would kill me," &c.;, and she is fell. on the young man's breast in a paroxysm y of weeping. ; ,r That young man was cool and business o' like. He waited until she turned off the It water; then kindly seating her on the 1- lowest step he started upstairs. "Heavens, Joseph; dear Joe, you ain't d going to jump ? " ' "' Not if I know it. You just wait." e Presently he returned with a bright smile 6t n his face and the bellrope under his arm. I Gently but firmly he took that thirty-five o year- old young maiden up-stairs to' the y wiudow, and in spite of her entreaties and cries,' tied the rope about her' waist and r lowered away. The conventional plough e raan, homeward plodding his weary way, a saw as the moon rose a parti-coloured ghost y descending the face of the' church-steeple, 1 and hoe 'began to plod faster, and at the s same time whistling a tune to keep up his courage. But curiosity stronger than fear caused him to take just .one more look at. the apparition; and what was his surprise to behold against the steeple two barred and striped objects' that loomed like the clown's legs in the circus. The ploughman slood rooted to the ground; and then down came ghost .number two,, and as it was a dark and masculine-lookl' g object, the ploughman rallied from his fright and ap. proached the spot, when he beheld a lady and gentlemen quarrelling, and the lady calling the gentleman a " horrid wrotch." No cards. 