(keuter's telegrams.) St Petersburg, ISth September. In consequence of the recent assassina tions here on political grounds, orders have been issued to reinforce the police by a de tachment of Cossacks, who will act as mi litary patrols throughout the streets of the capital. Berlin, September 19. Parliament has referred a bill embodying measures for the repression of socialism to a committee of the House. The proposal made recently by Prince Bismarck that tbe signatory powers should take common action to compel the Porte to carry out tbe stipulations of the Berlin treaty, has been again abandoned. London, Sept. 19. Reliable news has been received irom Bosnia and Herzegovina that tbe Austrian advance continues "unchecked. The capture is announced by them of Gradashacz ana Novoselsi; two fortified towns in Northern Bosnia. , The insurgents at Bihacz, a fortified town on the frontier of Herzegovina, have surrendered unconditionally to the Austrian forces, ' London, Sept. -0. England and Germany have forvrarae identical instructions to their respective naval commanders on the China station to use all endeavours to repress the acts o piracy on the part of the Chinese so fre quent of late. London, September '-l- Vice- Admiral Coote has been appoints commander of the China station. .if I An Austrian official despatch received a I the embassy here announces the comple i pacification of the province of Herzego- s vina. V I Murderers have in many instances h I convicted and executed by evidence that v: .elicited through the agency of a dream some vague ghost story. It is not genera . known,; however, that two men were in the North of England, a little more two hundred years ago, by the testimony o ghost. In 1631, a woman named Annie ler was murdered at Chester le Street. , ghOsfi, according to the local records, i to a miller who resided iu the neighbor » andtoldihim the story of her mtu»er- ". B iiifof medthe magistrates, "who. issuedTOJta g John Walker and JM | Sharp. These two men were _ tried I next Durham Assizes, found guilty, au . g cuted upon no'other evidence than tne g of the miller. — Newcastle Courant. g 