THE GUILD HALL. Ix the report of the Trades and Labour Council in last; Friday's Herald, the folloAving appears in reference to the meeting held iu the Guild Hall : '' The president said, from information received from the hall-keeper, there could not have been less than 2500 people present. There Avei'e 1500 seated on chairs and forms, ;lnd 50;i in the gallery, besides others that othei-Avise filled the hall. On the motion of Mr. Keys, it was decided that the thanks of the council should be forwarded to tho secretary of the Guild Hall for his services on the occasion of the late public meeting.' We give below a copy of the letter referred to. [Copy.] -; Trades and Labour Council of Ncav South Wales. ' Sydney, July 30th, 1878. ' Sin, — By a resolution passed by the Council, I have the pleasure to coirvey to you a vote of thanks from them for your kindness in so ably assisting the committee on the night of the public meeting. ' Yours truly, ' (Signed) J'. J. Hail, ' Secretary, T. and L. O. '' To the Secretary of the Guild Hall.' Wo have also much pleasure in printing a letter received by Mr. Murray from Mr. D'Arcy Head, proprietor of the ' Ghost,' on his leaving the Hall, after a five months' engagement. ' Sydney, July 22nd, 1878. ' Dear Mr. Murray,— I cannot leave Sydney without expressing my best thanks for your great kindness and gentlemanly conduct to me during my stay here, and the courtesy you have at all times exhibited in transacting the business in connection with your oflice as secretary of the Guild Hall ; and I can safely say, after some experience as a travelling exhibitor, that I con sider you admirably adapted for the office, and I only hope to. meet with the same urbanity from those 1 come in contact with in my future arrangements. Mrs. Read joins me in wishing Mrs. Miirray and yourself health and happiness, and you may rest assured that we shall use our best endeavours to induce any parties we may meet who are coming to. Sydney to exhibit to arrange to do so at the Guild Hall, as I flatter myself I have eradicated any absurd prejudice that may have existed here before, having induced nearly 20,000 persons to visit the hall during my tenure of the same. Any information I can give you at any time I shall have much pleasure in doing, and \vi 11 communicate with you in a short time. ' Remaining yours faithfully, ' D'Aect RiiAD. 'Thomas J. Murray, Esq.:- 