Miscellaneous.. I Relics of Franklin. — As telegraphed by the American correspondent in The Timfts of Friday, the schooner Eotlien sailed from New York on the 19th June, on her Arctic trip, in search of the relics of the Franklin expedition. The vessel has been equipped for a thirty months' voyage, and under the command of Cap tain Thomas F. Barry, whose discovery of the spoons bearing Sir John Franblin'6 crest and initials has led to the present expedition. The crew consists of twenty five men. Joseph Eberbing, or 44 Esqui meaux Joe,' goes as trapper, hunter, and guide. The Eothen will first touch at Whale Point, Hudson's Bay, to take on a number- of Esqpimeaux;, and thence pro ceed to JBeach Point, Repulse Bay, 140 miles north. At Whale Point Captain Barry first met the natives from whom he bought the: spoons, The Esquimeaus stated that the vessel from which they got the spoons was crushed by the ice at an island near Cape Hallo well, and be came a. total wreck. The crew, among whom was Sir John; Franklin, whom they recognised as ' Hilata,'' or leader, were taken by the natives to a point near Cape Englefield, 940 miles- from Whale Point, where one by one they perished of cold,, hunger, and sickness, and were buried. An important fact communicated by the Natch illes was, that- the white men left a number of books, with writing in them, which were also buried at Ehglefield, which is about 900 miles inland, and has never yet been reached by an exploring party. Leaving Repulse Bay, the search ing party, according to Captain Barry's plan, would , take sledges, and go across the country to Englefield. The journey will occupy four or five weeks.. The ex pedition will cost about 25;000 dollars.. It expects to be gone ro less than two years and a-halL Stores for- eighteen months have been taken on the Eothen, and more will be sent next spring by the whaling brig Henry Trowbridge; The party is well armed,, and carries ammuni tion for the entire thirty months. ' The Shores of the Polah Sea.' — It was to be expected that the last Polar expedition, which has produced copious additions to our literature, should also yield much interesting pictorial illustra tion. The handsome volume lately issued under this title (Marcus Ward' and Co;, Chandos- street, Strand) contains an. in teresting series of chromo-lifcographs and engravings, which deserve to be handed down along with'official naaratives by Sir G. Nares, to complete the record of the latest chapter of Arctic voyages and dis coveries. The artist, as well as the author of the letter-press, which accom panies the sketches, is Dr. Edward Moss, of the Alert, who gives both with pen and pencil a vivid description of Arctic scenery, monotonous -though this must for the most part be, and Arctic adventurers. One of the most spirited drawings is that of a successful musk or hnnk, in Discovery Harbour. The head of the wounded leader of the herd is highly picturesque — how full of wild Me and energy appears from the face that before he fell, this bull received no fewer than 28 heavy Snider: bullets. The experience of Arctic travel^ lers does not bear out the statement that animals which have' never seen man are devoid of fear. 'Every beast we met,' says Dr. Moss, ' from the musk ox to the lamming,' was afraid of us. They seemed to take some time to realise that we did not belong to their world. But having once made up their minds, they showed even more terror than wild ani mals generally do. Of another Polar animal — the Eskumo dog — more than once delineated in the volume — Dr. Moss does not speak with enthusiasm. As a rule he is ' utterly destitute to the ordin ary virtues of his species. There is a wolf that has found slavery convenient..' The teams are' invaluable; and on occasions each dog will pull nearly lOOlbs. during a long days march. But their ap petite is perverse. The meat biscuit pro vided for them was the one thing they would not eat. On the- other hand, they would bolt hide sledge- lashes^ whipthongs, canvas harness, or the pups of their own kind, which the men tried to rare.- The region of perpetual ice and1 snow is- not the place in which you may expect to find rich effects of color, but the cbromos show that the sun at certain periods lights up the scene there with glowing tints, almost too' violent, indeed,, to give pleasure to an artistic eye. In these; and other respects Dr. Moss's illustrations give us curious glimpses x-f nature iu her wildest and least known form. — Times. France. — The Exhibition still main tains its p'esti/jwe in popular favour. The jury work is at last o-j the eve of completion ; most, of the groups have : handed in their reports ; and it will be fouod that English and colonial exhibi tors, both artists and manufacturers, have 1 been exceedingly well treated. The ? number of medals to be awarded have in many oases been more than doubled., owing to the strong representations of the- jurors that it was impossible to- do justice with so few awa ds. Thus the number of gold medals, first fixed at r OUlr, has been increased to A&00, and the number of minor awards have also been considerably augmented. England and her colonies will certainly receive the- lion's share of the- medals available for foreign countries. A strike wave seems to lie passsing over France just now.. At St.. E'tienne 700' men iu the dye tradfe have struck, at Bordeaux, 450 bakers have struck work, at Auzin the coa! - miners are on strike, and r at Valenciennes 9', 000 men have left work. The movement in each case is caused by a demand for higher wages. To a cer tain extent the- workmen- are justified in ; the course they have adopted; for in France- the industrial clas-es are very poorly paid,. and all articles ofconsumption just now are both scarce a d dear. The French . capitalists have very little sympathy with labour. . Those who are contemplating a ' visit .to Paris will be j glad to learn that the hotel charges are now more reasonable- than they were, and that capital quarters may be secureB, with board, for,, say, 20' francs a day. Save the outcry which a section of the Paris Pl-ess has made in regard to the cession of Cyprus, France is political y quiet, and minding its ov.n business. | Most of the- Ministers are away making holiday,, and' the general' publ c are d'oing tlieir best to make hay while- tlie Exhibition sun lasts. There is a rumour, however, that the Ministers have been re I culled to P^ris anient the Cyprus business, but if this be true it may be taken for granted that it is only the- r?sult of a little ebuliiti; n of temper that will soon calm down. The Shah' has rushed- Off from Paris to Vienna. The American Flying machine. — On the 4 h July, in the presence of about 50,000 spectiture,. it started from the commiD at Bbstou on an expedition in tended to demonstrate to a wondering multitude the possibilities- of aerial navigation.. The plan was to saJ around j the top of the h.mses and aver the prin- j cipal streets. When, however, it was j ' let go, ^ instead of flying up gradually and gracefully, as it was expected,, it shot up l;ks au arrow at the most fright ful speed to th« cPs-ance of about two thousand feet- It was obviously beyond the conttoi of tha aeronaut,, who. was. the object of universal sympathy, more especially as, when he let off some of the gas,, the machine- obstinately refused to descend, but still kept on shootins upwards. At last it took a lateral course,, and proceeding through the air at a rapid rate over the neighbouring, country,, ultimately consented to descend at the little town of Farnbanatv to-tbe great alarm ofthe inhabitants.. Hoping that it would behave better after this escapade, the aeronaut let it go- up again and attempted to induce it to c irry him back to Bostou. Tbi-*,. however, the machine absolutely refused to do, and its conduct was altogether so wild and erratic that the aeronaut,, bringing it down again with some' difficulty, packed it up in disgust and returned with it to Boston by rs.il, explaining its failure by saying that its steering apparatus was out of order.. When a rider is tbrown over a horse's head, the horse becomes the power behind the throwo. ? The Garter. — The Examiner says : — Whatever may be our political opinions, it is impossible' to grudge Lord Beacons field the Garter which lie has conferred upon himself, or Lord Salisbury the Garter which the Premier, with almost cynical consideration and regard, has con ferred upon him. We may have ohr pwn view as to the Treaty of Berlin ; we may hold that a greater leap in the diark has been taken than any upon which the rashest of Ministers ever yet ventured. But, as a matter of fact, the Treaty stands ; the voice of a: brute majority iu Parliament either accepts, or, at any rate, sullenly acquiesces in it; and the two1 statesmen' who have had their share in the negotiation of a document which,, as some say, has secured the peace of Europe, as others hold has entailed a war more . disastrous than any by which' Europe has yetr been dirturbed, are reasonably entitled to some sort of reward. The Garter, we hardly need- The Times to remind us, is a distinction- of no ordinary kind. Sub ject to occassional exceptions, the Order consists of the Sovereign, the Prince of Wales, and twenty-five Knights Com panion; aud. should an extra- knight be ' elected; the rule is not to fill up the next 'vacancy. -The Order at present contains, amongst others, the King of Italy, the Emperor of Germany, the King of Portu- . gal, the King of Denmark, the King of the- Belgians, the Emperor of Austria, the Emperor of Russia, the- Emperor of Brazil, the King of Greece,' and' the Shah of Persia ; while; amongst the peers who have been selected for Royal favour, are the Dukes of Buceleugli,- Abercorn, Wel lington, Devonshire, Somerset, Suther land, Cleveland, Richmond, Rutland, ! Beaufort, Marlborough; and Westminster. The Order has, indeed, been almost .entirely confined to foreign- monarohs, Princes of the Blood Royal and' peers of the highest rank ; and. since the reign of Queen; Elizabeth,. Lords Pklmerston and Castlereagh are the ouly Knights of the Garter' who- never sat in- the House of Lords. Sir Robert Peel, it is said, re fused- the broad blue ribbon*. Lord Mel bourne refused it, on the ground that he preferred to give it to some one eise, and ? so, (having no occasion to bribe himself, ' could put it to better use. Lord Paumure ? used to say of it that it was the only distinction for which- he cared, because it was the only one for which ' that infernal rubbish called merit' was no qualification. The Earl of Beaconsfield has done strange things in his time. He has fulfilled his declaration that he would- be a peer and Premier of England. He lias made a duke, and has afterwards laughed at him-;, r.ndhe now. conferring the blue ribbon upon himself, has viola v?.d one of the most ancient traditions of the order, by bes towing it upon a comparatively young member :of the House of Peers, whose isole qualification for it is his bierit. ; Tile San Francisco News- Letter re -lates the follo wing story of an old Aus tralian favovitar — 'While Joe Jefferson was playing ' Rip Van . Winkle' at Chicago- last; sprinsr, he v/en'fe to the theatre very much- exhaus ed- by a- long: d:iy's fishing on the lake. When the cur ain rose on the third act it disclosed ; the- wh-te^haired ' Rip1 still immersed iir his twenty years nap.- Five, ten, twenty minutes passed; and still he did' not ! waken. The audience be^an to get im ; pa'ient, and;; the prompter uneasy- The great actor, doubtless knew what be was about ; but this was carrying the ' real istic' sort of thing too far.. The fact was that all' ,the time Jefferson was really sleeping the s-'eep-of the- just,, or rather of' the fisherman,, who has sat eight hours in- the sun without getting a single bite. Finally, the gallery got to be up roariouH. Hod one—of the - ' gods^— ssaated to know if there 1 was goih-j to- be nine teen vears more of this snooze- business.' Here Jefferson began to- snore. This; decided the- prompter, who opened a small trap beneath the stage,, and began, to prod' ' Rip' from behind. The- much travelled comedian began to fumble in his pocket for an- imaginary ticket,, and' * muttered drowsily — ' Goingcle-jr through '?ductor.'' The audience were transfixed with amazement at this entirely new reading, when suddenly Jefferson sat up with a loud shriek. The exasperated prompter had 'jabbed' him.- with a pin. The play went on then — with' a rush.' An Extbeme Case. — A German pro fessor, while lecturing on Momentum1 to a junior class, related, in illustration of his subject, au account of an explosion of gunpowder in one of the army trains dur ing the late war, on which occasion he said the horses were blown off their shoes. '? But this,' he added, ' was an extreme case.' Disappointed Cannibals. — Captain Swartz, of tbe Sydney ecboouer Zephyr, mi visiting one of tbe islands found that tbo natives bad confiscated some pigs which he had left there, and refused to 'rive him Rny satisfaction concerning them. The wildy navigator, not to be outdone, enticed the t caunibal king on bo*»rd, made bim prisoner until tbe tribe returned' bim the pigs. His majesty ?was very wrath at thiB treatment, ' vowed vengeance on the navigator, who | ; very prudently afterwards landed an Italian youth on tbe island to reside and trade with the natives. The lad, as ; might have been expected, was made a captive of, and the appetite of the tribe being disappointed in pork, was sharpened for an ? qually relishing disb in the shape of a young Italian. A native feast was ? being arranged, when the youth escaped from bis captors and travelled some twenty miles, along tbe coast, when the steamer Ripple took bim on board. Dan&ehs; o'f Napping in Chtjbch.— -A. droll and tuggestive event occurred in oae of our churches a week or two ago, which made our hur stand on end with fright and suppressed amafcement. A good ladv was tempted to fall into tbe areas of Morpheus, instead of. listening with becoming wakefulness to an edify- j iwg discourse - anl suddenly wakened j with a start and vigorous nod, that her | bonnet dropped into the pew behind — a id not her bonnet only — 7b, ladies, f think of it-^bnfc all her back hair too. How she clutched at it, and got out of church, and how ber husband felt in the t&eantime;, can be better imagined than described. It is not always wise to lose consciousness in public; one rajiy bave to pay too dear for the I fctle indulgence ; aa that old lady did iq a cbnrch iu Liverpool, England, who let fall ber * bible witb clasps to it : and the noise partly awakening ber, exclaimed aloud, *? What, you've broke another jug, you elut, have you ?' ? A Claimant to the Thhone of China. —A curious personage, in whom some little interest is taken by the Chinese, bas arrived io Canton as a prisoner, together with bis wives, mother, servants, aod suits, numbering twenty-one per son? in all. His name is . Wong Sam* yee, a Chinaman Sailing from Chan chau-?u, io Kwantuug. About two months back, it appears he took it in bis bead to 'imagioe that he had a claim fo the Imperial tbroDe, and pretended to bare the power of healing' the eick. He uow asserts thai be is the rightful ..Emperor of China, and bas several hnndred adherents in Chau-cbau-fu. The authorities took no notice of this fanatic for some time, until his as sumptions began to attract attention among the natives, when they had bim and bis family arrested and brought to C-inton, where he will be tried by the provincial Judge. His crime is one that will find no mercy; and he will in all probability .find his prehensions nipped in tbe bud by a sentence of death by the lingering process Wong Saoi-yee is described as a rather fine*looking man, dressed in mandarin garb, and with an imposing presence. He has Jew believers among the Cantonese, and there is not the ghost of a chance of any demon stration being attempted in bis favour. North China Herald. ; Foreign Competition. — Th e Pall Mall Gazette says a striking instance of the mode io which foreign competition affects one of tbe chief branches of our industry has just been brought to light. It appears that a contract was recently offered for v- . sta^jwils, mauu- West .. diatra&'avePp large quantity j irofaV Out of which he will I manufacture at his own works tbe rails re- ! quired. It is stated that the cost of the , iron and of the carriage to Germany will be more than one-half that of the sum to be received for the finished product. It is evident, if this be so, that the very low rate of wages aud the long hours of work in some of tbe-Continental countries are giving to those countries advantages in their competition with us which we shall find it difficult to contend against. More over, in addition to the disadvantages under which we labour owing to short hours and high wages, our manufacturers have to contend with heavy charges for the carriage of the manufactured article. The cost of carriage from one of the chief seats of the manufacture of rails to the port of shipment for Germany is 8s. per ton, while the Germans have very - cheap water carriage. Thus it is that we are being beaten by rivals who draw their crude piaterials from our own stores. I 