MONSIEUR D^B BDCHEIi. ' BADLTasithe;stoets-£>f!.®aBs-.were Jighted" iat sthesolose aofcihe rTeignJof:5»Iix>niBiX;Ti;'ihe; art otalluminatingAallrooms was as.well!nn- .then<nin®teenth:centaiyii;i'iTlie s guestss wlio flocked to the reoeptionB:".4)IirM;«d8?!Bo(!hSr, alter passmg through slreets in whioh a few •flickering oil-lampsrsoarcely: succeeded ;,-in; making'^sdarknesss ;vi8ible?™Jound themselves, in the centre'or floods of dazzling light, and surrounded i:bvall''tbat'jwks.brighi,faBliionable,«nd gay mihpjcityof Pans, ? 2 : Tjimes had mueh alfered^moe ibejdayB o(- ihe^randMon^rguejandvthe-hard^ndiafit 80 lints N>f ;soMeVi ®Eidly'Observed;' Were'nbw'well- Eigh^bliterated.-A-iireotirBor of thegrBat'B'evolutionywbich^waB hereafter to overthrow4i5'e^8tate-,iwaB fo be found 5n ^he , ?5nva«ionsof:<*be:Esa!lopns»iO^ the snobilityby iflnanciera'iiana 'oapitaliBts, who "wei-e received with open f arms^by-thoge who wished' «itberi^o -borrow money -from them, or to fteorrufitbeir'-isliattered- fortuneja :by--allitm.Des -with ihe money-bags oj^itbe 'period^ Kor wa.B this^ll, for tbe^posts and waiters o^the •day, •»nxious^o:/seoure. theJBuppo^li.well-| known".andjWeallhy,jiatroDB,^locked .tothes^ Teunions,"'wbioli-'they T enliven-ed -witli their, geniality and wit? .'Moniienr^de ®bcber could lay but little] /leal:ol»imto."tbe'patriciBn-!pKfiiwhichhe -lor tome yeaTj aflhibited 'to rJ hib^otherwmo Iplebeian same; But he beld^t^uaeH :«fficialjappbintment,whiob',ialthoughoutBide theCabiaetiigaveihimvalmostitheldignitysf lirHle bil wdl.^nowni^ealth ^ ..and splendid: pntertalnments .attracted*(h>) Jiei-t society in Paris,, He was, .moreover, a -man of . w^t apd. laarning. snd tifi, lie jiossejsed the.^omewba't tare faoulty of playing the ghost to .perfection^ bad "an excellent eook and a celjar of first.-oIas9 wine, bis"man.- Sion in lbe Jj'anbourg St. Germain 'was one. of the most popular in Paris. Dukes and peers, ambassadors and foreigners o) di(- tinction, . the BimpIe-' Kentleman. ftbB. poet, ihe , literary i man; tbe : barridter. r ana;; the capitalist, all Jonn'3 liere'a oemmon ground were rare, for they soon" found that -the fllimate .was -not congenial ; and ^he «onver-i nation wag not only remarkable for its piquancy, but its intellectual character.. Each guest, niter,paying his respnots 'to Madame de Bocber, mixed at once m the "throng, and was soon busied in disoussing. the last news of the day, or deep m the ques- *! on which agitated Paris. Marmontel land m m m h J T " ^gsgenimi *nv -^ouhR aiitbor to attempt,to holdlus*oto" against so powerful a clique,, "Voltaire" denounced. 3um :fcefore. iiis Jace;: Diderot 1 caricatured him at the Caffe^Procope; lie was jeered and laughed at everywhere i?n3.endedi;by- submithng:to1ii8 tormentors. The result of such a censorship was not "diffioult to ioresBB.V and in a phort time no' literary eflort which did not contain at least a.covert attack npon rel)gi<to, m accordance 5 with the, principles of the fashionable pln|o^. .^opby, had a chance of success. Let us .now tell the story of .M. de Bocher's acauiBltion of wealth ,t .His^riginrindeed -was iOf .the .lowliest; for. his father was but a working mason in the, days pf tlio-Grand :Monaique. One evening,, as the, father .was returning.-.home . wilh his Work-basket on his sboulder and'itrowel! inhand, man-wrapped in a long,-brown cloak, • !®J°®. 6 'y...followed iby.'a ^carriage iwithout." any armorial -bsarmgs . or ciphers, tapped' him on -tbe shoulder,and asked him whether he. would,like, to earn-five-and-twenty. louis. The .mason ,eagerly,aoquiesoed;; and having, ; entered.the:»arriagev hiS:eves were bandaged, and , :thp, horseB started ;off at a great rate. For several hours the carnage ,was driven rapidly about .the streets of Paris, with the obvious, mtentiom of making the. occupant lose; all; traoe of the.rcute be had traversed'; and when the; object had been accomplished, the .carriage - stopped suddenly in the courtyard of a large mansion. 'Bocber was then desired to alight :, and was at onoe oondnoted, his eyos.still .bandaged, into a kind of cellar, where, his .eyeBight ;;was restored, to him. -Here he found two men, both armed, and With their faces- concealed ;by masks. The .poor, man .waBjin.amagony of-terror, beliav7 wg. that .his last, hour had come; jint 'waB somewhat reassured.by the gestures-ol hie companions;-, who, ...fearful. of trusting thBir voices, made eigne to bun to-make some mortar of the lime .which was lying on the floor. A hole in the wall disclosed a reoesB;' and: the two men, raising -with difficulty f a weighty, strong hoxj placed it, in the interior, and made signs io Jhe mason to build up the: wall afresh.. . Booher, seeing, that nothing-was required of him but the legitimate exercise prfais craft,,quickly recovered hiB. self- possession; -and guessing .tbatithe .proprietors of the treasure were obliged- to quit the ; country, and ;had,,hit upon -this device - for , conoealmgjt.nnti!;better: tones should dawn' upon them, the notion of appropriating it to his o.wn use flashed like lightning across hia brain. .. When he concluded his work, as if intending to give alastpolieh to its completion, he placed bis.Jiand, thickly covered • with -wst mortar, on the new wall, and thus left the Sistiuct impression of -his five fingers on the hiding-plaoe of the-treasure-deposit. : The promised: .iive-aiidr.twenty louis were then faithfully counted out into his hand; bis eyes' were again bandaged, .and he was re-conducted to the..oarriage, which;, after following the same oourse of deaeption for three- long honrs, at last (leposited. bim in the .same street as tbatin which the man m the brown 1 cloak had found lum ' From thatiday forth Booher;abandoned the useof-tbe: hammer and trowel, and^ passed bis time (in.! wandering about Paris inspecting the, houses advertised to be sold,, direct-' ing ;his .attention especially to the cellars and.lower regions of -the buildings ; seeking •everywhere, but without success, -th»t .imprint of his hand which would point "the way to unlimited.wealth.: In-the pursuit of this : phantom, not only the twenty-five louis but ail,the little.saviugs.of his hard Work rapidly melted away, and misery and -hunger began to knock loudly at the ..mason's door-' One' after .another. he - sold the petty, articles' of furniture which bad embellished his humble home, to procure:tbe bread which -was necessary to sustaini.life,; and,, pale-.and "in raga, lie wandered about Paris, reading every new announcement of .vacant bonees; .and became a nmaance to the porters .entrusted with4he earoof showing them. -.u Two' years • thus passed »wayi-;two: long: years, occupied day. by day in seeking a lortune; and night by night indreamlng that it was found.•<> He .was returning home one eveningi fad -and dispirited, with' the ;;prooeeds.of the sale of -the bed upon which his! mother.had died, and which,had bBen one of Jthe very last articles of furniture: he-possessed, -when'his: eye waB caught by a 'large posting-billiannouncing thesalev! araagnifi- «csnt.: mansion belonging to 4he Due <3e Cairoux, m the: immediate vicinity: of ibife, ownrdwelhns:.'. - Be reoollected iJtbe story ;of the sudden disappearance of the Duke; and Dnjreading:.tbe.cbill;!found tbat:the property was: isold tnnder; a .legal decree, which :«oni; stituted 4.1iR.,beirn proprn;to[B-wit}i-a--po-^-.-«i JaBt iope .orossea^poor Booliel'a jmmd,"^nddie ationcB prooeeded:to:the house ! ,. and knocked hastily at tbe door. It was i»lmostidark, and iioione .paid any (attention ito 3na-r«ager summons; ,. After::a.^sleepless night he again made jits. appeariince. 'at tbe, 'portal-offthe Duke's >anansion; but although St iiwas noW -opaied, anotber' dsffieulty ^iresented itself, for , the porter. .'hesitated; :;to mason-had bBcome;: At lengthj.however, "he" agreed to do so upon tbe understanding that a servant, apoompanied the s'lange visitor during,, his -survey,"Of 'the-ipretmaes. The: powdered lackey was_scarc6ly mpre conrteous than the porter, and scornlullyljxhibited tbe rich furniture.''pictures, .and' pi-ioeless china which adorned -the.: apartments;-- to his humble companion. But these were not wbat Bother bad come to see, and at last he induced-tiie man to Bhow him lbs otllare' Wiiilst:tli6;footman-was<ieHeantii)gnpontb8 quantity.5®nd quality sol'ithBs^wines^aronnd' them, JBochetiwas .fAmously,-scrutinizing sail st he anortar'f.which «was' to > open ?to "him tbo door io nntoid weaitb It wis all -in vam, iand.deaf4Djtheanaii'fi msolonoe; ©ooherwas on "tlie;.-poii)t of -,Jeaving; .t!onvinoed rfbat^ 'his; last hope bad vanished like its predecessors, and that this could not have Seen tbe Iiouec' he ;had viaited'onlbat-eventlul'evening.when ibe istiddenlyspeiceived tomaUtxiellar situated: an an 1 annlemj the 'wall, which Bid'hitherto Escaped nbsefvatibni ' He turned bbok "and .EXAMINEDIT^LOSEIYI'LIIEFTECHNICALTLINOWLEAGE iaaam»Bon«tonoelBhowint?1iimth»tthfe4nor-: tar m onepartuf -ibe wall was jmiebtresh^z than elsewhere. He approached tbe 'spot, -and there—yes, there Ml no doubt -about it —there were ihe inatki-of the five fingera, plain and diBtinot At last, <at last'" -lie murmured to lumself, and to make uiuramia doubly «are,jbe traced, out each ;«f:the imjneBSUMtf "wHh,ji;| trembling band, There( 6obld;'be no ,dqubt j whatever about Jfc -At flastrhisrlong Starch: was ended. Eight days altorwards-'tbe property was to be sold by auction,- and -numbers ! ">of • the jariBtooracy jol ParMTBerii iheir Rewards io bid; lot it. It -was put np at fifty tliousandlouie'd'or; *and -two "thousand louis Weie at once^. added by .the steward 'of ihe Vac de Bern. ^ r • : . '" Sixty thousand -lomBj'.' aaid'.a voicS irom: a corner; and the "audience, turning Tound to look at the -man who hai the audaoity to. -outbid the iichestman'ini'ariBjdiHcovered a poor man whom -lheyhad suppoBed tbhe *; 1 beggar. - . «• Bisty-thunsand louis;" ^Bid i' the 'suotionfjer ! "sixty thonBand ioms-are bid, and: thiB-'flne property-is -going for only sixty. thousand louisl" v ' "2*he- «tei^ard add«a iive thonsand loms, id: the ;offer ?was' at onoe - capped .'by - the 'a^lWa^vep^h&asgDaiD;&l;^ Setween 'the 'steward^fi! the wealthj"l)nkel <and» miserable Iookmg"Jbeggar " ' t : One—bundred'-^and—ten-^thousand— louis, 1 '^-"slowly;"bnt with'«mphasii!, shouted 'the steward with' a-withenng- 1 look' Sat" bi« ragged " opponent.«• Bo(!her^"ileBltated, 1 : , for although he .well remembered i.how heavy the strong box':waB;'it was doubt)ul whether U. contained so large a snm'ss this, and lie was well-aware tbat tbe-penaltyfor non-payment wastbs Gbitelet prison' for life Vith -all its horrors..- ' There' was -not imuoh -time lor reflection, for already the " Going,'going" ot the auctioneer was sounding in'his ears; ' • One - hundred and; twenty . thousand louis;" he shouted; and-" One hnndred atid twenty thousand louis are bid," repBated' the auctioneer, amidst a breathless' Silence. •This time there was .no advance on the bidding; -and after' waiting the-stipulated: time, -the' property was knocked down 'to! Booher j and tbe dieoomfited steward^df the Duke quitted the field of baftie, revenging himself With a bitter jest' as be passed- his' conqueror. i • -•;..:;-(;:• - : .. Bocher,;with the penalty of non- ayment of- the enormous purchase-money staring him •in the-facB,-.. handed over the required sum within twenty-four hours, receiving inroturn the.necessary title deeds. . The mason became a dealer m monopolies,- and finished by leaving an immense fortune and a patent of nobility toihls son. Not contented with tbe house in Paris which had satisfied hiB father's aepirationa, the son built himself a splendid ch&teau; at Montigny,'^here he had " the honour of : entertaining, .amongst other important personages; -Lows XV. and'M- de Voltaire. The chateau was built' on a hill ; and puffed np with the vanity of his riches, M. 'de -Bocher had tne presumption to attempt to surpass the^teat work of Ijouis "XIV. at Versaillss, by bringing the/water from a greater distance and throwing it to a greater elevation- He bad a theatre attaobed to the chateau, and Jived the- life-of great land proprietors in England,-a state of thmga quite unknown in Franoe, His museum of natural history, his collection of pictures by the old masters, his stud of horses, were all unrivalled," and moreover, he bad the luck to enjoy his good fortune to-the last, for he died on the eve of the great : Revelation, leaving-two' 1 sons bshindhim^o enjoy hismysteribusly acquired •wealth.. •:-'•..•• ..•••. 