MODERATISM AND CHARITY;. (To the Editors of the Protestant Standard. ) , Sirs,— Tlie following extracts from a letter of the Tamworth News, " special Sydney corres pondent," I take as a text of a discourse upon " Moderatism." The italicizing is mine, as also is the running commentary in brackets — " Sydney is m a state of theological ferment. The Rev. Mr. Chiniquy's lootnres and Mr. Varley's, to say nothing ' of Mrs. Britten's ' inspirational ' exegelios, on Sunday evenings, serve to keep aglow the flames of a very, useless polemical discussion. It is true that the good temper and the tolerant spirit , of the eitizens repress all external demonstrations of fanaticism; but still the present combination of disturbing forces is likely to produce a very bad effect upon the mind of the youth of both sexes '' (as it apparently has already done on the mind of at least one senior of- uncertain gender.) " The classic myth of the apple of discord, about the possession of which three goddesses contended in a remarkably unbecoming manner, is a fable in Rs suggestiveness compared with the stern reality of a religious row, or a theological free fight." (This mythical reference has befogged me completely. Does the clause "the'elassic myth is a fable in suggestiveness when coiripared with the stern realities," &c.;, mean that it is no fable when not thus compared ? or is the myth a " suggestive " fable because it has suggested thoughts in the minds of tne Pseudo- Christian priests, and in those of their highly-cultivated classical votaries, unfavourable to the simplicity of Protestant worship, thus lending to that slavishly miriute imitation of on the part of the priests, and distinguished patronage on that of their votaries, of the old ceremonial worship which characterized Paganism ?) " Such hacking of scriptural texts, such mangling of historical naratives, such exhibitions of 'all uncharitable- ness ' one's attention is attracted to in Sydney just now, cannot possibly he described in a single paragraph. My rural readers are happily placed at a distance from this moral volcano in a state of appalling activity. They do not hear voices, hoarse with rage, yelling out accusations or execrations, against people who do not believe enough or too much. They do not see eyes inflamed with hatred, glaring on faces pale with suppressed rage. They do not witness unseemly gesticulations and contortions of the body. They have no evidence, ocular or auricular, of 'how these Christians hate one another.'" (Fine writing, almost rivalling the " Yankee " or "Far West" "high falutin" strain; and indicating that it is time that the "special" should commence the study of English prose composition ; and I may be permitted to suggest to the proprietors of the Tamworth News, the advisability of their presenting this member of their staff with a copy of Dalgleishs' "Composi tion," or some similar work, accompanied with a recommendation to study it profitably, if he desires longer connection with the distinguished Liverpool Plains Oracle ; but how am I to reconcile this statement of the appalling activity of the moral volcano with the previous one, " how good temper and tolerant spirit has re pressed all external demonstrations of fanatic ism?") " May rural life ever continue so— and, further,: may. the neighbourly relations — the kind offices— the generoushospitalitiesof country residents— continue to flourish, and by degrees modify and refine the religious rancours of the chief city of the colony." (Not destroy, mind you, hilt; modify arid -refine religious rancour- modify and refine it into a polite, genteel hypo crisy. . Here's fine .humbug if one only had the w'ck to see it ; and this is just' what, as a thousand instances 1 might be adduced ' to' prove, the " moderate " press, and the "moderate" pulpit inculcate as Charity and Truth. Bear rancour agaiust your neighbour, refined and hypocritical, but do not be manly enough to show it ; let error grow unchecked ; the tares must grow with the wheat, you know ; but never create any disturbance ; let us live ; in peace— peace at any price — false hypocritical peace, rather than.'- active, noisy, agitation. I, who am a Protestant. would destroy all ran-" corny I — ; ' Pray that come it may, As come it will for all that When inau to man the world o'er all Shall brothers be and all that. But not at the expense of truth,- or from" dislike : or fear of the noisy demonstration' which may possibly attend the exposure of error.) "' Lest it should be inferred from these remarks that the three individuals named above, Messrs. Chiniquy, Yarley, arid Mrs. Britten, are in my opinion, professional fire-brands, I beg to explain I think all three sincere in their several 'mis sions,' but I hold all three are more or -less insane." (Of course, this holding is 'that of an \- "authority," therefore tho "special" must bo a mad-doctor.) "If they could realize, as I dodaily, the mischief they are causing," (on one weak brain) how strongly they accentuate civic strife; and. contention," (retarding the watering of streets, cleansing of sewers, and a proper distribution of the rates); "andj what injury they will do the equitable working of our political : institutions " (making of none effect the tutorial eloquence of Hanley Bennett) ; ; " .they would, I think, turn . their talents (although insane), "in a different, direction. ; Men and women fancy they are called upon to assail the follies of the age ; but they cannot correct their own." (Of the truth of this mis sion the " special " offers himself for an illustra tion.) . . . "There is.no ctoubt that half-a- dozen, at least, of our city apostles, are' working hard for ' filthy lucre,' and they manage to secure enough' to enable them to wear clean ! it not fine linen and- calico ! ! They are not, perhaps, -very much to blame, individually." Not to blaine for what ? For wishing to wear clean linen and' clean calico !— clean' shirts arid clean petticoats ! That a Protestant or a .Spiritist.- is- morally- . .defiled, . ; I . presumed1 all Romanists imagine ; but I never, until I read the Tamworth Ncivs Special's letter, knew that they, the faithful aud. the wise, are regarded to be physically dirty ; but it now appears that a desire to wear clean clothing is a heresy both in Rome and Athens. Travellers have told us that the difference Between Protestant arid Romish communities is startling and apparent on the sur face—is discernable in the very houses and streets, and the dress and mien of the inhabi tants— as witnessed in the Siviss cantons and Irish villages ; but now we need not go so far afield to learn this, for, on the authority of no less an authority than the extremely "moderate" TamworthNeivs, we learn the lieinousness of Protestant transgression seeking to. gratify its lust with a clean shirt or clean chemise. Philo sophy. made the discovery that cleanliness is next to godliness, and it may be, therefore, worth drawing the attention of very tolerant pressure, ; to this simple fact,, that Protestantism is favourable to the development of this philo sophical virtue, witness their own admission, and even in this small matter we see how; inrich nearer we approach to . Divine truth thanionr opponents, and quasi friends.) But now to ask, what does all this -mean ? or what does it show ? The TamiuorthNewsis one of the leading provincial journals of the.colonyV Its metropolitan' special correspondent - is supposed to be a distinguished litterateur of the capital ; aud the, tone, of the whole paragraph is characterized by. the' qualities which are to be found in all the utterances; vocal or written, of the so-called '( moderate" party. If they were confined : to the columns of the pi ess, it would not signify so much, bub the pulpit is impreg nated with the same disposition. There is a supercilious spirit of superiority exhibited by the preacher, and an ostentatious display of charitableness which, whilst in the minds of earnest men it provokes greater warmth of opposition even overpassing judicious limits, among the unthinking multitude, who are attracted by tinsel gew-gaws, has a powerfnl in fluence. Is this right 1 Is this as it should be ? Does Shanily preach peace, peace, when there is no peace ? Has it for its object the overthrow of vice, sin, error, or the perpetuation of these, side by side with truth ? Are men co-operators with Ged the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost, or are they not ? Is the work of reformation to be carried out now or at the day of judgment, by a series of long-sustained efforts by different relays of human workmen, or only by one surprising effort of Omnipotence ? Is the charter of man's supremacy granted by the Creator to Adam to replenish the eartn aud subdue it restricted to physical matter, or does it include the mental and moral phenomena of our globe ? To put these questions to any intelligent Christian is to answer them ; then let it be asked, can this great work be done without zeal, earnestness, and even noisy demonstrations of earnestness and zeal? A sufficient answer to this question might be given by asking the observer to look at the relative degree of labour given to the cause of Christ and humanity by the moderate and immoderate disciple. But something more is needed. "Moderatism" like "Ritualism,!' needs ex posing, and there is no task more difficult hut which would yield more fruit to him who will energetically engage in it, than this of exposing "Moderatism," which is, by its spurious liberality undeserving effort in the cause of Christ, and hindering the prevalence of those doctrines which shall mark the rule of' Him whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom of love and justness. I am. Sirs. ' SUO MARTE, . 