THE MYSTERIES OP ; ■ CRIME; \ OB} The . Expebiehoe3 oj? an Edinbubgh . " JDETECxrYE.'—No. LXXXII. [Published by special arrangement vfitii the AN honest THIEF The gift af a keen observation is useful to any one, but particularly to the detec tive. The following case is an instance, and I may give others by-and- bye. When I was a mere lad I used to allow my friends, for amusement, to place me in a strange room, allow me one glance around, and then put out the light aud make me enumerate the various articles it contained, with their color, nature, aud position. The result generally surprised them. »I little dreamt of the strange use to which I was destined to put the' faculty. The tracing out of the following affair all hinged on if. But I may as well begin at the beginning. " You're wanted up at the office." A policeman tapped me on the shoulder, with these words, as I was going down the High-street at a smart walk. " No ?" I said, incredulously; for I had just left it, and on business, too. " It's true ; I was sent to call you back. I rather think there's a man there who will speak to nobody but you." I got back at once, and saw the " man" —a gentleman of between forty and fifty— seated in a chair, and looked very excited and exhausted. He had a peculiar appear ance. He was prematurely old. His hair had been jet black, but was now thickly' interspersed with grey and silvery white. His face had evidently been handsome, but it was now sunken and bloated, and his eye, now dull and leaden, only at intervals showed gleams of brilliance and power. A glance told me that he was a drunkard, but I was scarcely prepared for the discovery which followed. " You, I presume, are Mr. McGovan ?" he said, speaking with quiet dignity and politeness. " I am, sir." " I must speak with you alone, if it is not putting you to too much trouble." The room was cleared at once, and I waited in quiet curiosity for him to speak. "My name is Ilamsay. I have called about a strange thing that has been done to me, which I don't think it is right for a quiet inoffensive person like myself to sub mit to," he began, with growing excite I ment. " I don't know who is the author I of the outrage—that you must discover. ! X spoke of it to my landlady, but she pro 1 fesses to know nothing about it. Perhaps she, too, is in the plot ?" I He appeared to expect an answer, so I 1 said— ! " Perhaps. Would you be good enough 1 to state what the outrage was?" " Briefly this. I rent a room in Buc cleuch-street. I have always paid the rent regularly—eight shillings a-week—and X am bound to confess the landlady has hitherto been kind and, attentive. Last night, however, X suddenly discovered that she had knocked a hole right through the wall, at a corner of the room next to, the back green. I felt a little cold, of course, but made no complaint, till three or four ferocious-looping wolves came in by the aperture and seized me by the small of the back. I cried out, for they were sucking the very heart out of me, and the moment the landlady appeared they retreated by the iiole and disappeared. Well, what do you think ? When I complained of them, and the hole in the wall by which they had entered, she had the audacity to say tha+ there was 110 such hole there! Naturally I felt aggrieved, for I had never given her cause to think me anything' but a gentle man in word and honor; but I said nothing, and she retired. The morpent she was. gone, one of their ugly hegds peeped in at the hole, and, hjndirig the coast clear, they came swarming in again, and again fas tened. on my back. They have left me so weak that X could hardly walk here. Of course, I will change my lodging, but X wish you to ferret out the author of this cruelty, and hav'e him. punished." Before he had got half of th\s spoken, I saw what was wrong. The ma,n was suffering from chliriupi. tremens, and the only marvel "to ine vvas ho,\y he had managed' to walk all the way to the Cen tral Office.. a I will bring a gentleman to you who will be able to advise you much better than I can," I said; and I shortly returned with the doctor. My opinion was at once confirmed, and the doctor took me aside and whispered— " Take him home in a cab, and then send Dr. - in George-square, to him. He is evidently a gentleman, and would not like the idea of being attended as a pauper by a public medical manand then turning to our visitor he talked to him soothingly and good-humoredly till the cab had arrived, and he was quite ready to depart in it. 1 accompanied him, and had to listen to some strange talk on the way, " I know I can trust you," he said, confi- I dentially, " but there is one point which I may tell you I have not yet tauohed upon. I am afraid I will not ho allowed to enter my room, even, when we, get there." Not epter yo.ur room-^-aud why ?" " Because vvhen 1 was leaving I heard some officers from Ireland enter and take possession of it, saying they were in search of me as a Fenian." Having had some experience in similar cases, to soothe him I assured him that I would soon send the " officers " to the right about. He appeared pleased, hut soon began pn another tack, from which he was not so easily diverted. " Would you belieye it f—they are also plotting against m,e to,steal my watch." I glanced at his. waistcoat. No, traces of'a watch were visible. Ah,, vou need not look there for it," he put in, quickly. /" It is too valuable to he carried, I will show it you when we get to the lodging. It was my mother's. It is nearly a hundred years old, and was once in the possession of George II; They say that the carving on it is never equalled now-a-days." I thought that the watch and its belong ings was the offspring of bis own disordered brain,_ but I was wrong. I said I would be glad to look at it. <■' I know you will," be enthusiastically returned. " It is a rare work of art—valu able as a curiosity, but more valuable from historical associations." i " And who are they that ydsh to. steal; it ?" I asked, fancying the. moment that he looked tolerably sane. The unsettled loojr returned to his, pypa, i don't know," he said, fi^getting un easily. " Perhaps you cap find that out for me. Of this, however, I am almost certain —she is one of them." "Who?" " My. landlady," The words were given in an excited wffisper, aud with an impressive laying of | the finger on the lip: The cab stopped at | the same moment, and we descended and ! entered the house together, j The landlady, a decent-looking, hard I working widow, appeared greatly refioyed. | at the sight of her lodger. One Ip'ok passed' I between us, and we understood each'other ' perfectly. As for the lodger, he walked into the kitchen and quietly sat down on one of the well-scrubbed wooden chairs. " Oh, I'm sae gled ve've brocht him back again !" whispered the landlady, with tears in her eyes. " He wad hae oot, an' I was frichtit oot o' my judgment wi' his ongauns, so I jist let 'um gang." "Run up to No. , George-square, and tell the doctor to come immediately," I said quietly. " I will stay till you come back, and try and get him to bed. Your house will be quite safe with me," and I mentioned my name and employment, and she tugged on a bonnet and hurried off. • "Hadn't you better go into your room now ?" I suggested to Mr. Ramsay. " I would prefer it much to sitting here, it is so cold," he shiveringly replied; " but .the officers—they are waiting there for me ?" " Oh, I will soon get rid of them," I said, moving towards the door. He jumped up and caught me by the " No, no! you would only irritate them," he fearfully whispered. " Still, if you were to go in and say that the gentleman is cold, and would be obliged if they would let him come in, perhaps they might stretch a point, and allow it." " I nodded, got into the room, and re turned with word that it was " all right." Then he followed me like a child. When we got into the room he began fumbling away under the bed tick as if in search of something, and I had a moment to look round. All his things were arranged with the greatest neatness and care. Among other articles which caught my eye was a shining little japanned tin box standing on the top of a neat letter-rack, and legibly lettered— Cash. My reason for mentioning' it in particular will appear before I am done. Another fact may as well he horne in mind —the house being on the first floor, to raise the window and step out into the back green would not only have been practicable but easy. I turned to my companion. His arm waa now buried to the shoulder between the bed tick and mattress, and to my surprise he pulled it forth, and with it a magnificent gold watch. He placed it in my hands for inspection, and I must say that his encomiums had not been in the least extravagant. It waa a splendid piece of workmanship. The figures carved on the back stood out fully an eighth of an inch in relief. I praised and admired it warmly, saw him stow it away again in its hiding- place, and then induced him to strip and get into bed. Soon after the doctor arrived, and I turned to leave. '• Watch her—keep your eye on her!" he eagerly whispered to me, with his eye fixed fearfully on the landlady; " I'm sure she wishes'to steal it. I would rather lose my life than that watch. Will you promise, Mr.—Mr.—I've forgotten your name ?" '' I .promise—she shall not touch it if I know of it," I assured him. He appeared relieved—smiled out faintly, and bade me good day. Then I left, and saw him no more. But I heard about him. One day, about a week after, the land-* lady appeared at the. office, wringing her hands and crying most bitterly. She asked to see me,'bu.t it was some time before she was calm°enough|to give me the following particulars. Mr. Ramsay, her lodgei*, was dead. After I had left him, and he had taken a composing draught, he had appeared to be a good deal better—so much so that at night his own request that he-should he left alone was complied with. In the middle of the night, however, the landlady was. awakened by hearing him rummaging about his room, and shutting and opening windows, doors, and boxes. The sounds, did not cease or-abate in any degree; on the contrary, they went on increasing, till she imagined he was performing a rapid race round the room, overturning every thing as he ran, A sudden booming crash made her leap out of bed and rush to the room. A woeful scene of wreck met her eyes. A splendid mirror was smashed to atoms, and the floor and fireplace were one litter of broken china ornaments, books, papers, chairs, bottles, and other odds and ends. Mr. Ramsay was sitting on a chair in his drawers and night shirt, qujte. unbuilt, chuckling quietly to himself, and remarking that " he had had a grand race after them, and had chased them round "the corners like' a steam engine." Of course he was put to bed and watched unremittingly by tbe landlady from that time; but this appeared to be the last effort of the dreadful* malady, for he gradually sank, and in two days was no more. Now comes the cause of the landlady's distress. His, friends had been telegraphed for, and arrived that morning.. The first thing they looked for was the gold watch he had shown me. It was gone. The room was searched, and every Drix ransacked in vain. Then some strange looks arid some : words—perhaps heedlesslydropped—caused the honest widow to start round, and hotly demand whether they thought she had' stolen it ? Some awkward words followed, and then bursting into' tears, the widow came running all the way to the office to seek my assistance and advice. " Did you look between the bed-tick and tbe matress," I asked. "No." "• I will go with 3'ou ; I think you will find it there." I went, hut we did not find it there. I looked foolish and felt angry. I had made sure of finding it where I had seen him hide it. Mr- Ramsay's brother, who had superintended- the process, appeared equally puzzled arid concerned, ' I turned to the landlady. " Ha?.no one else been in the room ?" " No, a body, sir, as I'm a leevin wuman. H® had sae mony valuable things that I was feared, an' keepit the door aye locked, an'the key in my pocket." " Who dressed the body P I suppose it was dressed before he was taken into the other room," " I dressed him mysel'. Oh, sir, I hae been as carefu' o' his things as if they were my ain, and I wadna wrang a flee," tear fully returned the landlady. " I canna for the life o' me think hoo. the watch has gaen amissin'," I ran my round the room in as com plete amaze as herself. Everything had beep tidied up, hut I missed something.' "Who cleaned up the room ?" I asked, a little sharply. " I cleaned it up mysel'." "Then where did you put the little japanned box that stood on the letter-rack -there?" . "I never saw it. I haena seen it for aboot a week. I think, no since that day you brocht him hame." "That's strange." " Yes, I thocht sae, though he never kept onything in it, an' I.spoke tae him aboot it next day." " You did. Well, what did he say ?' " He said something, but he didna speak it tae me. He whispered it tae the doctor." "And have you never seen the box since?" ' ' ."•No. I dinna believe it's in the hoose. Very good. Perhaps the watch and it . have gone together. Don't worry yourself about them, Mrs. Reid; perhaps they are safe enough," and I-'at once took leave, and made my way to George-square. I found the doctor at home, and with some difficulty obtained an interview. " Did Mr. Ramsay entrust you with any article of value—a watch, for instance ?" I asked, when I had introduced myself. He stared. .' " Never," he said at last. " Never hinted at such a thing." Whew ! Here was a blow to my hopes. " Nor a little cash-box, made of japanned tin ?" I added, still faintly clinging to the idea. ' . "Nothing—nothing." " Do you not remember seeing such an , article on the table in his room ?" " I cannot say that. I do." "Try to think. When you were in the room the day after you were called in, did the landlady, in your hearing, not ask Mr. Ramsay about such a box ?" , f Yes; I believe she did." " Can you recollect his answer " Yes; it was an odd one. He whispered .to me; that she wished to rob him of his :: \vatch." " Did he say anything more on the sub ject ?" ' " Not a word. He was only raving; but I am certain he spoke no more about the watch while I remained." This waa all I could get out of him. As I came away, my reflections were of rather . a rueful character. Here was a pretty mess to unravel. A watch was gone, and with it an empty tin box; and," so far as I "could judge, no ordinary thief had. taken it. ironi the first, I may say, I laid it down that the widow was perfectly guiltless. To some this may seem a strange conclusion, in the face of the fact that none but her had been in the room till the arrival of his own friends, and also remembering that Mr. Ramsay to, two different persons—the doctor and myself—had expressed his con viction that she wished to steal the watch. But then, the man was mad; and I had ; seen stranger things than the vanishing of a watch from a locked room. Well, she being innocent, who was the . thief ? Ay, there. was. the rub—that was where the puzzler came in. Had we only known how the watch had gone—had a burglary been committed, a pocket picked, or" a dishonest person admitted to the room —the tracking of the criminal would have • been-plain sailing. Indeed,-Had things turned out differently in the end, there is no saying what proceed ings might not have been taken against the. ?oor widow—innocent though she appeared. t seems inevitable in the law of fate that .occasionally a train of circumstances should spring up by which the innocent are in " volved, and the guilty shrouded in night. However, we had work before us; and though the case ^vas. uncommon, we could do nothing but try the old plan of endeavor ing to trace the property, and so get at the thief. A minute description of the missing articles was distributed among the whole force, and the whole city—slums, brokers, known receivers, pawnshops, and jewellers v overhauled, and ransacked. . ^•But we didn't get them. Worse, we ' didn't so much as hear of them. '* ' I was neither surprised nor disappointed. It was exactly what I had expected. But I was surprised when I received the follow ing scrap of writing one afternoon a few days later. ' It was brought to the Head , Office in breathless haste by a ragamuffin, arid written in pencil:— " Come with the bearer. I've found the lid of the cashbox.' A little boy had a string tied to it, and-was using it as a go cart at the head of the West Port. I'm waiting here for his father coming in from bis work. " Mc Sweeny. "West Port, 4.30." I at once got to the house—the squalid garret of an Irish laborer—and found JVIcS weeny making himself useful by . dandling a refractory child on his knee, and sympathisingly condoling, with the mother. He showed me the japanned lid, and, though it was a good deal scratched, I knew it at once. He had noticed it in the child's possession on the street, had .got out of him that " his father gave it him," had taken him home, and was now patiently waiting' for the father to make his appearance. We had not long to wait. He came iu hot, tired, and dusty, and naturally looked surprised at finding strangers awaiting him. I showed him the lid. " Where did you get that ?" • , "Sure I found it—there's no harm in that, is there ?" " Not the least. Can you remember ■where you found it ?" " Faith I can. 'Twas in front of a watch maker's shop in the Lothian-road." " Which ?—the one near the top ?" " Yes. It was lying among the sweep • ings. The box was there too, but it was all crushed and broken, so I didn't lift it." We gave the man a trifle and left the house, taking the lid with us. Two minutes' walk brought us to the watch maker's shop in the Lothian-road. Before entering we took a look at the window. All at once we both whistled light out, and incredulously faced each ' other. \- There,-staring us in the face,'with its beautifully-carved back turned outwards, was the missing watch! ' Unlike every other watch in the window, it had no ticket or price attached. We entered the shop, and were at once ' attended to by a young lad, who, I was glad to seei did not know either of us., "Would you let us see that gold watch with the carved back now in the window?" It was placed in my hand, and if I had had any doubt as to its identity, it must have vanished at once. "What is the price?" I carelessly en quired. " I . rather think there is no price put upon it yet," was the answer. ''It has only been in the window a few hours. We only got it last night." " Ah, I see. We belong to the detective staff; will you let me look at your book containing the entries for yesterday ?" " I can let you see the book, but I don't think you will find that entered in it." "And why?" " Because we didn't buy it." " Didn't buy it ? then who left it ?" " An intimate friend of my father's. He left it on condition that if we sold it he would give us whatever commission we chose to ask on the transaction." " His name and address ?" He opened the back of the watch, took out a thin slip, and read— " James Nelson, No. •, Fountain Bridge." " Very good; I must see Mr. James Nelson. This watch has been stolen, and it is almost certain we shall be forced to take possession of it; but in the meantime I will leave it here with my companion. While I am gone you had better send for your-father." " I will. But if it has been stolen I'm sure Mr. -Nelson cannot be the thief, for he is a sterling, upright, religious man'." " Then he will be able to account for having it in his possession. Till he does so he is presumably the thief." I said no more, but left the shop, crossed over to Fountain Bridge, and with some hunting found the house, a half-flat on the third storey. I heard thenTsinging a hvmn inside, so I waited till they had finished, and then gently rang the right-hand bell, that being the. side which contained the brass plate bearing his name. An elderly woman—his wife, I found— I admitted me and showed me into the kitchen, where was seated the man I sought. He was a fine-looking old man—a trifle1 stern; perhaps, in his bearing, but" in appearau'ce the very antipodes of a thief. An open Bible lay on the table before, him. He looked up in surprise, but laid aside his spectacles at once, and at my request dis j missed his wife and daughter. '" You left a gold watch with the watch maker over there to sell ?" "I did." . ' " Where did you get it ?" His eye fell, and he appeared confused. Still, it was not the confusion of guilt; I could make that much out, and wondered accordingly. "What right have you to ask?"»he said, at last, having taken time to think-. "The best of rights. I am a detective. The watch has been stolen, and I have traced it to you. Where did you get it ?" "Well, then, if you must know—I found it." " A likely story." He rose from his seat and looked me full in the face, with his own flushed to the eyebrows. " Sir, I am not a liar!" I felt rebuked, and said so. " Well, then," I said, frankly taking his hand, " if you are not the thief, tell me all you know about it." "Well, sir, you must know that last week a favorite cat of ours died, and, it being about flitting time, my wife did not like the idea. of throwing it out into the street to be kicked about like a tin pan by the street boys, and she asked me to bury it in the green at the back of the house." I looked out at the -window. " There is no green at the hack of the house." ' . "Not here: but we were in No. —, Buc cleuch-street, then." " Buccleuch-street!—oh, oh! Well, pro ceed." " Well, I didn't want to be seen doing it: for some people, not knowing our affection for the beastie, might laugh at the idea of burying a cat: and I got up half-an-hour earlier—I am a mason, and always go out before six—to do it. Well, I took the cat down, but while I was digging the hole my trowel came on something hard. I thought it was a stone, and put in my hand to pick it out; but it wasn't—it was a small japanned tin box. I shook it. It gave a soft sort of a rattle. I slipped it into my pocket, hastily finished burying the cat, and hurried off to my work. The first quiet corner I came to I opened the box, and found a round bundle of flannel, and inside of it the gold watch you speak of." " Well, "why didn't you at once give it up to the police ?" " Because I've heard that they just keep the things that are found, when they are, not claimed, and the finder gets nothing. I believe I did wrong in that." "You most certainly did, as you may find presently to your cost." " But I advertised it." " Where P—when ?" " Whenever I found it—in the Scots man." " Have you the paper handy ?" He produced it, and I read the following scrap, in an obscure corner:— " Watch found. Owner may have it on describing it, and where lost, and paying this. No. 1,358." " I'm afraid this won't save you much. Why did you not give a more lucid descrip- ; tion. | " Because I was afraid some one might apply for it who had no right to it." | " But why did you conclude that it was yours, and you had a right to sell it, because no one applied for it in the short space of a week P" ■ " I'll tell you the truth, sir. I really did not think the watch had been lost." " What then ?" t "The watch was so old-fashioned that I thought p'raps it had been buried there hundreds of years ago, and that the owners were long since dead." " Well, even in that case, don't you know that all treasure trove belongs to the Crown ? * You would have lost nothing by giving it up, either, for it is customary to present the finder with full value in the coin of the realm." " I certainly have heard something about such a law, but where was I to find the Crown ?" " Through any of its appointed agents— the police, the revenue, the Magistrates, and so forth. But surely you are not so ignorant or silly as to think that they used Japanned tin cash-boxes hundreds of years ago to bide away their treasure in ?" " I .don't know. I did not think of that." "I am sorry for you, but I may tell you plainly I think you'll suffer for it. It will be a matter of imprisonment at least." He was ashy white in a moment with alarm, and the tears crept into his eyes as he incredulously gasped out— "You—you cannot mean that—you're jolting ?" • "I am not. I never was more serious in my life. You'll have to come with me. You've got yourself into an ugly mess, and I can only hope that you will get ont of it safe." He was shaking like a leaf now; indeed his agitation became so great that I had to help him to put on his things. "Whata pity I did not tell my wife about it," he groaned at last, when he was ready to go. " She would have advised me rightly." " Did you not tell her, even ?" "I said nothing about it to anybody." That only made it look worse. I thought so; but his pallor and pitiable look put a seal on my lips. There was a nice crying match when his wife and daughter were summoned and informed of the state of affairs; but there was nothing else for it; he must go and be locked up in gaol like any ordinary, felon. His wife went off in great distress to tell her minister, while he followed me to the watchmaker's. The master himself had arrived, and from him I learned how it happened that the japanned box had been destroyed and thrown out. While he had been examining the curious carving on the back of the watch the night before. Nelson had been fumbling with the box, when the hinge suddenly gave way, letting the box fall to the floor and le&ving; the lid in his hand. A luckless step with his heavy boots crushed it useless, and next morning both lid and box were thrown out with the sweepings. Great efforts were made to save Nelson from the ignominy of a public conviction— for he was really respected by a very wide circle of acquaintances, and, I believe, at the bottom a good man—but the offence was of too grave a nature to be passed over. Owing to the influence brought to bear on his case, and some evidence which cropped up to confirm his story, he was not con victed of theft, but 'wilful detention of pro perty. He got thirty days, and I have no doubt came out of prison a wiser and more honest man, in the deepest senBe of the word. The same evidence which saved him ex plained how the watch and box came to be buried in the green. Very.late on the night" before the watch was found, an ailing resi dent in an opposite land saw—or fancied that she saw—the ghost of a man, clad in white, get out of a low window and fur tively dig a hole and bury something under it, after which he leaped in again, cldsed the window, and was seen no more. The window was proved to be that of the room occupied by Mr. Bamsay, and the night on which the ghost emerged from it was the identical one on which he "chased them round the corners like a steam-engine." With the cunning of a maniac, and under the impression that he was about" to be robbed of his darling watch, he had buried it outside his window. And had he re covered—and no cat died in the flat over head—it is probable that to this, day he would never have known or remembered what became of his watch and japanned tin cash-box. (To be continued ) The San Francisco Chronicle gives the following sketch of M. Mamea, Seoretary of the State of Samoa, who had reached that city in company with J. G. Colmesnil, Vice-Consul of Apia, en route to Washington as Ambassador from the Samoan Islands to the 'United States: " Mr. Mamea is a fine specimen of physical manhood, straight as an arrow, and about 6 ft. 6 in. in height. A massive head, surrounded by a shook of woolly hair, sits gracefully upon a pair of broad shoulders. He has a pleasant and smiling face, beaming with intelligence, and' adorned with Na small coarse moustache of the darkest hue. He converses .fluently in English, and has a thorough knowledge of'the events,of the day. On the Isabel, up to the time of his landing on our shores, he clung to the native ahd primitive garb of his island home. A colorless shirt descending to the waist, with a primitive cloth attachment, were the only articles of dreSs; save an extra breastpin or two, with which he clothed his colossal form while journeying across the ocean. This garb, however, has been discarded for a black broadcloth suit that sets off his stalwart frame, and . is in fine contrast with his bronzed countenance. His body, from the waist to the knees, is a gem of the tattooing art, It is completely covered with the dis tinctive'signs ana figures common to the chiefs and members of the royal family in the . Navi gator Islands. He is a devout Christian, being a convert, and a Bible is his constant companion. He will in a few days leave for Washington, where he hopes to effect some good, and bring the islands under the protection of the United States. It is, he says,: the-unanimous wish of the natives that this country:shall guarantee some protection to them, so that the increasing and profitable trade between Samoa and Europe may be turned this way." Our telegrams liave already announced the death, under extraordinary circumstances, of the Rev. Barnabas Shaw Walker, of St. Matthew's Church, in Prahran, Melbourne. The Argus of April 18, says:—"The sad event took place , very suddenly. On Sun day forenoon the rev. gentlemen was con ducting divine service as usual at his1 church in High-street, and when giving out a hymn he was seized with a fit of apoplexy. He beckoned jto Mr. Harrison, a gentleman sitting in one of the front pews, who at once went forward to his assistance. Before that gentleman reached the reading-desk, however, Mr. Walker, tottered and fell into the enclosure within the com munion-rail. There was a large congre gation, amongst whom ■ the' incident caused much excitement and alarm, and the service was brought to an abrupt termination. The deceased gentleman was conveyed to his residence in a cab, and medical aid was sent for. Messrs. Cooke and Lewellin were soon pre sent, and found that the patient was in a very grave ahd critical state. During the day he rallied a little, but later on he again relapsed, and .Mr. Fitzgerald was called in fori consul tation. The case, however, proved' to be beyond medical control, and at 2 o'clock yester day morning the patient breathed his last. The cause of his death was sanguineous apoplexy. Mr. Walker was 45 years of age, a native of New South Wales, and he has left a widow and. eight young children. He was originally con ! nected with the Wesleyan denomination, hut he left that body many years ago, and has since been an ardent and mast valuable minister of the Church of England. For several years he was the incumbent of the East Collingwood Church, where he earned the high esteem and warm affection of both his own congregation, and of the outside community. He was subse quently transferred to an up-country district, and in January, 1875. he was appointed to the incumbency of- Prahran. He found St. .Matthew's congregation in a very languishing state, but he soon infused new life into the members, and with his advent came a season of prosperity to the Church such as it never before enjoyed. It may be specially mentioned that it was through his indefatigable exertions that the new church in High-street was erected. In' his death St. Matthew's Church and Prahran as a community sustain a great loss, for he was not only a worthy minister, but he had superior business talents, which/made him a'valuable oitizen." 