[?] The English mnil via Torroa Strata r^vrivocl nfc Cobkfcowu oa Tuesday and ike IDnglink ranil vie, . Suez arrived vA King Georgo'c Hound on ilia same day. The . principal itoras o'.aov7c i7erc anticipated by cable. A farmo't' named Putrid: Kennedy wnc ioimd fl . 1 ' i 1 t 7 ? Twy r ?» l ? ? . T\ fl _ . _ J! ? aeaa in cno ovx,n p,u vvomnpton on nouuiiji. . He had beon thrown fi-ora hie horde. , Townsond, tho .'ornk cleric, pleaded gnilty to the obargo of cfcorlm« £1306 irora tho Bank of New South Wr-,!eci, and wan cicntonco&.fco sovoa years' ponal servitude. Mr. J, W. Smarfc, J.T., wa.o acsaulted on Saturday night lost in a lane' in Surry Hills, by a man who struck him . in passing v,Tith a piece of -blue metal, knocking1 him down. Mr. Stephen Seholey, tho 1'opreGontative oi East Maitland in the Legislative Assembly for several yeara past, died on Sunday xaorning. For several months past Mr. .Scholey has been suffering from a painful , cancer in tho mouth and throat, and has beon for weeks in a state' that forbade any hope oi his recovery. He was about 66 years of age. A cnttor belonging to the chip Morthnra went towards tho Heads on Monday night., on a pleasure trip, Jn tho . charge ot four men— , Hetsall, WiDKrovo. and .Dr.ics, seamen- of the Northata, and M'Kee cf Cedric the Sazon. When of! the So '.7 and Pigs thoy were overtaken by a suddea t quail, and their boat waa coon filled with water and capsized. The lighfcohipi man, seeing their danger, put off in a boat to their resoue, ond suooecded in snviog the torcaei.' three, but M'Kea was unfortunately drowned. It Js reported that no leas than eleven persona have been saved within tho Lioi; three moatha by the men in charge of the lightship. In the case rf Kenny v.-Farraher, ' the jury returned a verdict for the defendant, with ono fa-fch- ng damage?. In the broach of pvocaiae cnae, MauDaol v. Proctor, the plaintiff gained £600 damoges. ; During the week a conference oa tbo dupli cation of the cable has been held in, Melbourne. The sitting hau not vet concluded. Early on Sunday morning; a mnvderonc an Bault was comruifcted on Captain. Lopez, of the schooner Rebecca, at the Caledonian Wharf. A man named Cnssidys well known So the police,, haa been arreotsd on fcha charge. In the cone Esles v Brown, the jury returned a verdict for the defendants. In the Snpreine Courb cr.ae, Collier v Cnswall, fo*.nnjnDtifiQblo aiTesl's &o;'., the. jury awarded £200 damages. ' Afc the CTatsr Police Court on Wednesday, Henry Campbell, a ehosmakov, wan fined, in all, £7 10s '8d for fcrespcQcing'.oa Mr. Bradley 'o Innd at Randwickj with a fcrap to oaonare hia itn'o ported birdo, Parh of (iha-fina was Infiicbed xov giving a falcs nemo. ? ? ' ' ?, Thomas Senior, an old man, was cast for death on Wednesday at the Criminal Court, ; having committed a rape on a little girl. Senior- Serge ant Bonoghoe, of Newcastle, haa been appointed to take 'charge oi the 'Water Police,in the room of -Sub- inspector Feme decoa; sed Senior-Constable Dick haa been transferred to fill Sergeant Donogkoe'o place0 A man named Henry Morgan, living1 at Camperdowu, died on Wednesday from the effects of a kick from a horsa ho received a few days previously. A billiard ?? as n'.ch wan played oa Thnrcday between Mr J Robci'ia, jua, ubo'chaEopioH, cod Mr Shorter, an expert player, fcho latter getting 250 points ia tho game of 1000 up, ; Mr Shorfco? won the g^me, Roberta scoring 900. Amusements. — &Lv.; Thompcon'o Diorama, afc the School ox Arts, is sfcill doing good bu.iineoa. Lieutenant Hermann takes o benefit on Tried doy. evening. Ac the Guild H&li;', D'Arcy 'Boad'a Ghost io ofcill.drawitif; 'good IiouaQs;--' ??' ' : ?We havo on c, previous .oeccdioa called special attention fco the rare collection oi wariN-Qor/ora prepared by Mro. Grnvo. ? Wo ore glofi aov? to annonnce that our opinion waa eorreou, so the lady hno secured the first priza at the Ifehibitfba, Miso Idn Grave being cnocaaof ul na tho no:c'o best competitor. Tho production of Mm. Grnvo will bo disposed of by crfc union, the holders of tickets baing eufcitled to cdniiGsioa to the grand concert to bo held at the Exhibition Building on the Queen's Birthday. Wo 'understand that early application will have to be made to aeccra admission on tha occaoion. Further pnrtioularcj are given in onr advertiaing cinJumae, The Legal Profession — Wo hcye raoeived from Mr. 'W. Sargent, r.rtiei), 19, Kunteivotoeefc, a photographic group of the legal profonoion. la the centre, aro tha judgen auS barristers, r-ad nroiwl 'hese again ?. aro |]fcho Golicitoro. The ph-jM ; - vphf, with ono or two e^coptioas, aro vory {..???'', and vzill bo found vevy iatereofcing. At the recent Exhibition, in the dentistry class, Mr. John Spenoer obtained first prize for excellence of .workmanship. A cpecial award 'was given to Mr, Keyzor, of George-street, for cpectacles and eyeglasses, and a special award for scientific and useful instruments. A special medal was awarded to Mr. S. Turner, of Eiiza» beth-- street, for very superior quality of oolf.. raising flour ; he having exhibited the machine for mixing it, and for which he obtained a patent. Mater and Company, for pianos, received a special prize, and two specials commended. fAnnAJMATTA,— On Queea'a Birthday io-iuinu fended to hoid.r- good day'n epoi-u in ilio 'Pmv. Eaatta Park. The rai'w^y -jorkmca will cole brati; their annual picnic tha re, aarl two hznda trill be in attsndiinoo. 'Rv.cea for valuable prise?, Id which both o.sefj v/iil ooinpotD, v/ill cho take pl.ice. A merry- go-round, the.jjroaay polo, nnd other nrunarmenba will bo iudnl;«ed ? in, -nud amongst the pi'issau to be oompp^eil for in c ailvcr enp, presented by Mr. Taylor^ M.P., nnd a oilvor ten and coffee oorvico by Mr. Milla. Sxciu-oion .teino will ran to P^rntn-iEvttn ontiiafedr.y, and K/e have uo doubfc but tfint a vow plof.y.int; OHd .-?? . ??.' ? :; ? ?' ? ? '?; '' i 