: MA.UNDAY; THTJitSDAY. ('''5ft- .ctf.vil -fijl — i- — >.<.» .vV>Uik,.A ;. nil -Byh the- occurrence ! this ; week, of ' iffiGoodj Friday," we ,-issue 1. this' mumbeiv o£"Our spaper on; Thursday,'" welbkno wn t in .-Papal' ecclesiastical circles as '.' Maunday Thurs-i day." '"fit i is'aday lwhichfallt Protestants; snouiai i well - remember, pbecauseonv ithat, .dayijHistfHolihess' the /Pope; at'-Bome,! bears "themfin ! special: significance-, before :.God.b«It is-'the>day- of ffHoly We'ek "-'the; most important,' as -informing/Protestants1 what the charity: of; the Romish' Church is towards -them.: 'It-is i the day. -"which;; 'as nearest what is i called- ViGoodii Friday;"; discovers b the badness of- thati > system, "of 'religion'- which falsely- claims ' to -be- the f true religion ; of c Christ, t Why, .because: on iMaunday : Thursday';: the Pope, as the Holy- Fatheriofvi Christendom, and as the ; Vicar off: Christ,'' publishes,1 recites, at-; Rome,' -clauses of -the BulljCcenass -Domini, for the purpose>of'". exercising the spiritual sword of 'ecclesiastioal discipline'and' 'wholesome weapons; of justice by .the ministry . off the supreme >apostolate, to ; the; glory of God and the salvation of souls." ; ; - s> ' To day, ' therefore, -'in' Rome, 'Leo XIII; will declare- to all Protestants throughout the -world how much he loves them, and 'how deep- is the charity which he cherishes towards them, by pronouncing from "the altar the following curses against them; as exercising his spiritual sword for the ' glory of God and the salvation of souls":— " We excommunicate and anathematize, in the' name of God Almighty, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and by the authority of blessed Peter and Paul, and by our own, all Hussites, Wickliffites, Lutherans, Zwinglians, Calvinists, Huguenots, Anabaptists, Trinitarians, and Apostles from the Christian faith, and all other heretics by whatever name they are called, and of whatever sect they be ; as also their adher ents, favourers, receivers, and generally any defenders of them ; together with all who, with out our authority, or that of the Apostolic See, knowingly read, keep, print, or anywise, for any cause whatsoever, publicly or privately, on any pretext or colour, defend their books con taining heresy or threatening of religion ; as also schismatics and those who withdraw them selves or recede obstinately from, the obedience of us, or the Bishop of Rome for the time being." The Pope then goes' on, in about' twenty clauses to curse and denounce to perdition all who 'appeal to ' others' from thie. Bishop' of Rome' and claims the ' rights' of free men, and 'the rights of Britons;- Terribly' all are 'cursed/ who refuse submission to the Pope of Rome Tribly they are cursed' who' act as all Protestants act. Every ' sect, church,and party in this cqlbny,' which 'refuses/fd'hesubj Leo Xin;; falis-undeivthis/fek ld/'.prqnounced;' ' to 'ctay L' ' : All" Protestants/ therefbre, ouglif- 'tb-qayftb/?. be jth'ankfiil tbat.ithe 'curseIj.dqes:;nb 'tbem/'''Tbey''OT jDe 'tbankftii tbat Me iPqp.e'q iyisiiesare' oqraelvase/nj fbrM4his!nurnber ,of our beretical'paper;'we,1feel:arslif'new ,t5j l-IJ V'lCil- 1 -M,7 is t !<;.!> . t.-, were given us because we1 are included -in Me Pbpe/s curse5; /aiid' SvAMk'qur'fbllqw pPrq'tansjail. oyer/Mese' colonies' to .cqm/ . pare tlie ' !cjiarity''r o'L'tiie /Pope with| thai .of Jior' /|whjlA?/tbe' Pope is cursing ' we Are blbssinb, 'and" wish- .viii.rt ,iO''ow aP.;i .iqrt i. tlii -tr ' v- - ing. all o3ur readers and evenpuy / Polish neighboursr who ' 'occasionally-, take' d," !quiet read'' of' ohP, Wife, lif aAd-gredt Vii iSuu-tr.jiS ' — ) .v'fnn tis i -jj age' i 'from1 ' ther> ' pap'ersi that - John ,;FerguApnV. alias ' "'Pompey's Billar;' - with -W dl'teP'Oo'dperj-Bsd! baMister-'atflaWj t;-is Abquf ' to' 'renew 'his 'attempt ''to upjeraecu-te Pastor 5 Allen! - 'We 'ave not/ sorry-, -' only tbat rjwe! feel 'that-' tliose wHo 'refused'- to Jmake'! the'.' Past6r-a:'martyrj are; mo w ;-:;re- sblved'tb.give' liim'7th'at-' hPnouF."'- Whafc is 'iio'w /beingi dbiib/Iesids '-the -public .avyay 'from'-Mequestibn at. 'issue.' /-! -The J Pastor ihav Ka've beAnUi- iivdtted ;;' but- th'ose' whb 'thbugbt' sb; qho-w' become ;his friends And-defenderswhile'-the- JworthlessFergu- 's'dh Kecbnies ! £the/' cats'-paw'to the v monkey 'Gdbper; And 'the ''twb''hara'ss' ahd hpersecute 'their ' enbmy! withtli e qniserable1 . malice; :of : : .hdictive!!'-:rateanism;r?'-'.--e3--'ihojk>'-'.«-:th /magistrates !will :nbt be saken by; surprise 'whdh'tKe/" leanted'";CMoper,;whbse./st : 'bf';'law;-has beeh!!!rathbr'nieagre;:?'comM wth'hikfKmful'and'bagfutbfi'books:!!"! " fwillI/;bq.';ytilI mbfepityaf'tlieysd 'givecbsts Aghinst theinfo: be;- a lesson; to them/ ' As for the law- in the - matter > !we 'neveh had the shadow. of-: a . doubt.' -Mr. Allen 'in his f preaching on ; the : Park ? / has : hot'1 'violated /any .'law - 'in force ! I in i -the -'cblbhy;::"It '-'is'-' bn': :this : ground. '' that ; iwe 'hhve claimed for 'him the- protection -of /tlie authorities, find tho'ground on . which thecalliiig'biit of ; police and : niilitary is 'justified.5 '' Whatever- 'he- has'said-'dn-/ the : w'ay 'bf attacks npon Papists is of no: con- 'sequehce now!' That is'h'oti the- question . ' how! " We maintain, -notwithstanding the /Acts ' - re fer red- to in Hhe 'new ! indictment, ' that' no' offence has been disclosed. -jit'We - maintain also' That any 'Government would b'e' !ve'ry "bbld; sand' ' perhaps too- "bold,«-to propose "any "law; -or tb' pash any wregula- 'tion; or/ insert fany ! clause ' in' any; >deed, ' intending'to make -illegal such: 1 collections 'of 'people as" may f choose- .to; listen to-.>a citizen 'expounding either politics-or reli- 'gion.' Papists and freethinkers and- infidels may' rejoice- at -the' iprospect of putting down' Pastor' Allen ; ' but the sword wliich they wish'to wield is two edged.- ^.Meet ings for religion- can hardly be illegal," and meetings ' - for = politics .and science, and spiritualism and- Tom Paine- ism' b'e decl aired- .to be permissible. «-..Meet-: . in'gs of 'Protestants can hardly be for- bidden,':iind -meetings for freethinking -and infidelity,- 'and working men's associations, and' ' unemployed; - and - -Tyermanism,:. and Cooper's ' polities be allowed. So those who "!are"'very anxious abouc convicting Pastoh Allen ' had'1 better take care utliat they'-doJ not prove7 too much. - Already they have 'revealed ' their - passion - and. impotence. ' We do not fear for the- rest. The sight is edifying of;'Papists and, free thinkers f in league1' with each other- i to prohibit the right of ftee speech in the open air: 'Faith and infidelity labouring hard hand in hand -to make discussions in public places a crime in law ! What would the ; " learned " Cooper and his henchman Ferguson not do if they had the power 1 They can do this however ; multiply costs— go off to Pompey's Pillar for refreshments, and then walk up King- street to get whitewashed from their debts- The new Pope has gone throu'gh the ceremony ot being " crowned.'' " He took care, however, to perform this act of treason against the State in secret. Of course the authorities knew of it ; they knew of all the arrangements ; but they did not choose to know, and they winked hard, for they regarded the ceremony as so much harmless and unmeaning pomp, so long as no effort was made to excite the public mind about it. In this we think they did wrong ; for the act will be held to be valid, if ever strife and violence should come ; and on the act claims will be founded which meantime the Jesuit leaders of the Papacy can afford to leave slumbering. But probably they were right. To have opposed the "crowning" might have given importance to the act which it was wise to despise. To have uttered threats and prohibitions would perhaps have gratified the crafty string, pullers at the Vatican, and given them new ground for appealing to the supersti tion and ignorance of the people. But be this as it may ; Leo did submit to have put upon his head the crown of temporal power ; he did submit to have a reed put into his hand, he did submit to have the knee bended to him as king as well as priest ; and all this in defiance of the law of the land in which he lives, and as an \- act of treason against the ruling powers. It, is useless to ask, would Christ have done this ? It is equally useless to ask, if this is in accordance with the teaching of Paul ; for Popery and Christ — Popery and Paul are as wide asunder as the poles of the earth. But it is worth while remarking that, whatever might be said of Pius, who was displaced from the throne, the new Pope has commenced his reign with an act of treason, in which he teaches the thousands who believe in him to declare and manifest similar disloyalty. But bonds and oaths and professions of loyalty are but withes of straw in the hands of the man who can infallibly release all classes of the people from .the ties of their allegiance. — Side by side with this it is. amusing to read that the new Pope, in his first charge to priests who came to do him court, he urged them to " preach Jesus Christ, his life and doc trine," as a preaching to which they were evidently unaccustomed. The bright speci mens which we have in this colony are the proofs that "Jesus Christ, his life and doctrines," are not the subjects of the preaching of the priests and bishops. We have seen over and over again the sermons of Dr. Vaughan, of his under bishops, of his very reverends, and of his smaller lights, and "Jesus Christ, his life and teachings " were as far from their thoughts and words as if he had never existed, nor left a record of his life and teachings. The Church, the saints, the priest, the confession, the Virgin, the Sacred Heart, and all other trumpery of Papal super stition, have been abundantly conspicuous, and have been insisted on as the means or channels of peace and salvation- but " Jesus Christ, his life and doctrines " have either been totally left out of view or have been used. as foils for the greater glory of the Papacy. No doubt the name of ; Jesus Christ is often mentioned, and the head bobbed at the mention of the name. No doubt the great facts of Gospel history are dramatized in the many ceremonies which make "seasons" fashion able, and " feasts " conspicuous ; but it is utterly untrue that this is a preaching of " Jesus Christ, his life and doctrines ;" for the teachings which are mixed up with those gorgeous ceremonies and sacred dramas are totally, contradictory of the record of the Scriptures, and are just as false and hollow as the actings of the theatre, which sham to be true. When Nomish priests begin to preach "Christ, his life and doctrine," Popery will begin to > lose, hold on the world. When popes and bishops begin to "preach Christ, his \- life and doctrines," their pomp, and pride and grandeur and wealth will come to an end. Anyone who will say that the life of a Pope is any approach to the life of -Christ must.be .resolved to be blind. Any one; /who will say , that the teaching of 'PiusTX.' and his predecessors is the doc- v trineiof Jesus Christ according to the only \- brecordf, which -is true, must be " given up " ito; " believe .a ; lie." / iLet us go to the Scriptures ;to 'find out what were the life :nnd teaching of Jesus Christ,;; let.us.com- spare i whati we. .thus read, in the Douay version of;.the;Scriptures with, what we ; :see 'fin i the; . Vatican : — and y, what ; is , the . ..conclusion,?! ;We ; are. certain that every : honest man, will bet amazed at the audacity \- which! jean coyer. , affirm that the ,, worldly ; -cunning, religious ; superstition, falsehood, j intrigue, -l and'-immorality . which have been \- recently j! seen £1and ; acknowledged ' at r the .i-iV aticuni aret outlines, ofjthe life and, teach ing of Jesus Christ. Yet these purpled impostors,; with the hypocritical » cant of meek and humble " servants of servants " who can scarcely bend with gold lace and splendour, talk about preaching Jesus Christ, his life and doctrine, while their whole spirit and claims and system are a libel upon Christ's holy religion. Our readers will be pleased to know that Gavazzi, the famous Italian Protest ant preacher, has reached his jubilee, and fulfilled his fiftieth year as a minister. At first he was a priest of "Rome ; but, Luther like, he came to discover that Borne was false. Then a struggle begun of which those cool natures which are in earnest about nothing are totally ignorant. Strong in xns reelings, deep m ins convictions, sincere in his belief, and conscientious in his duty, he passed through a time of trouble and suffering which is a mystery to those who are so charitable and shallow that they think all religions alike, and none of them worth a a moment's con sideration. All his interests lay in the way of his remaining in Rome's service. Everything which appeals to natural ambition and reward pleaded with him to smother the light which had dawned upon him. His friends entreated him ; his companions of youth and riper years laid hold upon him ; his fellow priests with whom he had run the race of educa tion and preparation coaxed and remon strated with him, and the high prospects which opened up to him of promotion and reward because of his splendid oratory and power in swaying the hearers, tried to beguile him to " believe the Church," whatever his reason and conscience might say ; but all such hindrances and solicita tions were in vain. He threw every thought of self-interest aside. He braved the reproaches and threatenings of friends. He risked the suspicions and attacks of enemies. And, with nothing but a noble heart, a patriotic desire to lift up his country, and a pious resolve to preach the truth of Christ as it had dawned upon him by the reading of the Scriptures, he " came out of Rome," threw himself upon the candour and intelligence of the reli gious world, and has laboured manfully and consistently from that time until now, without a shadow on his integrity and honour. This is no mean achieve ment. If we will consider the toils and sacrifices and doubts and weariness and risks of such a life as that of Gavazzi, we shall admire the faithfulness and moral heroism which have been illustrated in his history. He has never flinched although temptations and allurements have strewed his path. He has never looked back with regret to the power and temporal advancement which were within his reach. He has never grumbled at the hard fare which has been his only experi ence as a Protestant minister. Whether in politics or religion he has never trembled as if he felt a moment's indeci sion. The brave old man, now in his seventieth year, has been strong as a lion in his purpose to serve his country and his God.' His country he has served in all her labours and struggles for freedom. His God he served with a pure heart, even when he was made a priest ; but the same, sincerity which made him bold and uncompromising as a Papal orator, made him willing when the light dawned upon Papal imposture and fraud, to walk out of the mystical Babylon, and throw all her charms and rewards to the winds. We see him in the midst of the patriots who in 1849 gave glory, to the little Roman Republic, when the Pope was in hiding as a footman at Gaeta. We see him on the same side .with Mazzini and Garibaldi in their desire to liberate Rome and Italy. And, when at length the gates of Rome opened, to admit the army of Victor Em manuel in 1 871, we see him once again, with Bible in hand, entering the city to bid the people be glad in their freedom, and to welcome; them . to the better joy of a pure religion ; and then,, still more recently, we, see him challenging. Pius IX. by himself or chosen priests, to discuss the question which must determine all the claims of the Papacy, viz.,' ;f;; Whether or not- Peter ever, was, Bishop, of Rome, or ever, setdoot,, in Rome.". His success in that discussion is beginning to .be seen in the . increasing, prosperity of the . Free Italian Protestant -Church of which he ;is one..;ofsi its - most; distinguished- ministers! On the occasion of his reaching the fiftieth year of 'his'.'ministry there was no' outward display , like,' the, pomp and. grandeur and .begging, which distinguished the jubilee of the - Pope ;"= but" there was great thaiiks- ;'giving, 'and- gladness among the .'crowdswho Jiaye.left, Popery, and ate nqw.jthe Prptest- < ante cwi;: Rome. As comparedY;with:i.the dense ; crowds - -who still cling -to itheold Pagan ; su perditions of' HheGhurbh the ' Roman 'Protestants are few! 1 ' " But 1 "they are a numerous body as compared'" with what used- to be possible when Pius IX. was king ; and they are a very numerous body when compared with the few whom Paul the Apostle found when he lay in prison, or taught in his own "hired house." They are numerous enough to be a "handful of corn on the top of the mountain, the fruit of which shall yet shake as Lebanon." Glad with this hope Gavazzi preached his jubilee sermons to a great concourse of regenerated Romans. In his opening prayer he gave utterance, with deep emotion, to these beautiful words, which tell at once of his gratitude and courage and willing devotion — "I thank thee, my God, for having brought me back to Rome on this occasion ! Fifty years ago I began here my career, a blind instrument of error, in a Papist Rome. I rejoice that I can close it (my career) a free worker of the Free Italian Church in a free Rome !" We say " Amen ;" and we add, " God speed to Gavazzi ; may his arm be made strong by the mighty arm of the God of Jacob." Our Sydney Freeman gives us the fol lowing account of how England stands in the estimation of Continental Powers, in connexion with the present war. He quotes it with e ident satisfaction, and seems to rejoice in the downfall of old England as a sort of crisis for which he has both laboured and piayed, with all his Fenian brotherhood for many years past. It is to be understood, he tells us, as the confidential statement of a " Conti nental Statesman, who was once Prime Minister in his own country ;" but neither the " Continental Statesman," nor the " country of which he had been the Prime Minister," is mentioned, evidently because Freeman was afraid that the Philistines would laugh if the name trans pired by which either could be identified. Let us see and hear the "distinguished Continental Statesman " who . tells our Sydney Freeman " quite confidentially," what is the standing of old England among Continental Powers, with the very signifi cant caution, " don't let my name trans pire, otherwise my account will be laughed at, and our common game of hatred to England will be up !" Listen to Free man's friend and adviser : " At no former period of her history has England been so isolated as at the present moment, when she is looked upon with a mixture of con tempt and, indifference by every Govern ment in Europe. The great Powers know now that they can do what they like, and as they like so far as England is concerned, and the smaller Powers cry out, ' Save us from our friends.' Twenty years ago an Englishman used to hold up his head whenever he appeared on the Continent, conscious of his being, and being admitted to be a ' civis 22 omanus' Now he must hide his "head with shame, and he owns even the slight courtesy he gets to his well-lined pocket-book. . . Despised as an enemy by the great Powers, and feared as a false friend by the small nations, England stand now, without the loss of a single ship, or the expense of a single shilling in a position much more humiliating than if she had lost half her fleet and doubled her national debt in an unsuccessful war ; crippled as France is, her word weighs more in the scale than powerful rich England." All this tells us, notwithstanding the thin covering of Freemanis distinguished "Continental Statesman," that the " wish is father to the thought." But Freeman may just be easy, and as easy as he can. His dis loyalty is well known. His treason, we know, is ready to raise the shout, if damage to England be at hand. His hat would go high in the air in a moment if the downfall of England could be assured him. But Irish Feuianism is at a dis count, and the " Continental Statesmen " are open for sale at a very small price. England has already falsified all the1 croaking of Popish haters. Her position wis never so proud and defiant as now. She has taught Russia and all her other fervent waiters for her downfall a lesson. She indeed bears long. It is characteristic of England to wait and allow Continental curs to bark and bite at her. She can afford to do so. In the greatness of her strength' she can, despise her mockers. She knows that' " Continehtal Statesmen " would counsel her to go to war on many occasions ; but : she knows' her duty , and interest ' Jar better than, that; ! ! Slie bides her time ; but when the time cbriies she is found to be' ready. She has spoken and the force of her voice ; " has .told , its own taie.;'7T!i'e so-called ' " Greater Po wers " look small .enough before the quie b , naval force which 'floats on th e 'Sea lof Marmor'a. When sh'e puts forth her 8trength 2'Treema?i 'andjhis "Continental Statesmen''!y illcrihge low enough and sneak' behind A fence. '''-1 Poets, publicans, \andxPapalblarneyi8ts have each a license, to de&l; ih their own wares, and in ;their own \yay. , Poets use their license to choose figure, and feet, and syllables very much as they will. Publi cans use their license to sell bad grog and make drunkards by the hundreds. And Papal blarneyists have their license to talk and write of the late Pope as if he had been more than an ordinary man. We have received a sample of this last in some of the Papal papers which have just arrived. For example, one of them tells us that Pius, previous to his death, wishing to leave some " holy counsel and comfort to the faithful," called certain of those who had visited him together, forming an "agreeable circle," when he gave "solemn warning to mankind — to human society about to jwrish." Where upon the blarneyists add, that, if the warnings "of Pius IX. are disregarded, full scope will be given to old Pagan , barbarism ; that his inspired words will remain for ever engraven on the hearts of those who heard them ; and that on the faithful fulfilment of his last words de pends the welfare of the Catholic Church, the regeneration of human society , now in its decadence." What is all this but the purest blarney and ranting hypocrisy ? If the words of Pius are to remain for ever on the hearts of those who heard him, what a pity that he did not speak his words to the thousands of Rome who need inspired words . that will remain? But why should the inspired words of Pius remain for ever on the hearts of the hearers when the inspiring words of Jesus Christ himself and His Apostles did not and do not so remain ? Human society is about to perish, it seems. Human society, it seems, is in its decadence. But it will ! be resurrected bv the words of Pius : and the words of Pius are to remain for ever with those who heard them. Then, it is clear that human society is not going to' perish ; it is not in its decadence ; and the only pity is that Pius, whose words were so inspired and almighty, did not break through his. prison at the Vatican, to speak his inspiring and ever remaining words, by which human society is saved from decadence and even from perishing ! Alas, it is with this swelling-nonsense and absurdity that ignorant people are oper ated upon ; but thoughtful people cannot do anything but scorn the licensed blarney- mongers who talk at random about the words of Pius for ever remaining with those who heard them, and yet that society is going to the dogs, as not hearing the words of the inspired Pius. Like causes produce like results. The reported riots in Glasgow are the countex- parts of' the riots in Sydney. They pro ceed in both cases from the same causeB. The same, parties are concerned in both. And in both cities it will be found that the originators are the same " faithful followers of a system which cannot live without blood and violence." In both eases too we have the same whining lamentations of " Charitable people "—the same truckling of contemptible editors — and the same make-believe indignation of pious souls who want to live at peace with everybody and to make money by all means. But the end is not yet. "While insolent popes, proud bishops, and crafty Jesuits plot against the world, and carry out their nefarious and treasonable designs against society, men of courage and con viction will rise up to oppose them. If violence should follow, strange to say those courageous men, who offer such opposition, are condemned, and insulted as the enemies of peace and liberty. The paltry crowds who think more of their . business than of principles or truth;- and who - would sell every advantage which they enjoy for a few hundreds of money, shout against: them as disturbing society and breaking the peace. Their life is threatened, their bones are broken, their name is scandalized, their property is des troyed, and their families are kept in per petual terror, while their name is held up to public execution; ; But, notwithstand ing, we affirm that those courageous men, who risk'all this in their resolve to protest against the designs and plots of popes and priests, are the benefactors of the country. Such were the meii who won for ' our country all 'its glories of fi'eedom . aud greatness.! who gave . us both the Reformation and the , .Revolu tion!': Such were the men who ' raised Scotland from the lowest . degradation .of Popish bondage to the height : Jyliich she has 3 since ... held as one of the, most intelli gent' and; industrious of the nations; Such were the men who drove out the Pope and priests, with all their lumber of old bones and:rags„ and;chased them , from the land like rooks and ' vultures > which had; been gorging themselves bn the:vitalb:of the jgeopie./ Such were ' the men who passed laws in the Scottish Parliament prohibit ing :for ever the setting up of Popish hier archies, and secured that those laws should be made unrepeatable in the bonds of the Union. When now, therefore, insolent Popes and priests, with or with out the winking of the London authori ties, attempt to override all those laws, and dare to parcel out Scotland for their Popish purposes, as if they had rule and right over the country, are there to be no successors of courageous men in Scot land to offer opposition ? Are the Scotch men of the present day to sit still and see the glories of their land trampled under foot by emissaries from Pome, and say not a word, and resist not a foot ? And if, when thus resisting, and opposing, and protest ing, violence occurs because of the force of the aggressors, are they to be slandered as the authors of the violence? and to be condemned as enemies to the peace of the people? They have burned the Pope's "allocution, which dared to parcel out .Scotland, and to proclaim the several dioceses the spheres in which certain bishops were to exercise authority, as a 'country that had been conquered, and the people enslaved under certain rulers. Once upon a time such an act would have ' been praised as the act of a brave and 'f patriotic people ; but now a-days when . patriotism is dead, and money is wor shipped as the god that is worth fighting !for, such an act is considered very " un- 'charitable and miserable newspaper editors write it down as a "religious riot " and an " insult to a large number of our follow- Christians 1" : . Erratum. — In a note last week we'mentioned Mr. Sedgwick Cowper, who was present at , Lean McCarthy's meeting, as the "police magis trate." This was an error ; Mr. Sedgwick Cowper, is the youngest brother of Dean ".Cowper. He attempted to get a seat in the House, at the last general election, and has, we .. believe, taken to the wine and spirit business. . He has evidently an eye to business in his at- ' tending Dean M'Carthy's meeting— probably he . wants to get the loan of the " Catholic vole." Thermometer in the Post Office.— Wc , observe that the very valuable suggestion made ; by Mr; S. ; E. Lees through the columns of .the Sydney Morning , Herald,. .to the effect that a , thermometer, should be placed in tlie Post Office '.verandah, lias been carried out. There:, is now : an excellent, thermometer placed in .a very handy recess between the pillars on the George- streetiside of the Post Office. The Sunday Motion. — Mr. Dayies, accord - \- ing'to his notice, introduced; his motion for. the 'recissiOn of the resolution of ; Mr. John. Hurley Tor the opening of the Museum and Free Library on Sundays. After diseussion, the question .Was adjourned till next week: Mr. Parkes did Well in the few remarks which he offered, and bore up his reputation for intelligence and statesmanlike capacity. Mr. Leary and Mr. -Fitzpatrick as the two ministers who defended " the resolution were weak and shaky beyond their usual. Mr. John Hurley however went to the House prepared for a great speech, and carried with' him extracts from all quarters to shew that his resolution was a wise , and good one. The man however no sooner got upon his feet than his bitter malignity revealed itself. Incapable of discussing a subject he simply dis- ; tinguished himself by an attack upon Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon, which will harm himself and make the rev. gentleman laugh. His attack,, however, revealed this, that there are Orangemen who ought .to be expelled from their Order, as untrue to every principle which they have pro- ' fessed, and Air. John Hurley is one of them. He thought to make himself grand, and liberal by referring to us as a "sectarian paper." Sic! a sectarian paper. John Hurley reproaching us ' with being a sectarian paper ! John Hurley, the Orangeman, who got his position 1 in the House at ifrst, and now again, by the aid of the Orangemen, and the Standard, calling us a soc'arlan paper! The change is in keeping with his recent Sunday desecration. A Convent Case.— Dr. . Bermingbam has been taken to court by the builder of the Wagga convent. Certain extras had been re quired- in the convent, and the builder per- , . formed them. But the bold priest disputed the : right of the builder to his money. The case eame ;into court at Wagga, before Sir James Martin. Air. Donovan appeared for the . defendant, the said priest Dr. Bermingham. t When the case waB heard, the jury were agreed that the builder had a right to payment for his ; labour, and so they decided against the priest \- to the tune of £245. The case must have been very clear, when the jury gave such a decision. : Two Hemispheres Draped.— Popish papers by the mail tell us that when the news of the death of Pius should go abroad, "it would drape two hemispheres in the garb of mourning, ' and would leave countless millions of noble souls. in the old world and new sitting sadly in the ' shadow of sorrow." Such are the big, senseless, .'/arid swollen words in which Papists love to t, : flatter and uphold the Papacy. The twohemi-. ; ! 'spheres usually mean the whole sphere ; and i; the Whole sphere usually means the old and b 'new Worlds but' to talk in moderate language >"' would' not suit those whose business it is to < '' speak' " great swelling words of vanity." We K Won't ' 1 know whe re " the countless millions of 'noble souls" arc tobe found in the two hemi- -r>v8pheres. The population of the world is pretty Correctly known ; at least the populations of the FCworld': which are likely to be concerned about. Ttlie death of Pius, are counted pretty accurately. ««'But it appears that all the souls i which were to oJbe'd'raped in mourning were "noble souls!— . oirand' these noble souls are countless million ! "f -.Hut behold "what was prophesied to' befal to; ' 'tliose" countless millions of «o&fe;souls . why,-, 'C'they- were; on'receipt of the news of ! the death; of Pius, to sit in the shadow of Borrow." A grand and convenient idea, to be sure ! Souls sitting — and souls sitting not in sorrow, but in the shadow of sorrow 2" At Sydney here, if this place be within the two heroi- spheres, we suppose some of those count less millions of souls are to be found. Well, we tried to see some of them " sitting in the shadow of sorrow." We declare that we did not see one. But as such a thing might have beau seen somewhere between this and Bourke, we will give a reward of a consider able sum to anyone who will testify that he saw "one soul — a noble soul — sitting— sitting in the shadow pf sorrow." We remember seeing Dr. Vaughan, immediately after the news of the death of Pius arrived, sitting in his carriage, luxuriously, with gold cross and chain around his neck, and looking as comfortable and happy as if a cardinal's red hat had been sent him. Perhaps that was one of the noble souls sitting in the "shadow of sorrow." If so, not many people would refuse to sit in the same shadow and to sit there always. We remember also to have seen Father Garavel sitting in his buggy, with his juvenile footman, pushing out to Waverley, looking as rosy and fat as if he fed on good dinners ; perhaps this wasj another "noble soul 'sitting in the shadow of sorrow." If so, may the noble French " Doctor of souls " never be worse off ! We remember too, to have seen Father Tim coming, as large as life, aud as prosperous looking as ever) in a " safety " to St. Mary's, because he is the Dean thereof, when the news arrived ; but if sitting in a safety be the sitting of a "noble soul in the shadow of sorrow," dressed in the garb of mourning, may all noble souls have safeties ; and may the shadow of their sorrow never grow less ! — All this mock and grandiloquent tall talk about Pius and his millions deserves nothing but scorn and ridicule. What is a Billion?— Under this heading,: "the jmpers " have been . indulging, their; in genuity of late. But strangely enough they never touch, on the question they propose, but always go off ,to another, namely, . what a vast number of things a .billion, represents. The Herald inserts the following — "Air. Henry Bessemer, apropos of a discussion with regard to the - word ' billion,' has - given, in a letter which appeared in the Times, various illustra tions of what that number means. Thus,; assuming that a thousand leaves of paper might be pressed into the space of three inches, lie says that a billion of them would make a pile 47,34S miles high." But such a calculation: must depend on a previous postulate as to r " what is a billion ?" which 1ms not , y et .been' agreed to . by. arithmeticians. . .One school divides all figures into threes, and to evory third power of ten gives a new, ascending term —units,; tens, hundreds, thousands, millions, billions,; &c; By this ; method a billion will be a thousand millions— 1,000, 000, 000. . The other school calls this one thousand millions aud makes a billion a . million millions— - 1, 000, 000,000,000. So one school calls a;trillion ; merely, , a thousand thousand thousands— 1,000,000,000, while the other calls a trillion a billion > billion billions — ! 1,000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000., - When the schools agree on the vital question what is a billion ? any of us can easily tell how far it may be applied. The Duke ok Edineurgii. — Some very affect ing. stories are going the round . of . the papers about "the Duke and his supposed Russian sympathies, in consequence of the influence of his Russian wife. It has been said that he asked that if his, ship were ordered to operate against the Russians,, he should . be released of the command of his ship. It has been said, too, that his brother, the Duke of Connaught, hearing that Edinburgh was funking in prospect of war, asked that he, Connaught, might be appointed in his' place. But all this fine senti ment, and false charge of faithlessness to his country, on the part of Edinburgh, and bravery, on the part of Connaught, goes to the wind be fore the explanation which has now been given, viz., that the term of the Duke of Edinburgh's appointment to the command of his ship, the "Sultan," is about to expire, and that the pro-. Lability is, as a matter of routine, he will be re lieved of, her command ; but this is a totally different, thing from either a recall, or a dis missal, er a release, in ans wer to a req best that has been made by the Duke. We are not pre pared; to doubt the loyalty of the Duke, not withstanding that marriage relationship, con nects him with Russia Old England is in his heart before Russia. , Victor Emmanuel's Coffin.— It is interest ing to know that the only wreath which was laid on the coffin; of the late- King of, Italy, asdic lay in state, was one sent by Queen Victoria. Other wreaths indeed were - sent, but they were hung along the wall; while hers ; alone was placed on the coffin. Victor and Victoria cordially respected each other ; and regarded; each other; as Constitutional sovereigns. Dean Stanley and tiie Papacy. — Wo arc told that while Dean Stanley was engaged ou 19th February last, delivering a lecture on tho "Papal office;" at the Union chapel, ho was seized witlvsudden illness, and was compelled to with draw, leaving his manuscript to be read by Dr. Allon. This was doubtless a, .judgment from the blessed Virgin who, carefully preserving tlie: memory of Pius IX. who declared lior immacu-- late, was angry that so ' insignificant an indi- vidul as Dean Stanley should impeach and re proach the Papal office,1 arid accordingly struck him sick while he was uttering the words, "A miracle ! a miracle ! a Popish miracle !" The Murder of the Earl of Leitrim.— The Irish murder of this gentleman was noticed the other day in both Houses of Parliament in London, and the subject created great disturb ance. , The Irish members conducted them- , selves as all Popish Irish generally do when the villanies and violence of their party are exposed. It is thought an exceptional state of things that these Popish Irish should make riots on Hyde Park, Sydney ; but what shall be said when the same Popish Irish discover their natural propensity by raising riots and threatening violence in the very House of Parliament' in England. Murder is a sort of pastime to such aliens to British liberty. As the same features .are seen. 'in 'the 'same party wherever they exist, to what is the fact to be attributed, but to' the : nature . of 'the beast ?" Can tho Ethiopian change his. skin or the leopard his' spots ? ' J : v; Serves; him. Right. — A Jesuit, pries', .named Mon, , relying .on , his Ultrainontario. right, to' curse kings and governments who aro not sub; ject to the Chureh, and refuse to be guided and ordered by the Pope as Christ's vicar and God's vicegerent, was recently preaching a sermon in a town in the province of Aragon. As usnal, the chief part of his sermon consisted not of " preaching Christ and his life and teaching," but of politics. He assailed the king of Italy and Government of that country in the most violent manner. The fact wa3 reported to the Spanish authorities, and they promptly replied by issuing an order that the priest should be expelled from Spanish soil. Of conrse this fire brand Jesuit will be a real martyr in his exile ; probably Dr. Vaughan will invite him to North Shore, and welcome him as one of the " good citizens" which Jesuitry makes of all the dis ciples of Loyola ! What true History is. — According to cus tom when Pius was buried, besides a lot of gold and silver coins and medals which were placed in his coffin, there was deposited a "true history " of his life and reign. Doubtless, as the money is intended to pay the Pope's way through purgatory, and to hire a boat over the river Styx, the history is intended to inform the people of the other world about the charac ter and doings of the man to whom it bears testimony. Accordingly, the history is scrupu lously "true." No lies are told in it. No inter polations are made to set off the .honour and glory of the dead man who carries it. , ; It is in fallibly drawn up, either by the new Pope or by some one under his supervision. >, Accord- ingly, snch a. history was placed in the coffin of Pius IX. , that Peter and the other folks on the other side of St vx might know who and what this Pius was. The papers tell us, as a glimpse of the " true history " was secured by them be fore it was sealed up, that only one sentence: occurs , in it with reference to the loss of . the temporal power ; and that suppressing all allusion to the real facts of the case, and the; causes which led to it, this is the sentence-r- " Though subjected to a hostile domination, he always courageously defended the rights of the Church and of the Papal See.; he energetic-: ally, with quite Apostolic freedom, reproached- the powerful with the sacrilegious usurpation,' publishing and renewing the, censures inflicted: on :them." Why did it not add that the usurper was at last blessed bv the Pope, delivered from all. censures, and absolved from all sin, and sent off to purgatory as a good Catholic and loving son of the Church, with; a viaticum from .'the hands of Pope Pius himself ? .Such ;is true history, iu the hands of those Papal managers who not only lie respecting the present, and respecting the past, but plan that their lies shall live iu the future. 