HARRIET MARTINEAU.* THERE are many deficiencies in a biography, as no human being can understand all the phases of another’s character. There are equal objections to an autobiography, for no man thoroughly know him- self or can see himself as others see him. But the book before us, by combining both species of me- morial, avoids the disadvantages of each, and is a most complete picture of Harriet Martineau’s life and work. She was a philosopher, and wiser than most authors of her generation, for however misrepresented she might have been in life, she took care not to be so after death. So instead of leaving her history to be written by any fond, foolish, or speculative friend who might choose to take that task upon himself, she, during her illness, prepared the autobiography, which occupies two volumes of the book, and chose the confidante who was to compile the biography contained in the third. There is another great advantage ; there are scarcely any letters to be waded through as in most memoirs. Letters to onself are interesting, and letters to friends are pleasant to write—sometimes—-but long-winded epistles to defunct celebrities, touching on subjects which have long since become unintelligible or stale, are a weariness to the flesh. No doubt they show forth character, but we do not care to look so closely into the inner life of people who are alive, so why should we of those that are gone ? Life is short and books are by no means scarce, nor letters either, since the establishment of the penny post, which Miss Mar- tineau so much rejoiced in ; therefore it is to be hoped that future biographers will follow the example here set and read the author’s observations on the pernicious habit of violating the sacredness of private cor- respondence. Harriet Martineau, born at Norwich in 1802, was the sixth child of her father, a manufac- turer descended from a surgeon of the name of Martineau, who crossed the Channel on the occasion of the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes. Her mother was a clever, though severe woman, who brought up her children according to the strict rule of the time, and, while taking much pains to train the intellectual and moral parts of their nature, entirely repressed the affections. Though it may not seem so to all, perhaps one of the most valuable parts of the autobiography is the account of the nervous sufferings of Harriet’s child- hood. People who do not know what causeless terrors can be, are apt to make the hard and fast rule, “ Take away the candle, and the child will soon cease to be afraid in the dark.” This may succeed in a majority of instances, but in other cases it is an actual cruelty, carrying consequences to the very end of life. Are there not some of us who can too well remember sensations similar to these : “ Sometimes the dim light of the windows in the night seemed to advance till it pressed upon my eyeballs, and then the windows would seem to recede to an infinite distance. If I laid my hand under my head on the pillow, the hand seemed to vanish almost to a point, while the head grew as big as a mountain. Sometimes I was panic-struck at the head of the stairs, and was sure I could never get down ; and I could never cross the yard to the garden without flyinng and panting, and fearing to look behind because a wild beast was after me. The starlight sky was the worst ; it was always coming down to stifle and crush me, and rest upon my head. I do not remember any dread of thieves or ghosts in particular ; but things as I actually saw them were dreadful to me ; and it now appears to me that I had scarcely any respite from the terror.” There are many other incidents which show what a strange old child was the little ugly duckling, who, without beauty or winningness, found herself snubbed by her elder sisters and brothers, and over-disciplined by the mother, who increased rather than improved the moody jealous temper which was the bane of Harriet’s early years, yet entirely disappeared in mature life. But though Mrs Martineau erred in this way, she was singularly judicious in her mode of education, and while giving her girls the most thorough school training which could be obtained, she did not neglect to bring them up in habits of industry and to proficiency in needlework and domestic mat- ters : an early facility in which adds so much to the comfort of life, and can never be acquired in mature years. “ They pinched themselves in luxuries to provide their girls, as well as their boys, with masters and schooling ; and they brought us up to an industry like their own—the boys in study and business and the girls in study and household care. Thus was I saved from being a literary lady who could not sew ; and when, in after years, I have been in- sulted by admiration at not being helpless in regard to household employments, I have been wont to explain, for my mother’s sake, that I could make shirts and puddings, and iron and mend, and get mv bread by my needle, if necessary (as it once was necessary for a few months) before I won a better place and occupation with mv pen.” One of the most prominent features of Harriet’s childhood was her piety, which had much effect in softening faults and rendering her morbid nature less unhappy. All her first writings were religious, and it seems a pity that in later years she should have cast away the hopes and con- solations once so helpful, and rested alone upon philo- sophi which looked upon Christianity as “ the last of the mythologies.” But she was a good woman, sincere and God fearing far beyond the common, and if honest convictions led her to adopt other beliefs than our own, it is not for us to judge, or to say that what appears to us mere rationalism was not to her own soul a pure and reverent religion wrapped in thoughts and modes of expression which are like un- known Greek to those who read but English. Throughout the whole, the history of her inner thoughts and growth of opinion forms an integral portion of the book, to which is difficult to avoid allusion. But still, according to what ought to be a newspaper reviewer’s invariable rule, it is necessary to do so, as there is nothing so dangerous to casual readers as a sketchy account of theistic reasonings. In the book itself there is the ballast of argument, put forth in a humble spirit of search after truth, that checks all idle scepticism. The only bright hours of Harriet’s early years were those in which she sat absorbed in “ Para- dise Lost,” with which she became enamoured at seven years old, and the time spent in the nursery watching the baby sister, Ellen,whom she ever loved with passionate tenderness. At twelve years a new trouble began to be apparent, and from that time her deafness increased, till she became unable to hear at all without the trumpet, which afterwards seemed a part of herself. Whether it proved in the end an affliction may be doubted, for the quiet thus obtained may have materially contributed to the power of con- centration in study and composition, which was the secret of her strong grasp of subjects. One of the greatest impediments to self-improvement was the conventional rule which prescribed the proper employment for a young lady. How Harriet Martineau conquered the difficulty shows the natural force and determined intellectual bent of her mind. “ When I was young, it was not thought proper for young ladies to study very conspicuously, and especially with pen in hand. Young ladies (at least in provincial towns) were expected to sit down in the parlour to sew, during which reading aloud was permitted,— or to practise their music ; but so as to be fit to receive callers, without any signs of blue-stockingism which could be reported abroad. Jane Austen herself, the Queen of novelists, the immortal creator of Anne Elliott, Mr Knightley, and a score or two more of unrivalled intimate friends of the whole public, was compelled by the feelings of her family to cover up her manuscripts with a large piece of muslin work, kept on the table for the purpose, whenever any genteel people came in. So it was with other young ladies for some time after Jane Austen was in her grave ; and thus my first studies in philosophy were carried on with great care and reserve. I was at the work table regularly after breakfast, making my own clothes, or the shirts of the household, or about some fancy work ; I went out walking with the rest— before dinner in winter and after tea in summer ; and if ever I shut myself into my own room for au hour of solitude, I know it was at the risk of being sent for to join the sewing circle, or to read aloud—I being the reader, on account of mv growing deafness. But I won time for what my heart was set upon, nevertheless, either in the early morning or late at night. I had a strange passion for translating in those days, and a good prepara- tion it proved for the subsequent work of my life. Now, it was meeting James at 7 in the morning to read Lowth’s Prelections in the Latin, after having been busy since 5 about something else, in my own room. Now, it was translating Tacitus, in order to try what was the utmost compression of style that I could attain. It was at the age of nineteen that she made her first appearance in print on the recommendation of her brother James. He suggested authorship as a new pursuit to divert her mind from grief at his departure to college. Her first effort is thus described, and is an amusing contrast to the confidence of later years when statesmen and savans sought the opinion of the now diffident girl :— “ It was on Female Writers on Practical Divinity. I wrote away in my abominable scrawl of those days, on foolscap paper, feeling mightily like a fool all the time. I _______________________________________________ * “ Harriet Martineau’s Autobiography.” Smith, Elder, and Co., London. ________________________________________________ told no one, and carried my expensive packet to the post- office myself to pay the postage. I took the letter V for my signature,—I cannot at all remember why. The time was very near the end of the month. I had no definite expecta- tion that I should ever hear anything of my paper and cer- tainly did not suppose it could be in the forthcoming number. That number was sent in before service time on a Sunday morning. My heart may have been beating when I laid hands on it, but it thumped prodigiously when I saw mv article there, and in the Notices to Correspondents, a request to hear more from V. of Norwich. There is cer- tainly something entirely peculiar in the sensation of seeing one self in print for the first time. The lines burn themselves in upon the brain in a way of which black ink is incapable in any other mode. So I felt that day when I went about with my secret. I have said what my eldest brother was to us,—in what reverence we held him. He was just married, and he and his bride asked me to return from chapel with them to tea. After tea he said ‘ Come now, we have had plenty of talk ; I will read you something ;’ and be held out his hand for the new ‘ Repository.’ After glancing at it he exclaimed, ‘ They have got a new hand here. Listen.’ After a paragraph, he repeated, ‘ Ah ! this is a new hand : they have had nothing so good as this for a long while.’ (It would be impossible to convey to any who who not know the ‘ Monthly Repository’ of that day, how very small a compliment this was.) I was silent, of course. At the end of the first column, he exclaimed about the style, looking at me in some wonder at my being as still as a mouse. Next (and well I remember his tone, and thrill to it still) his words were— ‘ What a fine sentence that is ! Why, do you not think so ?’ I mumbled out, sillily enough, that it did not seem anything particular. ‘ Then,’ said he, ‘ you were not listening. I will read it again. There now.’ As he still got nothing out of me, he turned round upon me as we sat side by side on the sofa, with ‘ Harriet, what is the matter with you ? I never knew you so slow to praise anything before.’ I replied, in utter con- fusion. ‘ I never could baffle anybody. The truth is, that paper is mine.’ He made no reply ; read on in silence, and spoke no more till I was on my feet to come away. He then laid his hand on my shoulder, and said gravely (calling me dear for the first time) ‘ Now, dear, leave it to other women to make shirts and darn stockings : and do you devote yourself to this.’ I went home in a sort of dream, so that the squares of the pavement seemed to float before my eves. That evening made me an authoress.” How real is the description of her feelings will be recognised by any one who has seen their own words first looking at him with the strange eyes of type ! But Harriet’s grand success did not occur until nine years after, during which time many home changes had taken place. The manufacturing house had failed, bringing ruin to the family. The father had died, and she herself went through the woman’s trial of a betrothal, followed by the insanity and death of her lover. This trouble though so terri- ble at the time, she afterwards learned to look upon as a blessing, being persuaded that she was unfit for married life, and could never have been happy in that state, or made a husband so. Probably she spoke with truth, as though through her whole life she wins re- spect as an admirable single woman, one cannot imagine her anything but a most uncomfortable wife. The strong will and positive opinions, right and rational though they might be, rendered her only fit to live alone, and her love of study and habit of con- secutive mental work would have been hindered, and she herself gêned by the thousand interruptions of matronly life ; while the temper which became so mel- lowed during years void of contradiction or hindrance would scarcely have borne the test of daily struggle between literary aspirations and trivial domestic duties. It is true that she bore much from her mother during the time they resided together in London, but she still retained the command of her own time, could give uninterrupted morning hours to work, and spend every evening in the enjoyment of literary society, which provided fresh materials for the morrow’s thought. The success alluded to above was the winning of the three premiums offered by the Unitarian Asso- ciation for prize essays, by which Unitarianism was to be presented to the notice of Catholics, Jews, and Mahomedans. While others went in only for one competition, Harriet Martineau undertook all, and sent her essays in different handwriting to the three separate committees appointed for the examina- tion of the manuscripts. In each department, without any intercommunication, the same writer stood undeniably first, and at the May Meeting of the association the results were publicly announced, and Miss Martineau, of Norwich, found to be the winner of the triple honour. From this time her reputation as an author was established, and she began hopefully to carry out her scheme for a series of tales, “ Illustrations of Politi- cal Economy.” But though willing to recognise her ability in some modes of composition, no publisher would entertain the project. To one after another she went but all declined—some with civility, and others with rudeness, till at last she was obliged to accept the disadvantageous terms proposed by a young man of the name of Fox, whose first stipula- tion was that the work should be published by sub- scription, and the second, that he should be at liberty to give up at the end of two numbers, unless a thousand copies were sold in the first fortnight. The conditions were humiliating, the beginning discourag- ing, as she says,— “ For several weeks I dreaded the arrival of the publisher’s weekly letter. He always wrote gloomily, and sometimes rudely.” But ten days from the date of publication a change came over the face of affairs. “ At the end of those ten days, he sent with his letter a copy of my first number, desiring me to make with all speed any corrections I might wish to make, as he had scarcely any copies left. He added that the demand led him to propose that we should now print two thousand. A postscript informed me that since be wrote the above he had found that we should want three thousand. A second postscript proposed four thousand, and a third five thousand. The letter was worth having now it had come.” “ The entire periodical Press daily, weekly, and, as soon as possible, monthly, came out in my favour ; and I was overwhelmed with newspapers and letters, containing every sort of flattery. The Diffusion Society wanted to have the Series now : and Mr Hume offered, on behalf of a new society of which he was the head, any price I would name for the purchase of the whole. . . . . . . Members of Parliament sent down blue books through the Post Office, to the astonishment of the postmaster, who one day sent word that I must send for my own share of the mail, for it could not be carried without a barrow :— an announcement which, spreading in the town caused me to be stared at in the streets. Thus began that sort of ex- perience. Half the bobbies of the House of Commons, and numberless notions of individuals, anonymous and other, were commended to me for treatment in my Series, with which some of them had no more to do than geometry or the atomic theory. I had not calculated on this additional labour, in the form of correspondence : and very weary I often was of it, in the midst of the amusement.” The next two years were a period of incessant work for seven or eight hours a day, and of almost over- whelming attentions from society. Well or ill, the monthly number had to be created, and only once was the author compelled to take a holiday. Her feelings during the composition of each volume are amusingly described. “ It was no small matter, by this time, to have a month’s respite from the fluctuations of mind which I underwent about every number of my work. These fluctuations were as regular as the tides ; but I did not recognise this fact till my mother pointed it out in a laughing way which did me a world of good. When I told her, as she declared I did once a month, that the story I was writing would prove an utter failure, she was uneasy for the first few days, but afterwards amused : and the amusement was a great support to me. The process was indeed a pretty regular one. I was fired with the first conception, and believed that I had found a treasure. Then, while at work, I alter- nately admired and despised what I wrote. When finished, I was in absolute despair ; and then, when I saw it in print I was surprised to see how well it looked.” That there was no need for the “ absolute despair” was proved by the extraordinary popularity of the series. “ From king to cobbler,” everyone bought the little volumes, the Princess Victoria watched for each publication day ; the Emperor of Russia ordered a special translation and read diligently—(till the “ Illustrations” trod upon his absolute feet, when he prohibited the authoress from entering his dominions, and Austria followed his example)—and as she walked along the streets the people followed in crowds. The volume that treats of this time is deeply interest- ing on account of the characteristic remarks con- cerning the eminent men and women of that day. One sentence regarding Bulwer will give an instance of her keenness -“ He seems to me to be a woman of genius enclosed by misadventure in a man’s form.” Of Macaulay, she says :— “ In his speeches there was the same fundamental weak- ness which pervaded his writings—unsoundness in the presentments of his case. Some one element was sure to be left out which falsified his statements, and vitiated his con- clusions ; and there never was, perhaps, a speaker or writer of eminence so prone to presentments of cases who so rarely offered one which was complete and true. . . . .He appears to be wholly unaware of this deficiency ; and the superficial fervour which runs over his disclosures probably deceives himself as it deceives a good many other people.” There is much interesting matter concerning her method of composition and that of other authors with whom she compared notes. Her plan was to go to work in the “ fresh morning hours before the post came in and interruption was abroad,” and to write on an average ten pages of large letter paper a-day without revision, rewriting, or delay. “ Mrs. Opie wrote slowly and amidst a strenuous excite- ment of her sensibilities. “ Miss Bronte’s first manuscript was a very small square book from which she copied carefully, in a small, nervous, and poor, but legible hand. “ I have mentioned the appearance of Carlyle’s proof- sheets (every other word was altered and revise followed upon revise). His manuscript is beautifully neat when finished, and a page holds a vast quantity in his small up- right handwriting. But his own account of his toil in authorship is melancholy. He cannot sleep for the sense of the burden on his mind of what he has to say : rises weary and is wretched till he has had his coffee. No mode of ex- pression pleases him, and by the time his work is out his faculties are over-wearied.” “ Almost every one of these is late in sitting down ; and I believe few write every day. Mrs. Somerville’s family did not breakfast early ; and she ordered her household affairs before sitting down to work. She worked till 2 only ; but then it was such work ! Dr. Somerville told me that he once laid a wager with a friend that he would abuse Mrs. Somerville in a loud voice to her face, and she would take no notice ; and he did so. Sitting close to her, he confided to his friend the most injurious things—that she rouged, that she wore a wig, and other such nonsense, utttered in a very loud voice. Her daughters were in a roar of laughter, while the slandered wife sat placidly writing. At last her husband made a dead pause after her name, on which she looked up with an innocent, ‘ Did you speak to me ?’ . . Dr. Chalmers was another mystery to me. He told me that it was a heavy sin to write (for press) longer than two hours per day ; that two hours out of the twenty-four are as much of that severest labour as the human brain is fitted to endure. Yet he must have written faster than that, to pro- duce his works. Dr. Channing entirely agreed with Dr. Chalmers, and was apt to tax people with rashness who wrote faster. His practice was, when in Rhode Island, to saunter round the garden once every hour, and then come back to the desk ; and when in Boston, he went to the drawing-room instead, or walked about in the library. No person can judge for another ; but we used to compare notes. I wondered how he could ever get or keep his ideas in train under such frequent interruptions ; and he was no less sur- prised at my experience,— that every hour is worth double the last for six hours, and that eight are not injurious when one’s subject naturally occupies them ; but then it is an in- dispensable condition that there shall be no interruptions. The dissipation of mind caused by interruption is a worse fatigue than that of continuous attention. Southey and Miss Edgeworth wrote in the common sitting-room, in the midst of the family. . . . . . . I can imagine that Miss Edgeworth’s stories would not require very much concentration : but how a man can write epics in the midst of the family circle is inconceivable, even to some of Southey’s warmest admirers. The comment is inevitable :— that his poems might have been a good deal better, if he had placed himself under the ordinary con- ditions of good authorship.—Wordsworth was accustomed to compose his verses in his solitary walks, carry them in his memory, and get wife or daughter to write them down on his return.—The varieties of method are indeed great. One acquaintance of mine takes a fit of writing,—a review or a pamphlet,—and sends his wife to an evening party without him. He scribbles, as fast as his pen will go, on half sheets of paper, which he lets fly to the floor when finished ;—i.e., when a dozen or a score of lines run awry, so as to cover the greater part of the expanse. His wife, returning after mid- night, finds him sitting amidst a litter of paper, some inches deep,—unless he has previously summoned the butler to sweep them up in his arms and put them some- where. By 5 in the morning the pamphlet is done. How it is ever got into order for press I cannot imagine.—But enough !” Miss Martineau experienced so strongly the fatigue consequent upon the prolonged strain of authorship, that on the completion of her series she resolved to travel, and fixed upon America as her destination. The account of her voyage is given in the appendix, and much resembles any other board-ship experi- ences. On arrival, all America went mad about the political economist, and for a time business was suspended while the guest was “ Lafayetted.” Four times the period she intended to remain in the West would not have sufficed to accept the invitations that were pressed upon her. But true to her anti- slavery principles,—she attended a meeting held by the then small party of the Abolitionists, and spoke on the side of those persecuted reformers, and from that moment the tide of popularity was turned. Newspapers vied with each other in the scurrility of their abuse—people who had craved the honour of her presence in their houses, found polite reasons why she could not be received, and some parts of the States in which she had intended to travel were ren- dered unsafe from the avowed intention of the slave- holders to “ lynch” her if she came into their way. Still, with undaunted courage, she openly expressed her abhorrence of slavery, and afterwards showed the noble efforts and trials of the Abolitionists in her article, “ The Martyr Age of the United States.” Some of the most valued friendships of her life were formed at this time, and foremost amongst them was that with Mrs. Chapman, then a leader of the cause, whom she afterwards chose to complete the biography now before us. On her return, there was an amusing competition among the booksellers for the honour of publishing the book, not yet begun, on America. Now it was Harriet Martineau’s turn to carry matters with a high hand, and to decline the offers of the publishers, who had once turned the cold shoulder upon her. She ultimately made terms, not with the one who offered the highest emolument, but with Messrs. Saunders and Otley, who proposed what agreed most with her own desires, and were willing to endure whatever consequences might ensue from plain speaking on subjects such as slavery, democracy, and the woman question. Scarcely was this volume completed than the illness which had long been threatening seized upon the authoress, and for the next six years confined her to the couch of suffering. During this time little work was completed, except her novel of “ Deerbrook,” some stories for children, and an autobiographical sketch of “ Life in a Sickroom.” It was while thus laid aside that she refused the offer of a Civil List pension of £300, which, though it would have been a re- lief from present pecuniary cares, she considered would limit her freedom of speech on political subjects. Of her wonderful recovery by the aid of mesmerism, when all other means had failed, we are told but little, as the whole account is contained in the “ Letters on Mesmerism,” published in the Athenæum in defence of her mesmeriser and the girl Jane, who recovered her health at the same time. It seems almost incredible that such bigotry and prejudice should have existed among sensible people, especially the medical profession, as was evinced by their attack upon Miss Martineau for her recourse to this new healing agency, and by the slanders industriously cir- culated concerning her coadjutors. But whatever might be their opinions the result was undeniable — for ten years she who had been pronounced a hopeless invalid enjoyed a measure of strength never before known. And these years were in every way the happiest of her life, for having no longer any ties which bound her to London, she formed a home at Ambleside, building the pretty dwelling of “ The Knoll,” where she remained in quiet comfort to the end of her days. During her residence there she con- stantly used the mesmeric knowledge acquired in her own illness for the benefit of the suffering. So in- teresting and rational are her remarks and anecdotes of cures effected, that coming from such a clever and matter-of-fact person, one is disposed to be so far con- vinced as to “ throw medicine to the dogs,” and rely upon the more spiritual method of healing. Once only did Miss Martineau leave her beautiful home —the fruit other own labours —for any length of time, and this was to undertake the expedition to Arabia, Egypt, and Nubia, which is described in the volume of “ Eastern Travel.” During her latter years Miss Martineau’s works treated of three curiously dissimilar subjects— “The English Lakes,” “ Household Education,” and a translation and condensation of Comte’s “Positive Philosophy.” In 1856 were published the “ Atkin- son Letters” which created much sensation by their advanced views, and caused many friends, innumer- able acquaintances, and even her own beloved brother James, to turn coldly from one whom they regarded as an infidel, and a fit subject for attack and remon- strance. The details of these opinions, and of her friendship with Mr. Atkinson, are given by herself, and also, as a closing chapter, a most interesting “ Last View of the World,” in which are recorded some political prophesies which are proving curiously accurate, especially with regard to Russia. The autobiography, written after the discovery of heart disease which might at any moment prove fatal, was completed in 1856, but Miss Martineau’s life did not end for twenty years later. The history of this remaining period is therefore added by Mrs. Chapman, and contains an account of her various literary labours, and of her deep interest in the American War. The anti- slavery cause in the United States was materially aided by her position on the staff of the Daily News, to which she contributed, for ten years, leading articles, sometimes at the rate of six per week. Referring to these valuable contributions the editor said :— “ Our contributors never wrote more than four articles a week at most. It is all that the best of them could fairly do. And political writers commonly deteriorate. The first article is excellent, and we think we have found a treasure. Tho second is less striking, but we are not surprised that so high a standard cannot in every instance be maintained. At the third we say, ‘ Have we not read something like this very lately ?’ The next is so manifest a falling off that we desire no more. “ There was no such feeling or failure in the political career of Harriet Martineau. ‘ Do you know,’ said Mr. Hunt to one of her family, ‘ that your sister is a great political writer ?’ He told, too, how these writings moulded public opinion through Parliament. ‘ They are read in the clubs ; they precede the debates and modify the Times. The Daily News leads.’ And well it might and must lead : ‘ for these,’ said a friend to Mr. Hunt, ‘ are not newspaper articles, but poems.’ And so they were,— the full sweet harmonies to which “ The powers militant that stood for Heaven Moved on. “ The subjects of these articles cover the whole field of national and political action, philanthropic effort, and agricultural statistics. In the department of agriculture no one had done so much, except Sir John Walsham. Irish, Jewish and American subjects, Indian and educational reform, anti- slavery, geographical and historical articles, economical and West Indian interests, reviews and miscel- laneous writings, made up her sixteen hundred strong. Of her last illness she says herself “ It was a time of quiet enjoyment, soothed by family and social love, and care and sympathy.” The decline of strength at the end was very gradual, and to the dying day she retained all mental faculties unimpaired. She breathed her last on the 27th June 1876, at the mature age of 74. So passed away one of the most celebrated authors of the century, who had influenced the course of politics, and done more to aid the cause of reform, than any other woman in England. Miss Martineau was one of those fortunate writers who are neither too much behind, nor too far beyond her age. She won her fame at a transition period, and stood just in front of the army of thinkers, holding the power to express in telling words the dis- content with ancient wrongs, and the principles of noble statesmanship that were vaguely stirring in the hearts of men. Whether her Political Economy series would have possessed the same influence at the present day is a doubtful question. The gift of the literary gab is so much more abundantly bestowed in this latter half of the century, so many essayists treat wisely and learnedly of all things in heaven and earth, that no one pays particular attention to any of them. George Eliott could probably write still more forcible “ Illustrations ;” but if she did, the day has gone past when a Parliamentary Bill could be delayed till her last number was out, and it is difficult to imagine Disraeli and Gladstone sending down blue books and private documents, and struggling to obtain her literary “ vote and interest” by fair means or foul. Harriet Martineau was doubtless a noble philan- thropist, with the brain of a statesman, and intellectual capacity and industry that has rarely been surpassed, but the secret of her success lay in two points—first, that she was, as Hartley Coleridge wittily expressed it, “ a monomaniac about everything and,” concen- trating her whole energies upon the particular subject at issue, sent her work forth electric with her own enthusiasm. Secondly, that taking in all surround- ings with quick common-sense eye, and aiming straight and level, she hit the gold of men’s minds, and stood forth as the champion of intelligible reform. AUSTRALIE. 