[?] an cxpee wmrncn. A NEW NOVEL. *By the Atjthoe op *? IiAbt AxHnarr's Sbcbet/' «Taxbw at thb FtooD,' 'Dbab Men's Shoes,' ** 'Weavers- axd Weft,' &c.; ^Published br special arrangement -with the Author All rights reserreoL] « Chapter XL VIII. — Jilted. '?'No wedding!' screamed Mis. Dulcimer, putting down the old silver teapot and staring aghast at nothing particular. ' No wedding !' repeated the vicar. -*No,' answered Kenrick, hoarsely, and ?with a hardness of manner which he main ?tained all through that painful day. 'She lias been fooling me ail this time. She has ?written to tell me that she never loved me — ^and — at the last— it came into her head that she ought notto marry me without loving me. An afterthought. And she flings me fifty thousand pounds as a peace offering, as £you throw ah importunate 'dog a biscuit, when you don't want him to follow you.' 'It is most extraordinary,' exclaimed -the vicar. 'She was in such a hurry to .pay off those mortgages before her marriage. jL thought she was 'romantically in love -with you.' ' You don't understand,' said Kenrick. M That was how^she meant to make amends to me. She valued my love, my manhood, iiny self-respect at fifty thousand pounds. I am paid in full,-8he thinks, and I have no right to complain.' ' Women are an inscrutable race,' said -the vicar. ' I am a mest unlucky woman,' wailed .Mrs. Dulcimer. ' I took such a pride in blitzing Kenrick and Beatrix together — .such an excellant match — so well suited to each other — a large fortune — a fine position In the county — title — everything.' ' My love, it will not mend the matter -for you to get hysterical,' remonstrated the Vicar. 'Where are you going, Ken rick ?' he asked, as Kenrick moved towards 4he door. 'To the Water House. Where is ?Cyril ?' ' He got an early cup of tea from Re ifoecca and went round to see some of his ?old parishioners. He promised to be at the *ehurch before eleven.' 'A superfluous civility,' said Kenrick. ?'No doubt he knew there would be no ^wedding.' u Kenrick,' remonstrated Mrs. Dulcimer, tfcut Kenrick was gone. He walked down to the Water House faster than he had ever walked there in .his Hif e, though Love had lent him Mercury's cringed sandals. To-day rage and baffled fast as if they had been palpable seo urges ^wielded by the Furies. Everything looked very quiet at the old Tudor house by the river. The butler came to the door. Miss Hareueld had .;gone away with Madame Leonard at five ?o'clock that morning. The carriage had .taken them to the railway station at Great Tafford. No one had gone with them bat rtlie coachman, and he had not left his box, ithe porters had carried the luggage into the station. Yes, there was a good deal of luggage. The big eases were to be sent to a furniture warehouse in London. The house was to remain in the care of *he butler and Mrs. Peters, the housekeeper. The servants were to be on board wages. Mr. Scratchell was to arrange everything. Mr. Scratchell came in while Sir Kenrick was .questioning the butler. He too had re ceived a letter from Beatrix, which he allowed Kenrick to read. 'Dear Mr. Scratchell, 11 1 am going abroad, most likely for a Hong time. Please receive the rents as ?usual, attend to all repairs, and pay in all moneys to the bank, as heretofore. I shall l)e obliged if you will give the servants whatever allowance is liberal and proper for board wages. This had better be paid monthly, in advance. Please see that the liouse and grounds are kept in good order, =and that all my subscriptions to local and ?other charities are regularly paid. tl Mr. Dulcimer is to have any money he ^requires for his poor. u Sours very truly, 'Beatrix Harefield.' ' Business-like,' said Mr. Scratchell, ' but I'm afraid the poor young woman is not «quite right in her mind. Do you know -what she has done about the mortgages on your property ?' *l Yes,' answered Kenrick. 'You don't suppose I am going to keep the money ?' *l I don't -suppose you'd be so demented -?as to give it back,' said Mr. Scratchell. *( You'd better keep it. If she doesn't make ducks, and drakes of it one way, she -will another. What was your quarrel about?' 'Quarrel,' echoed Kenrick, and then it -occurred to him that it was just as well to let this vulgarian Scratchell believe that he ' and Beatrix had quarrelled. Jlow could a piece of such common clay -?as Mr. Scuatchell comprehend the finer feelings of human porcelain? He only thought it cracked. There was nothing more to be discovered :at the Water House. Beatrix and her com panion had gone. That was all. Miss Harefield had made her arrangements with -coolness and promptitude. It might be just possible to follow her, but to what end ? Kenrick went in quest of Cyril. After a good deal of enquiry he found him with a bed-ridden old woman, listening to a doleful story of the winter's sufferings. 'I want to talk to you, Cyril,' said JCenrick, and, with a gentle apology, Cyril -cut short the dame's rambling account of \- Tier bodily ilk, which threatened to be as long as Madame Lafayette's description of the Duchess of (Mean's fatal colic. ' What is the matter, Ken ?' asked Cyril, 'when they were outside in the windy road. ?*' You look as pale as a ghost.' 'There is to be no marriage. Beatrix lias gone away — and you know all about it. You planned it together yesterday when r you met in the churchyard.' 'Upon my honor, Kenrick, I know iiothing-,' answered the other solemnly. 'Why should I believe you? She, -whom I thought the noblest of women, has fooled and jilted me. In whose hanor em I to believe, after that ?' \ ' Kenrick, I em deeply sorrv for you.' 'Pray spare me that. Your pity would be the last drop of gall in my cup. Will fQV, swear to j&e;*ihat you 4q not tawir where she is gone— that you had nothing , todb with her going?'1 : * „? ?;. ,-, -~ :: ' ;.',. 'Directly, nothing,' answered Cyril, very pale. , ? r ' y -j ; q r v.- \ ? His conscience smote him for that scene of yesterday. He had given the reins to , passion, lie, a man who had hitherto shaped; ? his life upon principle. He felt himself guilty. ...... ; ' ?'',.-, : 'Directly, no. You are equivocating, with me, as only your virtuous man can equivocate. You are Pharisees, every one of you, straining at gnats and swallowing camels. What about your indirect in fluecee ? It was that which broke off my marriage.' , ' I met your betrothed wife yesterday, by accident. I was- taken off my guard. In the bewilderment of that moment I , may have said foolish things ? ' ' Yes, you urged her to break off her marriage. You left her a year ago, of your own accord. And now, finding that I had won her, it came into your head to try and take her away from me. A manly course throughout.' ' Kenrick, when I went away .conscience was my dictator. Yesterday I ,Iet passion master me. I confess it with deepest humiliation. But, trust me, if Beatrix did not love you it is better— infinitely better — that you and she should be parted for ever. No happiness would have come out of your union — — ' 'Preach your sermons to more patient listeners,' cried Kenrick, savagely. ' I will have none of them.' And so the cousins parted. Kenrick went to Great Yafford to make enquiries at the station, but at that busy place there had been nobody with leisure enough to particularise two ladies — one tall and the other short — going away by the six o'clock train. Neither Miss Harefield's carriage nor Miss Harefield's person had made any impression upon the mind of the porter who had carried her luggage into the station. There was a train started for London at six, there was another that went north ward at a quarter past. There was the Liverpool train at six thirty. She might have travelled by any one of these. Kenrick went back to the Vicarage in a savage humor. No good could have come from the pursuit of his lost bride, but it was hai*d not to know where she had gone. Fortunately Cyril passed him unawares on the road between the town and the village, so those two did not meet again. ' I shall go to London to-morrow,' Keu rick told the Dulcimers that evening, 'and present myself at the War Office next day.' ' You want to go back to India directly ?' asked the Vicar. ' Yes, I shall cut short my leave by a month or six weeks.' '. 'Dear Kenrick, why not stop with us till you recover your spirits after this cruel blow ?' urged Mrs. Dulcimer. ' My kindest of friends, I could never recover my spirits at Little Yafford. For give me for saying so, but the place has be come hateful to- me. Even your kindness could not make it endurable.' ' Kenrick is right,' said the Vicar. ' He has been very badly treated, and his profes sion will be his best consolation.' ' There is one thing that must be settled before I go back to India,' said Kenrick. ' I must give — Miss Harefield — back her money. I cannot carry that burden away with me. You are her guardian and one of her trustees, Vicar. You and Mr. Scratchell must manage the business be tween you. I can only raise the money by a new mortgage. Would it not be best for Miss Harefield's trustees to take a mort gage on my estate for the amount they have advanced ? I paid the other peopb only four per cent. I might pay her five.' ' I do not think she will take a mort gage. 1 do not believe she will take her money back in any form whatsoever,' said the Vicar. ' She has written me a letter which I shall show you when you are calmer and more disposed to forgiveness. It is a very touching letter, full of truth and generous feeling. She has treated you very badly — she has been foolish, mistaken — but she is a noble girl, and she is much to be pitied. You will be ungenerous if you in sist on giving her back the money. She has more than enough without it.' 'I shall be a mean hound if I keap it,' said Kenrick. Chapter XLIX. — Mas. Piper's Dat. ' I am not surprised,' said Miss Coyney, when she was informed that Beatrix Hare field had gone away, and there was to be no wedding. 'That unhappy young wo man's guilty conscience has driven her away. A just punishment for Sir Kenrick. Of course he was going to marry her for her money. He knows as well as I do that she poisoned her father.' The wedding was to have been strictly private — altogether different from the im pesing ceremonial that had made Bslla Scratchell the second Mrs. Piper. There were no guests to be put off at the last moment; there was no confusion any where : but there was a great deal of talk in Little Yafford when it became generally known through Mrs. Pomfret, the pew opener, that Sir Kenrick's marriage was not to be. There were various theories as to Bea trix Harefield's motive for her extraordi nary conduct. ' Guilty conscience,' said Miss Coyney and her party. ' A prior at tachment,' said the more charitably in clined. ' The girl must be wrong in her head, ' said the matter-of-fact matrons and middle-aged husbands, who could not un derstand the fits and starts of passion. Perhaps in all the neighborhood there was only one person — except the rival cousins themselves — who guessed the real cause of Miss Harefield's flight. That per son was Mrs. Piper. She knew how deeply Beatrix had loved Cyril, and it hardly surprised her that, at the last moment, she should refuse to consummate a loveless bond. ' It might have been happier for me if I had run aivay,' thought Bella, looking round her apple-green dressing-room, with all the gew-gaws Mr. Piper's generosity had heaped upon her ; *' yet any other life than this would be almost unbearable now.' Time went on, Kenrick returned to India leaving Tii8 honor in Mr. Dulcimer's hands. Miss Harefield's money was to be paid back, and without loss of time. Kenrick's lawyers and Mr. Dulcimer were to arrange the mat ter between them — somehow; but it must be dene. On that point Sir Kenrick was firmly resolved. The lawyers were as slow as most of their craft, and saw no reason, why sUcU a b. usjr ness as iiis »Ao,ul4 be precipitated. Miv \- Dulcimer was -the last man to hasten; tbjeT; movements of jt&e; lawyers. '- H^ppy ,in his world of shadows — now digging out the forgotten temples of Nineveh: and Babylon —anon wandering with the Lost Tribes of Israel— 4ie .w»6 apt 4a Jet the actua^busi ness of life slip out of his mind altogether. Mrs. Dulcimer had to remind him of every-, thing— ftp^teil, him what bills Be ought t», pay— what people. .he, ought. to visits-ail, the details of his quiet life. Now, Mrs.' Dulcimer was not disposed tp remind her husband of Kenrick's desire to refund Miss Harefield's fifty thousand pounds. ..She hoped that Kenrick might, by fair means or foul,, be made to keep the money. He had been cruelly .wronged. The least atone ment £hat could be made to him was the liberation of his estate from its old bur dens. Thus argued Mrs. Dulcimer, while Kenrick was busy fighting the Burmese. Before the bleak winds of March had ceased to blow their keenest across the wide waste of withered heather and sandy barrenness — before the last of the daffodils had faded in Mrs. Pomfret's neat garden, Cyril Culverhouse had come back to his old place at Little Yafford. He had done good work at Bridford, but the work had been too much for him. He could not be content to do half the work wanted and leave the rest uu done. Another man in his position would have been easy in his conscience after doing a quarter of the good that Cyril had done in that crowded lazarhouse — but the know ledge of unconquerable evils, of cures only half wrought, weighed upon Cyril's spirits like an ever present night-mare. He could not sleep for the thought of the evils round about him — the rampant iniquities — the selfishness of the rich — the godlessness of the poor. His health broke down under the burden. This time it was no fierce attack of fever — no brain sickness and delirium — but his strength went down like the sand in a glass when the hour is nearly done — appetite failed — the power of sleep left him — and Dr. Boiling told him, in plainest terms, that if he wished to go on liviug he must leave Bridford. Brought face to face with this solemn question of life or death, Cyril discovered that existence was not altogether worth less. He, who a little time ago had courted death, had now no desire to die. There were mysteries that he wanted to solve in this life before he went to investigate the awful mystery beyond it. He wanted to stand face to face with Beatrix Harefield once more. He wanted to know whether it was indeed^ for love of him she had jilted his cousin at the last moment. He wanted to find some stronger proof of her inno cence than the sudden conviction that had flashed into his mind when he looked into her steadfast eyes, and saw scorn of his weak doubts, fondest love for himself at war in her soul. While he lived there was always a chance — however remote — of his discovering the truth. While he lived there was always a possibility that Beatrix and he might meet. She was not his cousin's wife. Fate had spared him that last bitterness. He could think of her without sin. So he came back to Little Yafford, to his old rooms, his old friends, his old ways, and the old hard working life which seemed so easy after the vain endeavor to cleanse that Augean stable, an overcrowded manu facturing town. ' I never feel as if I had too much work to do so long as it is work that can be done,' he said to the gentle Vicar. ' To grapple with impossibilities and feel oneself being daily worsted ! That is the trial.' There were two of his parishioners at Bridford whom Cyril could not be content to leave behind him. Those were Emmanuel Joyce and his mother. Emmanuel's grati tude for the man who had risked his life to save him had done what argument and teaching might never have accomplished. Emmanuel was now a conscientious con forming Christian. He believed as the lepers believed, because he had been saved. The conduct of one Christian man opened his heart to receive the sublime mystery of a Redeemer who was more than man. He went to the altar without one lurking doubt. He made himself like a little child, and confessed that all the learning he had been so proud of was nothing when, weighed against his friend and teacher's one act of Christian self abnegation. ' What was I that you should sacrifice yourself for me ?' he said. ' When a man can be so generous I will no longer refuse to believe that God can suffer and die for sinners.' ' I would have you believe up3n better grounds than any friendly act of mine,' said Cyril. ' I have been face to face with death. Men learn strange things on their death beds. A death-bed repentance may ba a poor thing, but a death-bed revelation may compass what a life of study could not do.' And then Emmanuel, being by nature an enthusiast, talked wildly of the visions of his bed of pain — the cloud-curtain that had been lifted up from the invisible world — the wonders that he had seen and heard in that mysterious border land between life and deathi Uyril asked no more than a simple un questioning belief. It was with a thrill of joy that he saw Emmanuel kneeling before the altar rails, meekly lifting up his hands to receive the sacred symbols of Divine love. Could he leave his convert behind him in the fever tainted alley, where the sweet summer-tide was ever tlie harbinger of death ? N.o. He made up his mind that Emmanuel and his mother should go with him. 'I am doubtful whether you would be able to live at Little Yafford by shoe lrending,' he said, when he discussed the question with Joyce and the widow, ' but if I could get the schoolmaster a better berth somewhere else I am sure you could manage the school, with a little help from me at the beginning.' *' Oh, sir, it would be the very thing for him,' cried Mrs. Joyce. ' His father began life as a parish schoolmaster, and he gave Emmanuel a good plain education. He was very severe with the poor lad,, but that was partly in his anxiety to make him a tho rough scholar. I don't think there's any one could beat my boy in arithmetic or Bible History. I'm sure he could teach. You'd like to teach, wouldn't you, Emmanuel?' ' John Milton was a schoolmaster,' said Joyce, with his face all aglow. ({ I should like it of all things — if you think I could do it, Mr. Culverhouse.' ' As for book learning,' cried the widow, ' I don't think, there's one in a thousand no, not even among the gentlefolks— nai» jea^ 9i Biucji a§ my EauaimuQl,' i i 'A wide range of reading would hardly rhe required—though eyery teacher must t«; -ihe. better for it,' said Cyril, emiling. ,'f But rl know thatj Emmanuel has ;be£n diwelL grounded in a plainfEnglish reduc&l;&a;^a&d; ? -thatie now- thinks rightly upon t religious questions, so I fancy lie might'teach'wisll in ,: our parish school.. Of course the, first tb|ro* -? to be done is to get a better place fo^-tibe ; ^present man, whais a very good mSsjfcfef.&* ? ; Cyrildidnpt acUL :as he'mighthavwdotoej , that the present schoolmaster's merits-^rere -chiefly h£ work. He had taken \ infinite pains to teach the teacher as well, a* 'the pupils. ? ; ,. ; Before Cyril had been at Little Yaffoird 1 a month he contrived to get the school master transferred to a more profitable situation forty miles away, and to get Emanuel Joyce accepted as master upon probation. _ He was to do the work for a' quarter without remuneration; and if he succeeded in pleasing the Vicar and Ch'uxcb wardens, was to be engaged, at. the end- of = that time, at the handsome stipend of five1 and thirty pounds a year,. with a cottage adjoining the school, and an allowance of coals and candles. This. in Yorkshire twen ty years ago was to be passing -richV It is hardly possible to conceive greater happiness than that of Mrs. JoyGe and* her son when they came to take possession of their cottage at Little Yafford. The rustic beauty of the village, the grandeur of the moor, where golden patches of fuffze blossoms blazed here and there upon the dull purple ground, the blue river winding capriciously through the valley, the dark pine branches gently swaying in the April breeze, the gardens bright with spring flowers, the silvery blackthorn in the hedges, the primroses and dog violets^ the scattered houses, all. more or less- pic turesque of aspect, the sloping meadows, and orchards full of pear blossom-r&l;! these things, to people who had lived in one of the most loathesome corners of a manufac turing town, were as a revelation of an earthly paradise. Could heaven, itself be sweeter or fairer ? Could death ever enter here ? Mis. Joyce wondered. Was there any coffin-maker in that peaceful village ? The thread of life, spun gently in this fair tranquillity, must surely run on for ever. What should snap it ? The four-roomed cottage seemed to the Joyces the most luxurious mansion. Four rooms ! What could they two possibly do with such a world of space. There would be room enough for ghosts in the unused chambers. And then Mrs. Joyce reminded her son how, before illness crippled his father, and brought poverty, and trouble, they had lived inli four-roomed house just like this, with a scullery at the back of the kitchen, which might be accounted a fifth room, and a little yard where they were able to grow scarlet runners.. ' It is like old times, Emmanuel, when your father was earning his five and thirty shillings a week,' said Mrs.. Joyce, ' and my house was the neatest and brightest in Seville's buildings.' ' Wherever you lived, mother, the place would be neat and bright,' said he/ son admiringly. They we»t out to explore the garden, enraptured with everything. It was quite an extensive garden, nearly a, quarter of an acre. There were potatoes, and apple trees, and gooseberry and: currant bushes, and roses in abundance. And there was room for scarlet runners, as Mrs. Joyce ex claimed delightedly. A scarlet runner is the chief of vegetables in the estimation of the poor. That homely, useful bean will grow anywhere, and it is a thing of beauty wherever it grows. 'We might even try some vegetable marrows, Emmanuel,' said the widow, ' They would look so pretty, behind the rose bushes in summer time.' Emmanuel began his w.ork next day, . after a long conversation with Mr. Culver house over night. Cyril was going to allow him ten shillings a week during this time of probation. It was very little, perhaps, but the frugal widow could manage to make it serve, and it 'was a great deal for Cyril to give out of his small means. Before a week was ended everybody, con cerned was agreed that Emmanuel would do. The children liked their new master. There was something in his quiet manner which won both Hiring and respects It was thought that he knew a great deal. He had taken the trouble to explain things to his pupils. He had enlarged, upon the meagre history of England, in which the kings and heroes, politicians and chmch men were the merest shadows, and had told the boys of the greatness and power that had been in their land since Alfred the Saxon kindled the light of letters in a barbarous country. The more intelligent of the boys were delighted with him — even the stupid ones brightened under his tuition. He was so keenly interested in his work. The pupils could hardly find their lessons a burden when the master took so much pleasure in them. On Sunday he sat at the end of the church, with his pupils- ranged before him, on a row of benches beside the organ. He kept them in wonderful order, and the occasional dropping of marbles and attacks of spasmodic coughing which had been apt to disturb the congregation under the rule of Emmanuel's predecessor were no longer heard. Cyril was delighted at the success of his scheme. The Vicar and Churchwardens did not wait for three months of probation to come to an end before they expressed their satisfaction. At Midsummer, Em manuel Joyce was formally appointed schoolmaster, and his salary began from that time. The schoolhouse was beautifully kept by Mrs. Joyce, the cottage and garden were a picture of neatness, unsurpassed by. any house or garden in Little Yafford. Cyril bad the deep delight of knowing that he had made two people happy. His own life went on very quietly all this time. He was certainly happier at Little Yafford than he ever could have been at Bridford. He hadplenty to do, and his work was successful. He saw the church crowded on a Sunday evening, and. knew that people came from far and wide- to hear him preach. Had he been vain of his power as a preacher his vanity might have been fully satisfied. The week day services were well attended. The people led better lives than when he had first consp among them. There was less drunkenaess, there were fewer brawls. Over the- young people hi3 influence was all potent. He gave a more intellectual tone to their lives. He had o;pened a reading-Toom which was now a self-supporting and self-governing institu tion, but its committee always looked, to ' fciafw fttoig? in tfw choice q{ hooka, ' i [He^«Mf0?t goj*L dt&Laf; jiie JDnloimeis 4n- J4siOC^Nw»al^eMurje ^uib- Jand witbthja k^ind'and genial ¥ftar-e was ^wayeoappy.! .memories of-H^e - past was when he: passed: ; ;tte. Water House, and jaw, Its dark^opd windows, ajad remembered that ahe who «hould^vefje|g|ie4;-lthe» as a ; centre o/;. Bghtjandia^iaessvWM » wanderer nofle knew; where, ; ler fair fapwoveialiadowedL ' rher youth bligirttei. .- \ ^ r, .,._, .,...'. He called ones: in a- way ^*n Mrs;1 Piper,, of the EarkVnofcsoftenj for. the thought of -: Bella had neyer been ehtireljragreeable to him after that comversation, with Mx&iDul-; ckner, in whkh hehad,in'af manner, found .himself accused of iaving misled the young -lady'— or at any rate the young bady'sfriends , — as to his intentions? JNbwr that she waa married he had certainly no need. to lie uneasy, on -that score ; but the recollection was an uncomfortable one, and heJiaia feeling about Mrs* Piper muph too- near .dislike^ tobealtpgetheBChristiaiii . . Bella, in all the fulness of her new powers, was not a« person, to-be easily, kept at a distance. She-wanted captives-lat her chariot wheels to -make- her triumph com plete, and she was particularly anxious- that - Cyril Culverhouse, whoj according to- her own idea, had scorned her ins her poverty, should see and wonder: afc her splendor and elegance. She pestered* him' with-, invita tions, all of -which he- found- it impossible to decline without marked, discourtesy more especially as Mr. and Mrs* Piper were regu lar .worshippers at: the parish church. and liberal subscribers to all local charities-. Bella had taken it into- her head tore'' ceive her friends upon -one particular day of the .week. It waa-qu&e; a new thing in Little Yaffqrd — except for such a person as Lady Jane Gowjy, -who was a privileged eccentric — and had rather a foreign flavor. At the beginning of this institution visitors were slow to avrive-. and Bella found it rather a dull business- to; sit waiting for them, looking her loneliest in a dress just arrived from Paris, but with nobody but Mr. Piper to look at .her. ' Youlook uncommonly pretty, my dear,' said that devoted husband,, walking up and down his blue andi gold drawing-room as restlessly asapolac bear inhiscage, 'but I cant say J hold with this new style of yisitfng. If you; was to ask people to a jolly good dinner^ they'd be sure to come ; if you asked 'em* to. a friendly tea I dare say they'd come, though they might think it low. But you. send 'em your pasteboard with l Mrs. Pipei, Thursdays, at home from four to six,' and I'll lay they don't know what to make of it.' u It's quite the right thing, Mr. Piper. In London everybody of any importance does it. Aad here where the distances people have to. come are so much longer it is still more convenient.' ' Then 1 suppose you're not of any im portance, my dear,' said the provoking Mr. Piper, ' for you see nobody comes.' ' How ean you say so, Mr. Piper,' cried Bella, reddening with anger at this ob noxious truth. ' Miss Coyney came last Thursday.' 'Yes,' and the Thursday before that, and the Thursday before that again. That old lady will come anywhere for the sake of a dish of scandal and a cup of strong tea.' ' And Mrs. Dulcimer comes.' 'Yes, I believe she has been once,' said Mr. Piper. And then, anxious to chase the thumper cloud from his young wife's stormy brow, he added hastily, u Never mind, my lass. You'll have a visitor this afternoon. I met Chumney this morning when I was in Great Yafford, and I asked him to drop in at five and pay his respects to you, and eat his chop with me at seven.' 'What!' cried Bella. 'You have in vited that vulgarian, your old cashier. Mr. Piper, I am ashamed of you. You have not a particle of self-respect.' 'Why, what's amiss with Chumney? Tlie'most faithful servant a man ever had. Why should I cast him off because I've got a pretty young wife. The first Mrs. P. never made any objection to Chum ney. She never said a word about the difference in the butcher's bill, let me bring him home as often as I might. Why should , you object to him?' 'I don't object to him, as a faithful servant ; but let him be kept in a servant's place. Why bring him home here — a man who eats peas with his knife — and bites his bread — and is always talking of the time when you were in trade. Can't you see that I am trying to raise the tone of your surroundings ? ' 'The tone be blowed,' mutterel Mr. Piper. ' That I want to get you recognised by the county people — that I want to force you into the best society in the neighbor hood. You must know this, and yet you bring Chumney to spoil everything. He was at our last dinner party.' 'Well, he did no harm,' growled' Mr. Piper, waxing savage. 'He was an eyesore. He was. a blot upon the whole thing. Do you think I shall ever rise above your Wigzells, and your Porkmans, while you weigh me dqjvu with Mr. Chumney.' ' My Wigzells and my. Porkmans are a. deal pleasanter than the stuck up lot you've contrived to bring about me,' retorted Mr.. Piper. ' A pack of shabby genteel lawyers, and parsons, and half -pay captains, that eat up my substance and stare me out of countenance as if I. was waxwork — and never offer me bite nor sup in return. I despise such half-and-half gentry.. I'd. as soon put electroplated goods on my table as sit them down to. it. And as for the county,' cried Mr. Piper, snapping his fingers derisively, ' the county w.on?t have cut, shuffle, or deal with us, and wouldn't, no, not if you were to pujtrypur eyes out upon sticks.' This horrible expression, w.hach Mr. Piper sometimes used when he was in a passion overcame Bella. She began, to, cry, and murmured meekly that she wouldn't so much mind Mr. Chumney, coming if it was not her. ' day.' ' Your day,' cried Mr. Piper, growing bold in his scorn. . 'Your day be hanged ! Nobody comes on your day. You might as well call it Queen Elizabeth's day, or Nebu chadnezzar's day. You've laid yourself out to know a parcel of arrogant people that don't want to know you, and you've turned up your nose at people that give three hundred guineas for a pair of horses, and live in handsome houses of their own build ing, and brag about the money they have earned with their own industry, instead of bragging about their great grandfathers. You want to keep company with, the Tudors and the PlantagenetSi Nothing 1 1?0§ itau ttat wU tttitfi £-ra* But they id|nneraJydja!dAe^ r ] Mr. CftumneyVamvallirotight^^ vki^tjon to 4a^mp^ f lo'ng ;Jeeir man, ^m^^mm'^^sm&^^''r':-1- teU jge»t exBressioniwh^ at»ned in f^soow a rL ? meaewef^il^igauntiiiglines* *i.yy :-Mt^md:k t^niof a faitbf«l;dog»that iu«;l»Ferijfaiiws^ti- [but one master, ,tod with i^^ ; rest of the ; world afce was stricdy: misaor ; . ? threpic. He;wpsnotascandalm©nger,lik» Miss Coyney.' :='Efe generally thought 4hft )?. worst of people, but , he always kept iu» thoughts to himself : He believed every-. ; .- AHsinejBs-man-; except Mr* Piper, att.innste i /rogue^ind on. the verge j-f insolvency^ but . s he gaye no expression to his doubts* HeTi k yr^scx^k 4 M^y.i*^napjMn.on, aoiar aa-cpo? v versation goes,' but' jhe was an accomplished ' \ listener ;lie had the art of , looking juie&ajdjr; ?.'''' wise;' and of 'appearing;to'be able to give a« v immense deal of information, if he hai-not ; preferred to withhold it. He was like X»Mt ' Thurlow. Nobody ever could have been so wise -as Samuel Chumney looked. . ' From the hour, she became acquainted . - with Mr. Chumney, Bella nad hated hdm..: She did not know why. It' might rhave l-een his eyebrows; it rn^ht have been bi» . vvlgarity. For some undiscovered reason he was more obnoxious to her than any creature she had ever met. She thought him clever, and she had a lurking idea that he was able to read her as easily as ha would read a book. She fancied that be knew everything that was passing in her mind — that he was perfectly familiar with her motive for marrying his old employer* — that he had weighed and measured her till he was master of her most secret thoughts. She lectured her husband for his cultivation of Chumney; but she was wonderfully polite to Mr. Chumney himself. She feared him too much to be discourteous to Max. (To be continued.) ? + 