GRETA. Trio PITr.-I hear from pretty good authority that Anvil Creek pit will make a start before long. The debris caused by the lte fire ha hbeen cleared away, and a new manager appointed. Greta pits Ihve worked four days this week. The license of the Sportemans' Airms loo. been transferred from Dir. P. Henry to Dir. t'artin Durham; end as the latter is o thorough sl)ortiug character, we hope to be able to have something worth patronising soon, for, really. quoits and foot-races are becoming quite nauseous. I soe by an advertisement in youes journal that he is coming out already by annoonc ing a coursing match bor June let. There have been two commodions sheds built in the play ground of the Public School, to ohelter "Young Australia" from the weather. It is a great want iupplied. The new rchool. 0oom is also being pushed on with rapidity. It will be a spacions building of brick upon astoe fioundation. It is greatly needed, as the presest building i. entirely inadequate for the purpose it. was erected. . Our streets, especially. Highestreet, are a danger and a disgrace to any comimnity. You can be ocr ommodiited with a passport to the next weorld, either 1by being drowned in a water-hole, breaking yourneck over a log, or getting impaled (a lt Turk) on a ltump. to soy nothing of broken limbs, &c.;, which would be a little inconveniero on0 this terrestrial sphere. I think if our e/ clected Improvement Committee, instead of play. ing for such "high stakes" as an expensive water eupply, curit houscc, loekups, &e.;, had given their attention to these small matters, aad got the township a little ship ishape, the other thingo would have to be granted as a natural consequence; unt as they use not heard of now, 'like Pepper's ghost, they must have dissolved. Whilst onthis point, rmnour says that the Go voerminent haove bought a half-acre allotment frioi the Rev. C. Walsh, situated in Hligh- street, oppo site the Piinte of W?ales Hotel, for the purpose of erecting a coumt house-and loekup thereon. The price is stated to be one hundred pounds. If such is tie ease, it either shows that property here is goeatly increasing in value, or teat the ground in question, through having belonged to a reverend gemleman, might posseossome sperial virtues whereby those who may be incarcerated in the building will be reclaimed, anit repent of their evil ways. Tie weather is Epleadid-cold, ,bracing, westerly winds, and olear. sky; but rain is anxiously looked for, if wedon't get itseoun there will bosn winter feed this part of the country. bMoy 11th, 1878. 