The Assembly. When tho fair land of Poland was pnt through tho operatic course of sprouts which it seems to havo suffered, it may safely be asserted tbot the Bpeaker wasn't there. He most certainly wasn't there at 2 o'olock yes terday, for at that honr his foot wbb on tho Turkey. I don't mean that he was a Russian or n poultry-aoaler. I allude to tho carpet of tho House. The Houso wns thinly attended and the mixed dnylight and gns had a depressing effect. From afternoon sessions, from edu cational debates, from Cooper, Richardson, and Mirams, from personal explanations, from Professor Pearson on tho stump,, from the smiles of Longmore and the frowns ot Patterson, and from debate In goneral, whioh means nll nnoharitableness, may I be apared. After Ministers had bean bowled at for some time, Major Smith Baid Mr Maokay had Baid something last night that wasn't so, and Mr Mackny onght to read bis Parlia mentary papers, Mr Woode was worried some morn abont tho Ookleigh railway ;. but he wasn't to be got at, and said if' anybody thought he'd interfere with the contractors, they were mistaken. He wasn't going to Iobb his grip on 'em ; they wanted all tho watohing be conld do. Mr R. Clark hero wanted fo talk very badly, bnt the Speaker wae true to the best interests of tbe House, and gently, but firmly squelched him. Little Bills for a short time. Theu Mr Gillies felt anxious abont? the Hobson's Bay Rail way employes. Mr Berry, with n bland smile, said it would be all right. Mr Gillies looked half-convinocd, and then the good ship Parliament, having got through the straits, went on Supply with a flowing sheet. N.B. — What is a flowing sheet? Professor Pearson then tilted himself on his feet, arranged his note-book for handy reference, and proceeded to sing, like the survivor of the Nancy Bell In a droning and minor key. The gallant Professor said the department had been in an awful mees,.butthe Major had put it all right, The Major, upon this, smiled and careesed hiB massive forehead. Then did tbe Professor begin to talk about his report. Now, everybody bad read hie report, and didn't care about it, nor about him either, and so when he entered upon a de fence of that report,, members, who felt that the Minister's oye was not on them slipped out and interviewed their constituents ia the lobby, or otherwise wont in for something that was amnsing. When he'd done, and he waB an awfully long time about it Mr Ramsay Brose. Tbe Houbb wbb nwfully thin by thiB time. Mr Longmore, npprehensive of mesmerising somebody, laid fiat on hie back and Bmole Bt tbe ceiling, Tbe piece cf mortar that fell into the eye of HondciBoa Africanue had no connection with that incident. I may remark, for the information ot posterity, that Mr Longmore woarB low shoes aud grey stockings. Sir John O'Shnnassy wbb im mersed in Btudy. Mr Bnmsay made a curious speech. He wanted to pitch into Mr Smith, hut then he had a conecience, and somehow he couldn't work it. He waxed wroth with the Professor, and tho Professor showed him ihBt he was stripping tho wrong wattle. 1 hen he said tbe intellectual powers of the head masterB could be better employed than in flogging boys. My schoolmaster never flogged mo with hia intellectual powers; he nscd a cane. The school-books were good and were moral — very moral — and the man that wrote to the Argus was a lunatic. Then he rend a lot of sohool-books; and the Honse groaned and the reporter's gallery cursed till tbo messenger said somebody had been lighting matches, ho was euro, by the sul phurous smell. Mr Olark got in a word now, bnt it wasn't good for mnob. The honorable mid travelled member, Mr M'Intyre, told the Honse that he'd been to America, and when be waB in Boston, Mr Philbrick told him, &c.; Now, the Honse bad had Mr Philbrick Berved up to them, boiled, stewed, fried, grilled, jugged, and devilled, and they did'nt want any more Philbrick, thank you; but Mr M'Intyre cared for none ot these things, and bo we had to have some more Philbrick cooked in a now way, and the time of the country was fooled away on an experiment ae to how much Philbrick the bumau intelleot can stand. I think that if ever I go to Boston I shall ask to be introduced lo Mr Philbrick, and then I ebali say " cnas words" to him. I thought when he sat down (bat st last something goed was coming, but Mr Richardson got np and I fainted. He tnlkcd right down to tea-timo, and people wanted thoir tea. At half past seven they came in again, and this time Mr Gaunson rose to apologize to Professor Pearson for neiDg hard language abont Onstlemainc. He said he'd been goaded. Fleaso ProfeBeor goad him some more. Then Mr Sergeant said he was goiDg to advise Major Smith ia the most friendly spirit entirely for hiB good. My schoolmaster need to say so when he was going to whop me, so I knew what was coming, I suppose all school masters say the same thing. 'i bo Major took hiB whopping like a lamb. Mr Oasey said ho liked to get practical information. So did the Prince of Wales. It was a oinguler coincidence. Ho didn't just sny that, hut I think he ought tu; and what's the use of imagination if one keeps it bottled up 1 Mr Berry defended the Major gallantly. Mr Kerferd bowled interjections at him, but Mr Berry kept his wicket well, and minded them no more than the lion on lop of the Oriental Bank carcB for peashooters, or D'Arcy Read's Ghost for drawn swords. Then members looked atone another in blank dlomay, for Mr Mirame caught Mr James's right eye. That eye is a cause nf offence, and if I were Mr JnmeB I'd etick n black shadci over it, and say I'd got a cold, Oh dear I O dear I how he did talk, and the figures he quoted were enough to make Mr Hayter cancel hie yearly issue, and get Mr Mlrsms to writo one instead. I think it would sell. I know it would if be put a poitrait of ihe author on tbe title page. A full-length poitrait wouldn't take much room, Every patriotic Victorian would buy ore, for fear it should get home and un deceive the people there as to the mental calibre of the Australians, Just as soon as he'd done they were in no hurry to ad journ. Not at all, Mr James got out of bis chair with a pleased alacrity and the rest of tho business just bummed with the high rate of speed. Dawn went my pen as soon as I managed to wake up, and though Mr Dent wanted to grind an axe for Mr Doran, the House would not Btop any longer, and the Speaker left, and eo did the mnu that eits in the GALLERY. 