SPECIALITIES. PERKINS is' one of the "Men of the Time." We defy his worst enemy to contradict that statement, or even to mend it. But we mean no mere truism, for all that. Perkins has a knack of identifying himself with the times in such a way that when you listen to him you feel that you are living not so much under the Christian dispensation, or ia the Victorian era, or Anno Mundi, or any trivial generality of that sort, but wholly and absorbingly in the Time* of Perkins. We affirmed lately that every man in the House hag his little rhetorical artifice. Perkins' little dodge is, " When I came here"— " When I went there." He played it off three times in one speech the other night, and each time with perfect success. This is how it works—" When I came to the colony," says Perkins, " I found everything in a state of cor ruption ;" and immediately he showß that from that date all things began to smile. Of course he mentions the opening of the Gympie gold field as the ostensible cause of the fresh start of prosperity, but the personal preface has bo filled you with Perkins—'you are so worked up and blown out and fermenting all over with Perkins —that, without troubling your head about goldfields or anything else but Perkins, you find yourself Baying instinctively, "What a change since Perkins came 1" We know of no more beautiful receipt for leaving on the hearere the impress of the orator's individuality. Look at this again: " When I came up here I was told that the whole of Toowoomba could have been bought for £200," and so on. This is lovely. We can fancy the effect of it on rural readers of the Courier supplement. We have a vivid picture before our imagination of some tavern coterie in the electorate of Daubigny, t« whom the speech of " the member " has just been read by the " scholar" of the lot. " Couldn't buy Toowoomba now for £200, eh, mate ? " "No blooming fear," says mate, as he lowers his Toowoomba from his lips, " not since Perkins came!" But it mußt not be supposed that Perkins is inwoven with the chronology of Queensland merely. No, no. He preceded prosperity in New Zealand also. He seems to be not only a man of the time, but a man of the nick of time. In fact, you may be sure there's some thing a-brewing whenever Perkins comes round. " When 1 went down to New Zealand, the popu lation was about the same as that of Queensland is now. But what haa the enterprise of the people made it ?"—since Perkins went there. In short, Perkins is an epoch, a dispensation, an avatar of plenty. Before his advent to this colony, as he himself bavb, "everybody's cheque was refused." And how stands the case now ? We can answer for ourselves that we have never refused a cheque—since Perkins came. Wb are roused to take up arms on bebal of an outraged class of men and women. It is all very well for Groom to set himself up as the Champion of the Poor, but it is perfectly evident that he is only half-hearted in the cause ; other wise why should he have said that " surely Mr. Lowe was entitled to better treatment than would be accorded to a cook or a scullion ?" Now, in spite of the legal aspect with which Groom sought to surround the case on hand, it is plain that the cook (we must let the scullion slide for the present) was selected for the pur pose of rhetorical contrast as the fag end of society, as a being with no rights—in short as something lower than Lowe. We protest against this invidious selection, and, unlike Britain, we have no fear of lack of allies, as doubtless every cook in the country, from Cooktown to Petrie's Bite, who is able to read the disparaging sen tence, would gladly trues and "pepper" the utterer of it, if they could only get within kitchen range of him. No man of taste would have invented, or countenancingly quoted, such an irreverent expression. Every man who has read his De Quincey knows that civilisation culminates in the cook. Certainly, cookery haa not its muse like the other fine arts, but it has better ; it has its god—the great god Pan. Anybody can be an M.L.A., or a groom, but the cook in heaven-born. For a legislator to disparage the cook is to show hia ignorance of the inner workings of the body politic. You may be sure that Baldwin's cook has had his finder in many a parliamentary pie. Next to the par liamentary barman, he has probably influenced legislation more than any other functionary of representative government. If his acts are not in the records of the House, it is simply because the members conceal them within their own persons. No better than a cook, forsooth 1 If we were Groom's medical adviser, we should look on his contemptuous reference to cooks as one of his worst symptoms. We would diagnose it as intimately connected with his increasing acerbity. The railing accusation of a man who rates cooks below traffic-manuLerfi should only be answered by a proffer of antibilious pills. Where the cook is not held in due honor, there cun bo no sound reasoning. There is a strong connection between a man's rations and his rationality. Listen now to the reasoning of a man who despises cooks. On the ground that there is not one law for the Crown and another for the subject, Groom urges the Government to treat a traffic manager better than if he were a cook. Is thero one law then for the Crown and another for the cook ? Is not the cook, too, a subject ? We thought better things of Groom than this, and can only conclude that in his con tempt for cooks he has eleoted to settle his own hash. There is frequently something unique in news from the Logan. The latest is in reference to its dead men. The grim sentinels that watch over sepulchral rites at Beenleigh are, according to the Logan Wit ness of the 16th of last February, Messrs. John Davy, Peter M'Lean, James Savage, Carl Palm, and Thomas Holliday. These gentlemen met at Beenleigh, it appears, on February 9, and after discussing their ghastly accounts poised them on to the Colonial Secretary. Cautions men, all of them, we should say, and not to be taken in unawares by any dead man that likes ; for they agreed unanimously to prepare a supply of "ready-made graves." It seems that they bury their dead in stone at Beenleigh, and have, there fore, to quarry the graves. The trustees have since carried out the intentions of their meeting, and a number of graves are ready awaiting occupants. But on visiting the cemetery a few days ago we found these ready-made graves full of water. What a curious homily these five gentlemen have read the neighborhood of Beenleigh. Ready made graves—full of water—Davey's lockers, every one of them. Tumble in, gentlemen of the Logan ; everything is ready ; asphyxia is said to be pleasant a thing to die of, and no funeral will be requisite; nay more, you may live in dull cold stone for ever (pity it wasn't marble, isn't it, to suit the quotation?). All sorts, all sizes ; be in at the death, gentlemen. Will you have the water baled out, or would you prefer a "watery grave?" Water is a capital means by which to make quite sure of your man—nay, you may make doubly sure of him by drowning him after be is merely dead in an ordinary manner. Another thought strikes us—ghosts are knocking about the district, as we read—and, as these are supposed not to able to cross running water, it may have entered into the minds of the Cemetery Trustees to snare these visitors in the still waters of their tombs. How comes the water into these graves - is it rain-water - or has it been put there on purpose? If the latter, then we fancy that we could almost be sure of naming the trustee who proposed the introduction of that element, and have just a sufficient knowledge of another of the trustees to infer that he would move an amendment rather than face water, even in the tomb. The days of troglodytic burial are indeed passed away. Cremation itself seems to have died a natural death. People will be singular if they possibly can. But it has been left to the trustees of the Beenleigh Cemetery to intrcduce a hydrostatic style of burial. We fancied the Logan folks were full-blooded, and what do we find instead ?—why, Ichor. Thx Victorians, who are such •ticklers for strictly constitutional practices, cannot do better than turn their eyes to New Guinea m a promis ing recruiting ground for future Governors. No more touching evidence of intuitive reverence for constitutional forma could be conceived than the document signed by the chiefs of Annapata, Titana, and Koitappo, and forwarded to head quarters by the (Queensland Government Agent. One would have supposed that any request from the Party of Progress in New Guinea to effect a ohange in the order of things that has obtained in that island since the inhabitants assumed the erect posture, and rubbed their tails off by sitting to their meals, would be couohed in the pic turesque language that is the ordinary medium of Intercourse amongst primitive peoples. We thought the " Big Father" would have been en treated to extend his protecting hand and foster ing care to the dwellers in the unknown island, teaching them how to kill their game with thun der, to cheer themselves with fire-water, aud to make boats with fires in their bellies that swim against stream and wind. This sort of thing may be all very well for the Fennimore Cooper style of savage, but it won't do at all for the breed of untamed lawyers that evidently people the New Guinea jungles. They ask nothing of the Governor except with the advice of his Executive Council. They wish to be governed by Sir Arthur Edward Kennedy, " with the advice of his Executive Council," and they promise to re ceive kindly, and refrain from eating, any officers Appointed by him for this purpose, " with the advice, Ac." This innate appreciation of consti tutional procedure seems to us to indicate New Guineaus the future model republic of the > outh ern hemisphere, a sort of antipodean Switzerland, aud we can imagine in the near future unpopular Governors of Victoria being admonished c- take example from Poi Vacchi aud keep strictly within the limits of the constitution ; till such constant references shall induce a Select Committee to re commend a petition to the Queen praying for the appointment of v chief of the Koitappoea to re place the Sir George Fergußon Bungle of the day. Thbbk is a certain self-lauded Belf-important little seaport town in the North, to which the bi-annual advent of a cargo of newchums is a godsend indeed. They are the conversational topic of tbe day, and the whole town turns out to "interview" them on their disembarkation. " Sheepshanks," who has a station in the " fine weßtern country," was in town a few days after their arrival, and thought he would take a new hand or two up with him, bo enquired of bit " boniface" thus : —" I say, landlord, what sort of a draft ia this last mob of newchuma T Are they culls ?" Landlord (l«q.) :" Oh no, fine lot, sir ; just the men the country wants, sir ; the best drinking lot I ever knew 11 f" Thb übu»l contempt the native-born colonial has for the recent immignuite wu well exempli fied the other day, to the discomfiture of the latter. A red- faced, motqnito-bitten, "ship brand fat" lump of a fellow, who, having failed of being hired in tho depot, was sent "up the line" to " be absorbed" into our vast country, had his eyee opened in the moat remarkable manner. On his first day'i tramp from th* " termiuus" to anywhere, he encountered one of a camp of the genus bullock-driver, a worthy descendant of the good old New South Wales Blue Mountain men, and the following ensued : —" I siy, mate, did you ute anything of two red poky bullocks along tho road/" "Ay, I seed 'em, iv the woods, some mile or so back ; one on 'em nigh catched mo with hin horns," " You d b b new ohutu, who the ■ erer let you out of their calf-pen T Oh, BUI, here it a new chum And no mistake I" 