I PREMATURE BURIALS; The difference between death and a state oi tranoe-or, as. the Germans pat it, Todt and Scheintodt-has never been quite clearly understood by the generality of mankind. Sooiety, which sometimes does its beBt for the living, does not always do its best for the dead (or those who appear to be dead), and he wonld be a bold man who, without statistics, should assert that men, women and children are never, by any chance, buried alive in the British Isles. Are the bodies of the poor always examined with care before burial? Are deaths properly verified in days of epidemio, that is to cay, in days of sooial panic ? I propose in this artiole to call attention. to a. few instances of premature burials on the continent of Europe; instances whioh involve stories of tranoe, or Scheintodt-a trance, the semblanoe of-death, holding its B.way over the human body for hours and days, and not merely for minutes, as in the case of ordinary fainting fits. In days when land is dear, and burial rights are less saored than the rights of builders and con tractors, coffins have been opened with the pick-axe, in the act of converting oemetsries into streets and gardens. Here a grave has been discovered whose inmate has turned in its shroud; here a corpse clutohing its hair in a strained and unnatural position ; dead men and dead women lying in their graves as dead men never lie in a Christian land at the moment of burial. The presumption is that these people have been legally reor dered. A few months ago a young and beautiful woman, on the eve of ber marriage with the man she loved, was buried in the neighbour hood of Lodi, in Piedment, in accordance with the doctor's certificate. The dootor was of opinion that the girl bad died from exoitement-over-joy, it is said, at the pros pect of being married, but the legal name for the catastrophe was disease of the heart, and with this verdict her plaoe in society was declared vacant. When the first shovelful of earth was thrown down on the coffin, strange noises were heard proceeding therefrom, " as of evil spirits disputing over the body of the dead." The grave-diggers took to flight, and the mourners began pray ing; but the bridegroom, less superstitious than the others, insisted on the coffin being unbailed. This was done; but too late; the girl was found in an attitude of horror and pain impossible to describe; her eyes wide open, her teeth clenched, her hands clutohing her hair. Life was extinct; but when laid in her shroud the day before, htr oyeB were closed, her hands were folded on her breast as if in prayer. The " Medical Ac&demy;" of Milan, in one of its weekly reports, published on Wednes day, 22nd Marob, 1818, quotes a case of trance which occurred to an ex- nun of the suppressed convent of St. Orsola, named Lucia Marini. The lady was taken ill, and, to all outward appearance, died; she was known to be subjeot to a peculiar kind of fit, which required peculiar treatment, and was staying ac the timo of the catastrophe in the house of a friend, who had been a nun. The becchini (grave-diggers, who in this case were the undertakers) insisted on burying ' the body before night; the surviving ex nun remonstrated, urging that she flaust first try the effect of friction and mustard plasters applied to feet and stomaoh. Fear ing to lose their fee, the men of death waxod wroth in their contention, and, seizing the body by the shoulders, were about to drag it out of its bed, when the " dead lady," moaning and muttering inarticulate sounds, turned restlessly on her pillow. The friend of Lucia Marini broke out into prayers, in terrupted by tears; the men let go their hold, and one of them (the elder of the two) crossed himself devoutly. The other, with a great oath, declared it was " spasms j" the dead, in his opinion, being liable to con vulsive movements if not properly straight ened. But humanity prevailed over igno ranoe, and oupidity gave way to medioal skill. The lady was thoroughly revived by a medical praotitioner of the neighbourhood, and lived for many a long day to tell tha story of her esoape from the tomb. Another case in point is that of Cardinal Espinosa, some time president of Castillo. Philip the Second, Eing of Spain, one day, in a moment of irritation, addressed him as follows :-" Cardinal, take heed ! Yon are speaking to the President of Caslille." The cardinal understood that he was dismissed fram office (the king being his own presi dent), and fell to the ground as if stunned. The pulse showed no signs of life; the parted lips emitted no breath-the king's wrath had slain bis minister. It was do cided that the unfortunate cardinal should be out open and embalmed. The surgeon arrived and commenced his operations, when, lo! in the midst of the cutting the patient awoke, and, with screams of agony attempted to struggle with his operator. But it was too late. The wounds were mortal, and the cardinal expired, before the comforts of religion could be administered to him. In some instanoes the victims of tranoa have been known to rise out of their coffins. A case is recorded of a young lady in Leipzig who, being reported dead during a .nervous attack, was placed in her-vCoffin, in her parents' house, and there kept duly dressed for the grave, with the lid of the coffin still nnnailed. While the family wero at supper she appeared in her winding- sheet at the parlour door; pale and frightened, but fair to see, as before her supposed death. Father and mother and sisters started up with cries of horror, and rushed out of the room by another door, believing her to be a ghost. It was only after a long interval, during whioh they entered and found ber at the table, eating and drinking, that they persuaded themselves thatthegiri still lived. They found her coffin empty; ergo, the ghost in the parlour was a living soul I The dootor, the priest, and the undertaker saw the error of their ways, and the deed was cancelled which declared "the lady a corpse. On the following year another deed was made out for the same lady, and the same prieat officiated, but not the doctor or tbe. undertaker." The lady was married, and lived to be the mother of many children. ' But let us go back a century or two in these inquiries. We come upon the story of the A.bb6 Prevdfc, author of " Manon Les cSut," and, earlier still, upon that of Pe traroh. Pidvot was found in a forest, one fine summer's day, in a state of complete un consciousness. The village dootor, who examined the body, deolared that life was extinct, and commenced what he was pleased to term his post-mortem examination. But at the first thrust of the knife the unlucky author awoke, and, with a pieroing shriek, gave [up the ghost. Bruhier, the bio grapher of PrevOt, deplores this event as a serious los3 to literature. "Manon Les caut," whioh Jules Janin complacently balls the "Paul and Yirginia " of vice, might, he opines, have had a suocessor, if not a rival, from the same pen. Petrarch,' when a middle-aged man, lay in Ferrara twenty honrs .in a state of trance, and was to be buried on the completion of the time laid damx by law, that is to say in four hours, whea a sudden change oi tem perafure cntired him to.':stsrt"up. in jr's T>p.d.' He complalned'of the draught andreprimanded his attendants. They had.allowed a ourrent of cold air to fall on his conch! Perhaps if the door bad been kept shut, the poet, show ing no signs of animation, would have been buried that day.. Petraroh would have been defrauded of a large portion of his life, and the world would have lost, in consequence, some of its finest sonnets. Misson, inhis "Medical Anecdotes", tells a story of a lady, who, in 1577, was buried alive in Cologne. This lady was the wife of a consul, and was plaoed in the family vault in gay attire with rings on her fingers and a golden chainSround her neok, as on her wedding-day. Bobbers repaired to her grave at dead of night to steal her jewellery, and were taking the rings from her fingers, which were damp and swollen, when the lady awoke, and, sitting bolt upright, as if galvanised, Btared and smiled at her visitors. One of the three men fell down in a fit, feariDg the devil or his agenoy, and the others took to their heels " as if pursued by. fiendB." The lady walked home, and was received by her husband, first with fear, and afterwards with transports of joy, and lived for many a longjday in health and happiness. In the ChurobSof the Holy Apostles, at Co logne, is a picture of the consul's wife waking from the tomb, bat the event is as cribed to a miraole, and death, not a tr ane&, is the subjeot of the pipture. But the resusoitat.ad victim^ of apparent death do not always return sale and sound hale in body and in mind-from the land of shadows. A carabineor in the Pope's ser vice, named Luigi Yittori, was, not long ago, conveyed to the Boman hospital, and there, after a few days' aouto suffering, registered as dead, .his disease being " asthma." A dootor, glanoing at the body, Innoied he de tected signs of life in it. A lighted taper was applied to. the nose, of the carabineer; a mirror was applied to his'mouth ; but all without success. The body was pinohod and beaten;~the taper was again applied, and so often and so obstinately that the nose was burnt, and the patient, quivering iu all his frame, drew short spasmodic breaths-sure proofs, even to a non-professional witness, that the soldier was not altogether dead. The doctor applied other remedies, and in a short time the corpse was doolarod to be a living man. Luigi Tittori loft the hospital to resume MB duties as carabineer, but his nose-a scarred and crimson beaoon on his face-told till he died (whioh was soon after wards) the sad story of his cure in the very jaws of the grave. Stories are told of men who, after sentence of death at the hands of the doctors, rsturned to life blighted in intellect. Some of these victims of medical incapacity ware men of position in sooiety, but others-the great majority-were poor and friendless. Hos pital cases have principally to do with the poor, and in hospitals in warm oountrieB, patients who show Bigns of approaching dissolution are quickly disposed of. Camillo de Lellis, the founder of an order of hospital monks, or brothers of. charity, speaks in his memoirs of the frequency of premature burials in Italy. " Ah, meroiful God 1" he exolaims piously, " how many living men and women are annually taken to their grav«s in this Christian country !" Camillo was of opinion that the victims might be numbered by many soores-nay, by hundreds-in the oourse of a single year. One day, after visiting the beds of the sick in a certain hospital in Lombardy, of whioh the name has bsen left in blank, Camiilo entered the morgue, and ;found strewn upon the floor a great number of corpses, one of whioh was bleeding profusely from the head. A dead man oannot bleed in this way, thought Camillo, and had the body taken to another room, and there examined. The man was alive, and but for an aooident would have reoeived burial. He had been thrown to the ground with some violence a a short timefpreviously, and then and there receiving the wound above alluded to, recovered oopBciouaness. But he only sur vived his sentenae of death three days; he died of the blow which had awakened him from his tranoe. But there are double deaths-twofold burials-which are perhaps the most horrible of all. Society thinks it is burying one per son, but the " deooassd," being a woman, may from the point of view of maternity include two lives, or even more. Gasparo B#jes tells the story of a child born in the tomb whose mother was buried alive. The lady was the wife' of a man of property named Franoosoo OrvalloB, and "died," while far advanced in pregnancy, during her husband's absence. Orvallos, returning home the day after the funeral, had the tomb opened, not beoause he suspected foul play, but beoause he wished to gaze once more on the face of his beloved. Tiie lady was in trath dead, but death had tianspirad in the grave. A child, struggling into existence,'met the gaze of the bereaved hus band, and was removed without difficulty by a medical assistant. The mother was once more consigned to the dust, but the ohild lived to be a man, and carrying till his death the name of " Fruit of the Earth," occupied for several years the post of lieutenant-general on the frontiers of Clierrez. This story is reproduced by the late profesior Comi in his treatise on " Apneology." Those who doubt it have pnly to read tha following account of what is ^called " Involuntary Homicide," whioh happened in the South of Italy (at Castel del Giudics) in November last, and of whioh aocounts were published at the time in the Neapolitan and English papers. 