Theatre Royal, If it be any satisfaction to an author to fool assured that, after his sojourn upon earth has ended, liis works will lire, iind be hold in love, in venoration, and in homage by the poople of all succeeding years, that satisfaction bolongs most supremely to Shakespearo, Great as have been tho pro- ductions of other master minds, and wido as lias beon their fame, none roign so supremely, nono are so stamped upon the hearts of the people, as thoso of the B&rd; of Avon ; and masterpiece and first favorite amongst them all must evor bo the sublime tragedy of 44 Hamlot "—the story of the Princo of Den mark, about which so much controversy has arisen, hut the production of which is always hailed with such delight. It was as the Danish Princo that Mr, William Creswick— who is now almost the last of that brilliant line of tragedians which claimed the Keans, Macready, Mont gomery, and Brooke as its exponents — delighted the play-goers of Hobart Town last ovening. Tho theatre was well filled in every part, Hie Excellency the Governor, accompanied by the members of the Vice- Regal family, and attended by Col. St. Hill, together with many of our leading citizens, honoring the occasion by their presence. To criticise Mr. Creswiok's Hamlet is not an oasy task, but wo neither err nor exaggerate when we pronounce it to bo a perfect study, the work of a man devoted to his art, and who has labored long and earnestly to aohicve tho brilliant fame which I10 can now so juBtly claim. Doubtless, when the groat tragedian first essayed tho character, tlio custom was to represent a gloomy individual, clad in sable garments, who spoke mournfully and wept frequently— but that representation is numbered with the things of the past, and is succeeded by that now study which was presented to us last night, in which wo beheld something natural, some thing probable, something more easily understood. Mr. Creswick, while not a slave' to tradition, has revived many of the eld beauties of the glorious tragedy, and as a result conveys to .us more than any othor actor we havo ever seen, our idea of Shake speare's conception of the character of the Danish princo, and without any attempt at startling readings or novol constructions, places clearly before his nudicnce all tho irresolution, superstition, hastiness, and gentleness— coupled with much philosophy, which wo regard as essential to tlio ren dition of the character. His dross differs but little from that usually adopted by others, except, indeed, that he is consistent in that ho changes his dress in tho fifth act; but his appearance and his wonderful facial expression givo nn astonishingly vivid idea of Hamlet. In tho play scono this wa» particularly noticeable, his foatures then conveying the thoughts which occupied his mind ns fully as any words could do. His uttorancos are excellently modulated, every word and sentence producing its effect, and at times holding his listeners spellbound, For instance, in tho scene in which I10 forbids Ophelia to marry, and tlio wonderful emphasis which ho places upon' his farewoll to her, aro suoh that thoy can not fail to impress every listener; and again, tho portrait he draws of woman— 44 God hath given you one face, and you mako yourselves another; you jig, you amble, and you lisp, aud nickname God's creatures, and make wantonness your igno rance. . , , To a nunnery ; go !" wae a passage which was grand as an elocutionary effort, splendid as an example of what a great mind and ardent study may attain to. To dilate upon all the striking pas- sagos which affect the auditor is impossible in tho limited space at our command ; indeed it would not bo feasible for anyone to do so without frequently having an opportunity of witnessing the performance ; but wo can say that from tho first appearance upon tho boards last evening of the groat tragedian, until tho curtain fell, his acting was one chain of excellently uttered passages, not a word being misplaced, not a sentence losing its effect, and not a single beauty of the ren dition being lost sight of. To a Shakes pearian reader hazy passages woro mado intelligible j to a regular theatre goer was made apparent all the beauties of the Hamlet of. tho old school, blended with many striking passagos of former days> which are now almost obsoleto. Tlio grand prayer scone wasrevived, and yet a judicious alteration in the third act had a wonderful effect. Hamlat's life— his mysteriou life— was given by liimsolf last even ing. We forgot the actor ; for a time we became unconscious of tho existence of Mr. William Creswick, and were carried away completely by the perfection of his rendering of the character of .Hamlet, It is a study such as has never fallen to the happy lot of Tasmanians to enjoy beforo, a representation which, whilst it adds lustre to the author, reflects the highest credit upon the actor, Of the other members of the company wo may spoak upon another occasion ; for the present we need but say that Miss Ashton's Ophelia was a pleasant representation, tha Miss George appeared to be rather over weighted as tho Quean, and that the. other mombors of the company, each and all, con tributed to tho success of . the performance. There is one gentleman,' however, to whom is due more than a passing word of praise; wc allude to Mr. W, J. HolIoway,.who ap peared as the Ghost, His wonderfully deep and powerful voice, liis excellent dress and commanding appoaranco, all aided to render his performance that which it undoubtedly was— an unqualified success, The tragedy was cxcollenfcly mounted, new scenery having been provided, aud the dresses were brilliant and appropriate. Hamlet will bo repeated this evening. 