The Witch of Endor. mt id id We have received a sermon entitled "The Witch of Endor and Modern Spiritualism,' preached in St. Paul's, Melbourne, by William P. Pearce, M.A. The sermon is short, forcible, and possessing a simple grace of style that causes us a sigh over the recollection of certain long-winded inflictions that have added such an unnecessary dolefuleness to many of our Sundays. Mr. Pearce, looking upon spiritism as an un- mitigated sham, is anxious that spiritualists should have no precedent in Scripture for the power they claim of calling back the spirits of the departed from another world. For this purpose he tells the story of Saul's visit to the Witch of Endor, and her calling up the spirit of Samuel to foretell the giant king's doom, and remarks en passant on the similarity of the interview, when toiling through the darkness and silence, Saul reaches the cavern of the Witch of Endor, to that of Macbeth's second mooting with the Weird Sisters. Both kings wanted to hear their fates, not from the witches, but from the spirits whom the witches were supposed to be able to bring up. She of Endor gives Saul his choice of spirits, and he says, "Bring me up Samuel." Macbeth learns his doom from the crowned child - Saul his from the spirit of the dead prophet he has told the witch to summon, and who appears as an old man "covered with a mantle." The prostra- tion of the king on hearing the terrible prophecy of his death and shameful defeat from the apparition was hardly to be wondered at from the effect of bad news on an empty stomach (" for he had eaten no bread all the day, nor all the night"); but the questions of chief interest in the story are -- Did Samuel really appear at all? and, if he did, was he called by the old woman who lived in the cavern and enjoyed such supernatural repute? Mr. Pearce has a very distinct and sensible answor to each. As to Saul seeing tho apparition, he says: " I think the narrativo makes it clear that Saul did not see the ghost, because ho auks tho witch, ' What form is he of ?' and she said, ' An old man cometh up and he is covered with a mantle.' 'And Saul perceived (from her description) that it was Samuol, and ho stooped with his face to tho ground, and bowed himself.' I venture to submit that this account is quito consistent with Saul's never seeing tho ghost at all. Secondly, did the witch see it? Bear in mind that Saul was a persecutor of witches. Bear in mind that Saul had said, 'Bring up Samuel.' Tho woman knew, therefore, whom he wanted to see. She had prob- ably frequently seen Samuel alive, and would, of courso, be able from memory to describe him as 'an old man covored with a mantle,' the usual garment of prophots. Sho would be quito sure that had she admitted hor inability to raiso tho ghost of the man Saul wished to see, she would havo admitted that sho was au impostor ; and that being so, the murderer of the priests would havo thought no moro of killing hor than of crushing a fly. Fear, therefore, may havo led her to invent tho nppoarauoe of the ghost, to retain her power and inlluenco ovor tho king as a witch-as many und many a witch has dono since. " The prophooy of tho apparition prosonts a greater difficulty, us, if the ghost didn't como up, where did the prophecy come from ? The answer is, may it not havo proceeded from tho King's overwrought brain ? lie had boen moro or less mud nil his life, he was weak and exhausted from long fasting, and he was within a fow hours of his doath. Now it lias boen «nid, and by some believed, that the brain, oi ft mau who is about to die, when not clouded or obscured by illness, ¡a moro susceptible of vivid impressions than when in tho midst of lifo. Tho diseased and clouded brain of Saul may have cleared and brightened on the threshold of im- mortality, and tho shadow of his approaching end, and pi th« destruction of bia kingdom, may have, a» it wero, intuitively presented thom solves to his mind, without a visitation fiom the othor world at all. " This fact in psychological science-viz., thatin men and women of that oxcitable, nervoua tom perament which is known as ' hysterical,' tho expectation of a certain result is often sufficient to evoke it-is ably illustrated by Dr. Carponter in his lectures on mesmerism and spiritualism. Saul had made up hil mind-a mind disordered and weakened by intervals of insanity, by mis- fortune, by watching, over-fatigue, and long fasting-Saul had tundo up his mind that he was to hear his fato from the lips of the man whom all his life ho lind feared and believed in, and ho was, in a word, 'self-deceived and spell- bound by the predomiuanco of a self-conceived idea.' " This is a view of the subject which may ho fairly urged, without putting a forced construc- tion on the Scripture account. But if wo take tho other view, viz :-That an appearance, or ghost of Samuol, actually roBe out of the earth, and prophesied to Saul his death and the de- struction of his kingdom, then tho question arises-Waa this appearance the work of God, or of the Witch of Endor ? Now, I for my part don't believe the witch had anything moro to do with it than anyone who is sitting in this church. To begin with : If abo saw Samuel at all, she didn't expect to seo bim, for she "criedwith a loud voice.' This of itself is conclusive to my mind ; but, if it wore not, I am unable to find, either in Scripture or out of it, any authenti- cated instance of power given to man to call back the spirits of tho departed from another world." AVe have no difficulty in agreeing with Mr. Pearce that the witch had no special power, that abo was probably as arrant an old humbug as many spiritualists of tho present day, though with the advantages of more picturesque sur- roundings than our concert-room dominators of the world of spirits. But ia it really necessary to go back to ancient writ to cut the ground from under the feet of such a shallow attempt to trade upon that awe of tho supernatural inherent in all as modern spiritualism ? A voice from the pulpit, though eloquently raised, is hardly needed. Ridicule may be allowed to work the cure of so transparent a sham as one's deceased aunt being summoned to writo rubbish on a slate. We remember attending a seance and being, though unbelieving to the very marrow, rather scared at a cold clammy hand being put into our own under the table in a darkened room, which turned out after to bo a gentleman's foot with a ring on the too. We havo not believed in spiritualism since, and with our easier conscience Bhonld probably have been more sceptical than King Saul of the powers of the Witch of Endor. 