'-.-3^ralÂ.TE SESSION.^ . A ' ' '' it.. «wirnned a very sensible thing for ."îtnnSo homely . comparison to so august a °'f tlf« L«islaüvo Assembly of New South Wiles, *" j members proceed. ¡SíTÍÍSl. Po*er ostensibly to ^.hteTfho affairs of the public departments, and LTÄ osislation as the necessities of the tfrcouiro. Yet they are not patient enough tm \,Tutu the Government has an op-, lo «* unta, !.. .w «"«n at their *mitr lo- do what they expect at their Û and immediately betako themselves Cordering about the Ministers. Wo do not now, ¿prirnteattcmplsto "bullyrag the Premier" «"ttaca are capable of acting so ungentlemaniiko a Äto the instructions which are proposed to e .Znolicv of the Government on any particular S fa3 thelotions which are made to regulate foiWai s of Ministerial administration. Two days Ï h fourincachweek are devoted to private ¡te», »Weh. in other words, often amounts to, £. to lecture or badger the Government. At the Lent time we have an Opposition who do not L anv «ry great eagerness to get into power, and fcannot therefore he expected that they will "precíate, still less he grateful for any suggestion "chwnuldhelp them to office. Were it otherwise. rc should recommend with more earnestness and .'onfidencothan wo can no.v do that bon. members ¡houldgiveup one, if not both, of their "private äavs to the transaction of Government business, to» Government in power would then have a chance oí doing something, which, all things considered, can hardly be «aid to bo the case at present; and, as grave re ¡poMibilitT must attach to everything a Govern- ment does, the risk of defeat, and consequent loss of office, would be much greater than now. There aro fcirLc-nslaturcs whoso members have such »fearful »henty in talking, and it is thereforo to bo expected Out the Tuesday and Friday night debating classes «.HI continue, much to the annoyance of tie large ¡asiority of country members and non-talkers, who «end Parliament simply to do the business for which. iejhaTo been elected. To recite at any length the motions of,the character lo which wcreferwould be no kindness to our readers, but a positive unkindness to lion, gentlemen who hare charge of them, and who doubtless intend to té-introduce them as spring novelties next August or September. Thi9 brief notice of tho late session would, however, ho incomplete, if Ave omitted all reference to the motions ; and henee, without being mnecessarily prolix, we proceed to name thoao of jitercst or importance to the public. Oh the 30th January Mr. Barbour moved that in le opinion of the House it was advisable to stop sa'.cs ivsuctionof country lands for a period of six months ¡rom the passing of the resolution ; but as the House Jetidedby 25 to 12thatthe resolution should not pass motion sales have since that date gone on. The never of the resolution, however, secured a suspen lio'n of the sale of country lands at auction for a jeriodof two months, Government having postponed 'iesiks advertised to allow Parliament to deal with ¡he nutter. Among other motions having reference ¡Uland administration was that of Mr. M'Ulhone's, [or « commission to inquire into tho working of the LsndsDepartmcnt, which, however, he withdrew; and that affirming " that it was contrary to the spirit oi tie Constitution, and dangerous alike to the independ- ence oi members and Ministers of the Crown, that members of the Legislative Assembly should practise the profession of land agents," which ho earned. The question of education has al30 cropped up pretty frequently. On the 12th of February Mr. Greenwood moved,-" 1. That, in the opinion of this House, the existing provision for primary education in this colony is not adequate to the requirements of the public welfare. 2. That as early tis posjibl; a meisure should be introduced by the Government providing for tho compulsory attendance ut State schools, within a reasonable distance, of all children notphysically or mentally incapacitated between the ages ofsiv_and fifteen years, unless receiving suitable instruction elsewhere, or able to read and write; for the abolition of fees for all subjects of instruction included in the compulsory ' standard,' md for the discontinuance, after due notice, of aid from public funds in support of Denominational schools." Sir Henry Parl-.es movfd, by way of amendment, the appointment of a select committee "to inquire into and report upon the working of the Public Schools Act of 18C6, and to collect information is to the character and working of tho educational Itftna of the adjoining colonies and other countries." Ihe mover proposed his resolutions in a speech of considerable ability, and the first night's debate »is.well sustained. The speeches appeared to indicate a marked) growth of opinion in favour of compelling parents to send their children to school. AVhon the debate was resumed, on the !2nd of March, neither Mr. Greenwood nor Sir Henry Parkes was in the Chamber, and both motion and amendment wore negatived without division. A motion by Mr. M'Elhono to build and furnish Provisional schools at the public expense was rejected bl « votes to 0 on the 19th Fehruarv; and a «non moved hy Mr. M'Culloeh on tho 16th April was agreed to, in virtue of which the Council of Education are required to met weather sheds at Public schools without peoinding contributions from private sources. It «rodd be n fortunate thing for the health and comfort «tie little folks if means had been also devised for girting their playgrounds with shade trees. The quatton of ventilation in Publie schools has also been wry brierly discussed by Dr. Bowker and others "»nug tlie late session. What with bad air, bad wier, forms ^th(mt back3> and piayt,rotulds ^ithout »«Me, there is reason to fear that Young Australia is »«made anything like as comfortable at school as he "»git be, if loc»l boards and the Council of Education cremore mindful of his physical requirements. On the 3rd of May, Mr. AVindeyer's resolutions, 'equating that provision be made upon the Estimates "Une year 1S79 lor the establishment of Grammar n,v ",Maitlana' Goulburn, and Bathurst wera »»«umou.ly agreed to. The second of these résolu WU1ívdthat provisitm be ma<lc't0 the «tent of ¡Sir» lduCation o£^"°T3 for ñve years in ^Grammar Schools of tho eolony-the boys to «Wected annually by competitive examination from "«schools under the supervision of tho Council verrit> r°n;Mdi0r the ed««ti«»>. ia the Uni bv «L0. ..fiVe hoys> t0 te annually Beîected B'&S; T\eSamination from ** Grammar "Mit-boys whoso abilities, in the opinion of the 5&" ^"desirable that they should receive «eiivuiuge of a Universitv education. , a. motion (proposed by Mr. Hurley; of Hartley) for SÄ7°,ilUndaya£ternoonsW£3 «"«a, on ¿ft \\* mRJ°rity °* 19 to 12. It was ClLTtU "P?1"^* the movement out of ^Bow; but*Z U!w WaS Bm.USsled thrOUSh a >T the W ...that was a mistake was proved .*¿lJw? Í ""^"^ to defray the Sn"Ä5.t0 thB *"* °f th03eÍn3tÍtU" 'ÄS ^.^««¿Whis moüon-for » ÏÏ thTtS ° *" m t0 rtolish the du* ?^toliTenT. y *" H0USe' when ^ ^-'PpCnSÄ11^0863- The âa"gerof tt« Sírf *"aa4T Iu% recognised by ^^«dttpon^J0 *e><^*l or otherwise Btt''i».ablT^efreulatioas Which "» Govern. ' to-&M0;«--<» th. »ubject. .Ia tho latmtRuTVo'ck' drill the Cfovemmcñtjnay^obtaüi'ii I very valuable, aid ,to- prospecting; and on different occasions during the sealion the desirability ot employing that machine for ascertaining the geo- logical «trata of auriferous country was insisted oui Motions were placed on the paper, having reference to railway extension, those for a railway from Wallera- wang to Mudgee, and from Redfern to the Circulir Quay being among tho number. These were with- drawn, it being undenstood that tho Government would include them in the general scheme of railway extension to be submitted next 'session. Mr. Suther-.' land's motion for continuing the railway from Tamworth to Tenterfield, via the neighbourhood of Armidale, was briskly opposed by Mr.' Dillon, and a few other gentlemen who thought the route via Inverell preferable, but was carried by a majority of. 30'to 9. Mr. Gray's motion for the construction of the line - of railway from Sydney to. Illa- warra gave rise to two of the warmest debates of the session. Tho supporter» of that line have been strongly reinforced since the last Parlia- ment ; but although the member for Illawarra was able to obtain on each oc casion a small majority for going into committee, yet when ho got into committee ho was virtually defeated by a majority of one, the Houso having resumed without progress being re- ported on the part of the committee. The Houso has on more than one occasion aimed to imitate the House of Commons; and on the 3rd of May unanimously followed Mr. Cameron's lead for the establishment of a Hansard. The New South AVnles Parliament, in common with those of the other Australian colonies, is therefore to have an oflicial I record of Parliamentary oratory. The desire to see themselves in print seems to be a weakness of all popular assemblies ; but it remains to be seen whether the talkers are not doomed to be disappointed, unless indeed they follow the convenient practice adopted in tho publication of the United States Congressional Record, where Congress-men I and senators often do their own reporting. The Philadelphia Telegraph of March Cth says: '. The litcord to-day contains fourteen solid pages of .speeches which purport to have been delivered on the President's veto in the House, but which were never ^delivered. They are from AValker, of Virginia ; Crittenden, of Missouri ; Clark, of New Jersey ; Rea, of Missouri ; Baker, of Indiana ; Caldwell, of Ken- tucky ;' and Slemons, of Arkansas. Mr. Crittenden'« speech, although purporting to have been delivered on the day tho Silver Bill wa» passed over the veto, refers to extracts from tile New York papers of the next day, which stamps the bogus character of his effort at once. Mr. Slemons opens his speech by declaring that he will occupy but a moment of the time of the House, in order to make his remarks appear to have been actually delivered. After pretend- ing to speak of the ocean cables that were livid with lightning flying through caves from Continental Europe with congratulation« over the veto, the Arkansas membor concludes with genuine Mississippi Valley eloquence, as follows :-' It will bo pleasing in the future, when those who have so long plundered the people are damned and sitting like ghosts along the wailing shore, to read the story of their crimes by the rod glare of hell ; to remember that they once had a good time, and for their comfort I submit a tabular statement which will refresh their memory.' Over 100 columns of this bogus debate are yet to come." Mr. ¡speaker, or whoever is the respomible editor, will need to be vigilant, if the publication of our ¿Record tend to inflame hon. members to such red hot flights of rhetoric as tills. The question of pensions has been discussed in the debates which Mr. Charles had to encounter at every stage before he succeeded in pulling through his motion to give Mrs. Plunkett a pension ; and after the emphatic rcjecdon by the House of Mr. Taylor's motion to refund deductions made in the saluries and wages of Government employees, in the years 1871 and 1872, the Civil servants will probably bo content to write oif the amounts alleged to be due as a bad debt. Anyway, a division of 31 to 10 is not encouraging. In obtaining the approval of Parliament to the ratification of the modified contract with the Pacific Mail Company for the conveyance of our postal matter via New Zealand and Honolulu, the Uovem ment may be congratulated upon having disposed of a long standing obligation ; and it was satisiactory to observe from the speech of the Postmaster-General that the Pacific route is growing in public favour and decreasing in public cost. A Woman Burned to Death.-The Argus of Mon- day contains a telegraphic report from Sandhurst, dated the day before giving details of a horrifying calamity to a woman of that town. The writer states that about 1 o'clock this (Sunday) morning, constables Fox and Cantwell noticed flames proceeding from a house in Hargrave-street, and as they found the front door unfastened, they entered the premises. The door of the back room being locked they burst it open, when they discovered the roora to lie in flnmes. A lamp was" burning on the table, and in front of the fire they found a woman lying in a most horrible state, us she was a mass of flames, and her clothes were almost completely burned off her. The ceiling and mantel- piece were in flames, which the constables'quickly extinguished. They then wrapped the poor creature in a sheet and blanket, and conveyed her in a cab to the hospital, On examination at that institution itwasïound that the'whole of the skin from the forehead down to her ankles was literally roasted, whilst the back of her'thighs and calves of her legs were charred black. Her injuries were attended to, and sha was put to bed, and lingered until 6 o'clock this morning m great agony, when she died. It hu« been ascertained that it was a woman named Mary Ann Bray, who was acquitted at the City Police Court last Monday of a charge of larceny, and has since been living'in the house in which she' was found with a Mrs. Johnson, who was absent on Saturday night. It is supposed that tho unfortunate woman was under the influence of drink at the time, that she fell off a chair, and that the fire, in the grate i ignited her clothes. ' The Law as to Billsiop Exchange.-A legal ques- tion of considerable importance to the commercial community was raised at Melbourne last week in the case of the Bank of Victoria!v. .Siey wright, heard in the Supreme Court. The Argus, in' auA-erting to it, observes that the defendant wns sued bv the bank a», tho acceptor of a bill of exchange. It did not appear that thero was any dcfenco'on tile merits ; but a non- suit point was taken by the counsel for the defendant, that the bill was not properly accepted, inasmuch as ' the words "accepted" and "payable" werein print instead of m wiitin;*, as thelnstruments and ¡Securities, Statute requires. The Chief Justice, before whom the proceedings were brought, declined to withdraw the case from the jury, who'found for the plaintiff, but gave-the defendant leave to apply for a nonsuit in order that the matter might be argued befóte the full Court. As far as the legal tribunals of this colony are, concerned, therefore, the matter is still unsettled; but a similar point has been.dealt with by the English Courts, and in fact it is what haB tran- spired at home that lina suggested tho doubt here as to the legality of a practice which'had never before been questioned. Iii the appeal case of Hindhaugh v. Blukeley the Court of Common Pleas was called upon to deeiu'ei whether the defendant, who had simply .written .his name across a bill of exchange, without having used any words amounting to a statement that ho accepted the bill, was liable. Judgment was given onMarch 2,byMr. Justice Denman, who pointed out that under the statute 19 and 20 Viet., cap. 97, sec. 6, it was enacted that "no acceptance of any bill of exchange shall be sufficient to bind or charge any persbii unless the same is in writing on such bill, and signed by the, acceptor or some person duly authorised by him." Tho Court held that it was im- possible that a mere signature of a name could be held toTulftl the double requirements that the acceptance should he in writing on the bill and signed by the acceptor. The decision of the inferior Court in favour of the defendant was therefore uphold, and the appeal dismissed. . Though the cases are not precisely similar, the English decision, it will doubtless be argued, has a bearing 'here, since printed words onahill of ex- chango may possibly be held, having in view the language of the Instrument« and Securities Statute, as equivalent to no words at all. After what has tran- spired at home, Victorian tradeis will be likely,,ataU events, to be moro particular than they havo hitherto been in dealing with bills of exchange, and without waiting for directions from the Courts here, will take care that in future the words " Aocepted, payable,". &c;, shall bo in writine and not in print. 