A MISERABLE CHRISTMAS DAY. (falling spirits.) Some years back not so very many either when I was the newest of new chums late from London, I had the misfortune, being then newlyTwrived: in Brisbane, to have the " tip," a true tip, tray, of a newly-discovered gold-field up north, then only known to a few knowing hands, amongst whom I could hardly reckon myself. easy l' misfortune," because had it not bcW for my " very earliest information I should have gone northwards comfortably by steamer, with the less well informed here instead of making for my El Dorado by devious ways, resulting in a twelve hundred miles ridden the sorriest of screws, picked up a bargain of course, which was not even mettlesome enough to wear shoes. When I recall thjgjt^undertaking J fully appreciate the trutfeH the adage, that " fools rush In where angels fear to tread' The gentle reader need have no fear, however, of my inflicting on him' a description of my nearly three months ride through the bush In Just off suddesfwealth. 1 will simply say in theshortestof wnplets :- s -, -st went for weaKb, \- - - . - And lost o>y health. that! the mere recollection of that bit of over landing makes one shudder. Suffice it to say that after, through sheer ignorance, roughing it in a way which would turn the most hardened bushman hair grey, I arrived at my destination, a of thern gold-field, which I need not more definitely indicate than by saying that in royale, its town could boast, several Streets crowded with buildings more or less palatial every other one being an hotel but which now possesses but a single building, a telegraph station in which the unhappy occupants have, from time to time, to stand regular siege of the noble savages who infest the neighbourhood. \- My object in going to what we will call Northerton, waste buy gold-there were no banks in that region then. I had the necessary knowledge of the business, and I flattered myself that I could tell bogus nuggets and brass gold dust from the genuine articles ; but I was not successful in my undertaking for all that.. Quite the contrary ; although I have the satisfaction of feeling that I was never once taken in-and for a very good reason. I did not buy gold, simply because there was no gold to buy. The field which, at the best, only found employment for gully makers, and had been worked out by the first comers long before I, with my early information and circuitous route, reached it. As I nodeinythe bulk of the population rode out, that is, those who could afford the luxury, for it must be remarked that the majority of the large population there were at one time four thousand people on the field were reduced to that mode of progression which is most abhorrent to-all Australians-walking. I soon lost my horse four of them other- wise I should have gone with the stream and it was at the end of three weeks' hunt, ?h^Umetwitf^^.: WRETCHED CHRISTMAS DAY'S AD at-., 9 _ ADVENTURE. "During"" my three 'weeks' compulsory stey^in^h&goeighbourh;&od; of Northern "tóní^jSaw the wretched remnant of gold seekers clear , out. I don't mean that I was the only white man left. In the course of scouring the country round I would meet an occasional wight in the same predicament as Myself, looking for horses, and at these times we would mutually give information as to the whereabouts of our animals which, though, well meant, in variably led us on a wild goose chase- There were also a few diggers in odd places trying to make a sufficient rise to take them down south. It was with a pair of such hopes against hope that my Christmas story has to do. As my humble roof consisted of nothing but a chattily tent, I was in the habit of shifting my quarters almost at a moment's notice, according as, " from information re ceived'VIfanciedlmight J>e near the pastures which my brutes were supposed to affect. -My last camp was on the top of the high bank of the river which gives Norther- ton its name, and which, when I first set up my tent there could boast several genial household, 'or tent-holds, including one party of Highlanders, whose jovial conversation the greater part of which by- the-bye, to me, as a southern, tonight just as well have been, Greek, beguiled many an otherwise weary hour. I remained long enough, however, to see the gleaming white tents reduced to skeletons, and myself, like Robinson Crusoe, the nttmarch.~o£all-i>snrveyed, that is, on. my Subsp the river, which,. I may remark en passant, was only a river on the lucus a non lucendo principle of having no water in it, «xcjgtpn thuggery rare occasions when it was flooded by rains to the very tops of its bank. I had neighbours on the other side, .bewff/ejK, These were Charley, the Dane, .s^iáVfltsJrry, aÄtEnglishman--I, never knew ^s¥by>any^ottier-naraes-^who had located themselves in the dry bed just opposite my . coign of vantage fron which could, literally look down upon them. ' Morally, I looked up to thggl^ith sanguine feeling of envy. Their contest \ajàtstf*r business was such a reproof to my idleness that I occasionally felt as if I ? must throw ,fflYiffi\\*jn^ajpna^ar both of them, I fear spades and pickaxe away, and incontinently scoop out the first handy gully. From "est^tfcjpvyto eastward- theatres men -, brei/naftifg before daylight wind sup- aftertnigttiadset in. They had dis red a'gutl^whfch yon "-showed colour," it did little, more, and this they turned over and'ttttpbltfrT'iherV being no water handy, until one would have imagined that their lungs must have given out. , In tan very early morning, while I lay on > Wayback in a state of drowsy contemplation, these two men would wash up their; scanty utensils, and, shouldering their tools, make their way to my, side of Mia river, climb; the steep bank, and, afterredmining in sight for a few seconds, disappear down the side of a ravine, and so betake themselves, to their poor gully some three quarters of a mile off. and I will take this opportunity, of other serving, that by nature lam unroihahtftc, not' a ghost seer, and an unbeliever in spiritualism. No matter of fact indeed am I, that I should consider it hopeless to apply to any ' bench for a poetical license. This observa- ' tion is necessary, as otherwise what follows will only- appear to other matter-of-fact people the effect of a strong imagination or still Stronger drink. Drink, in the anti-Good j Templar Sense, there was none and my , imagination, as I have said, had never yet played are tricks I must further say that the event I am about to relate is not a mere Christmas tale, but a genuine fact which will, never be effaced from my memory, though I doubt my power to relate it in such a manner as to make the reader understand what my feelings were at the time. On Christmas Eve, then, I was sleeping soundly in my tent, when I was suddenly awakened by a cry which seemed to make my heart Stand still. After a few moments, during which I felt almost paralysed, I sat up in my stretcher bathed in perspiration. As soon as I could recall my scattered senses I jumped out of bed and going outside my tent, looked around me. The stars were shining brightly overhead, and there was not a movement to break the stillness of the night. A glance across the river satisfied me that nothing had disturbed my neigh, boon and Iconldonly conclude, as no doubt was the case, that what I had heard was the hideous screeching of some night fowl. I returned to my bed, but by no means easy in my mind, my nerves being quite unstrung, and I lay awake for hours with the screech of that horrible bird of ill-omen ringing in my ears. And I saw a vision, or something to which materialists, perhaps, would give a much more commonplace name, and this is what I saw-saw as palpably as though it had been broad daylight, and myself in my ordinary sober senses : I saw Charley the Dane. 1 say, I saw, as distinctly as I see the pen in my hand at the present writing, Charley the Dane lying dead on his back in the ravine which lay on the right of my tent. There he was a palpable reality, against which T seasoned in vain. I argued to myself that if I could only get to sleep the horrible vision would disappear. I counted up to 1 know [not how many thousands. I traced my way, I in imagination, through well-remembered streets in the great city which I had so lately left, but to no purpose : the body of the dead Dane always obtruded itself. At last, exhausted nature had its way, and I fell into a calm sleep, awaking, as usual, just in time to see my neighbours putting away their breakfast apparatus. The sight of them in no way recalled my hideous waking night- mare, and it was with a feeling of agreeable languor that I saw the pair, after shouldering pick and shovel, notwithstanding that it was Christmas morning, cross the river bed, mount the steep bank, appear in my neighbourhood for the space of a second or two, and then disappear down the ravine. When I had seen the last of them, I turned over on my side, determined to snatch another hours' sleep before starting on my monotonous horse hunt. I had scarcely, however, settled myself comfortably, before I heard hurried footsteps approaching my tent, and almost before I could rise I saw the usually jolly face of my English neighbour at the slit of the tent pale, haggard, and distorted, apparently, by some great fear. Panting for breath, he jerked out "For God's sake, come to the gully. I think my mate's dead." Before he had got the words fairly out of his mouth my waking dream flashed upon me like a re- velation. Hurrying on my clothes, I followed Harry to the ravine. There, at the bottom, in the very spot, and in the very position in which I seen him in my vision, lay the body of Charley the Dane. His gully raking for a starvation wage ended for ever through the merciful means of apoplexy. The only digging on a gold-field I ever attempted was on this occasion, when the dead man's mate and I dug the lonely grave in which we laid, wrapped in a blanket, the poor remains of Charley the Dane. I could not pity the man who had been so suddenly robbed of life. In my then frame of mind I felt that he had made a gain rather than a loss ; but for his bereaved mated use the word bereaved advisedly 1 felt sincere pity. Such genuine grief I never saw. It was of the kind that is not easily cured, and I have reason to know that in his case it never was cured, but that almost from the day of Charley the Dane's death, his long-while companion, who had been the steadiest of the steady, became a confirmed drunkard, and an utterly ruined being. As regards the premonition I received of the event which I have related, I offer no opinion. I can only repeat, in sober earnest- ness, that the scene was enacted for me twice over. Psychologists could, no doubt, find fifty reasons for the phenomenon ; I cannot -find one ,, 