) OUR AMATEUR THGATRICALS - AT 'J ) BOGLONa. / lie jests at sears mho neoerfelt a mouncL — ROJIEO. v Onk of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / oif Boolong, had of his youtlif ul days, he used to declare, y was when he made his first and only appearance as |au \ actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment athis \ own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad C conceived that he was born to be an actor— to tread the / boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it y was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar debut. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney \ managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing ( red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" f . at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the f bull by the horns" and get u;) company of his own down ) at his place at Boolong. . He went to enormous expense )) 111 building a small, theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having \ scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do the C thing well and in tip-top style. Hs got together a kind f of scratch company,, many of them lilce himselll, raw am-: / bitious amateurs, eager "to fret their hour upon the ) stage," 'and one or two see ly outcasts of the. profession; \ and- he looked forvyard to the pro luctiou of his pet play, \ !' Harniet," himself as the Prince, with much e.xcitemeut, iioturiailoyed with. pleasure. The' amateurs, after about a J -month's constant rehearsal, were' pretty perfect in their \ Words 'before the curtain went up, but after it did most of r them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was J Tntpxicated, and the AT/'ay . likewise ; Ophelia, an amateur, \ burst into a nervous fit. of tears before she said a dozen 'lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who ) assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this \ was not the worst, for Banbury fonnd;that when the bills / came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, J and he could not meet them. " The fellows,'" he used to say, \ " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on credit, because / they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- y ist, would pay them, but I knew very well he would do no V such thing when he found they were for theatrical ti'ap- f pings, for if there was one thing he held in abhorrence it ) was the theatre." What was he to do ? His uncle would f disinherit him, turn him out of the house he had furnished / for him, and send him adrift on the world. What was he S to do ? His creditors would not wait and he would he a C miserable pauper. But for all this he did not lose his / house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his y name, thanks to the timely aid of one mho is a friend to the drama as mell as to the rest of the mo rid, who advanced f him the needful. Need we say his name. No ; all know \ him! But we may as w(jll remark it was the ehampion ( of the distressed, ' DAVID HENRY;- of 52 Collins street east, J Who has from £5 to jBlO.OOO to lend. on notes of hand, bills J of sale (with or without security), salary ordhrs, life C policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, y merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- \ sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., , r repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. J Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and \ mortgages from 6 per cent. 