LITERATURE The Storyteller. The Proggleton Cup. WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER. CHAPTER II. FORCING THE PACE. BY DRAMINGO. THE third night after Jack's arrival it was full moon, and, enticed by the beauty of the night, we sat smoking on the verandah until the small hours were almost upon us. Wilmot retired first, followed by Ayington —the ladies having been gone for some time. I commenced another cigar, and after favoring Proggleton with mono* Byllabic answers for some time had the satis* faction of seeing that worthy take his departure, and leave me the sole occupant of the verandah. There was not a cloud visible, nor a breath of wind stirring, yet the night was comparatively cool; so calm was it that the flowers in the garden seemed really sleeping, and you could almost imagine that they would wake with a i/l-dao -ttfart if you went and touched one of dm. I thiuk I must have been asleep too, airtVmy cigar was out, and on looking at my waMh found it was half-past 2 o'clock, when the sound of voices aroused me. Just for a second 1 heard them, some little distance away, and seemingly speaking in an undertone, but the night was so wondrous still that the slightest sound was audible. After listening some time I could hear nothing more, so concluded that it was some of the men talking in one of the huts a short distance away. Throwing my lifeless cigar on to the grass, I was on the point of rising when I became aware of the fact that somebody was walking towards the house. Wondering much who it oould be at such a time, I remained quiet. This late visitor approached the gate of the garden, and after a minute's hesitation, and apparent examination of the premises, entered and came to the front of the house. Seated as I was in the shadow of the verandah, and partly hidden by a passion-fruit vine, I was invisible ; but the intruder, standing on the little lawn in the white moonlight, was as plainly to be made out by me as if it had been the brightest noon. He was a stranger, a young-looking man, dressed like' any ordinary traveller or sojourner in bushland, carrying in one hand a riding whip, in the other a white pocket-handkerchief; this last he displayed in a very ostentatipus manner, almost as though it were a signal he was waving. Concluding that it must be somebody who had business on the place, but was unwilling to dis turb all the household at such an unseasonable hour, I was about to make my presence known, when another actor appeared on the stage. This person catae out of the honse and advanced to the middle of the verandah ; this person was a woman, but so muffled up in a long wrapper as to be almost disguised ; this person made angry gestures to the man outside to go away, and, throwing a piece of crumpled paper towards him, vanished back into the house as silently as she had appeared. This person—unless my brain was wandering—was Mrs. Peechy. I don't think any of the other ladies could have achieved the graceful sweep with which she turned—fortu* irately away from the direction where I wasseatod, an Interested, if bewildered, spectator. The stranger picked up the piece of paper, looked at it closely by the moonlight, and walked away. Should I follow him ? Out' bmot He would hardly tell me his business, and although in one setose I had a right to ask it, in another I had not; for evidently Mrs. Peechy had some sort of knowledge of him, and if she chose to transact business at half-past 2 in - the morning, why who can baulk a fair lady's inclinations? Certainly it was not an amorous assignation : the coldest lover would hardly have gone away contented with such a hasty and distant interview, particularly when there was apparently no fear of interruption. Thinking that Mrs. Peechy would in all pro* lability be awake, and remembering with what awful distinctness sound is conveyed through a silent house at night, I—not wishing her to know that I had witnessed her strange interview— took off my boots, and stole to bed like a ghost. But I had noted the man's face well, and, having a little talent for sketching, I drew his likeness from memory in my sketch-book the next morn* ing, and succeeded rather happily so far as I could remember. He was a good-looking fellow, with a certain flash air about him ; looked as if he was a constant attendant at race meetings and other places where horsey men most do con* gregate. Who so fresh and dibonnaire at the breakfast table the next morning as the smiling young widow ? Apparently not a thought or care had put a mark on the eyelids that enshrined those bright eyes, or traced a line on that smooth forehead. Proggleton was in great force; she was especially gracious to him that morning, and, in spite of all the doubts that harassed me, I was proportionately jealous. Being in this spiteful frame of mind, I took a very mean revenge, that makes me blush to re* member. We happened to be alone in the draw ing-room shortly after breakfast, and I drew her attention to a book of engravings. She walked right into my trap. " Mrs. Wilmot says that you sketch, Mr. Mas* cham. I should so like to see your sketches ; will you show me some of them 1" This in her archest manner. Muttering some feeble protests, I produced the little book and handed it to her. She com menced turning over the leaves, commenting in the usual style of a lady critic : "And this is Cumbeannah from the plain ! Oh ! what a dear little cow 1 How nicely you have this, but," *fee. She was now almost at the pnge on which I had that morning sketched the likeness of her nocturnal visitor, and the next instant turned the leaf. The fidelity of the sketch to the original was guaranteed, for she turned white to the lips, and I felt as mean as a man could feel at seeing it, and knowing that I had caused it She quickly recovered her courage, and, making no attempt to disguise that she had been hard hit, closed the book, and, handing it back to me, looked straight into my eyes coolly and boldly. " Do your wont," that look seemed to aay ; " I will explain nothing; I defy and disdain you !" Under her gaze the thought crossed me, How unwarrantably cruel I bad been to let her know that I had witnessed her interview that morn* ing; to have seen which any of the laughing girls on the verandah would have given me one of their pretty little ears. • I took the book back, and her hand with it. " Trust me," was all I oould say for apology, but she seemed to understand that I meant that her secret was safe, for she pressed my hand, and genuine tears of wounded pride came into her eyes as she turned away. I put the sketch-book carefully under look and key, and joined Wilmot, Avington, and Proggleton, who were talking on the verandah, feeling that in more ways than one I had made a false step. Jack was just commencing an old Indian yarn, apropos of something that I had not heard, . . . " Well he was about the coolest fellow I ever met. Once he received what he considered a very impertinent letter from a firm in business, under the name of Peake and Allen, actually re questing payment of their account which had only been outstanding three years. He was of course very indignant at such presumption, and replied as follows :—' Gentlemen, —I am aston ished and grieved in no slight degree at the tone of your letter, especially as the fact of your not having been paid rests entirely with yourselves. Some years ago I determined to pay off my debts alphabetically, and had you started in business as Allen and Peake, instead of Peake and Allen, your account would long since have been settled. As it is, I am afraid you will have to wait some little time, as I have not yet succeeded in liqui dating further than the letter B. And at that letter I believe he stuck." " And I suppose took care never to deal with a firm whose name might endanger hi* assets," said Wilmot "Did I ever tell you about Macgruffin's widow f" asked Proggleton. "No I I should like to hear it," said Aviagton with suspicious warmth. " Do any of you know Macgruffin f M As if any of us would know a man withsuch a name 1" Now, as Proggleton is not a very eu phonious appellation, this was a trifle rude, but you must have noticed, dear reader, that a man under the influence of the tender passion is very often rude. " Well, Macgruffin was a fellow " "So I presume," said Avington blandly, " but I thought you were going to tell us about his widow. If the man was alive it must have been his wife." " No, it was another man's wife who " "Then what business had he with another man's wife ?" " No, no, another man's widow." "But I thought you said it was Maegruffin'a widow T "Wait till yon hear," protested Proggleton. " We used to call her Mao's widow bsuaase "—— \ • " Are you sure she was a widow t" I asked. " Sure ?of course. Macgruffln's widow was the name she went by." " Then what was her real name t" asked Jack. " 0 do get on," said Wilmot, " I'm so inter* estod." " But they keep interrupting me," replied the ' millionaire, who was getting excited. , *' What is the matter, Mr. Proggleton t" said Mrs. Wilmot, who just then joinedus. " Mr. Proggleton is going to tell us an amus ing story, and we were delaying him till you were here to hear it," returned Jack. "I shall be delighted," said our fair hostess, " if Mr. Proggleton will allow me to make one of his audience." But that gentleman had turned sulky, and de clined to satisfy our curiosity. It had just dawned across him that Jack had been bantering him, and the Padisha- like airs that he hsd been giving himself lately had elevated him to such a height in his own imagination that he oould not brook such treatment, and stalked away to find consolation at the hands of Miss Vanessa Minchin. The girlß had got their riding-habits on, and we were about starting for a ride as soon aa Mrs. Peeohy put in an appearance. This she did almost directly, and looked so well in the dress that so very few women can wear with impunity that Proggleton immediately deserted Miss Vanessa— ntuoh to that young lady's disgust, and pushed forward to assist Mrs. Peechy to mount Greatly to his surprise, his services were declined, Avington being the lucky man selected for the duty. This surprised me, for Jack and the widow had not become very intimate during his short stay. However, the fair ones having been safely got to horse, we started. Proggleton was rather out of temper, for I had taken his place with the lately-deserted Vanessa. Her sister Rhoda and the Delbanty were riding one on each side of Wilmot, and, to judge by their merry laughter, being most successfully entertained by him. Avington and Mrs. Peechy had dropped some ' what behind, so he was for a time an unhappy odd man until Miss Delhanty beckoned him to join her in a canter. "Dear me!" exclaimed my companion about half-an-hour after we had started, "how slowly Mr. Avington and Mrs. Peechy are riding." I looked around, and certainly the pair in question did not seem in any hurry to dimini«fr the distance that separated them from the rest of the party—seemed rather bent on increasing it "Piqued by Jack's indifference, and trying to bring him in captive," was the mental conclusion I arrived at, so dismissed the subject from my mind and devoted myself to the sprightly Va nessa, who was really a very nice girl—apart from the common failing of her sex, —and for that she had to blame the accident of her birth. " Are you a good actor ?" Baid Miss Vanessa suddenly, as if inspired by a hasty thought "Not particularly so," I replied; "but why do you ask ? What recent act of hypocrisy have you detected me in ?" " I don't mean socially speaking ; you are not at all a good actor there," and she glanced archly back at the pair behind us as though to point the thrust. " What I mean is in private the* atricals. As you know, we are all going over to Munderabba for the races they are about to get up there, and this morning were talking of trying something of the sort at night, if you gentlemen will put your services at our disposal." " Mine you may be sure are always at your disposal." " Don't mistake me for Mrs. Peechy. But do you think that Mr. Proggleton could act ?" " Yes ; act the part of a bear," I said savagely. " That's rude. He'a a very nice fellow, and why you should all pretend to run him down I can't understand." " He's such a favorite amongst you ladies that we are jealous of him." " I really believe that is the reason, although you only spoke in jest. But to return to our former subject: Will you act ?" " Yes, if I am wanted, and you are going to be one of the company." "Mrs. Peechy is, which will be a greater at traction for you." " And who are the others 1" 41 Well, we reckoned on you, Mr. Avington, and Mr. Proggleton. My sister does not care about acting, and Miss Delhanty could not remember ten words of a part" " But will none of the others at Munderabba be available T " No ; we shall have no opportunity to rehearse with them, so we must get-our material here." " Well, lam always at your command,and I can answer, I think, for Mr. Avington. Mr. Proggle ton will doubtless be only too glad ; there's a character in ' She Stoops to Conquer* would suit him admirably." " Spiteful again. How jealous you must be of his favor with Mrs. Peechy." "At anyrate Jack is in a good place in. that race at present" "Yes, they seem to have a very engrossing topic behind there. Let us canter on, then perhaps they will follow." There was to be a display of social fireworks at Munderabba, the station where Mrs. Peechy had charge of the education of the rising genera tion. Pionio races were to be the order of the day, and we were all going over in a body. ° Our neighbors there, Mr. and Mrs. Blackstock, were a very worthy couple, with a tendency to put on " side ;" but it wan a harmless failing, and we all liked them very much. Mrs. Blackstock always had a pet subject for the time being, to bore people with, and just now it was her aston ishing good luck in obtaining the services of Mrs. Peechy to educate her daughters. True, it was a pity tbat the widow could not play ; but still her daughters were very young, and in every thing else Mrs. Peecby was far above the average; and as for her French, her accent was of the purest As neither Mrs. Blackstock nor her hus band understood a word of French, I was rather puzzled to know how they had determined the purity of Mrs. Peechy's accent. But what had evidently been the substantial foundation upon which Mrs. Blackstock had erected her temple of admiration of Mrs. Peechy was the aristocratic nature of the testimonials Bhe had produced— brought with her from England. They had, to use an Americanism, quite "fetched" Mrs. Blackstock. First there was one from Baron Blumenthal, written in such marvellously bad English, and in such a scrawling hand, that no body could read it Next, the Countess of Turn . berly's handwriting bore witness to the pain with which the countess had parted with Mrs. Peechy. There were several more, all titled names, that Mrs. Blackstock showed me one day in a fit of confidence ; but one signed " Jean Vicomte d'Abord " attracted my attention, because I felt certain that I had seen the handwriting before— when or where I could not recall, but I was con vinced that I knew it; however I said nothing, but quite agreed with Mrs. Blackstock as to the high value of the treasure she possessed. Men are curiously constituted in one particular —that is, that let a woman once establish herself in your fancy, and no amount of mystery en shrouding the objeot of devotion will shake your fealty. A sort of innate loyalty to the clay fashioned idol of one's own making keeps one from accepting anything except the most unmistakable testimony. So it was with me at this time; the widow had thrown the spell of her brown eyes over me; and, though I felt that there must be something very strange in her antecedents, I still used to admit to myself at times that it was on the cards that I might make a fool of myself. Our rehearsal now became the amusement of everybody. We had Wilmot as prompter and general stage manager, and the ladies who were not going to act as an audience. Miss Vanessa, being a clever girl, came out very well, but as for Mrs. Peechy—she was the admiration of every body. Her impersonation of character was cer tainly good, but her knowledge of stage business was the great secret of her success. She made every point tell, and knew exactly where to place herself so as to make them of the greatest advan tage. But Proggleton was immense! Avington and I entered into a solemn compact to fool him to the top of his bent, and we succeeded to per fection. We did it of malice aforethought, and the womenfolk aided and abetted—doubtless with ulterior motives, but still in a manner that kept the Victorian in a state of self- complacency it would have been hard to shake the foundation of. In the last scene of the little comedy we were rehearsing he bad to fight a duel with Avington, and in this situation he really fancied himaolf. He used to march to his place as though he was the ghost of Hamlet's father amalgamated with Lord Chesterfield, and extend his arm with a look of gallant determination on his face that fairly convulsed poor Jack, and put him hora de combat before the fatal shot was fired. However, it all went down Bplendidly; the women kept their countenances to perfection, and Proggleton became convinced that he had missed hu vocation in not taking to the stage earlier in life. It was a very fair rase between Vanessa and the widow at this period; as Wilmot expressed it, the betting was level, and he'd put his money on either horse. But I must say that my feel ingß at the time were not enviable. I have already taken the reader into my confidence as to the true state of my inclinations ; but I was sedulously striving to keep my partner and Avington in the dark. They both thought that I had a fancy for a desperate flirtation with the widow; but noither gave me credit for the deeper emotions that were plaguing me. And so the time drew on for the noes at Munderabba, only one noticeable event ooourring in the mean* time. In the duel Mene we had to use revolvers, they being the only stege property available. One afternoon soon after lunoh we strolled out a short distanoe from the house, and were amußing ourselves with s little pistol practice ; presently the ladies joined us, and some of them expressed a desire to try their bands at shooting. Miss Delbanty was the first to take pistol in hand, and, with many affected little screams and starts, put us all in mortal terror of our lives until Wilmot steadied her wrist, and the revolver and a shriek were discharged together. Miss Vanessa, sup ported by Proggleton, made a very fair shot at a big gum tree, whioh was tyed by Mrs. Peechy, and, as none of the others wished to distinguish themselves as marksmen, Miss Vanessa and Mm. Peechy had another trial of skilL Really it was, above all, a capital study to note the two women ; and, in the cynical frame of mind I then was, I enjoyed it immensely. Both were so conscious of their good looks, and adopted so many little artifices to heighten them. To see the fair Vanessa lift the pistol, glancing archly along the barrel with a roguish smile like a modern Cupid taking aim at one of his mother's doves ; then lower the weapon again, complain* ing in a playfully pettish manner—with a com prehensive look all round that was meant to finish everybody within killing range—" O, it is no good my firing ; I am sure I can't hit any thing ; or I shall shoot somebody, I know I shall." Then Proggleton tried a compliment about her eyes, and shooting people, in which he got very much mixed, so that nobody could pos sibly make head or tail of it; but doubtless Vanessa thought that the intention was good at anyrate, for, re-assured by it, she took aim anew, and, more by good luck than management, put a bullet right into the mark she was aiming at. And then with what a little laugh of satisfaction Bhe surrendered the pistol to her rival, who took it with the most loving smile that ever beamed on a woman's face ; although I have not the slightest doubt that she would have put the deadly bullet it contained into » carefully selected spot in the well-fitting dress of the lady handing it to her, and have slept the sound slumber of triumphant innocence after it. Mrs. Peeohy took the revolver and looked very confi dently along the barrel "By Jove," whispered Jack to me with a chuckle, "if we would only all clear out and leave those two together they'd measure off twelve paces and settle the thing quietly without any seconds." The widow, knowing that the attitude she was standing in displayed her lithe figure to perfec tion, remained with arm outstretched and her well-poised head slightly thrown back, taking a quiet steady aim while a man might count thirty; then she fired. Those who had sharp eyes could see the bark fly dose to where Vanessa's bullet had entered. Avington went over to the tree. It was a very pretty shot, having struck within an inch of the other ball—the mark she had aimed at " Allow me to compliment you on your skill, Mrs. Peeohy," said Wilmot. " Was it mally a good shot, Mr. Wilmot ?" she returned in an amusingly ingenious tone. "A very good shot with such an uncertain weapon as a revolver." " But it was quite an accident, quite. I never fired a pistol before in my life." When a lady chooses to make a statement of the foregoing order, who shall refuse to give it credence ? But I know I never saw Jack Aving ton look so grave in all my life, and yet somehow I found it impossible to catch bis eye. [TO BB COHTINUSD.J 