The Advertiser TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1878. THIS evening the electors for the Upper House, or so many of the 20,000 as can find room in the Town Hall, are to hear the candidates for their suffrages expound their political views. The founders of our Con stitution, twenty-one years ago, thought fit in their wisdom to abolish die hoatinga, and so undoubtedly promoted a more quiet and orderly method of conducting elections than had previously prevailed. Ageaasa tion of young Sooth AustcaJians know not the fan and excitement of the old nomination day, with its long procession of carriages, horsemen, and pedestrians, with band* playing and flags flying, rosettes adorning a thimwinl manly breasts, and the Mwit^tiw aad their most oHtaricalaqipartmli?xuk^uag the multitude out of doors from balcony or platfonn. The proceedings were at lunaa somewhat rough and noisy, and now and then braised and aching heads, tdatifiadto the iwrmwrncan with which the free and independent entered into theapiritof the struggle, We have changed all that, bat itmaybeqnatdoned whether a tittta too much hilarity, and even a dash of horse play, is not prefetanle to the deadly torpar that too often porvades oar poUtaaal Ufa, The gteateat evil from which w« h?v? suffered to connection with politics has been the mSMmmot with which the people bate ngarded oeeetioea of gnat concern to thunaJifa ,aad their carrfem nem aa to whet sort of wn haw gone iato Parliament—or at any rate into the Upper Iloaae—to itprtaaut them. It is only ob the ere of the election, when it ia too late for orgamxation, that the electors wake as* and then then ka danger that candidates whore views are not ealealatedto pnaMta the program of the colony or seea*e justice to all rlsnars will go n with a rush or by a fluke. The «rH ifi increased by the system under which the whole colony rotas aa one district. With a dozen candidates, with a nrnnirr able variety of opuaaas, soliciting the popo lar vote the electors are working very much at random. Some of the rand id ?tra are personally known to few person oat of Adelaide; others any he penoaaSy po pular, bat th«r princink* but be the re veres; aooM wil be considered aoaad oa the awatioa of taratinn, and aaaoand in the amtterof ronajratioaslreform. The* while the eteetors are bewildered in having to choose fnat the aamber of rgeauaaea anliuliag their aagiagea, a very iafcifca aaaa may be elected on a li naiatrj isaae to which a campart band of Ike nwwting tonight wfll hardly be satis fact lay is aoase reapecta. With twelve or thateaa aaatidataa on the platform it wil be imaamaie for cadi to give aa eshamtm expoasio? of his news ob the gnat qiwtiuii bow engaging the atteatioa of raifkiiMiil A eaarter of aa hoar is the at?Hat that caa be allowed to each apwfrii This will oocapy thne hoars or bur, ana then wffl come die oamtkas. A fate aitt?aj aasy be expected, for iaeopeadeatly of the brief aAdnama, at tabaa some ome Care dosea penoewtoaaewer evea oae qacatioa, aad a [ aeon or* faasdred stay be pat to them. The ■ ia which the show of beads is takes at these election meetings is very peculiar, la the old days, aot only oa the basHa^a. bat at the prdiarinary ibiii lia^a ia haH ami tavern, the i?iiaiisliii'mnaiis amii |ial iiji—ratiirfytothi mining aadaabow of baada takaa foToa^aadtaiataeCaair "Oe the eoatary" was aot eafled tm, cawiil?tawM'aat • ft awi prapar par aoa,"*e. Now the pnetase iatoca?apea disM?tie??itva<*ad ap (heir haada ia ovary case, aad the rewlt m often naply U4* cms. A caaaSaawi whoaj wn do not sak the majority of the eleebxs at the meeting nay be a Benmaal farorhe, aad many people wbo do Dot iatead to vote for him wifl ueteiHnikss not giwa Begatweto the propoaitiaa, express or issplied, that he ia a alt and proper peraoa to be a meatWi of Patfiament, and the co?seqoence is that the aaeeti?c- ia aaade to ajawr as ksriag choaes twice aa many candidates a* then are ncasaa to be filled. Use tun rational coarse wosld be ant to ask for a negative vote, bat aaaply to dadaze whiea caadiaatfa bad the greattrt nawber of haadcheMop for then. Ia one iuik lii^t to aaffice the ekctota dariag-this brief caaspa%B> Them ia aot time for many more, for the poll will be takea Beat Mooday. We obaern that Gawkr fc atirri?g in the matter, aad a meeting is to be held there to consider who are the beet asen to aead into the Upper Hook at tide jaacture. Other eeatnt of popmatioa might pnsttaUy follow tho example those afforded them, bat it is a pity that this taovemeai bad not been co?aaaaced earlier. The saw meai?eu aaaj gita • toaa to the Upper Boaae, going as they wvu ftwai fimii the cocnitry, oat this their waama known. Eafcjctts of gnat importaaea ham to be dealt with. Kow is the taw for tike people to afcy how they wb* dwCVmat?tatMn atered as it affscta , the Uppat Home. Tben is the flaX QaSawtMamV wf«UcU «?% IBOfafi CBaUa AHy | iaV* ma?*mul« i QCbw?bT wiHOIBCIm OOC^BWDS UlO amu??al vt aaiaosir of aB cktaaes lately. We need to napom taxes in aaeh a way that wealth shall conuibata ksahan to 4m expense of the good gorenaaa?t of this coaatry v aad per cobs of aaaas iafipaaes ahaS be fafiavadfrM?. aportio?of the bardea that sow peaaaa apoa them *> unjastly. A caTididtto who deals iavacaa faaoralitiss or broad plati tmwaoathie gnat aa«ataoa thoald be re jected samamrfly as not the aaaa for the timaa,aadthe electors ahnall aa raaalamiy deehm? the aarrieta of a mm? hobbriat, or a gentleman who wiD aot rote for any BBBBBdoI ef'bf f of taK?tiaa naiam is •mj partkaUr it exactly harmom?s with- bis opimao?. E^ecially ahoaU candidates for a aaat ia the Upper Boose benawred to state expficitly what coane they w3 pane* in this matter, for if a wea-cimriisnd wham* of taaadaa ia adopted n Ae AawaUy.aodta*Ooaacfl should throw it oat, great maapinliuai of deeliapwiU be pnsdaeed from oaeead of the country to the other. The Coandlkn caaaot amend a Daxataaa KB, they can only reject it; and if the mtter eoane shoald U fottowel tt k iamamibJn to mj how Iqarthamach needed iaeal reform may be ahe¥*ea,or what wffl be the eSeetspoa taecoawaofpctekamthbcolo?j. Thk Mineral Statistics of Victoria see— to form a return apart from the general tablet waachamiamed o?sWtWaaaaieeaof Mr. Hayter. They ham ao fanflal is thk colour, for we have bo ??™"y report of a coaaplfice and cnnipwilimiiiro raa racier, thooghthe Goy&eU;«W«MmKtoMtia* •applied periodical aocotuds of tke aurife rous workii^e* u the cokwr. Miaca we have in plenty, and Companies too, unfor tunately for many; but minerallttetatare has no flaoe aatongct as, although Mr. Goyder is official lotpeetor of Miaea, and Bu^kt be expected to tefi u ao?actfciag about theaa did sot huamau roo? and ardaow daties reader sack a taak impoHwhlft. Cofper is a poor apaftuktimi herenow r a?d gok Moatof fasfakaiaSoatk AnateaKa. The pneiaaa aartal, howerer, was the maldag of Victoria, and & aniat portaatatapldi? New 8o«th Wales. Gold at one tone did good aervioeeveatoSoata Aaatafia, Aoogh she had litde of her owa nrodyetio?. Sha never iadalged ia dreaaas of u Hdorado, bat her sons went to golden kads when enterprue had aaaw nwatd, aai cnauaa; back tamed their gaias into broad acrea, m? wiammg poa acaakos that were permanent; and the bright wheat fidda saade wealth aaora endnriag than that which was iwwarthai by the auaer'a pick. The pyramid at the Park Echiai tian tefla • tab flf mritommm ticks* which the mineral atatiafiee of Vic toria rimiim Bat miapi da aot last for ever. Mr. W. Oo?ard Smith, Haaster of Miam fa Victoria, aaya «•* *■■ BBBBBny bbb> vox bhbb aapna> penaa aa aaaal d«mar&Bpaat; jmbc. Ha attiamtes the fact to the long oaaanaal *">^*. which baa ptmairicii aaada allansi mmiag. He rfHf* alaa that the retains of gait fro. mMf are lea thaa dram of pneoio- faam. AD hie bopea aa to fatan pnmatwy turn increased rainfall ami mint* «t lowar deptha, however, mn aot ~*~a-t^ to i laisif those panan who hate lookad ■ lIMI VaWawrfamwl Mmj— mw? InWtimmt* amWmmfAa ■" M IJ '^maamaj ajmrnmrnrmm} for iiinjahmrt, or to tempt advaaCaams whomeaafierasyaiitfootad to aaake aad fottaaaa by •^ggsaa> Me. Ooaowaaav Becrets«yforlliaes,deabi ■ilhamf?aalii m a more ptaebcal way. Ha abows Aat the jieU of gold wm lam bf U4fi? omnaial?^thaaitwaaialhe pmmi year. Sace 1872, ia fact, the derfiae baa beeneoaatant, das yirfaauagmg hi toaai mjaaben in Una way—lBTl, MIB/MO oawea; ISTS, ljmfitO; 1874,140^000; 18r.% 1/377f100, 106; w«MK?; aad ia 1877,9«Mn0omiMa. VahmaithagaUat tlassoamof wealfaV. laalfamaladamgilr. *««sfsla^BTmwmwl IBbV VB waHaV MBI wJaVal |§V lfl^O intherieUefgoU. ttb?adwiamaTte M)67^Uawae(atoMVMoamm Hat daeCae mthe nw of the rataras from «aartx neb ia aat •? aanhet, bat it M ■i mfhilimaapmiaa,the year 1677 bamy thetawmt ia theaenmofteaymaa. las farmer aaliele we ahowed from the vital Btatiataa of Victoria that tiwanaiagpaatw is the fact that tike i T ' ia tho do aat ahow a> wel baima fh* tncly Jae to aatmai rasmis Aayaam wbichwi?aaartfletta)a??firaliaaafea??tal to wtf iaiaatry wal ohm the twatew! that ialaslij tomatt, and<mam«VMf Hhethatof the ecaabnted «■-* Woima tectiaatomtfne iamawjjtoo mme laapat a^Mti afv??t aa^VfMaaaamaa alaf aimam BaaavaamaaT aaaaVaamfaimT tatethevaWmoftoheaeamlamowaftW Baa IMA iw&amWl; wtwal fawS w&vftliliMl; 4MI a!mllWvwm?mwL*m* &W; maaat* afVaatimaawl amtt s?aU^ ■waws DCBaVfr QC ft 4UTam aamwfi??mmSMaH? tlartiff <MB aw?OaMaawfaM Caf ffff SMI #B for this by' aa occaamaal boaaa to faamae toKorgnatai?aid of amametaaf. Mr. Coachaaa aanea awaaxManaaia ommry ia a fight •** aaftcamt toeaam any one who baa iw aamaht of gaaajta \ Kte??a galaHMala mi BaM aTaneattaa. Thenh?eof a a^aam^ora?iauiTiwarfcia its fiaal teadt ia am aapas. la l&to; it aW>wed a weekly wageof fills. «L; la 1879 a fraction baa; ia 1674, £116a. tfa.; ia 187Sit wasatralaofv£2;ialB7eit cametooaly£l 14a. ?i*-i aad in 1877 te £HU6d. GoU,.thea,it wasid aama u aot the moat prnHfrtai paraait for the waddag ama, and whea he has to sea port Ifiiify aad family oat of bjllbbbii bb« theae, it Baali ao gaaat wfal— to pciat oat that thenaaltaof agrJoatan«al emy terma ia Soaxh Amanfia aaa far better thaacntefoaadaaleralbTrwiiataoria deep ematsadmaia the aatar aiawiaDa. TkeKoldof Vieaane, bowoiia, Ism «mm geodfarheyo?d llalaliaat ialan ltaaa to theae cokaeaa, aad lei to Urn liniaf rr' rf irftn liataalilra ia ftaaHath the gold yield mayeoatame to awiaawaamr ti? it faaianan, hat while thia amawJi aximr on, atcom; aaaa, atoet fcaatta, aat tfCMa? amtamwaw Waml wBTMMIfI^ 4akwmW e^wftat?OaaV <tM weaMb, and bald ap fha atojajft awl —l^M— WBM ■■) pi^J^^M «i WMMf It nrfl W vlmwvA Ami fhv Mlmmw ft* «i> **? flMei?* UtiwtyT «h? B^WWi ■■*^BBBBaOT ■■■■ A 4HMM *v*mt •■ ■■■?; itfi HmhAn* w tok^paC W? «aAaHtaaA flat Bw Ban?aHy dn? tt—to*—titeaiiliiliClrt —wSfcwty A inmlaliiM fa to wait oa lir. late CWBI. The itemr CAwlttM «m*«d at PWt wittapqri i hi ■i«fw«|iiiiiiiiij6f*?al We imliiiwl H«t at tW CmohA of the «MU fMltel iTSvW «fflMhr MoNmL ife flbadMV mm! *f* ifaUMAhMb _ We aiwlwiiiifl Art thca^i?aiai %> far tfap^. rf>pi y ft«.«~T-; T ?^—^ tj^ stoats Immmsk Cteft JLfafeiae ■■■ tte fiMMglia^Tiitl bdh —fcej^y ?■■«■?- Ob lbadaj aonia& A^Mt 10, *. i— goc«?'«OfcMfatha*ii nil ■jlii^Wajc ll>lll?M — iyqpriyefclMr««M?. A meeting at the «mMIm «f «• Part IrkUiiV Kmhmi aal CMaliMChak -I*. M^P.?a??.?r.plilS?Ksiit^fi!ia. towiai ■? Ikm <taM,tt?MWaalil? -!?«*? in I; ■■!!■■ at* ■miiat?Whii ■n^Moo—toft iiiri*a?l*«tA«- MM IHU UMB •■ — Wtt . JMW* _ y«y —all—«^| *—«■—.■■* Itfa?ccs, vcse 4n^MaA <OK. A tbrtMiHMMM ■UtoW?'C**^* The number of passengers carried by the A<1«?1«~Mb jU Suburban Tramway Company during :ths week which-ended on Saturday, August 17, was 14£19, being 3,400 lest than tie preceding -week, vrhen the public holiday swelled up the number. It was, however, nearly 1400 mace .than the week before, Sins indi cating a steady advance in the traffic A meeting of the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company took place at White's Arbitration Koom on Monday afternoon, August 19. Xhere was a fair attendance. After the election of two Directors and Auditors an extraordinary meeting was held, when the motion advising the increase of the capital of tiie Com pany by the issue of 3.000 new shares at £6 each was confirmed. On Sunday, AugTist 18, a serious ac cident happened at Blakis^on to Mn. Chapman, W, «f Callington, and her brother. Master Texton. The latter was driving Mr?. Chapman in a boggy down a steep bill, when one of the bolts which connected the shafts with the trap fell oat, and the horse bolted down the- hill at a furious pace, dragging the trap by one shaft till it capsized- His. Chapman vaa very much Aurt, and remained insensible for several hours, while her brother was badly cnt and braised. On Thursday, August 15, Mr. P. Howard, J.P., held an inquest at Maitland on the body of a lad named J. A. Wundersitz, who was killed by a heavy roller which he was driving passing over his body. The accident was supposed to have been caused by the roller coming into con tact with a stump and throwing down the deceased. Dr. H. Ross Brown, who examined the body, said no bones were broken, but death was caused by the extreme pressure on the chest. The Jury found that deceased met his death by accidentally falling under a roller, and that no blame was attached to any one. The Port Adelaide Market Company has -been, floated, and a meeting of the subscribers wiD be held at as early date to elect Directors and settle tile memorandum and articles of association. A market has been a great want in Fort Adelaide for some time past, and as it is to be erected on a site central for both tie Port and its suburbs it will doubtless be well patronised.. The promoters intend having an arcade through the centre of the building, and it is expected that at the cheap rentals at which the stalls and shops will be let almost every elass of trade will be carried on within its precincts. The followimr is Monday morning's -weather report on the Adelaide and Port Dar win Telegraph line:—Beltana, calm, dear, fine; Stxaagways Springs, very light, dear, fine, plesscatf Feake, calm, clear, fine; Charlotte Wscfcers^.."very light, *?l*H^r, fine; Ali*?a Springs, fresh, dear, fine, cold; Barrow Creek, fresh, clear, fine, cnM; Tennant Crjeek,strong,elesfvfioe, «old; Powell Greek, strong, dear, fine, sold; Daly 'Waters, strong, clear, . fine, cold; Xafterine, fresh, dear, fine, cold; Pine Creeks ftesh. dear, fine; Tarn Creek, strong, «lear, fine; Bouthport, strong, clear, fine; Port Csrwin,strong,cleu,finecooL . Good progress has been made in the pre paration of tiie ground for planting at the Mount Gambier Forest Beserve. The Border WatA states that - the fencing of the southern section is now nearly completed and sufficient holes dug for the young trees. Planting will be \- commenced in a few days. It is hoped the whole sf the work will be completed by the end of September. A. good deal of private planting has been done in the district this season; Mr. Bealeinf brats us that he has given away no less tkan 10,000 young forest trees to applicants who stated their intention to plant tbetn in accord ance with-the Government regulations.*' The xairjfall between 9 sja. on Satar •day and the same hour on Monday, August 19, is registered as follows: — Adelaide ... 0105 Mt. Pleasant... 0100 Annum ... 0-020 Mt. Ibrrens ... 0-005 Blancbetown... 0-010 Kamcoorte ... o*llo Cape?orda ... 0-105 Koadunga ... 0-170 Clare .„ ... 0-050 Norcnanville ... 0-100 Gawler ... OWS Penola ™ 0-120 Gladstone ... 0005 Port Elliot ... (rOI6 Gumeracha ... 0130 Port Lincoln ... 0-020 Kingscote ... 0020 Port Wakefield 0-023 Kingston ... 0"050 Biverton ... 0-030 Mebcse ... 0110 Robe ... _ 0040 Meningie ... PO3O Strathalbrn ... 0-010 TWTIKnMit „. 0050 Tknimda ... 0-120 Ht. Barker ... 0130 j WBlunga ... 0"l50 On Monday tie President of the CouncS -of Mneation reported that tile following pupil teachers had passed the examination held in \- April, 1878, and that having been favorably ce portedonbvtbe teachers and inspectors they were eligible for promotion=—From Class X. to IL—Caroline Forster, Fcankiin-«treet school; Annie Greenshields, City Model; Blisabeth GrifEraHj, practising; XGnettaSEaug&an;, City Model; and Henry Joseph Tnok, Mount Tor nu. from Class IL to HL—OharlesCharlton. Tort Adelaide; Helen Christie, Item's sVninsnla; Frederick M. King, City Model; -ft Pint It Trtthrsrt. W™dm«Ti ; Ty«?<-M |~awf« t Bundle-street; Hannah K. Haley, City Model: Mary B. Kereer, MagtU : and Mary Moir, Tnng kflla. from da*s 111. to XV.—Harriet A. MQlard, Jjefcvres Peninsula. The following tenders were opened at the office of the Arehiteet- in-Chief on Monday, August 19; —For erecting -Post-Office and Tele graph titation at Blitbbuxgb, six lar*"V?"'.1 ar*"V?"'. OoUschalk t Klein's was the lowest; for a «=j"??i?i- building at Stansbury, five tenders, Tetmsnt & Smrth'a was the'lowest. On the same day tenders were opened at the office of tbeEngineer-iD-Cbief for tiie following works: —Batteries near the Semaphore, five tenders. Win.Bond was the lowest tenderer; turntable, pit, &c.; Mount Gambier and Birali Bay Bail way, two tenders, C.tK Millar were the lowest tenderers; turntable and pit at Port Augusta, only one tender, Barry, Brooks, 2c Frassr; \- coal stages at Jamestown, only one tender, 3. Eednnary. The officers of the National Bank are about to erect a monument to the memory of tie late Mr. A. W. McGregor, local inspector of the T? ar*V The monument, which may now be aeen at tbe marble works of Mr. Herring, is \- composed of AhenWih marble, and is of due eive proportions. The main block, which is polished and bears the inscription, is 2ft. 10m. in height, and lft. Bm. square. Tins rests on a base of nnpohnhed marble about ? foot high, and is surmounted by a chased pediment an draped nm, partially polished. The whole is t be mounted on on «*Tjjq? base of sandstone, and will stand about eight feet in height It will •fte erected over tie deceased's grave at Morphet Tale. In addition to the usual inscription, it is stated that the monument is "ejected by bit fellow-officers in the National Bank of Aus tralasia as a tribute of their respect and -esteem." A case of some importance to members of Friendly Societies was (says the Jfanveoort ■■ Etrold) recently: tried at the local Court, Kingston. The Kingston Lodge of Oddfellows laid an. information under the ISHr danse of tbe OddfeDow?, MJJ^ Act against Mr. D. S. Bedmaa for imlawfnliy rehuamg moneys re ceived by him as an officer of the Lodge, which uesolted in tbe information tiomg nphri^, and 1 the Bench ordering defendant to refund the moneys and pay a fine of one shilling with three pounds easts. The defence relied npon by < Sedman, that the lodge owed him moneys and 1 iia* tie bad written instructions from the Pro- | vincislCorrespondirjg Secretaryto pay himself, would not be listened to, the Bench deciding that under the claoee they had no alternative, end if defendant bad a claim against the lodge he had his remedy in the IVoealOpurt. The members of the f Port Adelaide Working Men's Association and the Sea men's 'Union held their anniversaries at Eort ArieUide on Monday, August 19. <Ebe fist part of the dsyfc proceedings included athletic (ports, which took place on the pound? adjoining the Gasworks, Bose water, and at which there were upwards of 3,000 persons present. The gathering, with the exception of one or two slight disturbances, was «f * very erdoiy character. In the evening the Working Men'fi Aesociatfon gave a dinner and ball in the Town Hall, both gatherings being well attended. Mr. 3. C. Bray, M£, {■resided at the dinner, and the Mayor of Port Adelaide, Mr. D. Bower, EF, and Mr. w*. H. Bundey, ICP, were also present. A dinner •ad ball m connection with the Seamen's Union was also held in the evening at the Odd felloWs Hall. Mr. W. Quin, MJ?, presided *t file gathering. Supreine Court business in Banco was taken before the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Stow 09 Monday morning* In Bamsay f. Bamsay and Sparks and Cox a motion on behalf **■? Feapondent for the striking out of the petttma eertain allegations of adoltery against a peraonar persons unknown was complied with. It was directed that the saatrimonialcanse of fSareyj-fJ^Jfjand Thompsoa ahoald be tned by aflidayit before fee Pull Court, and a month's furfter fiwmi allowed for the filing of affi darrts. In the appeal case from Port Augusta, BL J. BhermanrT.Coventry, the Courtcevened tbe iniigmfgt of the Magistratei. and save a rcrdLctf-rthe def«ndantwi&oa;!to!b^m^ r' MBlfe ls 0^ **• Adelaide Local Court, Mr. Barlow obtained trolentii for a new trial op. &u; TOBdict for fb? defendant, the ques tion of ret JH&icata; being reserved for argument oh the motion to make the rule absolute. Wheaton v. Wheaton and other matrimonial causes ripe for hearing were fixed for Monday, September 16. The Court then adjourned for a fortnight. In Equity it was arranged that a motion for an interim order in Basedow v. Sudholz and Another, and the case of Gibson v. Staker should be taken on Monday, September 2* to which day the Court adjourned. At the ordinary meeting of the City Council on Monday it was determined to for ward a petition to the Legislative Council with a view to the Corporation being represented ! before the Select Committee on the Holdfast ' Bay Bailway Bill. A deputation of limebumers ' waited on the Council and represented the hard ship they would suffer if the proposed by-law respecting lime measurement were insisted on. ' The confirmation of the by-Jaw was negatived. It was determined that the new bridge over the | Terrens now being erected at the frame Cross ing should be called the Albert Bridge. A ' letter was received from Mr. J. B. Sheridan applying for a lease of fiveiacresof the Park ' Lands, for the purpose of encouraging minor athletic sports, for the benefit of citizens unable ' to take part in cricket and football, such as \ billiards, bagatelle, bowls, skittles, quoits, croquet, lawn, tennis, and archery," tbe whole ; to be conducted on strictly moral purposes." As it was understood that further applications for ' leases of Park lands were to come in, the con sideration of the letter was held over. A special ' Committee's report on conditions for a lease of the old Adelaide Racecourse was agreed to. A very sensible motion, intended to ensure the registration of all dogs in the etty was passed. , " La Motbe Piquet is the name of a email 1 French war steamer which," reports the Met- 1 bonme Argus of Angnst 16. "maimi yesterday ; bom Toulon. Her destination when she left 1 home was Tahiti, via Auckland, but in view of the resent outbreak at New Caledonia, there is , a posaibiliiy that site may proceed to Noumea without delay. La Mothe Piquet is a wooden ■ veasel,of 875 tons British measurement, barque- ' rigged, and in sise and appearance present* points of rmrmhlanre to tie Snroaut and Ooet logon, of die Frenchfleet, which have visited this : port. The armament on board comprises six steal guns of 9 in. calibre, and one small brass boat-gun. There is also the usual supply of small , arms. Thecomplementof menonboardis9s,and , there are six officers, exclusive of ike captain , and chief engineer. The steamer laffc Toulon on May 25, and came through the Sow Canal. ' The following is a list of the officers and their appointments:—Commander,Am6iee?ienaime, ' lieatenant-de-vauseau; second in command, Paul Vivier; ensignes-de-vaianau, Alfred Irfrtre, Ruxl Satnage, and Georges Simon; pay master, Fetriol Bougnon de Mastadier; sur geon, Pierre Goigan. There is aiw> as officer of artillery; Rmmannel Bualt, and with him sat ; soldierK, but they are only paatengers, and not included in the ▼easel's oompany." SnbscriptioTis are coming in Terr slowly for the cathedral proposed to be erected on the ' site of St. Paul's Church in Swauston-Btreet, : Melbourne. EnJurive of Mr. W. J". Clarke's ; donation of £10,000, the subscriptions only , amount to £13,000, and it is thought (*he Argu* ■ says) to be nowise to pull down St. Paul's Church before about £40/100 is available. Intiiemeu- : timethe plans for t&ecathedralarebemcrapidly; j prepared. The CJbrrtft of Englnd Messenger , remarks:—"No doubt the arrival of the plans | will give a temporary fillip to our liberality, , and increase Hie list by a few mars has- : dreds, but at this rate we shall get into the ■ next century before the first atone is laid. ' Bathing will serve in a movement like this ■ but Ing subscriptions; the advance by hundreds is too alow. The cathedral subscription unit : should be £lfloo. We do not despise fractions, , but we shall not accomplish out object within this generation unless one or two more of our { wealthy churchmen will venture boldly into the tent. We have in our mind at this moment 1 several who could do so -without any fear of j going out of their depth. How can they, then, sit by and see the painful efforts being made to add pound to pound without being stirred up to say to the discouraged collectors, * Stand aside; this work belong* to us. We, the rich men of this Church, will do for the lsad to which we j owe our riches what Boe and Guinness did for ; the national Church of their country.'" i The Border Watch of August 17 says: — j "The painter, Robert White, who mysteriously left bis lodgings at Mr. T. Barratt's on Tuesday morning, has not been heart of. On Wednesday and Thursday gangs of men, with the police, | were scouring the neighborhood in several direc- i taons, and yesterday several were out containing the search; bat it is now rtmriArnA useless • looking much more for him. A lane number ! of weUs and caves in the neighbaraood were dragged on Thursday. Some of <te people who j were staying at Barratf a with White say he had been drinking heavily of late, and on the ' night of his departure had «. del onion that j some infernal monster in the abase of j a goat was pursuing him. He was beard bj • one of them to get up about 2 ajn. on Tuesday, ' and go to the street door, but presently re- : turned. In reply to a question as to where he : 1 was going be said to bed. la the morning, j bowever, the street door was wide opts* «utd j White was gone. He is supposed tohaiwhad : only bis ahirt and trousers on when he left, bat { there does not seem to be any dear idea a* to ! what clothes be had in his possession, so that he 1 may nave been fully dissert whan he went i away. The case is a ntrangr one, but away : believe he may hare Mi in the way he did in order to get out of his agreement with his «m- '■ ployera before the expiration of oistemv. Vie ; F"IliT hf?'i)ir"?flT'T'^ ta>a ****** **?■? «««^«qr^i "g : police stations in this district and Western j Victoria, so that ahoald be turn up near any ?T them we shall soon know it." On Wednesday evening the celebrated : pianiste, w««<«??«? Cariotte Tasca, who has ' caused so much excrtement in musical circlet in Melbourne, will make her first appearance at '■ the Adelaide Town Hall, assisted by Madame j George Robertson. MdUe. Rossly Men (from I the Grand Opera House, Berlin), Mr. O. E. Mumme, and Mr. Alf. Plnmpton. Mr. G. Bobertson will also take part in the concerts, officiating with Mr. Plompton as conductor. A programme of choice music has been provided I for the opening nigbt. and the concert will be j under the distinguished patronage of His Ex- I cellency the Governor and Lady Jervois. , Speaking of Madame Tasea's last perfor- ; masce in Melbourne the musical crftis \ of the AvsiraUuian says:—"Bke began with , one cf Chopin's ballades, and she ended ■ with a solo on the organ. Between these she played other pianoforte solos, aad took part also in a duet with Mr. Hart. Be gardisg her generally as an exponent of what we know of the poetey of music, in all these performances she showed herself capable of meeting any requirements likely to be pre scribed in this particular. For it is not alone that die hes onnsnal technical skill, but that she uses her skill in the production of those effects which pro duce on the mind an tnflnence beyond that of-the passing time. For if music be antHginn, its priests and priestesses should beafate to raise those who worship under thair miaistamtkms heavenwards. Most ministers of religion, aa we commonly understand religion, fail tia do tfaisi ' and most ministers of the religion of music fail I to do it also. It is only now and then that a : true evangelist arises in either theology or { music, but when be does he draws all men after him. And I think Madame Tasca has some of J the fervor which makes most people worship in spite of their disbelief in creeds." The first of a series of lectures to be given by the Bev. M. 3. Birks was delivered at the Methodist Ifew Connexion Church, Franklin street, on Monday evening, August 19. The subject was " Stanley's search for lavingstane in Africa." There was a fair attendance, and the 1 chair was occupied by Mr. 3. Scott, J.P. Mr. Birks commenced his lecture wit* an interesting sketch of tie life of Livingstone, who, he said, wasborninGlasgowonKovember9,l?lS,andwas sent to work in a factory at the age of 10 years. While at this employment he managed to save money to buy books and give himself a tolerably : good education, with the idea of preparing bim eelf for mission work in China. Bat just when 1 he was ready for the work war broke out in Chins, and he decided to go as a missionary to South Africa. He embarked for that country in 1840, and labored hard for 15 years, when fas returned to England to recruit his health. Two years afterwards he undertook a Government expedition to explore the Zambesi and to open up a way, if possible, for commerce in Bast Africa. In 1864 Livingstone again returned to London, where he met with a warm re ception. It was his intention to remain in England, and spend the rest of his days there, but at the request of Sir Roderick Mnrcfaisao, then President of die Boyal Geo graphical Society, be departed in 1665 on an other expedition. II wbs while on this explo ration, and after several reports of bis death had been circulated and contradicted, that Mr. James Gordon Bennett, son of the proprietor of the JSe? Fork Mtndd, despatched Mr. H. M. Stanley, die war correspondent of Mutt journal, to aeareh for the lost explorer. %ne lecturer then gave a graphie and highly interesting ac countTof Stanley's well-known expedition, de pictang the trials and drmcuWes he experienced in his search,and portraying hko?tiriag energy and perseverance in a pleasing and fasiiiallng At the funeral of the Rev. Dr. !Luig Sir John Bobertson mentioned that he had known the deceased for 55 yean, having when a little child been planed under bis training "Hereinarked,«savstbe*S^i«wAi?rw«jfler«a. " that through good report and through evil re port Dr. Lang has ever bean my atanch friend, and I have always bean able to give him what small amount of help I could give him in anyUuDg he desired to cany out having for its object tbe good government of the country. I would desire, did time permit me to do so, to say some few words of bis extraordinary in dustry, of his great energy, of hisoonspioooas ability, of his courage, and of bis power. If tbe development of the Presbyterian Church through the length and breadth of this Aus tralian land was a great task to be accomplubed, no man «an pretend to a tithe of the servioes which were Tendered by Dr. Lug in the accom plislimentaf this work. In bis relations of life be never failed to denounce vice wherever be saw it, fearlealy, and be sever failed to uphold , virtue. As a statesman no one has been more ; dear of self-aeeking. Kay, there has bean nothing during his whole career «sa> public man ' other than a continual self-sacrifice. His political coarse wms one that commended itself to his , fellow-men; and although there may be persons , here who differed from Dr. I<aag in his political , views, lam quite sure there is no one mere who , doubted his sincerity, or that he believed he was taking the right course. In taking that course be brought to public business a strorg ■ intellect,* powerful mind, a, singular energy, and an unexampled penevaranoe. I think it must be admitted that fcis actions in regard to . the public life of our country have had as much to do in the formation of right sentiments as tbe actions of any other man here. And I have no hesitation in saving that in my opinion Dr. Lang has never had an equal as a> political leader." A deputation, consisting of the Hon. G. C. Baker, Messrs. W. K. Sunms, M.P.. B. D. Boss, M.P., J. C. Bray, SLP., J. VT. Downer, MP_ P. and B. Levi, J. H. Parr, F. Bonnin, and W. B. Keales,waited on Mr. J. B. Spence, at his office. Cnrrie-street. on Monday afternoon, August 19, to request him to become a candidate for a seat in tbe Legislative Council. Mr. Simms, in introducing the deputation, regretted that tbe aumberof gentlemen who had attended with him was not larger, but this he said must be attributed to tbe action thay had taken not having been sufficiently long known. He was sore that if their object was attained they would fed highly indebted to Mr. Spence, and the gentlemen present would band themselves together to secure his return. (Hear, he?r.) He felt confident as to the success of tbe j election were Mr. Spence to contest it. If he i ' bad not thought so he would not have asked i him to stand. He thought that the well-known j ability of that gentleman would at tbe present , time be of much asuatance in the , Legislative Council, and that hi* return would confer a benefit on the whole colony. ! fie referred to the meeting to be bald ia the Town Hall on Tuesday evening, si which Mr. Spenoe would be able to propound his views, j and in concluding expressed tfae conviction that j if their efforts were not successful enough to place him at tbe head of tfae poll they would at ' least place him very close to it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Spenee, in replying, aaid be had made up his mind before tba deputation entered that room that he would not stand. He would say, ; however, that their coming and urging him in < such strong lehtF!"l to do so *««^ fth^kttn him a little—(bear, hear)—but not entirely. He ■ would like to point out that tnert were a very ; large numberof candidates, there being thirteen ' to contest four vacancies. (■■Well dispense : with some of them f and bear, bear.) Mr. ; Simms again urged Mr. Spence to consent, and after a few minutes be expressed his intention , to contest the election. The deputation then i withdrew. j Respecting the proposal of the Eastern ■ F.Tbinsnn Cable Company to limit the public*- : tibn of Press messages, transmitted under tiie terms of the new contract, to a single news paper, tbe G*d<mg AdwnHtrr write*:—-Tfae absurdity at e doaen or more papers in a colony each anploying a London agent to send the I same daily trirgram wso palpable shat we can \ I only regard the suggestion as one veiled to I convey to proprietors of loading jeurnais tbat - ! they would be expected to make special i terms with the Company whenever they desired to supply other papers with thair ' telegram*. In any case tbe Company, we consider, has committed a breach of faith with . , these Governments. Either in making their ' ! proposal to reduce Press messages by 76 per ; cent, they were in earnest or they ware not. :If they wen, the original proposal will not : ' bear tbe interpretation they now put upon ' : it, besanse, instead of relieving the Press, it ■ ! saddles it with a much weightier burden. If i , they were not, and the Ossapany's agent ! was wilfully reticent in the matter in dealing j with tbe Conference, we must balknre that this I so-called concession was used siaajlr as a t fcait to find favor from the Press for j ' the general proposals of tbe Company, ; which, having been obtained, the Company ' may, it «*??*?, disclose Kb hand, es we nave j gone now too far to recede from our obligation. i We trust, bowever, tbat the Company will be I taught a different lesson. We want a dnpliea- : ' tion of tfae present cable, it is true, but in view , < of changed political rireuastanees in Europe 1 there Is not that urgency in tbe nutter there was in May lest; and if theWssram Extension . • «a«npsnyoMinotbekeptto«aea(j,i«Kii?«ii< made ; for-it by its antborieed «gent,eteps should at ; once be taken to call for tenoVais in Borope for : a second aervteswpon the basis of • low tariff, - ; as amennsef folly informing the colonial public i of a'l important events occurring in other parts : of tbe world." j i " A rather novel deputation waited upon ' tbe Minister of Lands yesterday jnotmng," writes tbe Melbourne AgtdL August 17,*-when I : Mr.Oasey.MXul.,mtiDdiieMltoMr.LoagmoM ; j four young Frenchmen who arrived in Mel- ■ I nmimr a frwilayiTnrohTttatetinararrf*M wr— *• , abire. and whose object ia coming to Victoria- ; is to take upland with a view to tbe cultuataan : of the vine and tbe olive. The names of the new cmaers ere Lamonde, Prootor, and two ' j brother* Palis, and they are all natives of the ! I south of France where vine-growing and olive j culture are carried on to a large extent. Itap- ■ \- pears tbat they, like many other eoontvypeopie : ' in France, vwited the Paris Exhibition, and ; i being struck with the Anvtralian coora, and j ' more patticolariy with that of Victoria, they ! made enquiries aa to the ptcapscta that were likely to attend enterprise in this part of tbe world, the result being that they determined to 1 emigrate to Victoria. They came with excel- ! lent credeatiala, and their object m ioter- | <ij< wing Mr. Longmore was to make arrange- j menta to obtain safficicnt land to carry out j their purpose. Their request was a very i moderate our. as they only asked far 40 acre* each in one block, but it wit sug gested to them that they bad batter take op the ordinary acnUon of 820 acres. Mr. Ctacy baring explained the ctroaautanoes under which they came, Mr. Longajiore pro- j mised that be would give them aU the wu- ; tanoe te bis nowar to enable them to select ; an area of ImasnftabM Car their purpose, and • jam Mr. Casey painted ont that they were : < unacquainted with the English language, and j night possibly be victimised by unprincipled agents, be said be would alloar MrTWaUk.the I Secretary for Agriculture, to give them any in formution they might require. The new arrival* an all young unmarried men, aldlled in the occupation they purpose to foUow,po« aesscd of sufficient capital to enable them to pwplr^ s orauiMnoenient, md full of | { entbutiaanas totbe result. They are therefore j imnugranta of the rufat deasriptioo, and if the ' same inflnencea that brought them ban induce I ottera to oome, oaeof the principal objects of i the Victorian Bxaflntfon Oommi?Mon in Paris I will be aooomplkhed." ! «In May last, when the Hon. Mr. Bou eant, ti? ftemier of 6outb Australia, was in Melbourne with Mr. Todd,O.M.ft., on Conference tmMMM •dventace," the Melhonme Argus amys, " waa taken by Mr. ShOUngUw, F^.G^, of ttua city, to bring under tbe nottoe of the Minuter tbe dufeeaaing encamstanoes of 01 -bealtfa and narrow fortune in which some of the nieces of tiie oelebntod AurtralUp explorer j Flinders we placed, with a view to obtaining from tfce Parliament of that colony, on their behalf some recognition of theserviceaof tbeir relative, tbus fdlowingtiie handsome preoedent set by the two oofamifls of Mew South Wales and Victoria in tbeir bestowal of * pension of £200 ayearontfee daughter of the navigator, which that lady stall continues to enjoy. From the statements made in this appeal it seems that tbe widow of Samuel Ward Flinders, who was the first-lieutenant of the Investigator with his distinguished brother on the celebrated voyage, b still, at the age of 88, dependent on ber pension of £60 a year from the Admiralty, aad that ber four daughters, all widows of medical men, are in very straitened circum stances. One of these ladies has recently died, and another is seeking aawstonoe from the axunrity fond of tbe Beneficent Association of tbe United Kingdom. A third member of tbe family,** 76 year* of we, finds her little fortune •vamped in Turkish bonds. These aad other faetsW* Uid by Mr. ShillingUw before the Hoo.Wtt.M«gi^C««e?rstMy of Booth Ans : India, at present on* wtait to Ais oniony, who •atrongderire to woder wbajthdp be could, anaanggested that a memorial should be addressed to his Government by those in terested, which he said should have bis sym pathy and support. Itisalsocoatemplated, we nnrifTf nri, to ask Sir Thomas Eider, whose waim interest in all such matters is well known, and wiw is at present ia Bogland, to make en quiries into tbe bets, and to communicate wtUi the Adelaide Government. A similar appeal will be made to tbe Government of Queens* land. Both these colonies owe amen to Flin ders, and it is to be hoped that these gentle women who bear bis name, end who ere worthy objects of the national gratitude, will not be denied by the rich and prosperous colonies named that help of which they stand *> much in need." At die meeting of tbe Council of Educa tion on Monday a large amount of business was disposed of. A statement of school averages was presented, aad they were on tbe whole tole rably commendable. Special reports as to the satisfactory state of the Willuunsfown and franldm-etzeet Schools were received. In the former ease tbe avenge obtained was 89-54. Tbe latter was an exceptional case, as the teacher, Mr. J. Griffiths, having had thechiMren only nine months in his charge, managed %a obtain the very high percentage of 8047. A minute was received from the Minister of Edu cation, directing tbe Council to pay the con tractor for the erection of the Hindmarsh School £170 in excess of ttie contract amount. Tbe Council had been applied to for this sum. which tfae contractor said had been earned through extra expense incurred in substituting Glen Osmond for Dry Oreek stone, the latter being unobtainable. Tbe Council did not at all agree witt tbe derision of the Go vernment. Three residents of WiUnnga asked that aaenooujiiateess might be appointed to tbe local school, as at present there was no means of education for their girls. The Council answered that there were already two fi—U teachers. Mr. J. T. Smyth, nunier of tfae Nor wood Model School, forwarded a notice winch he had received from tfae Local Board of Health calling npon him to duoontinne allowing the water from the lavatories to flow into tin stzeet. The matter was referred to the Board of Advice. Messrs. G. and J. Downar asked tbat tbe Council would reconsider tbeir action in imposing a fiae on Mr. P. Hynas for nan completion of the Mount Pleasant School within ttm«m«f^«l: time. The Council considered they bad done substantial justice, and rafurad to r'm open the subject. The question <fce ttchool site at Glenelg was again referred back to tbe Board of Advice, mm the site chosen by them was opt obtainable in a convenient way. The appli cants for increased school accommodation at Mi"l**^ were informed that the Council did not think it desirable to Increase the aooommo dation. In tbe matter of a similar application from Wistow. it was resolved that tbe Pre sident abonld confer with the Chairman of the Board of Advice. The consideration of Mr. Minus's oase was resumed. Tie opinion* of tbe Council were very much divided as to whether Mr. Mmns'a request, tbat the resolution re lating to bis dismissal should be rescinded and bis. resignation be accepted, should be granted or not. After a greet deal of desultory dis cussion the consideration of tbe matter was again adjourned until tbe next meeting of the Council. The Council at length came to a decision in regard to tbe appomtn>ent of the nead- teaoaers for tie City Model School, Flicders-ctreet. Mr. William Warner, of Wallaroo,was 'appointed to the position of Head-Master, and Miss Annie Hoberison. of. Lnfevre's Peninsula, to that of Head-Mifttress. At tbe suggestion of the (President, it was decided to ask the M;ti*«***- of nVlucatian to extend the operation of the oonrpuUory claiuc to Gawler. Kapmidf. Hindmar«u, Glenelg, UsJey.and Mitcisra. ThePrwideat sUted tliat great progrfM was being made by tbe Visitors, and that the effect on tbe attendance in t'..e seboote was already very marked. A meeting of the Philosophical Society is to be held this evening at tbe Institute. A meeting of electors is to he held *t the. Town Hall this evening, to consider tbe fitness of the candidates now in tfae flelJ for election to tLe legislative Coonci'. Tbe second lecture on " Elementary j Physiology." in connection with tbe A<i<la4de University, is to be delivered by Dr. Thoma* , this creou^, in the Stow Tjacture Hall,Flinders street. Entries for the forthcoming Poultry Show must be made to tbe Secretary., at tbe Sir John Barfeyeom, Bundle-street, before 7 o'clock this evening. A meeting of tfae Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club is to be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel tfau evening. The annual meeting of tbe Keneinston Cricket dub is to be held this evening at the rrinoe Alfred Hotel. ; The annual meeting of the Glenslde Cricket Club is to be held this evening at Dittmar's Booms, Freeman-ctieet. Bainford's Ghost and Petite Comedy ' Company at White's Booms were favored with , a fair house on Monday evening. Tbe whole 1 prformane* pawed off exceedingly well, aad the • taney of tfae audience seemed to be hit, as the applauve was both load end frequent. The phantom farce and comedies were produced : with telling effect, and tbe other efforts of the performers were in some rnatanw* enthusissti > celly received. ; Shakspeare's gnat historical tragedy of " King Lear* was repeated at tbe Theatre Boyal : onMonday evening, and although the attend , anee was not so largess tbe occasion deserved, ! Mr. Creswick received a very large measure of ; approbation from those who were present. King : Lear being undoubtedly one of bis mo*taxti*tk i iniperaooationa. He was well supported br the ; other members of the company. This evening ■ Mr. Creswick will give theatregoers anotbar , and last opportunity of witnessing bis remark. -; able performance of Sbylock in the " Merchant ■ of Venice,'' and from tfae manner in which thw was previously received there ahooM be a : crowded attendance. ! Tbe opening- general meeting of the South Australian Cricket Otub was held at i tfae Prince Alfred Hotel on Monday evening August 19. Mr. H.T. Sparks was in the chair, i Tbe officers for tfae ensuing year were choaen as follows —Patron. Kis BxceUeuey tfae G >vernor; Preridcnt, Hto Honor Mr. Justine G wynoe; Vice- President. SirHanry Ayers; Hon. Serretary M 4 Treasurer. Bupert Peily. Committee—Captain. ! A.B.Lunjfcy; Vke-Captaini, A. B. Ayew, B ! petty. A. B- Bemsferd. and H. J Kitsroy. A<« . sooiation delegates—A. K. Lnngley and it PeUy. Tbe proposal of Mr.C.S. Leader, that j tfaeseven Clubs of tfae Association be merged [ into fov, was eoosidered worthy of the conside- Mttnn of tfae Assnci«tioti,and the delegates were requested to support tbesame. Several new mem bers were balloted for, and the proposal to en gage a professional for the fauna was discussed. Tbe delegates were specially requested to bring under the notice of tbe Association Committee the adrissblccess of malting better araaugemaats regarding the appointment of umpires for the various matrhrs. The meeting was well at tended. On Monday evening-, Auffiirt 30, a billiard match for £100 was played between Mr. ! H. A. Albers and Mr. Albert White at the Globe Saloon. There was a large attendance, nearly 80 persons being present. The game, which was 1,000 op, was rather a protracted one, lasting about five hours. During the first portion of the evening the play was pretty good, some especially brilliant shots being made, but at times both White aad his opponent exhibited bad form, and missed shots which a tyro would have easily aceomptuhed. After 500 was nested, White being then ahead, tbe avenge of the play was decidedly better, but the balk broke very badly at times, end the players were baffled in their most earefnl efforts to make a scoring game. It was after tbe interval that Albers warmed to his work and forged ahead of bis opponent, keeping the lead throughout. White played with great judgment, butlnokseemedtobeagainsthim. When White entered tbe lastasntary. Albers was aome«o points in advance, but tfae former managed to creep up to within 30 -points of bis opponent's score, and then tbe excitement in the room was great. Albera played very skilfully indeed during the letter part of the game—he did his work admirably, and White also made some exreedingly pretty shots, his cannons from one end of the board to the other being executed with remarkable precisian. The game at the finish stood aa follows: — Albers, 1/101; White 881. Albers made breaks of 88,84, and several of S3 and lesser numbers. White coade 35,2?,25, and many smaller breaks. We would suggest that at future matches those who desire to bet ahoald nuke their Inclinations known in a last demonstzativ? manner. 