YEA. (FROM OUR CORRnnEPONDENT.) In consequence of the difficulty and delay experienced in getting summonses signed, and in making the necessary declarations when selecting land, for want of a Justice of the Peace, a public meeting was called a few days ago for the purpose of petitioning the Govern ment to appoint a resident magistrate in Yea at once. Mr Don Ild M'Neil was mentioned as tihe gentleman most elegible for so high an heonor,aa being a man of unblemished character and unswerving integrity. I am assured that Mr M'Neil is thoroughly qualified in every respect to held a commission of the peace with credit to himself and security to the public interests. The floods have carried ruin and distruction among the fences along the low-lying lands of the Goulburn and Muddy Creek, and farmers will be occupied for some time in re- erecting them. The oldest inhabitants say they never before saw the creek so high; it rapidly rose on Wednesday night, attlining its maximum about 6 o'clock on Thursday morning. The foundation of the Muddy Creek bridge, unable to resist the pressure, was materially damaged, giving the supersttuction the appearance of an old wreck drifting to leeward with its back broken. The concert in aid of the Presbyterian Building Fund took place on Friday evening, not in the Shire Hall, as at first intended, but in Mr Cairn's Caledonian Store, which was found to be far more suitable and com modious. Notwithatanding the heavy floods and boisterous weather this large building was tolerably well filled with an audience anything but unfriendly or hypercritical. The programme commenced with a musical overture by Miss Siheard, after which Miss Martin, a Ihighly gifled songetress and pianist. sang "'The Brook," charming her atten tive hearers with her beautifuly soft, clear, and harmonious voice, which blended admirably with the splendid accompaniment to this song, filling the building with a con tinuous strain of tile sweetest melody. Mr Mills gave " The Bay of Biscay," in his well known pleasing manner, followed by Mr Jos. Kelly singing "The Bridge," which was well received. Miss Sheard succeessfuly rendered "Thy Voice is Near," which was greeted with applause ; and Mr Mills sang " Annie of the Vale," very well indeed ; then Miss Martin warbled "Speak to me, Speak," in her own incomparable manner, causing quite a furore, and in response to an encore was equally fortunate in "Won't you answer Yes or No," Mr Joe. Kelly gave " The Relief of Lucknow," in excellent style, and received the approval of tile audience by a hearty cheer. Miss Sheard followed by singing "'The Anchor's weilhed" exceedingly well, and in obedience to a justly deserved encore favored her admrt-rswitlh 'Onlya voice at the window",' Mr Mills gave another song, for which he was lustily cheered ; and Mr Jos, Kelly, always a favorite with the musicaly disposed, next gave " Happy Friends," and on being encored sang " Brown's Farewell ;" this, with thie exception of a well-delivered humorous reading by Mr D. M'ŽNeil, con cluded the first part of the programtme. At the expiration of ten minutes intervals, the comical (free, " The Spectre Bridegroom," was introduced, and while being played created much merriment and roars of laughter. Mr M'Neil was most successful in tihe character of Nicodemus, a grave, deep philosopher, whose studics were interrupted by hearing of the sudden death of his namo sake and cousin, a fast unstable youth, immensely rich, who intended sowing all his wild oats in a marriage with the beautiful Georgina Aldwinkle, when the fates ordered it otherwise. The very day the ceremony was to take place Atropos came with the fatal shears and snapped his vital thread as clean as any tailor in the kingdlom could have done. Nicodemus starts to Aldwinkle hall to break the melancholy news to Miss and pa, but being as like his cousin as two peas, he is received as the intended bridegroom, and although most mysterious and thoughtful in names, Ithe never gets i chance of explaining his olrand5 subsequently it is proved beyond doubt that tihe real bridegroom is resting with the majority, consequently Nicodemus is believed to be a spo trr, and henceforlht everybody makes a hurried exit when he appears, There are few amateur actors can comlph to with Mr John O'Iara Cameron, his poitrniture of the aristocratic old squire Aldwinkle, determined to give his daughter in marriage to tile man possessed of the greatest wealth, irrespective if reputation, or or accomplishment, was greatly admired. Mr E. S. Parcel ably sustained tile character of Captain Vauntington, a rival of the departed Nicodemus. The style in which he pressed his suit with the squire, adroitly encouraged by his beloved Georgians; his bravado as to what he could not do with any rival, and hiis apparent hardheartedness wlhen the ghost of one appeared, were noted splendidly. Mr Thos. M'Crystal's rendering o! Georgians, daughter of tthe rich Aldwinkle, was co true to nature that almost everybody was enquiring who was the young lady that acted so gracefuly and well. The greatest praise is due to Mr Mathew Kelly, who undertook to play Lavinia, cousin to Georgina, instead of Mr Rache, who failed, owing to the impassible state of the roads, to put in an appearance. Having but a couple of hours notice, he appeared in the course gorgeously arrayed in female attire and acquitted him self so perfectly that what was expected to be a break down was got through without a hitch. Messrs W. Purcell and It. F. Taylor as confidential servants of Nicodemus and Aldwinkle respectively were very amusing in interrupting the most solemn conversations with their droll Irish criticisms. I must not forget to meontiton Miss Martin once more, whose thoughtful kindnests kept the ball rolling by discoursing delightful music when ever the curtain fell. In a monetary point the entertainment was satisfactory, £18 hav ing been gotted, 