LADIES' COLUMN. Odds and Ends for Ladies. CHRISTMAS. " Christmas is coming," the children cry, and they look up at busy mothers as much as to say, " We are expecting something good and lots of fun." They don't understand how it will be managed, and they don't trouble their little heads ; they just give voice to their wishes, look up trustingly, meet mother's reassuring, smiling glances, and run off to their play in a state of enviable, undoubting bliss. As the time draws nigh, there are many whispered comments as to the best possible position for the " stocking " to be hung up, and as to the probable articles which will be found therein ! and many pro- found secrets are told in the strictest confidence con- cerning trembling desires for a doll with real hair, and with proper long clothes that can be taken off ; a real baby-doll that can cry, and so on. Jack declares sturdily he wanta a strap, like other boys, to carry his school-books in, though the young rascal knows well enough he cannot read yet, and has no books to carry. Tom hopes Santa Claus will send him a watch, a proper watch that will " go," and that can be wound up ; and Stella, who has a good deal of latent gentility about her, says she would like a fan or a parachute-truth to tell, she would like trailing skirts too, but that is not a wish to be ex- pressed publicly yet-it looms enchantingly in the distance. At present she consoles herself when mamma is out by trying on all her dresses ; and, sweeping up and down the bedroom, admires herself and her train in the wardrobe glass. Meanwhile, mamma hears much of what is going on, suspects more, and exerts all her ingenuity to devise merry surprises for her noisy little brood. See all the Christmas boxes she hides away, knowing that grandmamma and grandpapa will come duly pro- vided. Some bovs are rich by birth beyond all wants, Belov'd by uncles, and kind, good old aunts ; When time comes round, a Christmas box they bear. And one day makes them rich for all the year. Nor do the mother's special Christmas cares end with the children : papa joins in the cry some morn- ing, and says, " Mamma, Christmas is here again ; we must have a little feast," to which she gives a cheerful assent, though she inwardly wonders whether her servants will say, " Christmas is coming, ma'am, we must have a holiday," and sighs at the prospect of extra cooking, and standing melting over fires in Aus- tralian Christmas weather ; but it is the glory of true wife and motherhood to forget self-so away she goes to order in stores of extra good Christmas cheer, takes with her some of the children, that they may have the joy of seeing preparations for this most festive time. She even lets them try to help in the kitchen, though their presence is occasionally harassing; but then, she says cheerfully, " It is Christmas time; let the children be happy !" And happy they look. All the more because they are helping to get ready for Christ- inas. In the preparation for any mirthful entertainment, some women have a charming way of interesting the whole household, even to the humblest scullery-maid. They can infuse enthusiasm, and subtly impregnate everyone with a desire to excel themselves in their special departments : a genial word of encouragement, a little merry making in the kitchen, will often act as capital seasoning for the dishes, add flavour to the turkey-stuffing, make the pastry lighter, and more flakey; even the decorations of green laurel leaves and twining ivy will have a jauntier air for being arranged, when hearts are light, and the laugh is still on the lips. Nothing is more likely to tend to the success, or non-success, of any social entertainment, than the spirit in which the preparations have been made and carried out. Is it probable that a lady can receive visitors as gaily and naturally, that the servants will do their part effectively and cheerfully, that the husband will be equally genial and pleasant, if the house has for hours been in turmoil and muddle-dum, if the ser- vants have been grumpy and ill-tempered, and the mistress scolding and worrying ? Nay, it is not in the nature of things. These performances behind the scenes leave their impress just as effectually as the stirring up of a mud-pond will bring to the surface slime and all manner of abominations. Then how wise is that woman who acts as if it were a joy to make ready for the expected guests, and communicates that feeling to children and servants. The opposite practice, which, alas, is the more com- mon, has a most pernicious effect on the nursery and kitchen. How can children reverence their mother, or servants their mistress, if after hearing groans and lamentations that that stupid Mrs. So-and-So is coming to dinner, they then see her put on her com- pany-mask of smiles and thin-skinned blandishments, and hear the untrue voice uttering words of enthusi- astic welcome-" So glad to see you ! So good of you to come so far ! Wish you could pop in oftener ;" and so on. Yet this is frequently done by women who would freeze you into an icicle if you insinuated that they ever diverged from the strict line of truth- fulness. It is a common failing, even at Christmas, when papa says, " We must ask Uncle Tom to come, you know, and Jack and his wife ;" and mamma says, " Oh dear, dear, I suppose we must ; they would never forgive us if we didn't ; and yet how glad I shall be when it is all over." Ah, mamma, mamma ! It was well the children did not hear that speech of yours, or they would very likely have echoed it with variations. How would you have felt if Stephen had lisped, "Mamma says she sall be so glad when you are gone ; it is such a bother?" or, " Do you like coming to see us ? mamma said you would be so angry if she didn't ask you." Children are terrible little mar-plots, and often hit the right nail on the head both innocently and surely. Mamma is generally on her guard, and only laughs merrily when she hears them betraying what is going to be for dinner : " everything, oh everything," gasps little chubby cheeks ecstatically, much to the edifica- tion and amusement of all the guests, who feel their stilted propriety and anti-dinner freeziness melt in the presence of simple childhood, and homely natural manners. Mamma's ease and unaffected talk rather surprised Mrs. Snobbism, who always associates Christmas dinners with unusual display and absolute gluttony of the kind that reminds one of the curious passage in the "Scotch Presbyterian Eloquence Displayed." One preaching against the observation of Christmas, said in a Scotch jingle, "Ye will say, sirs, good old youl- day ; I tell you, good old fool-day. You will say it is a brave holiday; I tell you it is a brave belly- day." Some such "youl-day" was Mrs. Snobbism's idea of Christmas feasting, hence she was always in a fume lest things should not be served up as she wished, or the servants fail in some duty. It was no marvel, therefore, that she should find it hard to comprehend "mamma's light-hearted laugh, the smiling faces of servants, and the universal air of Christmas re- joicing. " Mamma" had had to be very busy, but she had been cheerful with it all ; and, moreover, she had not harassed herself with undesirable expenses, and tried to outshine Mrs. Snobbism. She had given of her best, made her Christmas guests heartily welcome, and taken it for granted that to be happy herself was one way of radiating happiness on others. And is it not true that guests always take their cue from their hostess ? If a lady wishes to break the ice and to infuse mirth and jollity, let her introduce a game for old and young : let dignity be thrown aside as ladies unburden them- selves of opera mantles when about to dance. Let blind- man's-buff shake the starch out of manners, as it most assuredly must, for who can ride his high horse if he has unceremoniously to mount a chair, or squeeze himself under the table to avoid the clutches of the blind man. Lack-a-day that our drawing-rooms are so fine now that puss-in-the-corner and suchlike pastimes are all but a name amongst us! And yet many of us would rather have a romp with children, and a good game at questions and commands, than sit in agony listening to new editions of "Jessie's Dream" and "The Maiden's Prayer ;" or to endless discussions about the Chinese and the A.S.N. Company. Certainly, in-door amusements do not seem so essential here as in England, where people of necessity find their pleasures by the fireside in the home-circle-where, when limbs are wearied with endless frolics, often the gas- lights are extinguished and all gather round the Christmas log, for, according to poor Robin, Now blocks to cleave This time requires, 'Gainst Christmas for To make good fires, The wood burns clear and bright, casts demon-like shadows in the remote corners, and the story-teller of the family opens in low, mysterious voice, a tale of ghosts and horrors that makes the hair stand erect with fright, and everybody subsequently declare that they positively dare not go to bed lest some grim monster appear to scare away their few remain- ing wits. Here we have no need to confine ourselves to in- door amusements. The picnic into the country, the harbour excursion, garden games, and what not, have greater charms for an Australian Christmas party, and naturally. Nevertheless, even here, it will do us no harm to think of the good old ways in which many of us spent this happy season in days gone by, and in which many, perhaps, dear to us are still spending it. Would that we could waft to them at this moment, and as easily, the same good wishes which we crave for our readers-"A merry Christmas! A very merry Christmas ! " ' Then shake old Christmas by the hand, in kindness let him dwell; For he's King of right good company, and we should treat him well." 