A SCHEMING MAIDEN. In Clinton, Illinois, there was a lovely maiden, say of 35, who fell desperately in love with a young man, and to prove the disinterested rapture she felt for him. aud the ardent nature of her gnsh, she hinted, as only a lady of 35, anxious to marry, can, that he was the finest man she ever came across, aud could make any woman happy by the simple means of a preacher and a license. But the rich young man didn't see it ; he didn't nibble, and, in fact, he stayed away from her in a most nnproposing manner. But it was an enterprising maiden, and so she went through some five hun dred-novels in search of a good way to catch a rich young man with a matrimonial lasso, for, as the couple in a novel always marry, it is safe to conclude that the courting must be good which re sults always in success. "Well, at last the fair reader came to the " Ro mance of a Poor Young Man," wherein the point'is that the P.Y.M., being locked in a mooalit tower with a young lady, jumps off the tower at the risk of his life, sooner thau stay up there and thus com promise the lady. " I have it," said the fair reader, closing the book, and going to the sexton of a lonely Methodist Church which stood some miles in the country. Diplomatically besieging that sexton, she man aged to wheedle him out of the key to the steeple, which was high, had a spiral stairway inside and only one window. Then the rich but cool young man and designing lady were seen one afternoon ridiDg along the road, and, stopping at the lonely church, to go up in the steeple and view a fine article of subset. " The couple climbed the stairs, and stood at the single window admiring the lovely scene until the sun went down behind the west, and the twilight crept o'er moorland and lee — (see any novel or poem for minute' description.) Then the rich young man began to get skittish and wish he was at home, so he imparted a gentle hint to his companion that they had better go, &c.; Now, the lady had locked the door of the steeple, and assuring the young man that it was the sex ton's imperative command. Down the steep nar row staircase they came, and at the bottom the lady felt for the key in her pocket, but no key was . there. "Gracious me," says she, in a most histrionic manner, "if I haven't gone and dropped the key out of the window. It's fifty feet to the ground. W-hat will become of us? To stay in this steeple all night with a man and show myself afterward un married would kill me," and she fell on the young man's breast in a paroxism of weeping. That young mau was cool and business-like. He waited until she turned off the water, then kindly j seating her on the lowest step and started upstairs. j " Heavens, Joseph — dear Joe,— you aint going to 1 Jump?" j "Not if I know it ; you just wait." | Presently he returned with a bright smile on his J face and the bellrope under his arm ; gently, but 1 firmly, he took that thirty-five-year-old young 1 maiden upstairs to the window, and, in spite of 1 her entreaties and cries, tied the rope about her 9 waist and lowered away. The conventional plough- a mau, homeward plodding his weary way, saw as- a the moon rose, a parti- coloured ghost descending « the face of the church-steeple, and he began to I plod faster, and. at the same time whistling at W? I to keep up his courage. But curiosity stroi feet I than fear, caused him to take just one moreljpk S at the apparition, and what was his surprise to' 1 hold against the steeple, two barred and strip ped 1 objects that loomed like the clown's legs in the 9 circus. The ploughman stood rooted to the gron nd, 9 and then down came ghost number two, and, as it 9 was a dark and masculine-looking object, the 1 ploughman 'rallied from his fright ahd approached 9 the spot, when he beheld a lady aud gentleman 9 quarreling, and the lady calling the gentleman a 9 " horrid wretch." No cards. a The correspondent of an American paper says: 9 — The Marquis of Lorne is losing all his good 9 looks ; he must weigh 2001bs. He seems to spend M his existence at auctioneers' sales, and on one 9| occasion was seen to he turning over some baby linen, but for what reason, to this day cannot be 9 explained; 9 jj||5 Baron Macleay,"ffee"Rus8iari expldrer'of"New ffijj&Gumea.; who recently arrived .in;_Sydpey, ex- ptpspressed a wish to be located at n.eithe'r club nor ||fe:boteI. He has established himself in a hut, and igilhas isolated himself from" "everyone, especially «®|>tlie fair sex, whouijthe ,Bafqn regains, a,s jJIUtle better than 'serfs? enquiry l£?tj jvjas-for W a shark, whose brains he wanted to examine. He is almost demented on scientific subjects. Mr. Coombes, ExecutiyeCommissioper of the f colony to thePariq?Exhibition, urges the Govem- ment to push forward the matter oFthe Inter im national Exhibition, 1879,, as- the; abject is ex- „ citing much interest Rt Paijs.,,-, T i -w Madame Anderson; vwdc- styles-herself-i-the \- Lady Walker of the World,? recently completed at Leeds the feat of walking 1500 miles in 1000 hours. ' She walked. the last mile -and a.'half in fourteen minutes, and thirty seconds,, and after wards for several hours "continued" to "walk a <r quarter f an hour, her average time being two minutes fior each quarter of a .mile. _ ... ,.N A oWegram" front jSyAhey" in; ,tne: .'Brisbane/.. Patrio& AtiLteii : — The ad verse_ decision of the Govern nont, anentthe ten thousand pound vote asked- for in support of; the .propoedj Jnter- nation/l Exhibition,' 'will not' affect the' Agri- ' cultural Society's., Shov. .. Long, .asa, patriotic „ membSr, has Cffored to pay teri'tlidusand' pounds s'-"- out of his own pocket towards the object. Other \ rich members. .will olJUi his ,ex,ainpl.,..ihp »fl public are wiliing-'th- support the'dndvemfent-, hut J not in the trifling manner proposed by the. 'j Society.' Such an affai r to be successf ul must ? \- he treated as a purely national undertaking. ' The cremation of the. dead oil battlefields is ' strongly advocated by Mr: Williani Massiedn an address to a sanitary congress' ia England. He is confident that . by. means of pprtable crema-.. tones he could reduce to ashes' i0,000. bodies in as " many minutes of timeY '.Iritertherit-bf bodies by thousands must of 'necessity pollutethersprings and contaminate- the air. - - r .= ri.; I A man has been arrested ;afc Wilhemshaypn on H the charge of predicting a day before. the event that the Konig WilheUu was going to run, into the Grosser Kurfurst. : ? : A number of influential geutlemen in Sj'dney lia\e determined to form a company with 3000 shares of £5 each; for the; establishment of; a,, gymnasium. : .. 1 ; / An accident assurance association has .been formed in Sydney, and with a proprietary that, f is entirely colonial. The object is to give relief ; to subscribers who may be so unfortunate as to suffer injury from accident, and to the reprg sentatives of those who may be accidentally killed. . , ;?? , A new sword has been introduced in the English army. It is described asa combination-- of the ordinary regulation sword (cavalry and a; infantry) with a six-chamber revolver "at- the hilt of the sword, answering for the stock of-.the. 0 revolver, the chamber of which takes a Boxer s; cartridge, regulation patron;. The Scabbard is wonderfully utilised, .being cut in sections with, 1 stop-hinges and folding, up. in. the fpriu of a rifle-stock. This is attached to the. .hilt; of-. the ft- sword by a slot and catch, th.e whole forming, short-repeating carbine, or, without the scabbard attachment, a sword and revolver in one and the same weapon. It is sighted up. to lt)0 yards, .the. foresight being . taken .from .'.yth.il.? .point 'of/the;; sword. .. " A Peruvian chemist, Dr. Afosenvano/ will- exhibit an invention at. the Paris Exhibition : which may become a very important pnefor commerce. ' He his succeeded ihobtafning a magnificent dye from the violet or ? maroon Welshcorn of j?eru? arid this dye iskaid'tb iiitpaTri: the colour, odour,, and taste. of scarlet to all light white wines to . 6iich a degree/that it is impos sible to distinguish the coloured' wineirom real claret without being iri the' least irijiirioueto the health of the consumer. Besides'this a nniriber of other uses are mentioned tp which this Welsh- corn-dye can be put»4 V . There is a strange rumour, says the.. Church man regarding, the new Bishop of Rome. /It is said that? thptigh he,? his jtiad frequent' ?oppbt- tunities, and even dccasiqjis," for r etefring.tp the Virgin Mary, ;he; has. studiously rpfrained from mentioning her. .This has heeu so marked, that it has led to v, the Belief that he .intends to dis;; courage Mariolarity.' it is impossible, of course . to form any correct estimate of the? truth, ?pf this, or its probability. , Bnt sdnp .is, led to imagine what wojijd.be the resultsjf the infalli bility of Leo. XIII. should prono.nnce erroneous all the dogmas hitherto: promulgated concerning the Virgin Mary. It is possible that, aftef'all,. the reformation of the! RoWaii Church is to be set on foot ; By. the Very'liead of th'at-Ghiirch? Why not?.. Certainly thh hprpotihg of th>se corruptions is. a niattef of such ' extraordinary magnitude that 1 one easily believes it ip'npt to be forecast by :mah?..' If Xeo XIJX. 'is really to become the great reformer of the .Roman Church, we hope that Papal Infallibility w-ilji.be the last corruption to be done away:;...thaLhe will, not lay it down befcrre ii e-has -usedi t agai nst . every other false doctrine which the- Roman Church has built' up oh her inheritance of- the faith. ; A Christchurch telegram to the New Zealand papers state that, on. the jOth instant, an. iiiqliest on the body of, Mrs. Hoff Was held at Oxford. The evidence showed that' .Mr. and Mrs. Hoff and the man Barrett lived in the same house, which only. cojttained one.rpom, .and bejoiiged to : Barrett. Hoff was a lazy, drunken fellow, -and constantly used violent language to the .deceased who was a hard-working woman, ainhtOpkiliis abuse: very . quietly. Hoff was very, jealous o.f - deceased, but Barrett, asserted that, lie ; never knew the latter to give any ca.use for it. Barrett provided all the .food' for the house, and Hoff paid nothing1 for 'himself -and-, his -wife-living there. HofL "when arrested, admitted haviller- killed the deceased. : He asserted he'Wiis butting shrubs in ' the : garden ' lie- 'was huiigryj' and wanted some tea and bread, which his'wife would not. give to him., Bethen took; a tp;na- bawk, and' walked to; the stable and' But" 'somb tobacco with the tomahawk.' - He AvJi's gr6\vling; ; that she would - riot give hiin- his - breakfast. I Deceased walked inside and'tookiup-a.piece of.- iron and wanted to strike him. -, He tucneclhack. took the tomahawk, and gave her a .clout!'. on the head with it.. Afterwards he walked to the fire, took a fight and "put it in the bed," and then'" cleared-' but."1 i! The jury feturned'a verdict df '' " Wilful murder:"1, ' : .u Away up ' in the back .country: (writes -an ex-r change) is. - a telegraph, station, in .charge ofan officer, who. also, conducts, the. business of a posf-; . office. To assist him. He had a piessenger, \yh6,,; however, has fallen sick, and is 'unable. to attend' to his duties. The station:m aster irhme(iiatey,: wired the . ahnounceineiit 'to the Sydney office, saying that he must have' lielp ; and, in reply, he was told to hire another boy. . Thereupon? the atation- paat&Ktei;'egraphe'b'ajbX'i!? boys' to be obtained;' '?Dpn't know. \yliat to dp. . Must have assistance". Respectfully suggest the ap-' roointment of a junior." . Wjisrpupon fhe Sydney .office responded": "If there are no boys in town, flre tliere £n'5fWftsIS?,5!OSfS£,tre'ifd:-Sf6P6BSehgr,J- \- :rom Sydney." And.thencainefroTn the Rtntion- naster the following startling'announcenient : — " Only one white girl and fonr hal f -castes. Can't procure onpcfj9C:Bvi:eij0oni!y !'j iS'fPtfthis ! . - Let us have no more advertisements from spin sters wishing to ..correspond with . gentlemen " with 'a yiew to jnatrimony." ' ;'Lpt: applTcatiohfe be made in fiiture >t the Head ipfficej-'fpr tljer, . .are heapB of . telegraphic Ioye going tp vvaste i p ' (thefar biish .Echi). .(V... - mrospjpyan Pkarck has arrived in ; Sydney;. And. is ..being lionised; as:far, as.his nature .will, Admit tpjnake' Arrangemente r presenting, .him .witb.ji-testi-.. monial in recognition of his bravery, yj reselling, Miss Carmichael, fHtving jionsulted Iris wishes, decided upon; giving him A .sextant of the finest quality, .aHiuoculardelesc«p.,tLjbcxiuuipJlQaL. instruments, .and. some other tln,iigs;like!y ,tq. be ' <isefiil to 'him i n his prPfession. 1 iThe efforts -for'! raising, ' & \- suitable f qild; to ?reward hiin',, rbsulteil ; an the accumulation of idibut450?? TJjis it Js antended to add to the amount . subscribed .ifl 'Victoria. The agitation which" arose in Italy with regard to . the decisions of the Berlin Congress is subsiding. The -Pontifical Internuncio to England gave his services in the way of media tion. . A match was commenoed on the 25th of July hetweeu : the Australian team and 22 of Crewe. The first innings of the Australians closed for 130. In the first innings of Crewe two wickets have fallen for 3 -runs. - . : : Nerissa, who has gone into Mr. James Wil son '8 stable, is still firm for the Metropolitan StakeB at 10 to 1. A nugget of 187oz. has been found at Roke- wood. : . y The New Guinea Combination Association has taken the. initiatory steps to- obtain a charter . from the NetherlandB-Ihdia Goverumant to settle in New Guinea. It is stated that there is a large amount of counterfeit coin in circulation, principally shill ings and sixpences ; and that the fraud is only to be detected by weight. The? subsequent successes of the Australians (writes the London correspondent of the herald )' have aided- in creating a widely-spread impres sion that the victory of Trickett in the iiuitch for the sculling championship of the world was more meritorious than our aquatic authorities would have us believe. These worthies have all along insisted that' the representative of the Parrainatta gained liis laurels under purely ex ceptional conditions, and that had he remained in England, he would have been easily defeated. But the victories, the thoroughness of which cannot be disputed, of Spofforth, Bannerman, and Midwinter, and the rest of the " Kangaroos," as they have good nnturedly been nicknamed, naturally causes people to think that Sadler's defeat on the Thames was not quite such an easy task as they were led to believe. It is said that the -cricketers brought with- them a challenge from Mr. Punch and Trickett, in which the latter offered to row anybody on the Thames next year for £500 aside, and that the offer has been accepted by Mr. Charles Bush. If this be true Trickett will have a very different reception here to that previously experienced by him, and if he shoujd again prove the victor, he will find himself raised to the zenith of popularity. The Western Independent says In describ ing an inveterate gossip, it is commonly said the person chatters like a magpie. An anecdotd re cently related to us calls up. the old saw. A much- respected and cheerful minister of religion held service at a squatter's homestead.in a well- known centre of population. . Towards the con clusion of the religious celebration, he delivered: an inspirited address, and was in the 'middle of his exhortation, when in stalked a magpie. The clergyman's hearers fornied- a; halfrcircle round the preacher. Stately hopped the magpie from one devotee to another, and. at last stood in the middle. The magpie listened quite seriously for a. moment, then archly peering into the minister's face, he. said " shut up," " shut up." The discourse collapsed, as tlie minister, : with the liign sense of the humourous, could not pro ceed.. A telegram from Grafton iri Tuesday's Even ing News states : — It; is currently reported that the Mayor of Grafton contemplates holding a mass meeting of the ratepayers, to ascertain their opinion as to the advisability of his resign ing office. — In the Scott-Madgwick libel case a fracas occurred this/morning. ; The Supreme Court, bailiff took possession, but it was dispu ted hy .a bailiff already in possession for Mr. W. Small, the" holder of a bill of sale. Ultimately the -latter was arrested. The affair has caused much excitement in Grafton. First among; Turkish social topics is that of the harem. The Koran allows a Mussulman to have four wives ; and many persons have conse quent! imagined that polygamy is the rule in Turkey,; wher.eas it is the exception., A Mussul man may only have as many wives as he can keep in rconifort and it is only the very rich who can afford to keep four. The middle-class Turks have only one wife apiece ; the men of the lowest class - are often obliged to remain siligle from not. having the means to Aupport a consort -i"n-vth"e 'style which the Moslem law en joins. Nothings/can be more un-Turkish than the Mormon idea of accumulating a number of women to live under one 'roof, quarreling in the 1 Hitchen and parlour, and acting as household drudges for theirijiusband." The Turkish wife is not a 'Slave the chief fault to find with her is that she ha6 too lofty a sense of her own dignity. An advocate of feuiaie rightB would have some difficulty " in persuading her that her lot was pitable: she has never envied the emancipation of; Christian women, whose free ways shock her ; while she has- -noticed that they get much ie6s respect from the men of their faith than that which is invariably vouchsafed to herself. She veik hhi; fiiee'with' no more fegret tlian a West ern lady unveils her shoulders. Turkish women are u6t shut up. They go ciut 'when tliey please; attended by their .odaliks if rich, or iibldiiig their children by. the ljand . and their niagpie . voices fill the bazaars, for they are noisy talkers. Where- ever they pass, men of all creeds stand aside deferentially. If . a husband, meets his wife in the streets he makes no sign of recognition. If lie perceives - her halting before a draper's stall and- gazing significnntly at silks dearer than he can1 afford, he-inust pbssess Ids soul in resign a- tion; : ihuttering " Mashailah." This respect for wptneh prevails also' in the home circle, and it conies naturally to the Mussulman, who has been taught from. his. boyhood to behave courteously to-' the soft sex. ' Whilst: Sir Henry;, Parkes has been starring it in the west, jio.less .than four of: the Ministry have been junketing at Yass,- aiid doing what they appear to be in no way abashed at leaving undone at Wagga,;. paying a' dutiful tribute of honour tp the Qufeen .whom tliey serve. Very ' little was -said by either .one or. other of the Ministerial , quart ette. regarding their programme for .the,.f u tp re. .Tjiey , su cceeded, in ...what little they .did. utter, in .simply proving that, however excellent our representatives: are -individually, '.or; collectively,' they )arev a shatni Sir Heiiry ;iParke8,-at''Molong; was fervid iri his description of what'a 'politiciari ought to be and do — offer ing hiiriself, of course' 'in his usual modest and 'roundib'out kind of , way, as the beau ideal of a "Parliarnentary man?' .;MK remarks YasB may be regrifded as in some sort of cor- -YoJIary of this. He descanjtfd very . wisely . on - ,.wliat eur represent at j yes ought to do, arid claimedjfor the " Geehung Ministry," to use a not altogether unhappy opithet of his own applica tion, a considerable: airio1tnt?bf kiXdQS.'_ Mo6t de voutly is it to, .be .wished that -the wisdom ; that- 'has Been airing itBelf in the constituencies will- manifest itself in the legislative temple. Legis lators, like doctors, are too, prone to;ignore their own- ...prescriptions. V, -If our .legislators and Governments had only acted .up to their pro- f eBsionB-.in ; times gone by, -Mr-Fitzpateick would ; not have been affprded ;an : opportunity of refer- , ri n g tQ tbe extraord ii i aiy stat e of things that has existed -.during- the pastfew years— rof hand-to- ?nio£lth Governments, " clinging on by. their eye brows, expecting daily to he turned. out of office. ? It mutters not what setof men are power, nor how soiiiid 'may be' their.theory of governnient, un less.' as Mr. Pitzpatfick said; they have time to thiiik out the khid .of legislation' b'est for the country, '.and,.' ' he, might have 'added, force of cliaracter suffici.eiit vp .pliable, them - to carry, a -policy out? thc/courifrj inust, as Sain Slick would sayr cpntinu.e. to.-, go to. the bow- ivows. .During 'the past week or two many of our representa- 'Tives-have. addressed- their...constituedts. Each Jiad readily blamed , the other for the faults of Parliament, and nearly everyone of them has sho>vh, that; life -possesses qualifications, fitting linn for a representative of tlie.people. If when Parliament meets they, will -but be true to them selves, their doctriiieS, aud the country they re- jjresent,1: much; may be hoped for froin their la bours in the coining session.. - ' For the. first time, probably, in the memory of any living.physician, says the British Medical Journal of recent- date, a case of yellow fever ending fatally is reported in London. It occur- d in oyje of the squares in Belgravia. It appears (writes the Sydney correspondent of the Patriot) that while Farnell is boldly re iterating his pet saying that " common sense is all that is riecessary for a ruler," Parkes is at the - same time At another part of the colonyflagge- latirig the Ministers, on the ground of their, no torious incapability and ignorance. He argues that that their incapability saved. them from do ing mischief.; - He bitterLy remarked on the de cline of, public life in the colony.: In another (-(ic-t-ch i.e sirongly. advocated the cultivation "of flowers by ladies, and the improvement of home life and comforts. The. speeches 'are classed amongst Parkes best utterances. The New York papers contain the alleged con- . fession of Mrs. Tilton and Mr. Ward Beecher's denial. The Daily News correspondent . says - that very little excitement has been, occasioned by the, revival of the Beecher scandal. " Almost everybody has made upjhisSor her mind .ori one side or the other : and no change of opinion is likely to. be effected by this new publication, nor , is it probable that the public investigation will be resumed.'' Most people, the corrsspondent says, think that all parties to the? Bcandal are. be6t left in obscurity, and that there is not one of them upon whom the scandal has not left an indelible stain. " Beecher is no longer a popu lar leader. Tilton is no longer a prosperous man of letters. Plymouth Church is no longer a power in the land. America is trying to forget them all." The old-fashioned formalities of court-ship, which were so chivalrous and graceful, are quite a thing of the past. " When, says a correspon dent in Vanity Fair, " in the early gloom: of my youth and ardour I wanted to propose to a young woman, I always went: down upon one knee, and raising her dainty fingers to my lips, ' Fair one, wilt thou be mine?' I used to say, and the fair one used to answer promptly, ' Not on any account.' Such I had read in the novels of my boyhood was the manner in. which Lord Ernest was wont to propose to theLady Amelia, and such I believed to be , the formula generally employed by the nobility on similar occasions. Therefore I was greatly shocked to hear that , a recent and much- discussed engagement . was settled in the following unromantic and.uncere- moniou8 language : — He said, ' Would you like to marry a fellow like me ?' She said, ' Yes, you are just, the sort of fellow I should like to marry.' 4 All right,' be answered, simply, 'you are on.' And on she was." The Duke of Manchester presided at :-a han-i quef given to the Australian cricketers, and highly eulogised their pluck. in coming half way: round the world to try conclusions with, the mo- > ther country. Gregory, in responding, isaid the Australian teamriiad never hoped to beat the flower of English cricketers, and expressed ex treme gratification at the success that had al ready attended their venture, and the cordial re ception shown them up to the present. Mr. Murray has been appointed seventh Dis trict Court judge. - His circuit embraces the Clarence aud Richmond districts. Messrs. Bar ton and O'Connor have both been. offered'Crown : Prosecutorships. The latter has accepted, but Mr. Barton has not yet replied. The Honorable Saul Samoellaid rtbe foun dation, stone ;of: Messrs. Harrison,; Jones and Devlin's new wool stores, Circular Quay, ori Tuesday. They mil cost -fifty thousand pounds, and are to be completed in eighteen months. The Earl of Beaconsfield is one of the best dressers in England ; he has on the average a plug hat a month, his trousers are usually of. a light lavender, arid liis coats are perfection in fit. His yalet is scrupulous about the arrange-, mentof his curls, whieh are numbered ; in gor geous dressing gowns his wardrobe (is not to-be surpassed ; one of them is worth 3000jdol. He walks with his eyes cast on the ground, aHd takes no1 heed of little ragamuffins' who cry,- <l,There; goes Dizzy i" . The Earl of Derby is in looks not unlike the late Tom Sayers ! His suspenders are never fixed to the proper height, consequently there is a piece off the bottom; of hi6. trousers, owing to their dragging. He is a sloven. Very courte ous in manner, and when lie opens his thickset mouth there issue masterpieces of English com position. His income is about 2,000,000 dollars per annum. He succeeded, after many years in marrying his first love ; they are both near the fifties. At the winter sittings, of . the Toowoomba Assizes on Monday last. Before his Honor, Mr. Justice Liliey, Sam Ah Poo, a Chinaman, waB charged with the wilful, murder of Mr. J. Fisher M'Miehael. The prisoner, who was defended by Mr. Pring, Q.C., pleaded; " Not guilty." From the evidence of Michael Kelly, - published in the Chronicle , it appeared that while Mr: M'Miehael was washing himself, witness saw the prisoner strike deceased in the ceritre of the breast with an axe; the deceased fell down, and on" exami nation it was fonrid that there was also a wound in the back of from four to five inches long. The murdered man died four hours after the committal of the assault. In addressing the jury in defence of the prisoner, Mr. Pring con tended that at the time of the commission of the offence the prisoner was suffering from a homi cidal mania predisposing iiitn to kill: The jury returned a verdict of "Guilty," aud the Judge sentenced the prisoner to death. Chalmers and Another versus Clarke and Others.—' This is a suit of a re'inarkable nature, which has for the last two yearsfieen before tlie Supreme Court of NewZealand„and has excited much interest in that colony, as upon its final issue depended , the .recovery of one of- the largest eBtatea in Otago- by : its original;, qwnefs, while it will probably, lead. to the institution of similar proceedings by other parties,: who: may, like the plaintiffs in this case,- have been dispos sessed of their properties, but who: may success fully exercise their rights of redemption against their mortgagees. . As many properties in the colonies are similarly held to the one forming the cause of the suit in question? the "following Bho'rt particulars may be found interesting. The suit was instituted by the plaintiffs who were the mortgagors for the redemption of the Moa Flat Station arid stock, in Otago, New Zealand, a large and valuable property. Iri the year 1868, the property consisted of 150,000 acres of lease hold land, and 65,000 sheep, and the mortgage debt was £35,000, " Or thereabouts. The, mortga gee in the month .of August of that year insist ing that the. security, was not worth the. amount of the debt, and treating the sale of some of the stock by the mortgagors withouthisdirect leave,. .tiB a' breach of'one of the convenarits contained in the mortgage, took possession, and advertised the properties for sale by public auction; the highest bid at such auction being £30,000, arid for which sum they were knocked down to a sou of the mortgagee ;as-a purchasef.-; jBhpi'tlytafter- wards one of the 'mortgagors.wa.s, bytriis action of the mortgagee, compelled to take, the .benefit of the Irisojvept Act, but before the c'ommerice- i'nent of the litigation had procured hie estate :to be released froin infolvency. iSiiilsequeritly . the mortgagee died. The suit was commenced some two years . ago '-byi the' mortgagbreragiyrist - tlie executors of the mortgagee, the; former treating the taking of possession and the subsequent sale as oppressive and illegal acts, and insisting that the property was worth vastly . more than the arriount of tne debt in the year 1868, and that it would have brought vastly more at the au'ctjbu in question if it had been properly advertised and proper terms of sale allowed, and excusing themselves for not havirig coiriinenced proceed ings earlier by reason of one of tliem having been out of the colony, and the other; not being ,in a financial position' to incur the liqavy ex peuses of an equity suit until shortly before pro ceedings were actually .instituted. 1'he question inicontest was chiefly o'rie'bf value iri 1868. The, litigation is now, however? as we are informed determined, a coirip.roriiise haying been coirie to, under which the executors of the mortgagee have agreed to pay the mortagors seventy-five thousand pounds in 'consideration of the latter ' making oyer air their right, title, and interest to them in the mortgaged properties. The. boring operations at Newiugtori llrive reached a depth of 817ft. The strata of fire clay is promising, and said to he of the same character as that overlying the Newcastle coal fields. ' — The House of Commons has agreed to grant a' further sum of £10,000 . a -year to .the-Duke Connaught- in view of liis approaching tinirri- age with Princess Louise of Germahiy, aiid?rin the event of his death, an annuity of £6000 to his widow. A new club, to be called the South Australian has been formed at Adelaide. The members will coinpriBe leading commercial andvpfofes-" sioual iuen. ;:??;- The total export of wheat during 1878 from South Australia, was :71, 105 .tons, and of flour 11,515 tons. 1 ' I? ./ ; It is?stated that Mis? Smith, mother pf a well- known fanner at Adelaide, has come into a legacy of £400,000. 