ZIGZAG PAPERS. “Yes, write as you like, for I do not care what your opinions are, but you must respect the laws of decency and of libel.”— En. Star. “ Right, O wise man. I will be reverent of the laws."— Z. ' Walterius : is' a cunning wight, had till lately escaped his keepers, and was enjoying the first fresh vernal airs which-come*-sunlit and aunwarmed, to open for us new buds and blossoms, and promises p£ summer' and autumn ! delights. But he has been recaptured, and he writes, to me more in sorrow than in anger, and again wise words coins from his half-saved noddle.” He begins by referring to the dis closure I made recently as to his melancholy condi tion, and says:—“Do I feel aggrieved at your be trayal of me? Certainly not. Why? Because lam not of the outside world; Because, thank heaven, I* am neither half-sane nor what the world calls sans, and, because T .- therefore can look at matters calmly and philosophically without troubling one rush as to- whether-outside people, may consider my opinion correct or wild. . This is the position I occupy, and I defy you, Sir—though possessed of all the malice of which' writers are capable in this day, or in thoae days gone by that framed the loving story of a loving Christ—with any dart your quiver contains. Pardon me : for a display of warmth when you deserve pity. You do not say it in so many words, but you show, nevertheless, that your pot-boiling and your politics narrow and fetter you. lam careless of these things, ilfy bread always'has been, and always will be, sure. What care lif the outside people—the sane people—are unable to see that their money is being quietly pocketed by the' political monkeys who lead their respective constituencies subject ? Such as these give me; ho concern. You say I am ‘ confined.’ Qranted. t But how are you hound, shackled ? You ..are 'vtramping heavily along that weariest and-ruggedest of-paths,- ! the- struggle for exist ence.’ And the weariness there is within the weariness !,Think of it—the terrible Sisyphus work of arguing and writing against blind human prejudice and passion. You tell your‘sane’ people that they are being robbed,'you point out with unerring finger to every brazen attempt at spoliation, you brush the cobwebs from the scarcely hidden indecency, and you find .you are wasting heart and brain in your thank less task. Now, come; do not weariness and shackles lie here, and are you not as tightly bound as though the .Fbilistinian .withes; were on you? Who of you are any better ?, The.- tradesman looking through his sleepless nights at the ghosts of coming bills! Tbs 'workman who cannot get work, and knows not wbencs the next meal is coming, handicapped with wife and family, and yet more heavily handi capped by.- the. love he bears them! The farmer hut, pshaw! these things are around and about you. Open your eyes, open youi eyes, Sir, and judge .for yourself of the cloud of witnesses. Where, then, are we to find beauty, beneficence, and love, if not in the glad days with their tender beauties, sunsets that symbolise' the ‘ golden shore,’ boisterous winds that grip and brace you, solemn shadows, and the down come nights with their gulfs of stars ? [You see, dear Mr Editor, how eloquently and meanderingly he raves. But he is perfectly harmless, I assure you, and, frith, Sir, there is much matter and method in his mad ness. ] This life is a happy one if we knew how to live it and how to die out of it. Yon call ns mad, Qod help you ! Why do you apeak thus of us ? Because you are in, the majority., There is the whole point argued with a word. Four-fifths of those I now see pacing in 1 the yard below are happy, far happier, believe me, than you or any of your sane companions are with their caching cares, their deceit and lying and broken vows, their miserable subterfuges and their meannesses. From this their debasement morally; from how many causes their debasement physically ? Enter your hotels some Saturday night, good Sir,and for heaven's sake judge of what you see there before pitying us. That' f poor devil’ at Emerald Hill'be longed to you of the outside, if I mistake not. How dare you judge the unfortunate, or moralise on luo step he has taken into the darkness beyond ? What know you of bis trials and temptations, of Bis struggling and passionate reproachinga and haunt ings? How might .you, or any of you, have acted in his place ?—you, : and all of you who yet possess tne eminent respectability of not having been found ou . [Poor fellow, he is getting a little incoherent, you see, but'there is still some quaintness of point, and even of bitterness, about bis impetuous string of queries.] Confess your ignorance of the.feelings of the , PP^ e pantaloon. What but age can tell the restful fee mg that steals upon it at the end of the long string o years, beaded with so much change and enort ar. episode ? What but age can tell the happiness and gre« calm of that paasiveness that is letting the cur down so lovingly before the final sleep has com - Sir, life is a mystery, bat do not laugh at it, and, o • it is so pathetic, all the way from spring to wm • and yet life is happiness if we could but know i appreciate it, and the over-arching power is “J® - ~ have nothing .to add, Mr Editor, to my poor r * , closing words. By heaven, I feel sometimes X like to be as crazy as he, for he evidently sees c into a good many of the humbugs as well solemnities of life, and he has the grand advan a perfect fearleaanesa.of utterance. 