PROPOSED RAILWAY TO KILM0RE FROM WOODEND. The adjourned public meeting for the purpose of considering tbe desirability of petitioning Government to construct a railway from Woodend, via Newham, Bochford, and Lancefield, to Kilmore and the North-Eastern Railway, was held at the Shire Office, Newv ham, on Friday, the 27th September, which was well attended, the members of the Council present being Crs. Glover, Gaynor, M'Kenrie, Meagher, Adams, and Savage. Or M'Kenzie in the chair. Mr Bees was appointed to act as secretary pro tern., and then read tbe minutes of the last meeting, also a copy of letter sent to the Minister of Bail ways, with a copy of tbe resolutions then passed, and a letter acknowledging receipt of the same. The minutes were confirmed. The Chairman said it had been already pointed out that the proposed line is of great importance to the inhabitants of the district, and in spite of the remarks of the Lancefield paper he was quite sure that it would be of great public benefit to those living along the proposed line, and to the public-in general, and that every effort should be used to carry out the object and to obtain the sanction of Government to the line. Moved by Cr Meagher and seconded by Mr Adams, that the committee formed be called the Newhamshire Railway League. Carried. The Chairman stated that those present at last meeting were formed into a committee, with power to add to their number, and now proposed the names of Messrs Meagher, Glover," J. Keating, Broadfoot, Crawford, Ritchie, Anderson, Shelton, Harley, Pavey, Middleton, JenkinB, and Christian. Seconded by Cr Adams. Carried. Mr John Keating moved and Mr Broadfoot seconded, that the Newhamshire Council be requested to co-operate with_ the Newhamshire Railway League. Carried. Cr Meagher moved that the committee be inBtructed to communicate with the shires of Bomsey and Kilmore, and the boroughs of Creswick and Daylesfoid, asking for their co-operation and assistance in carrying out tbe objects of this league. Seconded by Cr Savage. Carried. Cr Savage moved that a copy of the minutes of both the meetings held be forwarded to the several bodies mentioned in the last resolution. Seconded by Cr Glover. Carried. Moved by Mr Eli Jones, seconded by Mr Adams, that the Council of the City of Ballarat be also written to in addition to the bodies already named. Carried. Cr Glover stated that it was supposed and stated that much opposition might be expected from Lancefield, as the Lancefield people seemed to be under the impression that the Woodend people wanted to take them twenty miles out of their way. He showed the fallacy of this, as, if the proposed line was carried on to Kilmore, they would be in communication with the North-' Eastern line, and that would only increase their distance from Melbourne four miles, and the proposed line would open np to them a market for the root produce, not only of Lanoefield, but of tbe district throngh which it passed, that is, to tbe New South Wales markets. So far from its being based upon a selfish view on the part of. Woodend, it was an idea that would benefit the whole community, and the Lancefield district as much as any, and he thought they Bhould give it their utmost support; the line would, no doubt, be extended from Daylesford to Creswick and Ballarat, and then a direct communication opened from the latter place to the North-Eastern line. If the line from Lancefield road to Lancefield is constructed there is an end of it; but by this line communication would be opened up from Ballarat in the west to the North-Eastern line, and so on to New South Wales. (Applause.) The Chairman (fully endorsed the views of Cr Glover, and Baid that much of the Lancefield opposition arose in order to make that place a final terminus, whereas, this proposed line was to connect that place and the intermediate districts with the North- Eastern line, and open communication straight across the country to Daylesford, Creswick,and Ballarat. Hethought these advantages, when represented to the Minister of Railways, would induce him to eanotion this line. Cr Savage moved that the Minister of Railways be invited by the committee to visit this district and see for himself the proposed line of railway. The hon. Minister always seemed anxious to judge for himself the. best lines to be adopted, and he did not doubt but that be (the Mimster) would be favourably impressed with the advantages of the proposed line. Cr Meagher seconded the motion, end fully coincided with the ideas of its proposer, and pointed out that tiie line from Lancefield Boaa to Lancefield " would run for some twelve miles through a sheep run, from which no traffic could be obtained, whilst the proposed line after leaving Woodend, would run through a rich agricultural district. The motion was also supported by Cr Glover, who also pointed out the large passenger traffic likely to arise from visitors to the Hanging Bock. Carried. A unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman, who, in returning thanks, said he certainly was interested in the success of the movement from a desire that the greatest 'good should arise to the greatest number, and, be might say, as a'native of the district, that the district might improve. SRTRNUO -FIBE TO THE PIO PENS.—Some stroller bad evidently been making a bed in one of tbe pig pens in the covered shed at the Shire Tards, on Wednesday, and had left some fire behind him, as, on Thursday morning, Mr Bromley discovraed fire arising from one of the pens, and, on going there, found a lot of rags and straw burning. It is fortunate that the fire was discovered in time to prevent further damage. EKTEBTATNMXNT ATWOOBEIO).—On Wednesday evening last, an entertainment was given at the Mechanics' Institute, Woodend, by and for the benefit of the local brass band, which proved a great success, both as to the amusement afforded, and the attendance, the hall being well filled, although, bad the weather been more favorable, no doubt it would have been crammed. The band has now been established for some time, and has, nnder the able tuition of Mr J. Haig, attained such proficiency as to be highly creditable to both-the performers and their instructor. This was fully evinced by the .manner in •which they executed two selections during the evening, both of which were loudly applandeid.- jniey were.bn this occasion asmstei by the members of the Kyneton band, who, in the handsomest manner, volunteered their gratuitous services, and played'several pieces before the commencement of the entertain ment, and a set of waltzes between the con. cert and farce, in most adinirafcile style. The celebrated G. Bromley created great merriment by his various songs and performances, which were -rapturously, applauded. Songs were also given by Messrs W.. Cock and PenBom, from Kyneton, and Mr W. Harris, of Bomaey, -the - latter gentleman acting as accompanist' in bis well-kDOwn excellent style; Two 'recitations were spiritedly rendrasedby Mr Allen, and were much appreciated. The entertainment concluded with the negro comic drama/entitled," The ghost in a pawnshop,"- Toby, the nigger, being represented by Mr Bromley, who iept thfe audience in iroars of laughter from beginning to ®nd. He was weU snpported by Messrs Burchell and C. DanieL, as Old Grimes and Mtae Joe. The whole entertainment gave the greatest satisfaction to all present it is to fe hoped wiU mateiriaUy bSLefit the funds of the band,'the members of which deserve all praise and support for thar 'laridable endeavors ±0 supplySBO pleating asource jto ^g inhabitants of Woodend. MrffM^knnejpffimated^diMnnaninhis VBual a short • but in «pemng iB vonoum ohsai ov' ii'rw .fegdJCAV^U unVirvT i xmssu.' hv .«r«««S' i 