'A Distinguished Visitor" at tho Races. As I have, since my laBt lucubrations, become too universally identified by the public at largo, and as such general recognition militated against my opportunities of taking unsuspected obser- vations of people and incidents, I yesterday proceeded to the racecourse at Eaglo Farm dis- guised os a gentleman. This expedient proved a pronounced success. My most intimate frionds did not recognise me, I passed undor the observation of Inspector Lewis without exciting in his mind the interest ho is generally good enough to display in me by telling off a plain clothes-man to attend me during tho day and keep his eye on me. Un-noted, I mingled with the giddy crowd without turning the giddy crowd's head. On ontoring tho onolosure the new grand stand and lawn naturally were the first attractions, and mightily handsome additions to tho accessories of the course they oro. But their sovere respectability chilled and discomfited mo for a while, until I discovered that by a curious over- sight, whilo bookmakers wore precluded from plying thoir avocations in this holy of holios, the enolosure was onimated by a whole host of sweepB. There wero acoreB of sweeps on tho lawn, I joined a sweop and felt more in my element. I discovered, however, that sweeps ore not to be trusted, financially. My swoop did mo out of half-a-crown. Moral : You can touch a sweop and not bo sooted. After this ex- perience I sought refuge among the vulgar, and my attention was immediately seized by a vociferous specimen of the genus bookmakor who had ticketed bia name and address on his hat- band, and was industriously acquainting the public that ho wanted to lay, " I want to lay 1 " , roared this individual. No one appeared to offer any objection. Still he did not appeal easy in his mind. He enquired, with sarcastic emphasis, whether anybody had any monoy, and a souse of being taunted with impeouniosity and lack of enterprise diffused itself through the listening crowd. Still no ono made any romark. The knight of tho pencil raised his voice, Ho ejacu- lated his gallinaceous impulso in italics ; he yelled it in small capitals ; ho roared it in tho largest print. Ho opened his satchol and flourished before the oyos of tho publio a bundle of bank notes which he soemod to regard in tho light of a noBt-egg. For portinaciouB announce jneut of. a desire to lay. I consider that young man unrivalled by any hen of i£f acquaintance. The opportunities afforded a discriminating publio for losing their money wero multitudinous. Wheels of fortune (or of misfortune), Beven'B the main, and three-card men abounded. Thore waa besides an original genius who dispensed wealth in scaled envelopes at a shilling oach. These might, ho pointed out to his circle of admirers, contain twenty shillings, or they might contain only coppera. He waa extremely candid and fair, and in my own presence a lucky individual invested a shilling with tho good fortune to find about a pound's worth of silver in his packet. Stimulated by this magnificent result, and encouraged by the oloquouce of the speculator, who dropped his envelope on the empty case upon whioh he stood with an appetising ehink, and remarked casually that tluit particular packot " sounded like silver," several ventures were made with results closely akin to investments in a copper mine during the mania of 1871. They got somo uno specimens of copper, but on the whole the affair did not pay. Returning at intervals to view the progresa of this capitalist I seldom failed to como upon the lucky man making another big profit and being succeeded by a small shoal of imitators who fell in for copper mines. A hook-nosed man with a tuft whom I recognised as a guileless countryman whom I saw at the late intercolonial cricket match winning largely at roulette tables, was on this occasion bossing ono of these finanoial estab- lishments himself, Und displaying remarkably ready arithmetic in adding up the sum on a round dozen of dice thrown to determine the winners at his table. The knight of the rubicund coun- tenance was also to tho fore with his table and doing very well. Nor was the fair sox unrepre- sented. At one whoel-of-fortuno a fair creature presided. She was equipped in a sort of yachting suit of navy-blue, and took no unfair advantage of her sex. She laid no lures for the mala creatures, Hors was not the pleading, ogling lines. The young woman, in fact, was extremely business-liko, and with a fixed countenance upon which a fiery succession of blushes did not alternate with an ashy paleness, nor did hor pleading eyes suggest that sho was forced to this occupation by a tyrannical stop-father. In fact, Bhe was quite composed, and repeated in a mono- tonous voice: "Sport and play; stake your money, gentlemen, while the hand's in motion." I observed with contempt a freckled Scotchman who was taking advantage of the weaker sex by waiting till the very last revolution of the pointer, and thon putting down saxpence on the division where the index was sure to stop. There's wealth and standing in store for that canny chiol, I surmise. At another table, run on simi- lar principles, the presiding genius was a mus- cular young man, with a broad- bridged nose. This sturdy individual had obviously been selected to preside by reason of his brawn. Op- posite to him stood a very calm Chinaman, who played every round, and, to an observer who re- marked how the heathen kept his eye on that young man, had very much tho air of proprietor. The threo-card-men mustered in force. Their paraphernalia were simple. Three cards from the cheapest description of pack, and an empty case set them up. I hovered around with much interest, and observed with amusement how very cosy it seemed to be to spot the right card. Why, these foolish simplo follows the three-card-men had actually turned down the corner of the card, and had never noticed that it could be readily recognised in any situation. Several keen-looking persons observed this, and won pound after pound, and then they winked to alow-going strangers to invite them to follow their example and Bpoil the spoiler. Somehow, however, when the indi- viduals thus favored with the "straight tip" went for that obvious certainty, the card with the turned down point didn't turn out to be the right one after au. If there is any room for cavil respecting the acuteness of the three card men, I should say it was over- keenness. The play was for £1 every time, and I never Baw one of the publio escape. The "stalls" did all the winning. "Stalls" for asses, I call them. Approaching one of the groups around one of these little swindles, I craned my neok to see what was going on, and by so doing attracted the attention of a large man, with a magnificent watch chain of golden, yet brassy appearance' This hero instantly jostled sundry raw lads, who plainly had no money, to one Bide, and, as if un- intentionally, cleared an avenue for me to get well forward. At the samo time, the party working the lay boldly lifted his gin case a yard forward to meet me. Here, however, all appa- rent interest in my innocent, and (positively for this occasion only) gentlemanly, appearance ceased. The large man, with some suddenness, allowed me to die out of his consciousness, and, although he had undoubtedly been at some painB to facilitate my progress, monopo- lised the whole attention of the manager by being struck with an unpremeditated mania to engage in rapid play, in the course of which he exhibited considerable discretion. Once ho won ; twice he lost At these revorses he becaino thoughtful as he produced a third bank note. He hesitated ¡ tho " banker" be- came vehement in his exhortations to the largo man to rally his courage and " 'ave 'is revenge." Suddenly the countenance of the large man lighted up. Ho had been mumbling the corner of his note in his mouth, and a bit had como de- tached. Ho was Btruok. with an idea, and ex- pressed doubts as to the fairness of the cards. Tho worthy proprietor was gravely indignant at such aspersions on his good faith. He offered the cards for inspection. The large man handled thom, and I regret to say the wicked follow deftly stuok on the back of tlie cnrd the speck of chewed bank-note ho had detached. As ho per- formed this foat of legerdemain-which the inno- cent " banker" did not happon to notice at all the largo man caught my oye, and indulged me with n sagaciouB and confidential glance. And then ho went in and won. Oh 1 how he did win. Evon the bland propriotor swore and snarled at that bad big man, who, however, was not all evil, for he signed mo to succeed him at the table and make my fortune by that marked card. I was unresponBivo, and then the bad big man and the bland banker both looked vexed, and a shabby person with a broken noso, whom I had not boforo noticed, jostled a young man next mo with the result of sending him against me, and mattors looked so cloudy that I resumed my peregrinations. An exponent of "Savon's tho Main" next attracted my notice. His matorials for acquiring competence consisted simply of n broken noso, a rusty voico, a pair of dioe (curious that pair o' dice should Bound so liko Paradise and bo so like tho other place), and an old gin case marked with a 7 an O andan E in separate divisions. I havono idea how this swindle is worked. I didn't see any buBinoss done. In faat, duringmy observation the propriotor was chiofly ongaged in implor- ing an iuappreciative public to " give him a Btart." On the occasion of one of those appoals I chanced to be within the range of this person's observation. Ho was a shabby man, a disroputablo-looking old rascal, and I later saw him rather intoxicated. But he was shrewd. He penetrated my disguiso. This old vagabond alone discovered that I was not a gentloman. Ho took mo for a member of Parliamout, and after a vaiu appeal for a start in business, he took up his parable and speaking at me with a spiteful emphasis, moaned out " Ob, some of yor will bo wanting a vote directly, and you won't get it from mo, I can tell yor." Hnd I indeed been a political celebrity I believe I Bhould have succumbed on tho spot, and sacrificed sterling coin to tho manoa of Bevon Bovon's the mane, you know. It carno upon mo with all tho force of a rovolation that .hero stood at lost discovered that mystio being, the industrious and intelligent " poor man whose voto dooidos elections. As I contemplated this groat creature, and woighod the contrast between his aBpeot his mouldy, criminal, villainous aspect-and his enormous power and influenco iu the Stato, my bones grew as wax, my tonguo clove to the roof of the grand stand, and I mentally repeated the ejaculation of the dying Pitt of my stomaoh, " Oh, my unhappy country I" Like the dying swan in tho old madrigal, I íoilected that moro geeao than swans now live-moro fools than wiso. Subdued and thoughtful, I moved away from tho presence of this type of our masters, and wondered whether I should ever so Bink-I mean riso-in the sculo of intelligence as to com- mand tho sympathy and confidence of this powerful doss of intelligent and incorruptible voters, But tho racing commonooB, and I hurry into the saddling paddock, and pass the youngstors in roviow with the most knowing air I eau assuino on short notice The Mates' Produce StakoB aie about to bo contoBtod. My vociferous, betting man outside who was so desirous of laying three to ono against anything must feel comfortable as the acceptances appear on tun black board and aro just throe in number. My idea that bookmakers aro nil inspirod and infallible olnss ovaporatos rapidly. I spot the winnor. Off go tho trio, and my choico proved corroot. Thus oncouinged, I was great on tho Plato race. I pronounced that it would lie between Tait and Loder. I inclined to tho former, for the Btorling reason that I recently made a voyage with the veteran sportsman, and found him to bo the moat genial and unassuming of sportsmen and shipmatcB. Consequently, I argued with fair avornge logie, his horse must win. This wob n grand raoo as everybody knows. Strathearn and The Dean came with a rush nt the last. Wo were oxcited in my neighborhood, I don't believe thoro was a fiver on tho race among my neighbors, but, bleBs mo, wo wore perfootly beside ourselves ob tho pair rushed up to tho post. I was not only boBido myself, but-rising to tho occasion-I waa beaido a number of other people. When a dead heat was declared botweon Strathearn and The Dean, I felt that wisdom and preBcionco wore qualities far short of what I had developed. A faiut residue of sense alone pre- vented me from backing my opinion for ovory race to como. This wob just as well, as I was never right in my ideas in any ono of tho suc- ceeding races. As the afternoon waned, tho rigid observance of tho rulos was abated, and bookmakers invaded the lawn. Jolly fat men, straight- forward-looking, gaunt, anxious-looking mon, with a danger signal in their countenance. Hawk billed mon with the bird-of-prey brand strongly legible. It struck mo that those among the bookmakers who boro obvious signs of having sprung from humble beginnings looked tho most honost, while those who had the air of having played, a dcscretccndo scale in the timo of existence, looked horribly dangerous. All alike were liberally anxious to bet odds against things in general. I watched a trial of acute noss betwixt a very sharp-looking professional and an emaciated boy in a tweed suit, with con- siderable interest. The shaip party waB blandly patronising to the youth of the other and offered him considerably less odds than ho had been shouting a moment previous. Ho treated the lad as a schoolboy. But the thin cheeked juvenile was equal to the occasion. He routed his would-be deluder with keon satire, declined his terms, and scornfully treated him. As this precocious genius rotired unscathed from the contest, and I got a full view of his figure, I understood the situation. Those attenuated limbs, that starved aspect, could only belong to a jockey in mufti. But while most of tho talent were noisy, one exceptional individual moved through tho throng with cairn self-possession, remarking-in an off- hand manner and ordinary voice-that he would "lay anything." It occurred to mo to request him to lay a ghost, but those quiet mon are often horribly hasty with their hands, and I forbore, The sort of ghost no bookmaker can lay ia an inn spectre. (To he continued.) E trat bor I or 1 or Í disi wei On he The Allgemeine Zeitung states that all the necessary preparations have been made for assembling, upon the despatch of telegraphic orders, a powerful squadron of German men-of war on the west coast of Nicaragua should that State refuse to give the satisfaction demanded by the German Government for the insult recently offered to its Chargé d'affaires. The fleet will consist of the new iron spar-decked corvette, Leipsic, launohed in 1875, of 3925 tons displacement, and armed with 12 guns-at present on the voyage to Monte Video; the flush-decked wooden corvette Ariadne, 1692 tons, and carrying 6 guns, fitting out for Australia ; the flush-decked wooden corvette Medusa, of 1183 tons, and armed with 9 guns, at the present moment on the coast of Brazil ; and the large wooden spar-decked corvette Elisabeth, of 2468 tons, and carrying 18 guns, now cruising in Japanese waters. The Bay of Papagayo, on the west coast of Nicaragua, is named as the place of rendezvous, and the squadron, if assembled, will be under the orders of Captain von Wickede, captain of the Elisabeth.' 