Things in General. By Simon. They DO mean to fight, By Jingo 1 it is true I They've got the Line and rolling stocks They want the money too ! That's about what's tho niattor with onr truly liberal Government, if those supposed to bo in their confidences nro to be behoved. A little more than a fort night ago the .Premier hoped aud trustod, and trusted and hoped back again, that all disputes betwoon tho Executive and tho Main Lino Railway Company would soon bo amicnbly arranged ; bub tho " arrangement" referred to doesu't seem vory likely to come oil. Tho Uiufatu- ated traitors " who wish to soe tlio colony dischargo its just liabilities are said to bo at the bottom of thu mischief, aud of courso they are. Everything was to have been pleasantly settled on tho arrival of tlio English deputation, but we are now informed that a by no means unimpor tant claim mado by the Company cannot be ciitortuiucd, " even to tlui extent of arbitration." It will consequently have to be doturmiiiud, first in the Supremo Court, and secondly by tho Judicial Com mittee of tho Hrivy Council, after which another loan will be floaioi to pay tho costs awarded against thu colony. It all comes of changing tho programme. About a month ago I (from information received) hnd tho pleasure of announcing thai tho Doputaliou noro to be received at a tea-fight in the Town Hall, but that brilliant, early idea, was giveu up, and now wo all sou thu result ; but wait a bit. Some threo years ago a Melbourne mer chant got into sucli financial troublo that ho was obliged to pour Iuh sorrows into tho somewhat unwilling ears of his creditors, who assembled in Ids back- parlor at liia invitation. Seating himself at thu head of tho table, he said, "Before appointing a chairman, my friends, I will opon this meeting with prayer ! " So he did, and tho consequunne wai that at the expiration of half «m hour a resolution was arrived at, ugreoing that a dividend of fourpunco halfpenny iu the £ should ba accoplcd. Now, if tlio aatno wise course had beau adopted with tho Deputation in the Town Hall, they'd prob ably havo waived all their claims, besides giving handsome subscriptions to each of our chnritablo institutions; but the fatal mistake of allowing them to bo enter tained by tho leading residents was made, and tho dire cllects of the aristocratic junkotitig will long remain to be deplored. Shortly after tho opening of Parliament to-day, tho Premier will movo a declara tory resolution that no Hills, or any othor business, be proceeded witli in tho House of Assembly until after the Secretary shall have furnished Parliament with authentic copies of the Bill of Fare presented to tho guests at each of tho entertainments got up hy infatuated traitors tor tho express purpose of nobbling tho Railway Depu tation; also all doctor's and chemist's bills for advice or medicine, or both, pro scribed or supplied for indigestion, conse quent upon repletion; together with approximate statements of nil wines and spirits consumed. When Inst writing I didn't know that my remarks on the Earl of Bcaconsiicld and Mr. Clark were to bo ho well backed up by "Pillion" in a contiguous allot ment of this journal, and 1 suppose tho ignoranco was what »he young ladies call "reciprocal." Howovor, I thank him all tho same. Since theu I'vo heard by tele gram that whon Iuh Lordship read tho pretty pootry which appeared in " Tho Tribune" concerning him, lie struck an attitude, very hard, and said, " Why 1 this is worth living nil my lifo over again for, and swallowing all I over wrote or talked before 1" 1 shouldn't wonder. By-tlic-byo, I remember that whon deal ing at tho same time with that 4 success" iu which the Austriaus had 1500 men kidcul, I promised to recount those on tho other side. Well, whilst T was writing, a message was wired to tho eilbct that a detachment of Austrian troops hnd hoen destroyed in Herzegovina. Two days later brought ono stating that tho said Austria had achieved a complete victory over the iusurgonts in Bosnia. Truly Bcaconnfield is a peacemaker, and with a .vengeance. It's not easy to please some people. A few days ago a lady called on the registrar of tlio Benevolent Society for an ordor for medical assistance, and when asked if she was iu indigent circumstances she scorn fully, denied tho degrading imputation. Her next step was to complain that iior " wants " had not been attended to. i lonrn that .someone very liku her lias sinco befell wanted in another place. My poor old friend Akeluust, the talented author of " Tho Siego of Troy," and many other good burlesques, has gone to join tiie great majority, and lias leu many a worse follow behind him. He was once naughty, though, .and no " nil sisi " nonsense will got me to sup- press the stern fact. It was on the occasion of a Press dinner given in Melbourne, and the chair, if my memory be not at fault, was occupied by another talented man, Mr. David Blair, who was at that time styled ft Reverend, " though lie has long since, for reasons best known to himself, dropped the title. However, after the usual poetic juatico had been done to the good tilings ; and after a toast or two had boon drunk, poor Akehurst rose aud said, without a ghost of a Binilo oil his face, "Perhaps tho Reverend David Blair will favour us with a comic hymn !" Tho Reverend D. B. was not then sufficiently secular to enjoy tho observation ; but his frowning hud a very mild ctl'ecton the jolly dogs, by whom he was surrounded ; and before another hulf-hour tlioy begun to drink confusion to that " intelligent compositor" they were often indebted to for variations from their usual stylo. Good-byo ! Old " Pal o' mine," and that wasn't the woi'at thing you wrote, either. I gladly renewod my acquaintance last weef with Mr. AVhcatloigh as the Shuughraun, hut I havo long siuco ex hausted in other pluces, my complimonts upon liia admirable stylo of acting. Several of those hy whom he is supported aro new to me, und I am glad at being ttblo to uckuowlcdgo their undoubted' merits. To-night 1 enjoyed another treat in Mr. Wheaticigh, ns Sliauu tho Post in " Arrah-na-Pogue ;" and I'm in a posi tion to stato tlmt lie has n few more in store for us, not tho least of them being Nat Gosling, - tho old trainer, in "The Flying Scud "—one of the most effective pieces ever put upon tlio boards 