THE GRATEFUL POODLE. One day a benevolent physician (.who had read the books), having found a Btray poodle suffering from a broken leg, conveyed the pocr creature to his home, and after Getting and bandaging the injured limb gave the little outcast its liberty again, and thought no more about the matter. Eat how great was hia surprise, upon opening his door on9 morning, Borne days later, to find the grate ful poodle patiently waitiDg there, and in ita company another stray dog, one of whoso legs, by some accident, had been broken. _ The kind physician at once relieved the dis tressed animal, nor did he forget to admire the inscrutable goodness and imercy of i<5od, who had been willing to use so humb a an instrument as the poor outcast poodle for the iacalculating of, etc., etc., etc., SEQUEL. The next morning the benevolent physioian found fcho two dogs, beaming with gratitude, waiting at his door, and with them two othei dogs-cripples. The cripples were speedily healed, and the four went their way, leaving the benevolent physician more overcome bjr pious wonder than ever. The day passed, the morning came. There at the door sat; now the four reconstructed dogs, and with ? them four others requiring reconstruction* . This day also paased, and another morning; came; and now sixteen dogs, eight of them newly crippled, occupied the Bide walk, and - tho people were going around. By noon the broken legs were ail set, but the pious' wonder in the good physician's breast w&i; beginning to get mixed with involuntary: profanity. The sun rose once more, and exhibited thirty-two dogs, sixteen of them ' with broken legs, occupying the sidewalk and half of the street; the human spectators took up the rest of the room. The cries ot the wounded, the songs of the healed brutes, and the comments of the on-looking citizem made great and inspiring cheer, but traffio - "Was" Interrupted in that street. The good' physician hired a couple o£ assistant surgeona aud got through his benevolent work before dark, first taking the precaution to cancel' his ohurch membership, so that be might express himself with the latitude which the case leqaired. But some things have their limits. When: once more the morning dawned, and the good' physician looked out upon a massed and far-' reaching multitude of clamourous and'' beseeching dogs, he said, " I might as well acknowledge it, I have been fooled by the books; they only tell the pretty part of the atory, and then etop. Fetch me the shot-; gnn; this thing has gone along far enough.", He i-sued forth with his weapon, and' chanced to step upon the tail of the original poodle, who promptly bit him in the leg. How the great and good work which this poodle had been engaged in, had engendered in him such a mighty and augmenting enthusiasm as to turn his weak head- at last t and drive him mad. A month later, whenr the benevolent physician lay in the death1 throes of hydrophobia, ho called hi3 weeping, friends about him, and Baid: " Beware of the books. They tell but half' of the story. Whenever a poor wretch aska. you for help, and you feel a doubt as to what' result may flow from your benevolence, giye yourself tho benefit of the doubt and kill , the applicant." And so saving he turned hia faoe to the ; wall and gave up the ghost. -Mark Twain. 