LITERATURE The Storyteller. The Beauty in the Wood. "JACQUES, my good fellow, this last mile has been perfectly intolerable. If you do not reach your much-boasted hostelry Soon, not only my horse, but I, myself, shall be utterly exhausted," and the speaker grew a shade whiter and reeled forward in his saddle as he spoke. It was nearly the close of a sultry September day, and the sun was sinking, like a ball of fire, behind the distant mountains in upper Lorraine. The riders had been in the saddle for many hours, but one of them, a middle- aged, sturdy looking peasant, seemed hardly the worse for the fatigue. His companion was a tall man, young and handsome. He wore a military dress, and carried a small case, much resembling a dispatch-box, slung in front of his saddle. He looked like an Englishman, with his blonde beard and deep-blue eyes; but bis dashing, soldierly seat in the saddle had been learned in many a wild charge over the battle field. Jacques shook his head. "What would M*sieu have ?" he asked, with a helpless shrug. "The horses are good beasts, none better, but what horse can travel from dawn to sunset without failing ? It is only wonderful that they do not fall by the roadside, and then—what would Maitre Pierre say ? As for the village of St Etienne, it is seven good miles by the road— five, as the crow flies; what,would M'sieu have ? It is destiny." All this in an execrable patois, with many gesticulatiens and untranslatable shrugs. "Destiny or not, my good Jacques," returned the other, in fluent French, " I must sit down by the roadside soon, and let you go on alone ; my wound is growing more painful, and there is a sensation accompanying it which I don't like. Think again, my friend; you say that you know the country hereabouts—is there not some hut, however simple, this side of St Etienne, where I can rest for a while ? Seven miles more of this torture in my shoulder would be more than I can endure and keep my senses." Even Jacques stolid soul was not proof against the testimony of the grey pallor of his master's face. He saw plainly that faintness was over coming hint. Jacques' hands went up in an in vocation to his patron saint " There is one place not more than two miles off where perhaps I could take M'sieu ; but there are difficulties. It is a place where no one goes—indeed, they say that Mere Margot is an old witch, although she is related to me —the Madonna defend us I" and Jacques, crossed himself devoutly. " But if M'sieu will promise on his sacred word as a gentleman never to reveal that he has been there, or that I took him " " Yes, yes," interrupted the other, impatiently, "anything that you will; but, for heaven's sake, lead the way. Is there no brandy in your flask?" Jacques pulled it out " Hardly a half wine glass left, M'sieu ; but take it, pray." A faint tinge of color came back to the wounded man's face after swallowing the brandy, and in a few moment's he declared himself ready to proceed. " Very well; but if M'sieu is going to the chateau he must turn out of the highway and go direct into the forest" " Have I not told you to lead the way ?" said the other. Then, less impatiently, " A chateau, Jacques ? I think that the further you and I keep from the chateaux in this part of Lorraine tho better for the safety of our neckß." "Ah, but M^sieu mistakes," said Jacques eagerly. " Thoy belong to the French noblesse, these DOr vales. It is a singular family ; but the last Baron fell at Sedan for France, M'sieu. Would M'sieu like to hear of the last living D'Orvaleß?" His companion nodded, rather carelessly, and Jacques lowered his voice and drew his horse nearer the other in his self- elected importance as raconteur. "The.last Baron was, they say, a sad wild fellow, but very proud, liko all his raco. He grew up at the chateau with his mother, for his father died when he was a baby. But Madame, the old Baronne, ah ! she was terrible. Every one stood in awe of her ; the old servants hated her, while they trembled before her. She had the evil eye, and M'sieu knows that one dare not offend one who has that After the Baron had been a man grown for some years, Madame, his mother, became anxious that he should marry, that the old name might not die out. So, hearing of some demoiselle in Paris, the child of an old friend and grand dame, who was of a marriageable age, she set forth on a journey to arrange the affair, leaving the Baron to his own pursuits at the chateau. Is Monsieur listening ?" . Monsieur was. "Nobody knew how it came to pass, but after his mother's departure the Baron behaved like another man. The evil eye was removed I suppose. The studies and books to which he had been some time devoted were abandoned, and he went hunting and riding about the country from morning until evening. Then Madame fell ill in Paris. She was always hoping to get better, and so would not send for her son : it was bad weather too; anyway, Monsieur, month after month passsed, and she did not return. At last one day the servants at the chateau were amazed to receive instructions from their master to make ready the state apartments, for he was about to bring home a bride. Does Monsieur Bee ?" Monsieur did. "It was not the bride for whom his mother bad destined him," continued Jacques, " but au English girl, whom he had met and fallen iv love with at the littl« village of St. Etienne. Some young northern domoiselle who had been travelling with friend*;—their governess, it was said ; and uho foil ill at St. Etienne and had to be left there. But oh, M'sieu, she was beautiful as a dream ! The country people say her hair was like a glory about her bead, and her eyes had the look of the Madonna's. No wonder the Baron worshipped her; they thought he would have died for her." " What came of it T . "It was months before Madame returned to Lorraine. Perhaps news travels slowly to Paris, or the Baron kept the secret well ; at least when Madame returned she did not know that a daughter-in-law awaited her. When her carriage drove up, the servants were all in the hall, and the Baron met his mother. He kissed her and led her up to where the young Baronne stood blushing and trembling. It Beemed as if the mother divined what was to follow, for she oast an envious glance at the young lady, and said in her most insulting, haughty voice, ' Whom hast thou here, Philippe ? a new house maid ? She is too pretty for the place !' It is said that the Baron answered her back with a spirit- haughty as her own, ' You are quite right in thinking her too beautiful for any but the reigning place, mother ; this is my wife !' Bold of him, was it not, Monsieur ?" Monsieur nodded. "Oh, then, M'sieu, the storm broke. The old Barronne raised her hand and cursed them both ; she cursed the babe unborn. Her words were awful. ' May the babe be as beautiful and more witless than you are 1' she said to the wife; 'may it show as little affection for its own flesh and blood as my son has shown for me, and may no blessing fall on the D'Orvaleß until a stranger come from a distant land and be»r it away from its forefathers' home ?' " " Sho must have been a curious old lady. Go on. " The young Baronne fell like a dead person upon the floor, and Madame swept away to her own apartments. It was doubtless the influence of the evil eye which prevented the Baron from seeing how his poor young wife pined away after that night And at last she gave birth to a child and died. Two months after the old Baronne was found dead in her bed, and rumors came abroad that there were strange black marks around her throat as if the fiend incarnate had. come to claim his own." The half-incredulous smile with which the stranger had listened throughout increased to one of mockery. "What became of the child?" he asked. "Did the fiend and the old Baronne spirit that away, too ?" " No, M'sieu, it was a girl." " And what has become of the Baron I" " He was killed at Sedan, M'sieu." "Where is the child?" "She has been always at the chateau, M'sieu, with old Jean-Marie, and Margot, hi* wife. The young lady has had a discreet dame tgouvernante : tDdoMM de compagnie; but lately we heard that she was ill, or dead." M Why, then, need you make so such fuss about seeking refuge at the chateau? Surely precautions are not needful when one only craves a night's lodging, and that of necessity." "Evidently Monsieur does not comprehend: the chateau is haunted by evil things. Nothing flourishes there; all goes to decay; and the families about it will not visit. And Margot! ah, she las a "tongue I but I think she will admit me because she is a great aunt to my wife's cousin. Look there, M'sieu; you can see the chateau." They had been going at quite a slow pace, for the road was a bad one, and evidently seldom travelled. But, as they turned abruptly to the left, the tall gray turrets with their sugarloaf peaks arose clearly before them, above the trees and the underbush which impeded their progress. As they came nearer, the wild deserted appear ance of everything excited the stranger's atten tion. " It's almost equal to a palace of the fairy tales," said he, aloud, speaking in English. "If it were not for my nineteenth-century in credulity I might fancy that it held the sleeping Princess of the Wood." " Comment, M'sieu ?" said Jacques, catching the words imperfectly, and fancying himself addressed. " How do you propose to enter ?" was the traveller's answering question ; and again he found himself wondering whether he should not find a trumpet suspended to the gate-post, upon which he must blow a peal loud enough to awaken the Bleeping inhabitants. Jacques was looking about him, as if in some uncertainty himself. His tired master rode forward to the gateway. "Not there, M'sieu," cried Jacques in dis may. "There is another gate somewhere be hind the chateau ; or we might get through the hedge, perhaps, or over the wall, but we must leave our horses outside. Jean- Marie may per haps come to Bee after them, but it would never do to anger la Mere Margot by riding in on horseback." Riding round, and getting over the tangled mass of grass and overgrown weeds as beat they could, Jacques peeped in all directions for an entrance, and found it. " Here is the gate, M'sieu : but it is locked. Blessed' St. Jean ! we cannot climb those iron railings. What is to be done ?" Upon which helpless question, the stranger impatiently aiezed the half hidden handle of a bell, and sounded a loud peal. Before its echoes had died away, a voice rose behind them. "Be off! What dost thou want? We can have no stragglers about the chateau d'Orvule." Just beyond the gate stood an old withered-up woman. She looked like a bit of a vixen, but yet her black bead-like eyes had a gleam in them that was not altogether unkindly ; on her arm was a basket half-full of wood, which she had evidently been gathering. "La Me>e Margot," began Jocqueß, removing his hat, and speaking in a conciliatory tone, "I am Jacques Virot; dost thou not remember ? M'sieu, here, is ill, and unable to proceed even as far as St. Etienne. For old acquaintance sake, Mere Margot, give us shelter for to-night." But Mere Margot, instead of replying to this civil speech, proceeded to rate him soundly for daring to come at aIL Did bis impertinence think that the chateau wav an auberge, or that she had time to watite in getting supper for such as he ? And how did she know that the stranger might not be one of the accursed Prussians, not one of whom had ever yet crossed the threshold of the chateau ? The Btraoger cut short the harangue. " I have been wounded, good mother," said he." But lam fully able to pay for your hospi tality ; though I would not offend you by offer ing money, knowing the hospitable reputation of the d'Orvales," More Margot looked at him keenly. "Humph!" said she. "Who are you that you can know anything of us ? Blonde and big —you are a Prussian!" " Whether I am or not," said the- stranger, disregarding her fierce tone," I fought for France at Sedan." The woman's face softened. He is too young to lie while looking in my eyes, she muttered. " But—no ! why should Idoit ? Go to St Etienne for your lodgings." Just then a cleat, bird-like voice was heard humming a song on the other side of the gate. Margot gave an uneasy glance in the direction whence it came. " I tell you, sir, we can't shelter you. Jacques Virot, begone. How dare you come here ; don't you know this place is sacred ?" Lifting her hands to enforce obedience, the stranger, utterly exhausted, fell heavily to the ground. At the same moment the gate was opened, and a Blight beautiful girl appeared. "Where's your key that you should ring, Margot ? I heard Jean abusing you for forget ting it. And—what is tins ? Who are they ?" The sweet bell-like voice faltered; the young girl drew back. Inspiration seized on Jacques. He resolved to appeal to her. "For the love of Heaven, Mam'selle La Baronne, let me carry him in. If he has not some brandy and his wound is not dressed, he will die. See, he has fainted !" " Bah ! he is a Prussian," cried Margot; " let him die." But the little Baronne said not a word ; she glided toward him. " He will not die," she said, nodding her head, after long scrutiny of the senseless form in Jacques' arms. " But he will he company for me, and lam tired of the loneliness. Margot, tell Jean-Marie to come here and help carry him to the chateau." She gave the order in cold imperious tones, very singular in one so young as seventeen. Jacques looked at her in open- mouthed admira tion. Margot began to grumble; but the Baronne quietly repeated her order, and Margot hobbled oft, scolding as she went. When he came out of his long swoon, he opened his eyes on surroundings that, at first, completely bewildered him. He lay upon a wide sofa, in the centre of a large, gloomy looking saloon ; Jacques was bending over him ; and an old man who kept up an incessant talk ing in a species of monotone was applying some sort of cooling lotion to his shoulder—Jean- Marie, no doubt. As his senses came back, his eyes lingered long and wonderingly upon the huge old fire-place, where a handful of wood was burning, and in front of which sat a strange, lovely figure. She wore a long robe of black velvet, quaint in style. The sleeves were wide and trimmed with costly lace ; and there was a bit of the same yellow lace around her fair white throat. Down over the dead black dress floated an exquisite mass of long waving hair: the hair that is golden in sunlight, and rare brown in the shade ; the face was oval, with delicate pearly skin and short red lips, and the eyes were hazel brown, beneath dark and beautifully-pencilled eye-brows. Yet, with all its exquisite beauty, there was a curious want in the face; it was almost such a one as Undine's may have been before she gained her soul. She was sitting with her head resting upon her hand ; but when the sick man spoke she rose and came toward him. " He has blue eyes," she murmured to herself, in the amazed tone of a discoverer. " I did not think they would be so handsome." " I speak French," said he, unable to help a boyish blush at this remark. " Very good," Baid she, blushing too, but not allowing herself to be disturbed. " I never saw bluo eyes before; all the peasants have black ones. I thought you spoke only German. Are you a Prussian ?" " I am an Englishman, but my mother was French, and all my sympathies are with the French. My name is Henry Arthur Livingston. Have I not the honor of addressing the Baronne d'Orvftle ?" "I am Lucille d'Orvalo," she said, simply. " I am glad you came—you will bo a companion for me. lam tired of this lonely chateau, with only Jean-Marie and Margot to talk to—except my pigeons. My good old gouvernante, Mme. Deglonne, is gone. Her son is ill and she had to go to him." " And they do not provide you with another !"' he exclaimed, asking the question in sheer amaze ment. "Do you mean my guardian—the man of business in Paris ? He does not know. What would you ? With the country devastated by this dreadful war, who is to let him know? He would not have time to think of me. And he has no power over me—he only sends the rents. I am my own mistress." "Mam'selle, the supper is ready," said the voice of Margot from the door. But the Baronne shrugged her pretty shoulders. " I will have it here, with Monsieur," said she tersely ; and Margot disappeared. " What did you say you were called ?" began Lucille, curiously. " My name is Harry (or, as you would call it, Henri) Livingston." " Liveenstone," she said stumbling over it. " It is too long ; I shall call you Monsieur Henri. And you live in the strange country where the people are barbarians!" " Englishmen are not barbarians, mademoi selle." " But I tell you they are. Papa said it, and papa knew. He was a savant. Oh, he was so good and he knew so much." Livingston smiled in the midst of his pain. " All of them, at least, are not," he said. " I for one." He again recurred to his fancy of the en chanted castle. A creature so lonely, helpless, and singularly childlike he had never Been ; she was the genuine princess of a fairy tale. But she proved herself enough like ordinary mortals to give him a cup of deliciously made coffee, which Margot brought in ; and, when he explained his inability to hold it because of his wounded shoulder, she gravely seated herself on a choir at his side, cup in hand. " Never mind, I will give it to you from tho Bpoon ; I did so once to papa, when he was ill" There was nothing for it but acquiescence. So Livingston submitted to have part of the coffee trickle down his neck without a murmur, and wondered whether Hebe had administered nectar to the gods in a like embarrassing manner. Jacques was in a dazed condition ; not only had he obtained entrance to the chateau in a very unexpected manner, but here was la petite Baronne actually helping M'sieu with her own hands, as beautiful as an angel, but one of those fearful D'Orvaleß, nevertheless. "They say that Madame's ghost walks here at night—the Madonna preserve us !" thought he. Jacques crossed himself devoutly, and included M'sieu in the sign, by way of foiling any bad spirits who might be hovering around. But the traveller began to look very pale and exhausted, and Lucille wished him good night. Margot came in very cross, and' told Jean-Marie that the gentleman's bed was ready, and that he had better go to it. In the morning Harry Livingston found him self too ill to move ; the wound had been too long without attention, and his ride had aggra vated it terribly. Jacques went over to St. Etienne, and brought from thence the only doctor that the little village could boast; but he proved equal to the emergency. Being too cautious to use many medicines, he confined himself to keeping down the fever which threatened Livingston, and nature, left to hersolf, brought the patient through in safety in the course of a few days. The doctor's sister, a benevolent middle-aged dame, came over often, and gave much countenance to the young Baronne. After that came the days of convales cence ; weary enough they would have been to the sick young man but for bis little hostess. She was at once the most fascinating fairy like vision that Livingston had ever seen. He had known very many beautiful women—the loveliest and best-bred of his own charming countrywomen—but they lacked the subtle curiouß attraction of Lucille. She was such a child ; all simplicity, unsophiatication, and guileless innocence. Passion was unknown to her ; love had never touched her breast. Know ing nothing of conventionalism, in her inter course with Livingston she was free as Bhe could have been with a brother, Bitting by his sofa half the day, and talking with him by the hour together. Of her dead father she spoke in reverent admiring terms ; she gloried in his patriotism, and in his falling for France ; but of actual love, even for him, Livingston half doubted whether she knew the meaning. All the sublime heroic side of s woman's character seemed wanting, or else it slept; she was an elf, a fairy, a sprito—or, in less lover-like phrase, a careless lovely child. " Monsieur Henri," Lucille would call, stand ing under his window, when he began to get about, " come down and see me feed the pigeonß. Jean-Marie has gone to the village, Margot is in her kitchen, Jacques sees to the horses—and, for me, lam lonely. Hasten then." And Harry would progress down the long stairs as far as his half-restored strengh would permit, to be met half-way by Lucille, who would insist upon aiding him with her slender arm. All scenes were not so pleasant as this, how ever. Lucille would sometimes ask Livingston to tell her of his own home and country ; and, although his stories of it and of his life there seemed to hold a strange charm for her, she would manifest a curious jealousy of them. Let him look a trifle more tired than usual, and her lovely lips wonld curl in vexation ; she would irritate him with suggestions that he was suffering from ennui and mat dv payt, and threaten to leave him and never come back to the saloon any more. And then Livingston would implore and coax her until he saw the usual half-sweet half-arch smilo come back to tho lovely face, aud a truce would be proclaimed between them. But one memorable morning, when Lucille carried this rather far, Livingston adopted an entirely different line of tactics. That is, if he thought of tactics at aIL Lucille announced that she had lessons to learn, (she was always talking of the studies that the death of her governess had left incomplete), and that she must leave Monsieur for tho rest of the day. Upon which, to her great surprise, Monsieur responded with stately courtesy that ho should be pained to think of detaining her from her learned researches, and that he had the honor to wish Mademoiselle la Baronne a very good morning. " I have wasted too much time upon you, Monsieur Henri," she cried hotly. " I will not say to you, 'go—leave the chateau* — the D'Orvales know not such inhoepitality. But of my company you have had too much. Very well! You shall have no more of it until you come to bid good-bye before leaving for your belle payß, whero you long to be. Open the door, Monsieur, will you be so good?" And the little stately figure Bwept past him into the corridor, with cheeks aflame and lipß apart. He watched her go. Did he love her or hate her most? And which passion was it that prompted him to pick up from the marble floor, where her own little foot had crushed it, a blue gentian-flower dropped from her waistband, and to hide it carefully in his vest ? She did not come back. No ; though he fretted and fumed and watched incessantly. A wearily long day he found it without her ; and when Margot brought him hiß meal at noon she reported that Mademoiselle had shut herself iv her little study in the east turret-chamber and would neither open the door nor come down stairs. Further dismayed questions on the part of Livingston only mode Margot ctosb. Ho was fain to eat the food set before him, and tried to while away the afternoon with an old aud much-worn copy of Sallust which he had picked up the day before. But lie was still weak from the effect of hw wouud, and presently the worda began to dauce before his eyes, his head dropped forward on the table, and in a few moments h* wan asleep. Two hours later ho was awaked by h terrified whisper. " M'sieu, M'aieu, awake fur the love of heaven! They are here; they have sur rounded the chateau; fly, M'sieu, while you can!" Livingston started up, to see the terrified face of Jacques bending over him. " They !—who?" demanded he, instinctively snatching his pistols from the case where they lay, already loaded. " The Uhlans, M'sieu ; a whole company of the devil's own blood," whispered Jacques, fiercely. " This way, quick !" He caught hold of Livingston's arm to guide him down the dark passage to a back staircase, by which, gaining the kitchen, he hoped to escape. But he had hardly reached it when Livingston stopped short "Hold a minute, Jacques," he whispered hurriedly. "Wait for me here five minutes, and then, if you hear them coming, fly without me. I must see the Baronne." Jacques wrung his hands. " What folly !" he cried, trying to detain him ; "it is no time for adieus." But Livingston broke away from him and vanished. "It is the accursed evil eye," muttered Jacques, crouching down on the stairs ; "it is the ghastly presence of Madame, the dead Baronne. This brave Monßieur is bewitched ! Blessed Madonna, grant that we escape safely ! and I vow to give thee two .wax lights, and two for blessed St. Jean Baptiste." Livingston turned to go up the turrret-stair, one wild impulse in his heart. His love, his little helpless darling ! What! leave hor in the power of the Prussian troopers! Better die with his sword in his hand defending her. His hand touched the handle of tho door of tho turrot-chamber. He rapped softly; there was no answer. He waited an instant; could she have left tho room, and be, even now, a prisoner ? The thought was agony ; he tried the door with greater force—it gave way under bis hand, and he crossed the threshold. There was some light in the room ; it came from a lamp whioh hung on a bracket on the wall. Directly beneath the light, on a small sofa, lay Lucille, asleep. One little hand pressed the Boft white cheek, which was, even yet, wet with tears ; the golden hair lay in bright masses on her neck, and streamed over tho dingy dasmask covering of the sofa—just the fairest, purest vision that ever man beheld, made all the fairer for her strange surroundings. With a noiseless step, Livingston crossed the floor, and bent over her, lower, lower, till a tress of the bright huir touched his hand ; the impulse had scarcely time to form itself into a thought, when a tender passionate kiss fell gently on the lovely lips, and with a slight start Lucille awoke. " Henri, Henri!" she murmured softly, gazing up into the eyes bent upon her, " you have come to me—at last!" At the touch of the great enchanter's wand the Bleeping Princess had awakened ; at Love's first kiss Undine had found her soul 1 She quite awoke then, blushed violently, and rose up. Livingston clasped her hands and knelt at her feet. He told her in hurried words of the danger; he urged her to trust to his protection as she would to that of her father and fly with him. She was frightened. "Oh, take me away, Henri, to your own land. lam afraid no more of your ice and snow; you will be there and Lucille happy." A distant noise betrayed the present danger. Livingston sprang to his feet so suddenly that pain wrung a faint groan from his lips. "What is it, Henri?" she asked, in alarm, In a low hasty whisper he begged of her to be stilL Was there any place of concealment near ? was— Hark i a rushing step npon the stairs, voices, and hard raps upon the door. Livingston lifted his pistol; but quick as light Lucille thrust him on the sofa behind her, and stood erect and pale, facing the intruders. Just for a moment her defender, utterly weak, could not rise. " Hold !" she cried, as the fearless courage of her long line of warlike ancestors shone in every line of the girl's face, and made the foremost soldier pause, involuntarily. " Who dares enter the Chateau d'Orvale unbidden, and with drawn sabres ? Do the Prussians war with women?" "Ma foi, mademoiselle, the Prussians may, but we do not," said a respectful voice in French, as a young officer forced his way through the foremost of his men and doffed his plumed casquette to her with courtly grace. "This is the second time to-day that our helmets have gained us the too unenviable dis tinction of being Prussians. We are a company of French cuirassiers en route—Henri, mon brave, is it thee ? —what dost thou here?" broke off the officer in utter surprise. And, to the no leas intense surprise of Lucille, she saw the Frenchman clasp him enthusiastically. " Tranquilise thyself, mon ami," cried Harry, laughing. " I have a lame shoulder, Adolphe, and thou hast a veritable bear's hug. Let me present you to Mademoiselle la Baronne d' Orvale; Mademoiselle, this is Captain Adolphe de Mon taign, a life-long friend." " I must implore pardon of Mademoiselle^ la Baronne for my intrusion," said the Captain; " but we found the chateau entirely empty, and my men were anxiouß to explore it. I trust you will accept a thousand apologies ; it only remains for me to take my leave of Mademoiselle." " Monsieur is pardoned," said the lovely young chatelaine, extending her hand ; "but surely you will not depart thus ? Here is Monsieur Henri, who, —" but a burning blush covered her face as she caught Livingston's eye, and Bhe paused in a confusion that was all the deeper for its novelty. Livingston came to her rescue and advised de Montaign to let his men bivouac at St. Etienne, while he Btayed the night at the chateau. De Montaign accepted the invitation with alacrity ; and when he retired to arrange his dress before supper he laughingly assured Livingston that ho should not at all object to a wound, provided so lovely a physician could fall to his lot. But Livingstone's wound proved no sinecure ; for after the surrender of Bazaino at Metz he found himself still too disabled to join his regiment. It promised to be rather a long affair of sickness, possibly through neglect of the wound at first, and Livingston resigned his com mission. Ho had to resign the hospitality of the chiiteau as well, for a fresh gouvernante came there for Mademoiselle, and she enforced pro priety. It did not matter, Livingston laughingly said, it would not be for long ; once let him get strong, and then— And then, when that desirable end was accom plished and he could stand straight and well again, a quiet ceremony was performed in the chateau chapel by the old cure" of St Etienne ; and Henry Livingston carried away the Baronne from poor distracted France to his own domains in his own land. They sometimes talk of going back to the chateau, where Jean Marie and Margot keep watch for them. But Jacques, in attendance on his master, shakes his bead, and crosses himself at the bare idea of again venturing within the regions of the evil eye.— TJte Argoty. 