; our, amateur theatricals at ? boolona. ' He jests at sears who never felt a wound, — Romeo. > . ; One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Gross, f of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, ) was when he made his first and only appearance as |an y actor ,at a private amateur theatrical eutertainment at'his V own house ill Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, n.ad conceived that he was bom to be -an actor — to tread the boards like tbe great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it was, foolish notion, soon kuqckdd but of his head after his » peculiar dehnt. Cu fluding . the /Melbourne aiid Syduey I managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with bleai'ing red hair, and rf turn-up nose) an appearance in " H.amlet" at anj"- of their several- theatres, lie resolved to "take the bull by the'hbruS" and-get'tip a cbmpauy of his own down ' at his place at Booioug, "He' SHht to cuormpus expense I in buildiug a small theatre, ""purchasing wardrobe, having I scenery painted — for-Banbury ". was; determined to do the thing jyelLaud in tip'-fop-'style. He "'got together! a kind of scratcti/company,qiiahiy oE.'themTike.himselE, raw am- ' bitious/ amateurs, ./eager" " to fret their liour upon the ' stage, "(-and one "or two sei-ly - outcasts of ' the profession!; I and'he lodked forward to the pro-iuction of his' pet play, , " Hainlet,l!'himself as the PTince, with much excitement, not/urialldyed with pleasure: The amateui's, after about a ' montii/s constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their , words before the curtain went up, bii't after it did most of them forgot them. The. spenery -hitched ; the Ghost was ' intoxicated, aud the likewise ; CjiAeZIa, an amateur, , burst into 'a nervous fit of - tears before she said a dozen lines. ...Banbury wasAoared' at:byvtheiocal personages who ' assembled to assist at the amateur perforra-ance. But this was not the 'worst; for; B'anburyifduiid'that/Avhen the bills came in the exiiense. was. twice, as large, iiS: he had expected, ' and he con, Id no.t meet tliem. " Tlie feUdwiSj" he-used to sa:y, "allo.\v"ed me""to ha"ye whatever rwautcd on: credit,- because they knew that my rich uhcle in Adelaide/ a strict Method ist, would pay them, bub L knew very w'ell .he would dp no such- thing when he found, they.iwere-.for theatrical trap pings, .for if there \yas one thing he- held in. abhorrence it ; was the theatre.- '1' -\Yhatfwas he to .do:?-; -His uncle would . disiniieri t him, turn hiin out of the houspHa had furnished for hiin,,anflseqd !him adrift on the- world./ What was he to do"? His creditors \youid;not ,wait and he -would "be a- miserable jrauper. Bub ;for, all tbis.jhe, did "noji, lose his- hou.se, and hispopr-uncle/s fpi'.tune is in the; bahk in his name, thajiks to- thq.timely aid of.pnejvu/ib .-« a, friend tO: the fvwhMyif well as\ to of tlio woidclfyYidfp hini tliVheedful. Need we say his name. No/f all, know" him 1 But we may as well remark it was eTtainyion, of the distiussed,"\ > , ; , - ,l .: _ . DAVID. HENRY/ of. 52.-: Collins street east, V.: . , . Who has from £5 to £ 1 0,00.0 tp,lcnd ouiiotesof hand, bills of sale (with or. without .security), salary oixlers, life policies, 'cerlificates;;d'eedsVbiU''of "lading,' legacies, goods, merchandise, -pni expected remittances, or on moneys per sons /inayibil "entitled to fi'oin: England and elsewhere, etc.", . repayable to siiit the cpavenience of borro"ivers. Bills "discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and mortgages -from 6 per cent. , ' ' ' . . 