TAKING THE BLACK VEIL. The imposing ceremony of three novices taking the black veil was performed in St. AngnBtine's Church, Yass, on last Wednosday morning. His lordship, Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, was the celebrant on the occasion. The novices were in religion Sister Mary Xavier Joseph, in the world Miss Catherine Leahey ; Sister Mary Joseph Patrick, in the world Miss Anaetasius Mnlhally; Sister Mary Stanislaus Joseph, in the world Miss Ellen O'Neill. Immediately before eight o'clock a procession of the children was formed at tbo convont, and tbey, with tbo novices nnd nuns, procooded up Meeban-street to the church, chanting the litany of tho Blessed Virgin. The novices, with the nun9, took np positions in the sanctuary, and shortly afterwards tho Bishop, attended by Fathers O'Keoffo and Carr, como from the vestry, the other priests in attendance being Father Muriaro, of Villa Maria, Parramatta River, and Fathers Dunn and Long, of Burrowa. Ab it is the first time that such a ceremony has taken place in Y'ass, wo give tho order of the ceromony of profession. "All the sisters offered tboir commuoion for the novices. They communicate at tho maBB, which is celebrated at tbo ceremony. Tbo black veil and ring are loft noar the altar, also holy water, pen, ink, and the oot of profession." Tho Bisbop blessed the veils at the epistle sido of the altar, and recited certain prayers, lie then sprinkled the veils with holy water end incensed them, saying In nomine Patris et Filii el spiritus sanctum, amen. He then blessed tbo three rings at the epistle Bide of the altar, and after sprinkling the rings with holy water and incensing them be read the gospel according to St. Matthew, cb. xvi,, v, 24. His lordship then preached tbo sermon, taking as his text the words of St. Paul to the Corin thians, cb. vii., v. 34 to 3S, as follows : — "And tho unmarried woman and the virgin tbinketh on the things of tho Lord that she may be holy both in body nnd spirit ; but she that is married tbinkotb on the things of the world how she may please horbiiBband Therefore, both he that giveth his virgin in marriage dooth well, and he that giveth bor not doeth better." His lordsbip took his discourse from these verses, and ho addressed tho large con gregation, aud fully explained to them the importance of tho ceremony they were that morning assemeled to witness. He referred in moat feeling terms to the young novicos, who, he said, wore that morning to bid adieu to the world for ever, and, dwolling particularly upon bis text, be concluded a very oloqaent disconrse, during which, be bad more than half of tho con gregation in tears. The novices were then conducted by the Mother Assistant and Mother Superior to the foot of the sanctuary, where the Bishop, seated, interrogated thorn separately as follows :— Bishop: My child, what do you demand? Novice : Aly Lord, I most humbly beg to be received to the holy profession. Bisbop : My child, do you consider yourself sufficiently instructed in what regards the vows of religion and the rules and constitutions of this institute; and do you know the obligations you contract by the holy profession ? Novice: Yes, my Lord, with tho grace ot God. . The Bishop then said : May God grant each of you perseveranco in those yonr holy resolu tions, and may Ho design, in bis mercy, to con summate what He bos began, in the name of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost, amen. The mnss was then proceeded with to the end of the Post Communion, and after the Domine n on sum dignus the Mother Superior Baid "aloud " offer to God the sacrifice of praise," and each of the three voices answered "and pay thy vows to the most high." In the meantime the mother assistant took tbo candles from the novices and gave them tho act of profession. The novioos, who wore kneeling, then rose and advancing sevoral steps said in an audible voice, " I will pay my vows to the Lord, in the Bight of all his people, in the courts of the house of the Lord." rri .Lpn ,onr>OTmt<.l„. ,tr> »u- uppor step of the sanctuary, during which time the confiteor wos said. After tbo Ecce Agnes Bii tho- Bisbop approached each novice and elevating the adorable sacrament, the novices pronounced their vows bb follows: — Act of Profession.— In the name of our Lord and Saviour Josus Christ, and under the protection of His Immaculate Alother Mory, I N.N. called in religion Sister Alary fN.l do vow and nromiBO to God. novortv. chastity, and obedience, and the service of the ; poor, sick, and ignorant, and to persevere until \ death in this congregation of our Lady of Mercy ' according to its approved rule and constitution, under tho authority, and in prosenco of you my lord and Right Rev. Father William Bishop of thUTYlioceso, and of our rev. mother, Airs. Field ing, called in religion, Sister Mary Paul, Alother Superior of this Convont of Mercy, Yobs, this 25th day of September, in the year of our Lord, 187S. The novices then signed the act-9 of profession, ; gave them to tho Mother Assistant, and received the Holy Communion from the Bishop, i who said to each at tho time — " What God has | commenced in thee may He Himself perfect, and may the body of our Lord Jesus Christ preserve thy soul unto everlasting life." The novices thon handed their acts of profession to the Mother Superior, and roturning to their former places received, while kneeling down, the candlos from the Mother Assistant. Certain prayers wore then said, after which the newly- professed rose and said aloud — "Thou hnst held mo by my right band, and by Thy will Thou ha9t conducted me, and with Thy glory Thou hast received mo." And the other nuns answered — " For what have I in Heaven ? and besides Thee what do I desire upon earth? " The newly professod then said—" For Thee my flesh nnd my heart hath fainted away ; Thon art tho God of ray heart, and tbo God that is my portion for ever." After other prayers, the newly professed gave their candles to the Mother Assistant, and were conduetod by her and the Mother Superior to the foet of the altar, where ; the Bishop, being seated and having on his mitre, placed tho black veil on their , bonds, saying at the same time — " Roceive the holy veil, the emblem of chastity nnd modesty, which mayest thon carry before the judgment seat of our Lord Jesns Christ, tint thou mayest have eternal life and mayest live for ever end ever, amen." The mother superiors then fastened the veils on tho heads of tho newly professed, and they, rising, said — " lie hns placed his seal on my forehead, that I should adroit no other lover but him." The Bishop then put the rings which he bad previously blessed on the fingers of the newly professed, and, nftor prayer by bis lordship, they rose and said — "I am espoused to Him whom tho angels serve, and at whose beanty the sun and moon stand in wonder." The Bishop then, according to the usual rule, gave his blessing to tbo newly professed, when tbey rose up and said, se parately— " The empire of the world and all the j grandeur of the earth, I have despised for lovo I of our Lord Jesus Christ-, whom I have aeon, ' whom I have loved, in whom I have believed, . and towards whom my heart inclineth. After j some more prayers, the Te Bium wns Bung, and ' the newly professed, still remaining prostrate, ' the Bishop said tbo Kyrie Eleison, tho Pater j Nosier, and other prayers, after which his lord- ; ship sprinkled tho new nuns with holy water, when they rose nnd embraced their superior and the other sisters, and Psalm cxxxii, having been ! chanted, brought the most edifying and inter esting ceremony to a close. 