) THE P HAN T 0 M AH N E R. J A litori/ of the old ffold fUffi/'uit/ days.) " Tell you a ghost story," said my imcle Ned, a hale old ) gentleman of 70 years. "Well, I will relate a peculiar > affair that happened on Tallmans Gully, in 1859." ) Wo were all attention, and listened to the very reinark- Oable narrative he related in the following raaiinor : / " You must know," commenced my uncle, "that I and \ four mates were living m a tent on the banks of the i river— living, I said, I should have called it existing, for A we were most iinfoitiinate, only finding siiflicient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our evcryday's f work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were J every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink \ of a pick, about fifty jrards from our canvas home. This i / confounded noise alw.ays commenced at midnight, and did ) not cease until the break of day. One night we were \ determined to sec who it was ; so we sallied forth in the ( bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flanucl y shirt, high hoots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an Y old claim which had been deserted for many years. 1 was I ( chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger; | y but when I was within, twenty yards of him, I stood still,- j k transfixed with' horror, — for the wearer of the digger's ( clothes was no liidn;/ mnn, hut a slteleton!" \ " Uncle Ned I" we all cried, "how fearful." ( " One night, our tent w.as yisited by. a handsome, well- / to-do looking man, 'of about fifty years of age; lyho ) enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. C He told us that in '51 he and a rnato of his deserted from r one of Her Majesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans y gold- fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few Y raonfjhs, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to see about some letters. Before he went, he .said to his mate,- 'Bob, whatever, yon do, never stop working the Y claim' for a d.ay until I- come back.' Bob promised, and y they partel' 'I went down to Melbourne,' said the e.x- \ digger, ' and there was arrested as a deserter, aud sent on , board; and now that 1 have obtained my discharge, _ I / have . hastened up here to find my old chum.' 'You will \ see him to-night,' I said; ' but you'll find him very inueh changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the / phantom's pick was heard, aud we all turned out. ' Ah 1 ' I cried" the sailor," ' there's . dear old; Bob. ; Bob, here I am back. Bob, speak to me.' He. ran to the figure, which ' 'turned its hideous face on hirh. With a loud shriek the seeker ). fell senseless pii the -ground..'- The ghost.._threw down its pick, and .vanished; In -the'. morning - we 'discovered the I " poor sailor a raving lunatic. "» : , I '' Oh, uhclc".-Ncd,-' what aTearfnJ(.4 ' " Well, you "Mkcd 'm to tell you 'a «%ry;-aad I have ' done so." Vy A" J-- ; . .... V :''-Thehi it'isAoii'tnw \ " Well; said oiiv uncle, laughuig, " it is as triielas _maiiy of the 'absurd' y'arns th'iit got; about during the raging of : the gold fever. Ah, those were , strange days, when men would undergo any amouiit'of prLvatioh.for a few ounces of gold. Ho'w'd.iffierent'it is now; for should a man be pushed ,f6i'''a' large'or, small 'am'ount' all that he has to do is'td'h'ave An-Untemew'with DAVID H1SNR.V, of 52 Collins street east, "Who has from Ji'5 Vo' ".10,000 iio'lcnd on notes of hand,bUls of sale (with '-'or without, security), salary orders, life ' policies, certificates; Reedy bill of lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., ! repayable to siiit the cohveniencc of borrowers. Bills discounted daily, at the lowest rate of interest, and mortgages from G per cent. » - 