LETTERS ON LORNE. (By Karl Van Dammk.) No. 2. In going to Louttit Bay it 13 necessary to make arrangements beforehand for accommo dation, and the parties who went there simultaneously with myself had been several weeks waiting for their chance. I had made no appointment, but ]\fr, Mountjby, who on this pccaaion drove the coach himself, took consideration, and promised to find me some sort of shakedown at hiB house, and thus provided for I started on tho ty-kovtsii miles journey tq ttye coast, passing through a fine, but empty country, entirely occupied by squatters' runs. It was a hot day, and the dust very thick. When we had passed the plains, and reached the wild forest country of the ranges, we experienced a change for the worse. The bush was on fire on both sides of the track, filling the air with hot smoke, and preventing the passengers ' from enjoying tho various fine prospects which 011 a clearer day are to be admired on this journey. It was not until we had passed the last hill, and rolled'<ldwn rapidly to the bay, that we sa w the "sea, but then we had it in all its beauty and coolness. Crossing the River Erskine at its mouth, our four good horses took us in smart style to the house which stands on a spit of land between the ocean and the river in a charming situation, with many acres of natural lawn in front of it I was informed that 78 guests were at that time lodging in the Temperance boardino house; many of them were 011 the verandah some strolling in the little front garden' and all looking exceedingly cool and plea sant. This was not the case with me after my six hours perspiration, with dust and Bmoke concealing my natural color. My fellow passengers se.-med to have been ex pected, and were welcomed by many, but I being unknown, hot and dirty, a regular sort of " object," thought I would tun} from this festive scene, and throw myself on the bosom of the seaj which' roared so invitingly near my feet. I got a towel and hastened tc> the beach. Just abovo high w^ev-inark stands a small shed where gentlemen may leave their clothes rtnd there I left them, oh, how gladly. I sprang into' the wa,tor, the surf throw 111,0 down again and again. I turned to it my full chesjt, opened 'wide my arms, and was tunihlecj oyer again. I could hare drunk {lie better wave, I ducked, swam, tumble^, fought with tho crested billows^ and— I wished I was a flsh with a big long tail, Tiny little tittle-tattle, whipper or a whale It must be so jolly. What an idea! But really, when I come to think of it, how arrogant to call ourselves tho masterpiece of creation. Th§ fish that sports so free in his element, ho may be happier than J; or would I not exchange with yonder hawk who cleaves the sky so proudly to visit with his mate some distant hill 1 Ho* pitiable must I appear to him ! Oh, infinite Maker of this beautiful work} why need we go into churches, meeting houses, and dark " circle^'1' tq CQmuuinicate with Thee. I^era upcuitha open strand in all my nakedness, why could I not kneej dawn beforo Thy throne and adore Thee ? Forgive my trespasses and my wavering faith. I should know that in Thy inscrutable wisdom and mercy I am made so weak of body and spirit, so short of life, only to prepare me for a future existence of more abundant grace, when my ghost shall roam, a pure and holy spirit not from hill to hill, "but from star to stir,' and have the principle of eternal life. Let us come to business. More people come to bathe, and we had a long walk alc\ng the shore until the bell rang for dinner, when the company sat down in a tine large hall to a meal which commenced and ended with tea, and had the usual courses of meat and pastry between the teas. I had expected fish, only that kind of food seem,ed scarcer in Louttit Bay thaii in,' B.on,digoj 'but as for appetite, oh, my goodness, to see the people at Lome p,egging away would drive any Bendigo boarding-house mistress ir\a4 for fear she might be eaten out of hattae and home. People who e^t well together will saon get ac quainted, and :\fter dinner I knew nearly everybody in tho house, went for a stroll in the moonlight, and returned to find the tables cleared away, and preparations made for dancing. I joined a set. My partner in formed me that this was as it used to be, but that as Lome had become celebrated many fashionable families had come there, and amongst them some who had turned up their noses at schoolmasters and shopkeepers and that sort of people. Meanwhile, I enjoyed myself. There were aq refreshments, but none were required, aa the air of the place and th? lively motion were quite sufficient, and at half-past ten, when I had danced many a lily fair into a rosy hue, made various appointments for tho morrow, and ioit»ed in " God save tho Queen," I retired to sleep. I have lived a very pleas.ai^t life,'but even, so, this was not a ba,d sort of. day. In taking upon," myself to, write of- Lome, I regret 1 kh.dw next to nothing about it. I j merely, for tho entertainment of your : readers the impressions of an afternoon and a morning, all the time I spent in this new watering place. That I was sorry to leave it so abruptly, 1 need not tell, but those vrhq had stayed over a month wer^ sorrier still to go away. The spot itself ' and its surroundings :!££, especially favored by nature, £1$ are to Victoria what an QasvVjs to the desert. The country is still only imperfectly explored, but a larjje number of interesting points' are. kn.ay.-n an$ regularly visited by the watering, ppople at the cost of such e£ertiop as could not be endured, in gummer. thqe anywhere else m ike,' cblo;vy,' as. far as I know it, I visited n,ei(their. the celebrated Palis Rooka or Points, ofily the EjaS^ine I^iver Rapids, a mountain Vm\le.^ vanning cool and shaded through rockeries and ferneries such as would make the fortune of a gardener could he only successfully imitate a square yard of it. The expedition to the Rapids was organised for my sake by about a dozen Indies and gentlemen, who had decided among them selves that I should not be allowed to depart from Lorno without seeing something of its beauty, for which kindness on the part of persona I had never seen until the evening before, 1 now beg to express my warmest thanks, and to forward, with best compli ments, copies of the papers containing my " Letters on Lome." 