A JAPANESE GHOST STORY. In Japan, as in all other countries, imagina tion claims to have its wants supplied by the wonderful aud incomprehensible, aud there fore in tho face of such need wonders will never cease out of thu world. The student of nature's mysteries, aud the village gossip who tells of ghost3, and doubles, aud wraiths, are both in their different ways satiating bacil t/AUtAUg 1VI «uw uuuuwssuss asivu «.ai£> wildest talcs have a certain value, for, scat, tared as they aro through every land, they often serve to perpetuate tbe record of pld cnstoine, and to mark tho steps of Bocial his tory. Ghost stories, then, the Japanese iiave, as blood curdling, hair erecting, ilesb creeping, as the most ardent lover of the marvellous could desire, and at this holiday season, when the pitiless rain and sleet keep tbe merry-makers indoors, and the shatters aro closed in, and the sake cup goes round merrily from hand to hand, is tho time to toll them to an audience certain to appreciato them. How impressively the narrator half tells, half acts the thrilling tale, while the girls clasp and hide behind each other in ail ecstasy of terrified enjoyment ! One of tho most oricinal of these tales the writer of this paragraph recently heard, and as it differs from the common run of ghost stories it is here given, though wo wish we could convey au idea of tbe art with which it was told. In former times — indeed, some Japanese say that it is not very long since that the dread ful practice was abandoned — it was tho custom, when any new palace, castle, or fort waa in oourse of erection, ts bury one or moro living men beneath the foundation, generally at the foot of the principal supporting pillaxs. Those who were committed to this frightful grave were called hilo-lmshira, or human pil lars, aud their immolation wus supposed to conduce to tbe strength and solidity of the building. The sacrifice was sometimes made volnutarily, the victipi being induced to give his consent by the promise of deifica tion, liis spirit being afterward/ wor shipped under the pome of inarisama, or some other deity. 'More- frequently, flow- ever, the preiuataro burial was a forcible one-. For iustauce, if no voluntary vic tim was forthcoming, advantage was taken of any such accident us one of the workmen falling iqto tbe excavation of the founda tions, when, instead of any helping baud being extended to . him, he waa ruthlessly buried by hia fellow-workmen, or crushed beneath one of the mighty supports. At other times the victim was built up iu the maSsive walls, either as a hilo-haehira, or as a punishment for some offence. That logc-ds of spirits haunting the scenes where the cruel murders of their bodies had been perpetrated should he numerous is natural ; and the following ' incident was told as h»vit;g occurred at the > residence of oue of tbe piinucs of Kaga. There, it appeared that 8-tiio poor wretch had been immured at tho hulding of the palace, a faot of which the inmates of one of the rooms wero suddenly made aware by a human leg protruding from the wall, and moving about a most nnoomfottably lifelike manner. The consternation which this ghostly leg caused throughout the castle can be imagined. Some of tho retainers, more daring than the rest, had the courage to attempt to clasp it, bnt its power was so great, and the kicks it administered were bo tremendous, that no one had ths temerity to repeat his efforts. At last, one of those present, struok probably by the unwashed appearance of tho leg, suggested _ that it might be soothed by the administering of a bath. Tho hint was acted on. and the leg with a satisfied flourish put its foot in the cold wator, only, however, quickly to with draw it and kick over the tab. The same in genious retainer who had suggested the bath proposed that warm water should be substi tuted, and this proved to bo bo gratefnl to the tirelesa limb that it allowed its foot to remain quietly therein. On one of the mala retainers, however, endeavoring to wash tho leg it administered to him so sound a kick that he was very fun to desist from any farther attempt at conailiatien. At last a buxom maid servant, suddenly struok with the truly feminine idea that, while it rebelled againBt being attended to by a malo band, it might become mo gentle under a woman's gentle touch, volunteered to attend to its ablutions, and sore enough the leg, with evident grati- tudo, accepted the welcome ministration; and after having been gently washed and carefully dried,- it waved a graceful farevfell to the assembled company, and retired for tbe night. But this was not the last of it. Every evening thereafter at the same time the unwelcome visitor came for its bath, whioh was always carefully prepared lor it. But it is a singular fact that it could never be got to overcome its dislike for cold water, and that it showed its affection for the good-natured maid-servant, who was told off speoiolly as its .attendant, bv kicking ovor most unmercifully any one else who attempted to touch it. — Japan Mail. ' « 