Music and the Drama, The facts not otherwise Than here set down. SHERIDAN; KNOWLES. Í -\ MDLLE. Charbonnett ? again . delighted a large audience at the Masonic Hall last Tuesday. : She gaye selections of the class of music . which' she. has inter- preted to the Sydney public with'such marked süccéssY The most noticeable: performance ,was that of Men. delssohn's grand concerto in G- minor, rendered with ¡a double quartette of stringed instruments and two1 pianos. This was given by* " Bpecial desire,'', and wa3 deservedly encored. Two duetts, by Mdlle.7 Charbonnet and Mr. ;. Charles Huenerbein, were highly appreciated. Some part-songs were given i by the Sydney Glee Club,, and Mr.. M'Mahbn played a fantasia on the cornet. THE QUEEN'S THEATRE.-This little theatre is-def cidedlysuccessful ; it is usually well filled, and.by endeavouring to amuse people, its management doubt- less secures a very considerable remuneration. Th« remarkable run of " Our Boys " played by the talented1 Scott-Siddons company is .fresh in our readers^ .re- membrances, and now Pink Dominoes " is placed; on the boards by Mr. and Mrs.'-Bates.; and' the Queen's company. In London this play threatens to rival " Our Boys" in the permanence of its popularity. Here it has made a fair start, and promises exceed- ingly well. In the play, two young married. ladies boast their confidence in their husbands, and resolve to try them by notes in feigned handwritings. This gives rise to many amusing: situations. Also there are other characters who slip away from their homes and; have strange 'rencontres in the Cremorne .-Gardens. The local allusions, as in " Our Boys," will not be ap- preciated, but this farcical comedy contains a rich'fund of amusement. The caste is a strong one, containing Mri and Mrs. BateB, Mr. and Mrs. H. NV Douglas, MisB Kate Douglas, and Mr. and Mrs. Lachlan M'Gowan. . . THEATRB ROYAL.-' ' Uncle Tours Cabin " has drawn very good audiences in the pit and fair in the stalls. It contains many effective situations, and is illustrated with all the profusion of scenic effects for which the Royal is noted. But it is not » play which ia worthy of the dramatic art., Mrs. Stowe's narrative had merits which won for it a lasting place 'in the litera- ture of fiction, and few readers failed to appreciate its great power. It was, however, essentially narra- tive m its form and basis, and no mere dramatisation would change its character. The version presented at the Theatre Royal cannot be termed a drama but it is a succession of dramatic "scenes. The first part, containing the flight of Eliza (Mrs, Scott Siddons) and George ,Harr4s (Mr, Flemming) is exceed- ingly good, and is weUyprked up^ to the crowning points of the great Joe..scene,"where the pursuers of the fugitive .slave-mother with her child rush to the edge of the river, which the daring woman crosses almost unconsciously on the ice-floes, and to the scene where Hams, aided by the Quaker, despatches their pursuers. , The audience becomes quite excited over this little drama, and the sentiments respecting per- sonal freedom are thoroughly appreciated. If this were the end it would be well, but the subsequent parts tame after these exciting scenes. Topsy is most amusing, and little Eva very Bweet and good ; but Uncle Tom is, a stupid old bore at this staee of the Eroceedings, and when Eva and Mr. St. Clair are oth dead, the audience does not feel much interest in the fate of the rèraaining characters. The closing acts are full of interest, but they seem disconnected from the central portion of the play. Mrs. Siddons, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Flemming, and Mr. : South, act as well as UBual ; but the present large company is very unequal, and we look back with5 regret to the adml-; rabis little, company, that, acted in "Our Boys,"and; ." As You Like It," with such success. Mr. and Mrs. ; Scott-Siddons are - ahnbuhced^to leave for America next, week.. V Their departure" will be regretted ' by; many admirers,' and very general will be the exprés-' sion of good wishes for their success in America. -r- I " RAINBOW REVELS " is amusing large audiences at the School of Arts, and the Ghost' is doing a good business during the laßt , days of his career in Sydney. . ' .'. ; - 