Turf iVotcs BY VENISOX. SOME of the Sydney people appear to think ter^ it a cause for regret that the entries for the Australian Jockey Club's races in September do not greatly exceed those of former occasions ; bait such a. consummation is impossible, if quality bo expected into the bargain. It surely ought to be enough for the men of New South Wales to see thoir ranks of racehorses yearly augmented by plentiful representative« in both first and second class animals. Every year brings some new talent to light, and big fields when made up of 60 per cent of rubbish aro not a subject for gratulatiou. It Í3 true that Victoria, blindly protective and Belfish, makes but a poor response when Kew South Wales calls for teuders and volunteers to fill the ranks in her great race pro- grammes -a response that is as nothing beside the generous subscription which the pareut colony affords twice a-year to the Victorian bills of fare in racing matters. But why should New South Wales grumble on this account? The loss falls more upon Victoria than upon herself ; and did the Sydney people but choose to retaliate in the same poor spirit that Victoria displays they could make the Flemington entries to decede and fall away from thoir customary full dimensions in a manner that would soon make Miss Australia Felix wake up aud see the propriety of being a little more social and less selfish in this matter. The entries for Randwick Spring Meeting are numerous enough for all pur- poses, and leave no cause for grumbling or mis- giving the progress of the colony in turf matters, The Trial Stakes show eighteen competitors smart little " pick-ups," many of them, that no racehorse of any brand but the "Al" mark could afford to take any liberties with or give weight to. Soothsayer, Abbess, Mimosa, Bedouin, and Baroona-I beg pardon, Sunset-are samples taken from the heap at a venture. The Spring Stakes, of a mile and a-half and weight for age, have, amongst the thirteen iu it, Cheater, Cala- mia, Black Eagle, Macaroni, Woodlands, Auck- land, K.C.B., Cap-a-pie", Emily, and Nerissa half of whom, if they started, would make a grand race of it, and a quarter of whom are quite enough to frighten the crowd of duffers away from com- peting, and to make the list of competitors select and smalL Passing over the various minor han- dicaps, which I have no space to discuss, The Shorts, of six furlongs, looks as if, amongst the twenty-eight ticket holders, Roodee, Vulcan, and Emily would hold A. T., Cardinal, Dockwood, and the rest of the division, oldandyoung, pretty safe if well handicapped. In the Maiden Plate, which, I would ask, of the thirteen should beat Roodee over a mile and a-half, weight for age, if he only goes for it ? It is enough to make a Brisbane sportsman jealous to see the jolly feast of plentiful handicaps they have at the Randwick meetings ; such a variety of good horses and distances ; such materials to pick and choose from if you want to bet or make up a sweep I But I suppose we must wait awhile in Brisbane before we mount to their elevation in the way of sport ; and then again our mouths are made to water at the sight of such races on the pro- gramme as the Craven Plate, two miles, weight for age-perhaps the best " form " of all possible races, if we have due regard to all the desirable points that these contests should be made to cover in the way of sport, excitement, fair play, and breeding the right sort of horse, &c.; There are some " hot chestnuts " in thi3 affair Chester, Calamia, Macaroni, Woodlands, K. C. B., Cap-a-pié, Napper Tandy, and Nerissa, and the penultimate of this lot should " 'ave it heasy." On reference to the Queenslander of July 27 it will be seen what my opinion of Napper Tandy waa, an opinicn fully justified by his Hawkesbury running, and beating Emily and Roodee. If I be any j udge at all he will beat His Lordship and Bos- worth too when they meet. What more or better do you want, or hope to get, in the way of pedi- gree than a Maribyrnong colt out of a Yattendon mare, and a dash of that Peter Finn blood, which, like rubbing the salad bowl with garlic, gives a grand perfection to the whole ? Napper Tandy, if he don't go wong, will be as like First King as Cessar to Pompey, and it will be difficult to tell " tother from which " in the way of merit (pro- vided, of course, that he don't go wrono). In the Randwick Plate of three miles there are four- teen competitors on the lUt--Tiz.,Duke of Liune (who U in many other races, and is a " coming" I cou nag), Roodee, Chester, Jasper, Vulcan, Calamia, | the Woodlawn, Propriety, Highlander (entered for £75 in the three-year-old Selling Race), Wood, lands, Sunset, Cap-a-pie, Napper Tandy, and Neris3a, of whom I should select Roodee, Vulcan, and Napper Tandy to fill the first three places, if they start. Chester has another year over his head now, and will win no more three-mile events under the extra cargo he will now bave to stow on deck ; he can carry a house for a mile and a-quarter, or a bit further, but when it comes to three time3 eight furlongs he "dew love " a little matter of " seven stun " or so far better than "nine on 'em." Yes ! that'a what's the matter with him. I have Bpoken of the weight for age races only in this programme ; of handicaps there are eight -viz., the Epsom, one mile ; the Shorts, three quarters of a mile ; the Squatters', one mile ; the President's, one mile and three-quarters ; the Sydney, one and a-half mile ¡ the Members', one and a-quarter mile ; the Waverley, one and three quarters mile ; and the Free Handicap, one and a-quarter mile. The Queensland Turf Club have received a very fair modicum of support in the entrances for the spring meeting in October. The up country and the Sydney division-the latter I especially, when we consider the counter attrac- | tiona elsewhere-have come forward in force to make a meeting of it for us, if we only have the sense to give all hands a show in the handicaps. An average of something like seventeen entries for every race is a cut above what Brisbane has been accustomed to receive in the way of support from horse owners, and a rare chance offers of placing Eagle Farm business on a pedestal several feet higher in the scale of race meetings than it has hitherto held in public estimation. If anyone will take the trouble to refer to the Queenslander of June 13 he will find that Woodlands headed my " tips " for the Hawkes- bury Grand Handicap, and for a man who has never seen the horse, even the "Admiral's Ghost" (whoever he may be) cannot call Moi bad selecting. And where, and oh ! where was Auckland, whom everyone, except " Venison " and a few behind the scenes, pounded as a moral for the " Grand ?" I am much disappointed about Miss Emily, not so much because she failed to beat a colt of His Lordship's pedigree for the Guineas of a short mile, as because her relative, Briseis, as a two-year-old, could carry her weight for age for a mile in 1.43, and I expected the same feat would be no trouble to Emily as a three-year-old, and never thought to see her "beaten in 1.45, though her winning in that time would have been no wonder. Ipswich general entry is uncommonly well filled, and that too with really good material, and an almost total absence of the " paddiug," or filling-up rubbish, element about it. Ipswich is wise to hold its meetings so close to the Brisbane ones, and here is another proof of it. And now, as this ia decreed to be my last ap- pearance before the readers of the Queenslander, it devolves upon me, first, to say a few words of kindly farewell to those who have, for some years, followed with me the varying fortunes of the sleek-coated, bright-eyed, four-footed actors in our little weekly drama ; next, to express a hope that those who come after me may have to chronicle the doings of even doughtier champions than my heroes-Fin>t King, Goldsbrough, and Robinson Crusoe ; and as the motto of Australia ia ever "Excelsior" in sporting matters, this is not altogether impopsiblo ; though I, for one, shall not believe it till some four-year-old wins the Champion Pace in the same, or belter, time Utan First King did. And, in conclusion, to those who love the Tuif for its own sake, anel as viewed in its better aspects of e?rly boms, fiesh air, fair play, and'manly spirit, I would use the words not of the ghostly Dutchman of the shadowy ELaatskills, but of his iuimitable stage representa- tives, Gill and Jefferson-and I would say, with Rap Van Winkle, " Your health, gentlemen ; may you all live long and-prosper !" T Ace able and peet kee| of 1 Chii this reef whi rive evid as t atta Eur well lio; selv thei iug ou t digg even have rapit Lum i with turb of ti othe othe of t veyi the i errai Chir fine mos and rout or ti di3t, a fe1 terei they the < sand thre indii desc with limi Luk to b stor The strei T Mr. pera eera Nor Tim the for thoi row abot twe shet turi Eas stn) east the dep M'l and whf nee Mai geti whi tha thir moi or ' buri and is c mol whi per ( Mr the coa tic of J sev Cli inl he so ; cou his tin IK thiB a foreign country ? asks an American paper. Russian leather is made in Connecticut, Bordeaux wine is manufactured in ¡California, French lace is woven in New York, Italian marble is dug in Kentucky, Marseilles linen is produced in Massachusetts, English cassimero is made in Now Hampshire, Parian art woik cotne3 from a shop iu Boston, Spanish mackerel are caught on the Now Jersey coast, and Havana cigars are rolled out by the million in Chicago. 