iMht kite of laralflim, A ROMANCE OP SPAIN IN THE FIFTEENTH CENT0BY. ••••.• CHAPTER Xr.—(Continued.) A fewhours later, and as he was meditating what to do, whether to depart as secretly and falsely as he had appeared, or to signalise his departure with some bold deed that should increase the fame .of his Siracemc name, Bilbao learned that the intended bride of Count Scorda was his daughter, Lady Hazeenta, and that she was held a close prisoner In the Scorda palace. Then Balbac resolved to use the means and men he had iti hand to rescue the maiden and •lay the count on the very platform on which .Count Scorda intended his marriage should take place. In pursuance .of .this determination, and while moving through the streets in his litter at a very txrly hour of the morning, his litter was halted by Dima Boveda, as has been told; and thu c , by mere chance-was Lady HaZeenta placed in hia hands ere time and occasion were jipe for the execution of Jus desperate scheme, which designed her rescue at a later hoar. Quick to act, and confident of the ability of hu first officer, whose Saracen same was Ah med All, te achieve hB speedy withdrawal of fcehtterfrom^e;»treets,SnawufrSofitheSShA stant grasp cr thB ; count , j:- sma.Tl ' T force -of guards then accompanying it, and that Ahmed • All would nelify him when iis attention might be needed outside the litter, Bilbao placed himself j»t the maiden's side and conversed boldly with her as wa have narrated. Ahmed All, by a second change o£ course, made several movements ere Dama Boveda became aware of it, increased the distance of the litter from the Scorda palace, and carried : it nearer to • the hitherto deserted palace in which Balbac had had his abode and matured his plans since his arrival in.Barcelona. -'• When Bjma Boveda observed in, what street the litter was it was too late to rectify : the supposed mistake without some loss of time. " See I" said the dame, who had been too busy in scolding the scoffing guards to note the second change of route at an earliar moment. " See 1 Now we shall have to pass the rear' of the Torreda palace, and that of the haunted palace also, before we: arrive at the rear of ; the S;orda palace 1" . . . . . . The palace called by Dima Boveda "the iaunted palace," was correcsly named' the • lUytmmda Palace—a family of that" name having originally erected andowned the great J edifice many years before the date of our story—and was the palace which had been ! hired by Balbac. -...-•... This palace, and the spacious grounds around it, fronted upon the same great avenue upon which the Torreda and the Scorda palaces fronted, and was situated; between the two. Therefore; had not Ahmed All made the second change of route, the: litter, ere arriving at the rear entrance of the Kiymunaa palace grounds—the abode and lurklng-pUce of Bilbac—would hava been "J"!^?' be carried past the rear eUtranoe of the Scorda palace grounds ; and Ahmed AH anew that the count's guards wouia not permit the latter to be done without an immediate struggle with himself and the .other attendant! of the litter.'< . All affray at the rear of the Soorda palace Would probably cause aid for the- count's: guards to rash speedily, and in overwhelming numbers, from tne Scorda premises, and? |herefore Bilbao's wily officer took a route oy which the litter should he -carried to the: 1 • SS entr ' aCe o£ ^jmundapalace grounds! " True," said the sergeant pf the guards m" wpiy to Dime. Boveda, the ^litter-ibearerJ Have made a mistake, i .did iiot -flbserve ; :*hsn they did at Yaur tongue, ,dame, has Wreh dificiflme and attention jout -of-m owd, or I would have called out to those Mows not. to pats street MI HEY, Bat it ao e 'ot matter—it W1U not delay our arrvial or • - J , d * I" alao e ten minutes, and I: judge all-goes well m the litter with the lady, «Bce Signor Caeetti, who is said -to be a pest physician, hat not put out tas head to give a single command to the bearer since he entered] the litter." ".That we do not know for sure, 1 ' saicl the' , att£1 J " ®iuce th^jMgnor may -have spoken »om the front of his JUtter to its foremost wsrers without our knowledge-^ahd ; I noticed, several minute* ago, that one of those scarlet-coated fellows darted on in : II^L 6 ' aDd 8000 vanished from my sight." . may be, dame, and only because the" ««nor may have sent oniaKead an order lor. medicine, or something of the iind:"" dama bad no suepioion that the PSMndea- Florentine had an intention to w&ture; her captive, aha said no more'at that . moment. truth, however, Ahmed All had dis fatcled one i i his men to hasten to Bilbao's P'lace—aB we shall sometimes term the «iymunda pal ice—and give certain orders "persons who wore there ; have just stated that Salbac's palace . MS its group ds stood between those of the 4«K(U and Scorda families Because it thus *®od,and because it had been deserted ior years, and had the reputation of being haunted by the ghosts of several of the -extinct 'Raymondafamilv, jjalbacvhad .hired, .the shunned .and lonely vplace ere ::llejleaTned that the ; Torreda palace was vacant—an emissary' sent by himere^his arrival in Barcelona having rented it from Count Soorda, -who had recently set up a doubtful claim to be soleheirtothe extinct- family.; The roofs of the-Scorda palace on the side not adjacent to Bilbao's'palace touched roofs and eaves of other -buildings ; else. Lady Mazccnta could not have evaded the .pursuit: of Dama Boved&as; long as> she did.: but the roofs of Bilbao's palace were, on every side, < several hundred feet distant from .those of - its neighbours. • ' . :. - •. So other palace or dwelling.m that popu-, lousand closely built up-jftrt of . the city had such extensive, grounds bevond its' foundations as that<of Bilbao's. '.Nearly, fiftyftjears" had elapsed since the last of 'the itajmuUdas had died ; and aa the right to own or ljuUd 7 there was doubtful, lis trees and shrubbery and its gardens'Jiad -assumed' the .appearance; of ii .«mallior«Ht aud w.ildtriii:M=-()E vegoiiiU'jn in 'h mi 1st if treat and importing edifices < f jjstoup, brii.k, and mirbld,- „and frucn the x.orla of the long unoccupied Kajmnnda palace ::Theslreet;that:^^^•passed StsMarwasinarrow •and dark, ab the ear of palaces and rear walU of other buildings .shaded thia narrow street; on the side opposite the rear of the'Scorda^ the Saymunda, the Xorredk; and other palaces, whose fronts were upon the great avenue, "-The Rambla,"; of which we have spoken. • ' -•• . . Tne litter had entered this street when Ahmed All whispered throughthe curtains to -Balbac: " We are nearly at the Torreda palace." .Balbac, peering. out through the lront curtains o£ his spacious litter, saw that the narrow street, for a great distance ahead, was nearly deserted—and, indeed, save for domesticpurposes.thisstreet was seldom used, as it was more worthy of the name of alley than street. Its gloom, silence, and profound loneliness, from end to end, till the litter and those about it appeared in this street, would, ho wever, not have been so great had not all the inhabitants who -usually passed through it, or in any way used it, been either in the greater and more pleasant streets, or preparing to go thither. " You have managed well—exceedingly well, Ahmed," aaid Bilbao to hiB officer, who was now close to the front curtains and between his front poles or lifts. Balbac spoke in a low voice and in Arabic. His quick and keen glanoe had instantly, recognised the locality and comprehended the plan conceived by his ready-wieted and daring, subordinate—who was, in truth, one of his most famous and faithful captains. Nor was there a man of his litter-bearers who was not, when at sea or on Moslem seas, a commander of a ship in the fleets of which Balbac was chief of all. Every man had bean selected by Bilbao for his courage, strength, skill, haired of Christian powers, and for fidelity to himself. The guards of the count then near the litter, had their .number l>een thrice as great, could not long have held their front against the attack of Bilbao's seven veteran renegade warriors—who were as reckless of their Uvea as they were of all Christian law. "3y this -time/' -replied Ahmed Ali,5n the; same guarded tone and in the i same language as Ilia chief had used," Hiybad, whom I sent forward a few minutes ago, should have -arrived,atourabodeand givenxertaVu'orderii there ' ""What orders, comrade?" aiked Bilbao. '.Tohaveascoreofourhestmen—Igave him their names ere I »ent him—ambushed • in the shrubbery near the -gate, to sally forth in swift but silent attack when I sound my whistle " * Not a man, and certainly not-the hag Boveda, must- live to set speedy pursuit after us." us," *aid «aid Balbac. "R*lh»n. • tJ "Have TT-.n><. you nn.i provided against that danger ?" "X have,", replied Ab med Ali: " If the guards, now in our rear, do not draw nearer to us than they now are ere your litter is just at our gateway, we-shall turn suddenly from the street, pass through: the gateway a few paces, and then halt. The guards, or the : hag, will probably shout to us as we turn into the gateway, but we will not heed' them until we shall be far enough within and beyond the gateway to-permit the gate to be closed. The guards and the woman will ! follow us through the gateway and gather about the litter, and demand why we have carried it there. Then I shall sound my whistle. Instantly OUT ambushed force will rush from cover? close the-gate, and inake speedy end of the hag and of every guard." '.'The scheme is excellent, and I think it will succeed, 'aaid BilDao. "II it succeeds we can quickly re-dieguise -. my - daughter, change our own garb, pass out into The Bambla mingle with the-crowds now there, send word to my followers now at the port, and be on the sea and far away, ere Count Scorda shall discover -that he has again lost his intended bride. Bat what if these guards close up and march on-each side of my litter, ere we reach our gateway ?-' • Ahm'd All, still ^walking behind the. front lifts of the litter, looked back ere he replied: - - - " The one nearest to the litter is tan paceB from our rearmost bearer. -The others are I laughing and pointing at the woman, who is apparently railing at them. ' We have only about three hundred paceB to go. I do not think the guards will drawnearer to us before we reach the gateway-'' . - CHAPTER Xn. COUNT SooaDAatood upon the threshold of the -turret prison for a 1B moments,glancing mhouttheplace^nd at :4he chains arad;fettersi ot4ihe captive. ; <\- r ; ""WhyihouldgjIiaVe imagined," •hough'- she 1 eveniorWlustant^lha'tJie anixht have ] ^scaped rJenc^J^50Kthef£delityiof^he^ 'l3ehh^man|ind^ia^aaf^naaumb.soaBlam perfectly confident. Serculei himaelff- vrho* £foun3edBarceiona,' ! 4:heyaayi^could'snot%reak; < those fetters 'unaided-l .-Aud who wishes,, or could wish, -to aid this man r Who in all Barcelona suspects that he is "the famous •Christian herOj Iiord'Haraldaj-of ihe Grecian; and Turkish seas? Who suspaots that he u sot-what I have proclaimed him to be—an Infidel, urged by Moslem hate for so noted a batterer of the Moors as I am, to attempt my iassaEtination la the midst of my body- guard« ? one. AU Barcelona,believes that he is: a Mohammedan zealot^an apostate orrenagade Qreek, or an ln§del assassin, who devoted and risked his own life to take that of Count Scorda." The count was deliberating how to make hia presence knowu to the captive, wiieu suddenly the latter faoed about, and hu eysu fell upon the iJisguised intruder. Not recognising the count in the monkish disguise, and supposing that he was really a friar—for the count was careful toieep the «owl pulled down over bis brows -and. buttoned scroai his face, leaving only Jlis shadowed eyes visible—Lord Hiralda advanced toward him as quickly ai his heavy chain and shackles would allow saying, in a. pleased voice and excellent Spanish: " Hail, good father 1 I thank Heaven that; yon are here 1 ! I pray yon, good'lather, bestow jour "blessing upon me l" And having -advanced ai near to tte prejrended'prienV »B the length of ius -chain' would permit, Lord Faralda sank reveren" tially upon.jhiB knees,:as?'became one of'hie Teligiouaialth _ .V What:)" "exclaimed' tha -connt, in well- :simulated surpriee..;."'Do you ask the 'bless-• ingof a Christian priest ? You!—an lnfidel!' . —A follower of the accursed^ Mohammedj the 1 •false prophet 1", \-- • : " Who says, so of me ?'' exclaimed Lord Haralda, nsmg mdiguantly. : - ;. "All Bircelona says so, infidel All Barcelona, from her. first lord to her meaneEt: beggar 1" replied the count- " IVhat! Hss it .been kept .concealed by. that, perjured knight and noble, Samas..del Scorda—my rival,in fame as well as in lovethat.theman who struck him down in the midst of his guards—that I - am Haralda HaUiEton, Haralda the Greek! HaiaMaj the dread of the Turks!" ' No rumour to that effect is abroad in ® aT oelona,'' replied the count;:coldlyi ..'' 'Why should, the.ri) db, when" Connt Scorda, all powerful In B tcelona, Erst Lord jand Chief; JaSge of ' the city declares jbhat^ou are a Moslem zealot -,by, name Hayjiad, a follow /if tiiten before those ofliircolona who are to irj me for my rash attack upon Count Scorda in the -streets I admit it was a-most rash deed, since it failed to amite the villain -dead and has left me as I am—when I shall be tried it will be readily proved that I am Haralda the Greek,-the ..Christian ifoe-of all the Infidels in the woHd ! Haybad, indeed:! There are at least a score pf nobles and hundreds of sailors in Barcelona who will not fail to recognise my face—ay, eyen my voice.. And once before the •tribunal, I will show : such just cause for my attack, upon the .villain Saorda that, every true hearted knight and knave in Barcelona r shall shout, 'Out upon:Eamas del Soorda! Let every honest hand hurl a stone at him.' Kill the perjured robber l" Kay, father, I have heard of the fierce temper of the people of Barcelona when their fury. i« aroused," I shall appeal to the people of Biroelona, and -to her .nobles, for justice tome—for vengeance upon liamas del Scorda—" '<Peace! you are to have no trial," said the count, his voice still well disguised, but trembling.with rage. "What need of trial for a wretch who tried to assassinate Bircelona's First Lord m the open day—in the presence of fifty men 1 Count Scorda is absolute ruler m Barcelona. There are some who say - it will not be long ere the count shall be King of Catalonia and the four provinces, Barcelona, Lerida, Gerona and Tarragona. With such power and ambition who will dare ask by what right Count Scorda condemns, unheard by any tribunal, iihe infidel zealot Hay bad, who was seen by fifty men to stab at the heart of the count? Already are you condemned, and a day for your death by fire appointed " "Hal I am to be burned to death; and under charge that l am Haybad I" -"Such is the doom decreed to you :by the all-powerful ruler of Bircelona. The people shout < 'Death to Haybad J'.» ". Even as I am led to the stake, even as I pais through the streets of Bircelona, I will shout that I* am Haralda the Greek 1" Did that availyou when you were-attaoked by the count and left for dead, Infidel ?" " Nay, father, call me not Infidel. By the cross, which I rejere ai fervently,' if not as holily, as you,-father, I am .a 'Gliri.tian, and ihe son of a Christian mother. See here ' on my bosom," exclaimed Lord Haralda, piillinjj fcpart his Greek jacket so as to reveal Jhls nakedO>reast to the 'gaze of the pretended friar—"jea—here -as -tattooed ^npon -^mv breaatthe symbol of the faith of my parents a cross. It was imprinted upon my bosom when Ijwas a child, and hy my father'* hand/ as I have heen told So, think not, holy 3 friar,, that, I.am or.-ever, was a -believer in the false prophet of the Infidels " "1 must still think you. are hut an lnfidel apostate—for so Count S:orda has proclaimed, I came-here to announce your doom to you, and to see if the nearness of the awful death that is fast approaching you " " They.Bhall kno.w that I am Lord Haralda! Haralda the Greek 1" exolalmed the captive, with some fierceness, as he ahook.bis manacles indignantly, and not waiting for the pretended -priest to conclude what he was about to say. " In the streets—on the scaffold, will I declare that I am Haralda the Greek." You will be SBcurely and forever gagged; miserable man, before you are led from this dungeon," said the count, who felt a ferocious pleasure in thus threatening his helpless captive. By. heaven, I will declare who I aiu to those who are sent to gag me! Thetruth will some day be known, and-the well- known rivalry that exists between me and Cbunt Scorda will go to prove what I shall assert to those-who may be sent to gagme in this—" " Deaf mutes," said the count, interrupting Lord Haralda. " To the two routes will be! assigned the duty, to gag you ere you be delivered to the hands of their father, Volta, the Death'sman of Bircelona. They are deal even to thunder. 1 I had forgotten them,", said Lord Haralda, .with something like sudden despair in his face r and voice. . " Death .has no terrors for me 7 good lather—though the voice and power of my enemy prevails against me in your mmd, I will still call you as my faith has taught mei to call all who wear, your sacred garb^ goodfather—death has no terrors to me; A thousand times an battle and storm and pestilence I have faced death with a smile upon 1 my lip3. From my childhood up, kind father,-! iiave braved :-death in a thousand 1 shapes., .Why should I fear death now—i .when the light of my scul as a living man has been extinguished by Count Ucorda ? Was it not enough, for his hate, ^nalice and env when he robbed me of jay intended 'hride^evenbeforethc.holycaltariOfthejprieBthermit, Alpa J "NotJeath do Hear—but I -".'-Not Vo. f1w.ere .eveni, Vour"iather/*»or L another, -or hrother—^lf jou "%ave auch : kindred—present,and Boaear-to^ou thatty •stretching forth an^rm.your.-shoulder. could he touched, atoll would yon pass on to yoor doomofiame andinfamynnrecognised by all asa kinsman, Haybad Your lilr i« to be 'shorn to the scalp,'lyour-faoetia stodoe eahayedi and painted with blackeBt pitch, :.your.form is to be gal bed in the .shapeless and shape ;concealingdeathrobe.-:,Su6h.are<the commands.' of Gount Scorda, and you tnay be sure -that they will be executed to the -very letter. Cast aside all hope, Haybad " Lord Haralda's noble face, pale from all he: had undergone since Lady Mazeenta was torn ) from him, grew paler as -the disguised count; spoke aiabov*. " When am I to die * ' lie asked, after a pause " To day." "To-day!" j "Yes—»t some hour between midday and, sunset The hour first appointed was the. hoiir of noon ; buk for cnrtalu reaioni known to -Count Scorda, the fagots wluoh are to consume you to ashes may not be -fired is: soon " ' Wheream I to die, sdbdiather t" asked 5Lord-Har»ld»,"wlth,the"wild- lightof,despair in his eyes. ^ i^f'^ ou:were|;a2ingftomjonderwindowaB 'J opened the -door, Haybad. Thereis a »on ihair -upon -one <of those boating -pUttormi.' In that chair you are to be-chained and burned to ashes " -"-•Great-Heaven' deliver me !•• 'Butl'saw two; floating platforms, good father." - ' " On the other, just before Volta fires the fagots beneath your chair ot- death and torture, Connt: Soorda is to be wedded to Xiidy Mazeenta—' " Ha! To-Iiady- Maieenta ! Count Scorda is to he wedded to my betrothed j—thethrice accursed villain I 'Ah! a thousand- times: rather could I wish that she were dead—aa I lave Relieved ihe ;-Was till this instant ! Mazeenta! Hapless Mazeenta 1" Life of my heart and :soul ! 'v -God help ^thtfe, poor Mazeental" 'groaned Lord Haralda; as ; hei sank again upon -his kueat, and covered his .face with his hands. Count Scorda, secure in his disguise,- glared exultingly np a his helpless captive, and said in his heart. "-S —I have forced him to his kneesin his' agony of soul! This great hero, Lord, Haralda 5 Haralda the Greek I—whose ever; increasing fame in .the Grecian sun iad begun to ^malta'my^ glory'in Moorish ahd. • Lruod father," said Lord Haralda Temov ing his hands and looking up anto =the shadowed eyes of the connt—who was not mora than thkee -feet beyond his reach had Lord Haralda desired to .attempt to reach him—does not all this prove to you that Count Scorda knows l am fflaralda-the Greek: —his rival in fame and in love ?: Does it not prove ito you,-now that I have declared to you that I am Haralda the Greek, that Count Scordjj is doing all he can—nsmg: every precaution—to prevent everyone in Barcelona from suspecting that I am lord Haralda ?" . ".If.such fear -was his, Haybad, would he npt have had- you strangled long »incef Would he not have had you slain in the atreets by his guards when you lay senseless —smitten nearly dead by his mace- bearer?" " What has he told to you, father, of inef Of his so-called Infidel zealot captive?" aaked Lord Haralda. " This, Haybad. That he recognised you, as you struck him, as the same Infidel who had won the heart of Bilbao's daughter under tho pretence that you; a renegade Greek, were the noble Christian Jhero, Lord Haralda.- .That Lady Maaeenta,^believing you to be Lord Haralda, and being herself a Christian, and the daughter of a Christian woman, loved you—ior the time—" "Ah—'for the time!'" repeated Lord Haralda. "' For the time ?'" ''For the time—for she loves- you no longer,|hayicg learned, since you aud she were separated, that you are not Haralda the Greek, but Haybad, a renegade and apostate Greek--—" "Count Scorda lies 1 I would the falsetongued villain, were here that my tongue oould curse him, ere that tongue be fettered by his vile mutes." " Listen to what I say, Haybad. The count says and will say to the world, if to speak of the affair to the world ever becomes necessary, that you deceived Lady Maieenta into the belief that you -were Haralda the Greek, and having loat:her and a certain treasure, and being rendered desperate thereby, you. attempted-to assassinate him -in the streets , of Barcelona—for your own .vengeance and to be praised by the Moslems, - for whom yon forsook, the faith of tb* Greeks.": - - - "Andyon, good father—having aeen me, having heard me speak, and knowing all the oare thathe Mat to hide !mj face, and even the sound of my -voice,' >f rom. the - people .of Barcelona, still belieye^Jus words?" '(Tole CoutmueS) ~ ' 