AMERICAN SUMMARY. San Francisco. August 5. Michael Lees, a San Francisco millionaire, died suddenly at Wallenstein, Bavaria. His estate, is estimated, to be worth ยง9-,000,000 The cricket match to be played in October, between the home-going Australians and the San Franciscans, will be on the basis of 22 of the latter to the 11 strangers. The match will ex tend over three days, provided the innings last long enough. The Canadian Government advertise for tenders for the construction of a line of rail way from the province of Ontario to the waters of the Pacific Ocean. Seven deaths have occurred from yellow fever at New Orleans. Eeports have been received at the Indian Office that the Sioux contemplate a general war. A letter to the Tribune gives the conversation of a gentleman engaged in a manufacturing business in one of the northern counties of Pennslyvania. He says the chances are we shall have much more serious trouble within the next two. months than that which came upon us unexpectedly last summer. Preparations are being made for. a simultaneous strike all over the country, on railroads, at the mines', and in many of the largest manufacturing establish ments, and nothing but the utmost vigilance on the part of the State authorities, and such pre parations as will make it possible to crush out such a movement instantly, will prevent one of the worst calamities than have ever befallen this country. The r sing is said to be fixed for the middle of August; A Chinese Embassy, numbering 45 persons, had arrived in San Francisco en route to "Wash ington. A cloud burst in Dacota, at the Mennonite settlement, and submerged a large portion of the country, and many persons were drowned. Labor -troubles commenced in Washington, D.C., but were soon quieted. Barus, a~ well-known horse, recently-trotted three miles in-2 mins. 14ยฃ sees., 2 mins. 15 sees., and 2 mins. 14 sees.. Kearney, the agitator, has gone to Boston from San Francisco. The Eastern papers ridicule his speeches unmercifully, and sneer at San Francisco for being alarmed at them. He has taken up General Butler. McNard,.the:'Australian pugilist, has proved the victor in another prize .fight'in San Fran cisco, beating his antagonist, Hogan, in seven rounds. He declares his intention to abandon the ring, and has taken a place as " professor" in a gymnasium. ; The Central Pacific Mail Company have can celled agreement, and no longer pool (?) on freights from the Eastern States to California. As a consequence, the railroad has almost doubled its freight charges, and New York mer chants propose to bring the matter before Con gress. The Bussian Consul, General Doubisco, died at the White Sulphur.Springs, West Virginia, on 2nd instant. " A real live ghost is believed by some persons to haunt a house which has been un tenanted for some , time in Johnson-street," reports the Wallaroo Times of August 31. " A few nights since a resident of our town, hap pening to pass the particular locality after nightfall, was horrified by the appearance of a figure in white, which, he stated, placed its hands upon its knees and groaned dreadfully. The said resident did not, however, stay to in terrogate the ' unreal mockery' as to the mean ing of its peculiar conduct, but exercised such unwonted velocity of movement that .he found himself at his own door in an extraordinarily short space of. time. It is stated that his hair resembled the 'quills upon the fretful porcu pine' to an extent that defied both brush and comb to'make it assume its original condition until the state of nervous agitation into which he .had been thrown by the apparition had somewhat subsided. We expect to hear before long that Constable Donegan has succeeded in . exorcising this unquiet spirit, and that he, she, or it, as the case may be,-is safe in the custody of Corporal Smith at the lock-up." When a man has no bills against him he feels as though he belongs to the nobility. 