StMiftlr M Mtr j 6 v— ' "-O "f\f ' . ' As the anniversary of the battle of the Boyne 7 - fell on Friday this yea.r, the Loyal Orange. Institution determined to have two religions , services instead of one as hitherto ; the one on , the Sunday before, and the other on the Sunday, iGnowing) uiiG greau oay iuS6xr» uq iuou ouQUc»yy July 7th, the ground floor of the Exhibition Building was packed with a most attentive . audience, that could not have numbered much less than 10,000 persons. The W.G.M. of tho Orange Institution (Mr. W. Kippax) took the chair, and there were also on the platform the Revs. G. Sutherland (Grand Chaplain), J. G. Middleton, G. Lane, Dr. Barry, J. Banner, Dr. . M'Gibbon, F. Tait, D. Allen, and W. Beg and ", several officers ef the Grand Lodge. , '/ The service was begun by thie audience sing- . ; irig the first .hymn, ' ' Whosoever . heareth.'' /./ / The Grand Chaplain then .offered prayer.- 5 , The Rev. J. Barnier gave out the next hymn, - ." Sov'reign of all,!"-, At - the conclusion of /this,!',./ hymn,: the, vast, ! audience sang ' a- verse I of . the v, National/Anthem . with . real ( -Protestant . en-, "i thnsiasm. , ' > ' ' ' ; 'The . Rev. J. G. Middleton read the 55th,„ /chapter of Isaiah. / The Rev. Dr. M.'Gibbon -gave, out , the third liymn, " To tlie work !" , and at its couclusion readitheYnd Timothy; 3rd chapter, -r- .; v. ' ' ! The iRe v.- WV ! -Beg - read1, the - fourth- hymn,- ; " The Great Physician." . i , /, | The:Rev., G. Sutherland - then preached: from ; , 2 Chronicles , xv. 2, ."Thei Lord, -is with you - ; while, ye: are -with-ihim,- and -if. ye seek him- he yvlill; be found oLyou, .but-if ? yo forsake him; he ' will, forsake .you." -Our -Society : is ,a - religious; society. Thisvls: its-; glory; '. this -is its- chief ., distinction; j ; .Our Society 'is, emi uently . religious, though not exclusively, so. . ,If we -are to -be >a . . religious society we -must maintain that. religipn. - Its ."distinguishing peculiarity -Is that it is -heaven-: : sent, not derived from earth, not , the- produe-; i tion of any human reason,: but: giveff to us from, heaven and ' recorded in tlie Holy. Book which we call the Bible. Hence our relationship to - God is a matter - of tho; very first importance. O'ur chief distinction arid honour wilLbe/ to - be. -> OR friendly i terms with our Maker, to -be His true and loyal Bervarits-ahdlfaithfuland-deyoted worshippers. Unfortunately for us as a raoo wo have ! cast off our allegiance froiri heaven.: We have been, seduced from. our. loyalty to - the Great King.of.the,Universe,.'and now it. is " our . chief business -to return to.God, to be reconciled to .Him, to obtain- His-. favour, to worship Him - in spirit and in truth, to make His .command-- - mentB our, religion; and- to remain in fellowship .with Him7 and in closest, friendship for timerand:, .eternity. . The great principle laid down -In our text here ls that God; will be with us 'while- -we are with him ; that is we must continue -faithful to God if we. are to expect.. His. -friendship -and . favour. He deals with us as rational and immortal creatures, and expects us to, hear him, to obey Him, to love Him, to serve Him. - Let , ,me show, you. briefly what it is to be with God, - and- then .'What it is for God to be.withi us.' . -If . we are to be on the'Lord's side .we mrist'receive!Him..- as our law-giver and obey Him as . our king. ,W.e ' < ' are with -the Lord if we acknowledge- - no other .1 5 over us in -spiritual7 matters, In matters-of cori:.: : ! science. ;God speaking through His own Holy - Word must ; be ' our - Master, our Director./ , - We must- bow our uriderstandiugs; -our. hearts; and- our -consciences to; the Great Jehovah,! the All-. Wise, i.the : Omniscient,- the Law-Giver - of the ' Universe. H we" are His subjects welwill.regu-. late ; outi lives according7 to His b oly precepts.- , -We-, will not i neglect the House of, God. . .We will worshipithe living and true God In private and- in . our - families. We will . not.. spend the Lord's Daly/ in idleness arid sin, in ;frivolity land vanity. We/will worship God, not according to- the/commandments -of men/nor the supersti- tious' - usages - of the ages,- nor the 'traditions of the Fathers, that are/often contrary:- to' God's Word, -but in/spirit; arid In truth, maintaining / the purity and spirituality of His worship. -We must look up to Him for guidance.7 We must put our dependence on Him for prosperity "and success, and trust,- not -in our bravery, riot- in our resolution, not in our arts of war, but on -the arm of the Almighty God. On .Him'"-we -must rely for our high ! position, the preserva- - tion -of. our libertiesj -the -pevpotuatiou of our - empire till time shall .he , no. more. Secondly,: What is it for, tlie Lord to be witli'us?, If the , -Lord bo on i our side He will be in us the' source of spiritual life, of faith, of love, of zeal, of 'strength,; of courage) ;,;He will; show - us the-, treafiuros of His, .grace, and . prompt , us i to ask , , -from'" Himself; /those great' spiritual ' blessings ' which he is so ready to bestovv. : He ivilL make us zealous for his honour and glory. It is good to be zealously.affedtedln a good 'Cause. ? Why. . -is this -large assembly here, but 7 b'ocause you are zealous -in a- good -cause ? Some of you have ? worked'ilong and i hard iri! the ' good cause, an d I "trust-your sons, and daughters after you' will be 7: as zealous /or the' glory7 of God and the- liberties ' of His jieeple. ilf tho- Lord1 be in you yon/will7- riot be backward arid shrink lu the day of: con test.. See David going to contend with Goliath/ See Samson iwho- was in lrimself a-hoBt.7 Who'7 7 can die,, against you! if- the Lord -bo for you ? 7 /He wilhbe.'for .-.you7, individually7 land uiitipnally.7' He will procure 'for 'us' pardon for7 onr siiis, 7 and'! will; triumph-over-7 death, and wis; shall riot go -down-.tq; tho- abyss' of I the dost. . Our snti shall 7 \- notigb'-'dowri, but- shall -shino in undiminished ' spleiidonr . from - Inge to age, and our British7 'glory - shall" continue ctillythe", light of the 7 mil-' lenial sun shall visit ou r world; then this .national' 7 7 gloryishall be iriergeil'Iiito that universal - glory - 'for the production of which, in God's good providence, it - has caused so much work to be ' ' done. But if we listen to infidelity, if- we -allow poor human reason the sparks 'of man's kindling, to take the place of the inspired volume,' if we neglect:.' .the -sanctuary' of 'God, if' we ' trample under foot his holy Sabbaths, then' our' 'glory 1wilfi.be7 gone;-' and we shall -recede7 from our high! :' position,- cand another -will j rise to that prriud pre-eminence' which' we .nciw! occupy.7 It 7 is-for'" lyoii .to: 'resolve you' will nover desert' the Lord' 5 arid/His; cause;!7. See -that you 'have no part ' or -lot with- the infidel, the impure, the super- stiious. See that in your families you in- culcate the morality of God's holy word) Be! \ \- loyal. ':to; your Queen but®be loyal also :i6 !th'e/! 5 : great - iKirig i of - King8,h and) let /His1 'Holy Book ' ! .regulate your lives. The hymn "Rock of Ages " was then sung. The Rev. Joseph Barnier delivered a sermon on Acts 17 chap. 11 verse. " These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind and searched the Scriptures daily whether those things were so." Men and brethren, this is a capital text for a Protestant sermon. Every tiue sermon is a Protestant sermon, for every declaration of truth contains in embryo a pro test against the opposing error. This text declares it to be a good thing to test every sermon, to try every declaration by an appeal to the one infallible standard, the heaven-sent revelation, . the book of the living God. God commands men everywhere to repent. Oh ! earth, earth, earth, hear the voice of the Lord. Men and brethren, come and be saved; unholy ones come and be holy; earth-bound ones break the fetters of your prison-house and soar to wards heaven. St. Paul- came to Berea and preached Jesus Christ the one mediator between God and man, the fulfilment of the types and prophecies of the Old Testament, Jesus", the Friend of sinners, the helper of the helpless, the strength of the weak, Jesus whose name sends a thrill of rapture to some of our souls torday. As the hymn we have sung says — ' . Sweetest note ill seraph song, \ ; I n v ,',c Sweetest name on mortal tODgue, - , Sweetest carol ever sung, ; Jesus, blessed Jesus. : i ' Now . this was good news to the Bereans if'it' was .true. Was it true ?' It was a strange thing ' to them; > it was a strange thing to 'the I Jews, r: to find a '.man .coming and telling' 'them something 1 that had 'liappened at Jerusalem, that was con trary to their expectations. ! They knew- from thpir own Scriptures that a Messiah was pre dicted, who was to be the Saviour of the world; NoW;their task was easy. Is the man of whom Paul preaches the person predicted? Does the picture of Christ's person and work1 fill in the prophetic outline? This was the task set them; and they attempted to accomplish it, This was true freedom of thought, to test what was heard, and not to' fling it away; This contrasts with the spurious freedom of thought of. many now-a-days. The Bereans looked for truth, and they found it. Infidelity seeks for falsehood and finds it. The one in the light of a candid noble mind searches for the. truth, not for the mere sake of victory over this opponent .or that, or "for quibbling, but to. get the truth and hold it. The other' projects a shadow from his own prejudiced mind, and in the darkness of the shadow, even the truth of God grows obscure and dim. Now, I proclaim this gospel to-day to'eyery man,' woman and child here, and l say.. — -see 'if what. ;l' say is ,true. ,1 '.praise .. the. wisdom of the - Bereans, Paid praised, it,' Luke praised it, tlie" Holy Ghost . praised- it. ,' I/Say) Do the same with the';minister's ' message/as .tlie Bereans did when Paul addressed them.j,' The. Church of Rome sa'pthenyiseie.'says,' " Let me! direct you, give me the management of your , conepce;.' let me,.de6ne.thV,Vtlih dogmas,, that lsayaroclogmas." I sayi'"Submit to 110m an living until you have satisfied- yo.iir mirid that tlie Bible is'tlie Book of God, aiid then listen to and accept what the minister gett, from .'it, '.'and nothing- else. Rome may say, .".Wlio are ypii that doth set . yourself 'up against f the) majestic,"' the i glorioris,' Churcffi , of,! antiquity ?" you will. Only'a voice', only a , sigii-post. ,, But; a voice' that stands for. the; honour of God aridtlie Book, tlie Book' that points.away. from'mah., 'I Find' out for yourself the' truth of God and tlie Church that is based, on the,; truth,. and then ally yourself with that Church. )" "We" must have a. standard of appeal ; one thatjs infallible, one tliat 'never changes.'. It is -said say the Church of' llome is always, the. same. ' /Is it ? No. , Ever changeful, eyer chahging,; 'developing' hew doctrines, proclaiming new, dogmas "in;- every century, ' fitting herself in - a thousahd'', 'aspects to float with the changing .'Currents of 'tlie.day, so' long, as she- herself may, ride majestically,, filling a grand place in. the eye of . .the world, hiding behind a. thousand masks of smile or frown, benignancy , or hatred, . poverty or pomp, the one. stern, inflexible will to bind the nations under' her. feet. This is the standard of appeal, the.Book of God. Shall we be like the Bereans ? Shall we accept the standard or ' hot? That is. the question. The, Book, is ; the solvent. 6 f all; problems, the answer .to. all ' questions, the guide to all inqiiirers after truth, and. outside of it there is no infallible standard of ; appeal. . Unchahgeful and unchanging here ! it ies..the same as it was .eighteen hundred years! ago, save' for difference in languages. Like a gigantic iron-clad going down a . river -amid the ; war:, canoes of savages, untouched, unharmed by the arrows that hay'e dashed against her : iron sides,;; she flbats- '-along :. .majestic.- on her .mission. ; of' peace and good- will to men. Attacked by, ;iu-„ fidelity, assailed. bya thousand enemies, banned, burned, buried, '.under "the pretence of hiding it reverently .from common use, by the Church of Rome. Science ,! has misrepresented it, un- : fortunately. Better times are 'coming in that respect. Literature ha!s .poured inky-floods-" of venom . over , its sacred papes- Unhurt, uri- har mod, unchanging, it is still the same. It has not lowered , - its standard ? of . morality, ! nor altered itself tp .suit . the times, nor grown 'cold to the sorrowful) . nor hard ! 'to ; tho penitent' that; seeks "for ' pardon, 'nor.' dark to the.' man 'that ' looks .np and cries ."Oh God ! light in the midst of .this1 dark' world,; light', 'on the) path that leads beyond" the' grave ! \ My soul beats itself in vain agajngb , the.. .prison-bars ; of..: time,!,.. Ob,, is there no!|light!" Yes'! , the Book gives light, . and wkat other bbok or teacher does ? Brethren, be. men of!, the Book:;' .stahcl .fpritagainst -the Infidel ; .against anyone!; who' ivbiilff rob! you, of it'inider preteuce ofveyerehce for it, fc bury it, or to. scorn it, or to fling it away. They do not knpw.what'it is! . ; Try it,.try fort pr for .controversy, '-to , try a r sermon, or to get : strength ;for life's! battle, to .unmask: a hypocrite;, or. to, recognise , one of God's sons ; for earth, fbr(heaveni ,try; .the Book and use it. Brethren,- be inen of.tlie Book.: . ' After the hymn "Am I, a; Soldier: of rtlic Cross ?" had been sung; .. The Rev. George; Lane took for. his text . Acts xiii. SS, 39 verses— ''Be it known unto you therefqre,'reenand:biethren, that through .this man is' preached unto you the fqrgiveness of sins, ®., !&iv;" ;',He,'said : Wejdb welT to. be.:glad . to- ®ay- o 'In -our gladness let us be grateful to Go.d ; , , 00tr.unt0.u8, mot untolus,'" but unto the' Lord , most High 'be the/praise , and .the glory. T In our, gladness to-day let us not forget our duty. As true Protestants, we are bound to utter our protest against the false doctrines, a3 well as against the arrogant claims of Bomanism. In things spiritual it behoves us to be faithful in this protest, as well as in matters social. We have a banner to display, because of the truth of our Holy Religion, as well as a flag to outspread because of our precious civil liberty. If to-day, as in the days of /Chillingworth, it may be truly affirmed that " the Bible, the Bible only is the religion of Protestants," then as worthy fol lowers of those noble men who began the conflict against religious error and civil oppression, we must carry on the conflict in the same spirit of loyalty to truth, confidence in God, reverence for the Scriptures, and unfailing devotion to our Lord- and Saviour Jesus Christ. The right of private- judgment, the personal responsibility to God of each human soul, and the justification of every penitent sinner through faith in ''the One Mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus," are three of the great principles of our common Protestantism. They are dis tinctly taught in the Bible, and they accord with the reason and conscience of every thought ful-Christian. The last of these is, in fact, a chief - article of the creed of Christendom, a prominent doctrine in all Protestant Theology, a glorious truth enshrined iu the pages of God's- Revelation to men, and the subject of happy experience to many in this audience. It is the gift of God to every person who, conscious of,, and confessing, his sinfulness, and desiring- to lead/a.- new life, believes in the. Lord Jesus Christ; and this unspeakable blessing may be obtained- by :air who thus seek it, and without the ' intervention of any human mediator,' or saintly intercessor, or the payment of any price, or the endurance of any self-inflicted pains or penalties. This glorious doctrine it is our duty" and our privilege as Protestants to hold, not only in theory,, but also in practical experience ; not merely as an intellectual possession, but as a heart treasure; not only as written down among the principles of our Order, but as ' a transforming power and a blessed privilege of our personal life. Would to God that every person in this audience to-day enjoyed- this happy experience of the forgiveness of sins,' through faith which is in Christ Jesus our Lord, If this be one of the fundamental principles 'of Protestantism, one of the cardinal doctrines of scripture, one of the chief- subjects of gospel preaching, and the great need of every sinful creature, ought we not, to be consistent - with our profession, and avowed principles, to seek" it until we find it?- "Be -it known unto you therefore, :men and' brethren; that through this man— the /God- man Christ Jesus — is preached iinto/you the forgiveness of sins, &c.;" These clear and forcible words of St. Paul in the Synagogue of Antioch- eighteen centuries ago' are ringing in the ears of the world to-day. He preached -Christ— Christ crucified — as man's Redeemer, the procurer of his salvation and the object of his trust. His whole teaching re volved around this great central truth. He proclaimed " repentance towards God and faith in; our Lqrd. Jesus Christ," to be the conditions of this salvation. His message here is most' important ; it was from God, to men, by the -lips of one of themselves, and concerning the removal of sin and its consequences, through the Lord Jesus Christ. His words imply the .fact of sin, its world-wide spread, its guilt and , curse, and man's inability 'to free himself from its condemnation and punishment., They : also declare, the only Divine, free, universal, and sufficient provision for the removal of our guilt and curse. " The forgiveness of sins," arid, 'justified from all things ,". are synonymous and' interchangeable terms,, describing the .same, great Messing in different aspects. Only the Christian 'Religion provides for the pardon and removal, of sin, .other systems ignore or lightly reg;ard , it. But this recognises its power, : and heinousness,' and "reveals " the Lamb of God! /which taketh away the sin of the world." No man or angel was equal to this great work. But ; God sent" His! Son to -be the Saviour of the World, "and His atoning.. wprk is the ground of our salvation. The gospel call is to all mankind. "By Him all that believe are justified from all things .from which they could not be justified by the law, of Moses. " This is a complete blessing extending to .all our sins ; . to the ; believer " there is nov, therefore, no condemnation. " .."Hq justifieth .the ungodly." .This blessing is .offered, '.upon-, terms which , bring ;it within , the ' reach of all who truly seek it ; . faith in Christ is the chief . conditiohj ; and ; this "all can exerci se. ; ' | Thrbugh this mahl theGod-man Christ Jesus .-and,'.- Him alonef" not the inercy of God out !,of phrist, ; .jriot thrpugh' any 'merit or good work's of our! ;' own! j not through , any saintly intercession, '-or1, fey/ any priestly absolution, or by! any human C interyention whatever) but -through "Jesus' 'Christ', '"and 'Him ouly. Have y'ou;/.thiB .blessing ?,... .Have, you sought, it? Have ! . you , felf your , need ! of it ? 0 ,. seek .the' gracipus! . 'aid' .'of . "tlie Holy Spirit .to reveal your needand tb'-lead you to the Sayipur., I11 a seridhs illness "of Luther's, the Evil one' seemed;,to,, appear. ;tq ! him,( with a long roll im serLbed witli. all his .sius.' ! His brave heav.t, quailed before the t'erriMe list) till He remembered' ;.that 'one;,thingvWMtn6tllyyteh;therB.V!!.VP'he' /thing you have forgotten ; .the, rest is allhtrue,- but' one thing yoii "have forgotten,'! . said he,'. " The blood ' of Jesiis ( (Jhrist'ffSoh 'efedmeQi', from all sin," and as lie said, this) '' ''.thpa'dcuVe'E of the brethren" and, his Jieavy. ii611;oltrRh8", gressions disappeared altogether. ' Let us 'imitate ithe ' great Reformer's peniteiii: hfust!.liv. /Jesus Christ,; and; like Jhim, .through the ''all- cleansihg blood,. .we: shall' triumph o'ver "all our fears and foes. V".,;;'!!' ' .'..:!. '!!!: ',-.! ' The audience (then; saag .;'Tliough troubles assail and; dangers affright," and,the Doxolbgy., /The , , pronouncing, ; of the ; beucdiotion: . by. the Grand;Chaplain .brought the service to . a close. .A choir, .of i .20.0. voices, ..under , the & leadership of :Mr. ,R. jChanrUer, conducted the sioging,V Mr,|;T iW.- iCrayen presiding, at. the ..organ. / Women,; Avaunt. — At!the special request ; of Leo XIII.. the. female members of; families resid ing. at; the Vatican liaYe -been' removedifrom: its precincts.; : The Rope,. objects, to, the presence of j , . females.' ., on ;, his premises, i lest; unfriendly, comments -might arise, on the part: of strangers,: who. come jto '.pay, their respects at the seat 1 .of /infallibility. ,; , . i() . , . ; > 