CHAPTER II. Dearest Clara,-The English mail: day has come round again, but I have no more dis coveries to tell you. Our two new friends seem to have settled down here for the rest of their natural lives, and devote them selves to the chief end of man by killing as many fish and fowl as possible, under the name of sport. They know everybody here and go everywhere. We meet them at dinners, dances, rac§s, church, and market the last meaning flower shows and croquet parties- but neither Mary nor I can discover anything that throws a light on her old ad venture. I fancy, however, that the artist is ever so little-just over the ankles-in love with her. He is always accidentally walking past our houses, or sitting on the Band under a_ large umbrella, making a sketch of three ^ which he calls Study of Coast Scenery. As for the friend he is generally there too, but with theErf a man who comes merely to oblige his com ESfcT' PrCVent &tkrXmfeS; Yesterday, however. I really thought we should have solved the mystery. To begin j iifrhat is charitably called a warm day here-that is, a day when you feel as if one of the even, doors in the sun had been left open by mistake, and the air was rush ing out at you ; when the sky is one white glare, which seems to absorb every spot of shade, as well as every drop of moisture: a day when life becomes a buaien, when butter resolves itself into a dew, when Uie iceman forgets to call, and the postman does not bring you the letters you want. e ^ ?ngaged to dine at Mrs. Bel monts, sansciremonir. and gloves," but early in uie morning little Kobert Belmont called on his way to school, whither he was going with the expression of one of the early Christian martyra, to aakmetogo over and see his sifter immediately. Mary received me with much solemnity; silently taking a little case out of her pocket she showed me a lovely little cameo bracelet. The tiny 'sculptures were wrought with so "much freedom and spirit that they seemed to have been oketohed rather than carved, and the shell-ground was a delicate pink colour, just like the under lip ofamusbroom, which contrasted beautifully with the dead gold setting. uThis is my birthday, Esther, and we always keep op theoid custom of hanging uo the stockingover night This morning?found, amongst other things, this case from some unknown mend. Yea can guess, of course. ? »I ®®e you think the same as I do, that it has been sent by " ' u I exclaimed. f * W71S going to say," said ^Ie ?ot SS®11 inscription i under the clasp-hook. Here is engraved, in tapy letters, To my Wife,' and then the elate of the party that we were mar-I mean that I acted at. * This is serious, Mary; I can see that. Are they coming to dinner to-night?" Yes; mamma has invited them." Then, if I were you, I should wear the bracelet, and perhaps it will lead to some ex planation." "Perhaps I had better," said Mary, trying it on her wrist, where it certainly looked saiy TOL *. i This Ktdei incident gave meplenty to think about. I felt that Mary hardly realised the strange position that she was in. For instance supposing she were beginning to care for the wrong person? And all my experienceof books led me to believe that it was certain to be the trongone. And then, again, what would be the state of mind of that wrong one * Or of the right one, for that matter? But"just at thatpoint I felt so confused that I gave up thinking of all the possible complications: HQTO^^edmner passed over without any ** Jdder F?»PIe had tettled down to cards, and we others made tiKttstu! quartette st one end of the room Suddenly the conversation struck upon that fort»dden ground, the North of Swaandf Whenever anyflnng which is remotely con ow secret happens to be men SS1&^SSJfWa?dIg^pinkBnd ne^ons, HA no donbt) aalam innocent of it altol d^ed in guilt ofthetyo. So it waa in this case: andjust SfeTfLffl* IJ^tro^lQce some other an inspiration from one of those mfrchieroPB spinfa who occasionally hawifcMDarnnnds, and causeuato lose our , mget our pursea, sneexe in chncchl thuigaintheworid I ranst needa tMnn to E#i|pis.§fe jp® *5^6. lb. Ward took upthe ene." f fflthallwiymB in jta^w», g* rt aomebmej becomes a terrible sss^^^^ssst. >n " Hamlet/" or the ghost in the " Coreican Brothers." The w^iole house iB turned upside down. The drawtngroom is wanted fot re hearsals, the diningroom is made into a stage and you take your meals in some outhouse or conservatory. You go into the library and find a young fellow on his knees before your particular friend of the young ladies. They tell you they are learning their.parts, you rush put to the Bhrubbery and are met by a harmless lunatic who is practising King Lear In desperation you go on to the high road . a servant pursues you with a message, n.aV;V.p. you to come and assist in painting a drop' scene, as your talents in that way are so well known. You return to find an immense blank of canvas and some pots of house paint waiting for you, which you are expected' to convert into a view of Sorrento, Wore lunch-you know the place, Ettrick, I dare say." "Perfectly well," said the major, "for I was born at Wolflaw, and Lindsay is my cousin. But Miss Belmont, you promised to> show us some photographs of yourself, and. we shall not let you off." Mary seized an old book of cartes, thankful for any diversion. Amongst the likenesses' was one of those libels on human nature known as amateur photographs, which she bad had taken some years befora Mary, in, an ancestral shawl and fossil bonnet, was re presented standing by a rustic gate, holding on to the top rail with the energy of despair. Even her worst enemy could not have said it . was like her, but Major Ettrick seemed very.' anxious to possess it, raid Iheard him Miring for it in a-low voice, and some very faint re fusals on her part, .while I'went to the piano and discreetly covered their voices, by playing one of Chopin's waltzes. ~ This is the latest bulletin of the affair thafc I can give you. Adieu for the ; present, dear Clara.-Your affectionate cousin, ESTHER. " P.S.-Midnight-I have just time for a. few more words. All ifi lost now! We know the truth, but fortunately there seems no great harm done to anyone. Imagine the shadiest corner of our garden, a table with, work-baskets and some strawberries, two chairs and two yoong ladies, one of whom is, perhaps, not strictly handsome, bnt prepos sessing-looking ; the other, a fair-haired gijl with the figure of Diana in a white musluL In the distance, two elderly ladies shaking, their heads over some dreadful revelation of gossip; preparations for afternoon tea un&er; an orange tree: and by one of those curious coincidences which seem of daily occurrence now, two well-known masculine figures land ing from a fishing boat just under our tenace wail. Tea, chatter, and general hilarity follow. Then Mary says " Mr. Ward, I insist on yon- eating some of these strawberries, which 1 gathered myBelf." " I will do your bidding, Miss Belmont, or perish in the attempt," he replies,, dro^iiing. the berries in a torrent of cream. "I wonder if any charitable ^person would take pity on an unprotected bachelor, and sew the button on my glove," says Major Ettrick. Mary produces her needle, and takes so long to do the repairs that it is evident she is sewing it on for ptoterity, while a conversa tion in a low vsice ensues, and the artist looks daggers at raft friend; but perhaps that is my fancy. At last Mary looks up, and asks Mr. Ward to tell us our fortunes, ac cording to a former promise of his. " Well, you must first cross my palm with* silver. Now, in order to give you confidence' in my prophetic powers, I will describe on© or two soenes in your past life to you, and also add a few observations on yo®f character, which you must not be offended with, Miser Belmont - will forgive you anything so long, as yon don't tell me that l am amiable. I haV6 Perhapa^ lto^ ,»ot allude to my discoveries in character ai prfesent Truth would force m* tobecotae complimentaryr fend then you wcua bf *ngiy with me But listen; and tak»hee»"|o,the warnings of the gifted seer. First; t see rising out of the past a dim vast hall, with strange and monstrous inscriptions on the vaulted roof; in fact, a railway elation. A piercing scream is heard; the train from the south rashes up; two veiled ladies collect their portmanteaus, bonnet- boxes, scent bottles, ana innumerable small paper parcels." " How do you know we travel with all those." " Interrupt me not, lady. The scene is changed. There is a ballroom filled with fairy-like forma, and brave men in customary suits of solemn black* Acurtain rises atone end; strains of soft music are heard. A lovely bride in white satin costume of 100 years ago. You look pale, Miss Belmont, pray Cot- " give my nonsense." " Yes, I think we have had <piite enoughs of it," says the xbajot. " 1 mustaak for for giveness, too, Mary. Ever since, that night,, two years -ago, when I placed the ring on your finger, I have been followed by your lace. Some strange spell seemed to have been laid upon me. I could not forget yon, though I tried to do so for a long time. At last I determined to follow yoa and try my fortune, never dreamuigbufcthaiyoawould. recognise me. I easily heard of you through. our common friends, obtained anintxodnction, to your mother, and caraejoot-andnow-" "Have you ever eeefe-tfee view, from this end of the garden, Ht W«dT' B&id; 1, think ing we had heard qtutt^eaftagh. Fancy him being Sb4| Mere* all the tame ! I must hare been Wrong ib my idea of his having a pmcnant fmMaxy. - Here is a note from ner. which haa jnst arrived: " Dearest Kether,-Com©- over, to-morrow as early as possible -1 want, to settle about the bridesmaids' dwiorj. - It is-to be next month. .-5. ; : . 1L- B. " P.S.-What Ahink of blue and cream-colour?' - < A& - "P.P.&-Iknewrt-waaAfmallthe while, although I nevw tcfld you. Trecognisedhiav voio* the secon&ttoaweiaet.;" Aftwthat,wkfrwiirtLld<belieye-in any.eon dential friend vpun?\ And ! final; bdieved ' no one faye# wuding' about it but The die affair is^ " _ Wati ahowis no ^ifttehtion of going away; althoughhe sajta -that his mission » luxx>mpli«hedL, He thinks of remaining .over next wintet -to- order to eofajJete a 1#$® irf ^Wi.wilii wir bouae m the indL But wW; can be hi* real motive tan l <m6not«ra^|tinD » co®" y0o,<3aim? "tham. ? 