HEE5IE CHRISTMAS. *'AMeny Christmas tons all,mydeara. God Wess us!' Which --all, the family re-echoed. 'God bless us every one!' said Tiny Tim, the ? last cif all.— Charles Dickens— 4 Christmas-] Carol. : I heard the bells on Christmas day Their old familiar carols play, Aud wild and sweet \- : The words repeat Of ? Peace on -earth, good will to men.' — - Longeeijgow. — Christmas Bel 'With footsteps slow, in furry pall yclad, ; His brows inwreathed with holly never sere, Old Christmas comes '-to close 'the waned ? . . year, -. ? ? ', '?' ? ? ? - - . ? ? -tBamsyujb. — Sonnet on. Christmas. \- Chbistjiab! Yes, that mystic season of ? ? festivity is again upon us ! Another year, ?with all its joys and sorrows, with all its . births and deaths, with all its wars and ?? rumors of -wars, has sunk into the quick sands *f Time, and its principal events, pregnant aB they were with! interest to uis at the time' of their occurrencey are ;now fast fading from our memories, to lapse . sooner or later into the far-away obscurity of forgetfulness. If, during- the year that has fled any of us have lost- one -who is near and dear -to us; if , in the course of that fleeting interval any have loved, and loved in vain; if , amidst the never-ceasing ?whirr of the commercial world/ fortunes ' have been impaired and prospects blighted,. Christmas-tame which has once more dawned upon us with its many happy Tecollections, pours balm upon the wounded spirit — casts sunshine on the blighted heart. Christmas! Why the very word has a magic in it, associated as it is in our minds ?with every phase of revelry and rejoicing, and suggestive of lights and evergreens, of women's smiles and -children's laughter. It is the time when the budding cordiality of a man's nature blossoms' into . flowers of good : feeling and liberality 5' when the soul of the veriest curinudgeon is warmed into, at anv rate, a passing recognition of the blessings of Divine Providence. There may he intermfogled wiih_ thet Christian popu ? lation 'of the earth' some' few persons who ' affect to sneer at Father Christmas and his festivities; perhaps there are. But these are individuals who either have never be held a happy gathering round' the festive board, or whose hearts are impervious to good and. wholesome influences. It is not difficult to conjure up some of these non believers in bur mind's eye. They are mostly /-ld bachelors, prim . as to attire, and sour-faced as to visage; ancient parties with closely 'buttoned up coats, and . stout rattan canes. They stump about the streets at Christmas time, and turn up their, old noses at the gaily decorated shops. 'The sight of , toy-laden children has.no charms for them, and they regard the holiday-attired country folk ?who throng the side vralis as a band of iflr traders upon their privacy. Poor old gentlemen! They will dine' alone on the anniversary, of the birth of their Saviour, discussing in mournful silence a cut from their landlady's joint, and' a slice from her pudding. 'r When sounds of revelry issue from the.. Mtehenby-and-bye, they will fidget in their armchairs, and mutter some thing about ' Tomfoolery.' Yet, perhaps, €.8_ the night-shades descend upon the city, L and the room grows gradually aarkerjtbey ' 'will creep out upon the landing1 -and listen - to the chorus of happy voices below, until a vague yearning comes into their hearts after the innocent pleasures they -affect to despise. On the other hand, there are millions upon millions who love Christmas, and who regard the season's festive rites as . sacred. How much pleasanter a sketch -will some of these make ! . Would you like , a few portraits drawn from life, dear, leader? Nothing easier i WJe have but to introduce another slide into the magic lantern of our thoughts, -delicately trace % -with pen. and ink the shadowy outlines of the figures, and — nousvoUa. ?? -? JSeniores _ priores^r^That x-l& gentleman seated in an elbow-chair by the openwin : \ dow,'and who appears to be eagerly listening . for approaching /footsteps, ' is a grandpapja. The room in which.he isseated is profusely decked with evergreens, artificial holly, and anistletoe. It is Christmas Eve, and he has donned his smartest garments. He is a bald old gentleman, the top of whose head is shiny, and a curly, fringe of snow-white hair encircles the sides. He has a pleasant bright-colored face, and there is a twinkle of jnerriment in his eye. By-and-by grandma comes down and joins him; and very smart . tile old lady -is in her gray silk gown and L cap- ribbons. The old couple look out of -window together, glancing occasionally at , iihe clock, and remark that Ned is late this year, and that they suppose Mary has taken ?longer than usual dressing the children. Suddenly a. sound of voices, mingled with & pattering of lilliputian feet, is heard from -without ; then grandpa's face lights up, and tie asks grandmamma-^-a little nervously perhaps-T-if /the ^parcel and. the Christmas tree are in their proper places; Hardly has' the; old lady; time to assure him they are ~ than a aringeomes at the bell, and three or ? /four small voices' are saying, *? There he is I ~ [ t see grandpa t '; Then the door is opened : ? by a trim servant who is hearditt say 'from : ihe passage, 'Good dayj Mr. Edward; . find jou, ma'am, and the dear children 5 I - -wish yojaall a- Merry Christmas!' ' TJpon . this all smile; and reply, 'Thank you, Jane,' and then there would float upon the . air a sound ^«f ihe. ''chinking' of half . «rownfl,;onlyithe:lLttte:ones are! making such ^ noise in ike passage with their boots. Ajt last, when (they all enter, there isa pretty . scene, for Jfedand jus -wife and children live 'in Ihe country,' and it is only once a year, at Christmas time, that he visits his ?father and mother.; The old lady clasps . her son to her tons, and a tear of gladness trembles in her eye, while the young another sits, at the old man's feet, and the children catch hold of him by the legs ojf -his trousers and by his coat-tails, and crovf : 'with delight.- .Suddenly grandpa7 says. 'Let us see what Father .Christmas has locked up in the cupboard;' Then he jises, and from out. of an oaken press he fetches first a Christmas tree, positively 1 creaking with miniature toys and crackers, I and such a large brown paper parcel. J Gracious! what a tough piece of string that was! But when grandpa's penknife has sawn through It quite a Golconda of treasures was exposed to view. The harse^T-rSuch brave tcharger&j; their coats a shining black, and .their bodies emblazoned with.red wafers ; thebqxes' of. bricks/the golden-haired dolls with light blue . eyes, the cup and balls, and, oh, such a host of other delightful things I Papaarid mamma only receive an envelope with a small pink . slip of paper inside; and yet they appear perfectlv content, and hug the old couple nearly as often, and quite as heartily, as the children. When all the. presents have been aifitribntea the children irun away in the garden to play, and their elders settle down to pass a quiet day ; and while the . distant voices of the little ones floating on the summer breezes, are wafted in at the open window, they recall scenes of Christmas Eves past and, gone, and per haps — who Jmows ?— offer up a prayer of thanksgiving for being once more united. . /There are people .who honor Christmas as a religious festival, and others who Ifoye it as a period! pi ^gaiety and .relaxation. , It is impossible, to deny, that although the rites of this festive, season are observed throughout the length and.breadth of Aus tralia, the climate of the antipodes isjj in the month of December, antagonistic to the observance of many of those old customs with which Christmas is usually associated. Although here in South Australia we have a lovely and picturesque country, a delicious climate, and every natural produce con ducive to the preparation of gala banquets; although our spirits are as good and our hearts as stout as those of our kinsmen sixteen thousand miles away;, yet the mere fact of winter, with its attendant frost and snow, being to us unknown, renders our vying -with those at home in the celebra tion of England's greatest festival an im posEibiHtyi There are comparatively few amongst us ,whose reminiscences do iiot' .-cpmpass a Christmas Day bnTJritish soil. - , Those, who have -walked in -the- streets of London at that season even lot an hour 'haye, beheld 'a. sight, which must live in. ' their ' recollec tion a life-time.' The magnificence [ of the shops,' the icrpwded,? conation of the thoroughfare! and' the jsplendid illumina tion of the city at night, -are eights that can never be forgotten. In all parts of of the kingdom preparations are made for the coming festival many weeks in ad vance. The poor artisan commences ; to subscribe a shilling weekly to his 'Goose Club' as early as the middle of November, and by this means assures. a Christmas dinner to his family ; while enormous sums of money aie annually subscribed about this time by the wealthy and benevolent to pro vide the inmates of the' workhouses and the destitute poor with creature comforts. And it is the same throughout the. provinces. Yet in spite of the efforts of the charitable, it is well known that more misery and more destitution exist, 'pore poor creatures; are starved to death by cold and hunger at' Christmas time in England, than at any other season of the year. A severe and protracted frost will throw large' bodies of men, such as journeymen, laborers, market1 gardeners' helps, and others out' of work. At these times the men amalgamate .together, and, dividing into small bodies! of ten and -fifteen, perambulate the suburbs* marching in the middle' of the road, and singing in a kind of monotonous chant — ; Froze out, froze bat; -: We've got no work to do ; We've come all the way from the North ' Countrle, ..????' ? And we've got no work to do. On these occasions money is freely throiirn -to the -poor fellows from the\rind6ws *-f the houses, and the Secretary of the Chari table Organization Society once astonished the public by informing them that the frozen-out hands frequently made enough by their perambulating ?'' spec' to ke£p themselves and their families in necessaries for many a long month. ? ; ? ; ;.' ; Perhaps; the industry that thrives the' most in England at Christmas is that of ; literature. 'Christmas Books,' 'Christmas Niimbers,' 'Christmas Ainuals/' *' Christ- mas Stories,' and a shoal of other publica tions under ? holiday titles appear early in December, Celebrating the great festival has always been a favorite ' employment with literary men. - As far back as the six teenth century we find Robert Herrick, the author of 'Hesperides,' singing the good cheer of -Christmas, but the subject h|is been . more seised upon - by prose writers, inasmuch as neither in. Shakspeare nor in . the works of any of the old 'dramatists are the allusions to Christmas frequent enough to attr.oct the attention of the ordinary reader. Milton, it is true, has his beautiful ode 'On the Morning of Christ's Nativity.' . The following is the introductory stanza i-i—.- This is the month, and this the happy morn,' Wherein theSon of heaven's Eternal King, Of wedded maid and virgin xabther born,1 ? Onr great redemption from uboye did bring; ' For 8p the holy sages once did siag, . ' ; That He our deadly forfeit ihoul(l release, - : 'And with his Father work us' a perpetual peace. * In the year 1832, on reference to Hone's publications, it will be seen that in the months of November and December a large Binount of space was devoted to Christmas _J* items.' .' Much, difference of opinion exists among critics of the present time regard ing the relative literary merit of present and past magazine verse. Certainly, if we are to ju^ge the fugitive pieces of the past 'century, taking the Delia Cruscan lucubra tions which eke adorned the pages of the 'Gentleman's Magazine' fox a standard, the present monthly bards have decidedly ihe best of it. Still the following copy of verses upon 'Coming Christmas, written by Edwin Lees, in 1831, possesses con jsideraHe merit :— -' ?? . VI hen cluster'd round the fire at night, Old William talks of ghost and sprite, . And, as a distant out-house gate \- Slams by the wind, they fearfal wait While some each shadowy nook explore, Then Christmas pauses at th« door. When on the barn's thatch'd roof is seen The moss in tnfte ofliVliest green ; -When Boger to the wood-pile goes, | And, as he turns, his fingers blows; ] , ?When all around is cold and drear, I Be sure that Christmas-tide is near. When Tom at eve comeB home from plough, And brings the mistletoe's green bough, ' ... With milk-white berries spotted o'er, And-shakes it the sly maids before, Then hangs tibat trophy up on high — : Be core that Christmas-tide is nigh. . When Dick comes shiv'nrig from the yard, ' And says the pond is frozen Tiwt&y1; '? ?Whilefromii8hat,all white with snow, ? ' ?The moisture; trickling, drops -.below 5 ; : i.l-.. While carols sound, the. night to cheerr . . Then Christmas and his train -reA«r-;. . Later again, theill-starredgenius, Clare, celebratedChristmas in verse; ? The heart Tending story of this poor -poefs life bestows an additional interest upon all that' emanated from -his fertile brain. Poor Clare! Can any: one who has read this biography forget ftts ^xperience of Christ-'; masi ifflow, years ; after,- when he had; ^etabliehed his right to a conspicuous place in the ^iank t)f contemporary^ bards,i he^ and Ms family were Utej^y:^tamng in his hiit near Bolton. ..-1 .... ? j It was ai marshy country, and the poe'tr^ afflicted with low* fever, sould hardly drag his aching, limbs along ^ yet the day before i .Christmas Eve he repaired to tiie swampy ' fields to earn, by a few days labor-^ 1 common mechaiical toil- that any clod could compass— ^sufficient io. provide his :. littie ones with, bare bread to -keep -life and soul together,. Weread how, languid a|nd fainting, he had grasped his hoe- prepara tory 1:6 commencing his task, when a mfes* senger from a great lord who lived in the neighborhood arrived on the scene, aind informed the poet that money and good cheer had been sent to his cottage, and that he was to return to his home and comfort his little ones. Then he joyfully retraced - his steps, but before he had proceeded far his wife and children met Mm, brimming over, poor things,' with :? joy at the nef78, they had to impart, and they led the poor, - starving poet home to xest his weary body, in ^comfort. That -layj it is said, he composed these two Jtanzas? — ': ? ? ? j o: Glad Christmas comes, and every hearth \ J Makes room- to give him welcome nowj. E'en Want williiry if 6 tears in mirth, ' '' ?: ; And.crown;himcwiliiaiiollyil)ongh; j ??? ? Though tramping 'neaih a ,.w|ntry. sky, . : . ' O'er snowy paths and rjsing stiles, : '? The housewtfe setsiter spinning by, To bid him welcome with her smiles. Each house is swept ihe day before, ;. ?\ And windows stuck with .evergreens, ; ... The snow is besom'd from the door, ' And comfort crowns the cottage scenes. Bright hollyi with its thorny pricks, ; ? ? And yew and box,: with berries small, I; These deck the unused candlesticks .-. And pictures hanging on the wall. These verses seem to bea^ evidence. of a: serene mind, a tranquil spirit ; yet, sad to relate, he who sang so softly, so' sweetly, ended his days in a lunatic asylum. ? About this time a young newspaper reporter was commencing- to attract atten tion by the humor of his writings in the j Morni-ng Chronicle. This was Charles Dickens, who: subsequently bloomed into the veryknig of Christmas writers. In his 'Christmas Tales,' parts of f'Pickwick'% and 'Martin Chuzzlewit,' the portions, relating;, to the festive, season .positively/ breathe a spirit of -inspiration, so vivid are. the descriptions^ hearty the tone, and. good-} humored the dialogues'. And then for pathos! Ah ! who possessed since writing began, the art of probing the very soul; of ?: the reader as he mit , Yet he £3 gone! That great mind has glided from amongst us, leaving a gap in the field of literature which perhaps will never be filled up. The house at Gad's ; Hill has passed into the; hands of his son, but there by the writing-, table,, remains yeaT after year the vacant chair ; and untouched, except at intervals by loving hands, are the books he loved so well, and the manuscripts, blotted and; scored, which introduced to flie world Torn Pinch, and Micawbpr,. and; Agnes, and; Little Dorrit, , These are amongst his greatest conceptions ; , but do not for- ; 'get Scrooge, miBerly old Scrooge, and- 'Bob t^tchit,and Tmy Tun. The opening pjtragraphs of- the 'Christmas Carol' ara inimitable. It was a.favbrite reading of the author's, and it seems but. yesterday: since he was standing at.tbe table on the stage of St. James' Hall, London, just pre-; paring to commence. r He would- look around with a jovial smile at his immense, audience before beginning, a. smile so full of ionhomie that it won the hearts of all._ And what an audience ! The creme de la crime of the English aristocracy, men and women of literary and artistic fame, the. flower of London wealth and commerce; all these -packed together, and yet over flowing into the orchestra, on to the steps, aye, to the very stage itself, where scores of ladies and gentlemen were seated round about the reader. Before he actually com- ?? meneed a buzz of welcome floated throtigh' the hall, but the. moment the tones of his voice were *heard,; a silence, complete and ; absolute, reigned in the auditorium. How those clear tones use to ring out through the stillness until a burst of laughter Ten- - dered them inaudible. We can hear him even now, rendering in his remarkable* manner the opening (slightly abridged for reading) of his ' Christmas Carol/1 It1 ran: — 'Marley was dead. 'Yesythbrewas not the slightest doubt about tHat. ?'? Marley was as dead as a door-nail.'* His voice,' added to its clearness, possessed a wondrous ' flexibility ; it was so stern, so gentle, so Jovial, so pathetic by turns. His greatest effect was f wont to be made in his description of Bob' Cratchit's Christmas dinner, to which Scrooge is led by the Ghost of Ghristm4s Present. The w dishing-up' scenej'inimit able in its truth, its delicacy of touch, its pathos, is as follows:-1- - 'Such a bustle ensued that you might' have thought a goose the rarest of all birds, a feathered phenomenon, to which a black swan was a matter of course— and in truth it was something very like it-^-in the hous9. Mrs. Cratchit made the gravy (ready before hand in a little saucepan) hissing hot; Master Peter mashed the potatoes with in credible vigor; Miss Belinda sweetened up the apple-Sauce ; Martha dusted the hot plates; Bob took Tiny Tim beside him in a tiny. corner, at the table; the two young Cratchits set chairs for everybody, not for getting themselves, and mounting guard upon their posts, crammed spoons into their months lest they should i shriek, for goo3e before their turn came to be helped, i At last the dishes were set on,: and the e^ace said. It. .was j succeeded by a breathless pause, as Mrs. Cratchit, looking, slowly all along the carving-knife, prepared to plunge . it in thftibreast; but ; when she did, and ' when . the long-.expected gush, of stuffing issued; forth f. one murmur of delight -arose all round the board, and even Tiny Tim, excited by the two young Cratchits, beat on the table with the handle of hiskbife, and feebly criedf hurrah 1' --. '? f* There never rwas such ajjoose. Bob said he,. didn't believe :there -ever was such a goose cooked; Its: tenderness and flavor, size and cheapness,' were the themes bf universal .admiration.- i .Eked out by apple sauce and. mashed potatoes^ it was a suffi cient .dinneTJ for the ivrholeiamily; ind6ed-. - as Mrs.^.Cratchit said with- great delight : (surreying .one small ^atom; of a bone upon the dish); they hadn't ate i it all: at last! Y«t everyone.: had had- enough,^ and !ther youBgestOratcMis in particular were steeped in sage .and onion to: the eyebrows. But now jthe plates : being, changed by Miss Belinda, Mrs. Cratchit ,left : the room alone —T-tooneiTOus to; bear witnesses— to dike the, pudding up and bring itiin. : ? . 'Supposeit should not be done enough^ suppose- it should break in turning out; suppose somebody should Have got over the: wall of the back yard and stolen it, while they were merry with the goose- — a sup position at, which the two. young Cratchits became livid. - All sorts of horrors w&re; supposed. 'Hallo! A great deal of steam; the pudding was out of, the copper ; a smell like a washing-day — that was the cloth. ; A smell like an eatinghouse and pastry^ cook's next door to each other, withj a laundress's next door to that. That was; thepudding! Inhalf ammute Mrs. Cr^,t-- chit entered, flushed, but sidling proudly, with the pudding like a speckled cannon I ball, so hard and, firm, blazing in halfj-a-j quartern of ignited brandy, and;bedight J with Christmas holly ,*tuck into' the. top.! '-?'?? 'Qh, a wonderful pudding! Bob Cratchit said, and calmiy; too, that he regarded it: as '- the greatest success ?achieved by Mrs. Crat Tcb.it since their marriage; Mrs. Cratcpit said that now the weight was off her mjnd she would confess ^he had had her doubts1 about the quantity of flour. Everybody had something to say about it, but nobody said jot thought it was at all a small pudding tor ' a large family. It would have been flat heresy to do so. Any Cratchit would have ; blushed to hint at such a thing.' ' \ How true a picture this is of many a poor clerk's Christmas dinner only those who have resided in the 'great -citjr can know. Many who have, passed a _.part of their lives in Engiand are fond of recalling. to their minds the aspect of London at this seasjon. , We. have known Christmas eyea when the 'fog had descended upon the labyrinth- of ^streets like a veil, gradually thickening, so that people 'ran about with flaring links, proffering their services to go before horses ^and 'carriages and conduct them on their ?way'; and the:'gajs-!amps buried dimly, like : long vistas of seiii-pbscured stajrs ; and £he steeples'of the chujches, being 'invisible in the gloom, their deep^toned'bells struck the hours and 'Quarters' in the clouds with a deadened sound, as though their throats were hoarse and their tongues frozen with the cold. But. the most picturesque Christmas Eye is when the snow is falling. ? It is curidus at that time, to mark the effect from the commencement to the conclusion of the snow-fall. At first, when tiie 'white queen'* begins to shower down her ' feathers, the dull roar of the city 'traffic echoes through every street and the snow flakes flutter down, melting in the busy streets/ but settling upon the roofs and walls of buildings in a ghostly manner, coruscating and glittering with myriad sparkles. Gradualiy, laager and larger grow the ' flakes, until after a few hours a .silence reigns' in the busy streets, and the thunder of -Wheels is heard no more.7' Then, if it freeze hard that evening, ; London is in her brightest garb. The brightness of ihe shops, where holly spngs and berries craclde in the lamp heat of\tbe windows, making pale faces Tuddyas they pass; Perhaps in some street a drain is being repaired, in which case the workmen light a gigantic brazier full of blazing coal, in order that they may finish up that night, earning an extra wage for Christmas. Round the fire a crowd of men and boys Tvill congregate, warming their hands, and generally enjoying the com fortable warmth of the blaze,'ana marking the reflection 'of the flames upon the gleaming snow that is everywhere upon the. road, pathway, and housetop. Then the;: churches. . A soft light from within reveals loving hands putting the.; finishing touches to the decorations. The whole ; interior of the buildings is one mass of artistically arranged shrubs and evergreens, quotations from the Scriptures being elaborately de signed in holly berries, oak-leaves, and ivy, special care being bestowed upon .the altar and its surroundings. : Mottoes such- as — '? .-. Umto vsiJL. Cheld-is Boen; rarci us a Son' 'is Grrasir, .:'.: ?;?.?'? and—.-;' -. r. : .?'-?:?? ?? ????? . CrtpBY to God. in the Highest, are inscribed highabove the communion table, while :' ? Peace on Eabth, (Jood Wnx.*ro Mbn, , *nd other extracts from Holy Writ, adorn the 1 galleries and rafters. Often houseless, wanderers are to be seen gazing through the. windows, and eagerly listening to the voices of the choir, as they practice the hymn— .....-?? ? ? . ? ?yjTiile shepherds watch'd their flocks by night, All seated on the ground, The angel of the Lord came' down, And glory shone around. We must not forget tiie' [Waits'' either, with their weU-inowh Christmas carols, and theii; ? God hless.yoti, merry gentlemen, May nothing you dismay. ( . __often chanted to the discordant accompani ment of a bassoon, a concertina, and a * triangle. Yet the efforts of these itinerant minstrels-rarely invoke derMon atChrisi mas time, and even , the veriest wandering earthquake is sure, of a liberal donation of sixpences; and many a steaming beaker of whisky punch. On Christmas Eve every house throughout the .vast 'city, from the palace of the Queen to the hovel of the cobbler, is ciothed in Christmas garb. The royal ''setv&nts;' are feasted and presented with, gifts^and.Uttle Princes and Princesses aretaceated-to a glimpse of aBrobdignagian puddmgj bobbing about ina huge reservoir filled with a; catarapt of boiling, bubbling water. In the. Mansion -House the Lord Mayor has given orders to his fifty cooks and butlers to keep Christmas as a Lord Mayor should, arid even the little tailor whom he has bnly: the day before fined five , shillings for ultra-festivity Btirs up to morrow's pudding in his garret, while his wife'and -baby are bargaming with the . butcher for the beef, and wraingling with, the- costetmongfer over the 'greens and taturs.^1 During5 Christmas week even the patrician -and -wealthy classes, ythb affect at times* to scorn the good old English fare,, and almost exclusively confine themselves to gastronomic inventions of foreign ch&fs;, allow these more, elaborate /delicacies to be superseded for a season by the: simpler . products of 'old English cookery, roast tieef and; plum puddingy turkeys and chines, iams and fowls, capons and sausages, ^saddles and' haunches of mutton; with a profusion of custards and tarts, and among them that characteristic luxury-^-the mince pie. . : It is curious to look into old tomes, and read of the favorite- Christmas dishes and drinks affected by- our ancestors. In a popular account of the manners of an old country squire, he is represented stirring his tankard with a sprig of rosemary. This grateful plant seems to have been a favorite : ingredient for festive libations in the olden time. In Philip Maseinger's ingenious play ;of **The Gi1y Madam,' one of the characters says— ?? ??=?- -: ???'? ?. ? ??':: : -' ; ??- ??? Before we divide ? \ . . Our army, letus dip our roBemaries' ,; In one rich bowl of jsack,*o this brave girl Andto this gentleman., ' By the unchecked zest of put forefathers (worthy souli3, pekce be to their manes!) it was usual to place ion the table at. Christmas entertainments the 'Apple Florentine,' a palatable confection of which the whoh* of the guests invariably partook. According to parental tradition, this *? Florentine' I consisted1 of a large dish of silver or pewter, filled with 'good baking apples,' sugar, and lemon, to the very brim; with a toll [ of rich paste as a covering. When baked, and before serving up, the upper, crust or. .'.lid' was taken off by ;;an exDerienced and skilful hand, possibly la main tPiine-b'eUe owmriere, and divided into convenient triangular portions or shares; to be again returned into the dish, ranged in formal ' order round' by way of garnish, when, to complete the mess, a full quart of well spiced ale was poured in quite hot, 'hissing hot; think of that, Master Brook' — admirable conjunction J as many of the ' olde, olde, very bide' sojournersat Potton can testify. We have read of an oval shaped pewter dish standing on the upper shelf of a Cumberland kitchen dresser 'for ornament, not use,' then pointed ,at and ? highly valued as having had the honor '(!) of - containing 'Apple Florentine' at mo fewer than thirty festivals. But succeed ing years ''.saw the wonted place of this ' dainty'7 supplied by something more fashionable, and various changes and alte rations (not for better, but for worse) came at last and 'Smoked on the Christmas board.' Its contemporary, 'Snapdragon,' is still in vogue as a ' merry pastime' to ' drive dull care away'' on a winter'sevenirig ; but, alas, for the days of chivalry and 'Apple Florentine,' the appearance of the burning spirit and raisins at Christmas gatherings is now.rather the eiceptibn^ffiai. th# rule. The^wassailbawJ, tbOjthetitiie^honpredw^ sail, -has Jwe!i-nigh, if not quite, sunk into obHvion. Yet when Dickens wrote his 'Pickwick?' and describes so vividly the rich, bubbling; sound of the apples in the brown liquor, that Christmas bowl must have been fresh in his remembrance. Longfellow, too, in his ' Norman Baron' has mention of this luscious bowl. He sings: — I In the Hall the serf and vassal Held that night their Christmas wassail ; ? ? Many a carol, old aad saintly, : Sang the minstrels and the waits. And so loud these Saxon gleemen ' Sang to slaves the songs of freemen, That the storm was heard but faintly, Knocking at the Castle gates.' This picture suggests thoughts of Christ mas in the olden iime; long before circum navigation was dreamed of. It is pleasant at this season, after a mental diet on ancient lore, to let loose the gates of thought, and allow long trains of mail-clad cavaliers to pass in review before us, and beautiful panoramas of snow-clad ladscapes to gradually unfold their picturesque splen dors in our imaginations. Traditions of bow Christmas was kept very far back, indeed ; toJ days, in fact, before eyer Caxton thought of publishing ' Ye Playe of Chesse'* in grotesque long primer of his own manufacture. In those lawless times which preceded the accession to the English throne of James I., the moss-troopers— disbanded soldiers from the English and Scottish armies, who had en rolled themselves under a leader of their own choosing— kept their Christmas with almost religious observance. We can imagine a band of these worthies mustered on Christmas Eve in one of their fastnesses among the Cheviot Hills. It is even-time, and not far distant from the mouth of their cavern glows in a cavity in the rocks their camp fire. Two swarthy cooks are busily roasting on a revolving spit a huge sirloin, together with half-a-dozen fatted xapons; and at a little distance from the fire, lean ing upon his bell-mouthed petronel, is the sentry, his hand raised above his eyes. vainly endeavoring to pierce with his gaze, the evening mist which is floating in clouds from the east— a tall, stalwart fellow, withj a wreath of holly twined round lus oat teied steel hekaet, and a sprig of mistletoe sticking in the buckle of bis breastplate. He is deep in thought, thinking perhaps of his home in the middle counties, and won dering how they are Jreeping .Christmas that are so fax away from. him. ^^Kfnthe moon rises, dispelling cloud; by cloud the mist, and bathing hills,;valleys, anddistant landscape tn a flood 01 motten'sUyer. Her light reveals large numbers . 6i j, cattle browsing around, some of which; rSellow loudly and' toss their heads as though^ with astonishment at finding themselves, ^such a strange country. By- and^y tii?n viands aje taken, off the spit, put into', 'wooden trerichers,and borne '' hissin^hot ' into the caveiri. On tite appearance, of the. good cheer a loud shout of satisfaction emanates from the invisible supperparty, on which the sentry gazes discontentedly about, and in a few minutes betakes himself to the camp fire, by whose light he studies an hour glass with an appearance, of great interest. Then he' smiles, and after warming himself '3?y the fire returns to his post, for he knows another short quarter will end his watch for the night. Suddenly a sound as of the clink of goblets falls.upon his ear, which is succeeded by a good round sturdy Jvoice singing— Kll the goblets with Canary, 'Wine that sparkles bright and clear ; Fillj l.and let no man .'be l chary, Is not merrie Christmas here ? . Fill and let your cups run. over; Drink the lassies, ye hold dear ; Glad's the heart of ev'ry rover; Merrie ChriBtmas now is here ! Hold on high your cups overflowing ; Drink to~the forthcoming year, And toast the one that fast is going, : Is not merrie Christmas here ? Then, as the last echoes of the song dies away with many reverberations amongst the wooded mountains, a sturdy form is seen to issue from' the cavern, and the tired sentinel pricks up his ears, and mechani cally loosens by a couple of holes his sword belt, as he hears his mailed condrade clanking towards : him. Once relieved, ho in his turn joins the festive throng, and takes part in the merry-making until the silver grey of morning, floating in upon the revellers, warns all that another Christmas Day has dawned upon the world. Let us now take. a century later. The scene is a castle on the banks of the Tweed, and the time Christmas Day. The great hall is gaily bedight with holly; and a gigantic bough of mistletoe, hanging from a chain in the centre rafter, caught by the draught, swings slowly to and fro. Jreesli rushes strew the stone floor, and heavy silver candlesticks are placed in all the sconces. Up the enormous chimney Toars the fire from a pile of well* dried logs, the flame being reflected pleasantly upon the well -burnished 'dogs,' upon which the blazing logs are resting. The face of the huge oak table has been scrubbed to do honor to the day's festivity until it shines like my lady's burnished silver mirror. The board groans beneath a load of silver vessels, wooden trenchers, and cups hoofed with precious metal. On this hospitable day there is no distinguishing sign at the board to mark the respective places of squire and baron; but at the lower end, by the mullioned windows, the poorer, tenants and certain, petty officers of the household are seated well in view, and in the hearing of their lord. Grace is said by the grey-headed, chaplain, and on the conclusion a dozen blue- coated serving-men enter, each bearing on high a Christmas dish/ First came the ' lusty' brawn, a rich jelly, concealed in whose shaking recesses many a red: ox tongue lies. The appearance of the next plat calls forth a hoarse murmur of applause from the vassals, for it is the boar's head, the tusks of which are adorned with hoops' of silver, and the crest ornamented with ba^s and sprigs of rosemary. This dish is^ appropriately borne by the green-coated ranger at whose hands the monster fell, and who, once every year, at Christmas, performs the same ceremony. Then comes the huge sirloin, steaming in a rich bath of delicious gravy. This is followed by turkeys, geese, and capons, and finally by 'plum porridge' and Christmas pie; all these viands being flanked by tankards of nut-brown ale, and The wassail round in good brown bowls, Garnished with ribbons, blithely trowls. Then what a rattling of trenchers ensues. Mighty dices of undercut are carved from the gigantic joint, a large amount of cheek is taken out of the boar, and like snow before sunshine melt the r viands down the capacious throats of the guests. The ' more solid part of the ban quet being dispatched-' (as they say in the daily papers) sounds of music and of. laughter are heard from without, and soon the masquers, a dozen in number, are ushered in by the master of the revels. No gorgeousness of costume is apparent in .their costumes travesties, but they gambol about and sing their carols blithesomely, and if their song was unrefined and unmelodious it was nevertheless a hearty note, and if white shirts supplied the masquerade, and the visors were improvised -by burnt cork upon the players' visages, they were good humored in their little fable, and thus com manded the goodwill of the audience. True, a little more attention to the unities of costume would have rendered the mas querade more attractive from an artistic point of view, but O '. what masquers richly dight . ? Can boast of bosoms half so light ! England was Merry England when Old Christinas brought his sports again. Twas Christmas broached the mightiest ale ; Twas Christmas told the merriest tale ; A Christmas gambol oft .could cheer . The poor man's heart through half the year. Such was Christmas in the olden time. Now a days we should scoff at such homely entertainment. Even the rising genera tions of the present day will accept in the way of modern ' mummers ' nothing less than a gorgeous pantomime, all. Dutch metal, gold-leaf, spangles, arid blue fire, and- 'in the land we live in' even the cleverest of London '- openings' will not find . favor with the audience unless the libretto be abundantly peppered with local Mts, and freely interspersed with, songs of a.' topical' degcnjrtidn- r '- Talking of-Chrifitoiaa paritoniimes, one of the pret'tfesfcsighta which London affords is a morning ^performance of- the dramatic feiry/talev s|*-v either ^bwn^Crarden ^ Drury Lane Theatre. Th^ aspect of the dress circle, with its crowHil6T elegantly ? ^ttired-driidren^ifi'* tableau ^uite-iiniq^e 5n its picturesqueness. The private boxes, In which 'ifuncbss' of human flowera ^are '' ''blooming ; the upper circles, and 1even'^ne ' pit and gallery^ fa- which the fiuhible eiti zeris have, fepngnt tne f'yonng.uns,1*' -re positively . alive with; ?Juveniles;. To ithe adult spectator these 'little Ones We ithe ; leal fairies. .During 'tKe!;TipraveUingj of the. plot; ?? the 'dear- old^f4niil!at.:J story' with iwhich they :-.are i so^weU/acqitiaintea:, deep siid concentrated interest is stamped upon .their sweet : iaS&ta.;' V.They ? know aft about the Babes . iir 'the Wood and Jack the Giaritkiller, bless 'you, far better. than the author, with' 'all his quips fend ; cranks, and they, regard the performance with, a critical eye, and during the extrava ganza their 'demeanor is usually self possessed ; ripples of silvery laughter land occasional shrill ejaculations, such, as*' Oh, . ma, what a ugly giant 2' and 'Oh, Janey, look at his big mouth !' being heard atjove the Toice8 of the performers. It; is not until the transformation scene, when the clown and pantaloon with their attendant train arrive, that the little ones lose their presence of mind. But when the clown grins from ear to ear, and shouts out the side-splitting query — ' How safe you all the day after to-morrow.' Suet a crowing of little voices; such a waving of little hands ensues as must be seen to be believed. But when later on the unscrupu lous clown feloniously, and with malice aforethought, enters a butcher's shop, and abstracts therefrom a quarter of ja mile or so of sausages, and pantaloon receives the property (well knowing ; it ito have been stolen) through the open window, what peals of laughter vecho through the theatre.; ;and then,; as jthe harlequinade proceeds, the policeman arrives (poor long suffering policeman !) to arrest the male factors, and is slapped in the: eye with the sausages, bored through -and through with' the Ted-hot poker, tripped up, rolled upon, floured with a gigantic, dredger, the juveniles absolutely, rise at the' performers, land then sink back breathless into ike liaps : of their attendantparents. Dearlittle things! : they are in paradise,' anoVit* is 'only e»n the fall of the ominous green curtain tkaj; they awake to reality j but ifce.' eyei*t£, pE ' that night of innocent plefeure'fofm';|fchejta^ic of their discourse in the mansion and the ' garret for many long* days after. All these' are associations of Ohristinfts ; and the theiiie might be prolonged jin . ; definitely, it has such a'cHarm.in jits variety. Not only in England and Aus tralasia; Mt on the Corii^e'rit of Europe, and in America, the seasoii is observed' with festal rites, differing, ii may be, as to cjuis- ? toms, but all tending to do lipnpr to the season. In Paris, for Instance, days^before - le jour de ttoel,th.Q Boulevards, jErom the Madeleine to'the Bastile.Colunin,.are Jined with booths, which are gaily decorated with flags and streamers, ' and a brisk trade . Is done by the tenants of the barajuss (as they are called), in Christmas pres?nts a'nd New Year's ,-Gif la. Then there are files . or fairs given in the suburbs, at which the enquiring traveller can ' walk'up ' and see the emotional British Drama of a. Shaek Shennar'' .performed in : the Theatre ties . Families, arid where for five sous he can contemplate the world-rfenbvrned ? feimne. it harbe, or bearded woman,; Qh, yes ! Palis lias a very respectable, mode of ^keeping Christmas week, and W-el and the/oif/jde Tear in the French capital have furnished material for' many an article to the weary - manufacturer 'of copy. ,\\.3tn:: -other, parts of France, Burgundy for i^fcince; Christ- ? mas is kept in a quieter /anot inora homely fashion. h, litfle ..^work.^was. published in ''. 1842 in tatis,. .enfitled ' *fl-es Noel8': . Bourgiggnons,'- / liy' M.' Fertiault, which gives -; an interesting ? account of the ceremoniesof a Bargundian Christmas. 'We learn that every. year; at the approach of Advent people refresh their memories, clear their throats, nand begin preluding in the long evenings by the' fipe side those', carols . whose Invariable } ajnd eternal theme, is the^ coming of y the Messiah. They take from old closets pam phlets, little collections begrimed with.dust and smoke, to which, the press, and some- :'- . . times the pen, have consigned these songs;' and as soon as the .fi^tjSundayydf.Adyent ' sounds, they gossip, they gad^r/iTbpu^ they sit' together by the fireside, sometimes at one house, sometimes at another, taking turns in paying for the ehesnuts.and^white wine, but singing with one - -^ommpnVpice the customary praises of the ' Little, Jesus/' There are very few villages' which, during : all the evenings of Advent do not Jieaf some of these virtuous canticles'shodted an their streets to the nasal drone of- bagpipes. In this case the minstrel comes as a'rein forcement to - the singers at the fire side ; lie brings and adds his contribu tion (spontaneous or mercenary, it matters little which) to the 'joy which breathes around the hearthstone; and when the voices vibrate and resound, one voice more is always welcome. There it is not the purity of the notes which makes the con -cert, hilt the quantity — noh quaUtas sed ?qtwnlitas; then (to finish pt once with the minstrel)^ when the Saviour has at length i-een'bom in the manger, and the beautiful. Christmas Eve is passed, the rustic piper makes his round- .among the houses, where ?everyone compliments and thanks him, and, morever, gives him in small coin the price; of the shrill notes with which he lhas enlivened the evening entertainments.' - .. More or less, until Christmas ^Eve, ? ajll goes oh in this ,way, aqiong: the d0^^' singers, with the difference. of aome. gal lons of wine or some hundreds of chespu^s. But this famous eve. once come^ the scale is pitched upon a higher ;,keyi the, closing evening must 'be a'meniprabTe ; 'one. ': Tiie toilet is begun at nigutf all 5 jtken comes tlie hour of supper, .adiaonisaing divers;app6- tites ; and groups, as numerous as possible, are formed to ; take this 'fcPmfprfcabie evening repast. The ' supper finished, a circle, gathers around the iheaTth^whiqn ' is arranged and Bet in -order r -this - evening, after a particular fashion/ anal which at a later hour of the - night is: €0 ?. become the' object of .special interest totlie children. . On the burning brands : aii ? enormous: log. has been placed.: -This log is called the Suche (the Yiile-log). - 'Loop you.' say they to the chiidreni -£if you are good this evening Noel will :c rain ixlovm a ugar-ylums in the Bight.' And the children 1 sit demurely, keeping as quiet as their turbulent little natures will permit. The '' groups of ^Ider persons, not^lways as orderly^- ^s i^e'wch^difin^^a^l fhis( g-*od;? \merryneart|-^ndybpfiste6-M. voices to tha cliantecT^worsnip^ of ^€he m&acutous; r?beD* For thtt final solemnity they have kept the ,mos$^o#i^^he^p#^!hjism^ most electrifying carols. One of the Christmas chants is in the ^^t»h^t-T^iiHi-pBcmTaTly'-pleasmg;'- -The- following translation follows Mi Fertiault's text astilosely as possible ?:-=—.? ?'.,?'.?-.: 1 \ - 1 ' I heat along %he crowded street, -??? : :, ! Amidst the massing throngs, .. . The wandering jninstrels plav so sweefc ; ?:..- ; Qn their hautboys, Christmas songs. -??? I^tns, by ihe crackling pine-wood 'fire, , , , Sing them till the hight^expue. \ On each December .day does ring \ So blythesomely the chimes, ' ? . , And loud the sweet-voiced gleemen sing ? '.. . . In %he streets their merry rhymes. ; I«t us, by the crackling pine-wood fire, Sing -them till the night expire. : Hie watching shepherds on the plains, . ' When the sweet babe was born, ? \- Their voices lifted 'up in strains ??. ? . ? ; Of Christmas until morn. : Iiet us, by. the crackling pine-wood fire, i ? v Sing them till the night expire. j We isan imagine the stout Burgundiana trolling- this lay, their voices ringing through the crisp frosty air. Weeanjaee the old streets with their, gabled houjses, sBow-chid with a garment of virgin purity ; and the- peasants,, bearing lanterns, dotted about in th^ wiptryiandscape. ; ;;;L - : I * . ..* ?'? * ' .-?;* ? ? *-, ..'? ?.?...* j Then we have but to lay down the pejna moment and gaze without, and we see the smilinffcityin which we: live, and the bid familiar faces passing to: and fro in the ; streets. W« ' look ?? towards the ranges land behold the; sun ' jdartingi his ; golden arrows amongst: the fouage, lighting up the scene -with a thousand prismatic colors. . Above, :; the. sky; ia cloudless, and. far away as. the eye cas reach are signs of wealth and prosperity. Peace, sojul comfortang peace, seems wafted upon every . summer breeze over the land, and- pur Christmas promises to be a festival of re creation to the rich,'of plenty tothe pobr. Perhaps ere another/ Christmaa will have ' come round, voices weihave . been aecjis tomed to hear and obey will be silent, and gaps, never to be filled up, will be left, in .many domestic'- circles.;;. Perchance,; tbj, names that -are.tipw household words in the country, will, a year hence, be pronounced: , in low and whispered tones of sorrow, ajid. ? the flowers on -the graves of the once great ; and powerful will be amongst the touehmg;... tokens of thelovfe they- b.ave--left behmd^ them on earth. Yet. at a .time .when all) is gay and llnliiahjt;,. with life : a;n?i . Jigtt, ,when the sparkle, of enjoyment isin all eyes,. a\id. a jovial ring in .ati voices, few., think- of . : coming eVents, which have not yet cast Ihisir shadows before. And who can blame men . for shutting out all'glppmy thoughts and. forebodings, at' Christmas time ? Not we- in sooth. Let : happiness be :the orderj of the day in this season of Christmas chimes -and Christmas clieer, and let the motto! of all be the touching; phrase borrowed frpm Tiny'Tim-4- - V' ' i 'God BiiBSS tts Every Qjte!' j 