TOWN CHAT. BY YOUR CHATTERER. Here stop, and spend a social hour In harmless mirth and fun ; Let friendship reign, be just and kind, And evil speak of none ! ADELAIDE, July 11. Somewhere or another lately I noticed a newspaper correspondent asserting that could he have his choice of the two extremes in letter-writing life—that of having too much and that of having too little to say— he would take the latter. Now, not being gifted by nature with the faculty of making something out of nothing, I am constrained to say that I much prefer the former. Tliis latter extreme of too little to say seems to have been the order for many weeks past, and if possible this week it seems to be worse than ever. Nothing whatever happening. What, suggests some one, begin at Monday and go through the events of each separate day. Were I to do so, I'm afraid all I could say would be very nearly akin to the first and only entries in that remarkable diary, of which the inimitable Mark Twain speaks in his " New Pilgrim's Progress."—Monday —Got np, washed, went to bed ; Tuesday— Got up, washed, went to bed; Wednesday— Got np, washed, went to bed ; Thursday— Got up, washed, went to bed; Friday—Got up, washed, went to bed; Saturday—Got up, washed went to Fireside Chat. However, accepting the inevitable of nothing startling occurring, I must try my hand at news-manufacturing, earnestly hoping that something worth chatting about will transpire before Saturday again draws round. At last the doom of our irrepressible, our original, oar entertaining, though perhaps not wholly instructive, Samuel of the City Council had been sealed. At the last meeting of that worthy body a new code of standing-orders for the proper conducting of their business was agreed to by the majority of the Councillors present, and will come into force after lying on the table for the usual fortnight. In times past it has ever been refreshing to turn from the dry matter-of-fact business to read of our Sammy's voice being raised in strong protestation against what he considers infringments of the citizens' rights. But never more. For the last time he has raised his musical voice in angry indignation ; for the last time he has done that which he conscientiously believes to be his imperative duty, but which his fellow-Councillors are so utterly witless as to designate needless obstruction and hindrance of business. Heyday ! One of those quiet unassuming, peace-at-any-price people, the Quakers, who is connected with the Council of Education, has been praying of that body that he might be excused, on account of his principles, from attending the Saturday morning military drill classes, which are to be established in connection with the Public School. What must this thorough chip of a good old block think of our galient volunteers, what of the universal war which is still hovering over Europe, and what of the fact that any morning he may wake up to find himself, all that is near and dear to him, at the mercy of some Russian soldier. Should the latter happen, what will he do At that critical moment will his convictions still have so strong a hold upon him that he will put on his usual calm, solemn expression of countenance; let the ruffian smite him first on the one cheek and then on the other; and bid him do as he pleaseth thee ? A young collegian reading of his request, irunediately asked me:—"This kind man wonldn't spank us boys ; guess he don't his." Yes, thrice happy youngsters must those be who are under his care. Guess myself, with the young collegian, that I should like to have had my first introduction on the hard but never- ceasing path of learning under such kindly auspices. On Tuesday night last as I sat before the blazing fire in my own little den, just as the midnight chimes from th« Post-Office clock were being gently wafted over North Adelaide, with my pipe of many winters and my favorite glass of toddy by my side, enjoying an houra quiet before retiring to rest, I was suddenly startled by a sound, the most fearful and terrible I have ever heard. A noise it was, such as could not possibly have proceeded from the lungs of a human being, neither could it have emanated from the fiercest of wild beasts All words of mine will utterly fail to give the faintest idea or conception of it. To me it seemed as though ten thousand cats had assembled to play their favorite airs, or that all the steamengines in Adelaide had come to the one spot to let off steam at the same time. Such a noise was it that it filled me, thrilled me with fantastic terrors never felt before— terrors such as struck into the heart of Guy de Vere at the mysterious rapping of the raven. Presently my soul grew stronger, hesitating then no longer, I seized my hat, and rushed to the street door. Darkness there and nothing more, save the echo of the most hideous sound that ever fell on human ears. Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortals ever dared to dream before; but the silence was unbroken and the stillnes gave no token. No, nothing save that most awful roar. Out I rushed into the street, there to see my next door neighbor Robinson and his family in deshabille held in a like terror as myself. Muffled whispers passed between us. " What can it be ?" each asked of the other in bated breath. But louder, still louder, did the awful noise grow on the midnight air. Both Robinson and I said to ourselves, " Let my heart be still a moment, and this mystery—this mystery—explore, and then we sallied forth. We reach the main street, from which the unearthly noise seems to come; and there we see approaching ns— steadily approaching us—a monster, with two glaring eyes fixed steadfastly upon us. On in the darkness it came, snorting, puffing, and crushing the metal of the road beneath it. It has Teached us ; oh, it has. "What are you gaping at? Get out of the way," demands a voice, which though it has a sepulchral ring about it still most be human. " Ah ! ah ! ah !" laughed the same fiendish voiee, " frightened, eh ? well, hurry up gents! I'm neither a ghost nor a hobgoblin, but only the driver of the Corporation's latest pet. Hurry np, gents. Time's precious." Then the thought suddenly flashed across my mind that I had seen some advertisement in the morning's paper about the steam-road- roller, which in my utter indifference I had scorned to read. We both retire, feeling—well, rather small! There is a certain lady in Adelaide, wellknown to the public as one of the moving spirits of almost all the societies and undertakings for the improvement and advancement of her sex,—to wit, the Cookery and Sewing Classes and such like. Though undoubtedly on this account her name deserves to be handed down to posterity, yet it would not do to let pass without comment some of her sayings at these meetings about you, my country friends, who have not the same privilege as she enjoys—that of living in fashionable Adelaide, Her idea, judging from what she says, of country life must indeed be of a very hazy kind. She thinks and says that you live in rude slab huts—in some cases in the hollows of trees ; that your palate is never delighted with anything but damper; that you, my fair and gentle maidens, are compelled to take your turn at the plough ; and that your homes, your dress, and your manners are as uncouth as yourselves. It is really too bad of me, I admit, to cut her up so roughly ; but there is just one delicate little morceair I cant resist repeating. At a late Cookery Class the lesson was on the best method of preparing a bullock's heart. As she was reading from the cookery book (her usual office) she suddenly stopped short, and asked of the professional cook—" Mrs. , how do these holes come into the heart then ? I suppose you put them in on purpose for tiie skewers !" Where is now one of our country young ladies, of whom she has not the best opinion, who doesn't know better than this? 