? ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. THE ARCHBISHOP'S PASTORAL. On Sunday last the following pastoral letter of his Grafce the Archbishop of Melbourne was read in most of the Catholic chnrches and chapels of the Archdiocese. HE LENTAL PASTORAL FOR 1878 AMES ALIPIUS, BY THE GRACE OF GOD Am) THE SAVOUR OP THE HOLY APOSTOLIC SEE, ARCHBISHOP OF To the clergy and laity of diocese of Melburne: BLESSING. the Arch- Deliver me, 0 Lord, from the evil man ; rescue me from the unjust man.—PSALM: CXXXIX. 1. Dearly beloved in Christ— Within the last month the Church had to bewail in affliction of spirit the death of her illustrious and saintly Pontiff, Pius IX. His long and eventful administration as Vicar of Christ on earth terminated in the afternoon of 6 th February. He has, we all devoutly hope and pray, exchanged the crown of thorns for the martyr's palm and the confessor's eternal repose. " For he hath done wonderful things in his day. 'Fecit enim miribilia in vita sua" (Ecclus. xxxi. 9). To the vacant See, with its weighty responsibilities, its sorrows and its consolations, has been elected, under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, a Cardinal singularly wise and learned. To Leo XIII. we cheerfully yield the obedience and loyalty we lovingly and unreservedly gave in faith and morals to the late deeply-lamented Pontiff. It behoves all who would be saved to receive with docility and ready submission the instructions of the divinely-appointed teacher and doctor of the Churcn. Dearly beloved, " Hear ye him." Last year when we deemed it our duty to submit to your pious and serious consideration the obligation and spiritual advantages of the Annual Fast, the Church was sorely afflicted in Her Head ( and members. This most distressing state of things still exists, with little prospect of immediate relief. Well may we cry out with the Royal Prophet—"Why have the Gentiles raged, and the people devised vain things ? The kings of the earth stood up and the princes met together against the Lord and against Bis Christ" (Psalm ii. 1, 2). Such, beloved brethren is thfe attitude of kings and princes, infidels and revolutionists, towards the Church of Christ at the present time. Though combined against ier authority and teaching, they are, nevertheless, divided among themselves, and out of their divisions and mutual distrustfulness the Lord will, in His wisdom and at the proper time, bring strength, consolation, and triumph to His afflicted spouse, the one true Apostolic Church. In the interim it is incumbent on the faithful to pray with contrition of heart, persevering in good works, that this consolation and triumph may be speedily accomplished. " Shew forth, 0 God, thy wonderful mercies: Thou who savest them that trust hi Thee" (Ps. xvi. 7). We cannot conceal from ourselves, beloved in Christ, but that troubles like those now complained of are sent in punishment of the almost universal departure from the teaching of that Gospel given us by God as the rule of faith and morals. That an end may be put to this just chastisement, and the triumph the Church most earnestly desires may come to pass, it will be necessary to conciliate the Divine mercy, as did the people of Ninive. Alarmed under a threat of destruction. to their city and themselves, and seeking to escape the dreadful doom, they implored the Divine mercy in acts of prayer and penance. The Lord was moved. For He saw their works that they, were turned from their evil way, and God had mercy with regard to the evil which He had said that He would do to them, and He did it not" (Jonasiii. 10). The same means of mercy and salvation, but more efficacious through the grace of the Holy Spirit, are now placed at your al, nay, enjoined you by the Church. In the name and authority of God she proclaims: "Except you do penance you shall allperishi" (Lukexiii. 5).. Under the old dispensation, when the people df God transgressed, He made use of fiie Philistines to scourge them. "And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the Lord, and He delivered them into the hands of the Philistines forty years " (Judges- ariii. 1).- Forty years of confiscation and cruel slavery! Even now the Divine wrafch f makes itself felt in His Church through' the oppression and terrorism 1 of deceitful jiations .and_- proscribed,£ecret^ocieti<3s, (Isaiah x. 5). But we must not cease implore His mercy, which is exceeding great and above all His works. "For yet a little while," He says, " and a very little while, and My indignation shall cease, and my wrath shall be upon their wickedness " (Isaiah x. 25). The Church shall finally triumph over all her enemies, domestic and public, for Christ, the unerring truth, hasjgiven the assurance that "the gates of hell shall not prevail against her." In the midst of the disorder and confusion of strange creeds and the intolerant secularism now prevailing, she stands out as the infallible teacher, "the pillar and ground of truth." People declaim and write bitterly and savagely against her, and compass her with words of hatred, and fight against her without cause; but this, in not a few instances, comes of prejudice and ignorance. The Church has no sympathy with the world and worldlings beyond her great mission for the conversion of sinners. To attain this object she multiplies the great Sacrifice of Calvary, and her prayers are seasoned with good works. Whilst then energetically striving to accomplish this great work of charity, she heeds but little, if at all, the calumnies hurled agaiDst her. She is high above them. They trouble her not. They but bring shame and confusion to those who, with deceitful tongues and a malice inconceivable, seek to defame and bring into discredit the Word of God, of which she is the divinely appointed guardian, "sed Veritas prasvalebit." But let us examine ourselves, priests and people, aB to our accountability for the scandals which from time to time have appeared in our midst, a stumbling-block to the weak and an occasion of blasphemy to the enemies of religion. The sanctuary has not been free from them ; and the faithful, who look for good example and instruction thence, have in some few instances been bitterly disappointed. And it has unhappily come to pass that many in the world justified their indifference in faith and morals by a reference to the irregular and disorderly lives of some priests. A criminal silence, often mistaken for charity on the part of the good, inBide and outside the sanctuary, is in a great measnre blamable for this, of all evils the greatest. A kind and charitabl rbeuke given in time may save the brother assailed by a violent temptation. '' And if he will not hear thee," says the Lord, "take with thee one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may stand. And if he will not hear them, tell the Church ; and if he will not hear the Church, let him be to thee as the heathen and publican" (Matt, xviii. 16, 17). The schisms and heresies and secularism of the age have sprung from sensuality and pride, both inside and outside the sanctuary. Bad, ambitious priests and laymen have conspired against God's truth and deluded His people, hence the great apostasy of the sixteenth century. The sanctuary should be above all suspicion, therefore, it behoves us to watch over it with the greatest solicitude. "Woe to the world because of scandal. For it must needs be that scandals come; but nevertheless, woe to that man by whom the scandal cometh" (Matthew xxviii. 7). The consequences of past and present scandals we cannot but recognise in the attacks now made throughout the world in one form or another on the Church. In Italy and Germany she is assailed in all her members and institu- tions. Here she has to withstand a fierce aggression made on the tender conscience of her little ones in the shape of a free, secular system of education, inaccessible to religious teaching and influence. Frequently and unavailingly has our conscience protested against this subtle and most cruel persecution, pointing out the wrong and injustice with which it oppresses a fourth, of the population. The law that is unjust and persecuting is no law; it is an abuse of power. Lex enim tnjrnta non est lex, sed abusw potestatis. (Vide S. Thorn. 1—2, qu. 95, Art. 2). "Woe to them that make wicked laws, and when they write they write injustice " (Isaiah x. 1). " Watch ye, dearly beloved brethren, "stand fast in the faith, do manfully, and be strengthened. Let all things be done in charity" (1 Cor. xvi. 13). i-he world will make a cruel war upon you; but have confidence, I have overcome the world" (John xvi. 33). These prophetic words of the Saviour are now being fulfilled before our eyes. The world is waging a pitiless war against'us, because we refuse to abdicate the rights of conscience and endanger our sal vatipn. aU nations," replied "the valiant Mathathias, a priest: ofthe sons of Joanb, "obey king Antiochus, so as to depart every man from the service of the law of his fathers, and consent to his toy commandments, brethren* will I, obey and thi my law sons, of and our fathers. God be merciful unto usit is ^profitableforusto forsake the law, and the justices of hearken to the words of KmgA^ochu neither will we sacrifice ^ . ^ f ® 8 ® £>e commandments of our law, to go another way" (1 Machab n. 19, 20, 21, an has the word gone forth-" Prepare ye the way of the. Lord mate straight His paths" (Matt. m. 3). To Hvel accordance with the law of God, ^explained by His Church, its mfaUible Interpreter, is the obUgation Mpojon all though baptismal grace, the basjs of ourhopeof futurehappmess. If thou wilt enter into life keep the commandments. The accomplishment of this weighty task is made possible and easy for us by our co-operation with divine grace, which is «ver prompt and ready when earnestly invoked. This holy season of Lent is emphatically a time of prayer for grace, though it may and ought to be invoked at all times; but " prayers accompanied by fasting and alms-deede ascend to heaven, and are recorded there" (Acte x. 4). The state of morality in this si- eat city and throughout the country is such -as all must deplore. The public conscience, it would seem, is getting accustomed to it. Unrebuked and unchastised, it is intruding itself into every class and condition of society. The young, ere they know what virtue means, are quite ripe in the knowledge of whatever is not moral. It behoves parents and guardians to be more careful than ever of their|children, lest, through their neglect, if not bad example, they f aU. a prey to this almost general depravity. How shall we confront this great and growing evil in the exclusion of a Christian training from the public schools? . If religious instruction oe neglected in the family, and imparted only once a week in the churches and chapels, your children will be but indifferently informed as to the great saving truths of faith, the redemption and regeneration, and unable to withstand the irreligious influence impregnating the surroundings in those schools. Such being the case, they will, without an effort, yield to the seductions of the common enemy, " who," as St. Peter advises, " goeth about as a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour, whom resist ye strong in faith" (1 Peter v. 8, 9). Behold, my dear brethren, the dangers you and your off- spring have to face, and the means of grace whereby they are to be overcome. These latter are more than sufficient for the trial. Our adversary the devil only prevails over us when we in our folly neglect to use them. The unarmed have no°chance in a struggle with the armed. So, being assailed on all sides, from within and without, it is incumbent on us, if we would avoid a defeat and secure a victory, to " watch and pray."- This is the important lesson the Church now in a special manner inculcates. She reminds all of the necessity they are under to sustain their vigilance and prayer, by a frequent and worthy participation in the sacraments of Penance, and the most Adorable Mystery of the Eucharist. It is further enjoined that by alms, equal to if not beyond our means, we make friends and allies of the poor, whose cry of supplication is most efficacious with God: " He who gives to the poor lends to the Lord." "Give unto the poor and the Judge is softened" (St. Clirys Horn depcenit). Now, my dear brethren, these clients of Christ, His dirtressed and afflicted members, are close at hand, they are at your very doors, cared-for through your charity by the Sisters of Mercy, the Nuns of Abbotsford, and those of the Presentation Convent, St. Kilda. To these holy servants of God we must add, as colabourers, the devoted and indefatigable Christian Brothers. To these religious teachers, the tender-hearted guardians of those whom "the hand of the Lord hath touched," we invite you to give of your charity to supply the means wherewith to provide for their necessities— "Let your opulence," enjoins the Apostle, " supply their wants" (Rev. viii, 14). There is another object of great importance which claims a share of your superabundance. It is the Metropolitan Church, of which you are justly proud, but towards the erection of which only few contribute; to bring it to a completion would not overstrain your liberality. The glory of the house where the Lord dwelleth ought to be dear to all, " For I have chosen and have sanctified this place, that My name may be there for ever, and My eyes and My heart may remain there perpetually" (Paral. 2 B Commending, then, our various charitable institutions and this great work to your pious consideration and Christian charity, we most affectionately pray that the God of all. consolation and . the J. A., •ARCHBISHOP or MELBOURNE. Sr. PATRICK'S, MELBOURNE, . Quinquagesima Sunday, 1878. MISSION AT RICHMOND. The mission which was conducted by he Jesuit Fathers in the Church of St. Ignatius', Richmond, during a fortnight, as concluded on Sunday last, when his ffece the Archbishop presided. The ission, we are glad to say, has been* ttended with the happiest results. THE .ORPHANAGES BAZAAR. We desire to call attention to an advertisement in another column, in which the Sisters of Mercy state the results of the bazaar recently held in the Melbourne Town Hall, in aid of the Csftholic Orphanages at Emerald Hill, and in which the Sisters gratefully acknowledge the efforts of all the ladies and gentlemen who promoted the interests of the bazaar. We would suggest, on our own behalf, that it would be a graceful act of kindness on the part of the Bight Worshipful the Mayor and the Corporation of Melbourne i£ the rent of the Town Hall during the bazaar week were remitted to the managers of the orphanages, in consideration of the peculiar circumstances of disadvantage under which the bazaar was held. It will be remembered that the Hospital Sunday ^collection occurred just two days before the bazaar was opened, and that the Indian Famine Relief Fund was being collected at the same time. There can be no reasonable doubt but that those circumstances conspired to act unfavourably on the bazaar ; and the corporation are not wanting in precedents for remitting the rent of their Hall, under special circumstances like that of which we write. (From our Oedong Correspondent.) FRIDAY BANQUETS. It cannot have escaped notice that for a considerable time past, whenever any public demonstration was to take place, the day selected for the purpose, whether by accident or design, almost invariably happened to be Friday. Perhaps recent scientific investigations have discovered that the organs of digestion are in better condition on that particular day, but, whatever may be the reason, anyone who takes the trouble to turn over the newspaper files for the past twelve months will find that almost every railway opening or political demonstration has been held on a Friday. This system- atic selection of a particular day cannot possibly be the result of accident, for, like Hamlet's madness, there is too much "method" about it. The conclusion, therefore, is forced upon us that there must be some design beneath the surface, some hidden motive—and what that motive is will at once suggest itBelf to every practical Catholic. On several occasions of late the Venerable the Archdeacon has felt himself called upon to allude to the matter from the altar, and to warn his congregation against the scandal caused by Catholics sanctioning by their presence a public violation of one of the precepts of the Church. LaBt week Sir C. G. Duffy protested in vain against the selection of Friday for the opening of the Gippsland Railway. He was informed that provision would be made for the religious scruples of Catholics, a promise, by the way, usually made on such occasions; but, as experience has proved, " more honoured in the breach than the observance." It is about time that Catholics made determined stand against this sort of thing, either by holding aloof from such demonstrations or insisting on some satisfactory reason being given why Friday should always be the day chosen for a gorging festival. RECEPTION. On Wednesday, the 27th ult, Miss Mary Treacey, eldest daughter of Mr. Martin Treacey, J.P., of this town, received the wlnte veil at the Presenta tion Convent, Wagga, taking Sister Mary Angela as her ng<me in religion. The ceremony was witnessed by a large number of visitors, including the parents of the young lady received. The Rev. Dr. Birmingham preached the occasional sermon, which is described as being a splendid and eloquent address. CLERICAL VISITORS. Fathers Dunne and McGrath, of the Diocese of Goulburn, have been visiting Geelong during the past week. Both, rev. gentlemen were present at Vespers in St. Mary's on Sunday evening last. CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION. The members assembled numerously on Friday evening last; Mr. P. Wiley, president, occupying the chair. _ When some routine business had been disposed of, elocutionary exercises occupied.the remainder of the evening. The progress that is being made in this important branch of mutual improvement was very noticeable, and aeveral sppakers referred to lit in terms of praise. Some selections from Irish orators were given on Friday evening in excellent style, and it is to be regretted that young reciters do not avail themselves more largely of the splendid speeches of G-rattan, Curran, O'Connell, Shiel, Whiteside, and Butt. It is surely far better to study the eloquence of the past, than the Seating comicalities of the present; and yet most young readers and reciters foolishly imagine that the best selections are to be found in the works of the American humourists. So long as they labour under that delusion they will make but little progress in the elocutionary art 