THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. During the past month .Henry V. has had a good run at tbe Theatre Royal, and Mr. Georgo Riguold's impersonation of King Henry has been greatly appreciated by his andienoes. Tbe excellence of the scenery and the completeness of the monntiug have added much to the buoooss of this pieoe. ...In eonscquenoo of tbe arrival of Mr. Wybert Reeve, nnder engagement to the manage ment of the Royal, Henry V. has been with drawn. Mr. Reeve, who was a passenger by the Chiinborazo, made himself a host of ' friends on board, and took such aotive in terest in providing for the amusement of hie fellow- passengers during the voyage that he woe presented, on landing, with a most lau datory address. He made his first appearance as Count Fosao in the Woman in Whito, and created a most favorable impression, and was equally successful as Captain Wregge in No Name. At the Prince of Wales Opera House Mr. W. Creswiok is the attraction. He has appeared as Cardinal Wotoey, in the play of Henry VilL, aud his conception of the charautor wss marked by high intelligence, while his aoting was impressive and natural. Uo lias also repeated fiis impersonation of Hamlet, liis colloquial scenes beiog by far the best. Miss Helen Ashtou's Ophelia wss weak. As the Queen, Alias Adelaide liowring developed artistic skill, and Mr. Ireland wbb successful as tbe Ghost. Mr. Creswick has appeared for the first time in Melbourne as Macbeth, and gave tin intelligent and finished imperso nation of the character. Mr. D'Orsay Ugden, who has returned here from a professional engagement in Sydney, has appeared at tho Academy of Alusic, where his principal supporters are an Australian actress, Miss Beatrice, and Air. T. J. Herndon, an American actor. Air. Ogdon first ap peared in Nover Forgotten, a piece weak as to dialoguo aud plot. Ho suc ceeded, however, iu creating a good impres sion in the part of Arthur Everton. Miss Beatrice, as Blanche Lascellos, showed that sho possessed dramatio power ; and Air. Hcru3haw, as Tipplcton Fluke, wasamUBing. Tho Mavis, or The Story of a Poor Girl in Sydney, has also been produced. This is a localised version of Madeline, tho Belle of tho Fuabourg, and oertaiuly has not much to recommend it, as the adapter appears to liava combined tbe sensational drama and barlesque in glorious confusion. In the repulsive o'naracter of a drunken journeyman carpenter Air. Ogden acted fairly ; and Alits Beatrioe, as his wife, dis played considerable command of pathos. A novelty, called Minerva, or That Aiother- ia-law of Aline, has been produced, a weak American imitation of of Emiie Sardou. Tho edition of Oliver Twist krown as Nancy Sykes, hnd which had a rnn in London, has boen performed at this theatre. Air. Alorton Tavares has be&ome; the lessee of the Princess's Theatre, and has made several judicious alterations affecting tbe comfort of the audience, besides which ho has had all tbo Boenery mado fire proof, by the ap plication of some anti-inflammable mixture. Ho opened with Tom Taylor's Overland Route, playing Tom Dexter exceeding well. Airs. Tayares made a sprightly and fasci nating Airs. Seabright, aud Mr. S. Poole was most amusing asLoviboud. Air. Tavares has got together a very fair company, and tho remainder of the characters were well sustained. In the School for Scandal Airs. Tavares won goldon opinions for her Lady Teazle, being piquante and viva- oious and. looking charming. Air. Tavares gave a felioitous rendering of Sir Peter Teazle. The sensational drama British Born has also boen given with success, Tha United States Minstrels continue their negro eaoentricities at St. George's Hall, aud Professor Hennieke has displayed his skill in legerdemain at tho Apollo HolL Ono of his best feats is the production of so- called spirit 'slate writing, u la Dr. Slade. At thu popular Monday promenade concerts the playing of Mdllc. Olga Duboin, the Russian pianiste, has boen attracting large audiences. Miss Ada Willetts, aged ten years, has also appeared at these concerts, and her piano forte playiug to marked by a preoision, ex pression and facile excution wonderful in ono so young. Tne usual organ recitals and musical entertainments by tho German and Alctropolitau Liedertafels have taken place during the month. 