AMUSEMENTS. ' The various places of amusement havo during bho week boon well patronised, a fact due to the presence of the legion of country cousina who flock to Melbourne for the national racing carnival. Tho difference bebween bhe usual audiences and tho holiday visitors to the theatres ia a feature thai' must strike tho observant habitue. The constant attendants, rendered listless by satiety and supercilious by familiarity, who know the piece by hearb, who are cognisant of each actor's foibles and peculiarities, aud who remain impervious bo the humor of the low comedian, the pathetic appeals of tho leading lady aa aha bewailaher lost 'cheild,' or bho denuueiabions of tho 'heavy father,' are woefully in bho minority. Wherever oue turns one sees strange faces, the owners 'of which have fully made up their minds to en joy themselves. How that rosy-faced buco lio giant grows red with excitement as he watches the attempt3 to 'nobble' bhe Derby favorite ; now his neighbor explodes wibh hilarity over the eccentricities of Mo. Davis. Tho English monarch's speech t.o hi3 soldiers ab Harfiour strikes home bo the British hearts that hear him. Mark tho heightened color, the sparkle of the eye, tho ' interest depicted upon the features aa the stirring words aro spoken. To those not surfoited with painbed canvas and fooblighbs this is no theatrical representation. En thralled they sib and se3 ia every actor a ' eoldier about to strike home for the honor of old England, led to the attack by an English King iu the flesh. Tbo painted scene be comes a vivid rcaliby, the battlements solid masonry, upon which the enemies of England mount guard. Ib is only whoa tho curtain drops that the vision ia dispelled, and tho odious cry of 'oranges and lemonade1' re- - calls bho entranced spectators bo tho prose of everyday life. See how furtively that solemn- ? looking spinster, long paab the hey-day of ' youth, 8bema the tear aboub to trickle down. ' her cheek, aa the heroine of a sensation piece bids farewell to her affiauccd husband. For . the old maid theatre aad drama have passed away. The words strike hor ear, bub aceneB long pa3t, half-forgotten, crowd upon her memory. She sees herself taking a part ia the drama of life, and feols again in all its bitterness tho parting thab cast a pall over her youth and has made her declining years ' desolate. Be not ashamed of tho tear. ? Evoked it may be by bho playwright's words and bho mechanical pathos thrown into them by au acbreas who, perchance, does nob uu- ' dersband them, but it ia for all thab bub a tribute to tho memory of unrequited hope, of disappoiuted love. A pleaaanter eight is tho jolly matron who knows more aboub dairy produce than scenic eU'ecbs. How she revels in bhe comic porbion8 of the play ; how sho sympathises with the lovers whom a cruel fate keeps apart, and how oxulbingly she claps her bauds when it all cornea right at ' tho end. She does not criticise the acting; to her ib ia nothing that the hero iB badly dressed or thab the heroine is cold and monotonous, or that in the baronial hall there is a decided dearth of furniture. Illu minated by tho halo of romance the ill drossed actor bocomes a Count d'Orsay, the commonplace actress a veritable Rachel or a Siddons, while the faded eofo, the ill-matched chairs, ani spindle-legged ' table are mobamorphoaed into a suite n't bo ' adorn Longleab or Balvoir. Tuua ibiaqaitoro treshing to watch an audience iu whom fami liarity has nob engendered conbempb, an audi ence to whom everything is coukurde rose, who, ignoring fault-finding, are lavish of ap plause, and carry bnck to bhe counbry re miniscences which will afford them thomes to discourse upon until displaced by tho fresh excitement of another Cup weok. AtbhoTheatre Royal Mr. WyberbReovehas tcrminabedashorb bub successful engagement, and bho hisborical play of Henry V. has been restored. The chief intereab of tho play cen troi in Mr. Uiguold, whose praiseworthy as sumption of tho English monarch liaa been noticed before. Mr. Taylor m.iko n capital Fluollen, and Misa Navaro'a Prhicoaa of Franco haa Io3b nothing of its former excellence. The aooncry is painbed wibh roalistic effect, * and the pioco ia well pub upou tho stage. On Friday Mr. lliguold appeared in bwo uew characters, viz., as Colonel Chalioo iu tho ' comedy drama Alono, nud as William iu the nautical drama of Black-oyod Susan. As Colonel Chalioo ha played carofully und naturally ; while tho part of William was imbued with bho spirit aad humor whtcli b-H long to it. On Thursday evening, during the play, a presentation of a new banner yras made to Mr. Eiguold by Mr. Appleton, on behalf of the ladies of Melbouruo. At tlio conclusion of- the piece, when Mr. Kignold entered hia trap to proceed to hia hotel, a largo as semblage of people insisted upon dragging it to the White Hart, where he realties. Ohcers wero then given for Mr. Riguold, ?who returned thanks for the honor done hint. To-night Mr. Eignold will make his last appearance in Melbourne, and on Monday Mr. Samuel Emery, the Kugliah character actor, will make hia debut before an Australian public. Mr. William Creswick at tho Prince oE 'Wales Opera House has been playing a round of his favorite characters. On Satur day laat ha appeared us Virginius, a part in wliioh hia ability aa a careful and intelli ereiit actor are moat noticeable. It was aa VirginiuB that Mr. Creswick first appeared in Melbourne, and laid the foundation of the Biiccesa he has so legitimately earned hero. During tho week lie haa appeared as Falstaff in Henry IV., Cardinal Wolsey in Henry VIII., Shylock in tho Merchant of Venice, Muster Walter in tho Hunchback, and aa Macbeth, all of which have been sustained in a manner that has found favor with his audi ences. The sensational play of Badger, better known to Melbourne playgoer* aa The Streets of New York, has been reproduced at the Academy of M usic. Tno chief interest of the piece centres in Badger, a banker's clerk, ^vagabond, beggar and police spy, who, re peutiug oi his wickedness, becomes the pro tector of innocence, thwarting at the , same time the schemes of his quondam part ner in crime, Bloodgood. It was in the part of Badger that Mr. Ogden iirst made his ap pearance in Melbourne, and it is one in which liis impersonation is moat creditable. Ho surrounds the character with a natural reck lesBueaa that is taking, investing it at the -sanic time with skilful touches of humor. Mr. Fisher, who played tho part of the banker, Bloodgood, preached too much ; and Mr, Fleming iu the double parts of Captain Fairweathor, and his son, Paul Fairvreaiher, \- was affectedly jerky. Mr. Harry Power wa3 .not successful as Mr. Putty Baker, and it is a ?pity ho was uot cast for his old part of the New York hoodlum. The character was entrusted to Mr. T. J. Herndon, who failed however in investing ib with any spirited in dividuality. As the hon. Mr. Livingston, Mr. Arthur Vivian, not satisfied with being unpardouably apathetic, disdained to give the audience an opportunity of hearing what he had to say. Jauk, the New York news ?boy, waB played by Miss Beatrice. Her act ing was natural and full of spirit and fun, and she sang and danced with great spirit. Miss .Silvester made a weak Olivia Bloodgood ; and MIbb Reeves cannot be complimented upon .her Mrs. Fairweather. Miss Bronton acted Iiucy quietly ; and Miss Lizzie Dixon as Mrs. Puffy wa8 amusing. The piece wa3 fuirly mounted, the tire scene, where Badger makes his escape from the burning house by ?the window, being well managed. The Mavis, and Blanche, or Never Forgotten, and That Mother-in-law of Mine, have been re peated, the principal characters being satis factorily filled by Mr. Ogden and Mias Beatrice. With a due regard to the unities of tho 'Cup week, the management of the Princess's Theatre have put on the stage The Flying Buck, described as a ' new version' of Boti cicautt's Flying Scud. This seems, how ever, to be a distinction without a difference, for in the language of the showman, ' one is so like both that you can't tell the other ?from whioh.' It ib now some dozen years since Flying Scud was produced in Mel ?bourne, and it will not be forgotten how the main incident of tho plot is the attempt made by Mo. Davis and his confederates to nobble the Derby favorite, and how old Nat ?Gosling circumvents them, and, riding the horse himself, comes in ' a winner. Tom Meredith, the owner of Nobbley Hall, was done justice toby Mr. Carey j and Mr. Wal lace, aa Nat Gosling, made a decided hit. Mr, S. Poole sustained tho part of Mo. Davis, -and succeeded in thoroughly identifying him self with the character. Captain Goodge and Colonel Mulligan were fairly represented by Messrs. Medcalfe and Forde. Mr. Len -ton made an ineffective Lord Woodbie, and Mr. Belton's Ohouser was extremely weak. Julia Latimer was moderately well .played by Miss Mayor. Miss L.. Forde made a pleasing lvaty Piideout,;and Miss Woold ridge was favorably received as Lady 'Wood- bie. The piece was well put upon the stage, the course scene on the Derby day being ?realistically effective. Tho scene of the Dover Sands by moonlight reflected credit ?on the artists, Messrs. Kelly and Neild. Tho new hall erected by Mr. George Mende3, in Coventry-street, Emerald hill, has been christened Mondes' Academy -of. Music. The theatre, which is 88 feet by 47 ?feet wide, is prettily decorated, and is fitted frith a tasteful balcony. The theatre was inaugurated on Saturday evening last, when ?the Irish Drama, Tho Sbaughraun, was produced. Mr. Charles Wheatleigh assumod his old part of Conn, and acted with his usual spirit and humor. Mr. A. Chapman ?was successful as Corry Kinchela. Miss Clara Henderson made a pleasing Claire El'olliott, aud Mias Elsa Meredibh played Arte O'Neale in a satisfactory manner. ?Emma was well played by Miss Tilly Earle. Harry Duff, Captain Molineux, Robert JPfolliott aud Foster Doolan were played re spectively by Messrs. D. Barry, A. J. Byrne, IJ. M. Humphreys and C. Newton. The scenery was good, aud the mechanical effects were well managed. The U.S. Minstrels ab St. George's Hall continue to command patronage. Tho chief features of the entertainment this weok (have been — The Phantom Chorus, Brown and Novvland's eccentricities, and the laugh able farce 'Put Up Yonr Thumb,' all of which went off well. The hall of the Melbourne Athenaeum is ?atill tenanted by Darcy Road's Ghost. Tho illusions and spectral effects are produced With considerable ability. Miss Rosina Carandini's complimentary benefit concert took place in the Town Hall ?on Saturday evening. The bene/iciairc Bang Linley's Only of Thee, and Stephen Mas sett's The Dying Boy's Prayer, with taBto and feeling. When we Parted, by Blumen thal, was sung by MrB. Cutter, and this lady and Miss Rosina Carandini gave the duet Ebben a to fevisci with artistic effect, Tho V daefc, Death and Destruction, from Ran degger'a Fridolin, was fairly given by Messrs. T, Lamblo and T. B. Mororiey. The German Liedertafel sang several part aongs with their ubusI skill, the best being tho Fore3t Bong and the Young Musician. A double quartette party was successful iu tho Wine Gallop, By Celia'a Arbor, and tho Froga' Cantata. Made moiselle Olga Duboin as pianoforte solos played a piece de concert by Blumenthal and selections from La Traviata, in both of which she developed expression and execu tioD. Herr Siede's fluto solo, airs from La Sonnambula, wa3 admirably played, as was also the organ solo overture to Le Cheval do Bronze by Mr. David Lee. As violin solos Siguor Ortori played a llomanza, Sans Parolo, by Wionawski ; and L'Aragonese, by Alard, both of which were reudered with the artistic skill for which Siguor Ortori has be come noted. The Musical Association of Victoria held their general meeting on Saturday evening. After some routine busiut-ss was disposed of a programme of, church music was performed. Mendelssohn's quintette in B flat (op. 87) for two violins, two tenors and violoncello, was played with great tasto by Messrs Edward King, Caron, Ernest King and Montague. Mendelssohn's quartette in E minor (op. 44) for two violins, tenor aud violoncello was played in a manner that gave the high eat satisfaction by Messrs. Kdward King, Caron, Ernest King aud Montague. The Austrian hj nin, arranged as a violin solo, was performed by Monsieur Caron, who de veloped admirable fingering, exquisite bow ing, tone and expression. At the popular promenade concert, on Monday evening, Misa Bessie Pitt3.sang Forget, by Pontet, Come Buy My Flowers, by Bordese,' with good effect. Tho aria, Iufelice, from Ernaui, was given with spirit by Mr. S. Lamble. A Monsieur Louis Chareyron made his debut as a tenor singer. He gave La Cote dr0r, by Wanzel, and La Marseillaise, but cannot be said to have created a furore. Miss Kate Powell, as a pianoforte solo, played an arrangement of La Traviata, by Banner Holm, developing considerable power and execution, and at the same time taste and expression. Aa an encore she gave Highland gems, arranged by Mr. Pape, and at the conclusion received au ovation of bouquets. Signor Ortori played upon the violin a fantasia Scene de Ballet, by de Beriot, with his accustomed bril liancy, and as an encore cave a trille of his own, iu which an elaborate pizzicato move ment ia artistically performed. Mr. Charles Sykes played a variety of orgau selections in a skilfui,manucr. Two open-air concerts, under the manage ment of Mr. Julius Herz, have been given upon the Melbourne cricket ground. The ground was illuminated by electric light, under the direction of Lieutenant Draper, aud a fountain was illuminated by prismatic colors. On the first occasion the effects did not come up to the expectation of the1 spec tators, but on the second concert the arrange ments were better. A good baud, under the direction of Mr. Herz, played a number of well selected pieces. Mrs. Cutter sang a couple of songs, and Signor Ortori played two numbers on the violiD, but the solos were only audiblo to those in close proximity to the performers. 