THE MYSTEBIES OF CEIME; OB, The Experiences of aw Edqtbubgh Detective. — No. XCVI. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A WIFE'S ENDURANCE. Part II. I turned away from the closed door of the room — through which the lady had vanished with such unaccountable fury and agitation — not greatly disturbed, but cer tainly curious as to the cause. Why should she so determinedly wish the guilt to come out all in one direction, and stifle every enquiry which might point to another ? From the first she had directed our atten tion to Eliza, the tablemaid, as the thief — an incautious and even dangerous step in itself, which no* one in calm blood would have ventured to tate. sucn runts came showering in upon us in nearly every case that passes through our hands, and as a rule they have to be quietly^ put on one side as either useless or positively unjust. Then, the moment I appeared to suspect a complicity with the sooty scullery-maid, now grovelling abjectly on the floor, the lady's manner had become agitated and alarmed, and she had determinedly tried to interrupt and impede my progress, wbiek before she had resolutely quickened and aided by every means in her power. Was there any guilty malice or criminal par tiality under it all? I had found such things even in ladies, and determined to try and discover. The piteous wail and in tensely reproachful look of Eliza when she said to Meg, ' You know who is the thief — how pan you see me suffer ?' were not lost upon me; ™*-$81?WM opposition of the lady only made me the mdre de= termined to get to the bottom of the mystery. 'Now, girls,' I began, speaking without harshness, 'it seems to -me that some of the facts in connection with this strange theft are known to both of you ; and I have only one advice to tender you— if you are guilty, hold your tongues ; for every word you utter will be used against you ; but if you are innocent speak out. The truth is not likely to harm you near so much as a guilty silence.' There was a painful pauss after these words. Eliza tearfully wrung her hands and looked at Meg, who suHenly gnawed at the corner of her apron, 'tind finally groaned out — ' Oh, I'm orf ul wicked — I o&?rht to be hanged.' 'And lam innocent,' cried Eliza. 'Oh, Meg, say that, at least — say you know I'm innocent.' ' I knows you are innocent — yes, I may say that,' blurted out Meg, after a fearful look around. ' If you are innocent, can you account in any wav for the presence of these pawu tickets 'in the heart of your trunk ?' I has tened to put in. ' I cannot — they must have been spirited in in some way,' was the ingenuous answer. ' They could not have been put in without my knowledge, for the key is never out of my keeping. I sleep with it even ; see, I wear it with a string round my neck.' 11 Does no one sleep with you?' 'No one; I am here all alone.^ The other servants wouldn't come near this attic for their lives— they think it haunted.' 'Strange! Now. look at those tickets one by one,' and I placed them in her hand ; ' and tell me, do you know nothing of the disappearance of the articles they represent ?' I watched the white beautiful face as I spoke ; and there, sure enough, as she bent over the tickets, was the^ strange hot flush creeping up over the cheeks, which no effort could conceal. 'I know nothing of the silk dress — indeed I do not,' she evasively answered at last. 'Let the dress pass; what of the other things ?' I quickly pursued. There was another horrible pause. 'She looked anxiously across at the scullery maid; but Me? was busy mopping her eyes with her apron, and groaning aloud, un conscious of the signal. ' I do know something of them ; but as it was given in confidence, and would affect some very poor and deserving people, I would hardly be justified in repeating it,' was her reply, given after a minute's thought. ' To screen the guilty is to commit a crime,' I shortly returned. ' You say you did not steal the articles yourself ?' ' I do : I could swear it on a Bible.' ' Then the tbief must be some other of the servants?' and my eye went significantly across to the sooty girl on the floor beside her.' The ? glance was not lost, The blood slowly mounted Eliza's cheeks, and in great contusion she stammered out — ' I — I suppose it must be so.' ' Have you any enemies in the house ?' I pursued. 'Any one whom you think capable of working you an injury ? tla* girl here for instance :'' and I laid my hand heavily on Meg's shoulder. . ' Oh, no, no !' wildly cried Eliza, drag ging llie girl away from me, and putting her arms round ner neck. ' Meg would not injure me; nor see me injured — Pll stake mv life on that !' 'I'm'orful bad; don't put your arms round me — I don't deserve it,' groaned 31eg, tugging off the other's hands, and looking up f oy the first time. ' Oh, Mister Peg, don't believe her in that — there is oue in the house that would willingly see her in her grave— that's the missus— all a-cos Master Frank fell in love wi' her, and wouldn't fall in love wi' nobody else. _ ' Oh, ho ! I begin to see through it all now. Well?' « Well, I can't tell no more. 1 want to be took up and transported, but it 'ud kill my mother— I know it would. The tilings was took a lend of by some un in this house —I know that much. Then some un eotched that orful bad un, and said, _' I'll transport you and your mother for it if ye don't do as I tell yer,and put it all on some un else wot I hate.' So this orful bad un {roes find pawns 'em all, and the silk dress wot the other un give her, and then sue iiirped ia kere 'w'ea Kika was sleepin' and took the key from her neck and puts all the tickets in her box, and went out again,' sayin' ' Oh, ye orful thief, yer oughter be hanged !' Oo-oo-ooh ! I do wish . that orful bad un had on'y busted up afore she did it ; but I'm not' goin' to say who she is,' and. Meg, doubtless thinking that she had concealed the guilty one very cleverly, ' had another blubbering match into her apron. Not one word, or tone, or expression in this speech was lost upon either the table maid or myself. We had listened in breath less silence, and at the close I smiled out in triumph at the unexpected revelation and clue thus thrown right at my feet. Not so with poor Eliza. With a faint moan she sank back, white to the lips, and, pressing her hand on her breast, she breathed rather than said — ' Oh, God ! I never thought of that.' 'I think the guilty one will not be difficult to find, if this girl is inclined to prove her words,' I said, with some ani mation, addressing Eliza. ' But, cheer up, my girl, it is not you who will suffer; if you had only spoken out boldly we might have spotted the lady at first.' ' Oh ! no, no, no ! not her — not her ! I would rather suffer myself than have it brought down on her!' screamed Eliza, with unaccountable agitation. ' This girl is mad — you must not mind a word she says — you might have noticed from the first that she is quite insane. I think after all that I myself am guilty — it is quite clear I must be so, for the tickets were found in my box, and it is quite impossible that they could have been put in as the girl says. Just take me away, and let the thing go 'on as it has begun.' I smiled out at the request, not without pity and admiration for the girl thus willing to sacrifice herself for the very woman who had so remorselessly doomed her ; but before I could reply, Meg, who had started up in amazement at the words, and was now staggering back with uplifted hands, and eyes opened to their widest, cried out — . 'Oh,.criminy — criminy! If ever I see such a good-hearted fool ! I shan't stand it — no, afore I'll see you do that to save her — though vou do like Master Frank — I'll tell all! There now! Transport me — transport my mother and us all! I'm ready '? Won't I make oakum fly ! Here, Mister Pe^ J make's a clean breast of it all-I ? ' The sudden opening of the door inter- j rupted her confession, and the lady of the house,, pale as death, glided into the room, J Her face was strangely distorted, and showed a mixture of humbled pride, abject, fear, and unquenchable hale. The snapping open of the door had been so sudden that, coupling it with the agitation of the in truder, I flashed at but one conclusion — she had been listening outside. ' I am sorry to interrupt your investiga tions, Mr. Detective,' she said in husky tones and with the slightest trace of a sneer in her voice ; ' but I find, upon examina tion, that the things which these tickets represent were given to Eliza to do wiiat she liked with, and therefore that no theft has really been committed. Is it not so, Eliza crimsoned to the ears — stammered — choked — and finally merely answered by a slight inclination of the head. ' I am really sorry that I have given you so much trouble for nothing,' pursued the lady, with sensible relief, ' but perhaps that will be a sufficient recompense,' and haughtily opening her purse slie held out a sovereign. ' Thank you ; but I am paid by the city,' I said, bowing coldly, and making no at tempt to relieve her of the bribe. ' More, I never, under any circumstances, accept pay ment till the work is done — which, in this case, it certainly is not. You have charged this girl with tnett; and so tar as l can nna she is not only entirely innocent, butthe victim of a cruel plot as well. I have iSow a eood idea where the guilt really lies; and if she only chooses to become accuser in turn I will probe the matter to its very core. Come, lassie, what do you say ?' a.nd heedless of the malignant fury of the lady I turned to the persecuted girl for 'an answer. ' There is no guilt anywhere. I am much obliged to you for your kindness to me ; but I have nothing to charge against any one,' was her simple reply, listened to by me with some annoyance, and by the lady with affected indifference. As for Meg, her faee was a study for a painter. The unexpected turn things were j taking — the cool way in which her mis tress's statements -were made, combined with her own knowledge of the real facts — seemed to take her breath away. She stared, and stared— moving slowly back wards as she did so — first at Eliza, then at me, and then at the lady; then an unmis takeable chuckle shook her frame, and then, with an uncontrollable burst, the words came — ' Oh, jimminy ! I thought I was good at tellin' lies — wallopers as long as that — but if this don't heat all ? ' ' Margaret, be good enough to retire to the scullery!' The order came out sharply from the lady, and in a tone that cowed her in a moment. Stuffing a great piece of her apron into her mouth to smother the irrepressible laugh ter issuing from her throat, Meg obeyed, and vanished from the room with a dive. 'I think I may now leave,' I said, moving- towards the door in disgust, and looking the lady full in the face with a significance that could not but tell her taat I had guessed at the truth ; ' but in doing so, you cannot expect me to express myself as satisfied. It seems to me that from the beginning there has been an amount of shuffling and evasion, capped by even deliberate lying, which is not only signifi cant but extraordinary. I trust, madam, you will be more sure of your grounds before you call us in again.' 'I trust so — I mean to be so,' she haughtily replied, with a wicked gleam in the direction of the tablemaid. ' When I call you in again, the guilty one shall not escape.' She uttered the words with bitter em phasis ; yet how little did she or 1 cireani of the sharp fulfilment that was to make the speech prophetic. I raised my hat, the lady curtsied stiffly, and thus the 'interview came to an end, and I left the house. I was dissatisfied — annoyed — actually angry ; and, to add to these feelings^ I never expected to hear more of the parties or get nearer the truth. That I was mis taken I have now to show. About two months after thf* charge of 1 tLefi Lad been preferred ag.iir.st Elizn, her » movements through the house began to be watched ' with strange suspicion by her fellow-servants — at least, by all but Msg, who now would have fought teeth and nails for her while there was a breath in her body. Eliza noted the looks with a flutter of dread, and became more silent and retired than ever —spending whole hours alone in her haunted attic, and some times weeping herself nearly blind over wildly- written letters, which she got Meg to post, and which that devoted messenger could just make out were addressed to London. One night Eliza appeared not only terribly flustered, but positively ill. Meg watched her with a beating heart, and came to the conclusion that, in spite of her assurances, Eliza was deceiving her. At last the day's work was over, and she saw Eliza slowly climb to her bedroom. Meg had no right to watch her ; but then, as she afterwards argued, how was she to know but what Eliza might be going to commit suicide ? As soon as the door was closed and locked inside Meg slipped off kef shoes, stole along the passage, and, breathlessly peering through the keyhole, saw Eliza at a strange and unaccountable occupation. The gas was glaring to its utmost height — the little fireplace, Eliza's trunk, and Eliza herself were clearly visible: but what puzzled Meg was to see her friend insert the little poker in the fire, patiently wait till it was red-hot, and then proceed to burn with it holes in the back and ends of her trunk. The process was slow and painful. Meg knelt there watching it for nearly and hour and a half; but when it was finished, and the trunk had three wide holes at the back and one at each end, and Eliza had un dressed and turned out the gas, Meg was as much mystified as ever. 'Well, here's a go!' she whispered to herself, as she slowly retired to her own bedroom. 'I never 'seed the like of that before — except in my last place but one, when the boys did that with a box to make it into a rabbit house. The holes was to let in air, they said. Can Liza be going to keep rabbits on the sly ? I'll watch her ; and after they're in I'll feed 'em on the quiet, and steal turnips from the cook for 'em ; and not let any one near to find out what's here. Yes, I don't care what hap pens ; I'll stick up for Liza through thick and thin, though I should be transported or hanged for it after — just see ^if I don't.' . . Meg's toilet, not being o£ an intricate order, did not take long to undo— she had only to tug off her things, mop her hair up in a lump, and jump into bed. But, though she had trifled awayan hour anda-half which should have been spent in sleep, her brain was in too active and excited a state now to sink at once into perfect repose. She kicked-fchout f or a short time, keeping her eyes tightly closed for fear of ghosts ; and then in a half-awakened state she dreamed that Eliza had got a beautiful little rabbit, with innocent pink eyes, in Her trunk, which Meg was about into take up and hug in her bosom, when the whole surface of the floor became an angry sea, the pink eyes changed to those of a beautiful child, which drifted helplessly among tne wild waves ; and then booming over the surf Meg heard the most piteous moans from Eliza to save the child. 'Help, help! oh, Meg! save my child !' Meg heard the words, and the piteous moans, and knew the voice though she could not see Eliza herself ; and with5 a wild plunge she was in among the waves, fighting with all her strength to get at the child, and saying to herself, ' Yes, I'll cotch it, and save it for Liza, though I get drownded myself.' But just as her hand was about to grasp its tiny arm a rushing sweep of the angry sea hurled it away, and beat it down, down, down out of sisrht ; and then a wild pealing scream from Eliza — she knew it was Jiliza ? caused her to wake with a spring and a shiver ; and she found herself sitting bolt upright in bed, and asking herself what it all meant, a\id if had really been a dream. « I was only half asleep when I heard the moans,' she reasoned, 'and I'm sure I heard a scream just as I jumped up. There's no noise now — I wonder if it came from Liza's attic. It's such a long way off —and along that dark passage— that Tm feared to go and ax. But then, p'r'aps, Liza's ill— oh, I can't lie here, ghosts or no ghosts ! I'll keep my eyes shut all the way along the passage, and try to think on fried ham and eggs or something to keep ghosts out of my head. Here goes !' and in an instant she was out or tae cosy ueu uiw me frosty air of the passage, scudding along in her nightdress, like a flying ghost, towards Eliza's bedroom. The door was locked, as she knew ; but, after listening breathlessly in the cold for some minutes, Meg fancied she heard sounds of heavy breathing within, and at last ventured to give a gentle tap, saving — ' Oh, Eliza, I was woke up by an orful dream — are ye not ill ?' There was a dull silence for a few mo ments, and then in a faint voice she heard Eliza say — . 'No, Meg, dear— I am quite well— go away like a good girl.' Meg was perfectly satisfied, and sped back to her bedroom with a sense^ of relief that made her accomplish the distance in half the time, and without a single thought . f ghosts. 'Liza's a -perfect lady,' she whispered to herself, as she curled' herself up in bed, with her nose almost between her knees. ' She called me ' dear' — that's cos she likes me, and helps me, and sticks up for me, and teaches me. I hope Mr. Frank 'ill marry her and make her a lady, and take me for their servant. Ok ! golluoshus ! wouldn't I like it, just to spite missus.' With these words on her lips Meg fell fast asleep — so sound, indeed, that when she sprang up in tlie grey morning and hur ried down stairs she found the cook in a bad temper on her account, as well as on that of Eliza, who bad not appeared. When breakfast was almost ready, and there was still no table-inaid, Meg volun teered to run up and bring her down. When she reached the door she found it unlocked, and, being invited to come in, she entered, and found, a little to her surprise, that Eliza was already up and dressed, but locking so ghastly white and thin, as she sat by her box faintly trying to fasten a collar on her neck, that 3Ieg nearly dropped to the floor in grief and alarm. ' Oh, Liza, you arc ill — I knowed you was ill!' she cried, spiinging across tbe room and taking the clammy hand of the . tablemaid in her own. „' Don't think of going down tuis morning. Let me put on lny Sunday clothes, and comb my hair, and take in the breakfast instead of you — do, lite a good girl, and I'll kiss you.' ' No, no, Meg, I daren't absent myself ; I must go down — I must go down and face her,' faintly gasped Eliza. 'PVaps you'll help me down the stairs, and ? ' 'Help ye? — I'll carry ye,' said Meg, with much' vigor. 'And I'll bring up everything to the very door, so that you'll just have to lift it in. But, oh ! I wish I could do it all for ye.' ' Oh, Meg, what shall I ever do to return your goodness ?' cried Eiiza, and then her head drooped on the breast of the strong rough girl, and she clung to her for the moment as a child might cling to a mother. 'There, now — don't ! don't — you're a settin' me on!' blubbered Meg, dabbling furiously at her eyes with her apron. ' Don't do that or I shall howl — I know I shall — just like the dog I used to imitate hist place but one.' ' But Mrs. Corbett — how can I ever face her ?' faintly continued Eliza, speaking more to herself than her companion. ' Her eye will pierce me through and through.' 'Face her? Oh, you just keep your pecker up, and walk in looking at nobody, and I'll be just outside the door ; and if she says a word to you HI walk in and knosk her down with the teapot. There's no harm in bem7 ill, surely ; she ougiiter be glad to see you doin' your work when you're not fit to be out of bed. Now you sit there while I bring ye a cup of tea ; and when the things is up and ready to be took in I'll come up and help ye down ;' and away trotted the good-hearted girl as if there were magic springs at her heels, in general so slow and heavy. In a minute or two she was back again with a warm, steaming cup of tea, and a dainty little slice of toast ; and then, having made a show of eating, Eliza began the terrible descent to the dining-room door. Just as they reached the lobby, the door-bell rang, and Meg came Tunninsr iovouslv with a letter, which she placed in the trembling white hands of her friend. Meg wasn't a great reader, especially of writing, but she knew that all Eliza's letters bore the London post-mark ; and she waited patiently till the trembling girl had read the ' following words : — My own Eliza — In thirteen days I will be of age ; and then all shall be made known. Keep up a good heart. For ever your own FfiANK. Meg saw the glistening drops spring to Eliza's eyes, and the sheet of paper raised to her lips and passionately kissed, and then she touched her on the arm and whis pered — ' I see it's good news. Oh, I'm so glad. It'll, p'r'aps, make you better. Now, then, here's the cloth, and the tray, and spoons, and urn — take it easy, and keep your pecker up — so — good — your doin' it well. That letter has put a bit of strength in her,' she added, as Eliza's drooping figure glided softly into the room right under the eyes of her mistress. The lady, lounging carelessly by the fire, started at the white and rigid face — screamed prettily, as became her — and then, raising her bands in horror, exclaimed— ' Dear me, girl, have you been stricken with.the plague ? Are you ill ?' ' I — am — not — very — well,' slowly enun ciated poor Eliza, feeling the whole earth in a whirl about her, and blindly grasping at the table i pr support. '?And what is the matter? Are you sick? Shall I send Thomas for the doctor ?' There was a palpable sneer in every word and tone of the' lady; and, ill as she was, Eliza read her through. ' She guesses all ; but I will not give in though 1 should die on the spot,' thought the poor stricken thing, inspired witn a sudden fearful strength, and then with a dignified 'No, ma'am — it is not necessary,' she continued her duties at the table with out moving a muscle or showinsr a single twinge in her face, till breakfast was set and served, and then she got outside to the cool lobby and sympathising Meg, and dropped white and still in her arms. Meg didn't alarm the household there and then. No ; they got leave to chattel through their breakfast in peace, while the rough girl with all her strength bore Eliza up the long stairs, happed her up in her bed, and gently tried to bring her round. 'I knowed she couldn't stand it; and, oh, I hope she ain't gone and killed her self !' she-murmured in grief-stricken tones, and then, seeing Eliza's eyes open, she cried, ' Oh, Liza, I've carried ye up, and I'll do yer work, and nurse ye night and day till you're well, only keep yourself easy, and dotft let misses worrit ye !' Eliza faintly pressed the rough hand in her own, and then relapsed into a kind of stupor, from which she was only roused by finding that the day was waning and that some one was prying about her room.^ The light was uncertain, but at last a malignant face bent over her, which she recognised as that of .her one enemy, her mistress, and she was startled by the words— ' I .have looked all through the raom. If you do not wish me to send for a police man, give me the key of your box.' Instinctively, and with a terrible dread, Eliza's hand went to her bosom — closed on the key like a vice — and remained there. ' I cannot — I dare not,' was her despe ate reply. ' Uive it — give it i or iu tear your nearc out !' screamed the passionate lady, making a sudden grasp at the clenched hand and striving to wrench it from her bosom. A scream — wild and piteous — and a cry, 'Meg, oh, Meg!' rang through the air, and then a figure dashed in, and hurled the lady to the wall without ceremony. ' Go out of here ! I've bin awatcliin' you,' breathlessly panted out the devoted Meg. ' If ye touch Liza, or try it, I'll take ye by the head of the hair and throw ye over the windy. Mind I'm desp'it strong ; and if ye say a word, I'll have ye trans ported for the lies ye told the peg about the thino-s ye got me to pop. -jo on. go on, »™\ Sn^ov Mack looks outside— yer company ain't wanted.' . . ' I am -*oin«- ; but m the morning,- Miss Eliza BalFour, I will get an officer with a. warrant, and if I do not land you in prison it will be because I liave been greatly mistaken in my suspicions,' and with this venomous thiust the* lady vanished. The same ' night she appeared at the Office, told her startling story, and at last was assured of a visit from myself, with a warrant in the morning. I found Eliza up and dressed, but look ing wof ully white and concerned. She still jsiuulih- l-tiustd to gise up the key of the trunk or allow a medical man to be called L in, till I produced a small lever to prize up the lid, when, with a cry of alarm, she suddenly tendered the key and allowed it to be thrown open. The malignant lady, the rough Meg, and myself, all bent forward in intense eager ness and excitement to examine the con tents. But here was no repugnant horror — simply a cosy nest made of two pillows,, while between lay a pouting-, plump, little child, slumbering as peacefully and sweetly as if on its mother's bosom. 'Oh, what a dear, wee lamb!' cried Meg, springing forward, and making a diving kiss at its soft lips. ' It's the very one I dreamt about !' ' Just as I thought !' hissed the lady, turning on the shivering tablemaid. «' Wicked, vile, disgraceful girl, you shall suffer for bringing this scandal into my house. It is a clear case of concealment* - Officer, take the vile strumpet away.' Eliza covered herf ace with her hands, but made no reply. ' Stay,' I interposed, feeling for the poor girl, and certainly having no favor for her accuser, ' I must first ask hep one question My poor lass, did you not tell any one of this, or set any one to help you ?' 'Yes, I helped her— I helped her all I could,' put in Meg. 'Don't mind what missus says, cos I can swear just the reverse in the best Court that ever was. 'I told only one,' was Eliza's faint answer, after a pause. ' Who was that one ?' ' Do not ask me ; I cannot tell — indeed I cannot ; but it will soon come out,' was the hurried and agitated reply. 'Then I fear you will have to go.to prison.' * ' Yes, of course — the only place for he= ; take her away,' croaked the lady, wifb supreme disgust. *' Stay, madam,' I sternly returned, look ing the lady full in the face : ' I am Hot inhuman — 1 must first have the opraion of the medical inspector as to whether- she is tit to be removed.' ' No, no, no ; do not wait for that,' put in Eliza herself. ' I would rather be in prison now ; my bairn would be safer there than here. I am quite strong; take me away:' and so urgent did her piteous entreaties become that I was at last forced to comply. A cab took us to the Office, where Eliza was put under careful hands, and allowed to employ her own nurse till the day of her trial. It is almost needless to add that the nurse, though rough and uncouth looking, was the most devoted that ever trod a sick chamber or dandled a child — being no other than Meg, the scullery-maid. Nearly 'a fortnight after Eliza was ar raigned at the High Court, and charged with concealment of birth. The case was clear — especially after the evidence of Mrs. Corbett herself had been heard — and we were beginning to look out for a heavy sen tence, when there was a commotion in Court, and a young gentleman, evidently fresh from a long journey, pressed eagerly forward, and was recognised with, a scream of delight by the prisoner at the bar and the nurse at her side. v A faint cry of terror escaped the lips/ri: Mrs. Corbett, and she rose in Iier seat in the audience and tried to tug back her son with these words — ' Frank, for heaven's sake, do not disgrace; our name l3ef ore all the world !:' 'Fearnot, gentle mother — tender-hearted as the hungry wolf — 1 will not disgrace either you or myself,' was the bitter reply. Then, turning to the astonished Court, he said, aloud, as he took his place close to the prisoner, 'My Lord, this interruption, I know, is quite out of order ; but theurffency of the case may perhaps plead my forgive ness. Listen, while I reveal the truth. This poor girl — this woman, who has been ?wronged, persecuted, ground down, heart broken almost bv my mother — is my law ful wife ' 'Hurrah!' cried Meg, jumping up, and waving a blue paper which she took from, her breast, 'and here's the lines!' and, amid a nimble of applause that would not be repressed, Meg was tugged into her seat asrain by a watchful policeman, while the marriage lines were handed to the Judge bv theiDlerk of the Court. ' They were legal in every sense, proving that, eleven months before*, Francis Corbett and Eliza Balf our had been proclaimed three times in the West Kirk, and afterwards mmTiftd bv a cleravman of the Church of Scotland in the ordinary manner. 'It is illegal,' screamed Mrs. Corbett, white with passion. ' It must be illegal* for I never heard of them being proclaimed.^ 'Officer, remove that noisy woman,' sharplv ordered the Judge, and the demand vras promptly obeyed — Mrs. Corbett screaming as she was dragged out, 'Til disinherit you— I have twenty-four hours to do it in, and you will find yourself pen niless.' As soon as she was gone the Judge, after listening to the young husband's statement that he had been from the first fully in formed of Eliza's condition, which he proved by placing certain letters in' the hands of the Court, the Judge merely ad dressed a few words of gentle rebuke to the prisoner, and then announced, amid a rumble of applause, that she was dismissed from the bar. The moment the -words were spoken, Meg jumped up and cried — 'Oh, Mr. Judse, come down here, and et me kiss you or Til bust ! ' Mrs. Corbett did not disinherit her son, rom the simple fact that on the way home he was seized with paralysis. She lived lor vears a helpless mummy, tended with devoted care and sympathy by Eliza — the tablemaid no longer. I sometimes meet Meg carrying some or the baims, and she always says, ' Oh, suy I'm orful happy — I sometimes think I'll bust up r' ( To be continued.) Watts Jebbs' Stomachic Pills. — The reliable remedy for Biliousness, Indigestion, and Dis orders of the Li»er and Stomach. Unequalled as an alterative when the general health is out of condition. First prepared from Dr. Jebbs prescription in 1876. Sold in small and large boxes. Agents for Adelaide, Fattlding & Co. Pebfectiok— Mrs. S. A. Aixen's World's Hair Restorer (the Genuine only in Pink Paper Wrappers) never fails to restore grey hair to its youthful color, imparting to it new life, growth and lustrous beauty. Its action is certain and thorough, quickly banishing greyness. It is not; a dye. It ever proves itself the natural Btrengthener of the hair. Its superiority and excellence are established throughout the J world. Wholesale of Ielton, Geimwade, and Co., Melbourne, and retail of all Chemists and Perfumers throughout the Colonies. 