GENERAL NEWS. A telegram was received at the Police station this morning to the effect that a mm had been found lying dead in Messrs. "Wright and Wells's brick-kiln at Hindmarsh. The Coroner has been communicated with respecting the' matter. The seventeenth of the Mayor's Popular Concerts will take place to-morrow evening. Arrangements have been made for the services on that occasion oE Madame Tasca and her talented Company, assisted by Mr. J. W. Daniel and his glee choir. A meeting of the Adelaide Amateur Rowing. Club was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Thursday, September 5. Twelve members were present, and Captain Aid well was in the chair. Two new members were elected, one of whom will be a decided acquisi tion, having taken a leading position in rowing circles in Melbourne. It was resolved—" That as the financial year of the Club will end on the 30th inst.,in order to stimulate an accession of new members for the coming year, a match meeting for trial fours will be held on the 28th inst., course to be one mile, to be rowed in heats." On Thursday evening, September 5, a new Rechabite Tent of the Albert District, I.O.R., was opened at the Unley Wesleyan Schoolroom. There was a large attendance, several members from the South Australian District and others being present as visitors. The name chosen is " The Star of Unley Tent." The D.C.R, Bro G. Bickle, assisted by D.D.R., Bro. J. S. Whitmore, and D.T., Bro. H. J. Pudney, initiated the candidates and opened the Tent, when the following officers were appointed:—P.C.R., Ero. H. F. Newbery; C.R., Bro. C. H. Matters; D.R., Bro. D. Gale; Treasurer, Bro. H. Leak; Secre tary, Bro. H. Turner; Guardian and Levite, Bro. Seabury. Other business having been attended to, the D.C.R. congratulated the members of the new Tent on the encouraging prospects and excellent field of labor before them. Yotes of thanks were most cordially tendered to the visiting brethren of the S. A. District, the district officers who opened the Tent, and to Bro. C. H. Matters for his efforts in tonnding the new Tent; and it was resolved at an early date to arrange for a demonstration to celebrate the event. A fatal accident occurred on Thursday evening, September 5. A little after 9 o'clock a cabdriver named Henry Jones reported at the Police Station that a woman was lying dead near the TurE Hotel, Parkside. Two constables were immediately dispatched to the place named, where they found Albert Chapman, another driver, in charge of the body, which was recognised as that of a girl named Nellie "Woods, of California-street. The body was removed at once to the Hospital, where Dr. Rawlings examined it and pronounced life to be extinct. From the story of Chapman it seems that he was taking the deceased with two other girls for a drive. They had got as far as Carrington-street when the driver got down for a minute. At the same time the two other girls got out of the cab and went away, leaving the deceased to hold the reins, which she had just taken hold of, when the horses bolted at a rapid rate. Chapman followed as quick as passible, but he was unable to stop them. On arriving opposite the Parkside Lunatic Asylum he found the girl lying dead on the side of the road, where she had been thrown out. Jones was passing at the time, and he immediately reported the matter to the police. The City Coroner has been communicated with, and an inquest will be held this afternoon at the Hospital. The following is Friday morning's weather report on T)he Adelaide and Port Dar win Telegraph line:—Beltana, calm, clear, fine, pleasant; Strangways Springs, calm, clear, fine, pleasant; Peake, light, clear, fine; Charlotte "Waters, light, clear, fine, pleasant; Alice Springs, fresh, clear, fine; Barrow Creek, light, clear, fine, cool; Tennant Creek, strong, clear, fine, cool; Powell Creek, strong, clear, fine, cool; Daly Waters, strong, clear, fine, pleasant; Katherine, moderate, clear, fine, warm; Pine Creek, calm, cloudy ; Yam Creek, light, clearj fine; Southport, variable, cloudy, sultry; Port Darwin, light, clear, fine,warm. A telegram received from England states ' that Mr. W. G. Cuthbertson has been appointed Manager of the Bank of South Australia in London. The news by the mail states that Mr. Purdy, the late Manager, was drowned in a cistern, through becoming giddy while looking into it. The City. Coroner held an inquest oh Thursday as to the cause of the fire which occurred at Messrs. Stephen & Go.'s cordial manufactory, Currie-streefc, on September 3. A verdict was returned to the effect that there was no evidence to show how the fire origi nated At an adjourned meeting, held at Ford's Royal Arms Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Thurs day evening, September 5, in reference to. the erection of a memorial to the-late Mr. Robt. B. Weatherhead, it was resolved—"That the subscriptions, amount ing to £40, be remitted to his relatives in England for the purpose of erecting a tablet to his- memory in St. Mary's Church, Berwick-on Tweed, his native town." The residents of the Port and Semaphore are promised a rare musical treat to- night in the concert to be given at the Town Hall, Port Ade laide, by Madame Tasca and her company. The programme provided is an excellent one, and includes the celebrated solo "Home, Sweet Home," by Thalberg, which Madame Tasca per forms with her left hand only. We are requested to direct attention to the fact that reserved and other tickets are procurable throughout the day. at the Town Hall. The booths for the forthcoming South Australian Jockey Club and Hunt Club Race Meetings were sold by auction by Mr. Parr at the Globe Hotel, on Thursday evening, September 5\. The prices realised for the South Australian Jockey Club Meeting were as follows :—Grand Stand, G. Sorrell, £7; No.l booth, W. Waldie, £13; No. 2, W. Nicholls, £11; No. 3, W. Waldie, £12 ; No. 4,F. Anderson, £11. The prices for the Hnnt Club Meeting were:—Grand Stand, G. Sorrell, £5; No. 1 booth, W. Waldie, £16; No. 2, W. Nicholls, £15; No. 3, W. Waldie, £12; No. 4, F. Anderson, £9. The Ke.v. J. Barber being about to leave this colony for a church in Victoria, preached his last sermon at Happy Valley, on Sunday evening, September 1, to a very large congrega tion. On Monday, September 2, a farewell tea was held. At the meetiBg which followed, addresses were delivered by various ministers and friends, all of whom spoke in high terms of Mr. Barber. He was presented with a purse of sovereigns, partly subscribed by. his Adelaide friends. The chHrch was crowded in all parts, and the rev. gentleman delivered a farewell address. . We regret to state that Mr. 0. S. Hare, M.P., was • seized' with a fit while on his way into the Assembly Chamber on Thursday after noop, The hou, gentleman, waa walking up the stairs in company with Mr. H. E. Bright, M.P., when he was seized, and became speechless. He was assisted to the landing by Mr. Bright and one or two other members, and was taken intc the Speaker's room. Dr. Phillips was scut for, but by the time he had arrived Mr. Hare had become better, and declined to see any medical gentleman. After be had rallied some what he was accompanied to his residence in a cab by Mr. Bright, M.P., and Mr. Eraser, M.P., and at the request of Mrs. Hare Dr. Gosse wa3 • sent for. On enquiry at a late hour last even ing we ascertained that Mr. Hare was much better. A meeting to support the Government in the construction of a railway through the hills was held at the District Hotel, Nairne, ou "Wednesday evening, September 4. There were upwards of 100 persons present, and Councillor Hay presided. Resolutions approving the action of the Government were carried unani mously, and several speakers deprecated the local jealousy shown by Mount Barker anl other country townships. A meeting was after wards held to consider who are the most suit able candidates for the vacancies in the Legisla tive Council. Councillor Hay again presided. There seemed to be an impression that it would be well to support those candidates who were in favor of the hills railway, and some slight opposition was shown when Mr. Hodgkiss was proposed, as it was thought he might favor the scheme of a railway from Marino. The motion in his favor was, however, carried. Mr. Scott's name was next proposed in eulogistic terms, and was carried unanimously. Motions in favor of Mr. Spence and Dr. Campbell were also carried, and the meeting terminated. The fourth half-yearly meeting of the Glenelg, Brighton and the Start Permanent Building and Investment Society was held on Tuesday, September 3. There was a good attendance of shareholders. In the absence of the Chairman of Directors, Mr. James Liddle presided. The Secretary (Mr. John Lee) read the balance-sheet and Directors' report. The latter congratulated the shareholders upon the marked progress made during the last half year, and stated that the profit on the half year's business amounted to 9s. per £100 share. Great satisfaction was expressed by the meeting at the balance-sheet, which not only showed the half-year's business, but also the total re ceipts and expenditure from the commencement of the Society, with a statement of assets and liabilities to date. It appears that all the Society's money is invested, and in addition to the profits declared there, is an amount of arrears of rent which is carried forward for a future dividend. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the Directors for the satisfactory balance-sheet and report, which were unani mously adopted. Messrs. Jas. Liddle, H. Measday, and D. F. Proctor, the retiring Direc tors. were unanimously re-elected. The follow ing resolutions were carried:—"That the night for the monthly sale of shares be on the last Tuesday in the month, instead of on Thursday, as heretofore;" and " That the Director3. be authorised to receive deposits at current rates of interest." A meeting convened by requisition to consider who are the most suitable candidates to fill the vacancies in the Legislative Council was held at the Institute Hall, Hindmarsh, on Thursday evening, September 5. The atten dance was extremely small there not being more than 30 persons present. Mr. J. Mittoa (Mayor of Hindmarsh), who presided, regretted the very small attendance, and said he was surprised when such important questions were coming before the Legislature that the electors did not manifest some degree of interest in the election. Mr. Wm. Johns in proposing Mr. H. Scott, J.P., as the most fit and proper person to represent the colony, said that although he did not know that gentlemen personally, he had the very highest respect for him, believing him to be a clever aud honest man in every sense of word. Mr. "Wm. Sansom seconded, and the motion was carried, only one hand being held up against it. Mr. Wm. Sansom proposed Mr. J. Hodgkiss, J.P., remarking that he had held a position in the Council before and had proved himself a useful member. Mr. Bourn seconded, and the motion was carried unanimously. . The Rev. H. Morgan moved that Dr. Campbell was a fit and proper person to represent the colony. Mr. Samuel Coombs in seconding referred to the views on the reform of the Legislative Council which Dr. Campbell had expressed. He was also in favor of Nock's Act. (A voice—"Don't mention it.") Yes he would, as he was a supporter of that Act, aud was proud of being so. He denied the statements which had been made in regard to the working-classes, when it was said that they really wished for the repeal of Nock's Aot, and said it was a great mistake. This was one of his chief reasons for supporting Dr. Campbell, and be hoped the neighborhood would join with him on that point. The motion was carried uranimously. Mr. J. B. Spence was next pro poned by Mr. W. Cornish, and seconded by Mr. J. Chittleborough in very complimentary terms, and was also carried unanimously. Mr. J. Bar wick proposed and Mr. S. Coombs seconded Mr. Pickering as a fit and proper person. The pro position was declared carried, about half a dozen persons voting for, and three against ir. Mr. Ingleby was proposed by Mr. W. Cornish, and seconded by Mr. W. Sansom, and carried. Throughout the proceedings many of thosepre sent did not seem inclined to vote. The pro ceedings on the whole were tame. Mr. Thomas Atkinson will address tile electors of Noarlunga at "Willunga this evening. A meeting on the subject of the Hills Railway is to he heldaitheMorialta Schoolroom this evening. The City Mutual Fire Insurance Com pany intend to establish a branch office in Ade laide. This Company has its head-quarters in Sydney. A meeting to protest against the repeal of Nock's Act, and to secure the return of candi dates favorable to that measure, will be held in the Congregational Schoolroom, Hindmarsh, this evening. Rainford's Comedy Company gave their last entertainment to a poor house on Thursday evening. The entertainment consisted of songs, dances, and comic sketches, and. was on the whole well carried out; but much to the dis appointment of some the ghosts did not walk. Miss Hprton and Mr. Wallace obtained a large share of applause for their singing and dancing. At the Theatre Royal on Thursday even ing the comic drama of " The Spitalfield's Weaver" and the musical extravaganza of "Nemesis" were presented for the third time. There was a fair attendance. The stalls, pit, and gallery were well filled, but the attendance in the dress circle was only moderate. As on the previous presentations of these pieces they were well received. The principal performers were frequently applauded, and several encores had to be responded to. To-night the comedy "The Happy Pair" and the burlesque " Aladdin" will be produced. Messrs. Davies and Lewis intend to give their opening entertainment at White's Rooms to-morrow, evening, aDd from the fame both gen tlemen have acquired we have no doubt they will have a large attendance. Mr. Davies, who is a ventriloquist of considerable ability, is an old Adelaide favorite, and Mr. Lewis has been spoken well of wherever he has made his appear ance. The company follow the system which gene rally succeeds in drawinglarge audiences of giv ing away a large number of valuable prizes. We have seen the bulk of the goods to he distri buted, and although some are of coarse only of trifling value, there are mauy really costly articles, which those who are lucky enough to obtain will highly prize. The annual meeting of the Adelaide Central Cricket Club was held at Grafe's' Coffee-rooms on Thursday evening, September 5\. There was a good attendance of members, and Mr. J. H. B. Croft occupied the chair. The following officers were elected:—Patron, Mr. O. Todd, C.M.G.; President, Mr. E. Squire, J.P.; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. S. Knevett, W. H. Burrell, R. R. Knuckey, and H. L. Hurst; Captain, H. Witherick; Practice - Captain, W. D. H. Claxton; Secretary, W. Burgess; Treasurer, W. D. H. Claxton.; Committee, Messrs. J. Bennett, W. J. Ponder, W. H. Rush-. . ton, and A. Ward. A uniform was agreed to, a number of new. members, elected, and other business of a routine character transacted. The annual meeting of the East Ade laide Cricket Club was held at the Stag Inn on Thursday, evening, September, 5. There was a large attendance, and the chair was filled by Mr. C. Brooks, Vice-President. The election of officers fbr the ensuing year resulted in the re appointment of Mr. J. O. Bray, M.F., as Patron, Mr. R. W. Humblev as President, Mr. C. Brooks as Vice-President, Mr. J. Hammer as.Secretary, Mr. G. Kennedy aB Association delegate and Vice-Captain, and Messrs. Argall, Btrrmeister, and Petrie as General Committee. It was de cided that the opening match should take place on the first Saturday in September, instead of on the second Saturday as in former years. Messrs. Lorraine and Burford. offered prizes for the ensuing season, and Mrs.^ and Miss Waite promised to contribute a ladies' hag. These offers were received with thanks. The conside ration of Mr. Argall's proposed alteration of rule fl.was allowed to stand over. Twelve new members were enrolled. 