OUR PARIS LETTER (From our own Correspondent.) PAKIS, Nov. 24. There is but one word to explain the posi-, tion of the Marshal : he is "floundering," and but one escape for him—resignation. As for the ephemeral Ministers, no one accepts them as serious ; the astonishment is that men could be found to accept such a dead-born honor. As M'Mahon cannot be converted, and will not _ retire after being beaten, he must be besieged. It is thus that the Chamber of Deputies intend to act ; they will accept no Cabinet that has not the support of the majority, that is, in accordance with the national will. It is useless trying any more promises, etc., with the Republicans—they are as firm as a rock in their determination to have the Republic and all its liberties, henceforth a reality, and to protect it aorainst a future sixteenth of May. The Chamber of Deputies, since it has been gratuitously assailed by the Senate, replies to every move of the Executive, not by words, but by acts. The budget will certainly not be voted if M'Mahon does not surrender. Emile de Girardin purposes to buy the Marshalout by offering him three years Balary as compensation. This expresses more than meets the eye, and must be read between the lines. The Marshal will be forced to yield by the pressure of events—they are only these that neither " submit nor resign." The nation is very decided to try the quarreljout,between free and arbitrary government, on the conditions existing ; it is more determined than its - representatives, and there display no fainting by the way. By approving of the Marshal's policy, since the last six months, the Senate has committed suicide ; the country now places all its hopes in the Chamber—in its representatives, men of vigorous action, of sap, of healthy political blood, and thoroughly cognizant of the wants, the aspirations, and the sufferings of their constituents. For the suffering abroad is profound, general, and cannot be disguised. From the manufacturing centres the wail of distress is sincere, deep, and uniform, and all the consequence of the unhappy adventure into which bad advisers launched M'Mahon last May. • Within the last few hours I have had a long conversation with one of the first wine merchants of France :—he is not a Republican—as yet, but is so far on the road to Damascus, that he has ceased 10 be a Monarchist—in the interest of his country. As a proof how business is with him, he does not now sell 5000 fr. of wine per week, when formerly he received orders for that much per day. But there is positive misery among the artizan and laboring classes, and last not least, among humble clerks, who have been discharged, their employers being unable to pay them, or to afford them occupation. Every day the crisis becomes more intense, but the explosion or solution advances at the same ratio. Minds are preparing for a cessation of the massacres in the East since Bismarck has declared so openly for Russia, the feeling is, the sooner these two political dictators carve out peace on their own terms the better. No power can prevent them ; England is considered as helpless as Austria. As for France, her Eastern question is in France. Within the last few days the rumors respecting the non-holding of the Exhibition have taken a certain intensity. It must be borne in mind these reports originale from the German and the French monarchal press. The first would not put on sackcloth and ashes if the Exhibition was postponed for a season, and the second fears that the Republicans may reap all the profit and glory of that event. Indeed this feeling is not altogether stranger to the existing crisis. If by misfortune this crisis can only terminate by a civil war, instead of the resignation of a President ; or if the Eastern flame would extend and Jap all Europe, it requires no ghost from the grave to assure us the postponement is a necessity. There are no signs at the works that such a result is in futuro, and exhibitors of every political creed are not ceasing their preparations. As for the œuvriers, they seem to be enchanted at having received a special annexe to exhibit their skill, and sell the products of it to visitors. As if everything seemed to go by contraries this season in France, Versailles, that the general public might naturally conclude to be very animated, was never more justified in being called the " city of the dead." As a rule, the Monarchal legislators pitch their tents there; the Republicans throw in their lots with Paris —once the political capital of France, and destined to be so again. The Monarchal deputies not feeling certain that the Chamber will ratify their election, won in. so many instances by Governmental high - handed pressure, have made no permanent arrangements to bring up their wives and little ones to Versailles ; they reside, therefore, in hotels as bachelors, with valises strapped, in case the Chamber quashes their seat, very likely to be done in con- sequence, for other reasons, of the Senate refusing to elect a Republican -to fill ft Republican vacancy. Then while the seat is contested there are twoRichmonds in the field, which brings a. crowd of office-seekers to Versailles. I observe that the new deputies prefer to walk from the railway station to the Chamber rather than take a tram-ticket. When a seancê iB finished the defile for the station represents a kind of lively funeral procession. With the view .of reducing the cases of infanticide France is almost decided to return to the practice of Foundling Hospitals. Instead of the basket to receive the little stranger, and the bell to announce when a deposit has been made, it is proposed to adopt the Italian system, wheie a monk with bandaged eyes sits behind the wicket, and takes in the babes. It is reported that on one occasion a mother brought her baby, aged six years : the monk divining his age by his squalling, as well as by touch, objected that the foundling was " too advanced ; the mother offered to take three children, aged two years each, in exchange. The Jardin d'Acclimatation seems to have entered resolutely into the tamewild beast business : it sells many trained animals, &c.; Persons name even its tariff of prices ; thus a beaver costs 100£., an ostrich lOOOf., a polar bear 10,000f., a rhinoceros 40,OOOf., an elephant ditto, an " Imperial" Bengal tiger 60,000, an American whale90,000f., a gorilla 95, OOOf., and an Esquimaux 100,OOOf. 