DIOCESAN SYNOD. ANNUAL MEETING. The annual meeting of the Diocesan Syno[?] was held on Tuesday morning, Hay 21, when the Holy. Communion was administered in the Cathedral, North Adelaide. There were present 25 of the clergy sad about 90 lay Byaodemeu and others. The Venerable Arch deacon Marryat read the service, assisted by the Bey. Canon Camnbs and the Bishop's Vicar,, the Bey. Dr. Dendy. The office war a choral one by Dr.C. Hubert Psrrie, and included thy Kyrie, Crede, Gloria, Gratns, Sa&gtus;, and Gloria in Ezcelsis. The hymns were Nos. 215, 396, 318, and the offertory sentences were by Barnby. Address to the Stkod oe Adelaide, I8OT; Br theFbesqjbkt. At the conclusion of the service the Vloar- General (the Very Bey. OeasBo?ell>, delivered the following address on THE REACTION TOWARDS SUPERSTITION AND THE ACTIVITY OF MODERN UNBELIEF. I shall ask your consideration t?-day to tiro topics of public and general interest. I am particularly anxious, however, yon lahonld note the fact that I do not speak to yon with autho rity, but solely as a member of your body occu pying accidentally at this time the fending place among you, and that no one bat myself can be beid responsible for anything that I may ray. The two most striking features of the times. as affecting the Church and religion, are the reaction towards superstition within the Church and the feverish activity of modern unbelief outside it. We are now brought by the post and telegraph into such close relations with the mother-country that every movement or reac tion of thought there tells directly and with hardly any delay on the state of feeling and opinion amongst ourselves. I—THE REACTION TOWARDS SUPERSTITION. In the Church at home we have daring the last year or two seen a state of agitation hardly paralleled at any time since the Reformation. A particular system of theological and ecclesi astical opinion, which had for years been. making itself powerfully felt, has at length, under the apparently innocent name of Ritualism, taken each form and assumed such proportions as to challenge the attention of every religions minded observer. It has passed beyond the ranks of the clerical leaders, and we have seen it, through the influence of zealous and singularly-devoted pastors, here and there taking strong hold on masses of the people. Such reactionary movements have their in fluence, more or less clearly felt on the more eager, imaginative, and ideal minds amongst ourselves; whilst there are others, neither eager nor imaginative, but imitative and mechanical who unthinkingly follow any change of fashion in the Church with which eminent names are identified. THE LEADING IDEA OF RITUALISM. 1\. It is a common belief of those who take a superficial view of the subject that the charac teristic of the later Ritualism is merely its large use of the aids of art in worship, and its disposition to lavish on the service of God all that can make it rich and beautiful. But in all this there is nothing distinctive. Ritualism is not content with even a rich ceremonial unless it can be made to symbolise certain doctrines. These might startle if they were nakedly ex pressed, but, presented in the beautiful forms of a premeditated ceremonial, are designed to attract, nnial the mind can be familiarised with them and prepared to receive the teaching whit* they conceal. It is above all tilings important that we should distinguish between the tnings in worship which are innocent and those which are dangerous to purity of faith. A beautiful and reverential ceremonial, sqch as that of oar own Cathedral, is one thing, but the teaching by means of a carefully - adapted ceremonial «tt alien doctrine is another. I have to call your attention, then, to what seems the leading' flea of Kitnalism. It is its great exaggeration of *be authority and power of the priesthood. Hat priests are men empowered to make a way for man into Hie presence of God, as an eiteision here on earth of the atoning work of Christ— this is essentially the Ritualistic conception of the Cristian ministry. Yet the only hiera teuma"(priesthood in the higher sense) known to the New Testament is the Christian: congre gation. "Ye are," says St. Peter; " a spiritual house, a holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices.'' Christian ministers ~ may, un doubtedly, in tihs spiritual conception of human life, be priests in common with their fellows, and may deserve that name by way of eminence" because specially set apart in behalf of their brethren as their representatives to offer their common "spiritual sacrifice." The often-quoted worde of our Lord, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost," &c;, it may be remarked,- were pro nounced not on the Apostles only, but also on "the disciples" that were with them. Byt this is a very different idea from that which legards the priesthood as lifting men np to a class by themselves, the sole possessors oft the interior mysteries of religion. . There is hoe all the. difference between a priestly order and* sacer dotal caste. If yon ask me what position I assign to file Anglican school as distingoishect from the Ritualistic, I answer that the distinc tion of the Ritualists is their adherence to mediaeval; that of the Anglicans their adhe rence to primitive doctrine. As far as I can understand, Anglicans hold a doctrine of the priesthood in the more evangelic sense; but add to this the position that not merely as a matter of becoming ar rangement, but by a Divine ordinance, all who are admitted to this order must be ordained by Bishops with their assisting presbyters. It is a doctrine of a representative priesthood, supplemented by a doctrine of dmnely-esta bUshed order in selection, sitting apart, and mission to exercise it. These two positions are separable from one another, and it is with the former only that we are now concerned. If they, in common with some of the old' -writers, occasionally transfer -to this representative priesthood ideas derived from sacerdotal ana logy, we must distinguish between the language of illustration and poetic imagery and the language of doctrine. There is indeed in the actual position of the Church as an ecclesiastical organization that which is sufficiently distinctive, without encumbering ourselves with a question able theory. The Apostolic Succession exists amongst us as matter of fact, and as a law of the Chnrch. Historically it is susceptible of proof that the Church of England poscasses an unbroken succession of order* from the first age of Christianity; whilst it is the law of tbe Church, which attaches importance to both Scriptural rule and primitive example, that the clergy must be ordained by Bishops who have themselves valid consecration. The 23rd article seems, indeed, to allow that this if not necessarily a law for all Christendom under iill circumstances; but the ordinal undoubtedly fixes it as the law of the Church of England. The Church also recognises a grace given in ordination, but given in answer to the prayers of the Church and through the Church itself, as the living Body of Christ and " Sacramental medium between earth and heaven f insomuch that such a thing as an ordination -without the precatory assistance of a congregation was never heard of amongst us. The idea Of such a grace communicated by mystical effusion, by the mere imposition of hands, is as foreign to the ordinal as it is to the New Testament; but it belongs to the very idea of the Chnrch that in its most solemn acts—of which ordination is one of the t most solemn .—it should be the means of transmitting the Divine Unction. On the one hand, we~have tbe teaching of Scripture (Heb. vii.) that priesthood in the highest sense of aO is held by Christ alone; that He in contrast with the niortalitv and evanescence of all other priest hoods "abideth a priest continually, and hath an unchangeable priesthood." But on the other hand, the truth taught by the Bible and the Church of tlie oneness between Christ and the members of His Body is not to be thrown into the background. To the eye of faith the incar nation has changed everything. The world ia now a consecrated temple, where all are worship pers and all are priests. The glory of the tank and dignity of lie true King and driest sheds lustre on the humblest of His followers, whom He has made fellows with Himself. As. con* toasted with the transient nobilities and hier archies of the world, it is true that the " chil dren of the regeneration" are " nobles by right «ff U&fea;>lierweation, and priests by the impo sition of a mightier hand." To be selected to Represent them, to act ministerially in behalf of this '"'Nyal priesthood," is an honor sufficiently )bJ£hstir any pastor or any Doctor of the Church. THE CONFESSIOHAi. -2. The leading idea of the Ritualistic system penetrates the whole regimen and practice of its clergy in their cures. They insist not merely Srn men confessing their sins to God and " to one another," but on their resorting habitually and as a system to the clergy to confess their secret sins to them in order to obtain absolu tion* The pastoral assistance allowed by the Church for cases of unusual distress of coa scteme is by them so amplified and extended as to become the normal discipline of Christian life. So absolute a necessity of a spiritual life J^sihis come to be regarded that devout per adns who have learnt to depend on it, when they )eaT« Bitualistic parishes for others where the MJetgymen discourages habituaiconfe?sion,almost ufrariabljr betake themselves to the ttoniaa yjhuich. lam thankful to know that, bo such has established itself amongst ourselves, %ut,lpoint it out for the warning of those who may be attracted by tfie more-beautiful aspects of Kitualinn, that this is a natural and inevitable application of the system and the logical out come of the theory. For if a man believes that to him such mystic powers are given for the sal vation of souls be must regard their exercise in the light of an inexorable duty. If it is in reality thustbst he is to ** watch for souls," bis vigilance mast never for an instant relax: When once this consictio? has fastened on him, he has lost ' fats freedom as a man—lie is utuit gacerdos ant mulUu"— he has lost hi? right to repel any peni :-?ent, -or to turn away with loathing from the ' , exposure of any morbid condition of the soul, .however revolting. like the pbyracian who has . accepted a sacred tenet he must steel himself to look ion the nicer and tie gangrene «nd the noi ■onenessof thede^?ly- seatedcancer,alfchoagh he Iptim that the recollection will so poison and 'pollute his imagination that not all the whoJe «ome and pare employments of his mind in its jumpier moments can. avail' to "-sweeten 1* it. -Tina is the system which tinder the impulse of ■tte. fiitualistic movement has sought to find lodgment in Ujb bosom of ihe English Church. 3bot ibe attempt wHI never succeed. The nation anas tolerate nra=h, but not this. Nothing has more discredited 'Ritualism than this attempt -to~ introduce into li parishes a regimen Roman -and Medieval. That thus the movement is regarded by devout and intelli gent "Roman Catholics we have abundant proof. I feoptent myself witt referring you to an article "by 'the Abbe Martin in the Xixttemtk Century Jbr February—an article to the lone and temper of which no exception can. be taken. ECOHfcHISTIO-DOCrHIHB AND CBBKXOHUX.. 3\. Bat it is in the celebration of the Holy . 'Communion that the attempt has been made to .give to the theory the fullest symbolic expres sion. People wonder why men «f good sense andLkean intelligence should make eomuch ado aboat the eucharistic vestments. It has been remarked that whereas the Established Church of Scotland, between 30 and 40 years ago was shaken, to. its.centre by'a great ecclesiastical controversy, ihe Better then in dispute was suf ficient to account -for the deep agitation of a religious people, being in their vi&sr; nothing less than the great question of the Headship of Christ .in J& Chorea. On the other hand it ha* been observed with contemptuous surprise that the.greatest etorm in the Church.of Eng land, in recent times has raged around a few ornaments and vestments. Bat this contempt is the superficial contempt of men who have not jenebated to-the heart of the cootroveray. The ouestton of. the vestments would have no value TO any, man's eyes were it not that th«y stand forth as a symbol of something infinitely more important. The passionate earnestness with which it has been sought to retain or revive them means, at least with Eonuy the retention at all hazards of the last vestige of .evidence that there may still exist in the Church of £ngland~a sacerdotal priesthood. The high 4«t?wii divines went no further than aative sacrifice or a commemoration of the «ne sacrifice of the Cross, but the -Ritualists reject aU .-such qualifying phrases. It is now ■?the holy sacrifice."/ Consistently with the jdea that in the Church the atoning work of Christ is still in progress, the sacrament is described even by men who call themselves BngiMfr Churchmen as "an extension of the incarnation'; 0 whilst its ceremonial has been earned to* a point which leaves hardfy a faint line of demarcation between the H"g?«* Com munion and ihe Roman Mass. The consecrated ■dements are offered on the altar as a propitiatory act, and when consecrated elevated for the adocatton of the faithful. This has indeed been -^pressed by law, but it has been repeatedly attempted. The celebration itself has been -H'yiT^r^""l *V ce p*t"WHM and prostrations ot the body, signifying rather the crouching abasement of the slave than its reverential lowlineas of mind of the childlike disciple. The body and blood of Ohrist are not merely present to the recipient, but are placed locally on the table. Men capable of .making nice disHqctiaas separate as by the finest hairbreadth ihis presentment "of flic eucharistic doctrine, from the developed dogma of transubstantiation, but to the un learned worshipper all such distinctions are shadowy and unreal. Tie Abbe Martin pleads with English Romanists to deal tenderly with the Ritualists, whom he sees engaged in the work of "converting" the Church of England. If he so regards it, we looking at their teach ing from within the Church must not be deemed uncharitable if we pronounce it "an alien doctrine." .^Te «cc therefore that if this system were in the end to made any great inroad on the Church of England., which as yet it only threatens to do, it would in reality be the obliteration of centuries of Christian life in England; and a falling hack into the lap of superstition. It is time, I think, then to warn mea not heedlessly to consent to the use of loose uncertain phrases which are coining ints> fashion, and to remind tfrero that whatsoever priesthood the Church of England possesses it is not a sacerdotal priesthood. I am very far indeed from wishing to imply -that into the eucharist there enter no sacrificial elements. The whole language of Christianity is sacrificial. The one tremendous fact of a .suffering Son of God colors every act of reli gion, and most deeply of all imbues the highest Act of earthly -worship. The Church itself is a kingdom of priests who by that blood have been themselves redeemed to God-, In that the Cross is the characteristic emblem, the sign of royalty in suffering. The law on -which our regenerated human life is built is a law of sacrifice. To reduce the sacrament to a mere meminral of something in the past would be to cast aside all this as insignificant and to enpty the sacrament of its most characteristic meaning. It is the Church's constant celebja tion of the sacrifice of Christ and the application of its benefits to those who receive. But we must berer forget that the sacrifice of Christ is an eternal act; that though in the offering on the Cross it was manifested in time, yet the Lamb of God is one " shun from the foundation .of the world.'" As an eternal act it has bo past and no future \ tiifl eternal things belong to a sphere which time cannot contain within itself; therefore that sacrifice aot only is not ta be repeated, but in the nature of things cannot be, for in that which is eternal there is no suc cession. Moreover., you cannot repeat its mani festation, for a thing made manifest stands tijere a revealed fact once for aIL Tou cannot rediscover a truth, though you. may repeat and xesew the impression made by its discovery. Whilst ;tbe Eternal' Sacrifice is still as truly present to the Church as an the day of cruci fixion, the«acrament is its perpetual celebration with praise and thanksgiving, but ite celebration oy the whole Church and priesthood of God. The grace, the active power, of the eternal love of God reaching the soul of the man in the sae xamental act touches the spring of all that in him which is spiritual, and so links together the eternal thought of God and the life the man has to live ante Bis holy inspiration. i I am warranted, therefore, in saying that, in I Order to attach the highest value to this sacra,.] raenfc—to regard it as a real -comjAQnication o Simeelf by Christ to His people—it is notneoes- i Bary to introduce the idea of a sacrificing priesthood perpetually lettering Him on the altar. On the contrary, the introduction of that idea obscures the gfceater troth of the exeroise of His priestly office by Christ, not in Heaven alone bnt here on earth. It is to exchange a spiritual for a material presenoe^-a living Chrirt present to the soul for a. material substance visible to ibe eye, under which m"? veil" we may imagine Him to be, and dignify this imagi- nation with the name of taitb. There is a closer connection than you might suppose between this system, which professes to exalt faith to the uttermost, and that materialistic philosophy which at this very time is assailing the founda- tions of religion. It is materialism within the Church, debasing by its sensuous superstitution the most spiritual act of Christian devotion. It is perhaps, however, not a wholly evil thing that Ritualism in its later excesses has forced on our view the real natere of the contrasted ' docbines—that which is mediaeval and that ' which is primitive—that we may choose between j them; that we may clear our minds of all vague ness of conception and our language of all am biguity of phrase ; that we may decide, once for all, whether we shall be content wth the doc trine of the Apostles and the primitive fathers, or surrender it in favor of -that of the middle age schoolmen. It may happen to some that, all unconscious of it, they «re"even now drifting in j the latter direction, following, perhaps, some favorite leader or catching up the glib theology < of some newspaper oracle; and therefore it is no unfriendly act to aak them to take heed to their steps. Affectionate persuasion, not menace or coercion, is not only the most Christianlike but the most effectual way of meeting such en croachments of evil. II. MODERN UNBELIEF. Any review of the signs of the times as affect ing religion would be incomplete without a reference to the feverish activity of modern unbelief. It is to be feared that here the sins of the fathers have descended to us their children. Hardly an important conquest of new truth in the field of science has been made which has not been hindered or denounced by men full of coward fears for the interests of revelation; as if there could be two kinds of, truth, or as if any true thing could be prevented from taking its 'place in the annals of the world by raising against it the cry of religious error; or as if revelation could have any "interests" apart from those of truth. Usually this, cry has pro ceeded most loudly from men of deficient infor mation, wholly incompetent to test the supposed discovery. Nor is their faith of the right temper and quality. It is not a strong but a feeble and timorous faith that gives itself over to these alarms. And now the Nemesis has come. We find eminent physicists and biologists regarding believers in Christianity as their traditional foes, to whom there has descended an inheritance of suspicion and hatred. The orthodox have been stigmatised as " The Bourbons of Theology"—men to-whom time can teach nothing because they are incapable of learning. Even if amongst them there should appear a new disposition to regard science as an ally whose discoveries may run apparently parallel to the facts of revelation, whilst yet the two lines are in reality insensibly tending towards one another to meet at some point, though it be a distant one, this is regarded as only part of the new "tactics" resorted to by the scared defenders of religion now that the old tactics have proved a mistake. Believers are regarded,and almost described in so many words, as men who cannot reason because their notions about the supernatural have stuffed their brains with so much " theological wool.'' We are as sailed from all quarters and in the most various ways—sometimes with passionate invective, and sometimes with the lighter weapons of raillery and persiflage. Now it is Professor Huxley's science acidulated with sarcasm; now the anti- Christian fanaticism of Professor Clifford; and now (to our sorrow) the more engaging scepticism of Professor Tyndall—a sceptic apparently in his own despite, and not without his involuntary moods of devotion. In Professor Huxley in particular the very name of theology or theologian seems to arouse a frenzy of tempestous wrath and scorn hardly compatible with the character of the calm philo- sophic enquirer. We ask with some amaze ment, "Tantaene anienis cælestibus iræ ? " It is manifest that he can find no real justifica tion for his scorn, otherwise he would not have recourse to the transparent expedient (which he might well leave to meaner controversialists) of identifying theologians as a class with the more intolerant and prejudiced members of their order. And Professor Tyndall, whose assault is less rude, yet bestows on believers hi a revealed religion, as from some superior height of illu mination, a compassionate treatment not with out tenderness foi their charming childlike simplicity, which is hardly less irritating. THE AGNOSTIC SYLLOGISM. (L) It seems to be settled by the illuminati that we can know nothing of God, or immor tality, of our relation to the unseen world. Why ? Because science can tell us nothing of any of these things. But waiving the question whether science can indeed tell us nothing, observe the syllogism which we are expected to receive. It runs thus: —"Nothing in the uni- versal sphere of things can be known as true which cannot be subjected to a scientific test; the supernatural objects of faith cannot be subjected to this test, therefore of them we can know nothing." But here it is the premises itself which requires to be proved. The mathe matician might with equal right postulate the statement that nothing can be known as certainly true which cannot be demonstrated, and with logic equally convincing overwhelm with ridi cule all the discussions of ethical philosophy. Our admiration of tie talents and the aquire ments of men of science often assume a character of awe; but our respect for their authority, where they have gained the right to speak with authority, must not betray as into an implicit acceptance of their logical falla- cies. EVOLUTION— ITS THEOLOGICAL SIGNIFICANCE IF PROVED, <2.) The particular theory which has been seized on as most hostile to tbe claims of Chris tianity and fatal to all belief in supernatural existence is that of evolution. Professor Huxley's hope that it may be ultimately estab lished is partly for the sake of science, to give it certitude and coherence, but partly also (he hardly affects to conceal) for the sake of con founding the theologians and exploding once for all what he is pleased to call the " cosmogony of Moses." Yet it is significant that the theory has not been regarded by Mr. Darwin, the author of the theory, or by Mr. Wallace, his most distinguished disciple, as inconsistent at least with a belief in God. They are both Theists (Theism being itself a form of belief in the supernatural), nor has either of them ever turned the theory to any anti-Christian purpose. If it should be established we should be compelled to admit that the various species of creatures which hitherto we have regarded as the result of separate acts of creation have been developed one out of another by variation and natural selection. Such a theory is startling; but sup posing it to have proved its case, when you have pursued your investigations to the most rudimental substance, you are no nearer nonentiety than at first. You have only thrown further back the point of contact between material creation and its Creator. And if the original creative energy could set in motion" such a series of changes, evolving in the successive groups of beings oven selective intelligence and an activity of in- stinct rising at last in man to the exertion of a self-determining will, what do you do but magnify the creative function of God ? Under these unexpected circumstances you conceive of Him not merely as a mighty artificer, making one thing after another with an inexhaustible fertility of design, but as a Creator able to transfer his creative function in a finite degree to the work of his hands, and to project "the creative process through countless ages And, though the introduction of a great many links in the chain of being may seem to place God at a greater distance from us, tins is an impression arising solely from the infirmity of our own minds ; for to God all things are immediately present as they are, not apprehended relatively through succession in time. Happily there are other ways 'of finding God than by tracking laboriously the print of his footsteps in the material universe. By a diviner manner of knowledge the humblest believer knows that he is in actual relation to the Father of Spirits, and that with Him he can maintain unbroken communion, I HAS IT BEEN ESTABLISHED? (3.) But the question remains—Has this theory which the Agnostics hail as the death blow to faith in all above nature been in reality established ? Professor Huxley is a man of too great scientific integrity to pretend that it has. Up to this time he has never retracted -what he said originally in 1800, and afterwards in the " Lay Sermons" in 1871 —that, " as the evidence stands, it is not absolutely proven that a group of animals, having all the characters exhibited by species in nature, has ever been originated by selection, whether artificial or natural." Then, in reference to Mr. Darwin's attempts to diminish the force of the objection— " We admit the value of these arguments to the fullest extent. Nay, we will go so far as to express our belief that. experiments conducted by a skilful physiologist would very probably obtain the desired production of mutually more or less infertile breed? from a common stock in a com paratively few years, but still, as the case stands at present, this little 'rift within the lute' is not to be disguised or overlooked." What a "comparatively few years" may mean leaves room for conjecture, but 18 years have passed away since the " skilful physiologist" was thus publicly advertised for, and he has not as yet presented himself. Certainly the predicted feat has never been performed. At the Berlin con ference of German naturalists last September Professor Virchow insisted on the observance of a much clear distinction than is commonly made between scientific facts ascertained and scientific hypotheses or problems which are at the present time the subject of research, and the following words are pertinent to the matter in hand:—" Every attempt to form our problems into doctrines, to introduce our hypotheses as the basis of instruction— especially the attempt simply to dispossess the Church, and to supplant its dogmas forthwith by a religion of evolution —be assured, gentlemen,every such attempt will make shipwreck, and in its wreck will bring with it the greatest perils for the whole position of science" It will be noticed also that, while Mr. Darwin hopes eventually to establish a line of connection between the various groups from the very beginning of "the struggle for existence" up to man, Mr. Wallace expressly declines the attempt and abandons the expecta tion. "We may admit," he says, " that those who claim for man a position and an order, a class or sub-kingdom for himself, have some reason on their side. He is Indeed a being apart, since he is not influenced by the great laws which irresistibly modify all other organic beings." He goes on to predict for man a future far completer empire over nature and the lower creatures than anything we have yet dreamt of— in an eloquent passage which reads like a scien tific justification of the triumphant language of the eighth Psalm. Professor Virchow, dealing with the same question—Whether man" has an cestors among the other vertebrate animals,'" says, " I am now specially engaged in the theory of anthropology; but lam bound to declare that every positive advance we have made in the province of prehistoric anthropology has actually removed us further from the proof of such a connection." And finally, we have lately seen Professor Calderwood, of Edinburgh, showing that the question as to evolution has its moral as well as its physical side, and that between the moral nature of man and the most highly organised and cultivated of the brutes there yawns a vast and apparently impassable chasm. If, then, evolution is to be the potent instru ment by which the idea of God is to be expelled from nature, and all intervention of the super- natural in man's life is to be proved impossible, the prophets of unbelief must wait a little before it can be ready to their hand. Nay, it may prove in the end that they must " let that alone for ever." (4.) But the temper of the Christian believer in reference to the enquiry should be fearless and dispassionate. We are not, like the priests of the old and dead superstitions, afraid of the spell of some mightier magic than our own; or, like the men of Ephesus, trembling because our craft is in danger. But we profess before God and man that our most earnest desire is to hold nothing as matter of belief bat what is true, and for this very reason will hold that alone to be true which has been completely and satisfactorily proved. If the emergence of new scientific truth should show any particular line of theological argument to be untenable the history of Christian thought in the past may serve to assure us that there will not be want ing thinkers, assisted by the Spirit of God, to give the newly discovered truth its proper place in the general scheme of Christian belief. SCIENCE AND PRESENTIMENT. For, after all, it is not we who discover truth, but God who discovers it to us. If discovery should come through those who do not know and do,not believe in the true source of all their illumination, we at least believe with Male- branche that even philosophic "attention" is a kind of unconscious " prayer for light," which never goes without its reward. For although science has been described by a distinguished biologist as " nothing but trained and organised common sense," the history of modern discovery does not justify this description as complete. On the contrary, some of the most famous con tributions to knowledge have been anticipations by men whose minds have gained a kind of imaginative scientific insight into that which is as yet hidden from them by the limited range of ascertained fact. They have alighted, by insight and presentiment, on some happy hypothesis suggesting the true explana tion of perplexing and almost contradictory phenomena, even before the proof of it has been or can be established. Many a previous mis- leading hypothesis has been entertained, and at length discredited by the test of experi- ment or calculation. But at last, by a process of mental suggestion which they are wholly unable to explain, another hypothesis has arisen in their minds which has proved to be the true light shining on their path, indicating to them the particular line of investigation by which they are destined to lay bare to the world the special truth of which they were in search. If, then, we honor these masters and seers, it is for more than their " teained common sense." Another and a higher bind of perception is here at work; and we do not hesitate to say that there is here the benediction of the Eternal Wisdom on faculties devoted with an admirable singleness of purpose to " the unlocking of the gates of sense and the kindling a greater natural light" for the better understanding of the things that are seen. In reference even to these things no man can greatly add to the sum of human knowledge without becoming in the end the benefactor of the Christian Church. In this temper of mind we would contemplate the patient labors of those devoted students of science whose alienation from Christianity is a grief to us, the greater for our admiration of their splendid powers, and the homage we cannot but render to their virtuous industry in their chosen pursuit. CHRIST AND CHRISTIANITY. But looking to the unsettled nature of many of the questions now in debate, it will be our wisdom to counsel our people not to perplex themselves with controversy about unsolved scientific problems, but to turn their atten tion mainly to the most tangible and substan tial of all the Christian facts—the life, the person, and character of our Lord Jesus Christ, and Christianity itself as a power which has daring nearly 19 centuries been exhibiting its character to the world. It is here that the admissions of those who regard Christianity only from.the outside show us what our vantage ground really is. The late John Stuart Mill declared—"Whatever else may be taken away from us by rational criticism Christ is still left, a unique figure, not more unlike all His pre cursors than all his followers." He adds—" It is of no use to say that Christ, as exhibited to us in the Gospels, is not historial, and that we know not how much that is admirable has been superadded by the tradition of His followers., . . . Who among His disciples or among His proselytes was capable of inventing the sayings ascribed to Jesus, or of imagining the life and character revealed in the Gospels ?" Mr. Sime, in his " Life of Lessing," says that " the evan gelists, who narrate facts with dry simplicity, have given us a history of Christ's Passion in which there is not a passage we can touch with the point of a needle by which art has not profited." And Mr. Lecky, the historian of Rationalism and of Morals, has felt himself wholly unable to restrain the following burst of admiration : —" It was reserved for Christianity to present to the world an ideal character which throughout all the changes of 18 centuries has inspired the hearts of men with an impassioned love; has shown itself capable of acting on all ages, nations, temperaments, and conditions. . and has exercised so deep an influence that it may be truly said that the simple record of three short years of active life has done more to regenerate and to soften mankind than all the disquisitions of philosophers and all the exhortations of moralists." What can be a grander office than that of un folding tbe Divine and human elements of this beautiful and holy life—its relation to an Eternal Fatherly purpose —its typical represen tation of all that is essential to man's life when lived at its best? In unfolding all this we shall have sympathising listeners outside those who are regularly under our pastoral care. And in reference to the body of truth which we rightly call "Catholic," what is the best way to com mend that to the real faith of men ? Surely it is by seeking every point of actual contact with what men believe rather than by fulminations against them for what they disbelieve, by nourishing in them any "small seed-corn" of faith that it may grow, if it please God, into a vigorous plant. We may strongly repel the assault of the unfair-minded opponent of belief, and yet our reliance must be not on the strength of our arguments, but on the presence in the midst of all truth-seeking men of an informing spirit of knowledge and love, preparing their minds to welcome every suggestion of truth that is hi harmony with it. It should be deeply fettled in ns, as matter of our inmost belief, that, as Professor Maurice said 25 years ago, "We stand not upon traditions or upon men, though these men were Apostles and Prophets; bnt that we stand upon their foundation; that the spirit in which they spake is given to us to make us true men, to make us understand true words, and to make us speak true words oor selvee." ("Sermons on the Prayer Book.") As we regard the investigations of science not only : without dismay, but rather in the spirit of Him who sat in tbe midst of the doctors eagerly listen ing to them and "asking them questions," with like interest and sympathy do we watch the progress of that wholesome Rationalism which has been defined as " the attempt to reconcile the religious tradition with the reason, and to define the logical ideas which underlie the popular religious consciousness." (" Symonds"s Renaissance.') But because we have human sympathy our eye alights with sorrow and pro found compassion on men who seem to be the peculiar production of our age, " disillusioned," without faith, without hope, certain of nothing except (by a kind of parody of faith) that there is nothing certain ; to whom the positivism of materialistic science presents itself with a singular fascination, as reviving their faint capacity of believing in anything whatever. It lights up in those sad souls some brief interest in the world in which they have to live, whether they will or no; but it is but like the passing spell of some incantation which touches the soul only so long as the nerves are vibrating under its influence, but leaves it in the end, saying to itself, as it were, under its breath (what St. Paul said long ago) "If in this life only we have hope -we are of all men most miserable." Let me close my address by one more quotation from the revered author from whom but now I borrowed some powerful words. "Unless,'' said Frederick Maurice, " unless there be proof that spiritual power is superior to mechanical; that the world is subject to God, and not to chance or nature; that there is an order far more perfect and beautiful than that of suns and stars, in which men are intended to abide, and in which everything that is great and noble in them receives its full development. I see not how the materialist superstition can fail to become the creed of every nation, and to bring about the decay of all institutions and political life; all feeling, affection, hope. But with the other (and more spiritual) faith it has been found possible for men to pursue physical science. The world has presented itself to them as a solemn, awful subject of study, but not as a tyrant before whom they must bow. They have learnt that the mere customary links which connect a fact with its highest principle may be suspended for the purpose of making that principle manifest. They have therefore risen above the slavish notion that sensible experience is the law to which all things are subjected; they have been able to set it at nought and defy it. Not merely the astronomer, but every chemist who has truly investigated the functions and powers of material things, has moved on this line, humbly asking Nature to tell him her secrets, and receiving answers— the most satisfactory, indeed—but the most contrary to our sensible anticipations and con clusions." (" Kingdom of Christ," vol. i.) Forgive me for having so severely taxed your patience. No topics, I think, could have more properly occupied the attention of a Christian Synod. A briefer discussion of them would have been worse than useless. At least I should have co consider it, and so have had to choose between silence and very open and explict speech. THE BCSINES6 MEETING as held in tbe afternoon at the Church Office, Xieigh- street.. There was a large attendance, and tbe Vicar-General opened the proceedings with prayer. The) Lord Bishop's commission ap pointing Dean Russell Vicar-General during His Lordship's absence having been read, The Vicae-Gknehai. said no member of the S Synod felt a deeper sense of unworthineas than himself in taking the position he took by virtue of tbe commission which had just been read. He claimed their sympathy and support, and expressed the hope that their united delibera tions would tend to the advancement of the Church. ELBCTIOX COMMITTEE. The Election Committee recommended that the following Churches were entitled to send representaiives to Synod:—St. Augustine's, Port , Augusta; Holy Trinity, Melrose. Adopted. AJTonmiESTs. i The Bcv. F. T. Whitington was appointed \ reporter, Mr. C. B. Young Lay Secretary, and ■ the Rev. S. Green Clerical Secretary to the I Synod. STKODAI. EOIX. The Synodal roll was made np as follows: — 1\. Holy Trinity, Adelaide—Sep. Richardson Reid, W. Gosse, W. H. Holmes. W. Shakes peare, 3. Porter. 2. Christchnrch, North Ade laide—Yen. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., J. Bath, B. Garlick, S. Smith, J. Barker. 3. St. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev James Pollitt, H. Boa caut, S. Higgs, J. H. Cunningham, L. G. Madley. 4\. St. Paul's, Adelaide—The Very Rev. Dean Russell, J, C. Bray, E. M. Smith, T. H. Haw ~kin?, H- S. Anthony. S. Bt. Paul's, Port Ade laide— Key. S. Green, Alfred Jones. H. H Thomas. 6. St. John's, Adelaide—Rev. F. 5\. Poole, M.A., F. H. Carter, Thos. Ward, J. White, H. Gillman. 7. St. Bar tholomew's, Norwood — Key. "W. B. An drews. J. E. Moulden, C. B. Mitchell. 8. All Saints', Hindmarsh—Rev. H. M. Pollitt, B. Taylor, T. Hardy. 9. St. Margaret's, Wood ville—Rev. A. Dendy, DJO., G. A. Connor. 10. St. Andrew's, Walkerville — Yen. Archdeacon Dove, MA., C. B. Young, C. C. Cornish. 11. St. Matthew's, Kensington—Rev. E. Jenkins. W. B. Hull, E. W. Meredith. 12. St. George's, Woodforde—Rev. A. Honnor, HJD. Cruttenden. 13\. St. Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. H. Read, M.A., N. Oldham, J. Williams. 14. St. Saviour's. Glen Osmond—Rev. W. H. Mudie, J. H. Wilesi J.K. Taylor. 15. St. Mary's, South-road, and 16, Christchnrch, CHallorau Hill — Rev. J. Bach, B. H. Babbage, H. D. O'HaUoran. 17. St. Peter's, Glenelg—Rev. T. Field, M.A., W. S. Douglas, H- Ferguson. 18. St. Stephen*, Willucga, and 10. St. Philip and St. James. Uoarlunga— Rev. E. E. Miller, EL Malpas, J. G. Holmes. 20. St. James's, Blakiston, 21. Chri?tchurcbjMount?arker. and 22. St. Thomas' * Balhannah—Rev. J. W. Gower, B. Gray, J. T. Williams, H. Kerr. 23. St. George's, Gawler— Eev. Canon Coombs, T. O. Jones, J. Tharnley. 24\. Christchurcn, Kapunda — Bey. J. M. Donaldson, W. Barlow, W. D. Scott. 25\. St. Mary's, the Bun* — Bey. H. Howitt, K. Blyth, F. A. Grant. 26. St. Jude'a, Port Elliot—Eev. E. T. Howell, tLA., H. Field. 27. St. John's, Mount Pleasant —Rev. S. W. Holden (deacon), W. Piullis. 28. St. Peter's, Robe—Bey. J. F. Hoctor, B.A-, Rev. W. J. Bussell (deacon). 29. Christehurch, Mount Gambler— Same as N0.28,H. K. Hughes, F. Halcomb. 30. St. Thomas*, Port Lincoln— Bey. O. Hammond, S. S. Browne, S. C Pearson. -31. Christehorch,Yankaiaia—Rev.C. W. Horse, BJI, E. Lovelock. 32. All Saints', Mooata— Rev. J. H. Oorvan, BvA., A. McGeotge. G. F. Wyatt. 33. St. John's, Macclesfield, and 34. St. Mary's Bchnnga—Bev. H. Bevis. 35. Holy Trinity, Biverton—Rev. J. Houghton, J. Bos worth. 36. St. James's, Glenburn—Same as No. 31, T. W. Vaudrey. 37. Emanuel, Chinkford— Same as Ho. 35, W. G. Cole. 38. St. Michael's, Bungaree, and 39. St. Bamabas's, Clare—Bey. E. B. Webb. JVLA.G. W. Hawkes, J. G. Pitcher. 40- St. John's, Auburn—Rev. C. W. Hawkins, iJ. W. Oastine, J. S. Anthony. 41. St. Mary's, 'Wallaroo—Bey. C. G. Taplin, G. W. Sillifant. 42\. St. Martin's, Campbelltown—Same as No. 12, H. E. Downer. 43. St. Ann's, Aldiuga— Same as No. 18 and 19. 44. Holy Evangelists', Goolwa—Same as No. 26, G. E. Oe Hole. 45. Christcfaurch, Kadina —Same as No. 41,Jalius Ey. 46. Cbristcburch, Strathalbyn—Same as I No. 33 and 34. C. H. T. Connor. 47. St. Jade's, Brighton—Same as No. 15, H. Datton. 48. St. Paul's. Bliynie- Same as N0.85, W.Nickolls. 49\. Holy Trinity. Lyndoch—Rev. A. Sells. ' ELECTION COMMITTEE. The following were appointed Election Com mittee for the ensuing Tear : — Archdeacon Marrjat, Bey: 8. Green, Messrs. C. B. Young, J. C. Bray, and the Hon. N. Blyth. AFPEM. FROM ELECTION COMIDTTEB. St. Peter's, WiUiamstown, applied to bo ad mitted to communion in Synod. Referred to the Election Committee to meet next day. STATE OF TEE THE DIOCESE. The Vicas-GesvEeat, read the annual report on the state of the Diocese as follows :— 1\. The Bishop's Absence.—There seems some thing almost annatural in the assembling of our Synod without the Bishop at its head. In my farewell interview with His Lordship he told me that, all being well, his retain to the diocese would not tie postponed beyond St. Paul's Day at the latest. In the Lambeth Episcopal Conference, hi which he is about to take part, it ' is certainly desirable that there should be one bo well qualified as he is to represent the views of the Australian Church, itg desire for closer union with die mother Church, and at the same time ite claim to independent action. We trnst the Bishop 'may derive much happiness from his intercourse with his episcopal brethren, gathered together from all parts of tie English-speaking world. - For our own part we can nest signify to him at once our loyalty and our sympathy by " devoting to the business of the Church in this diocese eves more than oar usual carefulness of attentroa. ■■' 2\. Deceased Members.—The past year has re moved from us some of those lay brethren who formerly took a leading part in onr counsels and have rendered services of lasting worth. Such men 'were Frederic "Wicksteed, Marshall MaeDennott, Handyside Duncan, and Oliver Keble Richardson. Not only do we honor their memory, but ye know with the knowledge of faith mat they are one with us still in the bl?S?ed Communion of Saints. 3\. The Consecration of the Cathedral on the first greatest interest throughout the Church. Thanks to Dr. Dendy, the arrangements for the conse cration were very orderly and complete. The higher service maintained within the walls of the Cathedral has supplied an acknowledged want. The presence amongst us during the consecra tion week of their Lordships the Bishops of Mel bourne and BaUarat, was not only a personal gratification to many, but a fresh stimulus of life to us all. Whilst recording our gratitude I add the expression of hope that in the coming years the repeated discharge of such offices of reciprocal kindness may knit still more closely the bonds of a common life between ourselves and onr brethren in this great Australian bind. 4\. Cathedral Endowment.—The Cathedral, though so far complete, requires further expen diture on the interior, but what is etill more essential, needs the endowment of a Precentor ship, to be held by one of the Vicars-Choral or otherwise. Kow that the fact is mentioned, those who have " gotten themselves wealth " in this -country will no doubt make haste to supply this deficiency by gifts or bequests. 5\. St. Peter's School.—The fact that Canon Farr has resigned the Head Mastership of St. Peter's Collegiate School having become gene rally knows, I should not be satisfying your feelings or my own were I not to express our high appreciation of the service* he has ren dered to Christian education. The steps taken by the governing body of this school ace snch that it is hoped an able successor may ere long be found. 6\. The Clergy.—The number of our clergy is now 43. One much-esteemed clergyman, the Bey. H. J. Poole, has left us, having received preferment in the Diocese of Melbonrne. Another, the Bey. K. Joslin, after a brief but earnest ministry, has deceased. The Bey. H. Bevis, from the Diocese of Wellington, New Zealand, was in July last licensed to the mis sionary core of Stratbalbyn, with Ecbxmga, Meadows, and Langhorne's Bridge, carrying his ministry aa far aa Wellington. Three theological students have been ordained to the ZKaconate, viz., Mr. E. C. Bpicer, BA. (Melbourne), Mr. F. T. Whitington, and Mr. W. J. BusseH, matricu lated students of the Adelaide University. These three young clergymen all received their early education in this colony, and give such good promise of future usefulness as to encou rage the hope that we may by- and-by recruit the ranks of onr clergy almost entirely from the youths growing up amongst us. In addition to these the Bey. W. G. Robinson, MJL, of Trinity College, Dublin, finding his health failing, was led to seek the genial climate of South Aus tralia. He arrived in January, and was licensed to act as Bishop's Chaplain.chiefly in the supply of vacant cures. These ace valuable additions to the clerical body. 7\. Lay Readers.—lt is gratifying to find our laymen etill willing to give their unpaid ser vices in this assistant work. Twelve additional ley readers have been licensed during the year, viz.. Messrs. A. M. Wilson, R. C. Yeo, E. Eh>hick,W. Kelly, O. Weld, J. E.Bell,W. H. Addison, J. H. Cunningham, S. Higgs, W. Warner, E. M. Dudley, and W. Thwaites— serving at trading Moonta, Kilkerran. Balhan uah, BlakirtoD, Mount Barker, Streaky Bay, Adelaide, Wallaroo, Auburn, and Wakefield. 8\. Church Extension—The Areas.—The at tempt to provide the people settled in the Areas with the ministrations of the Church has been at length successful. The way had been pre pared in the northern townships by the Rev. E. T. Howell and Archdeacon Dave ; and as a ten tative measure they were placed for the first year under the charge of the Bey. Hartley j Williams, Incumbent of Melrose and Port Augusta. But two fresh districts have now been i formed—the one consisting of Laura, James- ; town, Georgetown, and Gladstone, under the care of the Rev. E. C. Spicer; the other consist ing of Port Pirie, Crystal Brook, and Bedhill, under the care of the Bey. F. T. Whitington; Mr. Williams also undertaking missionary duty in his own neighborhood. The Yorke's Penin sula Areas are now likewise occupied. Toe northern portion, with Maitland for its centre, is attached 4o the enreof the Rev. J. H. Oorvau; whilst the southern, including Edithburgh, Stansbnry, Diamond Lake. Yorketown, Minla tan, and Monnt Bat, is placed provisionally under the care of the Bey. W. F. Marshall. This latter mission had been ably organised by the Bey. C. W. Morse, who during the past year made eight missionary visits to the Peninsula, besides two to Kangaroo Island. The Bey. W. J. Bussell is acting as mission curate in the South-East, under the direction of the Bey. J. F. Hocter, and ministering at Penola, Narra cocrte, and other townships. Preparatory steps have been taken for the occupation of the Framfield Mission in connection with Streak Bay, the attorneys of the S.P.G. having pro mised an annual grant of £50. 9\. Bush Missions.—The Archdeacon of Flin ders continues his periodical visits to the stations as tar north of Adelaide as 400 sales. Permanent arrangements for a more regular ministry are tendered difficult by the unsettled state of all squatting property in view of the advancement of agricultural settlement. The Key. H. Eowitt also continues hie quarterly visits to stations, extending 90 miles north of the Burra, in a different line from that of Arch deacon Dove. The Eev. CO- Taplin this year made a missionary tonr along the Western coast as far as Streaky Bay, only to report, like his predecessors, thatsuch flying visits aremereJy "better than nothing." There is still much ground to be opened np. The Bishop told the Standing Committee that " from "Wellington to Lacepede Bay there is no missionary of our Church. On the west and western side of Spencer's Gulf there is much' need of one." -He pointed, too, to the Gawler Banges, the country to He north and north-west of Fort Angusta, and towards the North-East as far as the Barrier Banges. There is indeed " a vast pastoral dis trict," much of which will probably never be in vaded by the plough—certainly not for many years. There some minister of the Church should be at work satisfying the desires of the religious ' minded; and as to those who have become utterly indifferent, humanusing, civilizing,' Christianizing. What is wanted is the pastoral superintendence of s resident, yet constantly travelling missionary, carrying on bis work, very much according to the method and in the spirit «f the late Archdeacon Twopeny. 10\. Clerical Incomes. —I have obtained per mission to place before you some information, confidentially supplied, respecting the parochial inchmesof the clergy derived from the voluntary support of their people, bearing on two points— (1) the sufficiency of the amount; (S) the punc tuality and regularity of payment. In the Government service the salaries axe graduated according to dan and length of service. The maximum salary is—Second class, £430 ; ttird, I £330; fourth, £270; fifth, £210; sixth, £160. i In order justly to compare with these rates the incomes of the clergy, in all eases where there is ft parsonage, or parsonage and glebe, a sum | eqnalent to rental has been added to the ' amount actually received. There are seven clerymen of the dktcese whose-income is de rived in whole or in part from scholastic of non parochial sources. These are not reckoned. From two I have no definite information. Of the remaining 34 it appears that five have in comes over the second-class maximum (£120), seven over the minimum of the same class (£350), seven more under the mmimiim of the third clam (£330), then 12 under the maximum of the fourth class (£270), and throe under the maximum of the fifth class (£210.) Bat the officers «i the Civil Service are paid punctually every month, whilst in most cases there is no regularity or system in the mode adopted for paying clerical incomes. Some clergymen say they do not know when they are to expect pay ment, or in what amounts within any riven time; and tbe cases are few in which the in come known or expected to be available is not in arrear. There is one obvious corrective to this. In those parishes (of 'which at present there isjonly one) where the pew-rents axe large enough to constitute a sufficient income,all that is-wanted is a good system of collection. Bat in those where the pew- rente are not sufficient, if pew-rents and offertory were thrown into a common fund, it would at once appear whether the fund affords an adequate stipend (endow ments of coarse being reckoned); and if not, it should be supplemented by annual subscriptions to a Parochial or Stipend Fund; and at each Easter Vestry the stipend should be fixed, so that the pastor of the parish should know on what scale he may order bis expenses. Stipends might also be paid monthly with the same regularity as salaries in the public service, if an account were opened at a Bank, arrange ments being made by which the inconvenience of arrears would fall not on the clergyman, but on the parish, which would have to make good any overdraft. I commend this sub ject to the serious consideration of the laity throughout this Diocese. Considering how greatly the colony has increased in wealth, it is not too much, I think, to ask that every clergyman who bas served seven years should have an income not less than the rayrimnm of a third-class officer in the Civil Service. But regularity of payment is still more important. Perhaps not half-a-dozen persons in any parish know what the stipend of the clergyman is, but every man who loves his Church ought to make it his business to know aud to see that the proper means are taken for having it paid. There is no want of willingness, bat there is some want of thoughtful consideration and of busi nesslike arrangement. The fact is that the 15 clergy of the diocese receiving no more than the salary of a Civil officer of the fourth or fifth class comprise some of the ablest and most highly esteemed of tbe wbole body, as well as some who have served for nearly or [quite a quarter of a century. This state of things is the more provoking because there is absolutely no necessity for it. 11\. Confirmations.—On tnis subject I quote the words of tbe Bishop:—« During the last 12 months, from Port Augusta to Gambierton, Port Pine to Port Elliot, through tbe Nordiem Areas, Talunga, Lyndoch, as for as Glenburn in the South,! have visited the Churches and con firmed about 520 adult 6 or young persons of an age rarely below IS. The crowded congrega tions, the fervency and reverence of the cate chumens, having permitted me to thank Godand take courage." This may well be considered a very remarkable statement when His Uord ship's age is taken into account. 12\. The MeJanesian Mission.—lt is satisfac tory to know that the- amount remitted to the Bishop of Melanesia this year exceeds that of last by about £€0. This is chiefly due to the exertions of Sunday-schools, conspicuously that of Trinity Church, Adelaide. If the Eev. E. H.Codrington could visit this diocese a great stimulus would be given to the work of collec tion ; and there is some ground for the expecta tion that he may be able to do so in the course of tbe year. You will doubtless desire to ex press to the Bishop your sense of the loss the whole Church bas sustained in the death of his father, tbe man who created the Melanesiau Mission, and was able by the inspiring force of his own enthusiasm to give to the Church such a history and such a memory as that of Bishop Patteson. 13\. The Poonindie Mission. —Our native Mission has passed through a time of .severe sickness, which in several instances proved fatal. During this time of trial the Key. O. Hammond was most kindly assiduous in bis medical care of the sick as well as in the'ministry to them of spiritual consolation. An attempt to deprive i he Mission of its pastoral lease was happily de feated. The Commissioner of Crown Lands made a persona] .visit of inspection, and under took that the lease should be renewed. It is much to be regretted that the local Bench of Magistrates have licensed a public-house on the road close to the Poonindie boundary, which presents temptation of a serious kind, and ia not justified by any local necessity. 14\. Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund.—lt is most gratifying to observe the complete success |of thie fund. With an accumulated capital of £5,500, au income of £650, and only four annuitants, the capital is rapidly increasing. Making every allowance for an increasing number of prospective claims it is evident that it will soon be quite consistent with prudence to increase the annuity. The Clergy Annuity Fund, for the benefit of aged and infirm clergy men, has as yet only collected £854 14s. 4d, but the collection is making fair progress. 15\. Church of England Endowment Society. —I have now to turn to a subject which will require careful handling. During the past year ceitain communications have passed between the Standing Committee and the Church of England Endowment Society, to explain which it will be necessary to give a few historical statements. The Society, consisting of lay members of the Church, was formed" in 1860. On June 11 of that year a. public meeting was held in White's Booms, in which the then Go vernor (Sir BicLard MacDonuell), the Bishops of Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, and others took pair, wLeo the proposals of tbe Society 1 were placed before the public. These were con- tamed in a publication, giving a full statement of the objects and the constitution of the Society, to which was prefixed aa address asking for the support of Churchmen. Copies of this, bearing the date 1860, etiil exist, and may be consulted. According to the constitution, then proposed it was announced that while the manage ment of the Society was nested in a Board of Directors, twelve m number (including the Chairman and Deputy-Chairman), "the appro priation of the income shall be under tbe con trol of Synod." The objects stated were tbe "placing the stipends of -Qhb clergy «n a footing which should be at once pennsaent, becoming,. and liberal," and the "adding to the number of that body." It was provided that a general : public, meeting should be held each year on a ; given day in January, and tibat this meeting, ■the clergy should be invited to attend. The Society was not incorporated t«l September 25? 1863, bat by that time the constttotion of ilia Society had been materially altered, although it does not appear that either ths Synod or tbe public baa received any intimation that the original plan bad been so greatly modified. In the altered, constitution tbe oonbrol of the Synod over tbe appropriatioji «f Income was practically withdrawn, fat though the dis tribution and application ware still said to be ".in the discretion of the Diocesan Synod, 9*' that discretion was distrusted and disallowed by subsequent clauses. -The Sraodwas to be "guided" in such distribution-fey "the recom mendation of the President and Board of Direc tors." The recommendation of Uiertatber when funds were paid over was, further, to * govern tbe Synrd in.the application *f .ft* foods so paid over." Still, however, the opportunity was to be given to the Synod to satisfy tbe Board of Directors, if it could, that any particular pro posed application of funds would -not be desir able. Tbe Bishop was retaiaedin his position as President of the Society, and Chairman, as of right, of general meetings, but tbe proposal to bold annual public meeting*, to which ** the clergy should be invited," bad totally disap peared. I know/no£hing of the history of the private deliberations which led. to these cer tainly not unimportant changes, nor is it neces sary to enquire into this in what purports to be a mere naked statement of facts. The standing Committee until recently were not aware that such changes had been made; tor though the new rules and regulations of toe Incorporated Society were printed in 1864, in- an/outward form closely resembling that of 1860, the one . publication was naturally supposed to be a term reproduction of the other. Bven in this second document, however, it appears that the Directors are still bound to - "pay over" to the Synod'the Whole of ,each\ ! year's income whjch is :spplicable Sot distribu tion, to inform tbe Synod bj way of "reoom mendatabn" of tbe intended mode of applica tion! and to afford to the clergy and lay repre sentatives oT Jtae Church' an opportunity of making known any reasonable objection that. may occur .to them. In point of fact'the in come, though no doubt wtJladnunutered, has never been us a whole paid otar *toJS^nod. Part of it has teen appropriated fin: grants for en- . dowment according to "a plan approved by Synod; part of it has been placed at Hie dis posal of the Bishop by the Directors for one or other «f the objects contemplated by the Society; but as yet the. Society does sot appear to have recognised the fact that the Synod is a body consisting of three-orders, -each one of which has a right to discuss every part-of the annual scheme of .appropriation. Now, for the'first time, we have a statement before us which satisfies one part of the Standing Committee's requirement; but (he other part— that the annual available income, even if accom panied with a compulsive "recommendation from the Directors, shall he ''paid over" to Synod (and, of course, appear in tbe accounts of its Treasurers)- bas not been complied with. Whilst giving you, as concisely ai I could, such a statement of factslas might make intalligible to you tie proceedings of the Standing Com mittee, I must at the same tune ask you to observe with gratitude the noble generosity of tho^e lay donors who havecreatedjfor the benefit of tbe Diocese a considerable capital. What the amount of that capital is the form of the accounts transmitted by- the Society hardly enables a person rnileairjed in; Mffn«t? to state with precision; but I am given to. understand that it is not less than£2ojooo. The net income of the year is stated as.£l,ooo. . The Secretary informs us of " the-mode determined on" by the Board for the appropriation of the year's income, which, yon will observe, is a fortn of expression more absolute than the constitution of the Society justifies. According to &ule7; of the Society an intended appropriation can only come before Synod in tbe form of a* 1 recommenda tion"— a recommendation no doubt in the but resort compulsive, but on which Synod has the right given it to express its opinion. I will only add that I trust there may always be be tween the Directors and the Synod a cordially good understanding. If the Directors will only recognise the Stct of our existence, and act in aci cortance with tneirownrulesjif they will believe, as I think they reasonably may, ttiat the sug gestions of persons having the most intimate practical knowledge of the matters with which the Society has to deal may be worthy of their serious consideration, I think fiiey will find no cause for apprehension of action on tbe part of the Synod which can disconcert or inconve nience them. EKSOWIOBM? OF CHUBCHES. 16\. Fortheinfarmationof Synod I have caused: to be prepared a statement showing the Churches actually endowed, the present annual income, and the sources from which the capital has been, provided. This shows a total capital of £15 jSSOL. of which the Synod has contributed £2018 155, tbe Attorneys of S.P.G. £4491 5*., the Church Endowment Society £4^J4O, whilst there has* been raised by local effort in the several parishes £5,150.1 suggest that this statement be printed along with tbe other documents in the A"T"'rt Beport of Synod. 17\. St. Barnahas's College —Under this name tbe Bishop wishes to associate with tbe Cathe dral a Theological College. Hie hopes to obtain a substantial grant from the S.P.CJC, and I shall be greatly surprised if his expectation of support from churchmen in this Diocese should be disappointed. The Bishop has said—" It is at once surprising and gratifying tome to be able to state that of 43 clergy licensed in this Diocese 20 have been admitted by myself to holy orders, nor are they tbe least efficient or least cultivated of the body." How true these words are we well know. It will be a great step gained if we can help the Bishop to supply our parishes with a native clergy, trained in a Church Col lege, where, while pursuing their studies with ardor, the Cathedral may contribute another kind of association of lasting and salutary power over their future ministry. 18\. Bishop's Executive Council.—The Bishop has explained the importance he attaches to the establishment of a Council of Advice, to aid him in certain matters not falling directly within the province of the chapter—his Council in things spiritual—or of the Standing Committee. Such a Council was nominated last year, the Synod instructing the Standing Committee to co-operate with His Lordship in carrying out his design by electing two of its members to serve on it. Tbe Bishop bas left with me a memorandum containing bis view? on this sub ject. He wishes the Council to assume a per manent character as one of the institutions of the Diocese, under the name of Bishop's Execu tive Council. The increase in .the numberof the clergy and the enlarged area of missionary work and stations are such as to cause him to desire to be "assisted in carrying on the ecclesi astical arrangements of the Diocese by a con sultative and executive Council." Tbe matters en which it would be asked to advise would concern " (1) tbe opening new missions; (2) the appointing clergymen to them; (3) the prepar ing measures for the consideration of theStaad jcg Committee, or Synod; (4) the making I recommendations for the appropriation of funds to the Standing Committee or to Synod if in session, or to the Attorneys of the &P.G.;, or to tbe Church of England Endowment Society." As to the constitution of the body, Bis lordship proposes that it should consist of five members, . viz.—l, the Vicsr-G*neral ex-officio; 2 and 3, 1 one Archdeacon and one Sycodsman, )x>tb- nominated by the Bishop; 4 and 5, two members of Standing Committee, elected annually and eligible for re-election. The proceedings of the Council " should be re ported monthly to the Standing Committee." The Synod will perhaps express its opinion on this subject: and if it approve, delegate as in last session to the Standing Committee the election of two lay members. I may mention that this " Council of Advice" has m3t regularly during the year monthly, and that as a member of it I can express my opinion that it has a real utility It would often save time to the Standing Committee by preparing a careful statement of circumstances with which it is asked to deal. And it is always open as a body to advise any member of the Church as to the best way of coming to the help of the Church in any direction. The question I have to put to you, then, is—The Bishop having, intimated hid" intention to form such a Council, are you willing ■bo far to co-operate with him as to direct the Standing Committee to elect two members to serve on it? 19\. New Church Societies.—The Church of England Sunday-school Union, I rejoice to be. ■able to tell yen. is fairly established, and has •already been the means of promoting a closer visible union between the clergy and Sunday school teachers of our several parishes. The ! Ctorch Temperance Society was established at ' « public meeting in the Town Hall, but its com ' plete organization is delayed from want o lunds. The present meeting of so many of the I clergy and laity in Adelaide may afford as opportunity of conference on the best means of carrying oat the organisation of this Society. 20\. Acknowledgments and Thanks.— The Bey. •C. L. Hutching, Secretory t? the Home of Deputies, has forwarded the journal of the " Proceedings of the American P. E. Church Convention, together with the Constitution and -Canoes of the Ghnrch." In the absence of the Bishop I have acknowledged receipt of this volume with thanks. Our thanks are also due ■the Melbourne Church Assembly for the "Sta tistics" of that Diocese, in a pamphlet which I . .have just received. Both of these publications are instructive and suggestive. I have also to express my own thanks to our indefatigable Secretary, Mr. Anthony, for thegreatassistance , "he has rendered me on all occasions. It only remains for me, then, to say, in eoa vlneion, that our Church has been endeavoring, to tie best of her power, to meet the growing demands of our people. We have'bad to undertake this work with such means aud appliances as we at present possess, not without a clear perception of a greater ideal good to be attained when better means and instruments are within o*nr reach. The sense of deficiency must create the desire always to improve. It cannot be Bald, however, that our ecclesiastical polity and our system of Church administration have proved themselves ill adapted to the requirements of.a country such as this, in spite of the absence of State support—in spite, too, of the difficulties in cident to a constantly changing population. Whilst we learn from America that during the last year 90 Cbngregationaust mi"''^ have sought ordination in .the American Episcopal Church, attracted by the greater breadth of view and freedom, of thought to be enjoyed in that communion, we find not a few amongst our .own .most active clergy and laity who, originally teamed under other religious in fluences, have been attracted by peculiarities of our devotion, or of Church system, or by sme kindling ef thought through our public teaching, and are now amongst our most zealous workers. With reference to the other religions bodies around us, I-need not say that it is to us a source of deep regret that they are in separa tion from us; bat the separation was not our act. Under eueh circumstances we can but cul tivate towards them a friendly-spirit, and, whilst seeking to learn from them and to emu late them in all that is good, often gladly act in concert with them in philanthropic activity. If we are sometimes exposed to criticism which ive think not -quite charitable, yet I think on the whole tie Church maintains as her characr teriistic temper a benevolent forbearance, and disarms hostility by the power ot a persistent and invincible goodwill. The greatest triumph ef toleration'is tolerance of the intolerant, and this triumph, if it please God, we shall seek to achieve. "I" TBEASCBBRS UTD AUDITORS. Messrs. H. Dotton andW. 6." Douglas were appointed TjreaeHrern, and Messrs. J. B. Can oingham and H.7>.CruttendeuAuditors. siAjrjDnTO"COitMTrrEE. The following were appointed Standing Com mittee for tie" year:—Clergy—Archdeacon Harryat, Bey. S. Green, Archdeacon Dove, Dean Russell, Rev. "WVB. Andrews, Eev. A. Dendy, Bey. H. M Pollitt. Laity—Messrs. C.B, Young, IT. S. Doughs, Dr. Gossa, H. S. Anthony, H. D. Cnrfctenden, Hon.'N. Blyth, 3. H. Cuhningham,- W. D. Scott, N. Oldham, J. O. Bray, H. E. Downer, H. Us. CHallotan, G. W. Hawkes,and \T.B. Barlow. -COmnTTRE OF APPEAL. The following were appointed Committee of Appeal:—The Bey. E. T. Howell, Messrs. H. E. Downer and W.l>. Scott. ' . ■ ASSESSORS. The Ootnmrttefrof AhsessorJ Were elected as follows: —Archdeacon Jktarryat, Dr. Dendy, Canon Farr, fiev<. S. Green, Canon Coombs, Key. W. B. Andrews^ Dr. Gbsse, Hon. N. Iflytti, Messrs. J. H. Cunnmghtm, G.~ A. Connor, S. C. Pearson, and W, S. Douglas. CKOBCH: ADVOCATE. .; > . Mr. W. Barlow was appointed Church Advo cate for the ensuing three years. VOTE OF THAKKfi/TO VgX. YICAB-GEKHBAI. ,' Mr. C. B. Yodro .moved—That the thanks of Synod are dne-td the Very Bey. the Vicar- General for hisSmluabW address and report, and that they, with the statistical returns^ printed in the teport otfiynrid." He had listened to the Vicar- General's address that day with con siderable interest. With respect to the first portion, that referring to Ritualism, he thought that only that phase ■'which tin Vicar-General had expressed his approval of, viz., the devotion of the best of everything to the.service of the Church* had so far made its appearance here and he failed to see anything objectionable in this. He had not seen any development of the. sacerdotal portion of the subject. As to the other portion of the address relative to modem unbelief, he might venture to hope that so much barm was not happening from the development of unbelief, because they might well consider those who had expressed them selves so openly as unbelievers as no great loss, because their connection with the Church would be no real friendship. In these days of free thought every man expressed hit opinion, as he pleased, but although some men like Pro fessor Huxley and others of liberal thought felt that they most write in theonterestsof science, they might, expect men of known atheistical or rationalistic opinions should keep them more to themselves than they did, becans they had never shown, as the Vicar-Genera 1 lad pointed out, that any good could arise train. their opinions. They as Christians had shown that they could be happy in their-own religion, and as these speculative enquiries bad Dotting better to offer them, and as their opinions did a great deal of harm, more espe- ' cially to young people, they should keep them more to themselves than they did. Those with whom they bad come into contact, who held these views, were estimable members of so ciety, and perhaps led a good life according to the moral precepts of the Bible, but he did not think they should seek to deprive them of their licence as they had nothing to offer them in return. He then addressed himself to matters dealt with in the report, and referred to the necessity of procuring additional clergymen. Mr. J. H. CcnTrtxGHAM seconded, saying much as they regretted the absence of the Bishop they must congratulate themselves on havicg suchan aUe^entieman to fill Ms place. The motion was carried unanimously. , The VicA?-GifflE?Al, in acknowledging «us ; courtesy, said tie £onsciousneas of bis insnffi- . ciency to fill the office bad induced him to bestow more attention to the collection of the , material for his paper. He ventured to tope that his labors had not been thrown away, and ■ their expressions of approval would be an encouragement to him in the folfilment of the | duties of his office. i ItKPOBT OF STANDING COMMITTEE. The following were the principal matters re ferred to in the report :— Representation of Disunited Churches.— The Committee had prepared the following, wiiich they recommended Synod to adopt as a regulation not fundamental:—"That in the event of the separation of any churches or parishes which have hitherto been united or have formed part of a united parish, it shall be -necessary for the Minister or Chairman of Vestry of such Church, not later than 31st December in each year, to address the Election Committee through the Secretary of Synod, and obtain their sanction to the full represen tation as a separate Church. The Election Committee, if not folly satisfied, may withhold its consent, and refer the matter to the next meeting of Synod. But no objections to the decision of the flection Committee can be en tertained in Synod unless such objections and their reasons shall have been forwarded to the Secretary within one month after the Election Committee's decision has been given, and unless formal notice of motion shall hare been handed to the Secretary of Synod." _ Election of fiepresentatirefi.—A mode of elec tion was recommended. Council of Advice. —Ten. Archdeacon Dore and Mr. C. B. Young elected to act on the Council. OTHER BUSINESS. Assessment.J-The Committee estimated the expenditure for the ensuing year at £200. They recommended an assessment for the ensuing year of Bd. per sitting let, as per statistical returns of 1876-7, amounting to £346 Bs. Bd., ■being the same rate as for the last three years. The assessment for the past year had been sufficient to cover the expenditure, and leave a balance in hand of £61 14s. Bd. They recom mended that in future Churches which sent uo representatives to Synod were not, and had not been, in Schedule A, or were not endowed, be assessed at the lowest rate, £15s. The Churches for the present year were:—St. Albau's, Glad stone; St. JameVs, Jamestown; St. John's, Laura; St. John's, Maithmd; St. Paul's, Port Pine; St. Aibans', Port Wakefield; St. Augustin's, Streaky Bay; St. Augustin's Virginia. Schedule C.—ln accordance with resolution of Synod, limiting time during which Churches should receive grant-in-aid, St. Mark's, Wood side, would be placed .in Schedule C after June 30,1879, unless SynoA should determine other wise, but Committee recommended that it be retained in Schedule A for three yean ad ditional, viz., till June 30,1883. Table of Collections.—The following was a comparative statement of the total amounts received and paid on behalf of the sources and objects mentioned during the past two years :— Keceived—lB76-7, Synodal assessment, £234 Bs. 8d: Home Mission, £204 16s. lid.; Mission to the Heathen, £136 10s. 9d. 1877-8, Synodal assessment, £242195.; Home Mission, £222 4s. lid;; Mission to the Heathen, £160 12s. Paid— Grants-in-aid of clerical incomes, 1876-7, £399 145.; 1877-S, £453 os. 4d. They noticed with pleasure that there was an increase in offertories for Home Mission and Mission to the Tr**"**1 *". «ifl that number of contributing Churches had also increased. Home Mission Fund.—Committee had again paid grant-in-aid. of clerical incomes at full scale, and would remind clergy that no grant will be made until annual collection for this fund had been made and paid in. Mission to Heathen.—Committee had voted whole of funds placed at their disposal for Mela - neaian Mission. Endowment of Churches.—During past year the endowment of St. Jude's, Port Elliot, had been completed, parish subscribing £120, and Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society contributing £180 (£300), bringing total endowment of that church up to maximum amount, vLI, £500. The Wardens of All Saints', iloocta. bad applied for endowment, and appli cation had been approved. Schedule A {Churches receiving Aid). — Th ■ following churches have been added to this schedule during the past year:—St. Augustin's, Port Augusta; Holy Trinity, Melrose. Vacant Cures Endowment.—The Treasurer had received £38 16s. 3d. from this source during year. . The balance in hand was £17 s*. lid. Absence of the Lord Bishop.—On the 6th of March last the Lord Bishop left the Diocese for England to attend the Pan- Anglican Synod. Previous to his departure he read a farewell address to the Standing Committee embodying a report of the Diocese. The Bishop expressed his intention to return before the end Jof the year. Commissary.—The Lard Bishop had appointed the Vicar-General to act as his Commissary within the meaning of the Fundamental Provi sion* and Begulatjons of Synod. incorporated Church of England Endowment Society.—Correspondence had taken place during year between Standing Committee and above Society respecting interpretation of Bute 7. The Late Secretary.—Upon the lamented death of Mr. Wicksteed, the Committee sent au address of condolence to the bereaved widow, accompanied by a pecuniary ■ testimonial | amounting to £404 18s, 7d., raised by subscrip tion, to which many f jUow-coloniste contri buted, as a mark of affection and esteem for her late husband. Appointment of Secretary.—On May 16,1877, Mr. H. S. Anthony was unanimously, appointed Secretary. BEPOETS.&C.; Formal motions as to the reception of reports and their publication in the Synodal .Report, also according the tiuudm of the Synod to the ! Attorneys of the S.P.G,"the Trustee of Allen'e Pastoral Aid Fund, the Committees of the In corporated Church of England Endowment So ciety, the Melanesian Mission, and the Theo logical and Ecclesiastical library, Cor their accounts, reports, and statistical returns, were passed, and it was resolved that the assessment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by die Standing Committee. XHBUHITO2) PAKISHES. Archdeacon Mabstax proposed, and the Bey. S. Geeek seconded—"That leave be given to bring in a measure for the purpose of making the following into a regulation not fundamental, to be numbered 10a :—-'That in the event,'&c; (as per Stg. Com. Beport.") This proposition, which preferred to the representation of dis united parishes, had been considered is Com mittee and verbally amended, and the Arch deacon now sought to legalise the regulation.. The Synod did not consider the regulation as drawn up sufficiently definite, and rejected it. i CUOECH *<sc;gu?VT. The Bey. S. Geeek moved, and Mr. H. Dctton seconded—"That in future Churches which send no representatives to Synod, and which are not, and have not been, in Schedule A. or are cot endowed, be assessed at the lowest i rate, £1 55." Carried. sr. mack's, woonsmE. < The recommendation of the Standing Com mittee that St. Mark's, Woodside, be retained I on Schedule A, thus affording it a grant in aid, was adopted.. THE COBPOBATE SEAL. Mr. W. S. Douglas moved, and Mr. H. Button seconded—" That Mr. H. S. Anthony's name be substituted for that of the late Mr. Frederic Wicksteed as one of the parties authorised to affix Hie Corporate seal; also, that during the absence of the Lord Bishop, the Vicar-General hare a like authority." Carried. KBFOBT BE FABISH BOUNDABIES. The Standing Committee reported:—That while in some cases boundaries of parochial districts had been defined by Synod according to Fundamental Provision No. 13, in the ma jority of districts they had been defined by the Bishop or by use. That there was no dispute in existence respecting boundaries, and that the clergy were generally «atinnfid with the present arrangements. Only in a few instances, arising from peculiar circumstances, which might be dealt with severally, was there any wish, for change. Under these circumstances, and con sidering the BhifHng nature of the population, the Committee were of opinion that the prepa ration of a general map of the diocese divided into parishes according to the instructions of Synod was at present premature, and would cause an unnecessary and useless expenditure. They were of opinion that for all practical pur poses it would be sufficient to deal with each district as the question of boundaries was raised, whether fay the formation of a new parish or erection of a new church. The Committee sug gested for the consideration of Synod that it would be desirable as a general principle to define the actual boundaries of the parish pro per, with the additional allocation to it, of one or more districts of greater or less extent, over which the incumbent might exercise ministerial supervision, and in which he might discharge clerical functions, though with a less degree of actual responsibility than in his parish proper. The report was adopted. nSCOBI'OEATED CHUBCH OF ENGLAND EBJDOW HBNT SOCIETY. Estimated net income for 1878, £1.000. Appli cation of funds—Votes to Bishop already made for passage- moneys of clergymen, £250; towards stipends of incoming clergymen, £500 = £750; balance, £250. Estimated amount that can be paid over to Synod during 1878 towards endow ment of churches, £500. The report was adopted. CI.EBGT WJDOM- AND ORPHAN FrXD. The Standing Committee reported that all premiums were paid. One clergyman, on leav ing the diocese, withdrew from the Fund, aud £14 was paid to him, being 50 per cent, of the premiums which be had paid in, and the funds were consequently relieved from all liability in respect of him. Two clergymen had joined the Fund. Statistics having been given, the report proceeded to state that in the year 1875 the number of clergy subscribing to the Fund was greater in proportion to the total number of clergy in the diocese than in any other year, and less in the year 1669. The total worth of the funds was £5,697 18s. Bd.. of which £1,820 was invested on mortgage, yielding an income vary ing from 6 to 9 per cent.; £392 4s. 3d. was invested iv land. The income for the year ending 30th Tune, 1877, was £G33 6s. 10d., and the expenditure £177 16s. lid., leaving a net profit of £485 9s. lid. The Committee recom mended that the annuitants should each receive £40 per inimm in future, being an increase of £5. The report was adopted. THE CLERGY AXNUITX FCTND. The Standing Committee reported the suc cessful establishment of this Fund under the authority given by the hist Synod. The net result of the operations for the 11 months ending 31st March, 1878, including church collections and premiums, was £797 Os. 9d. The Capital Guarantee Fund amounted to £667 14s. 5d., made up of the Cullen Legacy voted to the fund by the last Synod, £413 Se. 5d.; donations, £72 2s. <$d.; and subscriptions, £182 Os. 6d., which last the subscribers had promised to continue for various terms. Doubtless several of the donations would be renewed. The «nn?i col lections in churches would also form a portion of this fund. There were no arrears either of premiums or interest. The expenses had been somewhat heavy, £33 for printing, postage, and stationery was included, the greater portion of which, being of a preliminary nature, would not occur again. The number of clergy subscribing was 31 out of 43, the number licensed in the diocese. No subscriber to the fond had died during tie past year. In conclusion the Com mittee pointed out that the funds were not available for annuitants until the Capital Guarantee Fond had reached £1,000, but they trusted that during the next year the appeals for assistance might meet with the same liberality which had characterised the responses to ■ their first appeal, and that the requisite amount would be made up. On mortgage, £750 was invested, yielding an income varying from 7to 8 per cent.; £47 6s. 9dU uninvested. The report was adopted. MELANEHAN MISSION. The Committee stated that the only satisfac tory tbipg they had to report mv that certain Sunday-Schools had liberally responded to the appeal made to them by the Committee. They wish to make special mention of Holy Trinity, Adelaide, hariog contributed £30 Is. ffd.; St. George's, Gawler, £10; and St. Peter's, Glenelg, £13 4s. 3d. The total amount received during the year was £288 165., being an increase on last year of over £56. StiUtheCommitteedrew atten tion to the fact that the increased contributions to this Mission had no proportion to the increas ing wealth of the colony. They trust that the Ker. 11. H. Codrington may be enabled to carry out his intention of visiting this Diocese at or about October. THEOLOGICAL AND ECCLESIASTICAL ?BBABY. Receipts for past year, £lls. Ob. lOd.; balance from, last year, £17 Os. lOd.; total, £28 Is. Bd. Expenditure, £9 2s. 3d., leaving * balance in hand of £16195. SoL Arrears, £4145. 6d. Pre sent number of subscribers, 18. . , ENDOWMENTS OF THB SEE. The Key. S. Gbeen asked the Dean whether he knew the nature and value of the endow ments of the See, and whether he would lay the information l>efore Synod. The Vicab-Gbnbbal said the Dean and Chapter had not been made acquainted with these endowments, though he considered that they should have been. These endowments had been managed by the Bishop through his own agent, who was able to give information, but who would not of course feel justified in giving that information without the Bishop's permission. The only actual informa tion be could give was from statistics published for the Philadelphia Exhibition. It was stated in tiie Australian Churchman, on he had reason \- to believe good authority, that the income of the See was £I*2oo at that time. He thought ;it within the province of the Synod to ask the , information, and he believed the Bishop would ' give it. His advice was that they should ask the Bishop for the information, and he as head of the Chapter would support the request. In reply to Canon Fabk, the Vicar -Gbnebaj. said the endowment was vested in the Dean and Chapter, but they knew .nothing about it. After an expression of opinion that the subject could be better dealt with in His Lordship's presence than in his ab sence, the subject dropped. rxoiumos of chhistian knowledge. * The Bey. A. Sells proposed "That a Com mittee be appointed for die purpose of estab lishing a South Australian Branch of the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge." Air. Geo. W. Ha\tkbs seconded, and Mr. C. B. Young, Dr Dendy, the Eev. F. T. Whitington, Canon Coombs, the Bey. H.ftLPollitt, and others supported the motion* The interest the Society in England had consistently shown in the South I Australian diocese was admitted, aud it was urged that it would only be fulfilling a duty to establish a branch Society here. The motion was carried. • CHEBCH OF ENGLAND ENDOWMEKT POCICTV. Archdeacon Maubyat moved—"That this Synod authorises the Standing Committee to act on its behalf in all matters connected with the Church of England Endowment Society, and requests that the Society will carry into effect rale 7 of the said Society, which provides that the actual distribution and application of the net annual income shall be in the discre tion of the Diocesan Synod, any rights which the Synod may have under the same rule being reserved." He explained that the originators of this Fund intended that in its expenditure the Synod should have a voice, but a question hadaruen between the Directors of the Fund and the Synod, as to whether the latter should have any control over its expenditure. The Key. S. Guf.ks said the point was whether the Synod should have or should not have a voice in the expenditure of all the income of the Society. At present the Synod only recommended certain churches for endowment, instead of which the recommendation should come from the So ciety to the Synod in writing, and the distribution and application of the funds ' should be decided afterwards. This fund was at first met with a deal of jealousy ' and fear lest the fond should be only a Bishop's fund, which the Bishop could do as he pleased with, irrespective, practically speaking, of what ever "the Church members might consider. The Bey. H. M. Poixrrr supported, pointing out that some Churches thought the clergy had a kind of Fortnnatis Purse into which they could dip; that there werefundsof which the laity knew nothing. It would be far more satisfactory if the members of the Church could have all the necessary information as to Church funds. Mr. G. W. Haw&es;, «s one of the Directors of th ' Endowment Fund, .contended that as much in foimation as could be fairly expected was con tained in the balance-sheet. It was not always possible to give all the particulars of their incoire, but the^ were given as far as pi act icable. Votes had been made by the Society, on the recommendation of the Diocesan, for outfits, &c; all expenditure was accounted for; there was no mystery in the matter. He assured the Synod that the Directors of the Fund were simply actuated by a desire to benefit the Church. Mr. O. B. Young pointed out, in answer to ibe Key. Mr. Pollitt, that the fullest information of the Church revenues was given in the balance-sheet before tbem. Sir. BLE. Downer said this discussion would do good, as itwo-ild draw the attention of tbe Directors of the Endowment Fund to their actual position. At present it seemed that tbe Endowment Directors said what should and what should not be done without the voice of the Synod bein^ heard at all. He was not quite clear that tbe Directors should not pay the funds to the Synod. The Synod was to distribute the money, and it was p ovided at tbe same time that they should offer a recommendation as to the investment of the money. The Vicae-Geneeal said he be lieved the real cause of tbe discontent was the fear that as at all times the Bishop as President had tbe ear of the Directors of the Society, if he was disposed to recommend an application of he funds which the Synod might not approve of he would have the power of making that ap plication, which was clearly notthe intention of ! the pnmoters. Mr. Hawkbs said the Bishop had no more power than he was entitled to by virtue of his position as President and his knowledge of the Diocese. The motion was carried turn, con., and a Committee was ap pointed as follows:—Archdeacon Dove, Dr. Dendy. Messrs. G. W. Hawfces, F. A. Grant, and W. S. Douglas. nEPEESENTATTVESTO GENERAL STKOD. The following were appointed representatives to the General Australasian Synod :—Clergy— Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Farr, Bey. S. Green, Bey. E. T. Howell; emergency men, Archdeacon Dove and the Bey. Ar. B. Andrews. laity—Messrs. O. B. Young, H. E. Downer, G. W. Hawkee, Hon. N. Blyth, Mr. J. Williams; emergency men, Mfwirs. Grant aud W. Barlow. TOTAL ABSTINENCE LEAGUE. A communication was received from the Committee of the South Australian Total Absti nence League, stating that it had beeu a source of pleasure to witness the inauguration of a Temperance Society under the auspices of the Church of England in the colony, and asking tbe Synod to devote a portion of then- delibera tions to tfie consideration of how far they could aid in the promotion of sobriety amongst the people, and the protection of the Lord's Day from desecration by Sunday traffic. A Com mittee was appointed to prepare a reply. There being no notices of motion, it was decided that any business left incomplete by the Synod should be referred to the Standing Committee. Tbe Vicar-General thanked the members of the Assembly for their forbearance displayed towards himself, and closed tbe Synod with the benedicticn. 