•— ' V. — - Punch's Guide to Old Age. THOSE who wish to remain upon this round About world cannot do better than follow the following advice, given gratis without a ghost of a smile upon our benevolenteountenance :— . Rise at three o'clock in the morning, spring, summer, autumn, and winter, have an ice bath, take half-a-pint of pure Epsom salts, use the dumb-bells for three-quarters-of-an-hour, and then go for a brisk walk until breakfast time. For breakfast take hard boiled eggs, a salad without dressing made of the tops of radishes, and a day before yesterday's bun without currants. Bead the Age through, from the title to the publishers' imprint, and commit to memory the leading article. Take a walk down Bourke- street, and make mental notes of the state of society; never wink at anybody, it weakens the eyes. For luncheon take three slices of dry toast, a bumper of soda water, and "then retire to your sofa to dream half a happy hour away. Before dinner go in for recreation—either play at dominoes for six cough lozenges a game, or amuse yourself by building houses with a pack of cards. For dinner, substitute gruel for soup—if really fond of fish you may lake a sardine twice a week. Avoid the indigestible beef and mutton and partake of a veal cutlet. Puddingsand pies must be strictly avoided. Wine must not appear upon the table or disappear from the decanter. At the termination of this, -the meal of the day, take a walk down Collins-street and refresh your mind by looking at the youth and beauty of Melbourne, but whatever you do, do not wink. When the sun sinks in the glorious east and all are hastening to enjoy themselves at the theatres and the ball room, go you home, and after indulging in some thin bread and butter, oiy instead of butter, jam upon festive occasions, readsomething light in the way of literature, say "Fox's Martyrs," and before the clock has chimed the hour of ten retire to your virtuous couch. Never by any means invite a friend to spend an evening with you. Live in your chambers as a modern Robinson Crusoe, a monarch of all you survey. By strictly adheriug to these rules, you will doubtless live to a green old age—in fact a very green old age—and go down to the grave, not bothered with a host of mourners ; and not having enjoyed the pleasures of life in the slightest, you will have not the any silly compunction in leaving it. Unloved, unpitied, and soon forgotten, your many years will have passed like a dream or a nightmare. If there can be any one found to write your epitaph, we should suggest that it would be—Hooray, here's a happy release. 