THEWAE IN NEW CALEDONIA. (From our Special Vagrant Commissioner.) NO. 2. I told you in my last that I had made up my mind to stick to the Commissariat Waggon and pump the soldiers and convicts, and I have most religiously kept to my determination. On the 3rd instant the troops were under fire ; I was not with them " you bet " — a favourite expression of my friend Lincoln by the way — Lieutenant rrappez toJd me one man was hit m his left whisker, but at mess time there were some hundred said to have been shot, which brought to mind those favourite lines by my quondam acquaintance, the late Dr. Watts, " Three Blind Mice." After taking an extra glass of kirscliwasser— excellent poison 1 tell you — I recited this poem to the company, and brought tears into the eyes of all but that intolerable jokist, Cnpt. de Follie Joux. Wendling— I always call him so— has promised me "great events " in a few days, and, as I suppose that means close quarters and the Canaques bowling about me, I'm off to a safer location. And, as a commissioner for your valuable journal, it would be really a work of supererogation for me to stand a risk of witnessing these encounters with my own eyes ; for can I not, as is my wont, gather news from the survivors, and take a quiet and safe look at the scene of the late carnage and destruction ? I am always well armed with 4 revolvers, 1 blunderbuss, 2 torpedos, and a long knife, Ac. I always carry two bags round my waist, one con taining greenbacks and the other pigtail (colonial), so by a careful distribution of these luxuries I obtain all the information I or you require from soldiers or sailors. Dr. Loussonaru, to whom I have taken a great fancy, — he is a distant connection of mine I find bv my great grandmother's aunt's cat — in writing to a very old brother officer of mine, Marshall McMahon, thus writes about your Vagrant Commissioner : — " He goes about all day like a cat on hot cinders, rushing here and there, suddenly stopping, retreating, and again advancing, and finally making a dart to the nearest body of armed outposts or convicts. He takes all kinds of notes, and has a marvellous aptitude for displaying his appreciation of la cuisine Franchise —espe cially roast beef — while his powers of suction are simply marvellous." I think it would have been better if the last sentence had been omitted. But McMahon won't mind it. The colonel and the other officers are all jolly good fellows, and won't take a greenback for all I consume— handsome, isn't it ? I object, of course, accepting, Ac. , Ac. ; but needs must when the Vagrant Commissioner travels for the good of society. Wendling — he and I are quite thick now — isn't up to much as a military tactician, as / think ; in fact, I had to give him a few hints as to his future course of action, for which he thanked me, and weepingly presented me with a lock of his hair— the only one, by the way, on his head. I met the son of a very old and esteemed friend of mine in the old country, named Murphy ; he — the father- is of Italian birth, and his son named Pat for shortness — his father's Christian name was Patlirick O'Flahertv— stands 8 ft. 7 in. in his boots and spurs. I know the Echo or S. M. Herald will have a leader or two on the impossibility of this being a fact ; and John Davies may move a motio n of censure on the Government in consequence ; but never mind, Mr. Punch, you know my birth and education would prevent my jeopardizing the veracity of your "Vagrant Com missioner." By the way, you have a Special Correspondent here, I see ; I have seen the fellow, and given him a hint or two, and let him look over my notes and " copy ; " so, if there is any similarity in the record of events here, you know the reason why. Of course, we have no female society here ; so, to make up for that loss, we worship the portrait of the wife of a colonist near Bouloupari. Our chief amusement after mess is to hand it round and drink to her health with three times three each time. The Canaques believe we are practising our war-cry ; so it serves its pur pose, you see. That everlastingly funny soldier of Burgundy has looted a set of false ringlets belonging to some lady who has left for Sydney. He has actually asked me to advertise it in the Protestant Standard, Sydney. But I would not hurt the lady's feelings. He keeps these curls on the top of a great tabu captured by him in | single combat — rather cruel, don't you think ? I wish I had some ; stirring deeds of war, bloodshed, and fire to send for the enjoyment of your readers ; but when I hear of any I'll spice them up a bit for I you. I forgot to mention the fact that the spur of the mountain, on | which I should have given up the ghost on my first morning's ramble, had it not been for my two convicts — very good fellows, by-the-way — who generously stuck to me, has been named after me. Captain de Joux vows he'll have my head cut on the highest pinnacle, and my name and titles inscribed in letters of brass. I told him "No A tabu is a carved pole with the figure of a man carved on it, and adorned with shells and feathers and put at the entrance of a village to warn awaj- out siders. I will endeavonr to bring it with me as a trophy.) need for brass and he apologetically, though slyly, observed, " Per haps not." As I am writing I hear shots here ; the " great event," may be, promised to me by Wendling, and I am here. Oh, horrible ! | — another shot ! Oh, law ! I'm off. j P. S. — A cessation of shots, thank Heaven ! If I get safe out of this and save my scalp, I'll come straight home. More firing ! j Where will I get ? Vag. ; 