THE RECENT DEATH AT PORT LINCOLN. In view of the evidence transmitted to us by telegram and published in Tuesday's Register the finding of the Coroner's Jury at the inquest held on Monday at Port .Lincoln in reference to the death of Sarah Lowe seems utterly incomprehensible. It appears that late on Saturday night the unfortunate woman presented herself in a state of intoxication at the hut of a man named Thomas Bascomb. She was ordered out and went and sat on a log near the house. Some time afterwards Bascomb's wife saw her husband in the moonlight stoop several times and throw something in the direc- tion of the woman. Alarmed at what was happening, the wife went to the house of a neighbour, but failing to make any one hear she returned, and found Lowe 'fast in the wood, with her head down and apparently dead.' Subsequent examina- tion proved that she was dead, and the testimony of several witnesses, given with more or less distinctness of detail, was that she had been struck by a piece of wood thrown by Bascomb. Such was the statement of Mrs. Bascomb at the time ; such was the statement of her little son. to a neigh- bour whom he had been sent to call ; and such was the statement of her daughter to Mr. Henry Wright, a resident It was further deposed that Bascomb himself admitted that he believed he had killed her, and a piece of sheaoak about a yard long was exhibited as the article which had inflicted the deadly wound. The evidence given by Dr. Parker, who con ducted the post-mortem examination, was that on the left side of the deceased's head the bone had been laid bare by a triangular lacerated wound ; that another had been inflicted beneath the poll of the head, reaching towards the loft ear for a distance of three inches ; and that a third was visible in another place. None of these wounds extended through the skull, but there had been extensive bleeding ,nto the surrounding tissues, and death had been caused by syncope, resulting from haemorrhage. In the doctor's opinion the wounds had not bean caused by any projectile thown at the deceased, but by direct blows with a blunt instrument. Mrs. Bascomb is said to have given contradictory evidence, and both she and her husband were at the time of the occurrence under the influence of liquor. With the testimony which we have thu3 summarized before them the Jury returned the verdict that 'the deceased came to her death by wounds inflicted on her head, but there is not sufficient evidence to prove by whom.' The difficulty apparently raised by the medical evidence can easily be disposed of. It is in the first place a mere matter of opinion, and in tho next it is really not material to the principal issue, whether the wounds which caused Sarah Lowe's death were inflicted directly or by any thing thrown at her. Furthermore, how ever inconsistent in matters of detail Mn Bascomb's evidence may have been, it is in the main point borne out by her own actions and words as testified to by the other witnesses. Accepting her statement, it is established beyond question that Bascomb threw wood at the deceased, and had the opportunity during her absence to other wise illtreat her. Whether he did so or not would seem a mere matter of conjecture, and it would be manifestly unfair in such a eerious case to presuino the worst against him. Still, taking the most favourable view of the fact3, the conclu sion to us appears irresistible that a diffe rent finding should have been arrived at. Let it be remembered that the woman at one period of the evening wa3 alive and merry, and, so far as ctji be judged, without any marks of ill-usage upon her. A few hours later she was found dead covered with wounds, which if not fatal in themselves have boen pronounced by a medical man to ba tho proximate cause of death. Upon what possible view of the. evidence could the Jury justify to themselves a verdict which let Bascomb go free 7 Granted that all the people more closely concerned were, as they seem to have been, in a state of] beastly intoxication: granted that there is evidence of an unkindly 'feeling existing bat ween BascomT3andhi8wife;granted,inshort, that the depositions do not sustain a charge of murder or even of manslaughter of a very heinous type, the interests of justice demand that further enquiry should be made into Bascqmb'a connection with the tragedy, and nothing would have ensured that better than his committal for trial. As;it is, matters cannot bo pJlowed to remain where they are. It is still open to the authorities to take action, arid' It is due to 'Bascomb as well-aa to the public that this 'should be done. The man despite the.verdict lies under the stigmaof havingcavseil Sarah Lowe's death. If he has done so he should be punished for his crime ; if he has not his character should fee vindicated by due process of law. ' ? ' . ? Legislative Cochcii. EtEcnoxs. — Mr. O. B. Young is a candidate for the Legislative Council. BB« address appears in to-day's paper. Passexgees peb thb Acokcaoca.— The fol lowing passengers are booked to leave the colony by the Aconcagua, which leaves the Semaphore for England on Thursday, August 15:— Second cabin— Mi*s Ada HUL Steerage — Mr. T. Pol warth, Mrs. H. Hogwooi and infant Mwa M. A. Thompson, aad lira. Levy and three childreni and eight ir. the open berths. Tee How. W. Bctfibld.— Tha Hon. J. FUner is to move oa the 2lst of Augast for a further leave of uinenc* for 'the Hon. W. Duffield, win is ill. Bun-ma k Fahuaxhxt.— In the House of awembly on Tuesday the Treasurer threw out a lAallengetohispredeoBMorinoffiee which itbto be hoped will rwralt in Mr. Ross ridding himself rf the ' mental aberration' with regard to tha Inaneea with which he is unfortunately afflicted. llr. Boucaut, in «p«aking o£ the pointe of iifference between the other bon. gentlem»n wd himself, stated that he would be willing to tubmit the questions to Mr. Tomkinsou, and if it wis beld that he was wrong, not only would he pay the cost of the arbitration but ho would give £10 to any charity that might bo idected. Mr. Boss eagerly accepted the chal lenge, and the contest will no doubt soon begin. Clerk of this Licessma Bexch.— The Hou, T. Carr has given contingent notice that on tbe ?ocsideratiou of the Estimates he will move ;hat the item 'Clerk of Licensing Bench, E140' be struck out. Jockbt Cixb News. — 'Weights for the Handi caps of the Jockey Club were declared on luesday, August 13, and nominations made for the Two-year-old Stakes, St. Leger,an4 Derby oE next year. The Melbourne nominations, in tbo rase of the latter races, were not to hand when Mr. Coatee's office closed. Theatre Rotai.— There was a grod atten dance last night at the Theatre, but not so largo & one as tho merit* of the performance deserved. ' Macbeth' was repeated for the last time, and Mr. Creswick was well sHpportei by Messrs. Holloway, Martin, Reynolds, and Mi*s Carry George. Locke's musio was crediUb'y given, and Misa Lottie ^Graham reci=m-.l an encore for her excellent singing in the p^Vt of Hecate. This evening the 'Merchant of Venice' will be produced. Kafukda Hospital.— The local paper states that at the meeting of tho Board on Thursday evening an offer (which was accepted with thanks) was received from the Hon. J. Pearce to supplement to the extent of 25 per cent, all amounts raised within the Corporation daring the next twelve months in aid of the Hospital. Chbittian Discipi.bs. — Mr. M. W. Oreen, Evangelist, from Melbourne, will preach this evening in the Christian Chapel, Grote-etreet ? ' Gusraia IssirrtrrH.— A crowded and fa»hiaw able audience assembled iu the hall of the Insti tute last evening to bear tho Rev. Charles Clark deliver his lecture on ' Westminster Abbey' in Bid of the Building Fund. It was stated that after deducting all expenses more than £20 would be cleared by the venture. Hunt Cixb Races. — We are desired to state that the whip presented to the Hunt Club Races in the Volunteer Cnp event should appear as having been presented by Mr. W. K. Scarborough, &nd; not by Scarborough and Genery, as advertised. Stbangb Pbocebdino.— A cowardly trick was practised on the North-road between Qepp'n Cross and Eufield on Tuesday night, August 13, which had it not been bright moonlight would have beeh the means of a very serious accident. A number of thick rails or saplings were laid across the crown of the road right in the track of vehicles, and the obstructions were only noticed by some gentlemen who were driving towards town just in time to allow them to turn their horses' beads aud avoid the trap placed there. As they passed the spot two or three men who were skulking behind the fence at tho side of the road sprang up and called out somo thing, but what they said was not intelligible. Their actions, however, led tho travellers to a'sume that they ineaut something mare than mere Uiischief. Life Assueancb Society — A branch office of the Australian Widows' Life Assurance Society, Limited, has been established in Adelaide. Hitherto the business his been curried on through an agency, but there being a largo number of members in this colony tho Mel bourne directorate decided to form a lo:al Bo »rd here with full power to carry on the business t.f the Society. They have therefore seoured effiees for that purpose in this city, and Mr. Gavin F. Gardner has been appointed ll«si leat Secretary. Further particulars will be foual in cur business columun. Teatekb Gxtllt Kaiuvat.— On Tuesday the Commissioner of Public Works introduced iu the House of Assembly a Bill to authorize tho construction of a railway from Dry Creek to Teatree Gully. In asking for leave to bring in tho measure he meutionod that one of i's objects was to enable Port Adelaide to be more easily supplied with stone. Mr. Ward, who for some time has bad a motion with a similar object ou the Notice-paper, expressed his opinion that tho line was very necessary, not so much for tho reason mentioned by Mr. Hawker, hut princi pally because of the facilities it would g^e to farmers in the district to send their produce to tlie Port The liue is of course to bv ou tbo wide gauge. The mils are to be of stetl, of not less than 50 lbs. to the yard. White's Boohs. — Tbe second appearance of liainford's Ghost and Comedy Cum pmy was made iu White's Rooms on Tuesday evening before a large audience. Tho previous evening's programme was repeated nnd the various per formers were well received. Tho figures were much more distinct than on Monday evening end the various arrangements seemed to be in better working order. Bcildihq Stoke fob PonT Adhlaidb. — A meeting of gentlemen interested in securing a quarry for supplying building stone for Port Adelaide was hold at the Wellington Inn, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, August 13. There was a large attendance of persons interested in the building trade, and Councillor Cleave pre sided. The Chairman reported that since tha last meeting Councillors Honey and K»nn had inspected tho property adjoining tho Dry Creek Quarries which had bepn referred to at a pre vious meeting, and had secured it for quarrying purposes. It was decided to form a Company at once with a capital of £500 in £1 shares to work the property, the Company to be called tho Port Adelaide and Suburban Stone Quarry Company. Promoters were appointed to draw up a prospec tus. This Company will meet a want that has long been felt at Port Adelaide, for under the existing s*ite of things it is not an unusual thing for builders there to be at a standstill for want of this class of material. Meeting at Wirrabara. — A public meeting was held at Starr's Hotel, Wirrabara, on the evening of August 10 for the consideration of various district matters, but principally of the question of a road through Back Creek to Port Germein. Mr. James Milne, J.P., was voted to the chair. Mr. Myers proposed the first resolu- tion, to the effect that this meeting is gratified to learn that a sum of money has been placed on the Estimates to construct the Back Creek road. The motion was seconded by Mr. Grigg and carried, the only dissentient being Mr. K. Mahood, who opposed the making of the road, as it would cause a waste of public money, and proposed an amendment to that effect, but it was not seconded. The motion was supported by Mr. Walford and others. Mr. Becker pro- posed — ''That Government be requested to make the road at once, that it may be ready for the coming narvest.'' He referred to the dis- advantages suffered by farmers in Booleroo and adjoining hundreds in having to cart their wheat over bad roads to Gladstone. Ho also stated that he would like to see another port in opposition to Port Pirie, that farmers might reap the benefit of competition and get a better price for their wheat. He considered that the Port Adelaide price should be obtainable at Port Pirie. Mr. Ferguson seconded, and the motion was earned, Mr. Mahood being again the only opponent. Mr. Becker then moved— ''That a deputation be appointed to wait on the Commissioner of Public Works, and that the members for the district be requested to accompany the deputation'' Carried. Messrs. A. B. Murray, J.P., H. M. Smith, J P., and the Chairman were appointed, together with Mr. G. Fuller, to form the deputation. After some reference had been made to the matter of a public school and cemetery, the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Boat Accident.— The Y. P. Advertiser re- ports that on Sunday. August 11, two men started from Moonta Bay in a boat for a sail, and that when they were opposite Port Hughes a squall caught the boat and capsized it. Both men swun ashore, a distance of about a mile, and we believe the boat has since been recovered, so that the accident resulted in nothing more than a good ducking for the men. ArSTOALABIAX PlATK-GlAES IK31?IIANCB CoM pakt. — We are informed . that this Company have withdrawn their agency from this colony, and that the South Australian Plate-Glass Insu nnce Company have taken over their risks. GovEEjnrEWT Tbkdbbs— The Government arc advertising for tenders for tbe construction and erection of cranes, &c.;, at the North fQi'M Btnd Wbaif. WT **?* mm Chixdees's Hospttai.— A meeting of tha Committee of the Children's Hospital was bell oa Tuesday, August 13. There was a good attendance, and His Excellency the Acting Governor presided. Apologies for non-attendance we; e received from Mesdames Carter, Campbell, and Fred. 'Wright, and from Mr. Goyder. The Treasurer (Mr. Phillipson) reported that tha total subscriptions amounted to £1,531 16s. 9J. and the balance on the deposit account to credit at interest was £3,350. The amount paid in was £91 lla. Sd., and the amount paid oat £603, leaving a balance on credit account ot ±'416 7s. Sd. The total amount to credit was £3.768 7s. Sd. The Building Committal's report stited that the -work was being carried out iu a m-.st satisfactory manner. The Chairman thought that it w.-ts time the Furnishing Com mittee hfceuM take immediate action, as the bu Idinz would scon be finished. After dis cussion 'it was decided that Mrs. Cultou should be convener of the Committee. Mrs. Fred. Wright in her letter of apology suggested that at an early date the numbers of stalls for the bazaar acd the n^mes of tho persons who would receive subscriptions should be brought before the public. Sirs. Col ton moved — 'That an advertisement ^onld be inserted inviting con tributors to the bazaar and mentioning the names of fix lacks from, each stall.*1 An aieenikaenS suggestiug that the names of three fruin each st all should be inserted was carried. An application was received from Willl-un Addison, asking for permission to take the cottage belonging to the IIoej..it;il on condition t at his wife kept it clean. Referred to Dr. Campbell snd the Treasurer. Ttc names of Sirs. Cornish as representing Glenelg and Sirs Charles Jacobs as representing the Jewish ladies were added to the Bazaar Committee. Dr. Campbell thought every effort should be made to make the concert to be given ou behalf ef the Hospital a success. He suggested that as His Excellency would be one of the first to welcome Lady Jervois to the colony he might take an early opportunity of requesting her patronage at their concert. A motion to that effect was carried unanimously. Dr. Campbell ?was authorized to see the architect in reference to the lithographed plans of the institution, which had not yet been received. CosntEBCiAi. Bask of South Acsthaua.— \ very largely- attended meeting of shareholders i a this new banking corporation was held at the Town Hall llefreshmeut Rooxn on Tuesday, August 13. The Hon. K. A. Tarlton presided. The Chairman said he had great pleasure in inform icg the shareholders present that a preliminary meeting of the promoters of the new Company liad bten held at White's Rooms on June 28, when, to the surprise and gratification of every one concerned, r.o less than 17,000 shares were applied for. At that meeting it was decided that nil shares then applied for should be allotted iu full, and that application for the balance of Hfiarcs should be received up to July 10. On the first and second days on which the list was oftii about 40,000 shares were applied for, and at the time the list wa3 closed applications for r27,6S4 shares had come in. These appli cations were forwarded from all pirts of the country, north, south, east, and west, so th.it the promoters were confi dent that the shares would be in the haniU of a large nnmber of persons who desired a per irantiit investment for their money. Of the money received from application and allotment calls £22,0X1 had been deposited at interest with the Bauk of AUtLiide; tha balance was deposited as au open accouat to the credit of the promoters. Suitable premises had been secured in King 'William-street — those lately occupied by Slussrs. Good, Toms, it Co. Tho building bad been inspected by Mr. Garlick, who reported that alterations could be made which would fit it for the purpose designed. In crdcr to have the share-list ia a proper state for the Directors' inspection, and that there should be no delay in issuing the scrip, a share clerk had been appointed. A Bill was being prepared to lay before Parliament for the pur pose of giving the necessary powers for incor porating the Company and carrying ou the busiueis. The promoters had held eleven meet ings, and he could testify from what he had himself seta at these meetings that -an earnest desire had been manifested to do the best that could be sug g sted for the benefit of the Company. The question of the qualification of Directors a*.d the nnmber of Directors was then con sidered, and it was decided that tho number should be five and that the qualification should be 200 shares, an amendment that the qualifica tion be ICO shares having bt-eii put and lost. The deed of settlement and the clauses of the articles of association were then considered seriatim, and with a few amendments were carried as proposed by the promoters. The nest business was the election of Directors and Auditors, and a3 there were more candidates proposed for both offices than were required the voting was conducted by ballot with the follow ing results: — For Directors Messrs. J. Beck, with 20,540 votes ; R. A. Tarlton, 19,730 ; A. Tennant, 16,050 ; F. A. Grant, 15.835 ; and J. C. Verco, with 15,455 votes, were elected ; and for Auditors Messrs. W. S. Douglas and Jas. Storrie, with 10,785 and 8,-Jo'5 votes respectively. The scrutiny, which was conducted by Messrs. G. W. Hankcs sad M. Salom, was not concluded until t early S o'clock. Wattle Bark. — There were laid on the table of the House of Assembly on Tuesday, August 13, on the motion of Mr. Kees, some returns showing the estimated quantity of bark used for ' home consumption' in the colony* and the total imports and exports dnring each of the last eleven years. The papers showed that about 420 tons of bark are annually used in the colony and that the exports and imports are about ten times as large. During 1S77 the rtturts showed that a total of 4,449 tons, valued at £31,3152, had passed through the Customs Department. In the previous year the value of the bark imported and exported was £54,105, and in 1575 £26,003. During the first year mentioned in the return— 1867— the quantity was 3,341 tons and the value £1S,294. In con nection with the returns a letter was laid on the table fiom Mr. H. L. J. Wilke, of Port Adelaide, who pointed out the 'wholesale destruction of forests' which he said had resulted from the ' pernicious plan' of allowing young wattles to be stripped of their bark. He said if allowed to remain a few years the tannic acid would be increased tenfold, and lie recommended that immediate steps should be taken to stop the stripping of sapling.1!, and that wattle reserves should be declared and let by tender, the suc cessful ten-Jerer being required to strip only trees of a certain age and in a particular mai.ntr, so that the full benefit of the whole of the bark might he obtained. Entsbtaismbst at Pout Adelaide. — An onjoyable ecttrtainraeat was given in tho Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday night, August 13\. by the scholars of the Port Adelaide School ou behalf of the funds of the Convalescent Home. Hh Worship the Major of Port Ade laide (Mr. D. Eowtr) presided, and commended the claims of tho Convalescent Home to the charitable public. The institution w:is founded by the late Hon. J. Hart, and had always been supported by voluntary subscriptions. The programme consisted of songs, ducts, recita tions, pianoforte performances, aud Christy minstrely, and was so well carried out as to tvoke.from the crowded andience of -repeated applause and several encores. Praise was felt . to be due to the trainers of the youthful per formers for thf-ir careful singing and spirited actions. Mr. Rudlonl, the assistant, led the toys iri siagiug, and ilr. Chirlton, papil teacher, the Christy minstrels. VrKGijrij Snow. — The annual. Show of the Virginia xVgricultural Society was held ia Mr. C.'Bit'gway's paddock, near that township, en Tuesday, August 13, and was iu maDy reflects a succe.*s, stock, implement*, dairy prodnef, and ploughing and digging matches being com prised it the list of attractions. The attendance of visitors from the city was especially goo I. and the dinner in tho everdes was wdl patronised. Tub 'Weatheb is thb North. — The Glare pnper states that slight but acceptable showers fell on Sunday last, which greatly refreshed the crops. Strong north winds, inclining to be hot, ?were experienced during the latter part of the week, which dried the ground aud caused some of the young wheat to fiag a little. The showars since have refreshed theyonng and tender plant, and a vigorous growth is being maintained. Thafhc os thb Poet Pihib Bultvat.— A return kid on the table of the House of Assembly on Tuesday shows that from the opening of the Port 1'irie and Gladstone Rail way t-e Jane SO, 1S7S, 67 tons had been con veyed by rail from Port Pirie to the George town crossing and 1,483 tons from the latter pLnci' to Port Pirie. Ciattox CHTB.cn, Kesskwion.— A tea and jubiic meeting will be held in the Clayton Church this evening. Etfissroa Uhitkd Methodist Freh Chcrch. ' — The opening services in connection with this Church will be continued this evening, when a tea and public meeting will be held in it. Db. Thomas's Couksh op Lectctees.— The first of a course of twelve public lectures on 'Elementary Physiology' was delivered by Dr. John Davies Thomas, in connection with the University of Adelaide, in the Lecture TMI of the Stow Church, on Tuesday night. There was a small attendance, bat not a few of those present had evidently been attracted in antici pation of gaining & dear insight into the sub ject, which the title warranted them in doing, while the major portion of the audience were unquestionably of the critical order. Ap parently much was expected, bat unfortunately little was realized. Yet this disappointing result was not caused by any want of preparation on the part cf the lecturer. So far from speaking ex tempore his lecture was all written, and he read from the manuscript ; besides which he had the walls covered with carefully prepared diagrams and other appropriate illustrations of his subr jtct. Nor was the matter of his discourse — so much of it at least as could be followed — in any wise irrelevant or wanting in interest to those who had previously threaded the intricacies of the study ; but his delivery was so rapid and the termination of bis sentences so inaudible that one-half of the lecture was literally lost to the andience. Doubtless this wiil be remedied when he delivers bis second lecture nest Tuesday, but it is to be feared that the had acoustic proper tits of the hall will prevent his bc-iiig heard per fectly even then. The lecture was of an intro ductory character to the series. He began by shewing the value of comparative anatomy as the chief factor in the study of physiology, ex plained whet is meant by ' natural laws,' and then proceeded to analyze the differences between 'living and not living mitters.' Coming nest to spontaneous generation and protoplasm, he narrated the prin cipjl successive discoveries that havo been made by physiologists dnring the past century, and described the position of the conflicting school.i of Professors Tyndall and Huxley at the present day. Then, after touching on the divi sion of labour and the differentiation of parts in living beings, he treated of the differences between plants and animals, the nature and construction of cells and the cellular tissue, the chemical composition of animal bodies, and con cluded by explaining the physical theories of life. Summing up the character of the lecture, it can scarcely be described as very successful from an elementary point of view; it needed the essential quality of being popularized in order to be thoroughly comprehended by all the audience, and it would be well to do so in treating the other lectures of the course. The subject of the nest lecture is 'The Human Frame.' 0bDFEix-yw3 of AcsTEALiA.— A meeting of officers and Past Grands of the Independent Order of Oddfellows of Australia in this colony was held on Monday evening, August 12, at Murray's Terminus Hotel, to consider the advisability of forming a Grand Lodge in con nection with the Order in this colony. The following officers and Past Grands were present : — D.D.G.M. of District No. 32, Bro. Hearne; D.D.G.M. of District No. 33, Bro. Leane ; Past Grands Bros. Jones, Ralph, Sutlon, F. Leane, Randell, Maufield, Tait, Jchnsou, Reeves, Richards, and Bateman. D.D.G.M. Hearne was voted to the chair, and P.G. Bro. Manfield voted Minnte Secretary. The Chairman briefly stated the object for which the meeting was called, namely, to consider the desirability of peti tioning the Right 'Worthy Grand Lodge of Aus tralia to grant a Grand Lodge charter for South Australia. The Order was in a very flourishing state, consisting of 12 Lodges numbering over SCO member?. They were consequently sending to the R.W. Grand Lodge large stuns of money for quarterly dues which he considered it would be to the advantage of the Order to keep in the colony and have the funds invested by a Grand Lodge for the benefit of the several Lodges. The majority of the brothers present also intimated their concurrence with the movement. D-D.G.M. Bro. Leane moved the following reso lution :—' That this meeting of Past Grands, Feeing the desirability of obtaining a Grand Lodge charter for South Australia, pledges itself to apply for same, and pledges the Lodge we represent to apply for a Grand Lodge charter immediately upon the probable cost being fur nished by the D.D.G.M. Bro. Hearne and approved by the members of this meeting.' Carried with one dissentient. Proposed by P.G. Bro. Reeves : — ' That a Committee be appointed, consisting of D.D.GJiL's Bros. He;\riie and Leone, and Past Grands Randell, Maufield, and the mover, to make enquiries as to the probable cost of office, printing, and other current expenses that would be incurred in carrying on a Grand Lodge, and report at the adjourned meeting.' Carried. A unanimous vote of thanks was tendered to DJXG.M. Bro. Hearne for the very impartial manner in which he had carried out his duties as Chairman ; also to P.G. Ero. Manfield, for acting as Secretary. Sorra ArsTEAxiAaSraDAY-ScHOOL Uniox.— The annual scholars' competitive examination in connection with this Union took place in Adelaide on July 18, the subject being u The Life of Daniel.' Two hundred and thirty-seven competitors presented themselves in three divi sions, and the examiners, who were the Rev. D. Paton, B.A., the Rev. R. S. Casely, and the Rev. J. McEwin, have now sent in their reports. The following are the names of the prizstakers : —Senior Division. — First prize, Joha White, Pirie-street Wesleyan School; second prize, Lizzie Dean, Stow Church School ; third prize, Minnie Dean, Stow Church School, and Ade laide Mollett, Pirie-street 'Wesleyan School. Middle Division. — First prize, Charlotte Hobba, Payneham 'Wesleyan School; second prize. Bertha L. Johnson, Archer-street Wealeyan School ; third prizes, Edith M. Goode, Stow Church School ; and Florence Deikin, Payne ham 'Wesleyan School. Junior Division — First prize, Ada Knight, Kent Town Wesleyan School; second prize, Morgan Merrick, Kent Town Wesleyan School ; third prize, Florence Goode, Stow Church School. Certificates to all competitors obtaining over CO per cent, of marks were also awarded : six to the Senior Division, 50 to the Middle Division, and 21 to the Junior Division. The prizes consist of books ranging in value from 10s. to 40s. Ladt Alice Mixixg Costpaxt. — The half yearly meeting of the Lady Alice Mining Com pany was held at the Institute, Gawler, on Monday night, August 12. There were present Mr. James Martin, J.P. (in the chair), all the Directors, aud a largo number of shareholders personally and by proxy. The Chairman in a few owning re marks moved the adoption of the balance-sheet and report of Directors. Mr. A. J. Woodman seconded, and the resolution was carried. Mr. H. Dean, a shareholder, mentioned that he had telegraphed to Sydney for information as to the cost of diamond-boring machinery, and he thought that it would be worth while to give a boring-machine a trial, so that the reef could be tested at various places and depths. An extraordinary meeting was held at S p.m., when the attendance was increased by several more of the shareholders. This meeting was called to consider the advisability of winding up the Company voluntarily, and if that was determined upon to pass a resolution to that effect, appoint liquidators and fix their re muneration, or to pass such other resolution as the shareholders might think fit. The Secretary read a petition from a number of the share holders of the Company requesting the Directors to withdraw the notice calling the meetiug for the purpose of winding up the Company, and the petitioners advanced the following reasORs in support of their memorial :— 1st, with the view of obtaining £5,000 reward from the Govern ment for the discovery of 5,000 ora. of gold; aud 2nd, to try and obtain a grant of £5,000 from the Government for the purpose of the further . development of the property. Mr. W. F. Wincey suggested that the Directors should give their individual opiaioa of the mine. Two Directors were not very sanguine as to the future of the mine, but the other two thought that they had a valuable property,: which would well repay them for all their outlay. Mr. H. Dean proposed, and Mr. A. J. Woodman seconded — 'That this meeting be adjourned to Monday, September 9, and that a deputation consisting of the members of the district and other persons interested in the development of the gold reefs of Barosss wait on the Hon. Commissioner of Crown Lands for the purpose of urging the Government to assist the Company by granting a. sum of money to procure the best boring machinery to test the Lady Alice reef to a depth of 1,000 feet, and that the Directors ascertain the cost of the best boring machinery.'' The motion was carried unanimously. A Committee, with power to add to their number, were appointed. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings. National ExHiBrnoJi at GsHtosq. — An exhibition will ba held early in October at Geelong under the auspices of the Geeloog and Western District Agricultural and Horticul tural Society and the Vistorian Department of Agriculture. Prizes to the value of £1,400 are to be offered. Crickbt Oval.— A meeting will be held this evening at the Stag Inn, Rondle-street, to con sider the desirability of forming a Cricket Oval for the Adelaide and Suburban Cricketing Association. Exhibition oj- Choice Goods. — There is now on view at the auction rooms of Messrs. Maurice Salom & Co. a large and varied assortment of English and French furniture ; also some fine full-toned pianofortes and walnut harmoniums by Alexandra and other makers, and 'a choice lot of porcelain and other goods. The appear ance of the rooms reminds one of a large and gaily decorated bazaar, and a pleasant half-hoar can be spent in viewing the various articles exhibited. The tale will take place 'hii morning. ESTKRTAIKMIXT AT NOHWOOD.— The USUal quarterly musical and literary entertainment in connection with the Norwoo \ Baptist Church Young Hen's Society was held in the Lecture Hall, Parade, Norwood, on Tuesday evening, August 13. There was a large attendance, and the Rev. H. J. Lambert took the chair. The entertainment, which consisted of songs, duets, recitations, &c;, passed off very successfully, the Bppl&use; being frequent and hearty during the course of the programme. Rapfit Comfakt'3 Meat.— The Kapunda Htrald has been informed by the Manager that by the Cnzco 41 ,7 60 lbs. of the preserved rabbit-meat ivaa shipped to London ; and 61,200 lbs. are now to be shipped by the Aconcagua, which sails on :he loth. The meat continues in fair demand in the old conntry. The Week's Lhjiigkatios and Esiigbation. — The number of persons who arrived :n the colony by sea during the week ;nded on Saturday, August 10, was 94, all -f whom came from Melbourne. The number vbo left by similar means during the same jeriod was 140. Of these six were for New south Wales and 134 for Melbourne. Sred- Sowbes.— Mr. W. J. Venning, of Crystal Brook, writes to say that tho paragraph we atracted from the Yorkers Ftninsula Advertiser, itating that the Judges of the North-AYestern Agricultural Society had given their verdict in 'avour of Mr. Hawke's sower over Messrs. Dobbie's, was incorrect. The statement should lave been to the effect that the verdict was in :avour of Messrs. Dobbie's sower. He says that :he Judges agree that both machines are gieat roons to the farmers, whose backs, arms, and legs they save, with the additional advantage :hat a larger area can be sown than under the -Id system. K OHTHEHN Rtrss. — The Xorthern A rgu$ writes : — ' The squatters on some of the runs in the Far North are sadly annoyed with native animals. Ihey consume so much of the feed that the runs will not carry nearly the number of sheep (hat they would otherwise. Wilpena, Appeal ina, Orrapariuna, and in fact all the hill country is overrun with euro and wallaby. They eat ap much of the grass, and unless effective m ans are used to destroy them they will become as great a pest to the equatters aa rabbits are to the agriculturists in some districts.' TnB Secbet Service.— Thi3 is (says the Kapunda Herald) tha name by which the volunteer movement should in future be known. It is generally supposed that publicity assists and benefits such movements as the oce now ander consideration; but it would se?m that the sapient heads of the force think otherwise, as we are informed (not, however, by any mem ber of the force) that on Saturday last a general order was read out to the Kapunda volunteers on the parade ground forbidding the members of the force to give any information relative thereto f3 the Press, stating that it was believed the officers of the force had done so in the past, and that it was not for the wellbeing of the force that this .should be continued. If anything had been supplied to the Press calculated to subvert discipline we could understand such a case being specially dealt with on its merits ; but seeing that as a n-le the information supplied has been of a nature beneficial to the force, we must enter our protest against such a monstrous interference with the liberty of the subject, which looks very much like a recurrence to the practices of the dark ages. We suppose the logical sequence to this move will be that persons connected with the Press will hence Forth be regarded ?.s ineligible to become volunteers. More rigorous measures could not be taken if the men were regulars. Kk. BoccAtrr's Pbofosed Income Tax. — The Australasian of August 10, writes : — 'To infuse in element of genial bonhomie into a Budget speech does not appear a very easy matter, but Mr. Boucaut managed to do it when making his financial statement the other evening at Ade laide. There was an air of pleasant good humour in the hon. gentleman's remarks which does not often associate itself with such a matter as taxa tion. On the point of tariff reform Mr. Boucaut would not promise any present change. At a time when tke New South Wales Government was devising a plan of a Customs Union, and Queensland was waiting to concur in it, if possible, he thought that South Australia should wait too. But if he is in office next session he engages either to reform the tariff for the purpose of forming a Customs Union, or to reform it on its own merits. For the present he says, in his homely, colloquial style : — ' I am willing to reform to any extent if you show me how to pay the creditors of the country, but you cannot show me how to strike off £100,000 with the view of altering the incidence of taxation, and relieving the working man of the sole burden you state he has to bear, without increasing ray deficiency to £260,000; and therefore I say to you, as business men, before you ask me to take off anything, show me wliat you will give me to. the good, and in proportion to your determination to carry out a reform of the Customs tariff do you show me how to recoup the revenue in another respect.1 At the same time he believes that the people of the country and the members of that House strongly desire the Government to introduce taxation, but as it must not be put on the Customs, as the Customs duties must rather be diminished than increased, there is no resource but to resort to direct taxation. Therefore, considering that the wealthier classes do not contribute a fair share of the taxation of the country, he proposes an income tax of six pence in the pound on incomes derived from property, and three pence in the pound on in comes derived from trade or professional wark ; the minimum of taxation to be £200. Whether all of Mr. Boucaut's address and tact will avail to render acceptable the bete noire of an ircome tax remains to be seen.' Scuixisc Racb et AiiEnicA. — The Au^tra lasian says: — 'A sculling match took place on the 15th May last at Toronto, between Edward Hanlan, of that city, and Fredk. Plaisied, of New York, for S1.000 aside. The former, it will be remembered, claims to be champion of America, and is the same sculler that some time since accepted Trickett's challenge, which appeared in BtWs life in London, but which wss repudiated by the Sydney man as spurioos. Tiie report of the race states that as Hanlan was unsteady at starting, the New Y»rker, who is very quick from the scratch, got away with a lead, rowing 33 a minute, which he held for a quarter of a mile ; ' the Canadian's steady, powerful sweep of 23 to the minute, pulled through clean and hard from catch to finish, began to tell.' When a quarter of the distance had been rowed Hanlan began to gain gradually, never vary ing his shoke, and evidently pulling with considerable reserve power. At the end of the first mile the Toronto man had placed a gap of nearly three lengths between the boats, and Lad little trouble in keeping at that respectful distance from his opponent to the end of the race, 'achieving one of the easiest conquests that ever elated an oarsman/ He received a great ovation on returning to his quarters. Plaisted was much admired for the plucky way in. which he pulled a hopeless stern race, and was presented with, a cheque for S50, and the winner was afterwards presented with a gold medal in recognition of his prowess. Exd of Asciext Waemoes.— Of all the mighty heroes that have been praised by poets, and to whom statues and monuments have been erected, how few have come to a timely end. Cyrus the Great had his head cut off by a woman, who threw it into a vessel filled with blood. Miltiades, who commanded the Athenians at Marathon, was condemned to death, but died in prison. Paosauias, who slew 300,000 Persians, was starved to death in the Temple of Minerva. Themistocles, who destroyed the fleet of Xerxes, died in exile. Epaminondis was condemned as a traitor. Philip of Maeedon was assassinated. His son, Alexander the Great, was cat off ia the thirty-second year of his age ; supposed to have been poisoned. Pyrrhus, one of the greatest captains, fell by the hinds of a woman. Hannibal poisoned himself. Sciplo died in exile. Mithridates fell upon his own sword. Antiochus was murdered by nis fol lowers. Perseus was carried captive to Rome and died in prison. Scipio the Younger wa3 murdered in his bed. Cinna waa assaasioaied by one of his officers. Marius died through excessive drinking, Crassus was treacherously put to death. Pompey was murdered. C«ar was assassinated by his most intimate frienls. Brutus, Cassius, and Anthony fell on their swords. Of the twelve Casars, nine suffered a violent death. i Gbeat Fikb is Ahbeica.— The San Fran cisco correspondent of the Argus, under date July 7, writes : — ' The extensive pork-packing establishment of Charles H. North & Co., in Somerville, by the side of the Fitchburg Rail way, was totally destroyed by fire on the 16th June. The fire broke out about half-past 10 o'clock in the building at the north-east corner of the works, and in half an hour from the time of discovery four acres of buildings, ranging in height from two to six stories, were wrapped in flames and soon were entirely consumed. No attempt could be made to save any of their contents, and the entire stock, consisting of large quantities of lard, dressed hogs, 2,500 live hogs, hams, glue, coopers* materials, and very valuable machinery, was a total loss, aggregating in e mount, as roughly estimated, somewhere between $600,000 and S700.000. Four dwelling houses were also burned, besides eight freight cars, and considerable damage was done te the Fitchburg railway track. Nothing can describe the rapidity with which the fire ran along, owing to the highly combustible nature of tiie material upon which it fed. The buildings were mostly built of wood, and the floors and seams were in many places soaked full of fat and oil. The flames leaped from roof to roof, darted fiercely from window to window, burst oufthrough the sides of the buildings in vast sheets, while the crowds of people who quickly thronged about stood looking at the spectacle fairly fascinated. In less than half an hour from the time the fire wa* first discovered every building on the premises was either a smoking ruin or in flames. In an hour every thing was flat upon the ground, and all further danger was over.1* A YorraFtn. Critic. — ' The' rising generation ire developing precocious critical faculties,' fsays the World). ' At Covent.Garden the other uight I heard a well-known composer ask a young lady of twelve summers how she enjoyed the opera, ' Der Freischutz.' * Well,' was the reply of the short-petticoated connoisseur — ' well, the devils are very good, but they don't quite compensate one for the bad singing.' ' A Cozomal Aristocracy.— Amemberofthe Ta$manian House of Assembly (remarks the Australasian) became out of patience the other day with the fa miliar clap- trap about the ' rights of the people' and the tyranny of an 'aris- tocracy,' which constitute nine-tenths of tke stock-in-trade of our mob agitators of the Sir Bryan OXoghlen pattern. Mr. Douglas, re plying to some remarks of Mr. Balfe in the debate on the Electoral Bill, said, ' He talked about the rights of the people ! Who were the people? They had sH risen from the people. Talk of the aristocracy and a democracy ! It was an absurdity. A man was a shopman or a tradesman to-day, and to-morrow he became a merchant, and a rich man, and then he became Premier. Yet you talk of an aristocracy. The aristocracy ! Why, it is enough to make one rcn from the conntry. I came here because I thought I should better myself, not expecting to become one of the aristocracy.' No doubt it must have surprised many nonest, industrious, thrifty men in these colonies, who have managed their business, er farms, or sheep stations well and successfully, to find them selves abused by a set of inflammatory stump orators as an ' aristocracy,' and to see that they are in some mysterious way no longer a part of the people, but their natural enemies. It is of course clear to every thinking olaservant person how all this comes about. If our political clap trap were the spontaneous outgrowth of our political life and social conditions it would have doubtless taken a different form. But it is pot a local product, but an Importation. It consists of the well-worn hackaeyed phrases of home country orators of the Chartist and pothouse type, and has from them descended to the Balfes, and Berrys, and O'Loghlens of the present day. As the phrases are ready to hand they must be used, and as we have not a privileged aristocracyto thunder against wliy one must be created for the purpose. Hence it is that many quiec unambitious men who only wanted, like Mr. Douglas, to get on fairly in the world, find themselves, to their surprise, converted into aristocrats and oligarchs and plutocrats of the deepest rye. ArsTBAxiAX Cha&fagxb.; — Some Australian champagne made by Mr. J. T. Fallon, of Albury, was tasted (writes the Argus of the 9th) by a number of gentlemen residing in Melbourne at the Union Club Hotel yesterday morning. The wine has been three years in bottle, and is made from the juice of the PineauAucarot and Tokay grapes. The wine was tested under rather un favourable circumstances, and it was only a week ago that it was uncorked for the purpose of letting off the sediment. When uncorked yes terday it showed plenty of effervescence, and the sparkle kept up for along time after the wine had been poured out. In taste it has a great deal of the champagne character, but is decidedly an Australian wine. M. L. Frere, who hss treated the wine from the first, explained that it might fairly be expected to improve for the next, foar years. The loss from breakage had been about 8 per cent, greater than the average in Europe, which might be accounted for by not having such good cellar accommoda tion as is usual in France, and by having used old bottles. About 24,000 bottles of this wine has been made, which will probably be placed on the Victorian market in a short time. Otstehs O !— The writer of the ' Zigzag Papers' in the Sydney Echo calls upon eTery lover of the luscious bivalves to rejoice and be gbd over a recent Gazette Extraordinary, whereby a number of our important oyster beds are shut up and closed for the space of one year, and remarks : — ' This is only as it should be, and the only extraordinary thing about it is, probably, that this closing power has not been sooner and more freely used. Within the re collection of still comparatively young Cockneys oysters were to be had in London at from four pence to sixpence the dozen in the season, and oyster shops and stalls were as common in Lon don as beggars. Now, to quote from one of G. A. Sala's recent 'Echoes of the Week,' the delicious bivalves are there sold at three shillings a dozen (!), and the excellent litterateur was looking forward with a watering mouth to the prospect of a run down to an oyster fishery, ' where oysters in the season can be ob tained at something like a reasonable cost.' Assuredly we have taken our precautions herein not any too soon; and when it is remembered how, comparatively speaking, very limited are our known sources of oyster supply we cannot well be too careful to preserve them.' The New Zealaxd Budget.— The Welling ton correspondent of the Melbourne Argus telegraphs to that paper as follows: — 'The financial statement which has been delivered by the Treasurer says that the present debt of the colony is' £20,900,000. The estimated revenue for the current year is £4,230,000 ; and the expenditure £4,190,000. The standard value of unimproved land is fixed at £1 per acre. Land worth £500 is not to be liable to taxation, but all lands above that value are to be taxed one halfpenny per acre; improve ments rot to be taxed. The land tax, with a tax on Joint-Stock Companies, is estimated to yield annually £100,000. From Januiry next the duties on grain, flour, maize, sago, bacon, ham, cheese, fencing-wire, and paints are to be abolished. The total amount of taxation remitted is £117,000. The imports to the colony show an increase of £496,000. and the exports an increase of £745,000. A motion has been tabled to make the Council elective by ballot of the Lower House.' Tee Eadtfaix. — The following are the quan tities of rain recorded during the 24 houw ending Tuesday, August 13. at 9 aja. . — Auburn ... 0330 Willunga ... -HM0 Riverton ... 0150 Nennanville ... 0050 Wallaroo ._ 0110 CapeBorda -. 0235 Kadina ... ™ 0110 Kingscote ~. 0240 Port Wakefield 0-030 Port Elliot ... 0-O1T Blanchetown._ 0040 Goolwa ... 0020 Tanunda ._ 0020 Kingston .- 0080 Mannum ... 0-040 Robe ? 0'070 Mount Pleasant 0-100 Penola ... (H60 Mount Barker QO08 | Millicent ... 0 300 Strathalbyn „ 0 020 | Mount Gambier 0 350 