AMONG THE GEYSERS. The Lower Hole Basin is another remark- able place in the National Park, though not equal to the upper one, from which it is separ- ated by a low divide. Still there are in it a great number of geysers exhibitiny an infinite variety of fine structure, appearance, and size, "some small, some large, meriting almost to be called little lakes, and containing vast volumes of boiling waters ; others mere cracks or fissures in surface, occasionlly ejecting air or lipuid, like the diminutive puffing holes one meets with on the seashore." Sometimes it is silica or flint that is deposited ; at other times iron, or silica and iron together; mixed in some cases with sulphur also. Old springs are here constanly dying out and new ones springing into life, and pine-trees standing near springs, coated with deposit, and yet in full life, show that the outbreak of these springs must be something of very modern date, Numerous bare patches in the forest indicated where springs and geysers once have been, and in many little lakes or ponds are buried the remains of extinct geysers. There are also various mud volcanoes in this basin. The Fire Hole River flows through the basin. Its waters are warm, and much appreciated in cold weather by flocks of geese and ducks. The whole of the riversides are "honeycombed and pitted with springs, ponds, and mud-pots, farrowed with boiling steams, gashed with chasms, from which issue hollow rumbling, as if great stones were rolling round and round or fierce, angry sparls and roars. The ground sounds hollow under foot. The track winds in and out among holes that puff sulphur flames, or squirt water at you ; by great caverns that reverberate hideously, and yawn to swallow you up, horse and all ; crosses boil- ing streams which flow over beds composed of a hard crust, coloured yellow, green, and red, and skirted by great cistern's of boiling, bub- bling, seething water. The crust feels as if it might break through at any moment and drop you into fire and flames, beneath, animals tread gingerly upon it. You pass a translucent lovely pool, and are nearly pitched into its hot azure depths by your mule, which vio- lently shies at a white puff of steam malici- ously spitten in its face through a minute fissure in the path. You must needs examine into that ragged-mouthed caverns, and start back with more agility than grace to escape from a sudden flood. of hot water, which spite- fully, and without warning, gurgles but and wets you through. The air is full of subdued, strange noises—distant grumblings of dis- satisfied ghosts, faint shrieks, satirical groans, and subterranean laughter:—as if imprisoned devils, through exceedingly uncomfortable, were not beyond being amused at seeing a fresh victim approach. You fancy you can hear the rattling of the loom,- the whirl of wheels, the clang and clutter of machinery : and the impression is borne upon the mind that you are in the manufacturing department of Inferno, where the skilled hands, and art- isans, doomed to hard labour, are employed. I can compare it only to one's feeling in an iron-foundry, where one expects every mo- ment to step on a piece of hot iron, to be run through the stomach by a bar of white glowing metal, to be mistaken for a pig and cast headlong into a furnace, or be in some way burned, scalded, or damaged."—The Countries of the World. 