MELBOURNE. I Wodnosdny. An extension of tbo Railway from Oolao to jWarraambool is probable, i Tho PostmaBtor-Gcneral has determined to rosigu, not approving of the Constitution Re- Iform polioy. j TitEATltE Royal. — Sh&koBpenro;'s grand 'tragedy of Mnobotli, under tho patronago of tho Volunteers, was producod last night, boforo a numerous and fashionable audience, overy part of tho house boiug orowded. Tho altompt was cortniuly an ambitious ono on tho part of the joompnny, but wo may say with SUukospcaro, " that vaulting ambition did not o'orloap itself, and fall on th'othor side," on this occusion, for wo havo soldoin witnessed a groator sucooss .than was achieved Inst night in tho_ way.jp 'stugo and acted throughout, Mr. Songrnvo, albeit ovidoutly uausod to so high a dramatic flight, in pourtraying tho Thane showod him self evory iucli an aotor, and may rank his Mnobeth amongst ono of his host oiforts, although ho was somowhat deficient iu that port or curringo whioh is goncrally assooiatod in one's mind with regal diguity. The Lady Maobotli of Miss Stophonson was ovidontly a vmwm usuuj j ituu DUU U|JfU»AUlA tu VIKJYI in tho footBtops of tho great Mrs. Siddons, who was romarkaklo for tho subduod tono of forooity with whioh sho ondowod tho part. Her " in firm of purposo, guvo mo . tho daggor," when Mnobeth liositatod to eommit tho murder, was natural and striking ; as was also hor byo-play at tho ontrnnco of Bunquo's ghost at tlio hhuquot, whilo hor " out, out, damuad spot," as sho apostrophisod Duncan's blood ou hor hand, fairly moved tho house. Mr. Thorpo's Banquo was a good piaao of uoting, and wo Bhould liko to liavo scon him clmngo plaoos with Mr. Bongravo, who wants his storn look, sonorous voioo, and vigorous framo, and who lookod more liko Riahard III. tbnn .tlio royal 'i'hano. Wo must qougratulato Mr. Bolton on his Mnoduff, whioh was a bold and spirited por- formanoo, full of lira and feoliug, and woll desorviug of tho warm applauso bestowed upon it ; but what was most particularly worthy of rcooguifion was tho admirable roudoriug of Locko's diifioult musio, Tho " dark aud mid night hags" ' guvo tho witohes' ohorus, and tho solos iu a stylo, whioh wo were quite un- proparod to hear, and have never heard bottor snug,' if as woll, in any of tho oolouios. Tho soones in tho wood, whoro tho whole of tho witolios dauoo round tho oauldron nnd porform thoir mystic rights was as iui- pressivo as was pioturosquo. Tho noouraoy with whioh tlio musio, n most important fea ture in the play, wob given, particularly by Mr. Caroy, who ' looked and aotod Hecnto to porfuetiou, fornio'd a very strong olemont of tlio success of tlio picco, which wo boo will bo ro. posted to-night, It is tho host effort of tho ooinpnny ns yat and woll nnrt.h saatna. The CoinNO Man.— Tlio Darling Downs uazctte, iu writing about Mr. M'HwraitU's motion, romindB us of Sir Joshua Roynolds' famous pioturo of " Gnrriok betwoon Tragody aud Comody." Our ooiitomporary is nt a loss whothcr to givo his hand to tho Promior or to his opponent. I-Io wiuds up on both sides by saying " Mr. M'll wraith is tho oouiing man — wo do not doubt tlio. fuot, nnd wo wolcomo it j but wo four that if ho oomos now, ho will oomo too soon. For tho good of the oountry, tliorofure, wo would not oaro about seeing his - motion onrriod. Wo would prefer to hoar of it being lost by a very narrow majority, so that tho Govormnont might undertake tho work under tho dircatian of tbo Opposition. In this way nil that is uocdod would bo secured, and Mr. M'll wraith would ho compelled to allow ovente to ripon until ovorything is preparod for him to assumo doliuitaly, and with a strong majority, tho Government of tho oolony." This is u satisfactory wny of settling tho much vexed quostiou. Mr. Douglas is to remain iu powor nud bo dircated by Mr. M'llwrnith. But suppose lho Promior Bhould objeot to bo thopuppotP WliuttiiouP. Religious Services, — By an advortisemeut it will ho soeu that u serieB of uuited roligious servieos aro to behelduoxt wcokin tho various Protestunt churohos iu this town. Particulars as to lho chuiahos in whieh tho sorviaos uro to ho hold, will ho found on roforonoo to tho ad vertisement. Notitii rcoknampmn Oiiunon. — Divino aer- 1 vlco wilt bo conducted at. this ohuroli to-morrow . afternoon at 4 ololook by tho Kov. J. J?. Orr. Hospital.— 43 tnte of' tho' hoopirai' ior,' tho wook onding Friday, 20. July : — Admitted (lur ing tlio wook : : malos, 10 ; fomulos, 3. Dis charged : tnnlos, 16 ; foiiinlcs, 2. Roinnining in tho hospital : males, 49 ; females, 10. Total, 69\. Four pntionts in tho spooiul ward. Tho rosidont surgeon lias tho plensuro to thank Mrs, Roopo Frogmpro, for a pared of linon and noons ior 1110 uso 01 too pauonis. Railway Extension.— Many double iippoar to oxist in tho minds of tlioso who will not givo tho Govorumout orodit for oven good intontions, with regard to tho extension of our trunk lino, l'lieso doubts woro nn doubt strongthonod aftor reading the loader iu our loonl contemporary's issue of yostcrday, whoro it wns laid down as a faot that hcoauso tho Utormont Uranoli was to ho ooustruotod, tho trunk line would not bo continued. In direot aontradiotion to suoh an opinion, wc nro convinoed from what has fnllon from Mr. Douglas, that tho trunk liuo will ho Oontinned unintoruptodiyj wh'tlior tbo Cler mont Brauoh bo commenced nt onoo or not — ind wo question whotborit oan bo until noxt seeeiou. We have no doubt wlratevor that tho plans for further extension of tho trunk lino nro now boforo tho Government nnd that thoy are awaiting Par liamentary sanction only to ho adopted. If wo are uot mistaken tho plans nvo ready as far hs Beaufort. It is just possiblo some of our ponders will say " Crcdat Judmis neverthe less tlio policy of tho Govornmout is clenr to ub-wiwj iulcuu vu unrry our rue luuuu. nuuo by funds raised by tho salo of' Crown lauds, aud branohos by funds raised by Loans. As the two sources of rovenua aro diBtinot ono from tho other — and onunot olnsh, wo onti soo no roason why tho construction of trunk nud brauoh linos should not prooood simultaneously; aud thoy will, if tho presout Government retain powor — but, wo more than doubt whotherbuth will not bo stoppod, if tho Opposition hnvo greatness thrust upon thorn— it is against their prinoiplos to be liberal. i Police Cuubt.— At tho Polioo Court yostor- day, boforo tho Polioo Magistrate, ono drunkard pleaded guilty aud wus discharged with a reprimnnd. In tho onso of T. A. Kingston v. W. R. Lawson, in whioh tho information was Withdrawn tho provious day and tho quostiou 'of costs rcservod, tho llonoh deoidod not to allow ooBts. A case of insulting lnugungo wns withdrawn by permission of tho Bouoh, on tho applioation of Mr. Milford, tho Solioltor for tho complainant. Outhoriuo Loo was summonod by Eliznboth Coultis for having usod nbUBivo lnuguago to bOr on Thursday morniug last. Tho pnrtios aro noighbors rosidiug opposite to oaoh othor iu 'Enst-lnno, near tho Immigration DopOt, and tho dofondnnt was aoou'sud of having usod tho languugo ootnplniuod of (which is unfit for publioation) whilo standing in tho middle of tlio lano, tho complainant boing ou hor voranduh at tho timo. Two womon ro- Bidiug in tho vicinity ooroborated tho oomplnin- ant's ovidonco, but another woman, who was called for tlio dofeuuo, . stntod that tbo com- pluinant was tho nggrossivo party, nud not tho dofondant, Tho Bonoh dismissed tho summons Without ooete. Bathukst Bunn.— Tho nttontion of tlio Sydnoy Govcrnmont iB being called to the alarming rato at which tho Butburst burr is spreading, (aud tho groat deterioration in tbo wool orop whioh it onuses. Tlio snmo ootn- plaint is lionrd from many parts of Qucauslnnd, nnd it is ovidout that if moans aro uot ndoptod . - — ..uiv iu operation, not. ouly tho wool orops, hut tho value of lnad, will bo soriously lessonod. Ono lion, goutlcmnn remarked in tho Kouso a low nights siuco that tlio amount votod for thu dostruotion of tho burr was far too liltlo. As tho money is now spont, it is far too muok. At present oortain persons nro paid so much per annum to keep nrons of country olenr of tho burr ; but, ns it is cortaiu, if thoy wont to work in a proper rnanuor tliov would soou oradicato it— thov talco very good care: not to go to work in a propor manner. : Instead of outting tho burr bolow tho surface when it is young, thoy wait until it has blossomed nud seeded, thereby (insuring n orop evory yonr, and oausiug tho wood to oxtoud ovor a larger traot of country. This is a positive faot, as many seicotors know to thoir loss. In tho neighborhood of Stan- : woll, Wcstwood, and tho Ten Mile, tho burr is regarded as a worse nuisance than tho wallaby, nnd ono far more difiionlt to dostroy. Tho wood is spreading ovor tbo hills, where no attempt is, mado to root it out ; eonsoquently tho wind blows tho sood in nil dirootions and tho heavy raius wiibIi that whioh is baginning to grow from tho hills into tho valloys. It is useless for selootors to attempt to keep thoir land olenr of the post, whon tho roads . nud waste lands are so many hot beds whence the seed is distributed ovor tho oountry. How to not is the diifioulty. Would it not be judicious to out tho country, when tho burr grows, into districts, nnd pay selootors looatod in oaoh distriot to koop it down, and to hold thom responsible for so doing? Wo suggest this plan, heenuso wo consider it tho only usoful 0110— tho selcotor would bo urged on by hi6 own intorosts and by tho pay, to do his best to oradioato tho wocd; whilo ho woald reooivo anotlior spur, if ho were informed that it I10 failed in proving himself worthy of his hire, ho would not only not receive any payment, but would bo fined for his lazinoss. Lending to Seleotobs. — The ' Viotorinu Government, or rathor its bond and front, Mr. Berry, talked very ostentatiously Bomo timo sinoe about eatnhlii<hin(r(n Stttto lluuk j ubuut lending money to froo soleotors, and borrowing monoy in roe isngiisu maruot for that purpose, as ho did not intend to withdraw tho required amount from tho Banks. Tho lion, gentleman lias now uuoouuoed that iio duos uot intend to obtain a loan for tho froo solootors. Had Mr. Borry onrriod his idoa into oporntion I10 would havo put in the thiu oud of n wod go, whioh, if drivon homo, would havo altered tho finnnoial polity of tho colony, Hb would have borrowed monoy at a oortain rato por oont, lent it at a ltighoc rate to selootors, and thus forced tho Govornmout into the position of a money lender. Tho outory raisod in Yiotorin and n the other oolouios by selootors is, that thoy cannot borrow upon modorata torms tho money thoy require to mnko tho nocossary improve ments, to oultivato tho laud, aud iu somo instances to pay thoir rout. This diffioulty was brought about, iu thu first inBtauoo, by Govern, ments who, while professing to bo oxtrn-liboral with regard to solootors, hntnporod ' thorn by oonditions and restrictions thoy woro corapellod to fulfil and nbido by, boforo any touuro wns givon thom of thoir laud. Tho lands of thoso soleotors, until tho improvomont clauses aro com plied with, havo morcly a nominal value — certainly no really mnrkotablo valuo. If n capitalist onoo loud to a solootor, who has not his doods, beoauso I10 ltnB not ootnpliod with oonditions, ho is bonud to continue to loud, until tlioso conditiona nro fulfillod j nnd whon thoy nro, tho property may not bo worth tho monoy ndvnncod. It is ovldont that tho selodtor tc-plneod at a groat disadvantage wliqq . entering lho mnrkot as n borrowor ; hohi ootfi- poliod to pay a very muoh higher ,ratoof interest than othor oIiibhos of borrowors, booauso his land is liis only prospectively. It bolongs to tho Go- vornmont until tho deoda nrohnndod ovor, and no londor will ndvanoo monoy upon auoli doubtful security without nn ouormously high rato of iateroBt. If tlio Government desire to plnoe tho solootor in a fair position with regard to At._ — M.At<1rnl- ik nnn fin flfl nillv t)v VIIU 1UUUUJT — t, I giving liim liiH dooda upon tlio pnymont of tlio purohnio monoy, whothor his conditions aro fulfillod or not, or without requiring him to fulfil thom afterwards, llo thou can s»y to tho londor, " I owo £150 upon my selection, it is worth £500 ; if you nnnblo mo to pay tbo £150 I oan got my doods from tlio Govornmont, whioh I will hand ovor to yon." Tho BWoopiug away rostriotious altogotlior would iminonsoly bonofit tho Boleotor, without in any way in juring the Stato; and would bo tho ouly moans, iu our opinion, of onabliog him to strugglo through his difficulties. Whou, a solootor can haud tho Government his puroliuso monoy, thon givo him his doods, aud loavo it to him to inako suoh improvomonts.as he, not tho Government, oonsidors necessary. A Black ConsmrAoy.— Five nogroes having shot at Dr. William A. Arohor, noar I3agou Lara, Louisaua, woro takou by tlio cilizona of tho plaoo and hangod. Boforo doath thoy confessed to bolongiug to nn organiBlion tbo objoot of whioh was to kill all loading wliito mon, and to ostablioh a country of their own in tho Southoru KtntcB, Quite LiKELY. — Tho uowspapors publish (says tho Hobartomn Morenrg) a lottor from Gonorol Boot, aido-dc-camp to Don Carlos, who had boon acousod by his mnstor of robbiug him of a nooklaoe of jowols. Sonor Hoot statoa that Don Carlo i devised tho aoonsation ngainat liim to oovor tho fact that ho himself bad sold tlio joweis. Sugar Works.— Mr. A. Owou Jones, formerly of Ncrnda plantation, writos to us from Muuilln oonoorning Mossrs. Tooth uud Co. 's sugar works : — " Tlioso aro groat works. Your Yougario is only about a fifth of tho sizo. Thoy havo boon built in a year. Fauoy forty- eight centrifugals, throo vnouum pans 10, 20, and 25 tons at oaoh chnrge, 1300 liorso power 1)01101') OUglUOS, mill HUlipt)) WllUUUIt UUUluut, Nearly 100 tons a day nro boing turned out, and whon quito complete a muoh lnrgcr quantity. Tho people are ontiroly rulod by Monks, who go about iu tlio Monk's dress — somo bluo. blaok, or wliito according to tho difforont orders.— Patriot. Chops. — From all parts of tho farming distriots wo hoar ehooring .reports, of tbo prospoots of the orops. The rains of lost wook liavo givon a strong spring to tho whoat, whioh is looking healthy and vigorous.. Tho groon oropB of barloy, luooruo, 6co. , liavo mado good growth, nnd hnvo also ohnngod thoir nppenr- auoo from a siolily brown oolor to a boautiful refreshing groon. Tho nron sown with wheat this yonr is larger than ovor wob known boforo iu tbo distriot, and should tlio soason prove favornblo thoro will bo a whoat harvest which will oiicor tho farmors and assist to mako up ior LUU luetsua Ul oiuuu Uitujr ut»»g ounnwuuu during tho last two years'. — JVarwicI: Exaiqitter. Etiquette. - Professional Etiquotto is at all times a fourful and w'ondorful thing. We used at ouo timo to hover katweou focliug awostruok and inclined to laugh whon wo met with any manifestation of it: but in tho clone sharp light of au Australian sun, tho vonornblo old- world dunning always boars such n very olose rosomblancc to a sonroorow that tho ludiorous aspect decidedly prevails. Just now wo have a romarkablo inslauoo of it iu Brisbnno, Tho Chief Justioo was given a (lienor by tho wlVS (ISfnlimTltod; booauso, forsooth, llioy boloug to a difforont nud lowor brauoh of tho profoseioit I This, bo it reir.ombcrcd, is in Quoensland and among a community whioh is perfectly woll nblo -to compare somo of its attornoys with somo of its bnrristors. Oh 1 Mr. Walsh ; why uot bring ou that Bill of yours for amalgamating tho two brnuolios, uud got one usoful pioco of logislinou , neoomplished boforo your sont in Parliamont knows you kuow no more \—Q. 2-alrio. How it Feels to re Shot, — Gnptaiu Romoyn, 6th Infantry, is now in Dotroit ro- oovoriug from wounds roooivod in tho last battlo with Joseph's wnrriors. Ho tolls tho story thus : " You soo 1 hnd boon struck fivo timos. One ball shnttorod my fiold glass ; another raisod a disngrooablo lump on my. loft ali iuldor, and tlio othor only daniagod my clothing. I ought to say that vory oarly in tlio fight my liorso was killod, nnd whon I saw Gonornl Miios riding, oloso up, apparently uu- conscious that ho wns gotting into n hot corner I warned him to koop'haok. I had boon lying oompnratively hidden iu tho long grass. I stood up to tuko nu obsorvntion, whon quicker than a llusli some warrior singlod mo out mid lot drivo. I folt ns if ' a rod-hot iron bnr had boon through mo. I atood rootod in my trauks for a momont, gasped and folt the air coming' iu nt my bnok. Tho noxt instant my mouth field with blood, and .tlion I kuow I had bpou shot in tho long. I wullted sovonty-fivo yards and thon fell. " — Detroit Free Press. A Woman Bubied Alite. — At Naples tho Appeal Court has had boforo it a onso not likoly to inspire ooufldonco in tho minds of those who look forward with horror to tho possibility of boing buried nlivo.' it Appeared from the ovidonco that somo time ago a womnn was : interred with all tho' usual' formnhtioa, it. boiug believed that sho was dead wliilo sho was. only in; a trnuoo. Somo days nftorwnrds, tho grave iu whioh slio'had beou placod boiug opcuod for tho rccoption of nnothor body, it wns found that tlio clothes whioh oovorod tho unfortunate woman wore torn to pioccs, and that sho lmd ovou broko'n hor limbs in attempting to oxtrioato horself from hor living tomb. The Court, aftor hear ing tho onso, sontoncod tho dootor who had sigued tho oortiUoiito of doccaso', and tho Mayor who had authorised tho intormont, onoh to throo mouths' imprisoumout for involuntary raauolnugULuiv a Farewell Dinneb.— Mr o. 0. Rawson.ono of our largo st squattors in tho distriot, ' ro- ooitrrd tho nbovo mnrk of tho ostoom from his follow-oolonists, prior to his dopnturo from Maokay ou a twolvo month's' visit' to- England, Tlio bnuquot was hold iu tho Olyuipio Tliontro, whioh was tastefully sot off aud doooruted with aoaoia aud palm loavos. About 00 gontiomon woro prosont. Mr Goorgo Smith prosidod ; Mr. II. Diilryinplo was vi.-o-pwaidont, and Mr. William Marsh and Mr. O. £>, Dutnillis porformed tho duties of croupiers' Alter tho oompuny hud dono justioo to tho " spread" tho Chairman kindly askod ovory. body « to fill ;thoir glasses. " and proposed tho honlth of" Tho Quoon and Royal Family " whioh was drank with loyal und putriotio liouours. Mr. Smith proposed " Tho guost of tho ovoning, Mr. O. O. llawson," in doliouto and oloquout torms. Tho toast was roooived with wurntth and prolongod oheoriug. Mr. Rawson, in responding, thnukod thoso frionds prosont moBt sinooaoly for tho groat honour bostowod upop him that ovoning, whioh was tho groajost oomplimont ovor puid him in his lifo timo. It was twolvo yoara sinoo ho first onuturod ovor tlio rioli and luxuriant plains of tho I'iouoor ; but his loaving thom now would only bo lor a short timo. Ho thou proposod. " Our next Morry Mootiug." Mr Dalrymplo proposod " Other Guests, ooupled with tho uamo of tho Hon. H. S, Finch. Hatton, " who responded . Mr. R, Martin proposod tho honlth of Captain Edwards, of tho Yaralln, and Mr. Willims, of tho A.3N. Company, Captain Edwards briefly returned Ihfill Ifti. Illtll \fn 'Willi,, ,I1A i«! rt ..... « , V » "mumpjiii U uum ttRfOOU alB0 replied. — Mackay Mercury. > An AdoriOinal Deputation. — Whilst his liXMl'ofipj.was ptnndlng oouvorsing in tho Exlu- 7 'bitloh grounds dn Tliursday afternoon, a blaok- fcllbw olbowod'his way through tho crowd and ntood fnoing tho Govornor. " Good (lay Bar,' anid tho darkio, " I want'em ono pollow blnhkot — same liko it othor pollow blaokpollow. " What's that you say P " said Ilia Exoolloney laucliing Tho blaok tried again, very slow, vory distinct, and looking pxoecdinglytolomn. _ Mo want'om blankot— othor bloelljPTswsal- - togethor got ' om ; linal me.".-!,It,wajjtylaifloa to hiB Exoolloney, that wlionRhe'blnnkots- woro served out last wook, tho sublo interviewee thom. Tho blaok wns told to oall nt tno Polioo oillco in tho morning for tlio blnukot, and tho Govornor dropping somo loososilvoc into his hand, dismissod him. anukoy, said tiro black aftor receiving tho monoy. " Good rlny snr,7' and I10 retired with a broad grin. — Qt/mjilo Times. ' TnE Teetotal PnoiEsT. — Tbo toototallors aro nnturnlly vory angry with Mr. Morohoad for saying that thoir dosconduiits would bo idiots. Thoy quote Woogaroo to provo that tho posterity of tho driultors arc far more likoly to sink into imbeoility than thoi.r own y sobot ohildron. Of oourso as'Mr. M'Boaii boro t.lin brunt of Mr. Morohoad's boisterous humor, ho is tho man who is most anxious to oomo to tho front nnd provo by facts, figures, . and fnnoios. that tlio facotioiis mcmbor is wrong nnd mislnkon iu his major and minor proinisos and therefore in his conolueion. Tho worst of norioun folk is thnt thoy oithor cannot soo a ost, or nro fearfully offondod nt nny badiungo levelled ngninst tliemsolvos. In tho- circlos of tho ab.itniuors, Mr. Morohoad npponrs to be lookod upon iib a monster, who bus enun ciated with tlio solomnity of an ornolo a monntrous biological theory, firmly bolioving Un limit 'Tim fnrtt. lM t.llftt TlfiOT Mr. IUU outuu LU ut, Ititvi a.w tr — Moroheftd line ostftblialied a farao Tor mftUing ; morry over tlio Pormissivo Bill, ns year by yonr it oomos round in its inevitable oonrso, and is consequently obliged somoiimos to strain his wit a littlo oxoossivoly. Ho vory likoly doos not boliovo thnt tho descendants of Good Tomplnrs will bo idiotn, or that it is tho duty, of ovory member to staud to tho six bottle- priuoipnl. Tho noiiBo might bo IWolior, and porlinps noarly as UHOful, but doop indood would tho potatiou hnvo to bo if tho clinraotor of dobnto is to bo raised by nlcholic powor from its prosont dead lovol to tho majoslio, standard of Pitt and Fox. Mr. M'Lonn should . study tho art of recognising jokos at first sight, i — Telegraph, Death oe a Watebloo "Veteban,— Tho Wenlooh and Ludlow JSxjiress, of April 27,; contains tlio iollowing paragrnph : — Onr obituary of thiB week contains n notioo of tho dooenso of Mr. David Williams, of Coalbrook- dnio who was present at tho glorious battlo in whioh tho power of tlio first Nnpoloon was j, finally ovortlirowu. Doooasod was born at Buildwns on May 20, 1791, nnd as n boy nnd young man worked for tbo Ooalbrookdalo Company. In tlio yonr 1810, at tho ago of 19, ho oulistcd iu tho Royal Artillory, in which lio sorvod ten yonr?. Ho wont out to Spain in 1814, but roturnod to England oro ho was sont to join tbo army of tho Dulco of Welling ton, and was prosont at tho momorablo strugglo of Waterloo, Juno 18, 1815. Ou being dis charged from tho army Mr. Williams returned to Conlbrookdalc, and was omployod under tho company until I10 ronahed lho ago of 80. ' Iu — 1874, shortly after tho issue of tho War Oillco circular, sticoially referring to Waterloo votornns, through tho lundnoss of his friends, with tlio aid of Mr. A. H. Brown, M P„ tho hcoossnry documentary ovidonco wns proourod and forwnrdod to tho Royal Clielson HyfcqitaL.- aud n pension of Is. Gd. per dsy wns.at>l to the doooasod, who expired nt tho rbSSouco of his. son, Mr. Goorgo Williams, oarly 011 Monday morning. It will bo scon by tho datos tiint doooasod lived in tbo reigns of no loss than four sovereigns, Goorgo III., Goorgo IV., William IV., nud bor prosont Majesty, and ho workod for tlio Conlbrookdalc Company for upwards of sixty-years. Two sons of tho douonscd votornu nro living iu Sydney, ono of _.i. " ,,.1 yocio employ utl OU tllO railways of this oolony, and lias sinoo boon ongngod at tlio sawmills of Mr. John Booth, nt Btilmain ; tho- othor- is- at prosont"an ongino- driver 011 tlio Govornmont railways of Now South Wnlo.i. : A Lively Disoeiption.— Would you liko to hoar, what an American friond of uiino — Mr, Mr, Stopliou Mnssott, to wit,— said .about tho porformauoos on tlio piauoforto of Mdlle. Cnrlottn Tnsoa 1 I asked him to put thom oa Dftnor; so thnt I mioh(. nuhliAh flinm . nmi hA»n thoy nro 1 " Woll, air, sho is what I oall a slnshor. You mny bot your bottom dollar upon that. Whou alio first sut down, sho looked kiud, wild, then1 with a howl, dug bor fingor nails into thom 'ore rough notes, and shot 'cm liko lightning up into tho thin onas. Then slio paused for a reply, mistor. Sim thou com- monoed at tlio right baud sido, wout a rippin' down haud ovor ii&t;, till sho got olcau down, makin' a noiso liko thunder. Sho thou yanked h handful out of tho coutro and planted thom at tho oud, thou wriggled around with two fingers, grabbed up anotlior fistful, puuoliod - right and loft, wout ripoty-liopoty-sootohy up nud down, und I toll you thnt 'ore pinuner howled. Sho thou gave anotlior snort, and whon slio wout sho busted in like mad, raised ' up off her ohnir, stuffed throo fingorsful thoro, enromod six moro iti tho oornor, gobbiod up a ' fow moro tunes nud sottlod their hash in nbout a rninuto. Aftor that, sho tacklod it with lior left hand alone. Botwcou you and mo, mistor, tho man thnt oWnod that 'oro pintmor wont shiftin' around on his obair as though ho had a . oarpot-tnok uudor liim. If ho didu't, my uamo an't Stevo Mnssott, nud I don't know how to rend ' tho doath of poor Joo.' " Mr. Mnssott'B dosoription is not altogether pootionl, but .it is graphio.— Correspondent, Dunolly Advertiser. Bovinid Logio, — It wa's my lot a month or . two ago to "assist at"— without, liowevor, inking pnrt in— a disputation, tho subjoot matter wlioroof was tho moral liability of Bull- lnoro, owner of Glou Goldor station, and tho ' proud siro of throo troublesome boys, to sub scribe towards tho erection of a Grammar school at tlio uonrost seaport towu. BttUmoro oould'ut soo it at all. Tho notion of giving £10 towards an institution for imbuing but- ohors aud bakers' sons with "notions abovo thoir station" makos him fool tho poor man all ovor- In vain did the Uonoy-touguod canvasser nrguo that butchors and bakers' sons woro in tlio habit of oonotiivlug thoso objectionable uuuons, wuiioui mo encourngomeut of a grammar school, and thnt Binoo tho balauoo of probability was iu favor of thoir takiug rank as goiitlotnen— externally and plutooratioally— iu tho coming generation, sooinl prudence diotnted tho oxpedionoy ot oudcavoriug to iu- : dootrinuto thom in tho viows nud ideas of tho oasto thoy nro aspiring to. It was. all to no purposo ; tho nrgmnont only mado Bullmoro "soo it' loss tlinu ho did boforo. "Nono of your Brummngom institutions for mo; Eton's tlio only plnco for my boys. " And ho sloped. Strnugo, by tho way, this antipathy of tho squattiug fratoruity to » butchors and bnkors " It is so hard to discover why tho two trades Bhould ho tarred with tho snmo brush— ha 1 a good woolsliod similo! Ouo can understand why bnkors, as tho symbol and culminating nolnovomont of population and ngrioulturo should bo bated of laou to whom both aro an abomination, who regard tho nnuunl dray- lond of weevilly seconds ns a ncoossary ovii and, for their own porsons, doom all oonditions' of gastronomy fulfillod by a stonmiug buekot- ful of pigwood aud pioklod plouro. But but chors I tlio vory prop nud stay of tlio toil interest ! " who shall unriddle mo tho ntfaPtTry of thoir inclusion in tlio sqnntting nnathema ? ' Is it thnt tlio » follow feoliug " whioh makos other mortals " woudrous kind," sours, in this onso, on tho grnzior's sonsitivo stomaoh, nud turns all lus milk of human kiudncsB to worm wood and gall ? Docs it proccod from a graz ing cousoiousnoss thnt ; ' YoiMnny aornpo, you may lather tlio "covo" as you But«ini sLnu" ot 11,0 sb'nsbtcr-yard clings to him — Correspondent Patriot, 