Reminscences of Early Colonial Life. Goldfields — In a very learned essay on mineralogy there is a woodcut intended to represent an, Australian goldfields scene ?: — Scene a mountain torrent very abrupt, very narrow auu very euauow on me dbziks oi me mountain rivulet are a number of diggers, gorgeously apparelled and arranged in picturesque groups, who juging from gacne piled; at the doors of their natty tents have spent most of their time ghoottDg kangaroo and Parraquets. Bat one induBterious minor is seen straddling over the little stream armed with an enormous tin dish, fishing for tbe grains of sand (and we presume of gold) cairieJ down by the action of the water. And old colonist netd scarcely be told that the scene is a purely imaginary one ; evolved like tho German's camel from the artists own consciousness. Or like tbe boy's boat, 'Made all out of bis own head.' __TJT0_mountain_6treams h-id done their work ages before the white nianlipiSeareinsCt&e;'sCeile ~. leaving to the adventurous goldseeker the more laborious but certainly more healthful work of digging out the debris of ancient stream?. -Thw sms »-»fif ng jJnah sst ro^nanoe in the digge/s life ; but certainly aot of the kind represented in popular pictures. The first vievr of a populous gold fijld was of a most pronounced and impreeeiva character. Thou sands of white tents of every imaginable shape and s;z : gleaming in tbe sunshine. Banting of every hue and emblazoned with national poetical, and fanciful device gave a festive glow, the scene. . Kot that private individuals indulged in such luxuries they had enough to do 10 carry their blankets, and the iiidunensable cooking utensils from placa to place. Tue fitg was the signboard of the day. Each business man bad bis colors and private device. To have run ? up another man's flig would have been a breach of etiquette about as unpardonable as tbe un warranted use- of a- firm's signature. While the limited' range of colours and artistic designs made it imperative (for the euke of distinction}, that some should indulge in a plurality of flag*.. Tbe 'lead' where the precious metal was being unearthed' wsb marked by a king line of circular eanhmounds, composed for the most part of pure white pipe clay, but occasionally varied by the brilliant hues of red and yellow 'reef' tucii variations being denominated 'the red and yellow, patch. L'he whole- strikingly suggestive o£ gigantic ant hills. From those mounds. the diggers emerged dyed red 01 yellow aud with faces ornamented after the fashion of savages on the wartrail. Yet never owning to the sense of.dirt. Clothes were dirty if stained with surface soil, but one ? dyed with the colors of the gold bearing rock, they became clean and professional eoldiers do not take more pride iu tlieir brilliant uniform than did new chum diggers in their loose cirth stained garments. Dirty j new ehums wore dirty in their dark tweeds and eeedy blacks,, but diggers were in fancy dress. Sans coat, sans hat, sans suspenders. This was a special feature of a diggers costume. He never descended to braces, and if ia totrn,;his friends insisted on rigging him. out respectably he generally entered 8 practical protest against toe conventional shoulder straps. It was a partial though unconscious return to primitive modes of life. The young colt breaking away from hi* keeper and trying to buck of the saddle was a fair representation off the popular sentiment. Most of the men were young — uuburdened with family considerations— and in the ex uberance of lusty life coa'd t-ffjrd to jafce and gibe at old world man ere and customs. What a red rag is to a bull ' a belltopper' was to these young scape graces. Csly thei howl was ia the main gaod humoured and intended to express wit. Nevertheless an old bittered -( long sleeved hit' borne on the head of an in offensive o'.d gentleman has ere now brought hundreds of harumscirams to the top of their earth heaps in a state of tumuUnous excitement The old gent might regard bis bat bb a sacred thing, and a mBrk of gentility but its claims to respect were vociferously repudiated. Still tha men returned to tUeir work laughing—no dis respect meant t3 the old bjy— they had eeen something which reminded them of home, and wild as those men were anything that awakened home associations ha l-t thrilling eff ct on their etn-itional nature. Almost ta a man they were under some sort ??f pledgs to return to jiie old country within tliree or fopr yearc. Their plane were simple 1 enough in outline. Hough it in A etralU for a year or two — pick up enough gold to m ;te a small formne — and live at a Be in the old sountry for the remainder cf tlieir lat.irtil lives. But a few year j of ceJori-.l experience sroncier'uljy modified the^r t;-colt- uial eiptcta tion».' '1 he q/iestion ' * ill you ever go homt ? * »as for yp?.M a standing j'.k-', and one that never lost its poiu*. A party of men aftrr 'pending a iyrtni^lit or t'jree week* '' |jiftichmg down a hard shaft' would carry a dishful of stuff to the creek, end surrounded by a eager crowd of 'shepherd.' teat the- worth of their sroperty. Reeult three 'colors' — diminitire specks of gold sb jut equal to cambric needle points — some facet ous individi als preferred, calling them 'ghosts' as the disappointed prospector passed through tha sympathising crowd be- was sure to be greeted with the affectionate enquiry ' will yon ever go home?' Small wit to the uniniatcd, but it always elicited a laugh. As a matter of fact very few of the goldseekers returned to the old country Accident, exposure, and doctored brandy did their work, in thousands of instances, Billing the cemetery with those who did not live out half their days. Of those who became acclimatised a good number aceumlated wha. at one time- they would have regarded as a small fortune, but it was spent looking for more. The spirit of gambling was strong in those days. Men felt that there were playing tor prizes, and lived under the delusion that tha goldfields were inexhaustible, a veritable purse of Forlunatus. One poor fellow who found himself stranded on the exhausted fields explained his failure very luc-Mly. I made up my mind when I came to this coustry that I would save a thousand pounds, return home start a business in my native village, and marry my old sweetheart. In 1851 1 had saved £950, and felt disposed to turn homeward, but waited for the other fifty, 1858 he was worth £7.50, 1861 £500, 1870 penniless, a condition which had often been realised between the daiee mentioned. He is now picking up odd jobs as a day laborer and eeems to have led; all hope of ever seeing his thousand pounds, that may: be accepted as a fair example. Many of the miners felt astonished at the close -of the 'good old days' to find that scarce one example of a digger growing rich eould be found. A. B. G. 