Lecture. on Mohammed- ' 6? Tnesdsj evening la*t (says ibe 3lur rurundi Ttmei of May II,-) tlie first of the \- Mrivs of lectures provided by lbe School of A'-ts Committee fi.r lbe winter mouths yi/aa delivered by th? Rtr.'J. Ayliug, of Bei?Oβ. ' Tbe Bub'jrct choecn wan that of "Mohammed and the Mohammedans."' Mr. Alexander Rrodie, J.P, senior Yico ? Frt-siiJent of the liiKtitutiuii, preside, and in introducing the lectnror, brirfly ri plaiued tho action of ilia Cuinuiiltao' in providing c eour*a lectures for the entertainment of tho member*- of tlie School of Arlts and the public generally in the' winter mouths, did expressed his .-grijal pleasnre in calliuKupoii the Hey. J. . Ayling to deliver the fir?l lecture of the ?series. ' The Rev. J. Ayling, nftur a few preJimin : *ry remarkseuid the siibji-ct ho hud choi?on *>? ono of great -interest, especially in the present position <)( tho Turkish or Moslem power. He had chosen. tho life of tHa really great man Mohammed, respecting whom there were, as of other great luoii, many varying opinions. The uaijio of Mohammed in Arabic signified "the praised." He was born at Mecca in A.D. 70, about tho date of-his father's death. his mother is reported to have, after the fashioii uf her tribe, handed him over to a Bedouin woman, to be nursed in the selubrious air of the desert. Tho youthful' Hohammed was subject to fits, which were attributed to the agency of demons. ' lv hia third year hu was aent home, and at the age of six he lost his mother by death, and was adopted by his grand father, and afterwards by his uncle, who though poor,-like tho rest of his family, wtl liix constant friend and protector. The legendary accounts of his youth were not reliable, blithe appears to have gained a fcahly livelihood by tending flockn. >Onoe or twice he travelled with bin undo, to Syria and South Arabia. In bin twenty-fifth year lie entered into the service fit Kadija, a rich widow, of tho same tribe:—Koreish—probably as camel driver. This lady, twice widowed and much older than.himself, offered him her hand in marriage, which he accepted. Two sons were born to them, both of' whom died, Mohammed became a mer chant, very energetic, but much given to contemplation. His personal appearance was very striking. About middle height, of commanding bearing, with broad shoulders and chest, and firmly knit limbs ; his hair was black and slightty curled, on a well-shapod head ; large black eye", finely arched eyebrows; white pearly teeth, of which he was very vain ; tho dignity of his appearance 'en-, hanced by a flowing beard. A black mole between, his shoulders bacame afterwardts among the faithful tho seal of prophecy:; His ,'gait and presence were of an ex tremely imposing nature.' ;In public speaking the force of his impetuous nature became "at once apparent. His eye reddened, his voice waxed high; his whole frame quivered with passion. Lofty and stern to his enemies, he was sweet as summer to those who loved him, fond of children with always a kind word for them. His grief at the death of his his little son seemed uncontrollable, only finding vent in the cry,'O Ibrahim!' If the promise ' of the hope of a resurrection were not faith ful,' I would grieve for thee yet more used no, ;/ 'fire V ,-f brj' ePpk Ihg;:. being"; quite garments and sandnleifed hi? own goat?,; and retained his simple habits to the last.; ' cijlfoir ilia!-l?mjS;%!W3t, N p?rUcurerlyiCouri-; ;;tlieV.'.enthuiiiV^ci9jEi l^'(j?f?H.pw'eri?Vto>;the ; Vfpf will, 'dreamy and sympathetic, and. com- manding, he,was just the man to move his generation, just, the man 'who could.; and did make the best of circumstances. These things were his religion and success. vi^i]hoa < W^not' ! l ]irov'for4fOtte.ri"lh?t.''liie''|SretV followers were those who knew him best. Sensualism was not their motive, but the hope of the pleasures of Paradise. ,-In this respect there could be no comparison whatever between his system and the more recently successful mission of Mor morism—no compariecn at all. The chief canse of the suceess of Mohammedanism was the sword ' Until its founder drew this he did little or nothing. The war cry that carried his followers onward was 'Paradise lies under the shadow of t sword ; Paradise before you— the devil behind you." About A.D. 605 Christi- anity had reached the centre of Arabia ; Judaism was 'also widely extended by refugees; after the fall and dispersion of the Jewish people. Besides these were the remnants of many sects, of which' the first ages of Christianity were so fruitful, 'l'he ancient Pagan' creeds, with their idol worship' rites and ceremonies, began to be 'questioned. As a living creed Paganism had long ceased to exist. People only clung to it as an inheritance. Multi tudes, wearying of such things, and enquiring for that was bet- ter and purer, turned to Judaism or Christianity. Mecca had long been the centre of religious influence. Tho sacred places were there, among them, the Kaaba containing the venerated Kibleh. These places were in the custody of the Koreish, Mohammed's tribe. Mohammed was impelled to preach a new faith equally subversive of Paganism, Judaism and Christianity. In the solitude of Mount Hirah he received his first commuuica tion. It was not until he reached his fortieth year that he conceived he had a mission, when a Gabriel appeared to' him, as he represented, from heaven, and the name of God' to preach a new religion and to spread it by writing 1 ." ,y [An extract' from Sale's Koran was here read in illustration'. ];.'This was a characteristic of his proceedings, when ever a 'revelation. was needed it was forthcoming. That Mahommed was a prophet in our. sense .of the word they, might judge as they pleased ; whether he was a common impostor, or one in league with tho devil, was also a matter of opinion. Epilepsy, perhaps, had some- thing to do with the matter. Certain it was that after long, silent, solitary musings, something not clearly known to himself moved him most terribly, that during the revelations he would roar like a camel, perspiration streaming from him,' his eyes inflamed, and his mouth foaming as with intense excitement. Various were the voices be heard, sometimes of a bell or of a man; sometimes he rceeived; messages in dreams, or, as he puts it, they were laid upon his heart. One of his relatives had told him many stories from the Old Testament. On the poetic mind of Mohammed these made a deep impres- sion, and influenced him much more than did those from the New Testament,all his knowledge of these being derived from apocryphal books. His first revelation he communicated to about half a dozen of his most intimate friends.' His other relatives and friends langhed at him and called him a fool. In three years he had secured only forty proselytes, and these chiefly of the lower class. Then he was commanded to preach publicly; to come forward and defy the scorn of the unbelievers. Now the determination of the man showed, itself, for on his uncle attempting to dissuade him from his enterprise be replied that if be set the sUn on his right hand and the moon on his left he would still go on. With all his might he denounced the superstition of his countrymen, exhorted them to piety, to tho belief in an Almighty, all-wise, invisible, all merciful and indivisible God, who had chosen him to' be a prophet, at he had chosen tho other great prophets who had appeared before. He was very careful not to shock some of the deeply rooted prejudices of his countrymen relating to the Kaaba, etc. Their barbarous habits he condemned, especially that of killing their daughters. Fond of certain kinds he early prohibited, also gambling and usury. Whether at the commencement of his career be under- stood reading and writing is ' not clear. He pretended that he did not, but received his, revelations in private, and delivered them oracularly after the manner of tho ancient Arabian soothsayers. His country men' left him pretty much to himself, considering him not quite right in his mind, until his followers becoming numerous : they began to pay him some attention. Tho glories of their- old religion, and abuve all tho revenues, of their temples being in danger, their wrath, was excited agaimtt him; and terrible' suffering overtook hs followers, so that he advised them to flee into Abyssinia. His own life was frequently in danger,, and when he sought refuge amongst hus own family they were excommunicated for refusing to deliver him up to his own tribe; This was the darkest hour of his life. Reduced to poverty, and bereft of his wife by death, he wandered about the country an a stranger. About, this time, he had his dream or vision of a- journey to Jerusalem and back in a single night. His staunchest adherents' smiled 'at his hallucinations. After vainly endeavouring' to convince his fellow citizens;- he was more successful- with those of Medina, a town about 270 miles distant from Mecca. Some of those he had met with on their pilgrimage to Mecca. -They, from the fact of many Jews living in their midst, were well acquainted with tho words—" Revelation,' " Prophecy, " ''Messiah," " God's Word,"which to the Meccans were words without meaning; These men received the new revelation, and its prophet. Tho next pilgrimage brought 12,' and.the next -70' adherents to the new faith. Then, the contemplated flight or migration took place, and/ the city from' this time received the title of ''The city of the Prophet. From this Hegirah is dated, the Mohammedan 'era, in A.D. 622, so that Mohammedanism is now about 1,259 years old.' Everything was then changed to the advantage of Mohammed and his religion. The despised madman or impostor became judge, ruler, and lawgiver to two powerful tribes. In the second year of the Hegira he felt' strong enough to give permission to' his followers to go to war against the enemies. of/the new religion, not at first -in open fight, but by attacking their caravans, etc.,, until gathering strength he dared to break the peace of the month Radjah A battle was fought against.-the Meccans, in which Mohammed's followers were victorious. Various successes followed about :tlie-6th" ?year, ;.when.;lie -cpnld; proolaiin v 4 ?cpil-; expeditions ". in ; preeerif.'SFrotat'ocuVconqiioetto aiVpthor J,ha'.'?ent^ :: ?; : Mecc^Jiie'*iesirueted'ilii? , Jpeople 'iv Jtho' lawsijindforiiauancoii'''of bin reliijlon, aud aottled their rite*iand oeremonie?;.for ; all' ::Ume;;' i ;S?yJi;the : ;endj.:of;; ten*/¥years'^tho", :eurroundirig niHone'.were'all welU nigh ''.ooaverWy'.to'ili'e'-'iieW'.feith^TsWhar-a^iiV' WeV*?-'"-'w*^''^l*?^^*'^^l ,,^, -^^l' e -'?'''*' L '*^ e^! V .:'whi>!e'fSt.ri'b^.|w i M;''!Mnwrted.i ; in , y;ifMie^'-ejty j .' ; In .ilohanlrued'H owulifutiine bis religion woe j?lplatryV ropled put- jsoon , SRelurnlrip from full daugerounly ill, and took up hi? abode" favourite (he had niDe)'that boiaight*: bd'near theuiosqiie.; vlletook partin;public prayers ai;Jpng?as hbi/CouldjVpreacued once ; roore 'to: the : : people. , /recommended (;: theigenierils i l?h i had The wrouged aii'y*one, /read td'.tlieui passagca fro in- the iKor*h, prepared ihem . for'hia death,, *?& exhbrteatheni tb'peace ;ainoiigst v lhciu'eelve? and submission :to the? tenets jof.-tlipir ::faith. : : In : bis last Swaiiderings'he' ; epbke only of angels and heaven. ?vHis'di;ath-took place on thp':Blli ?J,une;?Jk;'.D. 632,; at'the; age , of sixty-two yeara., '?? .-The , lecturer hadno time to dwell .upon tlie life,' condulst^and"'character "of ?ihiH reraarksbla.'raiiii;', , tllo'founder of a' faith J io'whioh 130,000,000; persons now lid here. ' All "agreed ;that' he ' Was no ordiuary ninn,'how'ever : lhey liiigliidiffer as to his true character.' It would scarcely ? be; more fair to ~ judge of,.' him from the character, of his follower's '? than of' the; founder of a iar-nobler nyeteni from -the character \of 'multitudes ' of professed Christians; . No doubt: he was deceitful; cunning, cowardly; ; revengeful, and grossly given to' sensuality;' "He was a strange mixture 'of bad 'and 'good; He does not seem to have had even ambition for : himself in most things men seek for, Extremely simple in manners and' domestic in his habits, amiable, tender and faithful to his family and friends, and frequently forgiving to enemies, in him there was very much indeed to admire. The self-appointed' destroyer of idols, the slayer of superstition, no one believed in jins, omens, charms, and dreams more than he did, and yet it was pretty evident that he was any hing but 'self' deceived in the revelations which he asscried. Were continually being made to him. Of the character, of the religion' he propagated the lecturer would proceed <6 -treat is tho second part of his address. , Mohammedanism, they would all under stand,: was believed by its followers to be the only orthodox creed in the- world, preached by all the prophets in tho world since Adam. It was called " Islam," signifying resignation, entire submission to the will of God. Its adherents were called Moslems, " the resigned ones.' , Their creed was, summed up in two articles,— there is no God but God, and Mohammed is his prophet, or is God's Apostle. Their doctrines of God's nature and attributes were just as ours, excepting that He begetteth not, nor is He begotten. Jesus, to them, was only a prophet and apostle, although.He is said to have been miraculously born. The Koran super- sedes the Bible, as-Mohammed supersedes Christ. Christ, they say, was; not cruci fied, but some one else.: He is to come again to establish,his religion everywhere, before tho coming Judgement. Angels are a very prominent subject of belief. Created of fire they stand between God and man, adoring or waiting on tho former, interceding for and guarding the latter. The, four chief angels are the Holy Spirit-or the Angel of Revelation, Gabriel; Michael ; Axrael, the angel of death ; and Israfil, whose office will be to sound the trumpet at the Resurrection Day. They would see where Mohammed got his ideas from. Besides angels,-they believed in they believed in 'good and evil genii, fairies, &c; They believe that of tho Scriptures revcaled by God at different timse to tho prophets, only four remain—the Penta teuch, Tsalms, the Ogspel and the Koran, the three former much motilated and falsified. Two or three hundreil thousand prophets have appeared, and about three hundred apostles, six of whom—Adam, Koah, Abrahaim Hose, Jesis, and Mohammud, the last and greatest—were specially cemmissioned to proclaim new laws and dispensatiors, abrogating all former ones. They believe in the resur rection and the Judgment ; the latter to be announced by three blasts, the first of consternation, the second of examination, when all things except hell and Paradise will be destroyed, and the third, 40 years after, that of resurrection, ' when all men, Mohammed first, shall have their souls breathed into' them, and sleep in their graves until' the final' doom is passed on them. The day' of Judgment, is to last 50,000 years. Then angels, genii, men, and animals will be called up for trial ; tho righteous, will enter Paradise on the right hand,' the wicked passing" into hell on the left. Both have to cross the bridge Al Sirah,' laid over the midst of hell, finer' than a hair, sharper than a sword, and beset with thorns. The righteous will cross safely,' the wicJed falling-,from 'the bridge into "places assigned to them, of various degrees of punishment. Paradise is divided from hell by a sort of intermediate abode for half saints, who may be able to see into either side; the inhabitants of Paradise and' hell may converse with each other The righteous before entering Paradise, are refreshed at the pond of the Prophet, supplied by one of the vines of Paradise, whiter than milk, more fragrant than musk, and put of silver cups more numerous than the stars. The last of the precepts of Mohammadanism is the full and uncon ditional submission to God's decree, and the predestination of good and evil. This doctrine no doubt has contributed largely to make Mohammedans what they are. So much for their theology.The practi cal part of their religion inculcates four chief' duties, viz., prayer, almsgiving fasting, and pilgrimage. 'Every Moham- medan must pray/five times in the day— about sunset, nightfall, daybrenk, nobn -and afteriioon : yet not at any exact' hour, ,so as not to be confounded with infidel prayers. The call to prayer is mado with' ' imposing effect. Change;, of;. posture,' iiiclimitioll, prostration, etc.; -'? towards the Kilileh are prescribed. Worshippers must wear the 'plainest garments and preserve solemn manners. Women are not allowed to go to mosque lest they should spoil devotion, a regulation which showed that Mohammed was a bit of a philosopher. Had he lived in the present ' day he would probably have confirmed the order. (Laughter.) Circumcision, though not enjoined, is of universal practice. Almsgiving is of special (tiitiie, f aud fantiug- iaeujoiiied at intcrvula. The paramount duty is pilgrimage, so necessary that he who dies without it may ' as well die a Jew or a Christian. 'This is probably derived from the ancient customs of tho country.- There are also minor fasts and feasts which pious Moslems observe. A weekly day of rest is' kept on Friday; this day being chosen so as to be unlike Jews and Christians, though long before Mohammed's time the day was used for assemblies of civil and religious nature. Though strict observers of the day, ?? ?i>oii ?K.Burvico ie over they were the' principal points of Islamism. "Tvinc: was f ; prolii,Wted^-'|i?';'|rivih'K'.?riiie'";to''rm'pre' ; !Bi?il,- Hhari jjwid, ,;.Tlie prohibitory laws respect ing ; food;: reieinbled ; those of Judaism. ;|it'ne^ : 'k\lpiu l profiting , by 'trade. iv any ?qiiwticaattle'maniier. The ciVil laws tho. Mohammedans were founded upon tho Koran, as Jewish civil laws were founded on tho Pentateuch, and like the latter, called forth a class of men to explain and interpret it. In. many other of his institutes Mohammed seems to have followed the law of Moses. At his death lio'liiidniueirive*, bnt- the itiaker of the law ; waa . *b>>ve. the : l?w;: 7tte had alsu Bpecl?l?reveltttions';* to ;suit : ' his special circuinstWnces.' : Mnrri*g? witlVivie p*op!e : was an extremely niiiiplo kinil of business.. i .Two,persoi>H - ef proper, age, in proaence of ? Iwoiwiin'eaees, declare their : iiitrillion to mafry|"?ndtheTpayiii :as !??;?;???:; doAvry i |b '; sufficient';..;for i a; marriage;'. ;A girl niidbr" ago jvns, given away,''with of;with"out' her'cbnsbnt;" No. man iaVnllowed to -Bee theff?ce i>f any his."iwife ; " or "concubine; or .bolonginti . to. ..any:'of ; tho: prohibited .decrees, ?- the '? Utter;,rcsemblinp; thooe of the Mosaic laws. Divorce was a very light' matter—on the": part of the" man, who had' only'to say to his wife ''Thou 'art divorced," and pay back part of the dowry, and the thing was accomplished. The case of the woman, as- usual, was very much tho opposite. Except she could prove flagrant ill-usage or neglect on the husband's part, she has no such. privilege, and even in that case she must -lose her dowry. The law of primogeniture, does not obtain, but.'males generally obtain a double share. Children, whether of legal wife,concubine or slave, and even adopted children come -first, afterwards wives, parents, brothers', sisters, in their order'. Private contracts between man and man ,are conscientiously regarded. The law is very lenient towards debtors, the' Koran recommending the 'creditor to remit the debts as alms. Theft -was to be punished according to the Koran by cutting off the offending limb; but now a-days imprisonment, hard labour, and the bastinado have been substituted Adultery was formerly punished with death; but this ban has been mitigated, though severely punished still. Murder was punished by death or infliction according to the will of the family of the deceased ; but in our days no- fine' can free the murderer from death. In minor offences the lex talionis of Moses was approved by Mohammed, but commutation is now al lowed in many cases'. Recourse is had to stripes or beating for the punishment of inferior crimes, the cudgel used in the infliction of which is said.to have come down from heaven to be used by the judge in. tho promotion of his duty. Apostasy was punishable with death, if the 'transgressor repented not. Still severer was tho punishment for blasphemy against "God, Mahomet; or any of the prophets —for it there was no revocation or repentance in this. world or the next. Under tho head of civil law may be com prehended the injunction to. war against; infidels, declared to be of great merit in the sight of God. Those' against whom war was declared had 'the chance of three things—either to become Moslems, to pay tribute if they were not gross idolaters, or, to decide the quarrel of the sword, when, if the Moslems were victors, the women and children became their property, tho men might be slain, or turn Moslem, or be otherwise disposed of. The fifth part of the spoil belonged to God, to His apostles and His kindred, the orphans and the poor. Thus far the principal incidents in the life of Mohammed; and the details of Islam had been glanced at. The Koran should have some little notice given to it. It was to Mohammed anism what the Bible was to Christianity. According to the Moslem it was uncreated, eternal, coeval with God Him self. Its title was derived from the Arabic " Karan" to read, and, from the similar word signifying to gather or to collect. It had various other titles, as "Forkan," —salvation; " The Book," in the sense of Bible ; and " 'The Reminder'^ or admonition. It was first written in rays of light on a gigantic tablet resting on the throne of God. A copy of it in a book bound with white silk, jewels and gold was' brought down to the low'est heaven by tho angel Gabriel in the moutll Raan.Portions were commuuioited; during twenty-three years to Mohammed by dod himself. veiled or unveiled or with the sound of bells, or by inspiration of the Holy Ghost, in waking or in dreams. Without any attempt at arrangement the fragments were thrown together into a box, and a number were entirely lost. 'After his death the scattered portions were collected from date leaves, frag ments of white stone, bones, parch ment; the breasts of men, and copied without any attempt at arrangement, A subsequent reduction was made ; all variations were expunged, and the result was this book. A formula at the beginning of each chapter states where the revela- tion was given. The contents of the, Koran had been glanced at already in describing the tenets of the Mohammedan religion. Without the Bible and Jewish, or Apocryphal legends, tho Koran would be nothing. Mohammed's aim seems to have been to unite the three forms of religion found at his time, viz , 'Judaism; Christianity and Heathenism, alternately flatteriug or threatening the followers of one or the other as it suited his purpose. The vacillation and contra dictions of the Koran placed it in strong contrast to the Bible.-The language is said to be of surpassing elegance, and no human pen is supposed to be able to' produce anything like it—a belief which is accepted as proof of Mohammed's mission. The style, is very varied, and in his opinion (the lecturer's) a grant deal of its contents required explanation before their purport could be understood. The book is an object of great reverence ; it is never held below the girdle nor touched without previous purification. Great lavishness is displayed by the rich in their copies. Sometimes they are written in letters gold, the covers blaunfr with gold and .pneious ulortoJ. It is utterly profaned in their eyes' hy th'?; tbUch-'of au infidel. Respecting the character of its author opinions widely vary, some highly extolling him, others speaking in opposite terms. Perhaps the medium view may be found nearly correct. ' His system may be said to have commenced in blood, and it has not lost its evil reputation. Scarcely, a century;. had elapsed after - Mohammed's death when the religion had spread over Arabia, Syria, Persia, Egypt, the north coast' of Africa, and Spain. Notwith standing internal strifes and aggression it grow until the crescent surmounted tho spire of 'St. Sophia of Constantinople, and the war cry "'Allah ! Allah !" sounded at the gates of Vienna. ;Numbering' nomiii.lTy ,;now ,130,000,000 adherants, the number of real believers is comparatively small. Excepting, per haps, in Africa. it is making no progress whatever.If it had a mission, that mission has been accom plished. Doubtless, as the history of the Moors in Spain would show, they were, a great deal more than mere sensual barbarians, for in almost every branch of science and arts for centuries they could boast of muitiludies of most eminent names. The curse of all -nations has become theirs. Their rise was brilliant, but. the climax reached, their fall soon commenced. Whatever the Koran may teach respecting benevolence, liberality, modesty, forbearance, sincerity, love of peace and truth, the practice of its disciples for many centuries has been the very antipodes. 'Witness recently the Bulgarian atrocities, and.tho barbarism of the struggle lately waged. What the future of the system may be depends largely upon European progress. The present juncture is intensely- interesting. There can be no dpubt that Mohammedan ism is doomed. Not having in itself the principle of vitality, it is only a question : of time as to the period of its existence. For centuries it has been tottering. For its total extinction, and the establishment of a purer faith, he was sure they would all devoutly say—So let it be. (Cheers.) ..' Mr. ;G : ; G. Brodie proposed that the hearty tbatiknof the company bo prommled to tho reV'. loctnror fornucli 'a.'.clear and succinct' kcooil'iit of the Mohaiiimudan power/and ite religion,--*'...subject with which too inaiiy of them were by no moans familiar, but wliioli wks eHjwclally intereet init'Bt the pro?ont time. ; ' The Rev. \V.:,\Vpston seconded; the , lecture could; not, hu said, fail of boing Tory l>encfisi?l. Hβ ? hadnever heard the siilije-.-t treated in so comprehensive amaniier in tho short timo occupiL-d in "t'Le delivery of the lecture. It evidenced;a Rroat-deal of caroful prepara tion and judicious treatment. .It would be highly if they were"chlloil-" ; for such iicaasious" IHe bad much plu*ouro iu'Becondiiig tho .resolution. '.'';.???"?-.??.?. ' ] \'-' ; .\ : : ?'??'?'"[?"?:?'''? -..;,-'.'.' .'' ;' The Clrairmani put tho resolution to the raeoling. whenjit. was carried unanimous'} - . T,ha llev.;J.. Ayling, in the vot_?,:asid only dilTicully ho found in propsriiiE 'tlie address>?' lo condpmsa the ample juaterial-at coiiimand into'tho limits of a; tingle jeoturc. Ho would hare preferred'making two lectures of it, when .lie could; have ' introduced .numerous interestinc; paHsagO? from the Koran in nupport;;of various parts of the eiibJL'ct, but this being iinpracticablo, he had sought to give one. coiilprehciiHiyu jcptnre'. In its' p'reperation ."lie had been henerU'ted in tho' 'couiulon it had given him of roadinj; up asubject which might '.?otherwise'- have b'oeu- -'passed over without close observation. - Ue had always sought to Icee'p'his eyos open .a s lie ;wunt through tbo world, to gain all tlio information h<: could, but like others ho fouud there was always eprrcthinK to '?? loam, and he woitlil.nrge the younger members of liis audience to make a similar practice and to he 'continually on the atori to in crease tlieir information.;;;, ;;: ; / .'? Jlr.. J. Denshire proposed: a vote of thanks t-> the cliairmah, eulogising that gentluman'j> constant readiness to help in any movointnt wliioli had the public welfare in viow. . v .. ' Mr. 'J. S. Arnott seconded the motion, endorsing the sentiments of the moVer. Tho,vote having been accorded by , acolamalion, tlio proceedings tonninatotl. It is not in tho powor of riches to make r iqah happy.;'..for-U w?i; wisely said, by x Minn of gront obsoryatifin, ".that thero be'-BH many, liiiserios'beyond riches ?s on thin' Bide of thoiij. , '; ; Aiid-yet. Hcfcvon deliver us froiii pincbiiigj poverty, aiid Brant Hint, having a compotcm-y, we may ; Ijo content aud thankful.: v; . '.'..?;.. ......Kxaiuple.:" moves more than homily, though it be lu?dol?muuivus. ".,:": . 