Style of the Bible Translation. If only the master-poets of the classical world could be rendered* for us as have been the magnificent Hebrews ! If translation of them could be done by a company — a com pany seeking no personal glory and impressed with such a reverence as would prevent their altering or elaborating one jot or one tittle! Such a translation would have to be in prose — for poets have their vanity, and still more have their their tongue and aspired to be its perfect servants, not its harmonious masters as versifiers claim to be. What then ? If we could but have the sweeping rhythms of our Biblical translators, need we long * for others? What poet's ghost could desire more glorifying translation of his music of words than such as the unforgettable cadence of 'How art thou fallen from heaven, Lucifer, son of the morning F' It is a cadence which, more than perfect in its isolation, would become but a monotonous doggrel in the echoed repetition of verse ; it is a glory and a sweetness that only prose must dare to possess. And yet that same book of Isaiah, and yet the Psalms, the love-song of Solomon, the pithy poetry of Proverbs, the low long wails of Ecclesiastics, can give us rivals by the dozen to this, for versifiers, inimitable rhythm. But we could be thankful for less than our Biblical swell and fall of solemn and pathetic measureless measures. Will any prose translators give us Isaac Walton's ' natural rising and falling, doub ling and redoubling, ' like his own mellifluous description of the nightingale's sweet descants ? Only the perfection of English prose could reasonably convey *to us the perfection of Greek verse ; for in our lost melodious prose the absolute poetry of sound would be compatible with blind fidelity of verbal rendering. And no sole human being can translate with the entire disinterestedness neces sary for such translation as that of our masterpiece of the English language, the version of the Hebrew Testament. The men who made that version looked above all, before all, to the letter; the spirit, they thought, was there of itself, if they were but faithful to the dictionary. If there were but men to translate Homer so by the letter ! , 