.CORRESPONDENCE. "Pedestrian."—The shortest time on reci'd for running lOO yards is 9J seconds. This feat WB8 accomplished by G. Seward, of Newhaven, Connecticut, on September 30,1844, at Hammersmith, when he beat W. Robinson, of Newton Moor, by two yards. Seward was then 27 years old and weighed 10 st. 9 lbs. His height was 5 ft. 7 in. "Fairell's Flat."—The cheapest way to prevent whitewash from rubbing off wails, &c.;, is to mix uelted fat with it in the proportion of half a pint of fat to a- bucketful of "wash." A email quantity of salt, flour, or starch similarly mixed answers the same purpose. " Bardaster," referring to complaints lately made in these columns concerning the Magiil omnibuses, suggests that the Tramway Company should run conveyances several times a day from the terminus of their line at Kensington to Magiil and Burnside. Such an arrangement would, he thinks, be a great convenience, especially to visitors on Saturdays and holidays ts the reservoirs and hills near 5Iagi.ll, as well as to the Waterfalls. The travelling accommodation at present afforded in connection with the places named is, our correspondent says, inadequate. " Jamestown. 9 —" Between yon and me" is correct. " Sympathy" wishes to call attention to the distressing circumstances in which " a family of children in the District of East Torrens" are placed through the death of their father. The children are without proper clothing and shoeless, and, further, have no money. Their orly means of subsistence, as far as we can gather from our correspondent's letter, seems to be 10s* a week supplied by the eldest son, who has to pay the remaining 10s. of his weekly wages to a Building Society. The eldest girl is only 15 years old. "Sympathy" states that arrangements have been made-by several amateurs to give an entertainment in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on September 15, in aid of the sufferers, and he hopes public sympathy will be expressed in a practical form. " Tobacco Culture in South Australia."—Our attention has been called to a misquotation eccurring in Mr. R. Dixson's letter published on September 3. Of the paragraph referring to this subject in the Register of August 9 Mr. Dixson states that the "practical man" who had lately come from Victoria proposed to grow tobacco " within eight miles from the seacoast," whereas the actual statement was that the gentleman in question wished to get suitable land in a sheltered locality "distant not less than eight miles from the seacoast." " X.Y."— From the Post-Office at IP o'clock. " A. H. Sexton"—The amending Width of Tires Act of 1S68-9 provides that no more than 9 cwt. for every inch of width on the surface of the tire or felloe actually resting on the ground shall be allowed for each wheel of a vehicle, the weight of the vehicle itself inclusive. An exception is made in the case of heavy machinery which cannot be taken to pieces without " loss or expense." " Port."—We have neither the time nor the space at present for republishing the information sought by our correspondent. The various questions have been folly dealt with by us from time to time as they have arisen, and the particulars asked for could not with justice to both parties be condensed in the form proposed by our correspondent. "Ghost of the Spectator."—An explanation in reference to the point with which your letter deals appeara in our news columns. 