It was the City and Suburban Day. The morning- was line and fresh ; the sequel to j a gentle rain, which. served both to keep down the dust and draw out the opening buds of spring. They met at a quaint old hostelry in one of the streets running from Piccadilly-Septimus in gorgeous costume, with an immense eye-glass, forwhich he had as much use as a ghost has for a cigar-case. Our two new friends found that the only vehicle available for the journey to Epsom was ft rather ramshackle brougham, for which two other gentlom^n were already in treaty. These, however, were affable, and quite ready to share the conveyance with Messrs. Block and Cutt. The strangers were rather an odd pair. They had an atr of quiet self- pos3cssion that verged upon the supernatural, yet no one would mistake them, for gentlemen. There was a certain shyness in the corners of their eyes, which produced in the mind of an un sophisticated beholder a somewhat sinister effect. They continually, though silently and without effort, referred to each other. Though never apparently looking, they were always on the look-out. One was dressed in alight suit of tweed, had a melancholy cast of counte nance, and seldom spoke; tho other was dressed in sombre garments, but by contrast was always smiling, and almost always ready to talk. " We shill be 'apy to accimraidevt," ad vanced the latter in a dialect which the fore going orthography inadequately represent!. The captain laughed and acquiesced. "You will spare us ?" he inquired, much to the sur prise of Mr: Block. . " TheHarrib of the disett never yeeolates the hospitility he hoffers/' was the enigmatical answer. They started. 'The incidents of the road were met by Captain Cutt and his newly found companions with that readiness and aploijib which genius may generate, but only experience can perfect. The driver had laid a pretty sound foundation before starting, and two or three halts on the ro?d completed the super structure of incapability by the time they arrived at Tooting. The carriage under his guidance described the course of a corkscrew, and' the quotations of bad language on the road attained a height considerably above the average of a race-day. Finally Jehu jammed the brougham firmly between a buggy and a haystack, and in thut position contentedly fell asleep. The men of business made no use , less attempts at reformation. They handed i the coachman a hideous compound of strong 1 waters, shot him under the lee of the hayitack, and there left virtue to be its own reward, j Captain Cutt took the reins, and with the help J of a sword-stick belonging to Mr. Boggle-the | melancholy gentleman in grey-made the two steeds describe the straightest line ever ac ! complished on a turnpike road since Euclid | defined that geometrical figure as the shortest I distance between two points. | The City and Suburban Day differs mate rially from the Derby gathering. It is smaller : and much more business-like. It eschews the' false noses, the green veils, Aunt Sally, gipsy | fortune-tellers, niggers, brushmen, and most of the accessories that make the greatest race of the year an epitome of British gaiety and mad ness. Tradesmen generally, and especially butchers, affect the -" First Spring." Brisket mounts his lares U pennies in his light cart, and cames down with'a*fixed'determination-to get a day's racing, combined with a moderate amount of betting,'and winding-up with a reasonable allowance of beer. On the whole the First Spring Meeting is a fair sample of the National Sport, and whatever may be its minor consequences, .rarely ends in poison phials^ pistols for one, flights to Spain, or tho Gazette. . . Captain Cutt booked a few bets in accordance with tho " system,? and then the two seated themselves in tho brougham'and watched the stream of life roll round-a chaos of hats and uproar, of bookmakers expressing their willing ness to " do any think,'* arid . of backers being willing, without expressing it, to be " done " with their eyes open. Tho aelancholy gentle man in gay attire had disappeared. Mr. Block, surveying tho scene, was especially struck by tho social consideration paid to individuals of such unprepossessing appearance that they would have incurred great risk (ho thought) of being arresjted as suspicious : characters had they put in an appearance elsewhere. "Editor of the Vigskhiy' observed the Captain, pointing to tho most ainister lookibg fellow on tho course. Ho wore a flaming chequered neckcloth, a waistcoat very^appropiutely made of the skiu of some carnivorous auimal, and very tight trousers. This light of literature had a vory largo head with an enormous undorjaw; ho was Wind of one eye and squinted with the other, but the rapid gyrations of this solitary eccentric orb were so well directed as to reuder it equal iu practice to tho two regular planets of an ordi nary individual. : " 'Cuto fellow. Just' backed Flimsy to win £3,010 over tho City and Sub." '* " ' ? "Backed Flimsy!" echoed the petrified Block. " Why the ,'itys£»w this moraiug de clares that the rac6 is a certainty for Cutseye." . " Of course," was the cool answer. "Surely it's rather warm to induce tho public to buck one borne and to buck another himself. I'm not very Hqueamiah," Mr. IJlock justly added, "but one must draw thr* line somewhere." "Tiptretj," pursued the philosophical Cutt, " like the majority of men, is deeply interested in the welfare of the human race, and that portion of the human Tace' for which he is inoritly concerned iw Number One. Tie is willing that outsiders should make fortunes, provided they do not interfere with the fortune he is rapidly making himself. He is a large bookmaker, and writes to suit liia book. He has got an idea that Flimsy will win, and therefore conceives it to bo his duty to his wife and family to persuade the public that another horse will win. Tiptree doesn't want a run upon Flimsy, and a nasty settling day in con sequence. Can a man let hit youngsters starve * Really" and the mystical hero ot the American war looked down upon Septimus with an expression of injured surprise. Mr. Block dared not betray any more in nocencc. A man of immense size now passed the car riage. His eyes were on a email scale, and everything else about him on a very large one. He was mufHedupin a great-coat of snch dimensions that one had to rely exclusively upon his honour as to his wearing any other garments beneath it; and he carried an um brella of the Gamp model. " That fellow's name is SI'Kewin. He is the mystery of the turf. Nobody knows where he came.from, or what hois. He never bets, nor follows any occupation, hut hVs has always plenty of money. Knows everything, and is equal to every dodge on the board. One of his neatest coups was played at a prize fight in the Birmingham district. The company had to walk a mile and a half to the ground, and our friend Jeremy Diddler posted hard ahead until he came to a toll-gate about half-way. * H?Te you any tickets r' said he to the pike man. 4 Noa.' * Have you a pack o1 cards. Quick!' The tollman fished an old pack out of a drawer, and M'Kewin cut them into small, pieces, each piece containing a pip. He then abut the pate and posted himself on the other side. * Fire shillings to pass through here, genTmon/ he roared. The mob stormed and swore, but Diddler wouldn't open the gate. Many paid the money, and as our big friend judiciously gare a free passage to a rough lot from Tipton, he finished the business without bodily damage. He netted a good many pounds that day, and went home after tipping " the gaping pikeman, thinking it might be as well to keep away from the fight." By the time this pleasant incident had been narrated, two races had been run, and one had been decided in faTOur of" system." As some scheme or other for infallibly winning on horse racing is every now and then leading its Tictim3 to ruin, it may be well to explain the nature of these " systems." They are, of course, ex post facto arrangements. A turf swindler, survey ing the racing, say, of last year, finds after the fact that by consistently betting in a particular way, a considerable sum might hare been netted. He publishes hia discovery and allures the unwary to make him their . agent. Tho same set of circumstances never recurs: the victims lose their money, but the agent gets his commission-and very often the principal too. One system published in Lon don showed conclusively that by backing the mounts of three leading English jockeys Archer, Constable, and Glover-a fortune might have been netted in a single season. Numerous persens employed the author of this precious discovery to bet for them the next season. It turned out that Archer was not so successful as usual, and that Constable and Glover were nowhere! Captain Cutt'a* system was simple, like all great ideas. It consisted in regularly backing for equal amounts the first and second favourites for each race. The process, the Captain allowed, was alow, but it was safe. Over eager persons backed the first favourite only-a sure mode of coming to grief. But the honours were so often divided between the first and second favourites that money regularly invested upon them . must in the end leave a balance on the right side. Thus far, however, the confidence re- . posed in the two most favoured animals had produced no decisive results. The gain by the one that won just covered the outlay on those thatlost. "But," urged Captain Cutt, "how could two races afford a test o* a great system ?" " Of course not," murmured Septimus, re joiced, however, that no harm had yet been done, for the Captain's remarks anent the estimable editor of the Pigskin had caused him some.uneasiness. 