ADELAIDE HUNT CLUB. The hounds were out again on Saturday, August 11, and those who followed them en joyed one of the best runs of the season. The meet was at Mr. Blackler's, Fulham, where the members of the Club and their friends were entertained by the genial host both before and after the hunt. There was a large attendance of spectators, who had a good view of the pro ceedings from the road. The Messrs. Downer were absent on account of the death of a relative, but there was a good muster of scarlet coats in the field. The run was a smart and exciting affair throughout, and there were but two spills. When the pack burst away in full cry down the hill they were followed by a large concourse of horsemen, but a stiff furze fence into a cross roaa ana tue wmoer opposite thinned the ranks, and a more awkward double across the Lockleys road further tested the metal of the mounted ones. Over a genuine five-barred gate into Lee son's farm went the first-flight men, while others gave the gate a wide berth, and found their way through in an easier fashion. Over a few more stiff ones, and the red coats gave another show to those who were on wheels by crossing the road again just at the entrance to the Lockleys racecourse. Here another furze hedge growing high above the timber proved to be too much for more than one whom the pace had punished, and at the back of the course Benicia Boy got a leg in the wires and brought his rider down. Near the crossing-place of the Torrens just below Bladder's the ground was very heavy and sandy. Frank Hewitt and a number more were impounded, but the leaders went on, negotiating the double twice, and finishing up near their Etaxting-place. The jumping was very good, and the majority of the two-score fences were taken fiying, as the scent was keen, and the dogs went at a cracking pace, being none the worse apparently for their gruelling at Mount Barker. The Master rode Sheet Anchor, the grey going spiritedly, and only refusing once. Those who went straight and finished were Messrs. Parr on Glencoe, Bakewell on Highover, Colley on Smoker, Moore on Garryowen, Bickford on Vanguard, Tom Smith on Unknown, Morphett on the Ghost (who came down at the last fence), and Beauchamp on Warrior (who shaped very well). Mr. T. Wigley was on Sydney, but could not make him perform, as he persistently re fused to jump. Mr. Spicer, onTlirt, distinguished himself as usual by running down the first fence and obstructing those who wanted to jump. This gentleman should get a better horse or save the animal's reputation by putting a boy up. Mr. Turner went more than halfway on Meteor, but the little horse was not in con dition, and his rider had for once to be content with a back seat. Mr. Pegler rode Fusilier, and Frank Hewitt was taken about three-quarters of the distance by Mr. Lee. The Buck and Sarche don were out with boys, but the latter, who has not yet recovered his ordinary trim, would not face the timber. Mr. Baker on Lady did a lot of hard riding, and fenced well in some of the worst places. 