SYDNEY To the Editor of the Examiner. Sœ.—Thinking a few lines to you about this fine city would not be altogether out of place, I herewith proceed to indite a few particulars. In the first place, that ever potent topic—the weather—will come under my notice. Prior to last Saturday week it was fearfully close, not a oool breath of air in any shape to temper the heat, at last a regular "brickfielder," or as they call it here, a "southerly-buster," broke over the city, 'enveloping the whole town, and every animate and inanimate being in dust. It lasted for about half an hour, then followed a delightful and very welcome rain. Since that the weather is all that could be desired. Next we refer to is business. The people here have sot that bustle about them so very noticeable in the Victorians ; they go through the streets with a leisurely air, something akin to the Tasmanians. Very few shops open till about Su., but a great many keep open till 11 and 12 at night. There are some who belong to the " Early Closing A—," they close precisely at 1 p.m. Saturday afternoon, and every night at six. What seems to be a very glaring act here is the hotels throwing wide open their doors at 1 o'clock every Sunday, but I see there is now before Parliament a bill called the "Sunday Sale of Liquors Prevention Bill," the members determining to close the places of liquor traffic on Sundays. One member said— " It would be admitted that thé traffic in intoxicating drink in this city, and throughout the country, was a frightful source of crime and Immorality"—words only too true, and which apply to .other cities and towns, as well as Sydney. The next item we notice is the various amusements at present going on in the oitv. Krat on the list is that very talented lecturer, the Rev ? e P™ tŁe fi ™t of a series of lectures last evening at the Masonic BalL The T Westminster Abbey," companion lecture to "Tie Tower of Londoi!" The lecturer was listened to with wrapt attention, and was repeatedly applauded. He met TmL^^i/? 0 0 6 8 8 011 his tour through S^? u d he ever i visit Tasmania agafn, the public will at once notice how stout hi has "T" ' e u ft theM - Mr W. Creswickis at present Mting the part of "Cardinal Wolsey " jn King Henry the VIII.» He is supported *L 'V y ry 8°°? company, and has appeared »rl C n ?,'. gbta sucoeE8 ively. Then there £ th l, Darre ". 8 1 a* to" Theatre Boyal, who are ably assisted. At this place the tre a J£ d «"B" ™ry sensational dramas. Then again Mr D'Arcy Read is showing his Ghost at Guild HalL It is a medley affair, wherein a house is haunted, Si M B ° ^y, «ten make its appearance. The Manonettes have had along nm at the School of Arts, together with sundry concerts, » Ju /5 e fess in general speak favorably of the entertainments. I had almost foreotten to mention that Mrs Scott-Siddons is Bhowing at the Queen's Theatre, supported by a very passable company. At present wa have five men-of-war in our port, including the Japanese corvette. Her crew, all told, number 313. The men belonging to her are quite oddities. They dress very much like English-navy men, but to see about twenty of them m a cluster, jabbering away at a great rate, when they see the many sights of Sydney that are to be seen, is rather amusing. She leaves for Japan direct in a few days. Then again the men of the Generaal Pel are another very funny looking class. They wander about the streets looking at the various sights with mouths wide open. I think I have told you all at present, and may send some more at a future date,—Yours, eto., March 26. OBSEEVEB. 