NEWS OF THE DAY. The period. that hns elapsed between the re. ; fusal of the British Envoy and tho declaration of war against the Ameer lias given the In- : dian authorities ample time to mature their ;plaiis; This time has not been idly spent, ; from the fact that by the latest telegrams we learn that the English troops are marching .through the Kurram Valley, and have crossed tho Kurram River. By doing' this England secures the co-operation of a largo number of Shere Ali's subjects, from whom, for a period of years, he lias obtained his rcvonue by tho sword. Besides this, the valley is extremely fortile, and otters a large field for commissariat ; resources. Tho forts, though not of much con- 'sequcnce from a military point of view, still have the advantage of commanding a position .on a route to Cabul whioh lias never been used before. The frontier tribe inhabiting tho ; Kurram River Valley were once subjects of the British ; but many years since, through jthc scruples of a Commissioner of tho Punjatib, i Shore Ali became their sovereign, and has been hated bitterly by them from the very .first. ; Por some days past, the name of Sir George iVerdon has beon mentioned as that of the jgontleman who would in all probability fill the igap caused in the ambassadorial trinity jby Sir Gnvan Duffy's retirement! ! It |is how understood, however,' that, owing to the emphatic disapproval of liis | directors in England, Sir George will not form one of the embassy. It is, therefore, .most' ! probable that the mission . will be con fined to Mr Berry 'and Professor Pearson, and will not be accompanied by a real live knight. Some time sino'e we mentioned that an attempt w.asto bemade to galvanise the country 'into active sympathy with the Reform Bill. 'Already several meetings have been Held, and 'next week the suburbs of Melbourne are to be lappealed to. It is to be hoped that stops will jbc taken to put down with a strong hand all 'attempts :to bqo-hoo; no matter from wiich iide they emanate. . Every man worthy of the lame should assist in upholdening freedom of peech. ;:s\\.r. To- day, beiiig the nitniversary of the procla- piation of the Constitution, was observed as a holiday in all the law courts. I Political affairs are at, a standstill to-day, and there is not likely to be any decided ttep towards the settlement of tho Reform question taken before members return to town on Tues- jday. Mails will bo made up nt tho General Post Office, and be despatched in tiinc to lie for warded hy the steamer Bowen, announced to leave Sydney, on the 30th inst. The timo ap pointed for closing is, for letters, packets, and newspiqj'ers, at 12.30 r>.m„ on Thursday, 28th just. Late letters will be taken up to 1 p.m., to 1)0 forwarded overland to Sydney. Letters for the United Kingdom, Japan, China, and the Enst, if specially endorsed " via Torres Straits," with the usual rates of postage pre paid, but not otherwise, will be enclosed in the mails for despatch by that route, i To-day being a public holiday, there was no regular sitting of the City Court. Messrs Wilton, Gnrton, nnd Nolan attended in tho morning to clear tho charge sheet. Tho Railway department lias accepted tho tender of the associated oolleries of Newcastle for the supply of 50,000 tons of coal at the rate of 14s per ton for the year ending 1870. The associated collerics of Newcastle comprise five different culleries, so that the Railway de partment by this arrangement will have its pick of the coal from Newcastle. A very sad case came under tho notice of the magistrates this morning. A respectable- looking young woman, evidently suffering from want, npplicd to the bench under the following circumstances. She was married about two years aud a half ago. Her husband left her a short time since, and although she found out where lie was stopping lie eluded her, About a fortnight ago she was compelled to go into the Lying- in-Hospital, and left her baby — one year and six months old— in charge of ;a woman, who, the day after, went up the country, and abandoned the child on a doorstep, where it was found by a cabman and sent to the Industrial Schools. The poor creature on coming out of tho hos pital found her child gone and with some difficulty learnt where it was. . To-day she appealed to the magistrates to make an order for its restitution. Though utterly destitute, deserted by her family because of her marriage, and with a new-born babe in tier arms, she pleaded so pitcously for the child that a war rant was grunted, and gentlemen in tho watchliouse made up a small purse for her. The heartless scoundrel who could desert his young wife in such circumstances, will, it is to lie hoped, be found and forced to support her. It was truly pitiablo to see the poor young woman's evident distress, nnd her manifest if Uiftnucq to ftffept fUni- ity, Whvu thf money was luvmled her b,y Mr Ilill slio burst into a flood of tears, saying it was the first .charity she had ever taken. Tho. case is one that should command the sympathies of the chari table. Practical help can be best given through Mr Hill, tho Police Court Visitor for the City Mission. . ; ' 1 : Placards are being distributed freely about Sandridge, urging seamen, firemen, stewards, and cooks not to ship in any of tho A.M.N. Company's or any other company's vessels that have already or are likely to engage any Chinamen to form portion of the crow. At St. Francis's Ohnrch to-morrow, at eleven o'clock, Beethoven's Grand Mass in C will be performed with a full orchestra. Signer Ortnri, Mr Weston, and and a number of talented instrumentalists have promised their valuable assistance. A i collection will be made for the library of the ; choir. Miss Rosina Carandini will sing the Isold in the Iiiffaiiimatus, Rossini's .Stahat 'Mater ; nnd also in the Mass. Mrs Hoard- Hall, alto ; Mr Skinner and amateur, tenors ; Mr Furlong, bass ; Mr Charles Sykes, the organist; and Mr W. R. Furlong, choir master, as usual, will conduct. The suggestion made by tho apccial corres- pnndentof TnnHuitAt.li, to the effect that the outlawry proclamation with respect to the Kelly gang should be printed on calico, so as to prevent its speedy destruction by the action of the weather, lias been carried into effect, and the new notices extensively circulated. The new notices contain the names of Kelly's sup- , posed associates, Charles Brown and William King. The defaulting librarian at Geclong, William Purdue, is expected to arrive ill town within a few days. The course now pursued with re gard to Victorian criminals arrested in Now South Wales is to convey them to the border, and_ having notified the Victorian police, they aro immediately re-arrested. This system is more expensive than the old plan of conveyance by sea, but avoids a number of technical incon veniences, which have proved a source of em barrassment in many cases. A few visitors continue to straggle down to the docks in the hope of something exciting turning up, but after lingering about for a short time, have nil departed, disappointed. The Platypus lias not been nblo to resume work sjnee tho accident to the machinery, but con: tinues moored inactive ill tho river. Two policemen still remain on duty to prevent a breach of the peace and check any attempt at violence on either side. /Eglcs in the Australasian writes : — When Mr Berry's will-o'-thc-wisp expedition was first proposed it was called, in derision, "Tho Embassy." Tho Ministry have calmly appro priated the title without any sense of its ridicu lous unfitness. An embassy implies, to my mind, the benrers of terms between equal powers. We don't call a shire councillors' de putation to Mr Berry himself an embassy, but a deputation. And there is certainly more equality in that ease than in Mr Berry's ap proach to tho Imperial authorities. ' Lot Ministers take the hint, and call their ill- begotten enterprise by its just namo, "The Fools' Errand." Six policemen (says the Hamilton Spectator), passed through Hamilton on Monday on route to tho scene of the liushranging exploits. These included Momited-constnule Graves, who would have been sent there ere this, but that ho wns looking after Kenneth M'Donald, and as he possesses a thorough knowledge of the district and, of the Kellys, he will probably do good service. He is just the sort of man tho Kellys will dread, as when employed as sub- overseer on a station in that locality, lie oneo had the pleasure of giving one of them a good thrashing., Constable Graves is a capital horseman, a good bushraan, can take as correct , an aim as most men, and holds a very poor opinion of the pluck of, at least, one of tho Kellys. _ The follbwing is from Wednesday's Sydnoy EveningNews — The Australians left Auckland New Zealand, this morning, in the City of New Yorlq and may be oxpected here about 8 o'clock next .Sunday night. The reception committee have made arrangements to give them a right hearty welcome at their public landing on Mon day afternoon. They will leave the steamer in the Sydney Rowing- Club's barge or launch, and will be accompanied by a procession of boats from the Sydnoy and Mercantile Rowing Club to the Prince's stairs. Mr G. F. Want's four- in-hand will be thero in readiness, and will con vey them to the Town Hall, where the Mayor of Sydney will formally welcome them ou be half the citizens. Mr R. Driver, M.L. A., Pre sident of the Cricket Association, will then deliver an address. Whilst some of the farmers along the Dean rood (says the Creswick Advertiser) can boast of having tho best crops they have had for years past, we regret to . say there are others whose crops, and more especially tho oats, aro going back. The hot winds of last week have in many cases had n blasting effect upon pad docks where the grain was in flower. Iflthcre is not rain very shortly the ground will bo worthless. The peas never looked better. Tho Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser writes : — I near that the P. R. is about to be revived in Victoria. The great American champion, Jim Allan, is about to . come from the States to try conclusions with. Jim Mace, who now holds pride of place in the .world. This event will be of interest to the whole sporting world, as no roal fight for the championship has taken place for some years, mnd Mace is.still the nominal champion. The other event of interest is a forthcoming en counter between Abe Hieken, champion of Vic toria, and Jack Thompson, who has recently ;done wonders in the_ way of slogging, having easily defeat ed Christie. Some great intercolonial an international athletic contests of all kinds are spoken of in connection with the approach ing, exhibition. It would indeed be a fine ;thiiigto have the champion cricketers, rowists, and athletes, if not of the world, at all events .of tho colonies, assembled in Melbourne in .the Exhibition time. The commissioners will .make a mistake if they do not exert themselves .as far as possible in that direction, so as to make Melbnuruea great centre when the Ex hibition is going on. Tho Horsham Times says: — "We regret to hear that a well-known squatting iirm, whose properties in tiro Wimmera district aro very large, have been compelled to succumb to the pressure of circumstances, emmed in a groat Pleasure hy the failure of the City of Glasgow Bank. We understand that the properties be longing to the firm in question have already been foreclosed upon. The firm have always Commanded respect, nnd no doubt will now command sympathy in their time of trouble." ; The Kyneton Guardian writes : — We are sorry that ex-Judge Skinner has not improved in his maimers sinco his enforced retirement from the Bunch through tile reductions in the Civil Service. On Wednesday last lie dis charged duties for Judge Bindon, who was prevented from presiding by illness. During the day lie came ill contact with one of the professional men engaged — Mr H. _ (.1 udwin. This gentleman liad oc casion to point out an omission in a summons, a full description not having been given of the defendant. He said the Supreme Court had decided that Regulation 3, having reference thereto, must he fully carried out, which had not been done in this ease, to which his. Honor replied very roughly that Sir Godwin might appeal against it, but ho should amend tho summons, Lator in tho day, whilst Mr Godwin was examining a witness as to tho entries of goods delivered having been made at the time or subse quently, . his Honor interfered in a brusq no and domineering manner, complaining of the time of the court being wasted, and causing Mr Godwin to retire from the defence of that and several other eases entrusted to him. There was not much excuse for tho judge's impatience, as the cases before tho Coiinty Court did not como on till one p.m., nnd tlicy were all concluded in the afternoon, lenring the judge the whole of the next day clear. It is but justice to add tlint Mr Godwin is invariably courteous to the bench in his mode of conducting cases in which ho is en gaged. The Golden Crown will make her usual ex cursion trip to Ciueensclifi and Sorrento to morrow. We notice by advertisement in another column that tickets for tho grand moonlight concert, given by the East Melbourne Cricket Club to tc Australian Eleven, are to be had at the following places Mullen's, Izard's, Mrs Marshall's, D. Carson's, Gharlwoutl's, Eninklyn's (tobacconist), and W. II. Cooper h. . Illustrative of the fable of the " Three Black Crows," related in our school books (says the KynetonJ Guardian) is the rumor that van circulated hero on Monday last, that the Kellys had been shot, and that six constables had also perishud in the encountor. Tho story laid this slight superstructure, that the Kyneton police had boonjnmking enquiries as to an inmate of . the Hospital, suffering from an accident, thinking that he lioro some analogy to the description of the outlaw believed to lie Wounded, who is ill wiui'iuiy ivitu tin Kifllys, 'jjUia iuquiry became known to Dr Stone, an inninla „c,i hospital. He told it to his wife, Kyneton, aud from her it was spread ' a?. "! until it assumed the proportions we have m. turned, finally reaching Taradale, where cording to our correspondent, it had mere si" lo sixteen constables having been The man in the hospital, we need lmrdly ''' proved lobe noconipanion of Kelly's. ' A great treat is in store for tile tlicatr . loving people of this city. On Friday ovenfi next, Mr .Samuel Emery, one of the fiue-it eharacter actors who has ever graced th,- Mclbourne stage, will take a benefit f the iheatre Royal, when his young, grand, and brother actor, Uie popular George Riruufii u ho has delayed lus visit to New Zealand foi IIju present, will :it)pe:ir in from Hciiry tho forth. Tbe comedy of John Bull v ill lie revived for the first timu for mauv yenrs; Mr Emery appearing as Job Thornton The frequent eases of burglaries that have been brought to the notice of the public seem to be rather on tho increase than decrease Tl. ' detectives havo been informed that the lum.senf Mr Batten, m Rosslyn street, wns forcibly en tered yesterday, betu ecu the hours of L , l.l).m., and valuable articles, such as gold a d silver watches and jewellery s-olo.n, amount ing in value to £70. Another K- glnry has been committed, in which tli. thieves took away a valuable silk dress and other articles of wearing apparel from the house of Mr Llair, m Victoria Parade, yesterday evening. josw-iuay . Mr Matthew Burnett, the social reformer is to conduct his firct macs meeting nt San E ridge t us evening, at tho local inarlcet reserve commencing at 8 o'clock. Prior to the meetl mg, however, there will he a monster torchlight procession, in which a large number of sailors will take part -p,r.,. bands nnd a large choir will bo in attendance At nine o c ook a popular entertainment will ,ho provided m the Sandridge Town Hal when songs peculiarly acceptable to sail.,!-; wil he sung. To-morrow afternoon, Mr Bur- nett will address tho public on hoard of thes s Ivorlhmnbcrlntui. Heart's Delight, with Mr Emory as Captain Cuttle, wns repeated at the Theatre Royal last evening. To-night there will be a double lull when Sir Emery will appear us Giles a Yorkslnroinan, in the drama Revenue and also as Captain Cuttle in Heart's Delist. Ill consequence of the hall being otherwise engaged there will lie 110 performance hv the city organist this evening. A new era will he inaugurated at the Academy of .Music to-night, when a season will bo opened under a now management. Mr Aarons, the proprietor, has resumed possession and under his regime proceedings will coml mcnce with the production of a new comic opera, by Plmiquette, entitled, Les Cloches do Cornoville, which has never before been played in Melbourno. It will be produced under the direction of Mr II. Braoy and Mr G Leopold, whioh will be a sufficient guarantee that it will lie properly put on tho stage. The company engaged is a strong one, including, besides Mr Braoy and Mr Leopold, Miss Clara Tlimmison, Miss Lambert, MisH Bessie Royal, Mr Tcmpletou, Mr Wallace, Mr G. A Johnson, and others. Les Cloches do Corne- villc is likely to afford a most enjoyable evening's entertainment. The New Guinea Moa, now being exhibited at a shop, in Bourko street, near Cole's Book Arcade, is a most extraordinary creature, anil completely upsets all accepted ornithological .notions. It is stated to bo only twonty months .old, and is of enormous size, and having been domesticated is quite tainc. It lias a top-knot ; very like a Turkish fez-cap. All who tako an interest in natural science should sco it. Thero will doubtless bean immense attend nnco at thePrince of Wales Opora House this evening when .Mr W. Creswick will take his faro- ; woll benefitand make his last appearaiico. On j this occasion, we notice, tho performance will be under the patronage of His Excollcncy tho Governor, and Lady Bowen. Mr Creswick is to appear in two of his great characters, as the ; performance will commence with William Toll, and will conclude with tho Jealous Wife. Wo fully anticipate a crowded attendance to wish farewell to 0110 of tho most talented actoro who have over visited theso colonies. The Princess Theatre to- night should bo well patronised, for Mr and Mrs Morton Tavares are to appear as Mophistophclcs and Marguerite in I'aust and'Marguerite.. These belong to classes of characters iff which Mi ami Mrs Tavares excel. The entertainment will concludo with A Day after the Wed ding. Miss Ada Willotts is to give her last concert at the Town Hall this evening, under tlic Eitronage of His Excellency the Governor and ady Bowon. Mr D'Arcy Rend has generously decided to give a benefit at the Athenaeum Hall, on Wed nesday next, for. tho fund being raised for the benefit of the widows and orphans of the mem bers of the police force who were murdered hy Kelly's gang. In the meantime Mr Head's Ghosts will continue to appear every evening at the Atliemeuni. ; At the popular concert at tho Town Hall 011 Monday evening, Millie. Olgn Duboin will appear in conjunction with Miss Rosina Carandini, Madame Pett, M. Caron, Mr Moroney, and the German Lcidortafel. ' Professor and MrsBnl(lwin's success at St George's Hall is most pronounced. Tlic Hall is crowded every evening, and the exposures of the tricks of the so-called mediums arc so clever ps to completely mystify everyone. ! At tho Town Ilnll, Richmond, last evening a concert in connection with the Pnwlett Cricket Club was given by a number of lady and gentleman amateurs. Tho vocalists were Miss I. Rcicl, Mr M'Nally, Mr J. Turner, and Mr E. Altninn ; and tho instrumentalists, MissA.Valentina, Miss A. Bulcomh, Miss A. M'Comas, and Mr A. Allan. Mr C. Aspinnll and Mr R. Woodville gave recitations; and Miss Constance, Messrs H. Dyer, II. Crocker, find AspinaU took part in the farce of No Cure, No Pay. All the iteniH in the pro gramme were carried out exceedingly well; but the way in which Don Juan (pianoforto solo) was played by Miss M'Comas, and The Gallants of England and The Village Blacksmith were sung by Mr M'Nally calls for special mention. : i Wo havo recoil oil from the publisher, Mr M. L. ( Ilutchln. 011, Tables forsattiog out raiway curves and Tormanent lovol Crossings, by W..F. M'lntoflli ; Mr A. J. Smith lias ' forwarded to us bis catalogue of presentation bo-ks for school prizes. Also a num ber of very noat Christmas and Now Year pictorial cards. Wo havo recoivcd from Mr Chuck, of tho Royal Arcade, a card containing portraits of tbo Austra lian Woven, together with a list of tho matches played by them in K. gland aud Amorlca, and tho ro- sults of same. I Mr h'. Bradley, tho Melbourno ogont for St. Potor's Church, Knglohnwk, Art Union, wishes to in form persons desirous of purchasing tickets that' tho list is hoing rapidly filled . up. The drawing will . .ositlvely tako pluco about tho middle of Decombor. 