' -*"".' "?'"»' ? " '. ^J$%ë' "ä&aitlaad; Mercury. Tuesday, Deoembeb 17, 1878. ,,,'.8111 JOHN BOBEBTBON's BETIBEMENT. j ^J3iE Joitîî Eobektson may claim the benefit ~ of the considerate proverb " Speak not of the dead unless you speak well." He has given np the ghost of his political life. We cannot however help thinking that He who fights and runs away May live to fight another day. But it may be that this is a real political de cease. No one will begrudge the late Leader of the Opposition his repose. It has been well-earned. He bas worked his work. He has met fortune's buffets bravely, and taken her rewards gratefully. The world of public life has frowned upon him ; it has smiled ,npon him. He has enjoyed, and still enjoys, We, obedience, honor, and troops of friends. The snow on his hair and his beard las fallon, finding him in the service of the Country. We do not think that, où the whole, he can complain of lack of public esteem and recompense. And if he will go into hermitage, we may say, as Kent said of Lear, 1 Vex not his ghost: 0, let nias pass ! he hates him jftut would upon tbe rack of this rough world Stretch him out longer. \- Tef pue remark must be allowed us, not ¿consonant \Tith the spirit of the kindly adage we have quoted. Sir John Bobertson would have gone from the political stage more gracefully, if he had gone before he had it in mind to meet the Assembly with the Ministry of which, seeing that jt was but 'a lot of names, and was never fairly quick- ened, we desire to speak tenderly. That list embraced elements of weakness which the As- sembly hod already condemned, and if the new ^Government had been brought forth, public affairs would have become as unsettled as they were,at the end of last year. Sir John ¡Robertson has therefore done the country a service by disbanding his newly-formed Government ; but he would have served his own reputation better if he had never pur- posed to undertake, with it, the control of legislative business. His earlier services to the State are written in the history of the State, in deep, broad, undying characters. To , lum, directly and indirectly, the colony owes p. much. Energy, fertility of resource, political I 'valour, perseverance, and restless activity were exerted in the cause of the people of New South Wales. His great work, the land law, has been outgrown in usefulness by circumstances. Eesults, which he did not foresee, have discredited its principles. We judge the statute by the manner in which it has worked : we judge the author by the in- tent in which he framed it : and we must take into account the conditions of the time, whifth-were not the conditions of our time. Sir John Eobertson set the battle in array against the might of squatterdom ; he assailed a great vested interest ; and he won the fight. The campaign was undertaken in the interests of the many against the few, and the cham- pion to whom victory is mainly due was the old niau eloquent who took a farewell of public life last Friday. Othervaluable legislation owesto him active, intelligent framing or generous fur- therance, and it is not saying too much to say that all our best laws have been placed on ^, the statute book with Sir John Robertson's aid. *We believe that, of late years, he has imade many mistakes. He has paid the pen- alty earned by him who errs : he has failed to be as actively useful to the people as in his earlier brighter career. And much of the work he has recently done cannot be so well measured as his former work, for he has been in Opposition for a goodly part of the time. It is not easy to compute with nicety the power for good of a critic. But he will be missed in that capacity. His long service, his experience in affairs, his aptness of reply, his readiness in debate, his command over the affections of his adherents, made him a valuable possession in Parliament; and friends and foes will alike regret that the fa- miliar figure no longer occupies its accus- tomed place. 