FEW IS OF ill JS DAT. The telegraphic! newa from our London correspondent intimates that further failures have taken place. Messrs. Hough and Bal four, of Manchester, Bradford and London, have suspended payment, their liabilities being about £2, 0(H), 000 ; and leasr. Finlay aud Co., of Of as cow, have failed for £200,000. Fresh . complications are feared with regard to the settlement of the Eastern question. The powers are pressiog Turkey to fulfil the provisions of: the Berlin treaty. The Porte not only refuses to Oarry out the provisions of the congress with respect to the territory to be ceded to Greece, but appears determined to discountenance the ! occupation of Bosnia and Herzegovina by 'Austria, and ia massing troops for the pur- ! peso of opposing Austrian rule in those pro- I vinces. The defeat of the Afghans in their I fir.t encounter with British soldiers appears ! to have had a Balu'8-y effect on tbe Ameer. | lie bos ordered tho liberation of the. British : envoy, who was sent to Cabul to announce ! the intended mission of Sir Neville Ghamber- i Jain, and was detained a prisoner. The I envoy has set out on his return jonrney, and j in the hearer of a letter from the Ameer to : the Governor- General of India, containing, no doubt, come attempt at explanation for his late arrogant conduct. Although the ap- | pointment of Sir George F. . Bowen to the governorship of Mauritius has been an nounced in the Daily A'cir.«. no offinial noti fication of his successor in Victoria has as yet been made. Daring a performance at the Coliseum Music Hall, Liverpool, thirty- three persona were killed trying to escape from tbo premises on a false alarm of lire being raised. The cablo between Port Darwin and Java is still defective. At two o'clock this morn ing the Adelaide telegraph officer notified that there would be no cable telegrams through the repairing vessel being still at work. A definite nnderstanding was arrived at yesterday between the Chief Secretary and Sir Charles Sladen as to the steps which should be taken with reference to the Reform Bills befure the two Houses of Parliament. It has been decided that a statement is to be made in the Assembly by Mr. Berry, and in the Legislative Council by Sir C. Sladen next Tuesday, after whioh a conference will take place, eaoh Chamber being represented by "three of ita members. The disoussion on the education estimates came on in the Legislative Assembly imme diately after tbe refreshment hour last night, The Minister dealt with the radons subjects connected with the education problem in a comprehehsivcspecch which occupied upwards of an hour and three-quarters in delivery. He expressed himself ' as well satisfied with the progress which tbe State system continued to niako, notwithstanding the sectarian feeling which it had to contend with in some quar- tore, Whilst the schools were increasing, and ' tho education given in them was improving, the national system was, lie believed, gaining ground largely in public estimation. The Catholio laity, he contended, wore not opposed to tho attendance, of their children at. the .State schools. Th q aversion to State education . was confined to ' the clergy of that dcnomU nation, and'so, fas froih.the parents having auy objection to the achoolB provided by the Government, they showed every disposition to send their children to them when left to their owu inclinations. They appreciated the advantages of the useful education whioh the State afforded. Referring to the attitude assumed in reference to tho question by the Bisliop of Melbourne, Mr. Smith expressedhis astonishment thatnprolateof suoli liberalsen- timents conld advooato tho re-establishment of the sectarian policy of which tho conntry had only divested itself after a severe strug gle, and in fulfilment of an earnest desire to get rid of the inconveniences that it entailed. Mr. Smith had much to say about the teachers and the reduction of salaries. He complained of. having been somewhat un kindly - treated ' by the teachers aa a body. When ho first became Minister of Public Instruction, a bead teacher never brought any matter under his notice without asking him "with bated breath" iiot to tell the heads of the depart ment lest .they should put a black mark against his name and cause him to suffer for his notion at some subsequent period.- He took that power away from the heade of, the department, however, and made the teachers practically independent. But the teachers bad rewarded him by the most severe con demnation of his action when lie found it necessary to reduco tho increment of their salaries. He explained that this reduction was absolutely indispensable on account of the enormous strides with which the annual expenditure was increasing. In the course of his speech last night on tho subject of national education, the Minis ter of Education referred to the movement initiated by tbe Carlton board of advice for tho teaching of swimming in State schools. He said that the Government would give every encouragement to teach swimming in State aehoole whore tbo facilities for it existed, aud whore it could be done without causing tho department extra expense. It would ibo. impossible to go into any outlay on each of the 1500 schools in the colony for the purpose of teaching that art without in curring an outlay, which would amount in tbe aggregate to a considerable sum. He thought, however, that the good example set hy the Carlton board of advice might and ought to be followed by many other boards of .advice. Jn the course of bis speech on tbe educa tion vote the Minister of Education inti mated that an' act waa to be introduced next session by which the teachers woald be placed on the civil list, and thus enjoy the same advantages as ordinary civil servants. Referring to the teaching of music and draw ing in the schools, ho said, that it.. was in tended .to have the preieht teaching staff .taught- the. elements of th?sc two, bjrancbss, so that the necessity of keeping a separate body of teachers to impart these classes of in struction would no longer exist. Aeubstan; tial economy would therefore be effected in that direction. Mr. Mackay is of opinion that this colony has not yet arrived at a proper sense of the importance of tho duties performed by State school teachers, Whilst the fuuotions dis charged by tbe teachers are of the utmost moment, Sir. Mackay considers that they are . much underpaid, aud the status accorded to them is far too low. Be referred in pathctio;-tormB last night to the unfortunato position onco occupied by de- nominatioual teachers, who, he said, were at one time obligod to black the parson's hoots in the morning aud occasionally to dig a grave in the buriul ground. Referring to his own chequered career, - Mr. Mackay re marked that he began life as a teacher, Bnd that ho bad tilted many positions sinoe he abandoned that honorable profession ; but he bad known no situation during the whole of his experience that he would not prefer to that of a preceptor of youth. He taunted the Minister of Publio Instruction with not proving by his actions that he was what he professed to bo, viz., the teacher's friend, and allowed a decided inclination to cham pion tho cause of what, according to him, is a hard-worked, badly-nsed and ill-appre ciated body. -The-Railway Construction Bill was intro duced by the Minister of Railways and read a first time in the Legislative Assembly last night, and tho second reading fixed for next WedueBday. \- Tbe bill authorising tbe uonstruction of tho Rosstown- Junction Railway. was read a third time in the Legislative Assembly last night, and passod. The Insolvency Statute Amendment Bill wns read a first time, and the' Contagious Diseases Bill was real a second time and referred to a select com- mittoe. Whilst private business was being pro ceeded with in tho Legislative Assembly yes terday, tbo Speaker referred to tbe presence of several private bills on the agenda which aro not likely to be dealt with this session, and suggested that the hon. members iu wboso chargo they wore should nowhave them taken off. tho notice paper. Members who have no special reason to persevere in pressing tbeir bills during the next fortnight will do well to act upon the hint thrown out by tbe Speaker, as it is only busioess of the utmost importance that will be dealt with during the remnant of tbe session. ' ' The Medical Praotitioners Statute Amend ment Bill was discussed for, some time be- torc'.the dinner hour in tbe Leuielative As sembly last nigbt. The O'ojeot of the measure is to enable persons woo can prove that tbey have gone through a regular course of medioal or surgical instruction, and that they have been in practice fifteen years, to be. registered as leealiy qualified practitioners. The debate h-d to be, ad journed at tbe termination of the period allowed for the consideration of private members' business. % Mr. A. T. Clark gave notice last night tliat he will ask the Chief Secretary at to-day's sitting of the Legislative Assembly, " Whether the Government will refrain from paying over any farther publio moneys to the Melbourne Harbor Trust until its posi tion has been satisfactorily established." Mr. R. de B. Johnstone pre euted a peti tion from the carters and draymen of Mel bourne to tbe Legislative Assembly yester day, asking for legislation for tbe prevention of the overloading of vehicles. The peti tioners alleged that they were powerless to prevent overloading, as any complaint from them on tho subject prejudioedtbem in their relations with their employers. Tbey asked therefore that the carriage of a load of more than 30 owt. by one horse should be prohi bited by law. The petition was very numerously signed. Tbe agitation in reference to tbe annual endowments of local bodies has come to an end. Yesterday Mr. Berry was visited at the. Treasury by tbe president and the secre tary of tbe conference, aud be succeeded iu demonstrating to their satisfaction the insd- vienbility of further agitation nt tbo present timo. Mr. Berry stated that the subsidies would be continued under the presentaottotho end of the financial year 1870-S0, which was such a length of time as to leave two further sessions during which the subject could he discussed and legislated upon. It will most probaby be Bettled next session : and as Mr. Berry refused to hold out the slightest hope of its being dealt with this year, tbe repre sentatives have wiBely determined to accept the inevitable, and no further appeal will be made to the Government until after the en- 1 -II "ley-n— T"tr an euing recess. Mr. Berry informed tbe depu tation that a board would be appointed to inquire into tbe. subject, and that the measure to be introduced next session would probably be based upon its report. The Bubject of religious instruction in State sobools was nnder discussion at tbe meeting of the conncil of the Congregational Union yesterday afternoon, and there was an almost nnanimous expression of opinion in favor of tbe present act. Some comment was made upon the manner in which the act was interpreted in regard to_ tbe enbject nnder review, bnt to tbe act itself, if pro perly administered, there was. only .one dis sentient. The debate woe ultimately ad journed nntll Tuesday next, when the vote will be taken. An important deputation, representing the various sections of the laeroantile and squat ting community, interested in tbe trade in stock and wool, waited upon the Commis sioner of Railways yesterday, . for the pur pose of pointing out to him tbe serious diver sion of trade whioh was taking place to New South Wales and South Australia. This they all attributed to tho operation of the import dnties on stock, the high railway rates prevailing here, and the strenuous etforts of tbe adjoining colonies to drew the trade to their markets by giving every facility in their power. Mr. Woods ad mitted the fact as to the diversion of trade, and intimated that as far as railway charges were concerned be was making all the redac tions in his power. The stock tax' was a question of national poiioy, and he woold bring the matter under the notice of the Chief Secretary, ' but at tbo same time be pointed out that everything in .the way of concession was not to be expected from the Government, but that those engaged in the wool and stock trades on their part Bhould endeavor to make some sacrifioe to secure the trade to the colony. Mr. Woods also intimated that'in the djsurso'of a few days further reductions in carriage rates would be notified.. The new line from St. Arnaud to Dnnolly will probably be opened by the -22nd of De cember next. - The oontraot time does not oixpire until the 22nd January, IS79, but the contractors have submitted a proposition to the Minister to complete it a month earlier under certain conditions, and Mr. Woods yesterday informed Mr. Dow, M.L.A., that he would, if possible, comply with tbe terms laid down, so that the line could be opened this year. Evidence waa concluded before the Land Tax Commissioners yesterday in tho appeal of ,'Mr. James Austin agaiust the classifica tion of the Avalon Estate, in the county of Grant; Mr. M 'Farland and Mr. J. T. Smith having addressed tbe commissioners on be half of the appellant and the Crown respec tively, the decision was reserved. The Com mission adjourned until to-day It was expected that Mr. Sla'ck, the recal citrant plaintiff in the suit of Slack v. At kinson, would have appeared beiore Mr. Justioe Molesworth, in the Court of Equity yesterday, to show cause why a rule nisi for his "attachment on a charge of contempt should not be made ebsolute.- Mr, Gold smith appeared for the Crown, in the absence of Mr. Webb through illness, and informed the conrt that Mays, the Sherifl's officer, had been unable to serve tho rule -nisi on Slack. The affidavit of MayB prepared in the Crown Law depart ment was read, stating that he had made every endeavor to serye Slack with a copy of the rule, but could not do so as Slack was evading service aud keopiiig his houBe. Mr. Goldsmith asked his Houoi- to enlarge tbe rule for a week,' and if he thought fit to grant liberty to effeot substituted service. His Honor thought tho affidavit was inadequate, not setting forth full particulars, and there, fore bu could not allow substituted service, but be granted the enlargement, for a weok. An important decision on the constitu tion of section 13 of the new Bills of Sale Act 557 was given, by Judge Cope yester day, in the interpleader case of Blamires v. Evans, claimant Martin. In this case Mr. Box appeared for the execution creditor, and Mr. Quiulan for the claimant. A bill of sale over certain goods was given by the defendant to Martin, who is at present in England. At the expiration of twelve months it is necessary, under the above- mentioned section, that the person entitled to the money in respect of which the bill of sale was given should file an affidavit setting forth that the money is still owing, otherwise the bill of sale becomes null and void. Mr. George Godfrey, acting as attor ney, under power, for the grantee of the bill of sale, made and filed an affidavit that the money was still due. Mr. Box, however, objected that under section 13 Mr. Godfrey was not entitled to the money, and hence could not renew the bill of sale. Mr. Quin tan contended that Mr. Godfrey being attorney under power could do for the absent principal anything which the principal himself could do, and that it was impossible under the circumstances that anyone except Mr. Godfrey could make the affidavit. Mr. Quinlan urged that as Mr. Martin was in England, he could not know whether at the end of the twelve months the money was paid or not. Judge Cope held that the language of the act of Parliament must be strictly adhered to, and that Mr Martin, the person entitled to the money, could alone renew the bill. The claim was therefore disallowed, with £2 2s. costs, execution to proceed. In the Central Criminal Court yesterday, Jonathan Saxby was tried for attemptiug to murder his wife by stabbing her in the nock. The prisoner, who was defended by Dr. Madden, was found guilty of unlaw fully wounding, and remanded for sentence. Joseph Gutlieridge waa charged with having committed a oriminnl assault. Dr. Madden appeared for the defeuce. The prosecutrix, a girl thirteen years of age, gave ' a cir cumstantial statement, but the evidence of tbe medical witnesses, Drs. Dempster, Neild and M'Crea, did not strongly support tbe oharge, and after Dr. Madden bad ad dressed the jury they ucquitted the prisoner, who was then discharged. Charles Weston was found guilty of Btealing from tho per- sou ; and a young man, named George Thomas Smith, pleaded gailty to having embezzled several small suma of money be longing to tho Trades' Hall trustees. Both wero remanded for sentence. . Mr. Joseph Story, the mayor eleot of Melbourne, yesterday appeared before Mr. Justice Molesworth, in the Court of Equity, aud was sworn in as a magistrate. The mystery surrounding the disappear ance of Elizabeth Farrell from her home at Cbllingwood, on the 12th September, is still unexplained, and tbe detectives engaged in the case have been unable to throw . any light upon tbe matter. Their movements have been kept as quiet as possible, but dur ing tbe past week it has been observed that they searched the Yarra, near Collingwood, and yesterday they again turned their atten tion to the manure depot on the Colling wood Flat. .. Their efforts, however, were witlioiit avail, and many of the residents of the neighborhood are evidently in- clinod to think that nothing will ever be beard of. the missing woman, and that her disappearance will remain a mystery. Her relative express considerable indignation that it should have been repieBauted by Patrick aod James Farrell that she was a drunkard "and possessed an ungovernable temper. They state that she was amiable in her dis position, and rarely if ever became intoxi cated. - It was reported yesterday tbat tbe brothers Farrell intended to leavei Colling wood and had removed their furniture, but such was not the case. At St. George's Hall, on Friday evening, Mr. T. Hudson, of the U. S. Minstrels, will take his benefit, when a novel and well- selcoted programme will be performed. . The favorite Shakepearian tragedy Hamlet was produced last night in the Prince of Wales Opera Honee, Mr. Creswick appear ing as the Prince of Denmark. As on tbe occasion of his first appearance in Melbourne iii this tragedy, Mr. Creswick displayed an adequate coticoption of the various details which constitute tbis great charac ter. . He ' seemed to be thoroughly . in harmony with the deep intelleotnal tone aod philosophical analyses which pervade the whole of Hamlet's soliloquies, and at the same time there was a thorough capacity of gliding from one extreme to another in the expression of bis sympathy and in his apecu- lstions on bis fate. In tho ghost scene, and ia tbe interview between Rosencrantz and Guildensternj Mr. Creswick was grand in de lineating the transitions of Hamlet's mind. He was well euppurted by Miss Helen AshtoD, Mrs. Steele, Mr. Phillips and Mr. Ireland in the leading characters. At - tbe Princess's Theatre last night, the School for Scandal was presented. Mr. Morton Tavares . sustained the role of Sir Poter Teazle, and Mrs, Tavares appeared aa Lady Teazle. Their respective performances are too well known to need any comment beyond the fact tbat farmer representations were fully equalled, and that Mrs. Tavares maintained her reputation as one of the beat exponents of tbe part ever before a Mel. bourne audience. Mr. W. H. Wallace was fairly successful as Sir Oliver Surface, but Mr. . Belton cannot be complimented upon bis interpretation of the character of Charles Surface. Mr. Humphreys was effeottve -as Careless, and the other character. „ i fairly sustained. The fiiece will h. .e1 1 this evening and to-mS mw night W I Saturday a new drama, entitled nl-0? 1 Born, will be produced for the first time. I Councillor Wilson's comtnlttea hii . fj C o-cJy! D'E6t 11 ib' 1 ur. A. j. Smith hu sent & ux&dIo; of >.11 j g =rrffoCrCK.bUrn£ I 'JVjjM r- Thos. Alston in thTchr Ve "eo' 1 £1063 U. 10d.; .nd 971 «l»res wTS C" 1 A saend concert In aid or the Interest fond .-t, Il Riven in the German t,uth»ran Church 14 II at eight o'clock. Mr. Jaitu. tiers I .0nraMlU 1 -connection witn the local Untsal ' lo j HacanoltdaroJ 1 Messrs. Bennett and Hollottay'i thS . ft'« 9 Elizabeth-street. It 1. I the Azure of a rifleman in the act ! B engraved on one side. 01 """A fa fj The special zeneral meeting of the Ronl Sc.,. H postponea from lost Thursday, «in no held tSf.J' I nlnrat half. past- seven o'clock. The huaS«» f.M fi question uf admltilnj associates ol the «od«r II .Iteration of rules, &c.; Tho ordinary mcKL. Il lug will subsequently take place. ""ituy mesu |l As ' pfeuro-pneumonU is somewhat m-ss a ! .monpt cattle azaln. Mr. SS 4 f.r.c.v.s.. has re- publlsbed information to »t.,' -I ence to inooulfition being a preventive Th,?- . lions aire clear and conclne information as to u£ general symptoms, how to obtain inoccl.tlnz ilS,' .v nd how to Juocuiate. 'RDpb, ..''J" orzanist will play the folluwinc lelectton. £' this aiternoon at fuur u'clock. namelt -In.!?. h Semirantde, Krissini ; Andante,' fmm V,"'' ?! D, Havdn (by special desire) ; opera se'lectw n Fre schutz, Weber -. grand ollcrtolre In ?(No. «l' J Wely ; oratorio selection, Lost Judcaent. sLS" i viz.. a Solo and chorus, ill Glory to theVA f rolo and Chorus, Ulessinr, Honor. 01orvL.dK. finale, Motional Anthem. ' y' "4 "n,r> fi The Bpuih Melbourne Tonic Sol-fa Association .lit I givo a concert to-altht in' the Mechanics' Ir>..i,.u. # KmerahMitll; Mr. T. J. fcimbte SumS « Th addition to several miscellaneous mu Snes 4? % Laheos Interesting cantata of the Bull!lblt5tts,5m » (by Longfellow) will bo performed. Tke nem?i. J! ri soloists are Mdme. Stelubaeb. Miss Frances flddbS ? Mr. K. Fitzgerald and Mr. F. 3. Whlitod! Jii# Turner ffiit .prciido ti tha plino, ind Uf or »' Turner «t tbe organ . ' t 