MELBOURNE. [From our own Correspondent.] November 14, 1878. Acting upon the old plan of " keeping one's dirty linen at home to wash," I do not intend to go into details as to pelitioal affairs. Were I to show you the real picture, you "would find it so disfigured with scenes—disgraceful alike to Parliament and the colony—that you would throw it away in disgust. The princir pal offenders are two. Foremost Mr. David (Jamison must be placed, who lias lately out done liis former -6elf. It is a pity that this hon. member, who has plenty of talent and ability, should so far lose his self-respect as to act the part he has lately been performing. Had the hon. member only a sufficient quan tity of prudence, he might reasonably anti cipate a brilliant political career; but now he is openly discountenanced by the Opposition (his own side) and ignored as far as it is pos sible by the other side. In his larrikinisin Mr. Gsunson has been ably seconded by Sir. Bent, who bids fair to outdo his leader, and it is only stating the truth to say that these two men hare occupied more of the time of the Assembly than all the rest of the House (Government and all) put together. Leaving this subject, I will briefly relate the most im portant business carried through. Last week, at a caucus meeting relative to the proposed embassy to England, Mr. Berry mentioned Sir (Sayan Duffy as one of the proposed Com missioners. Mr. Berry justified his decision in this respect by stating that Sir Gavan had been useful in " keeping the Governor straight," "advising His Excellency," and " assisting the Government in every way possible." This statement brought such a hornet's nest about the ears of the ex-rebel that he alluded to the matter in the Assembly. Sir Charles deuied the accusations which were niade by the opposition Press, founded of ■course on Mr. Berry's statement, but although -he denied the allegations of the Press, he did not contradict Mr. Berry's statement. The place, however, grew so hot that Sir Charles absolutely refused to be one of the Commis sioners. The explanation of Sir Charles is regarded as eminently characteristic of the man, and Punch of to- day is dreadfully hot on him. The principal cartoon represents a certain unmentionable individual (residing as is supposed in rather warm regions) offer ing to Sir Charles his horns, hoof, cloven foot, &c.;, and acknowledging that although he thought he knew a thing or two, yet Sir Charles liad proved his superiority. Up to the present the vacancy in the proposed em bassy has not been filled ; but it is tolerably certain that Mr. Berry and Professor Pearson will be two outof the three. Well, as to busi ness the only thing worth mentioning is that the Government have carried their proposal as to the embassy. To provide for the neces sary expenses of this a sum of £5,000 is to be put on the supplementary Estimates; but is quite possible that- the Council may refuse to pass any Appropriation Bill including this item, unless indeed a similar provision is made for an embassy from that body likewise. The proposed journey to England has met with much criticism and much ridicule. It is urged on one side that the utmost means have not been tried of settling the question here. On the other it is said that every means have been exhausted, and that- even if we had a dissolution, tilings would remain after the election exactly as they were, parties would not be changed, the Council would not be changed, and therefore a whole year would have been wasted. A practical suggestion has, however, come from the Hon. Mr. Heed (of the Council), which if adopted might lead to a settlement of the question. The proposal alluded to (which it is said a majority of the Council would accept) is as follows:—Appropriation Bill to pass on con dition that no question of policy is contained therein. 2. In the event of the Council re jecting any Bill which necessitates the dis solution of the Assembly, the Council also to be dissolved. 3. Should there be after re election the same difference of opinion, both Hoses to meet and vote together, and the majority to rule. 4. The Council to be elected by the ratepayers of the colony. These propositions seem to offer a fairground for discussion, and it is a pity that the Go vernment do not seem inclined to introduce them to the Assembly. Commenting upon this matter the Herald of to-day says:—" As it appears almost impossible to bring these propositions under the notice of the Assembly in the first instance, we suggest to Mr. Keid that he has a method at his command by which he can test the sense and sincerity of Parliament in the matter. He can move the second reading of the Ministerial Reform Bill, and in Committee eliminate all that is ob jectionable, at the same time substituting the above programme. By so doing, the Bill could be sent to the Assembly as amended, and it would then be for members of that Chamber in favour of the above-mentioned liberal programme to give it their vigorous support. Nor could there be any reason why the Government itself should not accept the programme and the Bill thus amended, as effecting precisely that reform which they are aiming at accomplishing. Mr. Berry and Mr. Lalor have over and over again declared that the Ministry is not wedded to the Bill passed by the Assembly. They are willing to accept any measure which will remove the possi bility of deadlocks and give finality to legis lation. This, we believe, is a genuine pro fession on the part of the Ministry, and therefore there should be no obstacle in the way of their taking up the proposals which are said to be acceptable to the Council, and which are certainly not less liberal in their tendency than any scheme of Constitutional reform yet propounded in this colony." Ac cording to one of our dailies meetings are to be at once held in the various constituencies as to the embassy, and if the meetings are favourable the ambassabors will go. What are they going to dp when they get to London? This is a question that has no£ been answered yet. The members of the expedition will take the Government Reform Bill with them, but they do not intend asking the Home authorities to make it law, but rather to seek advice and get a laiy passed so altering the Constitution Act as to enable the majority here to settle the difficulty. Mr. Berry prophesies a success, but nearly every one else predicts the reverse. I am inclined to vote with the latter. It is-hoped to close the session next week, and I really think the sooner that event takes place the better, es pscially for the Government, who if not spon in recess may never live to see one. The Mayor'6 annual dinner took place at the usual time. His Excellency was well received, and made what may I call a capital speech. He spoke of the many lifippy days he had spent here, and said he had already forgotten any unpleasantness that had arisen. He would leave Victoria conscious pf no duty wilfully unfulfilled or no offence to any one j wilfully given. Sir John O'Sliannessy trans gressed the rules of society by alluding to politics, and hoped that if Sir George Bowen had been so happy with his advisers he would lake them to Mauritius with him. So much for politics, over which subject I j have already spent more time than intended. Turnir.g to social matters the first thing to be J mentioned is our holiday week—the week wh ich makes many rich and many poor; which saddens more homes than it gladdens. It is not. my province, however, to moralize, n • duty being to give you a record of facts. JMuourne was crowded with visitors from -i:i parts of Australasia, the streets at night ■ :;ieri to be one moving mass of humanity. -For ia.te comers beds could only be obtained at fabulous prices, and many I am informed had to do without this necessary adjunct of civilized life. Our meeting is distinguished hy four names—viz., The Derby Day, the Cup Day, the Oaks Day, and the Steeplechase Day. Taking the first eventful day, Welling ton pulled off the principal event, to the great delight of the bookmakers, but to the greater disappointment of the public. The winner belonged to Mr. Johnston, and was out of Iron Iron by Punic. Time 1 min. 5 sec. Distance one and a half miles. Bather quick running that. But of course the great in terest was on the second or Cup Day. Every establishment in the city of any note closed, and irom early in the moraine till noon the road leading to the course was thronged with vehicles of every dscription. I am not going to attempt to give you an idea of it. Those of your readers who have travelled by road to the Derby in the old country can form an idea on the subject. Your correspondent was of course there—not tft see the races, but rather the assemblage. The con course was variously estimated at from 80 to 100,000 persons, and I am inclined to think the larger number the more correct. The hill and stand were crowded, and the flat pretty well filled. When the great event was run, everyone was on tiptoe, and the shout which welcomed the winner—Calamia —was deafening. The winner was the property of Mr. GL DeMestre, who has already carried off several cup races. The horse was heavily backed in Sydney and on the course. Bookmakers were giving fifteen to one against him an hour before the start. It is needless to say they were heavily bitten, and I for one am glad of it, for if there is one class of folks I Irate more than another it is the book making fraternity. The lawn was very attractive. Ladies dressed to the extreme fluttered about like so many butterflies, and for the most part dressed in good taste. I have usually sent you a description of the most striking attires, but cannot do so this year, as my friend the milliner, who has usually accompanied me, had to decline the honor ; and I must confess that I have not sufficient ability to do justice to the subject. I noticed, however, amongst all a very con spicuous failure. A lady, height four feet nothing, turned up nose, ginger hair, and a desperately bad figure, dressed in a style that might have suited a duchess of about the height of five feet four. The train this lady dragged behind her was immense, and the figure she cut was ditto. On seeing her, the lines of Burns— " O, would some power the giftie gi'e us To see oursel's as others 6ee us." strongly suggested themselves to me, and lam very sure that if the lady in question could have heard the very free criticisms passed she would have remained on the grand stand, and not have displayed her charms on the lawn. The hill was crowded with the middle class of society generally. Very happy and comfort able they appeared. Sweeps were the order of the day, and prior to every race you would see groups of friends depositing their half-crowns on the chances of drawing the winner. The only disfigurement of the Hill was the presence of the women of the town, who are not allowed into the Stand. These unfortunate creatures patronize the Hill in large numbers, and by the gaudy style of their apparel, added to their personal cliarms, catch many a fly. jEn passant, I have noticed, and noticed with reluctance, that the best looting women of Melbourne are to be found in this class. Their beauty, perhaps, has hastened their ruin. The following from the Herald shows that one deserving man, at least, has benefited:— " Amongst the various anecdotes told here in reference to the results of the heavy ' sweeps' in which, so many people had an interest in | connection with the race meeting that was brought to a close on Saturday last, that of a cab-driver, who was lucky enough, to draw Calamia in one of Miller's sweeps, is not with out interest. The purchaser of what turned out to be so fortunate a ticket has long been in struggling circumstances, but although scarcely able to support his famity, and keep his head above water, he had managed by hook or by crook to scrape together the twenty shillings required for the speculation. After the sweep had been drawn, he was offered a small profit on his chance, but fortunately for himself he refused to sell, and resolved to wait for the end. On the Cup Day he had driven down to the course with a full com plement of passengers, and remained to see the great race, perhaps with some faint hope that Calamia might get' a place' at the finish. No sooner, however, did the ringing shouts that announced the name of the winner meet his ear than he threw up his arms and fell back in his cab in a ' dead faint,' so great was the shock to his nervous system eaused by the sudden joy of finding himself the prospective possessor of £900, a sum that to him was a little fortune. It was not till after the expiration of about a quarter of an hour that he was brought round to entire conciousness, and thus enabled calmly to realise the great change which this lucky turn of Dame Fortune's wheel had effected in his circumstances." The next day, the Oaks, was the most favor able one in the meeting as far as weather was concerned. The principal race was carried off by Melita, the property of Mr. Bowler. The last day of the meeting, which is known as the Steeplechase Day, drew many thousands to the course. The Steeplechase winner was Lone Hand. Altogether the meeting has been a' great success. Of course the races did not last day and night, and so other amusements had to be provided. The Agricultural Society's Show proved an attraction for thousands, especially country folks, wliile the evenings were liberally catered for. Picking up one of last week's papers I notice the following evening enter tainments : — Opera House, Creswick as Othello ; Princess Theatre, "The Flying ScudBoyal,| JRignold as Henry V. ; Academy of Music, " Streets of New York St. Greorge's Hall, The U.S. Minstrels; Town Hall, popular concerts; Athenajum, Darcy Reed's Ghost; cricket ground, moonlight concert, &c.;, &e.; From the foregoing you will see that visitors had plenty of attraction offered them. Up to the time of closing this nothing fresh has occurred re the bushrangers. They are still at large, and the police seem quite at doubt as to where to look for them. Com plaints have been made that the police sent out are not sufficiently armed, but I think without foundation. Whether so or not it is to be sincerely hoped that ere many days are passed the miscreants will he either dead or in the hands of justice. 