OVERDALE; r < ... ... ok, ? \- THE STORY OF A PERVERT. \ . By Emma Jane Wobboisb. . s .i: . n CHAPTER XLIV.— " ! . "' CLAUDE' INTEBPOSES; r '' ' " And do you think f/u's is not martyrdom ?" said Mr. Ayliner, fairly roused at length, and 1 losing sight of the reticence .'which had been enjoined. " I tell you, Claude, if. I had my, . choice — if I might rather go to the. stake to morrow, or pursue the course to which I am impelled — I would not hesitate. . What were a few fiery pangs, a quarter of an hour of nature's direst agony, to the long, slow torture to which, by my weak indulgence of the flesh, I have condemned myself and another? It is seeing Agatha suffer as she does, as she will I fear, that inflicts the keenest pain. I could bear a life-long anguish if I might bear it, alone." "I understand you, father, in some sense, and yet What you say seems inexplicable !. What do you mean by ' a weak indulgence of the flesh ' ? " " I mean giving way to mere human affections, forming those tips which are lawful for men in /'general; but sinful to those, who have vowed ' themselves to God's holy altars and to His cause." ' : ' .;/'; v / r v : : " Sir ! ; do you mean to tell, me tliat marriage, is incompatible with a 'pure Christianity ? " ;. " Not at ''all'; ' You ought yourself to bo thinking of -marrying soon— I do not object to. \- early marriages ; biitblien you have not entered : i into; 'other and : more, binding: , ! arrangements ; you aro free to take a wife, to kno w the sweets ' of wedded ' love, to'enjoy all the. happiness of domestic; life— such freedom: I renounced , five-' \- and-twenty years -ago." i j'.-s.i-.'.U - 's ; , Vi - V You h mean - when - you : took . . ,vhat\\. are i commonly called 'holyordersi':?"- ; ii mi-;,. ; ' "Ldo, Claude. I know what you would-.say, i that the Anglican Church demands /no. sacrifice, ' that on the whole she encourages marriage, in her priesthood ; but long ago it .was shown to me that. the so-called Reformation was a terrible and almost fatal error. , I- do , not say . the Anglican Church so severed herself froni.the one Holy and Apostolic Church as to exclude her from all participation in . the work and merits of our, blessed Redeemer, but I do say, she so . broke away in her mad rebellion as. to beeome a withered branch, in which the sap cannot circulate freely,; which .has only just sufficient life in its poor, drooping leaves, and feeble, . unclasping : tendrils to maintain : something of the appearance of vitality. Its. connexion with the root.still exists, but. that Is all that one, can say. Such ,;dried-up . branches will never bear : fruit ; or, if they do, they. . .will be clusters of . the wild grape, not such as a .vigorous, healthy . vine, would bring forth." ... : ' " I thought, sir, Christ said, .' I am the Vine, iye- are the . branches.' You would make out .. that tlie Vine is the Church ! " , J : ; > : ' ' Christ", is the Vine, but He speaks and acts , . only. in and through /His own Church..;. But I will continue my explanation. ... I took orders, ; knowing no better, in this renegade . Church, . which is, after all, a branch hot. yet .finally . severed from the parent "stock. , j did not at first recognise my obligations ; it. did not seem to me that I was called to obey the dictates/and observe the discipline of the ancient Church. I was a clergyman of .the Church of England, and I miglit 'enjoy all the good things which she keeps in store for her obedient ' Children ! ; In such' a frame of mind I married yoiir ; mother ; and I may confess to you that we were hot very happy together— we never; suited;1' we never assimilated — the Lady Augusta- and' myself ! After 'awhile I began to, perceive more truely what was required of me ;as.a true son of the Church. I saw that! had) erred; in jassuming duties - which were incompatible with the high standard of devotion -ito religion and to its sacred interests which 1 wished to make my own. Still, being a husband, I tried- to be a good one, and I do nos know, that your poor mother.ever felt dissatisfied. We- had .made a marriage of expediency, and the.iresult iAvas ;not; a very . warm affection on 'either - side! ; nevertheless it never 'occurred .to me to/break the/bonds I had : laid upon myself., Eight-.and.a half years ago your mother .died, theu-. L was free to, follow out . the dictates ; of: my., own. conscience!-! without \- doing any one a wrong. : Then it was shown to me that 1 1 henceforth; ! 1 , must . consecrate ; myself .. solely to God's service— body, soul, and mind, / and inly I vowed: that so it should be, and that I would never again c/entangle myself (With: worldly i-duties -and- , obligations, - I need not go on ; you.know .howiit all happened ; you know \- Agatha,' in her young, bright beauty, with all her gifts and graces, came among us, and before I knew how greatly I was tempted, I loved her \- passionately; and I-tell you, . Claude, the love of a boy: of .twenty is as; ! moonlight into sunlight, and - as water into ; wine,?-! compared with.the . . deep, : ; strong,- intense , sentiment. ...that , takes possession ;.of a man/of forty,', ;ri;hen for the first . time, he, learns what it -is . to love truly, and fervently; and with. all his; heart. I, struggled, Claude, against what I felt in my soul, to be a sin,— I confess to you my weakness, my. shame, I struggled, but only faintly, and there, came a ; time when passion conquered,; when oll thought . of /obstacle was.;-, swept:-, away, and , I married : Agatha Bevan." ,. r. ; , ; And; ;you did a good and holy thing, sin You married a pure-hearted Christian lady, who > would " be. an. honour/, to any; man whose name . she . bore. You gave ... us, . your children, . ah . excellent friend ; young as she is, she has been a i.mother ,to.. me. :Her gentle words, . and- the > .recollection of her sweet face, have, kept me, out of many a- scrape, saved .me from: many, a sin ; . and! as for her own little ones.she is a perfect mother— yet in themocher, as is too frequently . the case,, the wife is never merged ; she is true . to you, father, as the needle to the pole. , You .i do- not ; know how dearly she loves you, or you ' .would never think of banishing ;her." - : ' Spare me, . Claude. I love iyou, my(boy, . for your championship of .your gentle, mother; mandr to : you I look to be her comforter and .- /guardian when she and I meet no more." ! Good, heavens air. !-; you are not in earnest ?" "I am-!,/; For, the. present at least we must .-part. If. she do ; not leave Overdale 1 shall / leave l it j jit will': only -precipitate . ..matters >-a little." ... Sir, j;yc»u. are representing. 'this as a partial and temporary, separation j you tell Agatha she is to go away for a time. Speak the truth to me ; I will not till the right time comes disclose it to her or to any one. If I am to be my mothei'ssole friend and guardian it is right that I should know her exact position and her probable prospects. Your last farewell will be when we set out on .this ill- omened journey ?" Mr. Ayliner bowed his head; the anguish of his spirit was too deep for words. Claude went on — "I thought so. Oh ! my poor mother! Sir ! one word more— I must say it ! I warn you that you are killing her, torturing her to death slowly and mercilessly. May God pre serve me from the delusions into which you have fallen. I see it all ! Oh, sir, I feared, yet I never thought all that has been going on in yonder church so long would end in this ! " When father and son parted Mr. Aylmer was left standing . on the spot where for the first time, drawing Agatha to him, he had said, "I was thinking of a far-off time— a time that may be very sorrowful." CHAPTER XLY. PAKEWELLS. I Claude's -interposition was of no avail ; a secret (but irresistible impulse seemed to sway the household, and by Midsummer eve all was ready for the 'departure "of Agatha and her children. , Lady Jaiie wore the saddest countenance' that ; had been hers for many a year, hut she made her preparations in silence, scarcely' heeding tlie ominous shakings of the head and the' piteous ejaculations of Sprawson, who as well as ' nurse 1 and Foster, and several o&eistofSheTMihful; old servants, knew quite well what was inpending. Mr. Aylmer avoided his' son, and indeed he avoided everybody ; he spent " his time almost wholly in the church, except when, as people said, he was not walking about "the parish, "more like a ghost than the living rector they had known so long." < < ; : Mr. Yallance was absent ; Messrs; Bonner and Gregson seemed to be flagging in their zeal ; the Misses Harrison redoubled theirs, while the walls of the new Congregational church were fast rising from the foundations. The Harrisons and others of the so-called orthodox clique, had laughed at the idea of Mr. Bellamy and a handful of schismatics, half of them poor fisherman from the Chine, and farm-labourers, being able to find the money for anything beyond the merest bam that would shelter tliem from sun and rain. "And quite good enough too," said Harriet Harrison, turning up a nose already celestially . inclined, ' ' quite good enough for heretics, who ought to be convpellcd to come back to their mother-eliurch ; quite good enough for rude rustics, and gaping fishermen, and stupid Methodists, such as are edified by Mr. Bellamy's discourses, and (think it folly to wear any kind of ecclesiastical vestment ! " But great was the astonishment of many others besides Harriet Harrison and her sisters when, it appeared that the Dene Church, though of course -.not to be compared to;the grand old Priory; --Church, rich with the treasures of antiquity, and on . which modern wealth had been unsparingly lavished, -would yet turn out to be a very handsome, Substantial building ; the plans., being furnished by the leading, architect of Hoveness, who has since those days risen to be a man of eminence in his profession- . !,:And then the Misses Harrison were ten times more angry than ever at the insufferable pre sumption of these Dissenters, who really had the impertinence and bad taste to build a Gothic Church with a spire, instead of a barn with deal pews in it ; just because they had the .money to pay for it; Mr. Bellamy gave the land, aud gave largely besides. Roberta's £1,000. was ready when wanted ; Miss Grierson contributed (her "mite" over and over again, till it reached a pretty considerable sum. Ralph Mornington was among the subscribers, and.Mr. and Mrs. Chenuery put their names down for a cool 200/., and . notified their determination, to attend the new church, as soon, as it should.be opened; "unless, indeed," the squire always added, " all this mummery and Popish nonsense should be swept awa'y ' from Overdale' church, and then 1 should prefer to worship after the ihanner of my fathers, and where my ancestors worshipped, before . me. And I. think matters will; soon come, to a crisis ; Mr.' Aylmer must lower his .tone, „or just step over the low bouridary'wall.betvye rivaLChurches/of England and Roriiea wall which he is striving ' to pull down' with all liis " might' ; only I do not tliink" he and .such as .lie; ever . will succeed, ; because patient ' John Bull/ gets out of temper sometimes .aud makes short work o'f it ; and the Britisli lion is not'so cowed but that it can roar loudly enougli.upon occasiou to scare and scatter Ilia .enemies ahd ;make them, fly !S- /But the £>euc Church' has dohe' goocl seryice and" shown' that pragmatical /fellow/' that; the' Pope is not master of England: yet,' and that people, will think for themselves aud will woi put their neck's under the yoke, of the;; g66d-for-hothing old scarlet — — ' andrMr.Ohehneiy' uM'efred 'ii word unfit for ears,'pbiite;'and lip promised 'that' ini any event his aid should be forthcoming, and that he would both in word and deed befriend the infant church. \- When the Misses Harrison heard this they declared the rector would only fulfil his duty if he publicly, excommunicated and anathematised the recusant lord of Cheunery Park. And Miss .Laura thought it ought to be done in true orthodox fashion, . with ; " ' bell, book, and candle,' which," said the young lady, playing with, her elegant; coral -rosary, ./'.'must be so impressive !" .,'The elder sister, Dorothy, mildly suggested -that, however desirable such a pro ceeding might :be, it would be inexpedient, if not impossible, in the present day ; and she was chidden by the more ardent Laura and the .vehement Harriet, who wore wrapped, in a beatific vision of .the future, in which ecclesiastical power should reign supreme, and the Church triumph over the State, and reduce .all , men to a state of holy vassalage. Miss Laura did not even despair of people being " put to open penance." And, quoting from the " Commination Service," both ladies in chorus desired "that the said discipline may be restored. again." ; " It never will be ! " said the matter-of-fact Dorothy ; . " people never will Bubmit to stand at the church-doors in a white sheet. It was all /very well in, old times,' when the. clergy had the chief power, but it would never answer now, my'dears '!"' i " If a thing is right," replied Laura, severely, "it is nonsense to talk about it answering or not answering. It must answer, if the Anglican Church is true to herself." "I cannot quite see what you want the Anglican Church to be." r "Just what it was before that terrible calamity which people call the Reformation, only not subject to the Pope of Rome — a perfect and complete Church, governed by a truo and apostolic priesthood. And of course I would have all the sects put down. It should be high treason, and punishable as such, to be a heretic, — that is to say, a Dissenter ! " "I am not prepared to go so far as that," answered Dorothy, quietly. "lama thorough Church woman, and I do hate the thing they call Dissent. Still, girls, it would never do to force people into any religion — it never has been done, and it never can be done, and persecution always results in the extension of heresy. Believe mo. the days are past for forcing people to come to church ; indeed, I am not certain but what I should feel rebellious if, instead of being left to my own convictions, I were threatened with civil pains and penalties if I put my foot inside any: unconsecratcd conventicle. Mind, I wouldn't do it now for anything ; I would keep true to my Church, if I were threatened with martyrdom for doing so, but I really cannot say how it might be if my Church threatened me- with punishments if I dared to go out of her. Why,- even' children are not to be coerced? as they were in my young' days. They will know the . reason '-.why, now; as well as their? elders. I do . not say_ it is a good state of things; - but there it is; and you cannot alter it.. 'Tt/is'a'siigh of the times,' I suppose ; and?you may as . well- try to stem the1: current of' public opinion asito turn back? the tide hryonderibay withia' score oft sweeping : brooms; , : Be r.wise -girls am older.: than i you,: and I liavo seeu howt/rashness always 'comes to grief. I am as much/in earnest as: you are, /perhaps a little more so ; but' I say, don't go in for too much. Lookbeforeyou leap, and know all your, premises before you commit yourself, to either side of the argument. I am afraid.. Mr./ Aylmer. has been. indiscreet, land I sincerely wish Mr. : Yallance had not stayed so , long. If it should; turn out that the really is what people say he is— and.l cannot.divest my own mind of suspicion— why, then the Anglican Church in' this part of the 'country will have sustained - a blow; ! As : to ; what is rumoured about the rector I do not for one moment believe it. : It;is a calumny .invented: -by. those wicked Dissentersrr:othing more, depend. upon it." "'What/ have they " been saying?" cried Laura, excitedly. . - " Nothing new.. Yon have heard the scandal. —Mr, Aylmer and his wife are said ,not to be living happily. It is reported. , that., he .is, unkind to her, that he neglects her, that some times he hardly speaks to her or looks at her'for ' days and days." , / . , ,, / ' ' Servants' gossip !"said Harriet, disdainfully. ; " I wonder you repeat such, things; Dorothy. It sounds as if you' believed iii all. \Vhy; Miss / Grierson . declares that the rector is. going'1 to send Mrs. Aylmer away and that he means to live alone at the Rectory, and practice monastic rule." / ! " Of course it is not true, "said Dorothy; "but. I must say Mrs. Aylmer does look very ill and very wretched. " . ; " She may well be wretched, seeing what an , unsound Churehwoman ' she is ; half-and-half breeds, always make people 'unhappy, -just /as half-and-half ; : measures always - result with , failure and confusion. Mrs; Aylmer will never be truly happy till she yields herself up without reserve'to the guidance of the Churclii " 1 '' But 'Mrs. , Aylmer really? is going abroad !" : ; "Is'that anything so extraordinary ? We went to ..Paris and ; to Brussels ourselves last summer,' and'/ were/ we not' talking about a tour in Switzerland only yesterday ? ' Everybody who is anybody gbes abroad nowadays; arid 'even . the ' nobodies upo tbeir betters, and are riot content -to ' stay' 'at home. And the Aylmers, with tlieir wealth and in their rank of life— why, ib'seems ju8t;tlie; natural thing !" \- " Natural/ enough; 'Harriet, but not quite so : natural tbat Mr. Aylmer should stay behind and let his wife and/children go without him. " ; " Ah;- but Mr. Claude accompanies them, and Lady Jane ,is':going- to ; Mrs. 'Aylmer will be well taken -'oare of; : Aud .they/ always do go about with such a posse of ser'vauts. Mr. Aylmer feels'pf bourse' that he cannot leave his parish.". "I'do not know; but this I say girls, mind, I don't believe the scandal ! 1 think with' you, it is all those horrid Methodists; or whatever they call themselves — it doesn't 'much' matter. They are heretics whether or not ! It is their vulgar gossip, I doubt not ; but, if Mr. Ayliner did. wrong that sweet young creatufe, send,/ her away, and leave her 'to 'speridthe -rest of'her life' as neither widow' rior wife, T for one would be the; first to condemn him. Nothing can justify a man in heiri/g faithless to. his wife;" '' 1 " Of course/ riot' !!" chimed in the ypung ladies. With all their High - Church absurdities;- they had matrimonial . aspirations, . arid/ why,; should they not have ? being both' under thirty, by no means /unattractive in person, and /having nice little fortunes of their own. " Of" course not !" they repeated ; "if a man choose to marry he ought to be a -good husband. Under no pretext can he desert her and be held blameless ; rind Mr. Aylmer is the last man to 'commit such a flagrant wrong. I daresay Mrs. ' Aylmer is' only/going first with' the children and servrints, and the rector will' join them-as soon as he finds he can do so without/ neglecting sacred duties. And they will all come home together in the autumn and the slanderers will be silenced." " ' : ? " We will hope so;" returned Miss Harrison, demurely. / /. ' " And while the sisters with light hearts speculated, and argued, arid chatted, after their five-o'clock dinner, "Agatha was wandering once more over some of her old haunts, tearless and sad, taking a farewell of beloved scenes — a farewell which some mournful instinct whispered would surely -be her last. She passed through the cloisters where first she had known how much she cared for him who was now her husband, where first she had felt the pressure of the strong arm that she afterwards thought would be her earthly stay while his life and her . life lasted.' "Until death do us part " had rung in her ears very ' often of late, and she saw again the solemn chancel of the old church at Sutton- Magria, and beheld the applauding Grilbraiths gathered round, while that voice, which was still her sweetest music, sounded in her ears, " to love, and to cherish, till death do us part, according to God's holy ordinance ; and there to I give thee my troth." The bare thought of that parting by death had been very bitter then ; even while the merry marriage-bells were ringing, those words smote upon her heart like a knell. Parting from Eustace she felt wonld be the very bitterness of death, for oh ! how empty would be the wide, wide worldi with out him ! Poor Agatha ! she had loved as few women love, as few are .capable of loving, for hers was one of those deep and quiet, yet passionately tender natures which crowd all heaven into their Elysium'.'.', of , Jove, , and all Hadies into their despair. ; .Aud liers had been no foolish, vain romance of youth. She had loved so fondly, so truly, so entirely ; not some one unworthy of her love;': J hot some one who could have dispensed with her affection, hut the man who had chosen lier r out from all the women in the world to be his t oife, his own, " according to . God's , holy ordinance " — the man was her lawful . bus band, and the father of her children ;, . rind 'now /they were to part, and it was man's/hand, not God's/so to speak, which parted , them.;. Not cleathj hut a s brange, inexorable fate., seemed , stand ing . riow between them. ,, ,/ . Out of the/cloisters;., where, the'ead/arid gono Aylmers mouldered under, gr'e/ .storica'and half- , defaced i, brasses; . Agatha . wandered' /.into/; the quiet churchyard. There, all .was - peace ; the ' birds ..were -, sirigiug,' ' the :il6tu'ers i/w/ere/; brightly wreathed around, many .'a marble crpss./and mossed headstone, and /the , liOQey.- bees. were .murmuring among , the grass arid .the. fragrant thyme that thickly carpeted some - of .the lowly hillocks. The -limes, .too,, were 'iu '.bloom, and - /the evening air was'heriyy with/their; sweetness, arid the green leaves rustled/: pleasantly,' /while a soft breeze swept mournfully through, the dark pine branches, like the.lqng- snstairied note of a solemn requiem. And in . paleVgreen; and golden slants the bright sea, swept .awayv/frotn point to point, and to, the farthermost'/hdrizori. i(, It.was all very fair, and Agatha lo ved 'it ..dearlyLrlov.ed it as only men and women /of . a . certain . calibre can love the natural beauty which.' is iiiter.woyen with their own home-life. A '.week' /agq/ she would have wept wildly, .. gazing. /for, 'the "last time on the well-beloved "GdiVs acre "' under the shadow of the' time-honoured 'stately pile, rising in all its grave iriagnifioerice' against the intense blue heavens, arid the leafy'. background of dark green and einerald! foliage,/ and sleeping as , it were with its precious dust in, the/embrace of the everlasting hills and. the ever-souriding sea ! But now she had no tears ; she/ wontlered whether she had ceased to. feel, for no . moisture came to her dark, serious eyes; and even her heart beat dully as she too let h at , mute farewell of the silent congregation /.of the dead, / and .passed through the deep porch, out /of the rich, warm, evening sunshine, iuto the ; dim and echoing nave of the great silent church;/; ; ';r Slowly she walked up , the Centre aisle, the afternoon lights falliug soffclyZ/on/the/high arches of the lofty treforium. '/ .The heriW/choir- gates Were closed, but one of the sidei/chapels was open, and Agatha entered/ arid"! passed 'on till she came to the tomb' of Lady //Agusta Aylmer. There she /paused; ' dreamily reading the inscription she /already knew 'so /.'well.' ;/F,r one moment she envied the quiet sleeper beneaoh the marble, but it was' only for ri'mpment j/ she had been loved as the high-born-,, titled" Augusta had never been ; even 'Augusta's/children; had given to her more of their affection than to their own mother ; aud Agatha felt in. her inmost heart that it is , Better to have loved and lost . Thau never, to have loved at all. - , . , / / Besides, all that was .happening was /God's will. This keen sorrow could not/have' come to her without- His permission.' In the first 'wild ariguish of realising her fate" she/ had been -all but rebellious ;. now? she . was- patient, ' and "so quiet : and calm that Eustace /wondered whether she was becoming reconciled to. the change. Strange to say, .the idea. did uob please, him ; he did not ,;liket to - think . /that . ., Agatha, .' still, 'his Agatha, was becoming passive , and indifferent. He wished to say e . her. from suffering, / and/yet lie could riot hear to think ..that from cool , and blunted feeling she should gain; -immunity from pain. ; Singular perversity,' and he hated himself for his selfishness towards her./ " No !" mused Agatha, still standing by the tomb. "No ! I would . not be, here unlesri it were God's will, .for while life lasts, there is hope of better things. This dark cloud may disperse and . all . may be calm sunshine again. . But perhaps /the sunshine, was not good for me, rind I was content to walk in the pleasant light, arid enjoy the warm bright beams, ; forgetting Him from whom the sunshine came. Yes ? rind He sends the darkness, and the. storm, also;? He can rule the waves of this' troublous world, even as He rules the wildest .billows, of. yonder changing sea. . And He can ./ and will bring good eut of evil. . All .things/ will.,', 'work together for good and to; His. glory in /the end. I must wait,;. I . mnst .be' patient; .Ib is/so hard to be still,- nor. murmur, when the blow' falls so heavily. Yet even , for this- strength is promised ; and for the children's sake I must try to live on and to be , ds . olieerful as I can. Ah ! it cannot last so very long ; he will never be so hard, so cruel! When lie is left quite alone surely he will miss me and the children — surely he will miss their happy voices and their little pattering feet, even if he school himBelf to forget me, for that is what he is trying to/ do t Not only will he separate himself from me, but he will try to kill the love that is yet in Jus heart for me. Can he do it? I think. not; love is not so easily crushed out of being ;, many waters cannot drown it. No, nor many fires- consume it, for our love was blessed of God. It was no foolish caprice, no wanton, roving fancy, but the steadfast, . hallowed, love/ which God HimBelf commands should be between those who aro joined in the bonds of mritrimbny. No; I think God will not suffer the light' of that love to be totally extinguished." - M 1 ' To be Continued'. .,h I.!.-,- Spain /and the Vatican.— The -Vatican ha3 been confidentially - informed' that the King' of Spain intends visiting Rome, .The'Pope'tnrikes no objectidri/to receive'' hiiri, eve'ri; after his 'visit "to!thetQuiririal'/;'",:'/',v,,'; '''; '»& mo.tt; -w-.ifiiv!) Slllf.l! aotilip odi U07 A 