SPECIMEN OF HAND-BILLS OF THE IRISH CHURCH MISSIONS TO -THE ROMAN CATHOLICS. A Controversial sermon will be preached (d. v. ) in Christ Church, Clifden, on Sunday evening; December 2, 1877, by the Rev. H. C. Corry, M.A., Rector of Clifden, and Canon of Tuam. Subject: Extreme Unction. Protestant Bible. " Is any sick among you? let him call for the ciders of the Church ; aud let them pray over him, anoint ing him with oil in the name of the Lord ; and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up ; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him." —St. James, v. 14, 15. Boman Catholic Bible. "Is any man sick among yon ? Let him bring in the priests of the church, and let them pray over him, anointiug him with oil in the name of the Lord. And the prayer of faith shall save the sick man : and the Lord shall raise Him up : and if he be in sins, they shall be for- forgiven him." — St. James, v. 14, 15. I his text does not teaoh extreme Unction, for — 1st — Extreme Unction means the last anoint ing, and is for the dying. The anointing of the text is for the sick. 2nd. — Extreme Unction is to prepare a man for death, this anointing was to lead to recovery.. The Lord shall raise him <up.) 3rd. — Extreme Unction iB said to be for the soul, this anointing is for the body. 4th. — 0He/>ries£adminisfcer8 Extreme Unction, many elders assisted at this anointing, that they might all join in the prayer of faith. And the prayer of faith shall save the sick. ) 5th. — Extreme Unction claims to be a sacra ment instituted by Christ, though no oue , can point out the time of the institution ; the anointing spoken of by St. James is not a sacrament, but a sign of miraculous healing. 6 th. — Extreme Unction professes to take away the relics of sin in every case, and to prepare the soul for death ; in this anointing sin is only remitted in special caseB, that is, where the sickness is a judgment inflicted for a particular sin. See 1 Cor. xi. 30-32 ; 1 John, v. 16. Can any Roman-catholie priest tell us when Extreme Unction was instituted as a sacra- ment? Does not Dr. Doyle say (Christian Doctrine, p. 101,) ' the time is uncertain?' If Extreme Unction were a sacrament instituted by Christ, would the time of institution be uncertain? When a priest anoints a dying Roman Catholic, does he not pray — ' Heal, we beseech Thee, O our Redeemer, by the grace of the Holy Ghost, the maladies of the siclc man, cure his wounds, and forgive him his sins ; drive away from him all pains of miud and body, and mercifully restore to him perfect health, both as to the interior and exterior ; that, being recovered by Thy mercy, he |may return to his former duties.'— Challoner's Catholic Christian Instructed, chap, xi., p. 186, (Duffy's edition.) Is it not plain that, when this prayer was made, anointing was intended for the healing of the body, and not as a preparation for death? And is not this further confirmed by the state- ' ment in the Catechism of the Council of Trent, p. 109, that Extreme Unction can be admin istered only to the sick, and not even to persons condemned to death, and already ordered for execution? Did not our Lord, sending forth his disciples, give them miraculous power ? ' And they cast out many devils, and anointed with oil many that were sick, and healed them.'— Mark vi. 13, Roman Catholic Bible. Was not the application of the oil in this case a sign of miraculous healing ? and is it not the same in the text James v. 14, 15. Is not the prayer of faith there spoken of, evidently faith in God'B miraculous power of healing the sick man ? ' If Extreme Unction remits venial sins and removes the relics of Bin (Doyle's Christian Doctrine, p. 101, ) and if it was instituted ' to afford us, when departing this mortal life, an easier access to heaven,' (Catechism of the Council of Trent, Donovan's Translation, p. 295) and if as the Catechism of the Council of Trent further states, ' it quiets our fear, illumines the gloom in which the soul is enveloped, fills it with pious and holy joy, and enables us to wait with cheerfulness the coining of the Lord,' what need is there that the sinner after being anointed should'go to Purgatory ? Did not Extreme Unction lead the people to trust in the hour of death to the outward application of oil to the body, instead of to the teaching and comfort of the Holy Spirit iu the soul ? Did not the Apostle John, writing to the early Christians, say — ' Bnt have you the unction from the Holy One, and know all things ? ' — 1 John ii. 20, Roman Catholic Bible. And again, ' And as for yon, let the unction which you have received from Him abide in you. And you have no need that any man teach you ; but as His unction teacheth you of all things, and is truth, and is no lie. And as it hath taught you, abide in Him.' — lJohn ii. 27, Roman Catholic Bible. Is it not better to trust to the true anointing, the Holy Spirit dwelling in the heart to quicken and comfort you, and guide yon unto all truth, instead of the outward„oil applied by a fellow- man, which can neither cure the body nor save the soul ? 