MINING INTELLIGENCE. A fair business was done on Saturday, a good few locks being dealt in. Sultan, sales 83s, 86s, buyers 84s, sellers 86s. De Mursks, sales 21s 6d, buyers 21s, sellers 21s 6d. Dykes, sales 23s 6d, buyers 23s, sellers 23a 6d. Dyke’s North-West, sales la 6d. Loughlins, Bales ISs 3d, 13a 3d, buyers 13s 3d, sellers 13a 6d. Riatori, sales 655, buyers 64a, sellers 65a. ■ South Birthdays, sales : 5a 6d, buyers sa,,sellers 5s 6d. Parkers, sales 5a lOd, buyers same, sellers 6a. Mag dales, sales 21s, 21a 6d, buyers'2ls, sellers 22a. New ington,' sales 67a, 68s, buyers 675, sellers 68s. Patricks, sales 27s 6d, buyers 275, sellers. 28s. City of Ballarat, buyers 565, sellers 635. Koh-i-Noors, buyers 3s, sellers 3a 2d. North Sultan, sellers 3s. Lothair, sellers 19s, New North Clunea, buyers £7 15a, sellers £B. Lone Hand, sellers 12s 6d. Aus tralasian, sellers 19s. Queen’s Birthday, sellers £l7 10s. Queen’s Reef, sellers 2a 6d. North Black Horse, buyers lid, sellers Is Id. King’s Birthday,, sellers 8s 3d. Black Horse, sellers £8 15s, Egerton, sellers 84b, Alfreds, sellers 4s 6d. -i-.Mr Letcher, secretary of the Ballarat Mining Exchange, reports buying and selling prices of the undermentioned stocks on Saturday:—Black Horse United, sellers £8 13a; Dykes, sellers 245, buyers 235; Egerton, sellers -83 s, buyers 81s; Kingston'Park, sellers ’l7s;’ Llanberris, sellers la 9d; Loughlin, sellers 13a 9d, buyers 13s 3d; Magdalas, sellers 21s Od, buyers 21s; North Sultan, sellers 8a 6d; r North Birth day, sellers 6s; Newington, sales 68s; Parker’s United, sales’ 5s lid, sellers 5a lid, buyers 5s 9d; Prince Patrick, sellers. 27s 6d, buyers 26a, 6d; Racecourse, sellers 275, buyers 245; Riston, sellers 655; South Scotchmans, sellers 2s 3d; Sultans, sales £4 6s, sellers £4 7b 6d; buyers £4 3s 6d; Sloanes and Scotchmans, sellers la 2d. Stawell Minirig Exchange, Saturday.—Newingtons closed-firm, with a strong upward tendency. Mag dales slightly improved. Patricks were weak, with an easier tendency. West Scotchmans wanted at Is, sellers Is 6d. Alfreds, North Cross, and Extended, quiet. Crown’s United, buyers 4s 6d, sellers 6s. Magdalas, sellers 22s 6d, buyers 21s. Newingtons, buyers 66s . 6d, sellers 68s. Patricks, sellers 27s 6d, buyers 265. Extendeds, sellers £l3 10s, buyers £l3. Alfreds, sellers ss, buyers 4a 6d. North Cross, sellers £4O, buyers £37. Two to Five Scotchmans,, buyers 14s, sellers 15S. South Scotchmans, buyers' 2a 6d, no shares offering. Nothing else mentioned. ", Smythesdale District.—Our correspondent, writing on Saturday, states that “ there is very little to report this week, Saturday next being the day for cleaning up with most of the mines. The yield of 40 oz 8 dwt, obtained by the Smythesdale- Consols Company for six and a half days, gave the. tributors £3 per man for the week, and is an inducement' for them to persevere. This is the only quartz claim worked in Smythesdale proper, although the borough is surrounded with quartz reefs. The sluicing parties will be idle for water in a few days, and nothing is now heard of the ‘ great water scheme ’ which was mooted previous to the municipal elections a few months ago, and the completion of which would, as alleged, give employment to hundreds of miners, and for which a Minister of the Crown was ‘trotted out’ and feted. It.is a pity that local requirements should be subordinated to political intrigue, and that the wants and require ments of a district should be made subservient to the vanity and ambition of petty politicians who have their own ends in view. The theory as to the extension of the deep ground from the Haddon basin to Lake Burrumbeet is in a fair way of elucidation, owing to the deep ground struck in the bore of the Reform Company’s ground. It has been contended before now that the deep ground from the City of Ballarat Company is also trending Burrumbeet way, and to demonstrate if it is so, would it not be advisable to lay an embargo on the ‘Major’for one of his American diamond boring machines for the purpose of ascertaining if such is the case 1 If it should be so, there is a large goldfield extant in that district. It will be remembered that many years ago Mr Thomas Bath sunk, but did not bottom, a shaft on his pro perty near the Burrumbeet Creek, also that fifteen or sixteen years ago there was a rush to the ranges on the east side, I think, of the lake, where gold was obtained, the sinking being about 70 feet in depth and the gold very coarse. I remember visiting this latter place for the Star, on which I reported at the time. I mentioned that Mr E, B'rtella had obtained some good specimens from the Lancashire Reef at Newtown, which are thickly impregnated with gold, but such is the apathy, want of spirit, pluck, and determination of the persons mostly interested in the'prosperity of the district, that it would require a 54-horse power engine to move them in the matter. The Try Again Company, at Scarsdale, after years of labor, • good dividends, and subsequent chequered career, has given up the ghost, and the whole of its plant is for sale, as advertised in the Star., The Little Stream Company, at Scarsdale, had only 8 oz 7 dwt for the .week, and are driving in old ground. At Staffordshire Reef the Hopewell Company is now in. full awing, crushing 16 hours out of the 24; and will clean up next week. The Speedwell Company in the same place will clean up on Saturday. Atßerringa (Kan garoo) the New Venture Amalgamated Company have accepted the tender of Charles Spinks for taking: down, carting, and re-erecting their plant for the sum , of £245, the whole to be completed in eight weeks. The William’s Fancy Company cleaned up oh" Saturday, and had 29 oz 7 dwt of gold for the fortnight. The Nil Desperandum Company took from their plates 16 oz of amalgam, but will not clean uphill Saturday next. The site for a dam at Carng bam, in litigation between Kidd and party and Chibnall and party, has now been surveyed for both, and the ,dispute will come before the warden on the last Tuesday in the month At Browns, Law, Judd, and party are still making good wages in the run of gold wMeh_ they found corning from the ranges, and winch dips into the ground of the late Contest Company, ’ The; Brothers’- plant on the Browns Ranges will be ready for crushing the week after next. Edwards and party, on the Britannia Reef, Carngham, have discovered stone richer than any that they have, as yet got. Stevens and party are stiU driving for thelode, and the Apollo Company have -not yet struck it. Davis and party, at Shake Valley, who were swamped out, have sunk another shaft. Tembey and party, in the Bame place, are engaged washing up. Kidd and party, at the Hard Hills, near the same locality, -are said, to! be obtaining 1 lb weight of gold to the . ma chine. -Several parties hereabouts are making'wages. John Scott: and Peter Leckie have had a.claim sur veyed at Mullocky Point, Browns, adjoining Law and party’s ground.” Creswick.—Week’s Yields,' Saturday—Dykes, 102 oz 13 !dwt;'Ryans,7o bz 16 dwt; Ryries, 19 oz 3 dwt. The following yield are reported-below :—Band and Albion, Consols, 140 oz 5 dwt; Black Horae United, 476 oz; City of Canterbury, 83 oz 16. dwt; De Muraka, 141 oz 7 dwt; Duchess, 17 oz 16 dwt 12 gr; Kingston Park, 112 oz 17 dwt; Llanberris, 40 oz 12 dwt : 3 gr; Parade, 102 oz 14 dwt; Queen’s Birth day, 622 oz; Ristori, 112 oz 16 dwt; Reform, 256 oz; Racecourse,-140 oz 6 dwt; Sultan, 281 oz : i2 dwt; Shark’s Parade, 56 oz; South dunes, 331 oz 11 dwt; Trunk Lead, 151 oz 3 dwt; United Black Hill, 12 oz 16 4dwt l3 .gr; Smythesdale Consols, 40 oz 8 dwt; New Eureka, 8 oz 7 dwt; New Dimock’s Reef, 50 oz; New Victoria, 53 oz 8 dwt. Managers’ Repoets. : All Fours, ■ 7th September—The crosscut west is now in 80 feet. Country' full of small leaders. Water nbout tho same. , Band and Albion Consols, 7th September—Yield for the fortnight. No. 4 shaft, 140 oz 5 dwt. At No. 6 shaft we have broken into old ground on the Miner’s Right Lead. Black Horse United, 7th September—The north drive, No, 8 level, has been extended 10 feet; lode very solid, ;Well • defined, and payable. The slopes at this level are in good working order and the lode of excel lent qualityAt,No.. 7 .level the slopes north and south of the. rise on the western side of lode are still yielding good stone* . The south drive has been ex tended 6 feet; no change in the lode. At N6. .6 level, the'-winze is down 54 feat and nearly through to the rise;. lode .very, solid and gold freely seen in it. Crushed for the fortnight 600 tons of stone, which' yielded 476 ez retorted gold. Beaconafield, Dunolly, 6th September—The winze from the crosscut at 95 feet in depth on the western reef .is still, being carried down! During the fortnight the'iode made a heave to .the west, but was cut again in a few feet, and is going down underfoot, carrying Very good payable stone. Some, good specimens were also got during the fortnight in the Eastern Reef, and several -prospects that were tried gave J dwt each of rough and fine gold to the dish of rubble. City of Canterbury, 7th September—Yield of gold for the week ending Friday, 83 ozl6 dwt. Clunes Consols, 6th September—762-feet level— The.main west crosscut has been extended 9 feet for theiweek; country harder for working, but is fair blasting ground. The present contract is nearly com pleted. Tenders are , called for re-letting same on Wednesday next, when the works committee will in spect the mine. No noticeable change in the other workings. City of Ballarat, 7th September—The new beam, is cast, and willbe finished with despatch. Duchess, 7th‘September—No. 1 shaft—Crushed 44 tons: of quartz for the week; yield, 17 oz 16 dwt 12 gr • -of smelted gold. No. 2 shaft—The contractors have taken - down the old battery and drawn the-piles, previous to putting in the new piles, which will raise the battery. 4 feet 6 inches higher than before. Do Murska, 7th September—Everything is going on welj.. The water is considerably reduced; this will effect a saving in firewood and other material. Yield, 141 oz 7 dwt. Enterprise Co-operative, Nuggetty Lead, 7th Sep tembir.^4-Works are going on satisfactorily; very fair progress has been done during the week. More men ; -have been employed. Will start 1 tc puddle in a day or two/ ; • ; ■■ '...; . . Kellers, 7th September—The crosscut for No. 3j lode stiU continues very hard, aud is now in a distance; of 23 feet east of shaft, and aboUt l 2 l feet further! will strike the lode. .. , • ./-I:;'! i Guiding Star Tribute, 7th September—A strong quartz reef was'cut daring the past week!' 20 tons of the! loose stuff put through the paddling machine averaged! 6-dwt to. the tom As it is, driven into: it shows to. be making solid, and from the rise of the cap of the reef i where met, a; few feet driving will give a good height. of backs, tqwoik. ; A trial crushing will be got out' and sent to the battery during the, ensuing fortnight. Goldbrook, 7th September—The puddling of the shaft is now completed satisfactorily. Sinking was re sumed on Friday last, and aa the shaft is now nearly dry the sinking in the reef will be rapid. Hopewell, 7th September—During the week work has been confined to the surface leader, which still presents the. same favorable indications. ; The battery will probably be cleaned up on Friday. * Hobart Pasha, 7th September—The first bore bottomed at 50 feet; second bore, started 250 feet further east, was down 69 feet on Friday; in stiff red day, not bottomed Juno, 7th September—No change in lode at No. 4 level; water coming out rather strong.- '.Have put men in No. 2 level to'take out a block of “ground between the Minerva Company and us. . The winze in the bottom of No. 3 level on W. lode is down'l3 feet, lode 2 feet thick; No change In other parts of the mine to notice. The directors; have purchased the Minerva Company’s lease, which will make a valuable addition to the companyVproperty. ' .; ' ■ • Kingston Park, 7th September—Yield of gold for the week, 112 oz 17 dwt. - - King’sßirthday, 6th September—Plans and speci fications for. the contract for faking down, removing, and reerecting the pumping and winding plant lately purchased are.being prepared, and as soon as these are ready tenders for the contract will be invited, and the work pushed bn as vigorously as possible! Llanberris, 7th September—Smelted gold, ’ 40 oz 12 dwt 3 gr. . Lone Hand, Kingston, 7th September—The tender of Robert Wilson for boring' was “accepted, and he ‘ will commence as soon as he can get the fools on the ground. The directors will mark out the site of the first.bore on,Monday. ' ... - Loughlin, 7th September—Have gone through 'first rock with bore at 66 feet, and struck second rock at i 71 feet, haying gone through 5 feet of brown clay between rocks;, are now 6 feet into second rock; total depth, 77 feet. ‘ , Lai Lai Iron, 7 th September-r-The contractor for erecting machinery expects to have, engine ready for trial starting by end of week ' The. other works are allin a forward state for smelting to be commenced when engine.is ready. , Llewellyn,; Magpie,; 7th! September—The, lower main driye struck stone; about 2 'feet thick,-from which fair prospects of gold have been obtained. ■' Magdala, 6th September—:The face, of the chamber is now in 15 feet from the shaft; in 5 feet more the drive will be turned round to the west. By present appearances, when driving west a good-sized lode will be found. . The opening set is in position, and slab bing up the remainder of shaft is being proceeded with. New Band, of Hope, 7th September—Drive in 40 feet.. Some promising leaders have been met with. North Black Horse; 7th September—The repairs to the .machinery have been completed, and everything working satisfactorily. Driving was .recommenced on ■Wednesday; no change to report; -the lode is still 7 feet wide, carrying some good-looking stone and a quantity of black slate. . .. ~ North Sultan, 7th September—No change at the mine since last report. Tributors are working with a good will, the last yield (as already reported) of 54 dwt, to the ton having given them extra confidence.' All shares forfeited for non-payment of the 23rd oall of threepence per share will be sold on Monday. ' New Victoria, 7th September!—Yield for the week, 53oz"8dwt.' 1 ; \- New Dimock’s Reef, 7th September—Yield of gold; 50 oz. The shaft is cleaned out, and driving to the lodes at lowest level commenced..- . . - • New Eureka, 7th September—No, -2 rise will be up on Tuesday, into the reef wash, in close proximity to No. 1 bore, from which such good, prospeots.were obtained. Yield of gold, 8 oz 7 dwti 'A better yield is expected during the ensuing week. Forfeited shares, if any, will be sold on -Tuesday, at 12 noon. •’; .New Phoenix, Langdon’s Hill, 7th September— The South reef drive is in 35 feet ' in very soft reef;', the jump-up will be started next week. The north drive is being repaired, and will be into wash by the end of next week. The machinery all working well. : New Australasian, 7th September—Main drive ex tended during .. the past week, a further distance of 47\. feet; total from shaft,. 398 feet. No. 1 jump-up, —From a trial washing we obtained : 84 oz of gold;- this is a very satisfactory result, as there was only a small quantity of dirt washed. " As we have not . yet out the water we are unable to wash, and have had to . slop the washdirt faces. - A drive, is now-being 1 pushed in as rapidly as.possible, which may cut the' water at any moment. New Koh-i-Noor, 7th September—No. 4 level— Drive carrying a large body of stone,'but rather broken up. No. 5 level—Driving north and south is being continued. Depth of shaft to date, 530 feet; ground good for sinking. New Lothair, 7th September—The winze and . rise between the'Noe. 4 and 5 levels were connected on Wednesday last, and the men are how engaged blast ing down the stone- left in the winze. No. 3 level— The " drive which is being drived by Grenfell and. party _ (tributors) for- the May-day lode is now , distant, from the 'starting point 160 feet, and; 7 they .expect to intersect'the lode some time during the week. There! have been-328 tons of quartz taken'to'the'battery," all of which should be through by Tuesday, i Newington and Pleasant Creek, 6th September—. The 1100-feet level has been extended southward 12 'feet during the week. The block of stone we.had been driving on cut out, and a new make has been struck in the'face, and has opened to ; 2 feet in'!thick-' ness, and shows very fair gold. The reef in the slopes above this level having become thinner a party of men have been put bn to oped out in the side qf the winze, 30,feet above, the back; of the 1100-feet level,.Where they are now engaged In stripping stone, which appears very solid, and will be cut info' on Tuesday; it is apparently a continuation-of .the same reef cut, through;in sinking the'winze, which was 5 feet -2 inches thick, and of payable quality. It is expected that in four weeks the 1100-feet level will be , sufficiently advanced to strike the fiat; reef rising .up from the level below.' • Parade, 7th' September—-Crushed for ..fortnight,.4l tons quartz; yield, 102 pz 14 dwt Irir gold. ' Prince Patrick, 6th September—The south drive in the 1340-feet level is progressing satisfactorily. The reef, which is 18 inches thick, is quite-solid under;, foot, and- baa every appearance of .opening.out wider. Contractors in the 1200-feet level have, driven 30 feet for the week, and are now squaring up the' ground and making preparations for sinking, the winze down to the 1340-feet level At the meeting of the board held on Thursday last, the directors resolved to place'the sum of £5OO to the credit of the reserve account, and made a call of Is per share on the new issue. Parker’s United, 7th September—The north; shaft, has been sunk 4 feet for the week, and-is ll'feet below bottom chamber, stone payable. South drive is in from shaft 13 feet; lode 6 feet in width, and of a fair quality. North drive, in from shaft 15 feet; lode strong and-payable, only one wall as yet; expect" to' strike the main shoot of gold in this drive in about 8 or 10 feet more. A.t main south level 9 feet driven for the week, lode 1 foot wide and improving. In the rise and slopes further back the prospects are better, and payable stone is being raised. More quartz will be through this fortnight; Will cleanup on Saturday.- Queen’s Birthday, Dunolly, 7th September—' Cleaned off, and from 651 tons obtained 622 oz of smelted gold., r ;■ Riston, 7th September—Yield for week, 112 -oz 16 dwt. Ground continues to open out well. No. 3 puddle will > be started next week, when more faces will. be put. on, and blocking commenced." North under level is being pushed ahead.“ , “ Reform, 6th September-~Yield for the week, 256 oz,' of. which No. 2 shaft gave 131'oz 4 dwt, and No. 3 . . _ - , Racecourse, 7th September—Tieldof gold for the week, 140 oz 6 dwt. , : -Sultan, !6th September—Yield, for the, fortnight; 281 oz 12 dwt retorted gold from 266 tqh§ quartz., Shark’s Parade, Little Bendigo, .7th September- Cleaned up 59 tons stone; yield, 56 oz bar gold. Smythesdale Consols, 7th September—No. 3 level— The north drive has been extended 6 feet, making present distance north of crosscut 172 feat. Good progress is bemg made with the pumps, over 200 feet of pipes having been placed.in.the shaft. Yield for days*, crushing, 40 oz 8; dwt bar gold. ■; *, , -Suheman Pasha, 7th September—-Driving to the west has been continued, and is in a : solid face with ■ heavy wash carrying gold. A portion of the prospect ting grant has been received. Forfeited shares will ■ bq sold this week. ; .South Clunea, 6th September—We have crashed at:the company’s battery as" follows;—For company, 624\. tons of quartz; yield, 197 bz 7 dwt; average, 6 dwt 7J gr; no pyrites. Crushed, for tributors, 606 tons; yield, 134 oz 4 dwt; average, .4 dwt 10 gr.; Total crushed for fortnight, 1230 tons; yield, 331 oz 11 dwt; average, 5 dwt 9 gr. Mine—No. 2-Shaft- Extended the south end, 6th level, east lode, 46 feet; total 442 feet. Corresponding level bn same lode, No, 3 shaft, driven north 30 feet, carrying 4 feet of stone,; good payable appearance; total, .312 feet. ■ About 150 feet of ground to spend before communication is effected at this level. No. 5 level—Driven'north on west lode, 2 shaft, 28 feet; total, 324 feet; lode 2 feet 6 inches, payable stone. Slopes and other under ground works ip good order.. . . ■ South .Scotchmans, 6th September—The . contrac tora in the 940-feet level - are ■ making;- good progress,' and the ground' blasts well. 0 The.south.drive: invlhe; 600-feet level hisTieeiFextended '6 : feet during the j 'week, toakmg the distance from the crbseout '2B feet.! We struck a good 1 deal .more water today in the bottom of the drive, and. there is a decided improve ment in the appearance bf thequartz how coming in’ the driye, rr . jUii -fUion : Trunk Lead, 7th September—Yield of gold for the '- week, 151 oz 8 dwt. \ f . - United Black'Hill, 7th, September—Yield : of -gold for the'fofthighfi 12 oz" 16 dwt 13 grjrom 39 tons. of quartz. Yorkshire, Tamagulla,.6th September—A contract has been let for taking down, removing, and re erecting the-puinping and winding plant lately pur chased,and : the' work is to! be completed in eight weeks.; :■ ... -■/ 