tearii3fei^He^ ' * sy iamkeTgbant. . ?-*fl«sli,1iarirSocttir,''«u49^ijbr,'Gord6n. ''Come « little this ?wayiiide;Cifetaiii!Haiidoir? I do feel ^r'your-on-m^BOul, I(do.'' ?Hmr^naior.I'tiiuikiyoii, and pray excuse my emotion.1 ?- ? '??'? ? ? ? 'Kpeicuseisnecessary. You have your own secrete pt tnejneart, andjoH.tneBe x ware no wisu co ?^nfrute. I had such thoughts {once Jmyself ; but they.are paasea.nojr— gonejlike the flqwere ot sum ! mei.-bntncit.liteHhemJto'bloom again. Alafe-for thej)opr bumauheart vrhen its blossoms die !' I . 'We' were betrothed; this dead Way and I— Be- | lothed'for— But the'time matters nothing now.' ' No ; little indeed, save a memory to treasure i and to dream over.' I Thb coffin was no'sv brought to the surface— I ! ' gave'it one steady, piercing glance— its cloth was , mouldy and damp, its grim ornaments were already S lulfy— and then I turned away. 'There is a strange bard look about you Dick Haddon.'eaid Grave3 kindly, taking my bands in his. He had never ventured to call me Dick before ' but he was considerably 'moved himself now, and his was white as a sheet. He had undoubtedly ad mired Clarice, and the memory of a pleasant past was cominp back vividly now. ' A hard look, say you. Perhaps so,' said I ; 'for bow I am a man with a settled purpose— a stern; end in view— for there is on my brow and iu my liearta shadow that will never pass away.' * Open it 3' we beard tbe voice of -rhe cyndic gay. 'They are opeuing the coffin,' whispered ?Graves, 1 . 'Oh.lieaven!' We turned away. * So exclamation of pity, commiseration, ot awe or repugnance, followed the unclosing of the lid from the group who drew near, but a clamorous ehout of astonishment. 'Wbatdio.it mean? 'There is no body here,' exclaimed the syndic. The coffin was filled with stones and sawdust. So thoroughly had my senses bt« i wrapped up in the conviction that I was close to the awf ul re mains of her I loved, that some minutes elapsed before I became certain of what was really in the coffin, and that the funeral, the grave with its turf, the tomb with its inscription, each and all ? were but parts of some deeper dream, and of a dreadful and sacrilegious mockery. But where, then, was the body ? ? Ulrik Rosing and his wife both swore positively to having seen and touched her corpse; but the. task of placing her in the coffin had been per formed by the Ilerr van Xeukerque alone and un eeen, while locked in tbe room with the dead, whose loss he affected to deplore with loud lamen tations. : 'You remember, herr cyndic, that the Alster washes the wall beiow tiie window of the room in which the body lay P ? ' Perfectly,' perfectly replied the magistrate. \- ' Then what so easy as to throw her into the river ? ' ' In her sleep, and while the [narcotic had its power— the (narcotic, herr cyndic ; for remember that my portion was simply a narcotic, as my book will testify,' urged Adderfang, with growing an liety. ' But why do so when all the necessary arrange ments had been made for a solemn funeral in the usual manner ? To the chief of the police we must leave the unravelling of this new mystery. Mean while, Moses Adderfang, you must find security for your appearance when wanted in the sum of five hundred Prussian dollars, or go to prison.' ' Oh, where am I to find so much money ?? 1 That is your affair, Jew, not mine.' p' And here, as far as the cemetery wqb concerned, the matter ended. I remembered how his brother Schalk had stolen in the night and concealed the body of Gertrude Van Bonimel for a purpose which we could not di - vine ; and I felt now 89 if my brain- would turn in earnest, while the major and Graves.almost pushed me into a droBchki, and we drove back ut a furious pace to the Hotel del 'Europe. ' CHAPTER LVT. Those who have travelled by railway from Ham burg to Kiel — on one of those flat and monotonous lines of rail, without either cutting, banking, or tunnelling— may have observed, in the dreary level but occasionally fertile district which extends north of Altona through all Holstein, a quaint old mansion of a square form; and having at three of its corners a dilapidated turret; at the fourth angle a round tower somewhat shorn of its fair propen sities. In early ages this mansion had been the residence of a man of rank, from whom it is still named Bohindsburg, and in the famous war of 1500, when' tbe llolsteiners, or the people of Ditmarsh, defeated a Danish army of thirty thousand men, and slew more than a third ofjthem, Rolandsburg was twice taken and retaken, battered, blown up, and burnt down. It is situated in a district that lias not yet been all reclaimed, about five miles from Altona, which is only separated from Hamburg by a piece of open and neuteral ground— the ' Field of the Holy Ghost' — and is surrounded by bogs, email lakes, and heaths, like the poorestjpart of' Hanover. Hence Bolandsburg was valueless as a modern residence, and after figuring for some time as n granary, with a windmill1 whitening its brown tails on the round tower at its angle, it was plundered and partly destroyed by the French foragers during the siege of Hamburg, and it re mained a ruin until Doctor Moses Adderfang con conived the idea of converting it into a species of private lunatic asylum, and as such be had rented it for a trifle yearlyjfrom the magistrates of Altona before the Danish war, and since the city changed its masters be had'been in some measure left in undisturbedipossession of the desolate old place. ? Surviving war and fire, the strong iron gratings of the days when it figured in history as a fortified dwelling, still remained in all its windows, defying ingress and egress, and the remains of a rushy and *eedy moat were traceable around it, where, when the season was wet, tbe oozy and stagnant water gathered as of old, and there large water-docks and lilies floated, and the snipe and woodcock built their nests. Here Moses Adderfang kept four or five lunatics, whose friends— kibscure dwellers in the vicinity of the Stubbeneuk— wished to hear no more of them, rod were content to pay a sum yearly for their maintenance and seclusion until such time as lie announced that the patient was dead, though some there were who shrewdly 'surmised that he was in no hurry 'to bring them such informa tion, -.-? None that he had secluded here were outrageous, but simply imbecile, or labouring under mental delusions. One old man imagined himself to be Peter the Great of Russia, and. another, who had (gone mad in consequence of liis losses in the late war, imagined himself Count of Holstein and leiidor r£ the SchleBwig cavalry, in which capacity he was wont to gallop round bis chamber daily astride on an old broom. The mother of the Jew, Eachel Adderrang, wa - Che veritable ideal of a thorough Jewish bag— £ large, bloated, and corpulent |woman, with fierce flittering,; and dishonest black eyes, enormous yellow'teeth, asd flabby, white, pendulous cheeks —a woman whose whole air end aspect told of a life of .iniquity, spent within the condemned limit* of the Schweizerstrasse : and lowest purlieus of Hamburg. This personage, with two other women of pretty similar character and one man, had charge of this unwholesome dwelling, secluded among the fens of Holstein, about three milesfrom the ICeil line of railway, and, as I have said, five miles from Ham burg. In this place did Clarice Haywood find herself on recovering from the powerful narcotic which Van Neukerque administered to her. She found herself undressed, in a strange bed in n strange room, having its walls white-washed, its floor destitute of carpet, a window twice the size of those in Ulrik's cottage, but thickly grated with iron. She imagined herself to be dreaming; hertead (warn, her senses reeled. She closed her aching eyes. There was a burning pain in her throat, which she had no means of alleviating, a palpita tion about her heart, a numbness in her limbs, and she hoped that she was now about to die, Alas 1 she had no desire to live. Van Neukerque— who bad led the Countess of Elampenborg to believe him a man of rank — had actuallyconceived, but shrunk from tbe peril, of poisoning Clarice to remove her from his path and hiH other matrimonial prospects. . Tothe eountess'who knew that Clarice was' in. bad fcealth; he had announced bet .Heath, end -in- serted it among the obituaries, in the Hamburg, papers; and to carry outyetim'ore completely the game in view, had the further 6ut ?necessary mock ery of a funeral, and-a tomb erected'inicriuedVith the new name which he had adopted. 'But, by a previous arrangement' with the. wily Adderfang, in the same 'boat which brought the coffin up the Alster to Ependbrfiie had her conveyed away. She. was lifted io her unnatural sleep from the bed taken tli rough the buck window of nosing's cottage, and conveyed across the river to where Adderfang, with a droschki, awaited her on the opposite side of the Alster, and he drove off with . her to Rolandsburp. while Van Neukerque acted the de spairing widower before the simple-hearted miller and iiis wife, aad frequently in the ardour of his nrief_ etubr&ced; the hnx of Etonesand ^rubbish. which he apostrophised as the coffin of his lost Clarice, The latter was to be treated to all intents and purposes as a mad-woman, and to be kept secluded in Rolnndsburg so long as bis excellency the Baron Elandberg paid for her maintenance, or till she was otherwise disposed of ; lint the worthy eon of Israel, on whose tender mercies she was cast, for now that he had secure possession of her, meant to make the fact of her existence a kind of patent screw wherewith to extract unlimited gold from the ' baron' if he became the husband of tbe countess, whose property, fortunately for the schemes of Adderfang, lay in the immediate vici nity of Hamburg. More than this, the villaiioue Jew saw that their common victim was delicate and beautiful, and he was not without other views for himself respecting her— views which were fully developed ere long. The treatment she had undergone at the hands of Van Xeuterque — her exnosuie scarcely clad by n'gb.', n a bout on a cold rivei — h;r drive through the ni:irsuy district to Rolandsburg— the effects of the narcotic which had beeu given her when she was really ill and oppressed by a loan term of mental distress aud repentance of tier marriage — ha.il all conduced to bring on » kind of low fever, and by the circumstances of tbe illegal place iu which sbe was secluded she was deprived of proper medicni aid. Thus, alter her removal there, many weeks went by, during which she passed through all the phrases of a protracted intermittent lever, sometimes shivering .is if amid ice, sometimes burning hot as if near a funiice— flt one time sleeping as if in ft state of utter torpor for houre— at another un naturally wakeful, nud filled with wild and wander ing fancies, when she would think lien-elf dreaming, as amid them the scenes of her past life, all mingled in utter incongruity, floated before her: fValcot Tower, her early liotne among the Northumbrian tells, her father's kind old face and glistening while hair, her sister n playful romp, her own. first love — the separation and re-union, the terrors of the Caffre war.nnd long wanderings since by land nurt sea, — all these came by fits and starts in gleams ol memory that made her weep till the sleepy torpor would steal over her again. 