Tales, Sket d hes, &Ci; S'GAffi! ; ; The cat is unqestio: lalbly the .wickedest of all animals. She is a perfect bundle of policy and deceit, iAfter walking!the table in one room, ha ring her nose in the milk pitcher, and taking the first bitejs of whatever is spread th ire for your I edification, she will come iilto the next room,, rub up against you as if to call you to dinner, and .taking al. pettings as. though she was an angel of i u^ocencc. I But it was our catwej wished to speak of in particular ; his nanie.was Sam.;' Added to all his other wiclfell qualities, he jhad the ingenuity and : understanding off a much higher class ofjapimals. Still|our Sam proved a blessing to the neighborhood. || i. Next door to us lived an old bachelor, who occupied an upper room in the bjack part of the house. He had been crufety, unhappy and sicklyj; i but in the short space of two months J he changed to a smiling, .happy and Jiealthy man.| j ' We found out afterwards what produced the change. • i | I ! This man could see! nothing to love in the character of a (jat, and as he oft had sought for (rest in vapi owing to he vocal power . of the animal, he hated them intensely. < He wad not so shortsighted as to .run the risk ojE finding a boot jack to throw at the enemy if he should have chance; but kept k little pile of stones under his bed, and [often] when jour Sjam was indulging in some kind of vocal recreation in our black yard, out of pis reach, he would sit on the window-jsill for an hour or morej waiting to get a shot. One night the iuclrless brutes chosje a seat for operations rij*ht under I liis window. Jones was elated at the night. There they sat, cr Duelled down to ground, a little apairtj eyeing each other very hard, and ano 1 giving those dismal, doleful howls whicl nothing can exceed to make night hideous. j He picked out ;he sharpest'heaviest stone. He was mi ich excited, phe sweat standingin drops 01. his forehead- W hat ifhe^honldmibsth itfelorioustsharice.- He poind Us hwd out pf tbe window islowly, He raised his Jirm.. The revenge for many sleepless mghts was in that deadly aim, and wfyen that cat's head came between that stone|and terra firma she gave up her nine tives (;without a'ljstruggle. _ • Jones was alipost overcome with joy. A complacept smile played upon Ins features as ha surveyed thejjscene of his victory. When he got back into bed, that same slnile> drove away every evil spirit that might have intentions on his peace. j ji Our Sam iwas'jthe one ;tha|t did not die, and being a' wise cat lie made himself scarce very lively after Jones had played his part. But after a few hours that cat came back, saw liis enemy lying dead, and taking into consideration Jolues, the window and th!e stione, put his]|paw besides his nose in a 1 knowing way. apd wandered off. [ j •',; .Next night Jones was again awakened, and surveying tlie field he beheld two cats in .abuost the same position which had been, taken the night before. | He was somewhat bewildered by liis good luck. I The gods were .strangely favoring him—oi was it the ghost of his victim come iback resolved that he should sleep no more ? ; j , In either case he knew his duty, and another stone i^as selected abd delivered with as dealdly j'effect as bnj|the previous night. Being IsaUslied hiiiiself that it was no ghost but a cat which, he had killed, he again jretired and enjoyed that sweet, peac'pfui, dreamless' sleep only known to the just. It is needless! to say that our cat was o the lucky one, and': many a night iter that would entice his enemy into hat fatal sppt apd utter one long peculiar rar cry whichjalways brought Jones to .he sitting posture, however sound his lumbers and keeping his eye b 1 the window 0 see that jjoneli aimed at ^hj nearest cat .nd' npt at jhim, would keep perfectly till until tiie enemy bit the, dust. He would thbn-sit at a!safe distance Lcking his pawp and heartlessly mutterog, "That |was a good slilot, Jones;" tlien he would wander off dcjwn the walk to see if tljerej was anybody else who anted to measure claws ipith him and ones. 1 ! ij This horrible carnage was carried on 1 ntil, as we have said, our neighbor was a i ew maD, anE there was not another Tom vitliin half j a iiile around.j The stone r ever hit our cat; he only mourned the ;st, when all his enemies vanished, and e had hot mor£ worlds to conquer. 