The Loves of Alonzo fitz Clarence and Rosannah Ethelton. (From the Atlantic Monhly.) CHAPTER II. FOUR weeks later Mr. Sidney Algernon Burley was entertaining a gay luncheon company, in a sumptuous drawing-room on Telegraph Hill, with some capital imitations of the voices and gestures of oertain popular actors and Son Franciscan literary people and Bonanza grandees. He was elegantly upholstered, and was a hand some fellow, barring a trifling cast in his eye. He seemed very jovial, but nevertheless he kept his eye on the door with an expectant and un easy watchfulness. By and by a noble lackey appeared, and delivered a message to the mistress, who nodded her head understandingly. That seemed to Bettle the thing for Mr. Burley ; his vivacity decreased little by little, and a dejected look began to creep into on« of his eyes and a sinister one into the other. The rest of the company departed in due time, leaving him with the mistress, to whom he •aid— " There is no longer any question about 4t. She avoids me. She continually excuses herself. If I could see her, if I could speak to her only • moment—but this suspense " — "Perhaps her seeming avoidance is mere accident, Mr. Burley. Qo to the small drawing room up-stairs and amuse yourself a moment. I will despatch a household order that is on my mind, and then I will go to her room. Without doubt she will be persuaded to see you." Mr. Burley went upstairs, intending to go to the Bmall drawing-room, but as he was passing "aunt Susan's" private parlor, the door of which stood slightly ajar, he heard a joyou laugh whioh he recognised ; so without knock or announcement he stepped confidently in. But before he could make his presence known he heard the words that harrowed up his soul and chilled his young blood. He heard a voice Bay — " Darling, it has come I" Then he heard Rosaonah Ethelton, whoße back was toward him, say— " So has yours, dearest!" He saw her bowed form bend lower; he heard her kiss something—not merely once, but again and again! His soul raged within him. The heart-breaking conversation went on: — " Roßannah, I knew you must be beautiful, but this is dazzling, this is blinding, this is intoxicat ing I" " Alonzo, it is such happiness to hear you say it. I know it is not true, but I nm 30 grateful to have you tbink it is, nevertheless 1 I knew you must have a noble face, but the grace and majesty of the reality beggar the poor creation of my fancy." Burley heard that rattling shower of kisses again. " Thank you, my Rosannah t The photograph flatten me, but you must not allow yourself to think of that Sweetheart ?" " Yes, Alonzo." " I am bo happy, Roeannah." " Oh, Aloiizo, none that have gone before me knew what love waa, none that come after ma will ever know what happiness is. I float in a gorgeous cloudland, a boundless firmament ol enchanted and bewildering ecstasy !" " Oh, my Rosannah !—for you are mine, are you not!" " Wholly, oh, wholly yours, Alonzo, now and forever! All the day long, and all through my nightly dreams, one song sings itself, and ita sweet burden is, ' Alonzo Fits Clarence, Alonzo Fitz Clarence, Eastport, State of Maine !'" " Curse him, I've got h» address, any way !" roared Burley, inwardly, and rushed from the place. Just behind the unconscious Alonzo stood his mother, a picture of astonishment. She was so muffled trom head to heel in fun that nothing of, herself was visible but her eyes and nose. She was a good allegory of winter, for she was powdeied all over with snow. "Behind the unconscious Rosannah stood " aunt Susan," another picture of astonishment. She was a good allegory of summer, for she was lightly clad, aad was vigorously cooling the perspiration on her face with a fan. Both of these women had tears of joy in their eyes. " So ho 1" exolaimed Mrs. Fitz Clarence, " this explains why nobody has been able to drag you out of your room for six weeks, Alonzo !" "So ho 1" exclaimed aunt Susan, " this ex plains why you have been a hermit for the past six weeks, Rosannah!" The young couple were on their feet in an instant, abashed, and standing like detected dealers in stolen goods awaiting Judge Lynch's doom. " BleBS you, my Bon ! I am happy in your happiness. Come to your mother's arms, Alonao " Bless you, Rosannah, for my dear nephew's sake 1 Come to my arms!" Then was there a mingling of hearts and of tears of rejotciug on Telegraph Hill and in Eastport Square. Servants were called by the elders, in both places. Unto one was given the order, " Pile this fire high with hickory wood, and bring me a roastiug-hot lemonade." Unto the other was given the order, "Put out this fire, and bring me two palm-leaf fans and a pitcher of ice-water." Theu the young people were dismissed, and the elders eat (town to talk the sweet surprise over and make the wedding plans. Some minutes before this Mr. Burley rushed from the mansion on Telegraph Hill without meeting or taking formal leave of anybody. He hissed through his teeth, in unoonsious imita. tion of a popular favorite in melodrama ! " Him shall she never wed I I have sworn it t Ere great Nature shall have doffed her winter* ermine to don the emerald gauds of spring, she shall be mine I" Chapter 111. Two weeks later. Every few hours, during tome three or four days, a very prim and devout looking Episcopal clergymen, with a cast in his eye, had visited Aloozo. According to his card, he was the Rev. Melton Hagrave, of Cincinnati. He said he had retired from the ministry on account of his health. If he had said on account of ill-health, he would probably have erred, to judge by his wholesome looks aud firm build. He was the inventor of an improve ment in telephones, and hoped to make his bread by selling the privilege of using it "At present," he continued, " a man ray go and tap a telegraph wire which is conveying a song or • concert from one State to another, and he can attach his private telephone and steal a hearing of that music as it passes along. My invention will stop all that." "Well," answered Alonzo, "if the owner of the music could not miss what was stolen, why should he care ?" "He shouldn't care," said the Reverend. " Well V said Alonzo, enquiringly. "Suppoie," replied the Reverend, "suppose that, instead of music that was passing along and being stolen, the burden of the wire was loving endearments of the most private and sacred nature?" Alonzo shuddered from head to heel. "Sir, it is a priceless invention," said he; "I mußt nave it at any cost." But the invention was delayed somewhere on the road from Cincinnati, most unaccountably. The impatient Alonzo could hardly wait. The thought of Rosannah's sweet words being shared with him by some ribald thief was galling to him. The Reverend came frequently and lamented the delay, and told of measures he had taken to hurry things up. This was some little comfort to Alonzo. One forenoon the Reverend ascended the stairs and knocked at Alonzo's door. There was no response. He entered, glanced eagerly around, closed the door softly, then ran to the telephone. The exquisitely soft, remote strains of the Sweet By and By came floating through the instrument. The singer was flatting, as üburl, the five notes that follow the first two in the chorus, when the Reverend interrupted her with this word, in a voice which was an exact imita tion of Alonzo's, with just the fainteßt flavor of impatience added, — "Sweetheart!" " Yes, Alonzo !" " Please don't fiiug that any more this week, — try svmethiug modern." The agile step that goes with a happy heart was heard on the stairs, and the Reverend, smiliug diabolically, sought sudden refuge behind the heavy folds of the velvet window curtain. Alonzo entered and flew to the tele phone. Said he, — "Kosannab, dear, shall wo sing something together V " Something modern ?" asked she, with sar castic bitterness. " Yes, if you prefer." " Sing it yourßelf, if you like 1" This snappisbneps amazed and wounded the young miin. Ho paid,— " Kosannah, that was not like you." " I suppose it becomes me aa much aa your very polite Bpeech became you, Mr. Fitz Clarence," "Mitter Fitz Clarence! Rosannah, there was nothing impolite about my speech." " Oh, indeed ! Of course, then, I misunder stood you, and I most humbly beg your pardon, ha-ha-ha! No doubt you aaid, 'Don't sing it any more to-day.'" " Sing what any more to-day V " The song you mentioned, of course. How very obtuse we are, all of a sudden 1" " I never mentioned any song." " Oh, you didn't F " No, I didn't /" " I am compelled to remark that you did." " And I am obliged to reiterate that I didn't." "A second rudeness! That is sufficient, sir. I will never forgive you. All is over between us." Then came a muffled sound of crying. Alonzo hastened to Bay, — " Oh, Rosannah, unsay those words ! There is some dreadful mystery here, some hideous mistake. lam utterly earnest and sincere when I say I never said anything about any song. I would not hurt you for the whole world . . . Rosannah, dear? . . . Oh, speak to me, won't you ?" There was a pause; then Alonzo heard the girl's sobbings retreating, and knew that she had gone from the telephone. He rose with a heavy sigh and hastened from the room, saying to him self, "I will ransack the charity missions and the haunts of the poor for my mother. She will persuade her that I never meant to Wound her." A minute later, the Reverend was crouching over the telephone like a cat that knoweth the ways of the prey. He had not very many minutes to wait. A soft, repentant voice, tremu lous with tears, said, — "Alonzo, dear, I have been wrong. You could not have said bo cruel a thing. It must have been someone who imitated your voice in malice or in jest" The Reverend coldly answered, in Alonzo's ones, — " You have said all was over between us. So let it be so. I spurn your proffered repentance, and despise it I" Then he departed, radiant with fiendish tri umph, to return no more with his imaginary telephonic invention forever. Four hours afterward, Alonzo arrived with bis mother from her favorite haunts of poverty and vice. They summoned the San Francisco house hold ; but there was no reply. They waited, and continued to wait, upon the voiceless tele phone. At length, when it was sunset in San Fran cisco, and three hours and a-half after dark in Eastport, an answer came to the oft-repeated cry of "Rosannah!" But, alas, it was aunt Susan's voice that spoke. She said,— " I have been out all day } just got in. I will go and find her." The watchers waited two minutes — five minutes—ten minutes. Then came these fatal words, in a frightened tone, — " She is gone, and her baggage with her, To visit another friend, she told the servants. But 1 found this note on the table in her room. Listen : ' I am gone j seek not to trace me out; my heart is broken, you will never see me more. Tell him I shall always think of him when I sing my poor Sweet By and By, but never of the unkind words he said about it' That is her note. Alonzo, Alonzo, what does it mean? What has happened f' But Alonzo sat white and cold as the dead. His mother threw back the velvet curtains and opened a window. The cold air refreshed the sufferer, and he told his aunt his dismal story. Meantime his mother was inspecting a card which had disclosed itself upon the floor when she cast the curtains back. It read, "Mr. Sydney Algernon Burley, San Francisco." " The miscreant I" shouted Alonzo, and rushed forth to seek the false Reverend and destroy him; for the card explained everything, since in the course of the lovers' mutual confessions they had told each other all about all the sweethearts they had ever had, and thrown no end of mud at their failings and foibles, —for lovers always do that. It has a fascination that ranks next after billing and cooing. Chapter IV. Dttriho the next two months, many thugs happened. It had early transpired that Roaan nah, poor suffering orphan, had neither returned to her grandmother in Portland, Oregon, nor sent any word to her save a duplicate of the woful note she had left in the mansion on Tele graph HIIL Whosoever was sheltering her—if she was still alive—had been persuaded not to betray her whereabouts, without doubt; for all efforts to find trace of her had failed. Did Alonzo give her up ? Not he. He said to himself, " She will sing that sweet song when she is sad; I shall find her." So he took his carpet sack and a portable telephone, and shook the snow of his native city from his arctics, and went forth into the world. He wandered far and wide and in many States. Time and again, strangers were astonished to see a wasted, pale, and woe-worn man laboriously climb a telegraph pole in wintry and lonely places, perch sadly there an hour, with his ear at a little box, then come sighing down, and wander wearily away. Sometimes they shot at him, as peasants do at aeronauts, thinking him mad and dangerous. Thuß his clothes were much shredded by bullets and his peison grievously lacerated. But he bore it all patiently. In the beginning of his pilgrimage he used ofteu to say, " Ah, if I could but hear the Sweet By and By !" But toward the end of it he used to shed tears of anguish and say, "Ah, if I could but hear something else 1" Thus a month and three weeks drifted by, and at last some humane people seized him and con fined him in a private mad-house in New York. He made no moan, for bis strength was ail gone, and with it all heart and all hope. The superin tendent, iv pity, gave up his own comfortable parlor and bed-chamber to him nud nursed him with affectionate devotion. At the end of a week the patient was able to leave hid bed for the first time. He was lying, comfortably pillowed, on a sofa, listening to the plaintive Miserere of the bleak March winds, and the mv tiled sound of tramping feet in the street below, —for it was about bix in the evening, nnd New York was going home from work. He had a bright fire and the added cheer of a couple of Btudent lampa. So it was warm and anug within, though bleak and raw without; it waH light and bright within, though outside it was as dark and dreary as if the world had been lit with Hartford gas. Alonzo smiled feebly to think how lub loving vagaries had made him a maniac in the eyes of the world, and was proceeding to pursue his line of thought further, when a faint, sweet strain, the very ghost of sound, so remote and attenuated it seemed, struck upon his ear. His pulses stood still; he listened with parted lips and bated breath. The Bong flowed on,— he waiting, listening, rising slowly and uncon sciously from his recumbent position. At last he exclaimed, — "It is! it is Bhe! Oh, the divine flatted notes I" He dragged himself eagerly to the comer whence the sound proceeded, tore aside a curtain, and discovered a telephone. He bent over, and aa the last note died away he burst forth with the exclamation, — " Oh, thank Heaven, found at last t Speak to me, Rosannah, dearest! The cruel mystery has been unravelled; it was the villain Burley who mimicked my voice and wounded you with in solent speech 1" There was a breathless pause, a waiting age to Alonzo ; then a faint sound came, framing itself into language,— " Ob, say those precious words again, Alonzo 1 "They are the truth, the veritable truth, my Rosannah, and you shall have the proof, ample and abundant proof 1" " Oh, Alonzo, stay by me ! Leave me not for a moment! Let me feel that you are near me ! Tell me we shall never be parted more t Oh, this happy hour, this blessed hour, this memor able hour 1" "We will make record of it, my Rosannah ; every year, as this dear hour chimes from the clock, we will celebrate it with thanksgiving, all the years of our life." " We will, we will, Alonzo !' " Four minutes after biz, in the evening, my Rosannab, shall henceforth" — "Twenty- three minutes after twelve, after noon, shall"— " Why, Rosannah, darling, where are you t" "In Honolulu, Sandwich Islands. And where are you ? Stay by me ; do not leave me for a moment. I cannot bear it Are you at home!" " No, dear, I am in New York,—a patient in the doctor's hand." An agonizing shriek came buzzing to Alonzo s ear, like the sharp buzzing of a hurt gnat; it lost power in travelling five thousand miles. Alonzo hastened to say,— "Calm yourself, my child. It is nothing. Already I am getting well under the sweet healing of your presence. Rosannah T" " Yes, Alonzo 1 Ob, how you terrified me! Say on." " Name the happy day, Roeannah I" There was a little pause. Then • diffident small voice replied, "I blush—but it is with pleasure, it is with happiness. Would—would you like to have it soon ?" " This very night, Rosannah I Oh, let us risk no more delays. Let it be now I—this very night, this very moment 1" " Oh, you impatient creature ! I have nobody here but my good old uncle, a missionary for a generation, and now retired from service,— nobody but him and his wife. I would so dearly like it if your mother and your aunt Susan " — " Our mother and our aunt Susan, my Rosan nab." " Yes, our mother and our aunt Susan,—l am content to word it so if it pleases you; I would so like to have them present." "So would I. Suppose you telegraph aunt Susan. How long would it take her to come T' " The steamer leaves San Francisco day after to-morrow. The passage is eight days. She would be here the 31st of March." " Then name the Ist of April: do, Rosannah, dear." "Mercy, it would make us April fools, Alonzo I" "So we be the happiest ones that that day's sun looks down upon in the whole broad expanse of the globe, why need we care ? Call it the Ist of April, dear." " Then the Ist of April it shall be, with all my heart!" " Ob, happiness I Name the hour, too, Rosan nah." " I like the morning, it is so blithe. Will eight in the morning do, Alonzo ?" " The loveliest hour in the day,—since it will make you mine." There was a feeble but frantic sound for some little time, as if wool-lipped, disembodied spirits were exchanging kisses ; then Rosannah said, " Excuse me just a moment, dear; I have an appointment, and am called to meet it." The young girl sought a large parlor and took her place at a window which looked out upon a beautiful scene. To the left one could view the charming Nuuana Valley, fringed with its ruddy flush of tropical flowers and its plumed and graceful cocoa palms ; its rising foothills clothed in the shining green of lemon, citron, and orange groves ; its storied precipice beyond, where the first Kamehameha drove his defeated foes over to their destruction—a spot that had forgotten its grim history, no doubt, for now it was amiling, as almost always at noonday, under the glowing archeß of a succession of rainbows. In front of the window one could see the quaint town, and here and there a picturesque group of dusky natives, enjoying the blistering weather; and far to the right lay the restleßS ocean, tossing its white mane in the sunshine. Rosannah stood there, in her filmy white rai ment, fanning her flushed and heated face, wait ing. A Kanaka boy, clothed in a damaged blue necktie and part of a silk hat, thrust his head in at the door, and announced, " 'Frisco haole /" " Show him in said the girl, straightening her- Belt up aud assuming a meaning dignity. Mr. Siduey Algernon Burley entered, clad from head to heel in diizzling snow—tbnt is to Bay, in the lightest nud whitest of Irish liven. He moved eagerly forward, but the girl made a gesture and gave him a look which checked him suddenly. She Baid, coldly, " I am here as I promised^ I believed your assertions, I yielded to your im portunities, and said I would name the day. I name the Ist of April—B in the morning. Now go I" "Oh, my dearest, if the gratitude of a life time » " Not a word. Spare me all sight of you, all communication with you, until that hour. No— no supplications; I will have it bo." When he was gone, she sank exhausted in a chair, for the long eiege of troubles she had undergone had watted her strength. Presently *he said, " What a narrow escape ! If the hour appointed had been an hour earlier —Oh, horror, what an escape I have made 1 And te think I had come to imagine I was loving this beguiling, this truthless, this treacherous monster. Oh, he shall repent his villainy I" Let us now draw this history to a close, for little more needs to be told. On the 2nd of the ensuing April, the Honolulu Advertiser contained this notice:— Mabrued.—ln this city, by telephone, yester day, Monday, at eight o'clock, by* Rev. Nathan Hays, assisted by Rev. Nathaniel Davis, of New York, Mr. Alonzo Fitz Clarence, of Eaatport, Maine, U. S., and Miss Rosannah Ethelton, of Portland, Oregon, U.S. Mrs. Susan Howland, of San Francisco, a friend of the bride, was present, she being the guest of the Rev. Mr. Hays and wife, uncle and aunt of the bride. Mr. Sydney Algernon Hurley, of San Francisco, was also present, but did not remain till the conclusion of the marriage service. Captain Hawthorne's beautiful yacht, tastefully decorated, was in waiting, and the happy bride and her friends immediately departed on a bridal trip to Lahaina and Haleakala. The New York papers of the same date con tained this notice :— Mabbied.—ln this city, yesterday, by tele phone, at half past two in the morning, by Rev. Nathaniel Davis, assisted by Rev. Nathan Hays, of Honolulu, Mr. Alonzo Fitz Clarence, of East port, Maine, and Miss Rosannah Ethelton, of Portland, Oregon. The parents and Beveral friends of the bridegroom were present, and enjoyed a sumptuous breakfast and much festivity until nearly sunrise, and then departed on a bridal trip to the Aquarium, the bride groom's state of health not admitting of a more extended journey. Toward th« dose of that memorable day, Mr. and Mrs. Fitz Alonzo Clarence were buried in sweet converse concerning the pleasures of their several bridal tours, when suddenly the young wife ex claimed : " Oh, Lonny, I forgot 1 I did what I said I would." "Did you, dear?" " Indeed I did. I made him the April fool! And I told him so, too t Ah, it was a charming surprise ! There he stood, sweltering in a black dress suit, with the mercury leaking out of the top of the thermometer, waiting to be mar* ried. You should have seen the look he gave when I whispered it in his ear ! Ah, his wicked ness cost me many a heart-ache and many a tear, but the score was all squared up then. So the vengeful feeling went right out of my heart, and I begged him to stay, and said I forgave him everything. But he wouldn't He said he would live to be avenged ; said he would make our lives a curse to us. But he can't, can he, dear!" " Never in this world, my Rosannah I" Aunt Susan, the Oregoman grandmother, and the young couple and their Eastport parents, are all happy at this writing, and likely to remain so. Aunt Susan brought the bride from the Islands, accompanied her across our continent, and had the happiness of witnessing the raptur ous meeting between an adoring husband and wife who had never seen each other until that moment. A word about the wretched Burley, whose wicked machinations came so near wrecking the hearts and lives of our poor young friends, will be sufficient. In a murderous attempt to seize a crippled and helpless artisan who he fancied had done him some small offence, he fell into a cauldron of boiling oil and expired before he could be extinguished. Mark Twain. An Eminent Russian Journalist.—The most eminent journalist in Russia is M. Katkoff, a friend of the Czar and a pet of the Panslavist party. He conducts the Moscow Qazettt, a journal controlled by the University of Moscow. He has hired it on a lease of twelve years, in con sideration of the annual payment of nearly $60,000—an enormous rental; but as the paper has a circulation of 40,000 copies and a monopoly of advertising in the city, he is making a for tune out of it He speaks English faultlessly, but hates England desperately. He also conducts a monthly review, the Moscow Qazttte, which occupies a high place in the literature of the Empire, and yet is devoted mainly to the repro duction of English novels and to the criticism of works published in London. There are three leading reviews, in which serial stories like those of Ivan Tourgueneff are published. While Russia is looking at Englishmen through the eyes of M. Katkoff, a man who once admired them, but who, Bince the Polish insurrection, has ut terly abhorred them, they in turn are learning much about the Empire of the Romanoffs through the medium of St. Petersburg corres pondence in the London papers. Mr. Wallace, the author of the freshest and most valuable work on modern Russia, is a correspondent of the Times. The News and Standard are also well served. The Pall Mall Gazette is publishing a curious but very able aeries of essays on " The Russian of To-day," in which the demoralization of all classes of society ia presented with painful realism.— Baltimore Bullttin. Death ok Mr. Justin M'Cabthy.—lt is with sincere regret that we (Public Opinion) have to announce the death of Mr. Justin M'Corthy, at the early age of forty- Beven. Mr. M'Carthy was for many yeai-s the editor of the Horning Star, and latterly was a writer on the Daily Nrwa. He will be best remembered as the author of Beveral successful novels, among which may be men tioned "PaulMassey" and " Dear Lady Disdain." The deceased gentleman leaves behind him a large number of literary friends on each side of the Atlantic, who will mourn in his death the loss of a warm-hearted and accomplished confrtrt. 