) OUR AMATEUR THMATRrCALS AT > , BOOLONa. ' lie jests at sears who neecrfelt a wound — Roiliso. One of the most awful recollecbioas Mr. Banbury Cross, ' of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, > was when he made his first and only appearance as |m actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at'his . own house in Boolong. He, for somj unkno vn reason, nad conceived that he was born to be an .act or —to tread the boards like the great Garric'c and the elder Kean — but it ' was, foolish notion, soon knocked o it of his head after his ) peculi.ar debut. On fiuding the Melbourne and Sj'dney I man.agers nnwllling to give a perfect novice with blearing red hair, and a turn-up hose, an appearance in /' Hamlet" at any of their several theatiTS, he resolved' to " take the bull by the horns" and get up a company of his own down ' at his place .at Boolong. He went to enormous- expense I in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having I sceneiy painted — for Banbury was determined to do the thing well and in tip-top style. He got together; a . .kind of scratch complany, many of them like himself, raw am bitious amateurs, eager " to L-et their hour upon the ' stage,'-' and one or two see ly outcasts of the profess'.ou; I ami he looked forward to the proluctioii of his pet play, I " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, not uhalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, .after about a ' month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their ) words before the curtain went up, but .after it did most of -them forgot them. The . sceneryhitched ; the Ghost was Mntoxicated, and the Awir likewise; Ophelia, wo. amateur, . hurst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who ' assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this I was not the, worst, for Banbury found that when the.bill.s came in the expense was twice, as large' as he had'expected, I ami he could not liieet them. " The fellows," he used to say, . " allowed me to have whatever I wanted da credit,- because they knew that my rich iiticle in Adelaide, a'strict Method- I ist, would pay. them, but;i knew very well he would do no such thing when he fdund: they were for theatrical trap pings, for if there was "one thing.he held in abhorrence it was the the.atre." .What was he to do ? ' His uncle would disinherit him, turn himout of the house he had'furaished for him, and send him adrift on the world. What was he to do? His creditors would not wait and he \yould he a miserable p.auper. But for .all this he did, not lose his houta,;aad. his poor uiicie's fortune is in the bank in his I name, thanks to the timely .aid of: one mho is ai friend to the drama cls wcU as to the rest of the /ooj'ZrZ; who advanced him the needful. -Need we say his -name. - No;- all kuow I him I But we mayas well remark it- was the|6'7tf(«yvm/i of the (listressed, .D.A.VID, HENRY, of 52 , Collins street east, ' Who has fi'o'm £5 to £10,000' to lend' oa'notesof- hahd, bills I of - sale (with or without .security),, salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds; bill 'of lading, legacies, goods, ' merchandise, on e.xpected remittances, or ,pn moneys per- sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. > Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and k mortgages from 6 per cent. 