) OUR " AMlTEUR TlilTJilOALS AT" ) BOOLONG". Ilojvsts at sours loJio iiecer folt'a wound — Roiieo. y , . I One of the' rnost awful- reeollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Bdolongj'had of his youfchfal days, he used to declare, J was when he made his first -and only appear.anco as an I N actor at'.apfivate am,iteuv theatrical entertainiriciit at his \ Qwn house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad ( conceived that he was born to be an actor — to tread the / boards like the great GaiTick and the elder Kcan — but it ) was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head .'iftcr his J peculiar deljut. On finding the . Melbourne and Sydney \ managers nriwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing ( red hair,, and a turn-up. nose, .an appc.arance in "Hamlet" r at ,any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the ' hull by the horns" and get up. a company of his own down ) at his place .at Bool©ng, . He-.wcut to enormous expense 1 in bnilding a small tSreatre, \\)urehasing w.ardrobe, haying \ scoucry, pajntcd — for. Banbury was determined to do the r thing well, and in, tip-top style. He got'togetbcr a Yirid r of scratphompahy, many qii them like himself, raw aiu- f bitiqus£:infateurs, ea.gcr "to fret 'their hour upon, the / stage, ".and- one or two see ly outcasts of the profession; ) andl-he ioo'ked forward to the pro luctiou of his .pet play, \ " Hamlet,'! himself as the Prince, with much excitement, r nottunallo'yed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ) month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their : \ words before the curtain u'snt up, but after it did most of i f thein forgot them. (The scenery hitched ; the Ghost w.as i J intoxicat.ed, and the. /u/tr liikewise.; Ojjholia, an amateur, j v burst iiito a nervoiis lit of tears before she said a dozen r lines. Banbury wa.s roared ait by the local pereonages \riio 7 assembled to .assist -.at the airaateur-pcrforlnance. But tliis ' ( was not the worst,- for Banbury found that w'ucn the bills f came in the expense lyas twice .asjarge as he had expected, ) arid he could not meet them. '7The fellows," he used to say, V " .allowed rae to have whateyei I wanted bri credit, Uecaiisc ' they knevv tbatjny rich uiicle jii Adelaide; a'strict Method- - ) ist; would. pay tbe'm; brit I kiiewvery well he would do no . such thing whcri he foiFrid- they were for theatrical trap- ' pings, for if therb was one thing he held in abhorrence it ) was the theatre. '1 -i- What was he to do 7 His unole would \- disinherit him, turn hinf but of -the' house h 5 h.ad i'uraished ' for him, and send him adrift on- the Avorld. What was he i I to do 7 His.creditbrs'-would ' ribb waiL arid he 'would be a ' : miserable: pan poi'.'I Hut for' all this'he did nob lose bis ' ' hoase, :.and :his poor luncle's fortune is in The. bank in bis I ii.amc, thanks to the tim-jly aiil of one w/w is a friend to \ the tlranui as well as'twfhe rostQ)/' ihe wuild, who advanced : ; ' him the iieedfuL.l: Needovesay'his irilmc.. ;No.;'aU know . j I him! Bat we may.asiwell.roLriavkiit; wasllthe. c7w;/yn'o/4,.'. of the distressed, > DAViP H.HNRY.of .5,3,. ClQllins street east, . ; K Who has'ffbm £'5 to 'JSlOjOOO t'olebd onnotesof hand, bills : I of .sale..,(w.lr.h'\\!or without '..security), salary .orders,., life policibs'..eerfefecatcs, deedklbili of lading, legacies, goods, >, mci;chiUKlise, .pn.expected,ren'iij:tanccs,.or , on moneys per- i soh.s una)'',bc'drititlpd, tp irOT and- elsewhere, etc., i i rcpayabie(tb! sriii the 'PqriVenim horrbwer,s. ) 'Biliridi.scburihed',d:uly at thc.lb of interest, and » mqrlg.ag'e.s fr'oni (i per'ebiri. 