Ladies Column Marriage of the King of Spain. (From the Times' Correspondent.) MADRID, January 23. AT a quarter-past 11 o'clock the Atocha Church, where the marriage was to be solemnised, is filled with spectators. The ambassadors of England, Austria, Germany, and France are present. The young King wears the venerated and fine uniform of captain- general, the grand cordon of San Fernando, and the grand gold collar of the Golden Fleece. It is three years since I hate Been him, and he is a good deal altered; he is taller, his shoulders are broader, h« looks frank and resolute, and his well-formed head is not caßt into the shade by the splendor of his uniform. Short brown whiskers and a fine coquettish moustache give him an air of manly youth, which Btrikes everybody. His hair is brown, rich, and glossy. On reaching his seat he turns towards the spectators with a frank and natural smile, greets one with a nod, another with the hand, addresses a few words to the ladies of honor placed behind him, and exhibits a joyful and happy expression, which lights up his open face. One may be sure that at this moment ideas of devotion prevail in every heart. It is one of the rare moments in a king's life quite free from shadow. Presently the organ sounds, the king quickly turns towards the portal, and the grandees of the kingdom who have followed in his train range themselves on both Bides to make room for the passage of the young Queen's procession. Princess Mercedes, rather pale, and her fine dark eyes slightly moistened by emotion, slowly advances on the arm of the Princess of the Asturias, who takes the place of Queen Christian, who is unwell. She is dressed in white satin, the mantle being also white and richly embroidered. Her white mantilla is fastened by a diamond brooch; a light crown of diamonds is on her brow. Her figure is rather stout-set, but full of grace, her pale face contrasting with lips of charming red ness. She bends before the altar and casts down her eyes before the loving smile of the king. The Princess of the Asturias is dressed in white satin, with a grenadine velvet mantle. She has the serious manner of a young mother watching over her child. Behind her is the Due de Mont pensier, in captain-general's uniform, with the cordon and collar of Charles 111. The Infanta, his wife, wears a gray dress, wearing, like the Princess of Asturias and the three other In fantas, the grand cordon of Maria Louisa in white and velvet stripes. Behind her is the young Due de Montpensier, a boy of 10, dressed in velvet, with a lively and rather restless eye for his age. The Comtesse de Paris, the Queen's sister, has a robe of rose-colored satin, with a train of the same color. The Comte de Paris is in the uniform of a colonel of the French Terri torial Army. Princess Ernestine, another eldest sister of the Queen, is in a mauve-colored dress, with a train of the same color. The Patriarch of the Indies, the Cardinal Archbishop of Be narides, his white ornaments embroidered with gold, the crosier in his hand, the silver mitre on his head, who has been to meet the King at the door of the church, stands at the foot of the altar, surrounded by his clergy. The King is placed at bis side. Princess Mercedes and the Princess of the Asturiaa have joined them. Everybody is standing. The members of the family are ranged in the following order on the red fauteuila along the platforms:—One of the first is empty; Don Francis Assisi, the three infantas, the Duchesse de Montpenßier, the Due de Montpensier, the young Duke, the Comtesse de Pariß, the Comte de Paris, and Princess Ernestine. After them came the Grand Duke of Medina-Sidonia, Marchioness of Bedmar and Molina, another great personage in the coßtume of a Knight of Malta, the people of the kingdom, and the chamberlains and officers of the household, while the Ministers of the kingdom are seated before the diplomatic tribunes, and the senate and deputies fill their platform. Everybody is standing, the patriarch reading, in a clear and firm voice, from a red book with gilt clasps and royal arms, the words customary at marriages of the Spanish Kings. "Senor Don Alfonso of Bourbon, Catholic King of Spain, you having determined to marry your august first cousin, the most serene Senora Dona Maria de las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, for which marriage his Holiness has granted a dispensation of the impediment of relationship in the second degree of consanguinity and others. It still remains to be known whether you are aware of any other obstacle which prevents you from contracting this marriage; whether you have any other spiritual relationship with the said most serene Senora Infanta of Spain; whether you have given your word to any other lady ; whether you have made a vow of chaßtity or religion, or there is any natural impediment in the way of the va lidity of this marriage; and finally, whether you contract it of your own spontaneous and free will. Declare it on the faith of your royal word." The Patriarch, giving tho ring to one of his coadjutors, addresses both tho King and tho Princess Morcodes, and calk upon them in pretty much the name terms to declare whether there is any impediment to tho marriage. Then, turning to tho Princess Mercedes, he Bays: — " Most serene Senora Dona Maria de las Mer cedes of Orleans and Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, will you have for your lawful Bpouse and husband, as the holy Catholic and Apostolic Church directs, Don Alfonso XII., Catholic King of Spain?" Answer, " I will." "Do you agree to be the spouse and wife of Senor Don Alfomo Xll. of Bourbon, Catholic King of Spain?" Answer, " I consent." "Do you receive the Baid Selior Don Alfonso XII. of Bourbon, Catholic King of Spain, for your spouse and husband ?" Answer, " I do." At this moment the Princess of Asturias bends towards the young Queen and says a few words to her. The two Princesses descend from the nltar towards the Duke and Duchess de Montpensier. The bride bends before the Duke to kiss his hand. The Duke prevents hor and kisses her on the forehead. The same happens with the Duchess. This is the public sign of paternal consent, the indication that the Princess has become Queen and must no longer kiss the hand. The two Princesses return to the altar. The Patriarch resumes:— "Seiior Don Alfonso XII. of Bourbon, Catholto King of Spain, will you take the most serene Senora Dona Maria de las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, for your spouse and lawful wife, as the holy Catholic and Apos tolic Church directß V Answer," I will." "Do you agree to be the spouse and husband of the most serene Senora Dona Maria de las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, Infanta of Spain?" Answer, "I do." "Do you receive for yonr spouse and wife the most serene Senora Dona Maria de las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, Infanta of Spain?" Answer, "I do." "And I, on behalf of Almighty God and the blessed apostles Saint Peter and Saint Paul, and Holy Mother Church, marry you, Senor Don Alfonso XII. of Bourbon, Catholic King of Spain, and you, the most serene Seuora Dona Maria de las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, and this Sacrament of Marriage I confirm in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen." The King and Queen, preceded by the Duke of Sesto, the Grand Master of the Palace, in full uniform, the grand cordon and gold collar on his neck, now take their seats on the throne, and the mass commences. The music is sweet and resonant. Towards the close the King and Queen rise as well as all present, and the Patri arch addresses them in the following words: — "Now that your Majesties have received the benediction according to the austom of the church, I admonish you to be loyal to one another; in time of prayer, and especially of fasts and festivities, to observe chastity. I admonish you to love each other as husband and wife, and to remain in the fear of God. Amen. I give your Majesty a companion and not a slave. Love her as Christ loves his church." Kisses.—Eight basial diversites of kisses are mentioned in the Scriptures :—The kiss of Salu tation, Sam. xx. 41 ; Valediction, Ruth, ii. 9; Reconciliation, 2 Sam. xiv. 33 ; Subjection, Psalm ii. 12; Approbation, Proverbs, ii. 4 ; Adoration, 1 Kings, xix. 18 ; Treachery, Matt, xxvi. 49; Affection, Qen. xiv. 15. There are some other kinds of kisses which young ladies receive over gates o' moonlight nights, which the Scriptures do not mention —neither do the young ladies. They will Order Anything.—lf the season has been a dull one, some of the West End tradesmen, or women I might say, have not done badly, if I may judge by what occurred to my cousin last week. [Seeing some very pretty bon nets in a well-known shop in Regent-street, she went in and asked the price. The obsequious proprietor herself informed her in the blandest of Bmiles that "this lovely hat, of the latest style from Paris,was only six guineas." "Oh, only six guineas for that Mother Hubbard hat! Thank you, I think I can get one elsewhere for one," aud, leaving this fashionable emporium, she straightway bought the straw for Is. ll£d., the blue ribbon, lining, aud trimming for 4b, 2d., the identical scarf for the top, at Dickinß Sc Jones', for 7s. ll^d. She mads up the hat, and next day walked into Madame 's with the hat on. Having told her story, that it only cost 14s. Id., Madame smiled, and was obliged to admit that nine out of ten ladies had no idea of the value of even the articles of their own clothing, and, as long as they believed fashion so decreed, they would order anything.— Land and Water. 