JOSHUA, i HAGGARD. CHAPTER XXXII. REPUDIATED. BV THE AUTHOR OP "IADY AUDITS SECRET, 1 " AURORA FLOYD," &C.;, &C.; Captain Peutrcath went back to London on business of his own. He had to wind up his affaire with the shipowners who had employed him from the beginning of his career; and tins was no oasv matter, for the owners had rarely had so good a captain, and were disinclined to lose hiui. Arnold had made up his mind that his place was on shore for some time to come. His brother had left liiin the stewardship of his estate, and lie meant to be faithful that trust till Oswald came back to claim his own, if it pleased God to bring him safely back by-and- by—a result for which Arnold most, fervently prayed. The neglect into which all things had fallen appealed strongly totbo Captain's love of order; there was a pleasure lor him in making crooked things straight. He assumed the command at Combhaven with as much decision as if lie Lad been, on board ship ; and people obeyed lamas wel l as his sailors had done; and it is to be remarked that the most popular commander is the captain ho is best obeyed. Business kept him in London some time; but, when he went back to Combhaven he was free man, and his career as land steward lay „jfoM him—till Oswald's return. Hope had argued the question with fear, until Arnold had taught himself to believe that the idea oi Oswald's suicide was a morbid delusion of Joshua Haggard's, and that, sooner or later, the welcome letter would come, from some ..mote spot of earth, to say that the young Squire had forgotten his griefs, and was happy, id homeward bound. It was May when Captain Pentreath returned to the" Grange in this more hopeful state of mind. The Exeter coach came in to Combhaven at five o'clock in the afternoon, and after a hasty dinner Arnold went straight to the minister's house. He had made no friendships in his native place, and it seemed to him that Xaomi Haggard was the nearest and dearest to him in his home. Had Oswald remained true, she would have been bis sister. He felt all a brother's tenderness for her already. " She shall be my sister," he told himself; my friend and counsellor. Both our lives have been made lonely." Mr. Haggard's family had just finished tea when Arnold was ushered into the parlour. Sally had been carrying out the teaboard when she heard his knock, and had been so flurried by 6uch an unusual circumstance as to be carcely able to deposit her burden on the kitchea-table without loss or damage. When Bhe opened the door and saw Captain Pentreath, she gave utters nee to one of those suppressed screams with which she always greeted his likeness to his brother. " It was like seeing the young Squire come back again, broader chested and nobler looking," she told Jim, with whom she was on more confidential terms than with any other member of the household. Auut Judith had gone back to the shop ; Xaomi sat reading by the open window; Joshua was in his armchair, his head thrown hack upon the cushion, his eyes half closed, resting alter one of those pilgrimages over hill and dale which had of late sorely exhausted him. His whole life was much more exhausted than it had been, the candle was being burned more fiercely. Traces of fatigue showed plainly in the sharpened lines of his face, in the pallor of his skin, and the shadows about his eyes, There was no one else in the room. Joshua Haggard opened his ey.-s and started up. He looked at Arnold curiously for moment or so, as if he scarcely knew him like a man not quite released from the thraldom of a dream. " I'm afraid I've disturbed you in a comfortable nap, Mr. Haggard," said Arnold. " Xo, I was hardly asleep—only reslin " You look as if you had much need ol" rest." "Do I?" asked the minister musingly. " Well, the scabbard must wear out in t ime, I suppose. It matters little, if the sword is only bright till the last." " You don't ask me if I have found out anything about my brother in London," said Arnold. " Because I don't expect to hear that you have. I have told you my opinion," replied Joshua gloomily. . " It is an opiuion which I will never enter tain until it -is forced upon me by positive proof. My watchword is Hope—yes, Xaomi Hope," ho added, turning to Joshua's daughter, who was looking at him gravely, with no answering ray of hope in her sad eyes. He held out liis hand to her, and they sliool hands warmly, like brot her and 6ister. Joshua sank back into his chair, and took up an open volume from tlio table, and resumed |ris read ing, as if to indicate that ho had no more to say to his visitor.. This reception was.socold as tprhe scarcely civil; but Arnold was not going to take offence easily. Ho wanted to know more tf-Naoml S mind she was the only pewon who could thoroughly sympathise with Mminh^ onging for the absent, or in lus gncMTor the lost. She alone in Combhaven had fondly loved Ui He r tgL to talk of indifferent subject, trying tolnfuse ft little cheerfulness into the conversation; hut there was a leaden gloom in the atmosphere of the minister's parlour wbich Arnold had no power to brighten. Naomi listened and replied with grave attention. She was gentle and friendly, but he could not win a smile from her. She seemed weighed down by an unconquerable melancholy. "Do they ever smile, I wonder? thought Arnold. " Or has the household always tins funereal air ? Is it grief for my absent brother that makes her so sad 1 I should have given her credit for strength of mind to surmount such a grief or at least to liido it. And the parson—well, I suppose that gloomy cast of countenance is simply professional." Despite Naomi's lack ofcheeriulness, Captain Pentreath was interested in her. That melancholy look lent a poetic air to her beauty, lie felt that she was a woman of deepest feelings, one who would love but once and love for ever. Even Oswald's inconstancy had not weakened her affection. Ho would have given much to have been alone with her again for a little while, to have talked freely with her, heart to heart. He felt as if he could have spoken about his brother, and his brothers errors, without wounding her. But that figure of the minister sitting between him and the light oppressed him like a waking nightmare. There came an awkward silence presently, and Arnold felt he had no more to say, and must needs tike his leave. He had just risen to depart when the door opened, aud a girl with fair hair, pale face, and Puritan cap, came into the room. At sight of him she gave a faint cry and put her hand to her heart, and then, with a great effort of self-restraint, made him a grave curtsy, and crossed the room to an empty chair near Joshua. " My God !" cried Arnold, turning very pale. The sudden apparition wrung the exclamation from him before he had time to summon up his self-command. This was the face he had seen in his brother's journal. This was J osliua's young wife, of whose girlish beauty he had heard people talk, but whom he had never seen till this moment, for she had been ailing of late, and had kept much in her own room And this was Oswald's fatal love—a love.so wildly foolish, so deeply dishonourable, that it might well work the ruin of him who harboured it- Joshua looked up as the door opened, and heard Cynthia'6 cry and Arnold's ejaculation, and saw the pale startled look of the one, the utter amazement of the other. " He will bo like his brother, perhaps," he thought gloomily, and an angry shadow stole over his dark lace. He looked at his wife as she seated herself quietly near him. She was very white and her lips trembled. This sudden appearance of Oswald Pentreath's brother affected her as if she had seen a ghost. Arnold took a hurried leave of the minister and his daughter, made a grave bow to Cynthia, and was gone. He could not have conversed calmly after the revelation which had surprised and shocked him. It was an awful tiling to know that his brother had been guilty enough to fix his affections here. Did Joshua know or suspect the truth i Yes, Arnold thought, he did suspect, aud this suspicion was the cause of his coldness about Oswald, and that gloomy tone which suggested animosity. Having discovered the fatal siren who had beguiled his brother from the paths of peace, Arnold's next desire was to be able to question her about his brother's fate. Who so likely to be in the secret of Oswald's intentions at the time he left Combhaven as the woman he loved J Doubtless he had contrived to see her during his last brief residence at the Grange, and he had told her what ho meant to do with his life. The difficulty was for Arnold to obtain nn interview with Joshua's wife without doing harm of some kind. Joshua was unfriendly and repellent in his manner, very ready to suspect evil, no doubt, of any one bearing the name of Pentreath. Arnold had also to con sider Naomi's feelings. It was just possible that she was ignorant of her stepmother's part iu the tragedy of her life, j, Accident brought about a meeting which could have been only contrived with difficulty. Arnold had been out for a long rambling ride ,on Heme on the third day after his return to the Griuge, and coming slowly homeward in the afternoon sunlight, he overtook Cynthia Haggard walking aloiio in one of the grpen lanes ust outside Combhaven. She was •walking very slowly, with : bent head and listless step, like , 0^0 ^bos'o t)ioughts are far away from the, pcehes that surround her. a i The fulliwestern.Bunlight shone thrbiiglHho young oak-leav68,the :hftwthom&iw8t;«.iileecy masses of white blossom, and filled tUe air with perfume/ Wife be* ^glitbM l «Bo«eJthf line of the edge, and through the deep rich < ted bank the little town of Combhavenehowc<i its tiled roofe and many gabled, its tij^llofr ' thatches and cool gray slateB, and stiiq. ing ochte Walls that seemed made of sutiliglit. romhi&liMsafihd;^lit' the bridle over his arm. Hefcne, having been as fiendish in behaviour as in namo dtirhi^tlio first half of lus day's work, wW now in a calm and philosophic wood, and cropped tlio young < ferns contentedly. ' ( " Mrs. Haggard, may I have a few words with you !" Arnold asked gently. ' Cynthia had looked up, startled at the sound of the . horse's hoofs. She dropped a curtsy, and answered nervously. " If you please, 6ir." " You wonder what I can have to say to you, perhaps?" " Yes, sir." " And yet you must know that my mind is full of anxiety about my brother." Her cheek crimsoned, and then paled. . " I am—we are all anxious she said. " It is so strange that he has not written to. you, He was not likely to write to any one else— but to you, his brother, of whom ho was so fond." " You have heard him talk about me, then 1" inquired Arnold. " Very often. He looked forward so anxiously to your return." " Would to God I had come sooner I I might have kept him at home, perhaps. Come, Mrs. Haggard, be candid with me. This mystery about my brother is making me very wretched. Cannot you help me! You may know something, perhaps, which no one else knows—something which might enlighten me as to his intentions when he left home. For Heaven's sake, be truthful with me. Do not be afraid to trust mo. I know the trouble that made my brother leave his country. A diary of his fell into my hands a little while ago, with the story of his unhappy love written in it. I kiiow that it was for your sake he became an exile. I implore you to tell me all you can that may help me "to discover his fate." Cynthia trembled, and grew deadly pale, yet looked at her questioner steadily. There was innocence in the look, Arnold thought This was no guilty wife—but, not the less, a most unhappy woman. •> " I know that he was going to America," answered Cynthia, " and "i xnotV no more than that:" . , i - " Did you 6ee him on that last day?" " I did. Pray do not tell Naomi or any one else. No one knows of our meeting. It was a secret. He wished to say good-bye to me before he went." "Were you the last person that saw him?" " I think so. When he left me he was going to the coach." " Ave you sure he meant to go by the coach." " Ho told mc so." Arnold's countenance fell. This gave a darker aspect to the affair. " What time in the day did you see him ?". " About four o'clock in the afternoon." " And where did you meet I" " Will you promise to tell no one 1" " Yes, I promise." () "On Matckciiy Common, by; the old shaft. " I know the place." Wcliave played there many a time when we wore children. Are you sure that no one knew of your meeting I' " Quite sure." " And that no one met you, or watched you, that afternoon!" " I saw no one. I do not believs that any one saw me." , " My brother told you he meant to leayeby the coach'; yet he did notloave^by ; It/"You saw him at four o'clock that last afternoon, and I cannot hear of any, one. .who saw him after that hour. It is strange—alarming even —is.it not?" " Very strange. But I truBt in God that he is safe; though we do not know where ha is." • "That's an easy way <jf pjittirig it," said Arnold, with a shade of bitterriess. " No one can be more sorry for him ,thau J- am," answered-Cynthia; wfth' a sudden sol). " It is my sin-to be so sorry?" ~ .v., " Poor ' child 1 Torgtfe liie fo¥ 'spiking harshly* V I fancy sometimes. that otfery^ one except myself is mdiflta$f. j|<>< fiVMjQ ing upon her quickly. . , " 0, no, no, no 1" Bhe cried, with a etarO^ ,look of pain, as if the idea were new to hg " He would never do that, ,, Ho .would.tifjJ be so wild—so guilty—as to shoot ninttw» like Werther?" " ' ' : V , "Who is Werther?" J . , "A man in a book y o u r brother read to «»> but it was ^ real person, i who ^is'^ery haopy. fttia who ! sliet himself. Ho did not eeem'to knotMhal suicide -wis a sin. But I cadtibt, bdi6tfe that Os^aH vould, tie so rash. 0 no, PPt Godforuid that ho should be tempted to doieuch a dreadful deod 1 I canaot think it. He was vory calm when we bade each other ^good-bye. Ho blessed me, and promised to take more heed of serious things in time to oorae than he had done in days past." ii j^rifl thfere tyas nowildu^ssin his.mamicvI He did not,tallc like adesporato man,?" "No, indeed." .. . m ; I thank you for haviug been' truthful and frank. It is a sad story. Would to God that lie had been constant and faithful to that noble girl, your step-daughter!?' He could not spare her this itupliod reproach. His brother's fate seemed over so much darker to him after what ho had just heard. And for all this sorrow and uncertainty, the fair young creature standing by his side, was in somo measure to blame. Even that last sccl-pt meeting might have boon in some wise the turningpoint of his destiny. " Had you been in the habit of meeting my brother secretly t" ho asked presently. " Had you met him often before that day V " Never in my lifo before," answered Cynthia, with an indignant look ; " I should not liavc gone then, even though he made my going a last favor, if I had not had a purpose in seeing him. I thought I might win liiiu back to Naomi. 1 kuew he had once loved her dearly ; and I thought perhaps it needed but a few words to awaken the old love in his heart." " And do you think you wero tho best preacher to preach that sermen!" asked Arnold. " Well, you acted for tho best, I daresay ; and again I thank you' for the candour. But I am no nearer the secret of my brother's fate than I was an hour ago. Good-bye!" He raised his hat and left her with a some what formal salution, not offering her his hand. There was resentment in his heart against this fair-faced wife who had spoiled Naomi's life and his own. He led Herne to the end of the lane, aud there mounted him, and trotted quickly home, the sagacious animal scenting the oats and clover in his now luxurious stable. Cynthia walked slowly on, crying a little in a languid helpless way, like one who was accustomed to solitude and tears. . The sharp sound of Heme's hoofs died away in the distance. A lark was singing loud and shrill in the high blue sky; and there was a drowsy bee among the hawthorns, but all the rest of Nature was iiloht Suddenly there broke upon that 6Uinmer stillness a loud iustling of boughs, and a man sprang through a gap in the hedge and confronted her. ' She looked up, full of sudden fear, expecting to see some unknown ruffian bent on robbery or murder; but the dark aud angry face looking into hers was the face of hep husband. " Joshua! How you frightened me !" " No doubt. Women who meet their lover, in secret are easily startled." " My lover! ' Joshua, are you mad 1 L have been talking to Captain Pentreath, who overtook, me by chance a littlo while ago." ". By chance.! : Do you think I am going to believe that story i Woman, I know you too well, Satan set you in my path for my undoing—to the peril and loss of my soul; for my ruin and destruction here and hereafter. Fool, fool, foolthis with a cry of anguish, striking his forehead with his clenched fists " I ought ,to havo known it was a snare—-the fair strange.face under thn burning summer sky.; th6 gipsy waif,; homeless/ nameless, a etranger to Christ and salvation ! Spawn of Beelzebub, why did I not recognise you " Joshua, for pity's sake 1 I, am your true wife; I have honored and obeyed you—" " Honored J Was it to honor me you lured that young man to his doom 1 Was it for my honor you met him aud kissed him 1 Yes; I !?, W _, W . m hoWiD S hi.his arms under God's all-i T , r* • j clasping wwjjuig you j'uu to mj his ms breast, uiwwi, as , that accursed night whcii l thought myself the happiest among men, because I had won you for iiny: own. Won you f . 0 thou incarnate falsehood ! fair as an angel to the 7 A? as sin to the heart that knows thee! And having'tempted one brother tp death ahd ?, oom t, eteraa Vyou are spreading your nets for Ypn.wpiil4.havo him, too. You h <? n i ' e i . r ; that wutothat the street corner, m the twilight, ity the evening, in tho black and dark .night; Her house is the way to liell, gomgdo^to: the J chambers of death. Yea, til ly . h J- febt Mtftt. to death j li'er steps ^ you, fajr m s * 6t^ko J bufc '«*»« • fell ca '^jf^' ^.thus by a happy chance es- ' band 4 ttnT? in e blw ' «¥ ^ed her hus- ^wttl-last shame.' >••'•>• » < • ' " (aqv^w ''? lat i madll( » 8,ia 8 seized you? X If I ,. 08 .Gpd^cnows. nat U t e 1 s l y r it is hecauso , human by S i ' ^doesnoUlwfty^taftd in oVSA^ i ^ ^ ^ d 6 1^ aiittle while, Him w ^W ^ how; weak We are Without ""i now-soon we stutiibldarid'rall^henthat heavenly Uxk iV<*ilMlrowit:'' V*, 1\u*band, : I have been a sinrfiirZ AiSJMintis face I'm- a time. Oswald loved me," nnd I loved him, j and forgot my wickedness in the sweetness of being beloved by him. It was like a dream, But when ho spoke of his love my heart awakened,, and I was your true wife. I havo said no word to him—never, from first to last , T J, . • * •»' »"•» tliat 1 dare not repeat to you, or that I am AAHAMAIL ashamed to (-A remember. ••MTTNUTL.... T I am your . true J wife, »<T : T- — . m i : HIK, and honor and rovere you now as I did that J-^^i^10 " y°\ ltook we to the only decent home I had ever known. Have. I forgotten what I owe to you, Joshua? O no, no, no ! I aiu not so base, nor so ungrateful." " Your speech is like your face " said Joshua, with set teeth— 1 " passing fair, passing fair I N , ...... Hut 1 know you, pretty one I Yes; look up, NLFAQ eyes, blue L\LIIJK as NO God's fl.,% 1'.- summer sky—look I T up in • sad innocent wondei ! A lie, u lie, uothin" but a lie ! Satan has made you so : he painted your cheekfi, and limned your smile and evei v lelicato feature, that you might lure good men to death and hell. Can he work without bis instruments, do you think ? He does not walk this earth in palpable shape, lest we should know him and avoid him ; but he puts on such a pretty garb as yours, aud counts his worshippers by tho score. Every priestess such as you brings a crowd to his altar, lint I have done with you. I have rent the net; I will have no further dealings with you ; 1 will see your false faco no more!" "Joshua, have pity?" "'Can a man take lire in his bosom and not be burned ?'" "Joshua!" "' He that doetli it destroyeth his own soul. A wound and dishonour shall he got; aud his reproach shall not be wiped away!'" "Joshua, can you believe that there was any harm, any wrong against you, in mv meeting with Captain Pontnwth just now?" cried Cynthia, still at her husband's feet, looking up at him in an agony of supplication, trying to grasp those strong cruel hands that thrust her from him. " I know that you are false: to the core. _ know that Satan made you to lead mo down to the pit. What do I know about y«.u aii.l Captain Pentreath ? Very litllo. I was just in time for the fag-end of your interview. I came across the field, and saw you through a break in the hedge. You were standing in close converse with hitn, just as you were with his brother " " Ah," cried Cynthia, startled, " you were there that day—you saw us. You 6aid so just how." " Thekisses wero over, I dare say," continued Joshua, too much beside himself to heed this interruption. "The kisses were done with before I came. He heard my step, perhaps, and so left you with a formal salutation, as if you were strangers parting. Hypocrites, liars both—children of tho accursed! But I have done with you. I turn my face away from Satan and his witchcraft, and I will make my peace with God before I die. Go back—go back to your tents, to the children of Baal? Go back to your juggleries and mummeries and leave me to repent of my folly—to put on sackcloth aud ashes—to go up alone among the hills, like Elijah in tho mountains, to wait for the advent of ray God!" "Joshua, for mercy's sake be calm; speak to me quietly, that I may know what you really mean. I have no wish but to obey you. If you say that I am to go away from you—to go < back aud be a servant, and work for my daily bread as I did before I was jour wife I shall go and make <io complaint. But I am your true aud obedient wife all the same. Do not doubt that. I will obey you when you arc cruel, just as I obeyed you when you were kind, and I shall never murmur." "Fair of speech aud fair of face," muttered Joshua. " Yes, Lucifer, her master, was beauti full as the morning star." " Do you mean to turn mo out of doors, Joshua? Do you mean that your home is to be mine no longer f" " I do. You have brought misery and shaiue into my house. You have poisoned my cup, turned wiy- daily bread to ashes. I would fain bo rid of you for ever. I cannot serve God "while you are near me. Satau is too strong for mc while he works under such a mask." And you wish us to part," she said, deliberately, " for ever "Yes; Ilove my imperishable soul better tlian that viler human heart which cleaves to you.' In heaven there is neither marrying nor giving in marriage,, In heaven I shall forget the anguish of an unsatisfied love." " Joshua, I am your servant, to obey you in this as in all things. You have but to say you wish mo gone, and I shall go. When you cease to pity, God will foVgivo and take pity on me, because He does not make ..our burdens tpo heavy for us. Do you remember ,that .night in the pine-wood, Joshua, when youitook me to your heart and told me that I ; was precious in your sight ? I said, then that I Vros not good 'eiioufeh 'to lie yoUr wife; ihat ft would t&WpiB;&s; fcr'imWbeVour servant, and wait upon yM and work for you, aud gather words of wisdom from your lips, Hut yon would have it otherwise. I was wiser in this, you see ; lor now you are weary of me, aiid want to send me away. Let it be so, then; I will forget that I am your wife, and remember jiilv that I ^ am ,r«>" your OUHUUU, servaut, tuiu and bound uuuuu to w obey in all tilings. I am your servant, and I IT » « L - y<m havo dismissed me. lean go back to I'cmuoylo aud work for my living—far away, where 'I shall not disgrace you. Good-bye, She took bis hand and kissed it, still on her knoe.' 5 . H« shuddered at the touch of those rosebud lips but never looked at her. His — eyes woro fixed ..NUT* on UU tho VUU distant U13I/1U1U OCU-LLLTC sea-line— wide-open eyes gazing blankly at the blue J L J 1? L A * bright light. Am I really tp go, Joshua?" Cynthia asked, meekly, after a brief silence, in which tho hum of insects, the sharp whirring sound of the grasshopper, filled tho air. IE6 pussed his hand across his brow, wearily. "Get thee behind me, Satan. Yes go, f?o go',! I can never scale the walls of God's :tiM'n:il city while this weight of earthly passion leaves to me. Go far out of my roach, lest I ihould .slay you; and think of yuur dead lover, aud repent of your sin." " What! he is dead, then—and you know it I" she exclaimed, with a bitter cry. " Yes," answered Joshua, flinging her away from him; " go aiid weep and howl for him. It was your sin that slew him ?" She lay for a little while where he had thrown her, on the sunbaked grass of the bank, amongst the ferns and wild flowers—not quite unconscious, but with a brain in which strange iindfaniiliar images whirled wildly as in ademon dance. Then carnc a few moments in which all was blank—moments of blessed repose; mid then she staggered to her feet, and looked round her. The lane was empty. Joshua had said his last word, and was gone. She stood looking round her in the westering sunshine, pondering what sho ought to do. Not for an instant did she contemplate rebellion against her husband's decree. He had bidden her to leave him, and she would go away meekly, uncomplainingly, as Hagar went out into the wilderness. " Ah me," she said to herself, pitcously, comparing herself with Hagar, " I have no Ishmacl to be my comfort and hope." It never occurred to her to go back to her husband's house, and claim the place which wa6 hers by right, and which no act of hers had forfeited. She did not even contemplate going back to claim her own—the clothes and bookstand small possegsione dear to womanhood Which she had acquired since her marriage. Empty-hauded and penniless as when Joshua found her sitting by tho water-pool on the distant Cornish waste, she left the scene of her brief and hapless married life. Sho had neither purse nor scrip—not so much as a few shillings to help her on her way. But she turned her pale face steadily to the west, and set out to walk to Penmoyle. In all this wide world she had no other friends than the spinster sisters whom she could tura to for a refuge in her desolation, and even from thorn she could not feel quite sure of a kind reception. They r had offered her their friendship, telling her on the day she left them to appeal to them in any hour of need. But how would tlioy receive her when she told them that Joshua had cast her off—they who reverenced Joshua as a saint and prophet ? To them she must needs turn in her dis tress, having no other earthly haven. Sho had served them faithfully in the past, aud had won their favor; and she was willing to serve them in the future for her daily bread and nightly shelter, and the privilege of worshipping God in the faith Joshua had taught her. Sho thought of tho white-haired old minister, with his gentle old-world manners and his ready kindness. She remembered how his praise had thrilled her at the thought that Joshua would hear of her well-doing and be glad. Aud now all was over. Joshua hated her; Joshua spurned her as a vile and guilty creature. No man's praise, no woman's favor, could ever lift her up in his esteem any more. She was degraded and cast off for ever. Well, 6he could be a servant again, and toil for her bread and servo her God in patience so long as life's burden was laid upon her. It seemed to her that the road along which she had to carry her burden was not interminable. A littlo way off there came a region of mist and cloud, entering which she would be at peace, and would lay down her load, and rest lorwcary head upon the sweetest pillow, and let ncr tired eyblidis close amidst a divine suushine, a light as of the resurrection morning, when the glad sunbeams danced upon tho hilltops. It was a long way to Gombhaven to that littl^ village, high up among the rolling Com-' iah | hills. Cyiitbia could not, calculate tho number of miles; trnt i sho • had an idea that Pemnoyle> was very fir ' awayr—lnany "days* journey at the rate at which sho could Walk, which was elow, for her cough and low fever had left her weak. " Luckily I know how to sleep under a hay stack, and I am not ashamed to beg my bread when I see a kind face at a cottage-door," she said to herself. She had a silver watch and chain, which she thought she might sell in one of the towns she had to pass through; and there was the gold keeper above her wedding-ring—this too she might dispose of, if hard pressed by want but if people were kind she could get on with out money, so little would eerve to keep body and soul together. So she set bat on her journey, a new Hagar, but with no 6weet child companion to make the desert blossom like the rose. (To be continued.) 