THE RED INN. Towabds the close o! a cold, bleak day in the early winter of 1873, I found myself waiting anxiously and impatiently in a lonely and picturesque spot on the banks of the Ottawa river, about twelve miles from the little town of St. Eustache, whence I had ridden that afternoon, and thirty or more from Montreal. I belonged to a private-detective agency, and was here in this lonely place by appoint ment, with six thousand dollars upon my person, in exchange for which it had been agreed-by what secret and complicated ne gotiations it is hardly necessary to acquaint the reader with-to restore to me certain stolen property in the shape of bonds, cer tificates, and bills of exchange to a great amount. The place, as I have said, was wild and romantic, with a ruined sawmill at the river's edge, just below the steep and rocky bluff, as the only vestige of artificiality in view. The sky was overcaBt, and the wind moaning dismally through the overhanging firs and hemlocks; the broad, partly frozen river, with the rugged mountains looming forbiddingly on the fdrther bank, and a few seagulls screaming and swooping weirdly in the'igbsts between the low clouds and the '.running foam, looked inexpressibly mourn ful and desolate, and the appointed hour had long,since passed me by without affording the faintest indication that the rendezvous was to be kept. Years of experience in my peculiar vocation with criminals and desperate classes had inured me to diiappointment and fortuity; but I must acknowledge that upon this occasion I felt my patience sorely tried. I had every reason to believe that the compromise bad been effectad in good faith (notwithatanding the wily and unenviable reputation of the go-between, who had arranged for my meeting with ''Crank Dudley," the head thief concerned in the robbery, at this particular hour and place), and my ride thither from St. Eustache had been slowly and wearily pursued over an unfrequented and most villainous trail, which it would be an abuse of language to denominate a road, and over which I anticipated considerable difficulty in re tracing my steps should I chance to be belated. At length, however, I concluded that Crank had either met with some delaying accident or deemed it unsafe to keep his appointment-he was an old and. shrewd offender, whom any detective would have cheerfully loBt a finger to capture- and, remounting my horse, spurred up the bank to regain the road. I had hardly done so before an indiatinofc but unmistakable warn ing prompted me to unwonted haBte. It was the touch oE asnowflike melting upon my cheek. Fully alive to the terrors of the first great snowf"U of a Canadian wint«r, I pushed rapidly forward in the hope of reaohing St. Eustache before the ground should be oovered. But I had not proceeded a mile before the track was hopelessly obliterated, and the air so thick with the silent sittings { of the snow, Iwhich came down almost as fine as meal, as to render the landscape invisible, save for a few yards around; added to which the temperatu»e was rapidly fall ing, and the wind rising in a manner sug gestive of breast-deep drifts and dangerous pitfalls. There was no place to turn back to, and to push forward involved a certainty of being both benighted and lost in the woods. In this predicament, I recalled a half ruinous, little red-washed hostelry, rejoicing in the 'name of the Sad Inn, which I had noticed at some distance from the roadside shortly before reaching the river, and which had afforded so little Bigns of life ai" I rode by it as to give me the impression that it had long since been abandoned. But " any port in a storm" was now my motto, and, swerving a little to the left of the track, or what had been the track, I spurred forward in a direction that I thought would lead to its vicinity. I was not only soon apprised of my proximity to it by the bark of a dog, but, upon catching sight of the house itself-a rambling, two-story, frame affair, whose sides had long before lost most of the dull, red colour that gave it a name as a public-house -I was overjoyed to see the lower windows glowing with firelight. To obtain admittance, give my horse in charge of the proprietor, who seemed to be the only man about the place, and secure a capital thawing-spot before the great fire place in the oommon room within, at which the Housewife was also busying herself with some cooking, was the work of but a few moments: She was a tall, bony, musoular woman, in middle life, with a restless, sullen expression of the eye that augured badly of her husband's peace of mind, and a general gloom and taciturnity of bearing. But I have a way of speedily making myself at ease with folks of various sorts, and drew from her in a few minntes that she waa Scotch and her husband a French Canadian; that they lived there all alone since the building of the nearest railway had alto gether distraoted travel from what had once been the decent highway near at hand; and that they were so poor as to be eager to sell out at the first opportunity, though still able to accommodate any unfastidions guest who might chance along, as I had done. The landlord's name was Burchois, and he presently came back to the house, announc ing that my horse had been comfortably housed and fed, and venturing to predict that, of course, I would remain overnight. " I could return to St. Eustache in a couple of hours, if I only had a guide," said I, looking anxiously out at the gathering twilight, through which the snowstorm was still whirling its sifted burthen with fierce persistency. " Besides, I fear that I have barely enough money with me to meet even my expenses at your inn. As I threw out this false scent as to my circumstances, I noticed the man and woman exchange a swift glance of mingled cunning and incredulity, and the man also spoke a | few words in French, which I pretended to overhear in a puzzled way, as though I did not understand. "It isn't likely you'll find anyone to guide you through such a tempest, even the half breeds having deserted this miserable wilderness, with the building of that cursed iron road that has impoverished us all," said the landlord of the Red Inn in a gruff voice; " and a dollar will pay for monsieur's accommodations overnight. Supper will be ready presently." * I then concluded to remain, and began to rid myself of my overshoes and other superfluous coverings, while taking in every thing about me with a swiftness and astute ness of vision that long habit had almost converted into second nature. It was evident that my entertainers were miserably poor. The large room in which we then were was probably the only one in use on the lower story, and it seemed to answer all purposes of reception, cooking, dining, and loungiug combined. The furniture had seen better days, but was now so broken, battered and infirm as to be scarcely fit for nse, while a long rifle sus pended, with hunting accoutrements, over the chimney-piece, and a pair of snowshoes leaning in one corner of the room were evidences that the unprofitableness of inn keeping was eked out by the fortunes of the chase in the wild forest round about. Mine ho3t himself had an even less attrac tive appearance than his wife. He waa much . older than she, short and thick-set, and nit'1 some sort of defect in his left leg that caused him to limp a little in walking; but he had aii immense depth of chest and dispropor tionately long, sinewy arms which augured the possession of vast muscular capacity; while his movements, in spite of his lameness, were singularly alert and active for one of his age. Indeed, this swiftness and celerity of movement was also a characteristic of the woman, though, with her longer and more youthful frame, she contrasted him in this respect much as the stealthy, undulating movement of a panther would set off the spry, sturdy activity of a terrier-dog. The man's long, hatchet-face was nearly covered with grizzly beard of straggling growth, and from underneath his bushy eyebrows, which were nearly as heavy as his moustache, his steel-gray eyes glinted with a dull, discon tented glow tbat might have proceeded from brooding misery or vicious instinct, it waB hard to tell which. I was also, not long in discovering-from the frequent little scoldings that were inter changed, though always in the Canadian patois, which I persisted in appearing ignorant of-that the piir were far from living happily together, and came to the conclusion that theirs was certainly not an example, so lauded by poets, of the marriage-tie being only the closer and more lovingly renewed by adversity and distress. _ I made these mental notes in far less time than it has taken 'ne to express them here; and when I resumed my seat by the fife with an air of all the carelessness and trustfulness that I could assume, Bourchois placed some glasses and a bottle of brandy upon the table, and gruffly invited me to join him in un petit verre. But I made a point of never drinking out of strange bottles tinder suspicious circumstances, and, excusing myself on the plea of being under medical treatment for a painful complaint, I produced my own brandy flask, which I pretended to have been especially prepared for me by my physician, and, pouring out a small quantity, touched his glass merrily, at the same time wishing him and his consort better luck in the future. He seemed a little taken aback by this manoeuvre, and only replied to my well wishes by first a grunt, and then a short bitter laugh, as in derision at the prepos terousness of their purport; after which he arose, and, opening the door-through which a column of snow came suddenly bustling like an angry ghost-whistled in the dog-a rough, savage-looking brnte, of the stunted Newfoundland stock, which, after snuffing of my legs suspiciously, shook the snow from his shaggy coat, and stowed himself away in a corner. The supper, which was soon afterwards served us by the woman, made up in quantity what it lacked in quality-consisting of b&con; and venison, with hot griddle-cakes and excellent coffee ; and as I was both hungry and tired I enjoyed it very much. There waB nothing to read when it was over, and, as neither my host nor hoBtess appeared to desire sociability in the way of conversation, I was soon dozing comfortably in my chair, though after an old habit of mine which enables me to enjoy the recuper-. ation of semi-slumber without altogether shutting out a consciousness of what is going on in the waking world aronnd me. .. However, as I heard them speaking together in low voices, and in French, I paid little attention to what they were saying until a reference on the part of the man to " Monsieur Le Crank? at once aroused me to livelier attention, and to a recollection of my recreant rendezvous-maker of the river-bank at the same timej but the woman only said in response: "Yes, this is unmis takably the man," and then their conversa tion drifted upon topics of a personal nature, which soon developed into a conjugal wrangle, and might have proceeded to blows had I not just then stretched myself with a yawn, and expressed a deaire to be shown to my room. Before obeying me, the landlord again opened the door, and kicked the dog out into the storm, after which he lighted a candle, and led the way up a narrow, rickety stair case that ascended from a little corridor just off the side of the room occupied by the fire place, and. proceeding along a hallway to what must have been the remotest extremity of the lonely house, ushered me into a large, bare-walled chamber, devoid of furniture except a bedstead, a small table, and a three legged stool, bnt somewhat redeemed from absolute cheerlessness by a bright wood-fire that had been built upon the hearth, and whose leaping flame-tongueB went np the chimney with a roar as fhe fierce storm shook the one window as if with a giant's grasp. Altogether, the accommodation was better than I had anticipated, and, after assuring myself that the door was provided with both lock and bolt of substantial quality, I bade my host good-night, locked myself in, and prepared to make myself comfortable for the night. After a brief examination of the walls, to make sure there was no other entrance, I took off everything but my undergarments, heaped the fire with all the spare wood that had been provided, blew out the candle, and, leaping into the luxurious undulations of an old- fashioned feather-bed-after putting my revolver under my pillow-was soon sound asleep. I was suddenly awakened from profound, dreamless slumber by I don't know what; not by any noise, or vibration, or stealthy movement, but by a certain indefinable con sciousness that someone else was in the room; and at once sat bolt upright in bed, with my hand upon the weapon beneath the pillow. The storm had subsided, and everything was as still as the tomb; and, the fire having Bnnken away to scarcely perceptible embers, the room was almost pitch- dark; but none the less was I instinc tively certain that a stealthy intruder was i in there, and that a terrible danger was impending over me. \- I have the vision of a cat in an emergency, and in a moment, as my eyes grew accus tomed to the darkness, I perceived what I knew to be the short, thick-set form of Bourchois, crouched upon his hands and knees, and creeping noiselessly toward the couch from the opposite side of the room, with a knife between his teeth, though, not being so sharp-sighted as I. he was not aware of my being awake and on my guard. A yawning trapdoor in the floor closed beside him, and almost directly under the window, betrayed the manner of his having effected an entrance. The truth flashed across me in an instant. Crank Dadley had not intended to meet me at the rendezvous, but it was probably decided that I should be belated and stop at this very place-this remote and obscure hostelry, to be murdered by his accomplices, the landlord and his wife, for the soke of the "booty known to be upon my parson, without a return of the equivalent agreed upon. I had never been in Buch a desperate position before, but had often imagined^ to myself what I would do under similar circumstances-as I puppose we all of us do at times-and now did not feel any diminu tion of my usual nerve and presence of mind. Withoat a moment's hesitation, I cocked my revolver under . the pillow, in order to deaden the alight clicking sound of the lock, and then, levelling it Bilently at the bushy j head of the advancing assassin, pulled the I trigger with no more compunction than if I had been facing a wolf or a snake. Bat the pistol had doubtless been tam pered with daring my siesta below-for it had been in my overuoat pocket, on another chair-and the hammer fell harmlessly npon the nipple. But the noise of the attempt aroused the intruder to the fact of my being awake and alert, and, with a single bound ho was upon his feet, and at my Bide with up lifted knife. . - I now pursued another plan, whioh I had ,. often thought I would do ander like peril. I caught up a pillow with my left hand,. and let the descending blade bury itself in ; its pliant depths ; at the same time I clubbed the revolver, and, leaping to my feet on the i top of the bed, I dealt my assailant a tre j mendoas blow in the face. He staggered a I little to one side, and then, with a mattered, oath, he struck out again so quickly with his murderous weapon tbat it woald have been * I all over with me if the point had not this time come in contact with my bnokBkin , money-belt, whioh was lined with broad gold pieces, as well as bank-notes. As it was, the shock nearly knocked the breath out of my body, and he groped savagely over the bed after me. But, besides having the ad vantage of him in seeing far better in the darkness than he, I knew that I would be done for, strong as I was, if I once got into' the clutch of those long, massive, gorilla* . like arms of his; so I vaulted lightly over the foot of the conch, and, reaching around to the side, struck him again with the pistol-butt on the knee of his lame leg. ' He gave a howl of anguish, slouched down npon one side, and almost lost his balance. Before he could thoroughly recover I struck' him again, this time upon his right wrist, and the knife wont flying out of his hand, striking me broadside in the breast. I caught it by the haft, and, springing behind, him, plunged it again and again into his side, until he sank with a hollow groan upon the floor, and all was still. Though unwounded, I was bathed in. sweat and quivering like a leaf as I sought the candlestick and struok a light with one of the matches that lay beside it, and then, held it over my bead to survey the scene, with a thrill of horror that had- not possessed me while the tragedy itself was, enacting. Bourchois lay qaite dead in a pool of hia life-blood that was slowly making its way across the uneven floor in lines and streaks. At the foot of the rough steps tbat led down from the open trap-door I could hear sup pressed breathing, and knew that the woman was there waiting and listening. "Est il accompli?" she presently called np in a hoarse whisper. " Yes," I replied in French, and imitating the gattaral with which the dead man had been wont to Bpeak to the beet of my ability. " Bemain where you. are till I tell you to come up." Then with a nervous rapidity which I have never since been able to approximate, I entirely dressed myself, even to the putting on of my fur cap, overcoat and overshoes whioh I had not neglected to fetch up with me upon retiring. I was possessed with a wild, mad desire to get ont of that house of horror, and place miles between it and me, even if I lost myself in the snowy waste. Bat I even went to the trouble of reloading my revolver with freBh cartridges. Tben, with the oocked pistol in my hand, and Btill pitching my voice in imitation of the dead man's, I bade the woman come up. With a long gleaming knife in her hand with which she had doubtless stood prepared to assist in the contemplated murder, if called upon-she bounded up the ladder, her eyes glowing, and her whole face and demeanour expressive of a triumphant ferocity that, thank Heaven I I had never before and have never since witnessed in any woman. Bat, as sooa as Bbe saw how oompletely the tables had been turned, a striking change came over her. She recoiled into a corner, and seembd to contract within herself, muoh after the manner of a cat that is brought to bay by an unexpected encounter. But there was no pity or compunotion with whioh she surveyed the bleeding remains of her con sort in wickedness, after the first shock of astonishment had passed, and I was inex pressibly horrified to remark that she was gradually regarding me with a Bort of fascinated admiration. Presently she slipped out of her retreat with a soft feline movement, and, extending her hands towards me with a passionate, appealing gesture, she exclaimed in the broad dialect of her native Scotland: i I" Ah, bat you're a bonny an' a bra' laddie, an' it's a weel tbat the auld mon ha' foun® his richteous doom at last. He was unco* griff and garly. Stay wl* mo, an' be my gude mon, dearie; there be muckle o' money hidden in the hooss; we gang tegither to a far countree." ^ Overoome with horror and loathing, I for got my prudence so far as to slip my pistol in my pocket, and wave her off. I had no sooner done bo than the savage, furious fit returned to her, and, with a hoarse cry like that of a wild beast, she leaped towards me, knife in hand. I was somewhat taken by surprise, andj had her strength equalled her ^ aaility, it would probably have gone bard with me; fl8 it was, I evaded her attack with the utmost difficulty, and finally disposed of her by knocking her senseless with my fist-4110 only time I ever struck a woman in my life and, under the circumstances, I think the readerwill grant that it was excusable. Then, without staying another moment possessed by Bimply a wild, haunting desire to get away, to leave that accursed tavern far behind-I threw up the window and leaped out into the darknness. The height from the ground was greater than I anticipated, bnt, as I fell into a soft snowdrift, I escaped injury. The dog came howling around the side of the house as I scrambled up out of the drift, but a lucky shot from my revolver quieted him, and, as I made my way to the stable, I saw the eastern sky brightening with the coming of a new dawn with a feel ing of thankfulness that I had never known before. , I was soon in the saddle, less snow nal i fallen than had been threatened, and, trust ing to the instinct of my horse in finding the road, I reached St. Eustache in time-for. breakfast. My story was soon the talk of the town. Several brother- detectives chanced to be onband, upon other business, and, with them and several others, I set out at once to return to the inn, and effect the capture of its wioked mistress, if possible. We found it burned to the ground ! A subsequent search of the ruins revealed the bones of Bourchois, bat there were no other remains ever found, and what became of his guilty partner in life and crime i3 a mystery tbat never has been cleared up. Crank Dudley had been deterred from keeping his appointment by an arrest in Montreal upon an old charge, and always stoutly maintained his utter ignorance of the Bed Inn and its inmates; with bow mnoh veraoity I have been unable to deter mine. But I am happy to say that a fortu nate after-eircamstanoe enabled us to re cover our stolen property, without com promise or any expenditure whatever, and that I came in for the lion's share of the reward. " GENTLBMEN of the jury," said a Worcester lawyer in the court-house l&sfe; week," at the moment the policemen says he law UB in front o! the house which was burglariously entered, I will prove that we were locked op drank in the station-house," 