r^u<nai o^u1 £0r i/mra?Mj9Ci oco I COUNT SCOnDA~*to'3OTiflST^W^WArf|J . THE shouts of alarm were the people at that end o£ the narrow st»$ feared they were about to be trampM «poa by the horsemen, who had appeared suddenly and at a gullop from another street. Countess Inez glanced in that direction, and, as the horsemen were not more than five hundred paces distant, read'ly recognised a party of Count Soorda'a mounted body guards, and amid them she fancied she saw Count Soorda himself. . , Tho mounted body-guarda of the count were of a vary different class of the people of Barcelona from that of which his foot guards were composed. The latter wure mainly from the lower ranks of the populace, though their captains and chief officers were I members of some of the inferior orderB of the Catatan. nobility ; whereas the privates as well aB the officers of the mounted guards were all members of the higher order a o£ nobility. Moat of the privates of these horsemen were wild, reckless, and dissipated yuung nobles, scions of families wuloh, in the. late political struggle between Soorda and Torreda, were strong partisans of the ambitious and unscrupulous count. Fifty of these young nobles, aroused to action at an early hour by the salvos of oannon, and by the various rumours suddenly afloat throughout the city soon after it became known that Lady Mazeenta had escaped fretn the Soorda palaoe, had assem bled in haste before the latter edince in The Eambli, and then ridden hero and there about the oity seeking the count. . They met him jaafc aCter he had hurried from the fortress of The Araenals, and one o them immediately dismounted una gave up his horse to the count. The count was scarcely in the saddle when he was informep that Lady Mazeenta was In the litter of the BUppOBcd Florentine, and that the bearers of the litter had taken a route which, if not changed, would carry them to the rear of the Soorda p&laoe-; The couut then directed ms own course thitherward by the shortest route, and accompanied by the young nobles, and riding fast, appeared at one ena ot. tne narrow and now crowded street, as we nave iuBt related. , The horsemen, glittering in burnisBoa steel of the most costly and abowy armour of the times, and armed with long appeared so suddenly in the rear of he rabble, that the latter shouted m terror, knowing that eince Count Stord* had become absolute ruler in Barcelona neither he nor his partisans showed any respeot for the lives and limbs of such of the common people aB chanced to be in the way of the.rockloBS and oruel nobility. . « What means all this collection ot tne rabble and riff raff of Barcelona m the rear of our palaoes!" exclaimed Count Soorda, annoyed by what he saw, and riding abre-wt with three young nobles in advance of the others. "Bain up a moment, gentlemen. Not that I care for the comfort of these baBe born knaves before u3-but, my faith, they are too] closely packed and pressed together in this narrow street to allow us to ride through or over thera, Ha! I see. the lances ot my noble sister's body-guard, her banner, yeB, that is she-aud the noh litter of Signer C«retta. What can be going. on there ? The countess appears to be striking some one. She has a most aevilhh teinper. Forward, gentlemen. Out of the way, vagabonds I PfJck the knaves with your soear-points, gentlemen 1 Foiward . The atom, harsh and powerful voice of tho fiery ond ruthless oount was plainly heard above the cries of terror and appeal raisod by the unoffending people near mon. He was very pale, and his eyes, always sinister, had a ferocious glare, while his hard-lined featuros looked unusually for midable ond forbidding as they were :(ramed in the white and stained cloth with whioh Usau had baudaged tho lacerated ear. Chafed, bruioed, chagrined and sore from hie reoent straggle with ^ord .Hm Count Soorda was in no mood to be meroiful to tho common people of B®r00'°°a'e P"'"{ ally as he had lately heard that many of their number had uttered what ho <eaUed seditious whisperings . in . out-of-the-wfty corners against hia exercise of absolute P°The unfortunate people got out of the way of the advancing nobles as well and as faBt as they could-pressing acainst eaoh othor, climbing upon'each otVf heads, and shoulders, scrambling llko Bqmrrels and cats tip the steep walls on either side of the narrow street-wherever they oonld find a crevice to plaoo a finRer or a toe, while here and there some sank down'and were re morselessly trodden upon-by their terrified °°Batbao saw that tho same terror and pres3 would soon be near the gate, of his hired palace, and that his ioliage-hidden grounds would natnrally be rnahed for as a plaoe of refuge by hundreds of people who would no longer remember the tales ot ghosts- that hnnft about the plaoo. ' i.. , , He spoke privately to Ahmed AH, and in stantly that active snbordinate forced his through the Inez guards that were between tho litter and the gateway, and a moment later saw the strong gate closed and ^Meanwhile OountonB Inez oommanded her Kuarda beyond the litter to faco about and level their lanoes towards the people who were between the advancing nobles and her ^"itlfmy brother," thought the oountess, "and he would not suffer me-to soourge tWB rascal Galloz, perhaps. I shall have time to give the inaolent hound a very fine thrashing, however, before my brother can ohook mo-if I work fast." The oounteBB then prooeeded to "work i fast" and, to do her justice, we must soy I that she did "work fast," and give Juan Galloz a most rapid. soaroblog, stinging, slashing, and powerful soourglng-being not in tho least particular whether Un saoarge fell npon his hoad, back, hands or heels. At tho same time it i« neo«i»uy to say that Galloz did not roooivo a blow more than bis constitutional rascality and IMg on 1 punished villainy «t<*orr»d. Reining op her well-trained palfrey near tbe kneeling wretch, and leaning well over him, tbe countees stormed down a perfect tempest of strokes npon him. The oountesB had the strength of a strong man, and Joan Galioz had not the fortitude that had enabled Dama Boveda to receive her punishment without a whimper* He howled 1 He roared! He bellowed! Dama Boveda. danced and quivered with delight. More than once while the scourge was falling npon her shoulders she bad noted the eager joy ? .with which the inn keeper leered, grinned, and-stared at her over the helmet * of the aocommodating soldier. -It was her turn to be joyful now. yet she was not wholly satisfied, for more than onoe she said to herself: " Oh, I wiah Phillip Parez could have half of it for calling me a snap-dragon 1" We do not know bow many, blows Galioz received ere. the counteBB desisted from her working so fast* He had a strong belief that he .received somewhere in the neighbourhood of five millions-though probably not more than a hundred ttrokes were struck when Count Seorda called out: -".CountesB 1 Sister! Inez! Stop! Cease that work1 For shame ! Stop 1" But tbe couut - was not near enough to seize hi« siater'a arm as he thus shouted; and when did an angry woman ever hold her itriking arm or railing tongue the instant leeiliiliflr^unlawful authority commanded her jtthe countess dealt her aridefiflrcer after the douxft forward and sword; ao that we ard pfti to aay that the guilty and received about a hundred and tWeuty^ilodW -which were by no means a whipping fok"tt baby." , Aa a final blow the counteBB hurled tbe heavy butt of tbe scourge at the bead of Galioz, and as she W«B very expert in hurling all kindB of missiles at her servants, the weighty mass, as hard as stone, struck the brutal rascal.squarely between hia ugly eyes, and tumbled him over upon hi« back. \- All in all, this punishment was the worBb and most complete overthrow Juan ^ Galioz bad ever had-especially as it was intliotedin public and by the hand of a woman. " Shame, sister 1" exolaimed Count Seorda, aB he reined up bis horse abreot with that of the fuming countees.. " Shame I Why this publio display of your stormy temper ?" " The rascal-your pet knave there-spoke innolently to me in publio," replied the counteBB, her voioe and lips tremulous with rage and excitement* " And when I offered to punish him in publio he dared to olap his; beastly hand upon the hilt ;of his Bword." " My lord," Baid Galioz, who had scrambled to his knees,11 as I am a living man, I meant no disrespect to the noble countess! I-'1 " Silence in my presence 1". cried the volcanio woman. " Speak again before me in your defence, and by heaven 1 will have you out to pieces on the spot. You have offended me, and esoaped with your life. You are more fortunate than many others have been. Another time you may not be so fortunate." Her eyes darted such terrible rage at the innkeeper that he hung his great bull-like head aud trembled in his buskins. " Tour dear lady-love," continued the countess, and addressing the scowling count, " is in that litter-as you see. X advise you to lose no time in. malting her* First Lady of Barcelona, or she may eaoape your love for ever." Turning then to the captain Of her gnards, Bhe gave Bome brief command, and rode haughtily fund slowly toward the rear entrance of the Ssorda palace. Her troopB closed around and behind her, and'moved with her. "I would Bhe were dead-or the wife of Bilbao tho Saracen-or anywhere out of Christendom-that I might never see he face or hear her voice again I" muttered Count Seorda, aa he darted a glance, of wrath and chagrin after his sister. " I would the Englishman she loved had loved her, married her, and carried her hence fifteen years ago I She was half-fiend than, but since he scorned her love she has beoomo all fiend. 1 would the demon had her 1 I am afraid of her 1" Ho turned to the sergeant of liia foot guards and said: " Explain thiB scourging, Fabio Alvnro." The sergeant obeyed, and, with the brevity of a veteran, as far aB he understood the matter. " I admire,and will reward your zeal, Jnan Galioz, though ' I oannot believe that Oountesa Inez would have made Lady Mazeenta quit-the litter," said Count Saorda. " Such purpose was plain npon the faoe of her ? highness," remarked the sergeant, who. had no lovte for tha.countoas, " else I am sure ' Master ""Galioz would not have spoken so boldly^aa he did." " May I die in' the clutches of the mob of Barcelona, if I spoke a single word," said Galioz to himself. "It was Senor Biohard -may the fiend confound and claw him and Senor Arthur I" Ha rollod his fierce and bloodshot eyoB around, and as they met the Bteady and powerful gaze of Master Maxton, he trembled again nuii let his glance rove elsewhere. . " Unbind Galioz, Bergeant," oommanded the count. 11 And, Galioz," ho continued, "you shall have a hundred pieces of gold for what you have suffered, and for your zeal in my Bervico to-day. You were right and bravo to Bay that all honour should bo given to'the intended brido of Couut Seorda. Come hither to my stirrup that I may whisper something." . Galioz obeyed, his arms being now free.. "You are not that kind of a man," whispered the oount, " whose soars from a Boourgo can be healed by gold." Galioz gazed keenly up into the dark and Binister eyes of the noble, and read thero that which emboldened him to reply: " Your greatnesB knows me well." "So I thought,*Galioz. 'But: accept-'the hundred pieceB--they will be paid to you at' my palace to-morrow-and ten timeB aB many shall bs yours- if within a week yon proud lady's high head' ia' lower-mu()h, lower than we see it to- day.' You understand me ?" " Perfectly, my lord." " By my faith," continued the count,' saowUng, " the life of my bride will not be safe, I think, alter tho loak of fiendish hate the oountesB cast upon her aB ahe rode away." To he continued. 