®f}t gfiuncg JMomíug Strain. MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1878. IT Î9 not much to bo wondered at that those Members who had pafely Beoured thoir plunder should havo been unwilling to run tho rislc of losing any part of tho spoil, and should havo boon opposed to a recommittal o£ tho Electoral Bill ; but it is difficult to understand why tho Government should now show any particular yeal in tho matter. Thoy have at present a working majority, the steadiness ol' which, if it has not sur- prised themsolves, has surprised somo others, and they may possibly find that by seeking the constitution of a larger Houso they have run from safety into danger. And if on grounds of policy there ia no reason for especial zeal, there is certainly none on tho grounds of honour. The amendments made in tho schedule were substantially a dofeat of the principles of the bill, and sub- stantially a dofeat of tho Government on almost the first occasion on which it had dis- tinctly taken its stand on a principle. The Government laid down a distinct doctrine, carried it out with impartiality, and defended it with vigour ; but they were beaten tune after timo by a combination whicli was too much for them, and which tore to shreds the doctrino they had been at such pains to elaborate and assert. The second reading of tho bill without a division was, nB tho events show, a farce. It is usually sup- posed to import an acquiescence in tho prin- ciples of the bill, but on this occasion it imported nothing of the kind, and the majority agreed to tho second reading simply to get at the scramble. The only principle that the majority recognised was that each of them should get as much as ho could and let the devil take the hindmost. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON is certainly to bo con- doled with that he should have been left out of the running, but if his ill-success should induce him. to see the expediency on high moral grounds of throwing out the bill, his private disaster might prove a public benefit. If the Government were strong and high- spirited, they would drop the bill, altered as it has been in defiance of their strongest convictions, and in opposition to the essential principle thoy had intended should govern it. "Whether the measure, as it stands, will bring them more supporters or not, is more than wo can profess to conjecture, but there is one thing it will never bring them, and that is credit ; on tho contrary, it is a standing symbol of their inability to control the House, and of the humiliation with which the House compelled them to pass UDder the yoke. In default of the bill not lapsing through the action of the Government, the next best thing would be to see itcome to grief by tho action of those who aro disappointed, in combination with those who aro disgusted. We have desired to see a better distribution of the representation, but it is impossible to feel any respect for the bill as now altered, nor could the incursion of the additional members justify any one in saying that the larger House will bo a fairer representation of tho country than the smaller. "We can- not help regretting that the bill was not re- committed, because it is so certain that amendments would have been numerous, and so probable that many of them would have been successful, that tho bill would have been made still more ridiculous, and might havo "broken down under the weight of its own absurdities. It must be more clear now than ever that the Government made a grave mistake in not attempting to deal with the over- represented constituencies ; if they had done that they could have appealed with confidence to their consistency throughout. But it was impossible for them to bo very indignant at giving two members for less than 1700 voters, when they themselves «auctioned the retention of con- stituencies of which the number of electors ranged from 500 to 1000. The Government were consistent enough so far as their pro- posals for new members were concerned, but consistency is only valuable so far as it rests on principle, and a principle is but poorly advocated when it is illustrated in one part of the bill and obscured in the other part. We havo already exhibited the anomalies that tlio distribution now established both creates and leaves. The figures spoak for themselves ; and it ia not necessary to add a word to show how utterly ridiculous the wisdom of Parliament has shown itsolf to ho. It is true that tho Bogan and ono or two other rapidly-growing constituencies aro bettor served than before ; but, taking tho bill as a whole, the anomalies aro certainly not eo appreciably less as to make it worth while to pass tho bill at all. We do not complain greatly of anomalies - we never havo complained of thom ; we consider thom unavoidablo under a system of local representation. But wo do complain that an elaborate attempt to get rid of anomalies should leave matters nearly as bad as before. If, however, the mero failure of tho bill in achieving its object wero tho worst to be said against it, thoro would be no moral considera- tions involved ; but the strong objection to this bill is the political immorality by which it has been reconstructed, Tt is not too strong an expression to uso, to say that the bill is now a clisgraco to the House, There have been many rowdy evenings which have drawn public attention to the bad manners of some honorablo members, but wo doubt if there over was au evoning which displayed a greater lack of all that should characterise a Legislature, and a moro disgraceful scramble for political power, than that evening last week on whick the very Constitution of the country waa mado tho gamo of persons and parties. One honorable member laid down tho dots trine that a single member could not look after the interosts of a country district ; in that case, he ought in consistency lo have voted for the recommittal of the bill, in order to givo additional members to some eight or ten rural electorates that still have only ono member. Another member argued that country members ought to bo in excess, because they liad roads and bridges to look after. Urban members have not the less local requirements to seo to, and they have tho greater claim to considera- tion because they mostly represent people who do tax themselves to some extent for local improvements, whilo the rural mem- bers represent electors who, for tho most part, persistently refuse to tako upon themselves tho municipal burden. The theory of dis- tance, ns justifying extra representation, has been utterly ignored, whilo at the same lime it has boen urged in cases where the doctrine no longor applies. No township that is connected by railway with the metropolis eau bo treated as distant to such an o.\lent as to justify special electoral consideration. They aro practically nearer to the metropolis than other localities which aro geographically less romote. Nor is it true that distance lins boon such a great political disadvantage. Can any one, for instance, pay that Orango hits suf- fered from its distance, when the late member bousied that he had secured Imlf-a-million sterling for the district, and was feted accordingly, and when tho present member gave the district a bonus of several thousand a year by reducing the grain fieights? The ostensiblo object of hurrying forward this Electoral Bill is to have a fairer repre- sentation of the House to deal with the Land qxtestion. But is it fairer for the special purpose of dealing with that question to give the country a disproportionate representation ? It ha3 been far too much the custom to treat the public estate as if it was exclusively tho property of country residents- as if tho only people who had any interest in its alienation wore squatters and free selectors-and as if the townsfolk had nothing to do but to look on while these two classes wrangled over tho division of the spoil. But the townsfolk have a very deep interest in the alienation of the public estate, both in tho principles involved and in the roveuuo to be derived, and it is quite timo that they made their voice heard. Under the schedule, as it now stands how- ever, they will bo able to speak to little pur- pose, as the rural party will bo able to control the representation. THK graphic description given in a recent number of the Contcmvorary Review of the state of Russian politics will furnish much that is new to many who aro sufficiently familiar with Russian diplomacy. Although Russia is a word that has lately been on everybody's lips, the country that goes by that name is comparatively little known. In the sense in which the word is most frequently used among ourselves, Russia can hardly bo said to have any politics at all. Tlie existence of political parties is strenuously denied in Russia itself, but though sho has no Parliament and no Con- stitution, her political divisions aro as marked as those of England, and aro as numerous as those of France itself. Adopting the political nomenclature of the latter, the three parties into which Russian society is divided, are known as the Right, the Centre, and the Left. The politicians of the Right are of three kinds-the Reactionists, the Slavophiles, and the Ultra-Patriots. The Reactionists, or extreme Conservatives, are those who mourn over tho spirit of tho age and sigh for a return of the good old times of NICHOLAS. They are composed principally of old men who revel in the reminiscences of youth, of functionaries who have been de- prived of office, and of members of tho nobility who have lost the prestige as well as the profits which they possessed before the days of the emancipation of the serfs. In the Press this section of the Right, or the Con- servatives, is represented by the Grajdanin. The Slavophiles, or the second section of the Conservative party, differ very materially from the Reactionists, since, while the latter are in favour of an autocratic despotism, the former would like to set up a democracy. The aim of the Slavophiles is rule by the people -the Slavic people in Russia, and beyond it. Their theme is the beauty of tho Slavonic civilization, and their dream the deliverance of their Slavonic brethren. Tho Reactionists fight for a caste, the Slavophiles for a race. They look forward to the time when a council of the people will be elected to give advice to the Sovereign. On this account the political doctrines of the Slavophiles are regarded with the utmost aversion in high places, and copies of their publications have been publicly burnt at the in- stance of the Press Censor. The Slavophiles have no literary organ, although they have several organs that unite with them in extol- ling the ideal qualities of the Russian people. This is one of the points on which they agree with the Reactionists, tho others are their attachment to the national Church, and their hatred of the rotten civilization of the West. I The third division of the Conservative party are the Ultra-Patriots. These are repre sented in the Press by the Moscow Gazette, | and are generalled by the redoubtable Mr. KATKOFF. Their principles ore tho unity of Russia-not as a Slavonic fraternity, but as a composite nationality-and curiously enough the necessity of the classics in the higher education of tho country. The people who have to be watched according to the Ultra Patriots are not the Turks, so much as the Poles, tho Finlanders, and the Germans of tho Baltic Provinces. Instruc- tion in the classics they hold to be the antidote to tho revolutionary propaganda which threatens tho dynasty as well as the institutions of Russia, and this they have got tho EMPEROR to firmly believe, although his predecessor was as firmly convinced that since much of tho literature of the Greeks takes the side of republicanism, its effect would be just the opposite. By the influence of tho Ultra Patriots, the natural sciences and modern languages are made to take a second place, and Greek and Latin aro both made obligatory, whereas formerly Latin alone was obligatory, and Greek was only learnt by ex- ception. The bonds of union between these three divisions of the Right are their attach- ment to Russia as it is or as it was, their dread of modern progress, and their enthusiasm in the cause of the war. The Reactionists fight for the war in the hope that it may show tho worthlessness of the new dispensation, and lead to a return to the principies held in the old times; the Slavophiles because it is a war of their own making, and in the interest of their own flesh and blood ; and tho Ultra-Patriots because it is a protest against separatism and cosmopolitanism. But the three fight for it as a protest against the barbarism of Turkey and against the civilization of Europe, as well as because it is an assertion of the rights and the greatness of Russia. Such, according to this picture of life and thought in Russia, aro the elements which compose the Right. The Left are to no small extent engaged in a crusade in tho interest of atheism, socialism, and republicanism. Their theme is the pessimist doctrine that whatever is is wrong. They are, as a matter of course, at constant war with the Government. Tho party is composed of two sections, the first consisting mainly of students and scholars, who have their organs in tho Press and their place in society ; the second of revolutionary pamphleteers, who sow tho seeds of irreligion and disloyalty in the dark, who are constantly hunted by the secret police, and who, in tho end, it may be, find their way to the mines of Siberia. Although irreligion is a political offence in Russia, and antimonarchical sentiments are among the most serious of national crimes, both atheistic and republican opinions exist and aro pro- pagated on a gigantic scale, despite an over-wakeful system of inspection, and notwithstanding tho terrible punishment inflicted on offenders. Russia abounds with the emissaries of a socialistic propaganda. It was stated a short time since that there are fully twelve millions of socialists in the dominions of the CZAR. Tho middle party in Russia, or tho Centre, is composed of moderate politicians, who are pledged to liberal and pacific principles. They are represented in the Press by the Golos and the Messenger of Europe, tho former a daily newspaper, and the latter a monthly review. " This party is to be found principally among the learned, the literary, professors, advocates, and judges, and also among tho lower nobility ; workmen of all kinds ally themselves to it more or less, and it may be boldly asserted that this is the party of action opposed to tho Extreme Right and the Extreme Left, who are given to reverie and foolish dreams." The middle party sets itself against Chauvinism, censorship, arbitrariness, inordinate national vanity, and all needless public interferences with private affairs. It pleads for greater providence at home, and less aggrandisement abroad. As a matter of course, it supports the policy of the prosent CZAR, which has been a policy of progress, and seeks to extend the reforms which have been the glory of the present reign. Those reforms have been far more numerous and more thorough than people generally suppose. We are prone to speak of Russia as a synonym for despotism, cruelty, and greed, and to think of it as if, with the exception of the emancipation of the serfs, this were all. But the emancipation of the serfs is but one of Russia's reforms. Along with this there have been the institution of modern courts of justice, trial by jury, municipal and provincial assem- blies, elementary lay schools, suppression of corporal punishment, relaxation of the censorship, tho compulsory instruction of the soldier, the superior education of women, together with the introduction of the general pedagogic methods which are common in Germany, The Liberals are represented in the Govern- ment by General, MILUTIN, Minister of War. They are detested by tho Radicals because they do not go far enough, and by the Reactionists because they go too far. They contend for a more liberal treatment of the Poles, and are therefore at enmity with the Ultra- Patriots. The commencement of reforms in Bulgaria is a smaller matter with them than the con- tinuance of the reforms already instituted in Russia, and for that reason they are hated by the Slavophiles. They oppose any return to the superannuated institutions which filled tho pockets and fed the pride of the old school of politicians, and are therefore disliked by tho high nobility. The Liberal party have everything to gain by a speedy and successful termination of tho war, since its success means the success of the national policy of the last quarter of a century. The Reactionists, on the other hand, have persisted in regarding every Russian reverse as an evidence of the failure of the new order of things, and they do not fail to hope that, as the outcome of the war in the Crimea was the downfall of the autocratic despotism of NICHOLAS, the issue of the present struggle may be a similar close to the popular policy of ALEXANDER. GOVEIINMENT HOUSE.-We are requested to state that in consequence of the dangerous illness of her son Lady Robinson was compelled to leave for Mel- bourne overland on Friday night, and the ball which was to have taken place at Government House on Thursday next ÍB in consequence unavoidably post- poned. SUNDAY' Osxsasa OP THE MUSEUM AND THE FRÍE LIBRARY.-A report was current last week that these public institutions would be opened yesterday, in accordance with the recent decision of the Assembly. The Museum remained closed all day, but the Free Public Library was opened from 2 till 6 o'clock. Seventy visitors attended dining that time, of whom thirty were readers who frequent the room ! only two natronisod tho lendine branch« OUR CAM» NEWS -The tono ol our European messages still continues hopeful From some of the cablegrams we publish this morning, it would appear thBt very much rebanee ii being placed upon German mediation, especially in Russia Ino Joui nal des Debáis, lio«eyer, condemns tho foreign pohcy of German}, and doubts tho sincerity of its mediation between England and Russia But thu view, emanating as it docs from a French source, rnuit be taken for what it is Tvortlt. The prospects of a European Congress arc improving, and if any credence is to bo gn cn to new s from Berlin, it would seem that in that city it is expected that tho Ambassadors repiescnting the other Powers wUl draft a proposal for such a Congres that -will be acceptable to both England and Russia With regard to Turkey there has been another chango of Ministry The discontent and ill feeling that must prc\aú at the partial dismemberment of tho Turkish empire proba- bly has much to do with popular dissatistaction v, ith the Goi ernment Whilst the European situation remtuiiB m a state of símpense Great Britain is pushing on v>ith her warlike preparations, and will boon hme, m addition to her immense fleet, a very powerful anny in the Mediterranean rcad\ for hostili- ties at a moment s notice With Roumama matters begin to look desperate Prmce Charles v. ill not j îcld Roumanian Bessarabia to his more powerful neigh- bour, and asa consequence the latter has threntenod to occupy his principality with 120,000 troops lho army of Prince Charles is judiciously retreating towards the Carpathian mountains to avoid the Russian troops, whilst tile Prince himself is said to bepio ceeding in the samo direction Ins ExnmiTtos -Ulereare many strange faces m the city They represent MBitors intent upon seemg the opening of the Lxlnbmonto morrow One of the social questions just now is as to where -usitor» hcie shall he accommodated during the next few weeks 1 he hot"lb are rapidly filling up, and it is said there is some difficult! alicady m procuring accommodation at pm ate boarding estibhshments These facts indi cato the presence of strangers equal in number to those of list j ear On that occasion, there was a similiu difhculty at first The citbons, how ei cr, siw the çj-igencics of the time and met them Iso doubt they will do the tame inthcprtscnt instance On Saturdiy, mattcis at the Exhibition Building imd ils grounds were m a forward state Ihey otlered nn opportunity for judging «hat the dispos of gooda in both piucos are likel) to be Ihcj \ull not be used so generallj ns nn advertising medium for goods not no\el or interesting as the Exhibí ions of former j ears It is true that somo frras lme transgressed the expressed desire of the community in this respect, and loaded their stallo and cates with goods of coin mon-placo character Luckih, how e\ cr, their numbers ire so few that the) are not likelj to affect the goncal attractions of the place The Council and Stem irds ha\e been extreiucl) bus) during the past week One of their successful «.{forts has been to prc\ cnt o\eicrow ding This will gue an opportun tj for allowing the public genenlly to witness the no\eltics with a greater degree of comfort than on prcwous occasions The horticultural displtjs will bo on a scale of great magnificence, and occup) n prominent position lhe co'lections of oren nnd minerals from the Department of Mines will also have a leading place Ihcj are arranged scicntiikallj, and contain some of tlie finest specimens of mineralogy in the colony The fossils interspersed amongst them w ill include representations from the lowest as well flora the most recent formations AU w ill prove instruc tnc Woolgrowers will be gratified to learn that the show ofgrcasj wool will be the best that haseier taken place at exhibitions here, also that the display3 in other descriptions is quite equal to tim' of former j ears The judges say this Strange to say, however, ISew South "Wales does not, tin the present instance, contribute one fleece of washed merino wool The dis play of agricultural implements will be gor geous The mea of their manufacturers has beeni not only to reduce manual labour to a mmunum, but to docorate their productions m a most unusual manuel One Melbourne firm has transcended all efforts wo haxo seen m this line Not only has it produced a combined reaper and mow ei, apparently emmentlj suited for its contemplated purposes, but gilded its cogwheels and nlaecd on its sideboard a picturesque oil pauitmg of no mean character It now appears that theie will le two self-binding har i esters at w ork on the ground In addition to that from Cinadn, to be exhibited bx Mr Tlcming, Messrs W G Amsw orth and Co Will display the operations of one of Wood s machine« from the United States This machine, it is said, has alread^ done good serMce in the fields here, and been regarded with fa\our It now remains to be said that e\ery thing l8 being done to malee the opening ceremony impressive to the mmds of the thousands of persons who will go to witness it Workmen were to commence operations afresh a short time before 1 o clock tlus morning Their intentions are to complete their labours as nearly as possible to- night THE A J C AUTUMN MEETING - Tho Autumn Meeting of the Australian Jockey Club will com menee ntlîandwick to dij.when half a dozen races will be decided The flag will fall for the fir«-! rate it hilf pnst 12 o clock The follow nig arc still left m for the Champagne Stake»-Koo dee, Lord Burghlej, Rojal Oak, Eirst Lord, Napper Tandy, Bosvtoith, Thirza, Emili, His Lordship, and the Brown Duches colt, and it is probable that the field will be still further ícduccd by the alscncc of Royal Oak, and Thir-a Cheater, Cap a pió, Woodlands, and Blncl Eagle are the onlj ones thit haie paid up for the St Leger, and the tnends of each Rre \er) confident Betting was somewhat brisk on Saturday evening' when His Lordship hardened for the Champagne Stakes to such an extent that he left off at even money ; Bosworth, and Roo'deo were at 3 and 4 to 1 respectively, and IO to 1 waa freely offered bar three. Chebter was not nearly so firm for the Su. Leger, and the fielders were willing to accept G to 4, and, at the last, oiïeis to lay even money on him met with no response. Cap-a-pie was at 6 to 2, Woodlands at 3 to 1, and Black Eagle was almost friendless. The betting on the Sydney Cup under- went some change. Ciusnder carno into the market with a rattle, and, at the evening closed, was as good a favourite as Pardon at about 100's to 16, Chester was not in such demand as heretofore, and he and Strathearn were at 100's to 12 ; and from 100's to 10 to : 100's to 6 were forthcoming about any of the others. THE LATE MR. W. G. HEtjr-rtBY.-A well-known and highly respected citizen-Mr. William Goodman Henfrey-died on Thursday last, at his residence, Castlereagh- street, where he had for many years past carried on thebusinesa of a cordial manufacturer. About three years ago the deceoied was attacked by a serious disease of the hip-bone, which compelled him to keep his bed for nearly two years. Owing to great care and medioal skill, a change for the better then took place, and he was enabled to leave his room, but only for a few short months, when a relapse took place. The complaint from which he suffered caused the most acute pain, to allay which morphia was prescribed. The disease increased rapidly, and on Thursday, at noon, he died from the effects of an overdose of morphia, which, in the opinion of the jury, he had taken to relieve the great pain. Mr. Henfrey was well known in sporting circles for the last twenty years. He WBB one of the founders of the Australian Jockey Club and Tattersalls Club, and alwayB evinced the greatest interest in everything ap- pertaining to the turf. As a starter he had no equal in the colony, and, during his connection with the leading clubs, Bccured the esteem and respect of all with whom he came in contact. He belonged to the old school of sportsmen, a class that has nearly melted away, «id his death is sincerely regretted by a large circle of friends. Mr. Henfrey has left a widow and a family of four. The funeral took place on Saturday morning, when the remains wero conveyed to their . last resting-place st Bookwood. PASSEVOWS TE» R. M S TATO«-By ward Melbourne w e have recen ed bv telegraph a lut of tho passengers for S>dnov and Melbourte by the Taniore, which arrived at King George s bound on Thurs. day'-For Sydney The Bishop of Bathurst, Mr» Marsden and children, Mr and Mrs Edrouton Mr«. Edwards Lacquer, Miss Scott, and the Rev W Murray For Melbourne Colonel and Mr« Ance! aad 6 children, Mr and Mrs Braddon, Mr and Mi» Wirton, Mr and Mrs Da\enport, Mr and Mrs' Roberts, Mrs Houghton, Miss Higginbottom, Bil J Murphy, Sergeant Major Leggatt, Mcuri Noel. Murray, Downey, Maher, Roche, Watson, Allein Russell, Wardill, and Gibney StKDA\ AFTBRNOOK ON HVDE PARK -The «errie*» on Hyde Park yesterdav afternoon passed off m a quiet and orderh manner, and all excitement hat now died out Pastor Allen made an intimation which will be received by tho public with \ery grentsatls. faction, MZ , that he wdl for the future discontinu« his «cnices on Sundays on the Park, and will hold them instead m the Protestant Hall He adopted thu couisc, he said, not fiom any personal fear, but in con. sequence of tin. extra duty which had been imposed upon the police by being kept m readiness to preserve the pcicc 1IIBRAIIWA\ ACCIDENT NEAR PENRITH-We haTo recoiled tile following additional contnbution in nid of the wiles and children left destitute in consequence of the recent railway accident -Mr beldon St X eonards, 10 TATAL KICK n\ A HOUSE - Yesterday morning, about 9o'clock, a voung mannameu FrederickChirles Cracknell, 21 )earB «f age, died from the effects of a kick by a horscon Snturdax c\emng It appears that the deceased, who was a carter in the emplo> of Mr. Kidman, greer, of Oxfoi d-street, went into the stable» to get some Harness, when he was suddenly kicked b) the hoiso in the lower pat of the stomach He atterwirds walked to the residence of Dr Kenwick and thence to his home, 112 Dowling street, Wool- loomooloo Dr O'Connor visited him m the evening and also x esterdaj morning, but he got worse, and died at 9 o clock An inquest is arranged to be held at the above address at 8 o clock this morning Pi OTESTAXT Ortpii vx SCHOOL - Drill teachet M'Naroaia having made charges against the mastci nnd ina'ron of the Asylum, affecting the general management of the institution, Mr District Jude« Dowling x\ns requested to investigate them From his report upon the case, laid before Parliament, in answer to question« asked m the Legislative Assembl), we extract the concluding paragraph, ns follows - "Having now considered the xanous charges in de« tail, and havinc; giv cn my opinion regarding each, it onl) remains for me in c inclusion to say-m addition and subject to the general observations before made that, m ni) opinion, the children mo properly and S) steraatieallv instructed m moi al conduct and duties, that the) aro taught habits of cleanliness, industr), and diligence, cverv thing is properly provided for the clothing ot the children, and the maintenance ol good order, that the establishment is under propel management and control, and that instruction is duly afforded to all children attending the school, that further, the children are treated with kindness-thal no mdue punishment is inflicted, or improper lan [iii.p u»ed towards thom bv the officers or servants ot tue institution " R \ i vv v\ PLATFOI-M, STANMORE -A short time a» n députa ion waited on the Minister for Public Works, to ask him for a railvva) platform for Stan- more Thev suggested a site halfivav between the newtown and Petersham platforms 1 he matter has since been followed up b) Mr. Alderman Dailey, vv ho hns receiv ed the following letter from the Cora missioner for Kaiina!s -"Iso 78 lOU Depart nient of Pubbc Works, Railway Branch, Syüney, IGth April, 1878 Sir,-In reply to !Ourletter ol the 27th ultimo, mth reference to the erection of a platform at Stanmore, I ha!e the honour to inform you that instructions ha!e been given to construct a platform at the junction of Holt street with the rail- way I have the honour to be, sir, your most obe- dient servant, C A GOODCIIAP, Commissioner foi Radways A\ Badey, Esq , btanmore ' DFSTULCTION or PLATE GLASS -A verv dis- agreeable incident occurred to Mr John Murphy, plate glass dealer, George street, on Good Friday ile was engaged in the Exhibition building at th« time moling some immense sheets of plate glass lhe«e, for the purpose of easy manipulation, wew placed on a kind of trolh Occasion arose for re mo mg them to one of Messrs Lassctter and Co ! show cases lhe space mallabie for turning th« trolly foi doing so was unfortunnteh so limited tha< the glass became top-hea! y and commenced to toppl over \lr MUrphy ran forward to endea!our to pre> vent its falling lu, weight, howe!er, was mucntoc great for him to hold up Consequent^ the gla s fell over lus both, and struck the ground with a great crash lhe sheets, six m number, ana probably the largest in the cit!, wero destroy ed lhey were said to be w orth £60 Mr Murphy did not escape injury One of his arms rccci! ed a cut three inches long lins w as of such nn apparently serious nature that he nt once proceeded to the Infirmary to have it attended to MR Cnrswicxs 100TH NICHT.- Av UNTRE" CEDENTFD E!ENT IN CONNECTION W1TK THE AUSTRA- LIAN" STAOE -After fulfilling an pngagement ni Mel- bourne, which extended to ninety three nights, Mr Cresw ¡ck carne to Sy dney and commenced his sue cessful career on the 20th of December at the Vic- toria Theatre, and w ithout any intermission excepting Sundays, he will ha!e completed the 100th night of his engagement this ei enuig Such an event should not pass without being recorded It is an actol justice to an accomplished arti-t, and also a tnbut« due to the taste of the supporters of the highest class of drama, the plays represented ha!HUT been those of Shakespeare, Massenger, and Knowles BvnilRST STIELT BAPTIST blN-DA\\-ScHOOL - On Fndr! evening the annual tea meeting in connection with this school, was held m the schoolroom, and was followed byn meeting m the church There was a large attendance lhe Re! P II Cornford pi esi lol, nnd spoke in congratulatory terms of the I« ogic s of the school and its future prospects The Kc\ Messrs lay lor, Hibberd, and Fenwick, and other», doll! ercd addresses and some recitations w era mien b! the scholars and teachers There was a distribution of books during the course of the even- to WooLLAiir v "\ OIXNTEER F« E BRIOADE -Toward« tlio close of last week, this brigade accepted a chal- lenge from the No 1 Companv City Brigade to play a fuendh game of cricket on Good Friday All pre lirainanes haling been ananged satisfactorily, it was expected that the No Is would haie put in an appearance, which the! did not do, and a match was subsequently arranged and pla! ed on the Double Bay rfsene, bet« ecu the Woollahra Fire Brigade and the Double Bay Cricket Club, íesultme m an easy victory for the brigade, they haiing beaten their opponents is one innings The kindness extended to the brigadt by the Double Bay Cricket Club is gratefully appir ciatcd JAI> VN -We have received from Mr Nicholas W Tilomas i copy of a document forwarded through Captain Matsurrn, of the Japanese man of-wat Tsukuba, to the Government of Japan. This docu- ment, which is sicned by se! eral of the leading mer- cantile men of Sy dney, is a request that the Japanese Goiernmcnt will grant all facdities for the arrange- ments to bo made to provide regular steamship com- munication between Sydney and Yokahama DEATH OF A VALUARLE BILL - Stockownera will íegiet to hear that Messrs Barnes and Smith, of th« Chu once Ki! or district, have sustamed a serious lou by the death of their shorthorn bull Duke of Coral The animal w as brought by steamer here and dunno its somewhat rough passage, was thrown down se!eral times It w as very tat and heavy at the time, and i< is supposed recci! ed injuries by its falls, from which it did not recover Its death took place on Good Friday, at Prince Alfred Park, where it was to be shown during the approaching exhibition. The bull w as held in high estimation His form and breeding were of a high order. Whenahve he was valued al £1000 IIIE LEGAL PitorEssiov-Mr W Sargent, photo giaphor, has forwarded to us a large photograph of tile legal profession m Sydne! The members of tin Barnre m the centre, while the solicitors surround, and lorni an appropriate frame for them MoBt of the likenesses are !erygood, and a numbered table ol reference gives the names of all the gentlemen. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PKOÜDENT SOCIETY -ERRATE« In this society s report, published by UB a few davi since, an error mad! ertenth crept in Tor " steadily ina casing ratio of expenditure," should be read, "steadily dccreasxnq ratio of expenditure ' Thl sentence should lead as follows -"The rate of in- terests which is now being reali7ed on the invested funde, and the fa!otuable mortality which has been expenenccd, combmed w ith the continuously inercasin( amount of new business transacted, and the iteaddy decreasing; ratio of expenditure, afford ample rouon for the belief that the profit of the now chasing «nun quennial ijenod will be very satisfactory " i Pnocious Boxt -It is reported from Bathurst, wik» frit ?""> that shortly alter tho opening of VikwonvYedncsdav morning last, ti rather sonsa ¡1 event occuried in ont of tho bull stalls on the ni "Mr T Lee s pme nnimnl " Ro) al Ü eorgo " ¡Xenlocated in his stall, and was quietlvstanding r ,,),(," one of the attendants foolishlv entered i the intention of readjusting the feed in the " j Tho animal resented the intrusion, and, as ti min reichcd the side of the ¿tall near the trough, i.kall turned and ran at him, orushing him against ¡¿nie wall Escape from his dangerous position ,uimpossible, and before the man could even make oittnopt to retrace his steps the great beast made ..«.ond rush «' l"m nn" o'ohing him m the Lji with one of hu horns he endcavourod to toss (a but couH onl) partialh succeed in doing this as ii roof of the s'all was so low The unfortunate aaiell heavily and would doubtless have received lather mjunes had not some of the bystanders Lvtil forward and dragged lum out He wes found ijhesaffcnng from severe injuries and bleeding pio IJKT and a vehicle having been procured he was HMtcd to the hospital where he now lies Tho ive animal injured a man nt the last show, and it i» «iree >lial as 'lc knew the bull's character, the man tor injured should have placed himself in such a ¿lirons position H KDEitois ATTACK-A serious charge was inves- ted on the lßth instant at the Echuca Police [ vt lae Rncrtnt Uerald B'atcB tliat a Chinaman tiatd Ailinn appeared with hil hend bound up, to .-*cutea woman named Man Ah Kew, for HIJUT t¡ him According to the evidence the prisoner frutX the celestial with n meat chopppr cutting do« n ron hi'skull with tlie sharp edge Iortunatc1) the tpponstnicksilcwnvs and iift°d the sralp nis'eadof ¡¡-iff ducc IT on the bone ? but as it wns an nrtcrv ia<everoiI and the man lost a deal of blood Pn i m appeircd to hav e received no prov ocntion but lent, ordered out ot a Chinamans house for calling ¿. inmn fs inonkevs She has been before the Coirtbe'orc for assaulting her Chinese husband, and ¿»KVS given into custo lv »omc time ago b) lura for hning his house down but the charge was not nw\ fcmce ti cn Ah Kew has lived npnrt f'om i The woman presented a pitiful example of female «ndation and of tho xitions influence ot the [H tcsc upon Euroi eans ÎKP iVEVT Ti AM OP >XOtISU CjItCKETrlt» TO VjSIT \r rvtiA-Hie Aie states that arrangements hav o tu loncludcd for tlic visit of a first class team of i!*m',n plnv er^ from England next season Since jba lust Mr Cur is Reid, the secretarv of the vi 10 Ins been in corn spondenco with >ir I J) \ i! er the celebr ned plnv cr, on the »ubject, and i er 1 tv a te cram carno throufh, mtiroanng that ".min hid b=cn formed, nnd would reach Australia 'rtle mail stcamtr which is due here on the 10th Pt tmbcr 1 he team which wall in all probabihtv, t u le the nanvs of Lord Hams and the lion Mr t ton wi'l be cornioscd cntirelv of gentleman f who will be the guests of the M C C, whilst ti re m n n the colonies Thcv will plav their i ra c1 oi the Melbourne ground on Boxing )i'v\ith V» best eleven in "v ictorin, and as the 1 t han plaur-, will bv this linn, linve returned I Ji Inland en exutin¡> contest mnv be looked for repl'vtra will then TU t îsew South v\ ales and cu h Au«tra'ia but thor vnll "o to norn ot the other jsnvs and it is al«o undi stood that thov wall visit tjplacrot conaetted wi<h the various tapitals b) ti? From nthnes received bv the last mail, it is mäentthat a verv strong team has been got together i! Mr M alker wiote to anv that unless ho could form lint cla>s eleven he would not come out at all It j the impression in England thnt onlv n verv superior ten could hope to nchiev e much success against the »mai pla)ers and that even then, combined aitches should bo plav ed on even terms Un-os -On Saturday eiening at the Temperance Hill, Madame Loth VA îlmot lectured on the subject o Courtship and Matnmonv There was a fair «tendance and the lecture w as listened to with con tderable interest hrniMART ITEMS -The following coses have been Wited at the Svdno! Infirmary -David Williams i crushed finger James Hamilton 40 scalp wound irai M Kenna 30 scalp wound John Murphy 69 mund of ulnar artery Henrv Brown 37 scalp round John R!an 25 crushed finger John Robinson 40 retention of urine Henn Walker 6G ¿location of right thumb James Sultis 40 wound otu eve A man named Frank D!er foil off a lefoÄBg at Messrs Cohens ne» buddings in ^praftreet and received several fractures for mäht has been admitted to the Infirman IVtATUE ROXAL -On Saturda! night the perform ta e m this place w as'or the benefit of Mr Chaplin cJ under the patronage o£ a good house Tho histo ml drama entitled Robert Emmett formed the 54 part of the programme The play depicted the ¿Ling incidents m the patriotic Irishman s career (L scope w as afforded for the display of rhetoric ba S beneficiary who took the beading rule, and the ¿imcter w as filled w ith a becoming dignita though i fuller measure of enthusiasm in the impersonation mid not ha!e been amiss Miss Alice Dcorwyn _iáe a pretty little impassioned patriots wife and »formed her part admirably, receiving with Mr Chiphn a shower of bouquets at the close of the ¡rema Mr South and Miss Oliver, as a son and .lighter of the Emerald Isle and friends of the nose of Emmett, acted their parts well, and their .tthfulness certainly gave !anet! and life to tho !IT The representations includpd meetings of con ijiKttors surprises by the king s soldiers the capture amsonmont, and trial of Emmett closing with 4 execution scene, unexecuted 1 he «econd part Ithc performance w as thf best being Tobin « spark nglittle comedy, ' Tho Honeymoon, in winch Mr» »art» Siddons took the leading character (Juliana) the play is conceived somewhat after the design and ii li'«pint of that of " The laming ot the Shrew and »ill« Mr Chaplin ? character made an admirably cool ?ittuchio Mr« ¡siddons hllcd the part corresponding tothato* Katharina with a wilfulinperiou«ness a mock nlimlss on, and finally a. gentle and sweet docility and ¡Jtablenoss that mark her as one ot our first actre ses The piqunnt passages of the comedy are rendered by Ker with the most mirth proiokmg effect The Mates Dcoiwyn filled subsidiary paits very fleasuigl! and the other members of the company twtnbu'ed to ft !cry creditable penormance of a tfnedy full of humour and fun from hrst to last The interest of the audience was absorbed to the tlo e when the company w ere greeted w ith w arm ¡niau c MT Chaplin returned thanl s between the ¡hys for the benefit gi! cn to him TOTGEOROIAMINSTRFLS-This well known troupe i! vocalists dancers, and burlesque acto s made a fippcarance at the Queens theatre on Sa urda! night They w ere favoured with n fairly filled house THe programme they offered was of the usual w eil iiictsifiel character lhe nrst part waB specially «wed for chairs and its numbers w ere principally »! on amusing description The second was deioted Io dances and burlesques These w ere all rendered in Koa st!le The latter were proioca ive of much Imghter V*lUÏ, IENTS ON SATURDA-! EaENINO-îvotwith finding the crowded state of the theatres on '»tnidav night the minor places of amusement and ra eramnaent recen ed a large shaie of patronaee *h D Vrcv Road s Ghost at the Guildhall Castle R3»h street, again made its anpearance, and togethei Wa the numerous phantoms o\ which it is leheied tfoTded conside able merriment, as well as treated ntcrestin the wonders produced by the spectroscope At the behool of Alls Thompson s Confederate Dorama was exhibited Lieutenant Herman ga!e Ridence of lus powers of aentnloquism and the lash Comedy Company added their share to the îîening s entertainment bppncei s ' Ro! al Poh Munt m Pitt street supplemented its scientific «tractionsby a concert lor those who are fond of Maternent m the ihnpe of acrobatic performances, «e Havraafctet reseñe is again partly enclosed for Hie exhibition of various clever feats by some infant prodigies who at the risk of life and limb, show to *hat o wonderful degree of training thev haiebeen taojected To DA\ s AvtsEMENTS -There Will be no diminu- ta m the number of attractions for hobday mai era to-day Miss Ly dia How arde will make her reappear .we at the Theatre Royal m Byrons extra! aganza ivanhoe At the Victoiia Theatre Mr Creswick Wl for the second time, take the part of Falstaff m Henry IV The Gcoigia Minstrels will give their MSger entertainment at the Queen s Theatre Pw to their final departure from this colony The »Militions at the Guildhall, the behool of Arts, and jenter s Polytechnic w id also be repeated At St 'rancis Hall, a miscellaneous concert will be given oaidof the hall fund, and a temperance concert will we place m the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street A wadnlle party will assemble at the Masonic Hall, »wk street, and another at the Temperance Hall, 'Wtown Various excursions to the faiourite ¡«orts around the harbour arc also ad!ertiscd «> take place to daa There is little doubt »weter, that the great centre of attraction JT be at Randwick, where the first day s «w»g includes the St Leger Still, where «ne are so many thousands of people in search of Wrment, there is little likelihood of any one place «raj a monopoly of public favour, 