One of tho most extraordinary onslaught upon Eugliah jurisprudence hss just buon perpetrated by Mr. Berry's Ministry in the colony of Victoria, and if such conduct wero to remain unchal- lenged ny tho - independent press, we should think wo were porpotniting a griovoua public wrong. The Australian colonies aro so intimately bound togethor, both for wenl and woe, that no political action in either ouc can fail but to have some iiiHuonco upon tho others; but, as it is generally said that, 44 it is an ill wind that blows nobody auy good," so a short sighted policy of any Administration should aorvo as a boacun to warn the rest of tho breakers ahead. Wo aro now espe cially referring to tho recent trial, by Royal Commission, of Mr. Allan, Deputy tiurvoyor-Gonoral in Victoria ; wo cannot call it an enquiry, for that would be a tivo nave ubsuiuuu uiu juulumr iniTbtiuiis of our constitution, and consequently are plaintiff and judgo in their own action. Such conduct cannot be condemned in terms too scvero. Our constitution so thoroughly defincR tbo functions pertain ing to the Executive aud tbo administration of justice, that we island ugliest at the temerity of the so-called people's Ministry. Wo thoroughly agroe with the writer in tho " Argus " of Tuesday lost, under tlu nom do plume ef " Star Chamber." Space will not permit of our roprinting the same in extonso, but we rocotnmeod our readers to make themsolves acquainted with tho contents. 41 In this colony," speaking of Victoria, " Star , Chamber" writes, 4 4 there are properly constituted tribunals before wliich the charge levellod against Mr. Allan is rightly triable, and, apart from such courts, thore is a mothod known to tho law under the Civil Service Act for trying officers. Mr. Allan, who is now Assistant Surveyor-General, is accused, and found guilty by a Royal Com mission, of having acted as dummy on be half of certain squatters iu tho Westcrndis- trict during the timo lie was Government Surveyor in that district under the Land Act of 18G2. Now, to bo a dummy is to havo an employer, and thus is laid tho , foundation for charging Mr. Allen with- conspiracy to defeat an Act of Parliament — a criminal offonco if proved — just a much as was tho charge against Messrs, Stevenson recently triod at tho Supremo Court. If these things aro to bo per mitted, what was thoro to prevent Stovonsons from being tried by Royal Commission ; or to go to an extromo case, and .instance a commission to try' a man charged witli'murdor." Wo would go even further, and say, under such a regime, from which calamity may heaven defend us, what ia'to prevent a' man, or a body of men, boing put on their trial by, Royal Commission for venturing to differ from ( Ministers like Mr. Berry and his satellites 1 Forsooth,' things have como to a pretty pass. The Land Act of 3862, Victoria,- was an Act passed when the present Speaker, Sir Gavau Duffy, was. Minister of; Lands, ostensibly framed to pnt the pooplo oti the land, but as it contained no clause compelling resi dence of ,?ther selector, any- amount, of pcoplo gladly took up land, and sold it ss soon as their legal titlo .permitted.- Wo ourselves could point' out thousands of acres of as fino arablo land as one: would need to possess, a year or two ago, lying as uncuiLivqtod as when seloctod. The original proprietors had sold, no doubt, at a fair profit, and their successors wore of opinion they, could invest. their capital in sources of a more profitable nature. ,Who could blame them ? Iiesi donee was hot 'necessary,' and, If wo are not mistaken, neither was cultivation ; it was, no doubt, considered its a niatcor of course "that cultivation would follow. Alas 1 for human nature. . Either tho Act was intended to promote diinimyismi or tho natural .- tendency- of a great- many othorwiso most worthy individuals to make as much mouoy as thoy could ou tho easiest posflibio terms was thoroughly lost sight of. Tho Act of 1809 altered matters con siderably.; it was thero laid down as .a sine qua non thnt the scloctor.. must ; resido upon and cultivato-.'a certain portion of h» land.,But tho recent trial had nothing whatover to do; with' the: Act -of 1809 ; it was for dummyism<. alleged to have been coinmittod nndor the Land Act of' ;18G2, which was of .so loose, a nature . that tho offending party- must have, .committed boiiio vory .flagrant breach to . havo boon ; found guilty by twelvo of lna countrymen,; and in our estimation there is nothing whatever in the evidence to support tho 'clmrgojnadojby Mr. Mlulsh.. against Mr. Allan; Bufcj after allj J'this is ro'nljy not jtlte qUQstiohiiat isahej What wo so 'utterly : jcondomu is Tlie asaumptiou of judicial 'functions by.'the Exocutivo— such a procooding is so foreign to the lettor and spirit of our constitution, wo can scarce bo- liove thoovidenco of our souses tlmt half-a- 'down-nien-couUl-be- found who would vonturo on so dangerous a path, and find ;inauy followers who would back them up in' t heir unconstitutional proceedings. In having thus slated our opinions upon this subject, .we believe that the majority of our readors will thoroughly concur with, thu opinions cxpressud. No one c iti havo stronger opinions thau ourselves in respect to duinniyism, and it has been our endeavor to light against this moral taint to tho best of our ability, til ox- pressing the opinion that Mr. Berry lins allowed himself to bo carried away from his better judgment in permitting so flagrant a broach of the constitution, we would, at the samo time, confess that the position taken by tho Uppor Housn in all the colonies has boon of such a naturo as it wore to goad tlio country to seek repri sals where they can be found. At tho samo time, this is not'statesinauship, Mr. Berry has had, no doubt, much to con- torn! against. It is very difficult, indeed, to control our own angry passions, and equally, pcrbnps, thoao of others. Wo will give Mr. Berry credit. for tho very best intentions ; no doubt, be believes ho is acting for the best, but still, backod as he is by so strong a majority, would, he not bo acting a more aoeudy part in endeavor ing to knit tho pooplq togethor for the common weal of all, instoad of being led, perhaps too much, to consider but one section of tho population ? It must not foramomont bo supposed that it is our intention to defend tho post conduct of the Uppor .Jlotiso ; thore cannot be tho slightest doubt that they have grievously and wilfully erred, nnrl the timo has most undoubtedly arrived, whou nob only tho Uppor House of Victoria, but of oach aud every colony, must bo mado more amenable to public opinion. At tho smne time, sweeping measures aro not advisable, but it is no "oasnry that the constitution of each Chamber should bo such that both branches of the Legislature may work together harmoniously. In having gouo outside the time- honored us-igcs and safeguards of our constitution, Mr. Berry committed a grave error. The less Oiat is hoard of Royal Commissions tlio better. They sometimes1 'may lmve been beueficial for administrative purposes, but they should novor bo substituted for our courts of justice. : Tun world is said to be getting older evory day ; we should only be too delighted to be able to say it ivas at tho same time growing wiser — we mean in its own in terests, Now, when wo go into a ware house) or Bbop, wo like either to obtain tho artiulo wo enquiro for "puro.nnd simplo,'ror, on tho other hand, wo like to be told that 44 Wo aro sorry to say wo have not tlio article you ruquiro " ; but to ondcuvor to foist upon us a spurious compound wo consider very much next door to thieving. . It is ,n sad thing to think that it requires penal laws to enable tho vendor to get over the difficulty of selling imitations instead of tho real article to his customers. In England, the adulteration of necessaries of common consumption had reached to such a pitch that it could bo tolerated no longer, end consequently severe measures had to be taken to put a stop to this nuisance, and we are sorry to eay thnt, judging from complaints that aro constantly being mado, we are of opinion that some very stringent Ibwb will havo to be passed hero, in order .that justice may bo dono to the cousuinor. Honesty an if Wir lan:-vay,"\tanr lliO" greatest' candor and truthfulness, that tlioso who barfcor their wares for good and lawful exchauge will find it mora profitable to give their customers what is asked for. Wo hope, perhaps, and vory probably against hope, thut wo shall hear no further complaints in respect to adulteration. Wo aincoroly hope that not only will tlio vendors sell a pound of colFeo as real coffee, or a pound of. butter as real buttor, without any abo minable admixtures,, but that tho con sumers will uot play iiito tho hands of the sellers by endeavoring to obtain what they require at a prico below tho marketable value. Wo very much fear that we shall not obtain 'this result so much to be dosirod ; but ouo thing -is -quito certain, that unless reform takes place we shall not cease our endeavors to put a stop to heso nofarious practices. ' ' The Broken Caulk, — A memo, was re ceived at the local telegraph office from Adelaide yesterday, as fallows Batavia, 1st. Edinburgh repairing cable. One fault removed. Expect complete restoration day or two. Sahdatii Breaking.— Several complaints havo readied us of unchecked larrikiniam which is indulged in indiHerentportions of tho town almost every Sunday. The police, who seem to he unmindful of their duties as koopors of 'the- -'peace, arc content to allow ovory description of rowdyism to lmvc full swing on that day when all should he rest ing. Wo are informed that on Sunday afternoou a crowd of boys assembled in the Catholic Comctery and misbehaved them selves in a most outrageous' manner, jumping oyortlio graves and knocking down the tomb- stonos, . Ihoir bad language was especially the cauu of annoyance to residents in the' noijrhborhooil itiul those who happened to he 111 tlio vioinity.' On tho Sandy Ray. bench n crowd of roughs gathered, anil for an hour and a half: watched n- disgraceful : light be tween two men, aiid thoro was not a police man to be soon during tlio timo. We trust that instructions will bo girou tho constables to be more vigilant; ou Sundays in 'preventing such unseemly disturbance as wo have de scribed. . The Society for the Prevention of Cuuki.ty to Animalx.— The fifth committee' meeting wns held at tho Society's office, G7 Macquaricsti'eet. on Saturday morning, 31st qltnno. Present— Mr. \V. Gcllibrand (chair- man) Airs; W. ANIker, Aliss F. Garrett, Miss Gelhbrnnd (acting hon. sec.), Mr. J Mitchell (bou. legal adviser), Mr. O. K. Walch (hon. treasurer), Mr. A. Park (lion, vet. surgeon). Tho minutes of tho former meeting having been read and confirmod, the correspondence was examined and arranged. A lottor from Mr. Sunerintcndciit Coulter, hi reply to one from tlio hon, sec,, relative to an act of cruelty reported iu Launceston, Letter from the Corporation, acknowledging recoipt of tl;o .Sqcicty's second communica tion concerning . tl;o roads to tlio stone quarries. Letters from Messrs. Jfawkcs, Andrews, and Wiggins, to bo forwarded to . 1 lt.L Ur.Poratioii ; also, copies of letters writtouin accordance with tho committee's ructions. It was reported by Messrs. Walch and Park, that Mr. A. Rcid, Mr. Fryer, and Mr,; S. Roberts wore prepared to petition the Mayor and Corporation for the repair of torest road. It boing stated that another gentleman had offered his services as an hon, inspector to tho Socioty, it was pro posed, seconded, and/carried. unanimously, that snoli ofter he gratefully accepted, .. The committee discussed, at some, longth .tlio ciuestioii of stray dogs lioing captured by the dog-catcher, with especial rofcrcnco to a sad accident which entailed terriblo sufferiiig on an unfortunato; .dog, , ; It ; was proposed, seconded, and carried unanimously, that Mr. George Stuart, bo requested;:, to forward monthly roports, on the lost -Saturday in the month, so as to. register Tho, names of " nil tlioso whom ho find guilty qf cruclty, with' a record of cau tions and - remonstrances. The meeting was then hdjounied till Saturday next, at 11 a.m. . ' LAnNtiESTON Poultry Snow, — Tjiovcnt I is to 'take vplnce in the pavilion, public gar- | deiis, on tlio 18th nnd lfith lust., and, to judge from the activity displayed by. the1 secretary and committee, thu arrangements will be most perfect. It is considered that tho entries from Hobart Town and tlio in terior districts will be more numorous than heretofore, and local fanciers also anpear to display more interest than thoyhavo hitherto done. Entries close on the 9th inst.-— Laun ceston Correspondent. Sacred Concert. — A sacred concert wns given last evening in St. John' Schoolroom, Macquarie-streot, there hcinga very numerous attendance. Several ladies and gentle men favored with wcll-oxecuted vocal and instrumental selections, which wero very enjoyable. At intervals the Rev. J. Scott gave readings from the life of tho Rev. W. C. Burns, a missionary who obtained soiuo ropute iu the good cause in China. Mr. Seott adopted a pleasant style of dofivery, and excited' the interest of lus hearers. Entertainment of this kind are very accept able, and we hope to seo them continued. .Concert at Bellf.rivk. — This evening tho first of a series of tlioso pleasurable con certs for which Bellorivo ia so popular will take place at the Institute. In ndditiou to tlic farce of 44 Box and Cox," several rocal and instrumental selections will bo given by amateurs from Hobart Towiu O'May's steamers will leave the Franklin Wharf at 7 and 7.45 p.m., returning after tho concert. D'Anov Read's Ghost. — Tho Town Hall wo very well attended lastovening, and tlio vagaries exhibitod by the "Ghosts" wero much enjoyed by tho audience. It was announced that the 44 spirits " would put in an appearance every evening this week for tho delectation of the good folk of Hobart Town; Launceston Brevities.— -Tho Court of Requests opens to-morrow, at 10 a.m.— A full parade of the volunteer corps, for the inspection of uniforms, will take placo to morrow evening ; Captain Boddam is ex pected to be present — At a meeting of the L. and N. W.C.S.N. Co., held on Saturday evening, the resolutions submitted at the previous meeting were carried.— Coursing closed on Saturday, and the members of the Northern Coursing Club held an enjoyable meet on Mr. \\\ . Field's estate.— Sophia Jackson, who wns admitted to tlio hospital recently, suffering froin a punctured wound, is progressing towards recovery. — Launceston Correspondent. Importation or Stock. — By tho steamer Dcrwent, from -Melbourne, there arrivod five thoroughbred horses, comprising a colt by Vagabond, two colts and a filly by Smuggler, anu tho mare Bronzcwing by Boiardo. .1 hoy wore bred in Ginpsland, and one of the Smugglers is closely allied to tho well-known steeplechaser Sailor, taken to England by Mr. R. Chirnside. The string is owned by Messrs. Campbell and Dransfield, who will place the animals in the market.— Launces ton Correspondent. Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Association. — A mooting of tho committee was held on Saturday ; Mr. T. C. Just in tho chair. The secretary reported that sub scriptions to the amount of £100 had boon collected, and ho bolioved that £200 would ho obtained prior to the show. A sub-cnm- mitlcc was appointed to arrange for a special stock train, on L. and W. Railway, ou tlio morning of tho show ; and gate stewards were also elected. It was decided to adhere /to the time for closing entries as advortiscd.; and a discussion arose on Mr. Just's report that he had tabled a motion in the Assembly for a grant in aid to the society of £100, and on the suggestion made to him that the motion should embrace the Southern and Midland societies, the matter wns left in hands of Mr. Just. A discussion afterwards arose on the farm labor question. — Laun ceston Correspondent. Supreme Court. — The Civil Sittings be fore Third Term will commcnoo to-day, at 11 o'clock. Hi Honor Mr. Justice Dobson will bo the presiding judgo. Tho following causes have been sot down for trial by tho Judge's Associato, George Browne, Esq. 1\. Wiggins v. Degraves, breach of contract, damages £3000. Plaintiff's attornoy, D. H. 2\. Afford v. Burrows, false imprisonment, damages £300. Plaintiff's attorneys, Miller ami Powell ; defendant's attorney, C. H. Elliston. 3. Stephens v. Wilson, assault! damages £300. Plaintiff's attorneys, Dobsnn and Mitchell ; defendant's attorney, 6. H. Elliston. 4. Davis v. Chcvcrton, collision, damages £100. Plaintiff's attorneys, Gill and Ball ; defendant's attorney, C. II Elliston. ' Police Court. — The only duty required o. His Worship tlic Mayor and Alderman Daly was to try a innn named Joint Woods, charged by Constable Elliott with having used obscene language on Saturday evening! The offender pleaded not guilty, but tho evidence of tho constablo was conclusive and he was fined 5s., or 7 days' imprison ment. Communication with Clarence. The committee appointed at tho recent public meeting held at Bcllerivo, to tako into con- sulcration the best means for obtaining regular communication with Hobart Town; met on Thursday afternoon at tho Council Chambers. A memorial to tho Minister of Lands was adopted, suggesting various alterations in the system, as also a reduction of tho fares. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. Stanficld (chairman), P. Buchanan, and James Young, will wait on Mr. Brown during the (week, to present tho memorial' and urge upon him the necessity of at once amending tho present arrangements.-. Melrourne- Poultry Society.— Tho second annual exhibition of poultry, pigoons, etc., by tlic Victorian Poultry and Dog Society, was opened on tho 2Stlr ult. and kept opon the two following days. The show was altogether a vory successful ono, the exhibits being far more numerous and of hotter quality than the provious occasion. Of tlic Tusinaninn exhibits the .following obtained prizes Mr.' Joshua Moore, for tho host pen of Duckwings, the- prize of £2 2s 'presented by Mr. W. Robertson. Coohin huff, first prize, Mr. Arthur J. Chapman. :Coehm bufl, under 12 months, Mr.. Joseph Lowes, Launceston. Polnnds, black -with white crest, second, prize Mr. John Smith, Hobart Town. Game Duolcwing, first prize, Mr. Joshua Moore. Any other variety of dueks, A. J. Pcard, Launceston (a pair of lasinaiimn wild ducks). Publicans' Licenses. — Tho Colonial secretary has informed tho City Council that the Govorninent are not at present prepared to accede to the resolution carried by Alder- nmn Watchorn, a few weeks ago, to tho effect that tlic fees paid by publicans in Hobart Town should be handed over 'to tho Municipal Council. The Government fear tlmt, if the concession wore made in favor of the capital, it might bo claimed throughout the colony. Presentation.— -At the conclusion of the rifle corps |>arade in the barracks, last eve- rung. Horgoant-major Instructor Aldorton was presented by Major Sir James Milno Wilion, K.G.M.G., with a vory handsome officer 8 sword and bete. In handing tho article named, tho Majv iai<l he had been requested to do no by his brother officers,' and referred in praiseworthy torms to tho soldierly abilities of tho recipient.' Mr Aiucrton replied in suitable terms, thanking tlio officers for tlio present, and also gavo sotno very good advice to tlio volunteers. Iho corps was then dismissed. . tho members of tho Young Men; Christian Association will bo held this evening at tho Freemasons' Hall at 8 o'clock, Floriline J— For tiib'tecth and Breath. —A few drops of tho liquid "Floriline" sprinkled on . a wet tooth- brush produces a pleoHnnt lather, which thoroughly cleanses tho teeth from all parasites or impurities: hardens the gum, prevents: tartar; stops decay, gives , , A,,1 a Peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odor arising from deoayed teeth or tobacco smoko. 44 Tho Fragrant Floriline." being composed in 'part of -Honey and sweet' herb, is delicious to the taste, and tho greatest toilet discovery of the age. Prioo 2s Gd, of : all Chemists and Perfumers. Preiiared by Henry O. Gallup, 493 Oxford-stroot, London. 3432 