MELBOURNE. (RKUTKB6 TELEGRAMS.) v February 12. A lad named Percy Campbell, aged 15 years, committed suicide at Richmond to- day' by placing bis neck on tho railway, as a traiu was passing, completely severing his head from his body. He was passionately in love, almost insanely bo, with a young girl- I Y \ named Christina Yuille,to whom lie wrote. \ stating his intention of commitUng suicide. l The final selection of a Victorian team for i tho Intercolonial match has been made. They I leave on Thursdny. ; . The clothes of u woman wero iound on ibo banks of the Yarro with letters stating that some female had drowned herself. No name was given. . ' Sir James M'Culloch retires from public life on the prorogation or dissolution of the Assembly. Mr. J. G. Francis will be asked to .contest Sir James's constituency, Warnambool, but it is tigraght probable his health will not permit of his entering Parliament at present. Tho Premier, Mr. Berry, has given notice that the Assembly on its rising, adjourn to the 3rd of March. ' l > The resolution to prepare an address to tho ' Queen is now being 'discussed. ; The Opposition are reviewing tho whole proceeding of the Ministry during the recess Notice of motion has been given by a sup porter of the' Government for reinstating all ; tho civil servants recently dismissed. At the meeting of the Legislative Council to- night, Sir George Bowen's reply to ' tbc address of tho Council was received, in which £-« ho refused to send a telegram to tho Secretary of State for tho Colonics on tho' crisis on the ground that the Council had invited tho. President of tho Chamber to send it. . , Fcbruaiy 13. Yesterday Mr. Culhbcrt, tho Postmaster- General, in replying to Sir Charles bladcn . in tho Legislative Council, . said that the Governor had received instructions showing .that tho Imperial authorities, after receipt of a communication foreshadowing tho crisis, had approved of his notions. The Governor's do. Bpatclics were confidential, and could not be published. The. Governor- was unwilling to produce' them without tho consent of the Secretary of State for tho Colonics. The j Council nevertheless . agreed to an. address to j the Governor for the production of copies of instructions and despatches received. j The Legislative Assembly voted nn Address j to tbc Queen, on division, by 63 to 23. The ' 1 Committee afterwards brought up a lengthy 1 address describing tbc causes of the crisis, | and expressing- a hope and 'belief that' the i Grown will not employ its influence to help | tho minority and impede tho wishes. of the I; great body of the people. I Tho Legislative Assembly aro now debating jfe theaddrcss. , 3 Interruption to the Telegraph ;| Lines. — At ono o'clock this morning, when i anxiously waiting for cablegrams, we re- f ceivcd a memo from tbc Telegraphic Offico to 1 say that the line was down between Tenter- ' field and - Sydney. War Intelligence.— As is usual, when, important information is expected, the in terruption to tlio line between Tcntcrflcld nnd „ Sydney prevented our receiving our lptcst cablegrams lost night. Our latest war dates arc to February Ihe 11th, and tho brief newB is not by <iny means of a reassuring character. The rumored allianco between Russia and Turkey lias received some con firmation in thc refusal of tho Porte to grant permission by firinnn for tho British fleet to anchor in tho harbor of Constantinople. IWfcat tbc ncx£ move on the board will be, wo must leave time to determine. Further in telligence will be looked (or with consider- lable anxiety; ' . RRljdon Land Court.— At the Laml Opu' sitting hold at Helidon, before Mr UoipmiMoner Smith, on the Cth February Y0 f,JownS applications were dis' pascdiOf :-'jdmcnded Aj>jtlwation William 320 acres, /Flagstone,.- ' grated/ ApjflicqttoneJor Certificates of FuU fityw of 'Conditions : Benjamin Barber, 325 acrcSjuqndifional, Taylor, to bo inspected ; Benjamin rBarbcr, 111 acres, conditional; .TaylOjyXo.ba indebted j/David Andrews, 329 ac.co\ditiual, Tept Hill/grnnlcd ; Patrick 'Woods, -?64:i acres,' 'conditional, Gatton, gnmted ; Yhomaa P.Horton, 900 acres, con ditional, EaVdalb. to be inanefitAri « THnlmrri Kettle," . 160w acres, jomcstead,- Lockycr: Skd; Ityuorno,. 86 , acres, home- stendj TenHilrgrantau / i TllE CMEpWETEn.DbYLE,— Tbo black- fellow, Pjiter boM cihu&i;: ivith'iipdecent bssaidt,\iituwt,'pHjnliii(.jgH|iK''jttkiee. His case ocpuplca tiStonit', nearly tbo wholo of two day a" rvnd twirjmieawero locketl up until nine o'clock "iff deliberation, but without any dcfibiaj&jBnlt.; ipbyib has regained bis liberty, and suppose JueUcq is satisflod.' Tbo juries' dcaltSltb'lJoyil&sthey; would with a wMtcfoUow..,jriy!jrhra.italod to convict a man, although' an aWfenal, o'i ibo unsupported evidence of a wotnaSJteho gnvu : tbo most extraordinary' evidence, taiid''. who ' confessed that two drunkon mcn | weix'.sicsp- - ing at her tent door. During Ttbo ,oourf(>pf ' . the prosecutrix's cross-examination 'by''Mr, , Miller on Tuesday, sbo declared that JJoylo f ,J-' entered her tent u like a ghost." ConsidblnV that Doyle is jet block, that the prosecutrix, had no candle alight, and the night was very . dark, tho idea of n blackfollow being like n , ghost, who aro, and over have been, of tho purest white, created, ns might be supposod; considerable amusement in court. ' Melancholy Loss of Life— Referring to tho heavy storm in Sydnoy 'on the 6th insL,' when over 7 inches of rain fell, tho S. M Herald of tho 7th instant says:— Tho most ' ' melancholy incident of tho storm of Tuesday' night was the drowning of Mrs. Johanna Williams, a widow, at Haddington'. She was ' endeavouring to assist a neighbour to remove r somo children from a house in Littio Comber- . street, which was in danger of falling from tho flood, when she was carried away by tho force of wind nnd water into a crock, and though efforts wore mado to savo hor, she was carried down tho creek, which was filled with o rapid running torrent, and her body was eventually recovered by her sons about ouo hundred yards away. / Tiie Attorney-Qeneral.— With refer ence to the paragraph in our last lost issue relative to tho Attorney-General, wis learn that-wo were' in error, in stating thai Mr. Power-received a fco of '£80 for performing tho duty of Crown Prosecutor. Mr. Power,-, -as Crown Prosecutor, is required to prosecute at any Circuit Court within his district, i-e. at Brisbane, Ipswich, and Toowoomba. .When he prosecutes at thoso courts, he receives no additional fees, but only his expenses. ,Tlm Attorney-General did - not appear in court officially to prosecute. Ho visited Toowoomba as Minister of education, to. examine the tiouth Ward and Middto Schools,' and obtain information pemonally-wbicb he could not otherwise obtain, lu justice to ourselves however, wo must stnto that tho paragraph in question was written on information sup- ' plied, and which was thought reliable. If you want a good Cup of Tea, tiy the Emperor's Mixture. Sold by the principal I storekeepers,— AD YT, - > si History of Australia.— Tho history of Australia nnd Tasmania from 1787 to 1870 is a volume compiled for the use of schools, nnd published by Mr. F. F. Baillicrc,of Melbourne, to whom we arc indebted for a copy. When wo inform our readers that tho work is edited by the clever ami popular Australian writer, Marcus Clarke, they will infer that it is well , nnd faithfully written. Condcused as such a history must be when comprised within tho covers of an octavo volume of 320 pages of large type, tbcrcdocs not appear to be scope for more than the.mcrc detail of fact,' yet in the little work before us the incidents, whilst given only tersely, are couched in such graphic language as to make them really interesting reading. And as tho places we read about aro more or less familiar to us, the incidents connected therewith have a peculiar charm The various events arc arranged in tlicir chronological order, and, there being a copious index, any one of them may be referred to at a moment's notice. The history we should say will form a most valuable additional to . tho Colonial School library. The School of Arts.— A meetingof the Committee of the School of Arts was held on Tuesday evening. Present : Mr. W. II. Groom (President), and Messrs, Rutlming, . Munro, Sabine, J. T. Walker, A. Thomas, Ross, Nelson, M'Intyrc, Harrison, Blnncy, Griffith, nnd Hanno. The minutes of the pre-, ions meeting were read and confirmed,- A letter won read from Mr. Pearson, offering an Auchcr Frcrc's pfnno for £15 that cost £65. Tho offer was declined with thanks. The Treasurer (Mr. Harrison) then read his monthly financial statement, which showed that after tho accounts, presented up to the 1st of February, had been paid, the institu tion would havo £1 to its credit Jfefurther stated that he had prepared a statement of the liabilities and assets of the institution to the 30th of June next, and said that at that lime there would be a deficiency of £100, which would rcqulro to be provided for. The following is his statement I.IADILITlRS. £ S. (1. Interest elite on morteapc,8(Hh Jane .. CO- O O DalanccduoonJlr.nixlaaU'icontnict .. WOO Ihia to a. Show St Co 10 12 ,0 Account duo to O. and J. Black for books nnd periodicals .. .. .. 40 O 0 Offloo rxpciiKs to June 80 .. .. ... 40 O 0 Advertising, oil nnd sundries 20 0 0 Total .. ... U . .. £200 12 0 ASSETS. Balance in bank .. .. .. .. 10 0 FntweripHons .. .. .. ... .. 20 0 (I lllro of (mil 20 A 0 Rent ofold baUdlng .. .. . .. 17 10 O Government subsidy .. .. .. 25 0 0 Total £88 10 0 ' Mr. Harrison stated that he bad formed his conclusions of tho receipts from tho average of tho past two or tbree months. Possibly one or two of tho items would be incrcnscd, but it was clear tbnt the probable deficit at ' tbo end of June would be £100. Mr. Bqycc stated that, as President of the Dramatic Society, be was authorised to state that an Amateur Dramatic Entertainment, in aid of the funds of the School of Arts, would take placoin about, a fortnight. Mr. Walker sug gested on energetic canvas of tho town for new subscribers, and eventually three or four of the members .volunteered their serviccsfor this purpose. The report of tho sub-com mittee appointed to revise 44 The Institutional Laws " was then brought up and" read at length by Mr. Sabine. The most important alteration proposed was in Law 4,' in which the sub-committee proposed that no ono .should vote at n members' meeting unless ho had been a member of, tho institution a year previous, and had paid bis previous qqnrtcr's ; subscription. . The question was discussed at length, and it was ultimately, decided by a majority of 6 to 4 not to disturb the existing law. Tho other alterations were merely ' verbal ones, and more or less agreed to. The , '' Treasurer, however, protested against any , alteration, on tho grounds of economy. Tho . lost;' printed laws cost £15, and he did notscc how tho institution could afford another £15, , Mr. Sabine then moved his motion— 44 That , ns by tho Institutional Law, No. 16, a mem ber absenting himself from three consecutive monthly'mcctings forfeits his scat', the scat of Mr, Groom, the President, be declared vacant." Mr. BUthning seconded the motion. Mr. Walker and others asked Mr.' Sabine to with draw his motion, buMhis he declined to do, Mr. Walker said that in his opinion the meet ing of tire new committcoia October Inst was not a meeting within the meaning of the' In stitutional Law, nnd thereupon moved tho of the new committee in October lost not being a monthly meeting, Law 16 docs not apply." . Mr. Harrison said that at Dalby the Hon.1 J. P. Bell hod been President of tbo School of Arts for seven or eight years, and ho did not bcllcvo be had attended a single meeting.' Mr. Griffith said he did notbclicvo in an ornamental President ; ho thought he should work as well as other members of the committee. Mr. R. M. Ross moved ns a fur thcr amendment— 44 That Mr. Sabine's motion lapse,", which was seconded by Mr. Griffith- The question was then put. Mr. Ross' amendment was negatived by 7 to 3. For Mr. Walker's amendment, 7 voted for it, nnd none against it, nnd it was accordingly declared carried. This closed tho business of the meeting. \ Building Society No. 4. — Tho usual monthly meeting of tho shareholders of this society was held on Tuesday evening, when £128 IDs. 8d. was paid in, and seventeen new ' shares taken up. Three shares were disposed of— two at 161 per cent, and ono at 171 per cent. Election of Mayor,— A specin! meeting t 'of tho Municipal Council will be held this afternoon at three o'clock, for the election of < Mayor. Wo believe there wilt be no opposi tion to the re- election of Mr. Garget. tfalti|au Watches. — 41 Tlio. Section whioh conspicuously brings out the enormous strength of America ns'a producing power is that of tools, and still more especially the vast army of machine tools for metal, which I' . nro tho parents of nil other machines. More \- limn 100 exhibitors have each a group than ' i romm&nds;' the admiration of all who take : - ' titc trouble to examine them in detail; These tools arc Tor all purposes— small arms sewing machines, clocks, wntchcB and all branches ' of mncliinc-making and engineering, and nl- most nil arc finished in a style superior to -that of any former Exhibition.' Probably the most exquisite set of machine tools ever rnadu ' : as that exhibited by the American Watch , : Company of Mossnchuects. No mero words con convey an idea of their high standard of v > excellence;- they must be felt and handled. " As the Whitwortli gauges ore to true circles these lathes and tools are to all forms re- ' ' quired in the mumifncturo of watches. Add < to this, great convenience iu arrangement nnd fitness to produce the parte of a watch so .exact ns to be almost interchangeable "—27m JZmes, 26th October, 1687, . , 