HUNTING THE WALRUS. [Prom Harper's New Monthly Magazbie.] [CONCLUDED.] A full-grown walrus yields about 520 pounds of blubber, 300 pounds of skin, and eight pounds of ivory. The blubber is worth 40 dollars in gold, the skin 15 dollars, and the ivory 10 dollars, making a total of 65 dollars. Of course the price is subject to fluctuations, but the average value of a full-growu walrus does not vary much from the foregoing estimate. The blubber is of course converted into oil. The skin is made into sole leather and harness, and, among the Scandinavians and Russians, into running riggiug for small sea- going craft. The ivory is of a denser and finer quality than elephant ivory, and is manufactured into an infinite variety of smalt articles. A walrus sloop which makes a successful voyage may bring home a cargo worth 2,000 dollars, of which the owners of the vessel receive two thirds, and the remainder is divided among the crew, the captain receiving throe shares, the two harpooners two shares each, and each of the sailors a single share. The walrus is not an easy beast to kill. The hunters usually try to steal on him in their boats while he is sleeping on an iceberg in what he considers a warm and sunny spot. So lightly does he sleep that it is probably easier to catch six or possibly eight weasels asleep than it is to approach one sleeping walrus without waking him, and it is necessary to be in close proximity to the beast in order to harpoon him. There are also difficulties in the way of shooting a walrus. If he is not killed outright at the first shot, he will infallibly roll into the water, sink to the bottom, and die where he can be of no possible use to any one. Now the walrus is compounded principally of blubber and bone, his head being especially bone-clad. If a bullet is planted about six inches behind the eye, and about one-fourth of the apparent depth of the head from the top, it penetrates the brain and produces instant death. It is, of course, no easy matter to hit so small a mark from a moving boat, and hence the rifle is of little use in walrus hunting, except in the hands of an expert marksman. The walrus is fond of society, and herds of 30, 50, or even more, are fonnd sleeping sweetly on an ice field side by side. One of the number, however, is always detailed as a sentinel, and he discharges his duty with the utmost fidelity. If he sees a suspicious object he instantly awakens his comrades by prodding them with his tusks. The herd then immediately take to the water, and can only be reached by hard rowing. * When a waljNaB is harpooned, his first impulse is to mve. The harpoon line runs swiftly out, and the walrus, finding that he cannot sink the boat by his deadweight, rises to tjie surface to breathe, and then starts at a furious rate to rush away from his tormentors. The boat flies through fiie water, which boils about her bows, and rushes after her in long radiating swells. Occasionally a fierce old bull drags the boat so rapidly that her bows are piunged under the water. Sometimes the walrus darts under a field of ice, and tries to drag the boat under after him, or to dash it to pieces against the ice. In such circumstances there is nothing to be done but to cut the line and let him go, while the crew thank Heaven they are rid of a knavish beast. If this necessity does not arrive, the harpooner hauls in the line as soon as the walrus slackens his pace, and when his victim is within reach he stabs him with the fatal lance until he yields up his special variety of ghost. Chasing a heard of swimming wal ruses is hardly less exciting than the chase of the sperm whale. The harpooner stands erect with harpoon in hand, and shouts to the steersman which direction to take. The men bend to their oars as though they were rowing a race on Saratoga Lake, instead of rowing for prosaic blubber. Presently the boat is among the herd On every side the frightened brutes are blowing, bellowing, and churning the water into foam. The harpooner poises his weapon, but delays to strike until he has selected the fattest one of the herd. Every few moments the walruses dive, as by a common impulse; but they can remain but a short time under the water, and when they come to the surface again the boat is still among them. Now the boat nears a veteran bull, whose vast bulk and long tusks claim the attention of the harpooner. The keen iron sings through the air, and its cruel barb is fast among the tough muscles of the doomed animal. He is not permitted to tow the boat for many minutes. Every oarsman pulls with all the muscular strength, nerve power, and weight at his command, and at the earliest possible minute the captured walruses is lanced, and the harpooner is hurling his harpoon at another. Sometimes three or four walruses are harpooned almost simultaneously, and their struggles make it temporarily doubtful which party is hunting and which is hunted. The instinct of maternal affection is very strongly developed in the cow walrus, and the hunters take a heartless advantage of the fact. If there is a calf among a herd of hunted walruses, the mother either carries it under her flipper, or, at all events, keeps close to it, and the rest of the herd chivalrously accommodate their pace to hers. The experienced harpooner, therefore, tries to harpoon the calf in preference to even the finest walrus in the herd, knowing that its cries will keep the mother by its side, and will call her companions to her aid. A cow has been known to watch the harpooner, and to deliberately interpose her body so as to receive the harpoon intended for her calf, without making the least outcry or giving any sign of pain. Hunters have, however, at times found their cruel expedient for bringing a flying herd around them rather more successful than they desired it to be. The walruses, indignant at such trifling with the holiest emotions of walrus nature, have charged the boat and torn it into pieces. Even in such circumstances, when the crew are struggling in the water, the animals seldom attack them, but prefer to improve the opportunity for renewing their flight. It is true that a Norwegian skipper was once seized by a cow walrus and dragged three times down to the bottom, but he explained the occurrence by the flattering theory that the beast mistook him for her calf, and that her action was therefore dictated by affection instead of revenge. Mr. Lamont, in one of his walrus hunting cruises, captured threee young walruses, which were kept in a pen on the deck of his yacht, and were brought up by hand with the aid of an improvised nursing bottle. They were easily tamed, and soon evinced the familiar fearlessness and 'winning grace of the domestic pig. Like the latter animal, they were incessantly hungry, and continually filled with admiration of their own vocal powers. These interesting little strangers lived to reach the Jar din des Plantes in Paris, where they lived in luxury until one day during the siege, when the happy thought of eating up the menagerie occurred to the hungry Parisians. Although the walrus seldom attacks men, even when they are swimming among the fragments of a crushed boat, he is by no means cowardly. He will readily fight any animal whom he does not suspect of having a harpoon concealed about him. Not only do the bulls fight savagely among themselves, but a walrus will often engage and and defeat the polar hear. The latter finds it comparatively useless to hug an animal who is defended by an unusually tough hide lined with layers of elastic blubber; while on the other hand, the walrus inflicts painful and frequently fatal wounds on the bear with his sharp curved tusks. If the walrus happens to have plenty of leisure on his hands, he will sometimes strike his tuslt6 deep into the bear, and drag him down to the bottom. Then, while the bear is drowning, the walrus takes him ppart with gjoat dexterity, and leaves the pieces for the benefit of casual sharks. Enough has been said to show that walrus bunting involves a good deal of hard work. It also involves an intolerable amount of unsavory odor. The perfume which ceaselessly ascends from a vessel's hold filled with rancid blubber cannot be described, and can be imagined only by a New Yorker living in the immediate vicinity of a bone-boiling establishment. The Norwegians, however, do not seem to mind it. Heroism in the presence of hideous smells is one of the characteristics of the Scandinavians. Perhaps the power of the Northern nose is dulled, just as its exterior color is deepened, by the cold. This is a matter which deserves to be investigated by ethnologists and meteorologists. The chief dangers connected with walrus hunting are due, not to the walrus, but to the terrible Arctic climate. The walras sloops are often wrecked on the rocks that belt the coast of Spitzbergen, or are walled up in some fiord or cove into which they may have ventured by the sudden packing of the ice. In the former case the crew may take to their boats, and either steer for Norway or try to fall in with some other vessel of the walrus fleet. When, however, the Arctic pack swoops down and imprisons an incautious sloop, her people are compelled to winter in the frightful cold of Spitzbergen, where the thermometer (Fahrenheit) frequently sinks to —45°, and even lower. For a long time it was supposed that life could not be supported in such extreme and long continued cold. This, however, was a mistake, as has been abundantly shown by the various scientific expeditions that have wintered in even colder latitudes than that of Spitzbergen. Nevertheless, the wrecked walrus hunter, with his imperfect means for protecting himself against the cold, and for supplying himself with food, seldom manages to live through a Spitzbergen winter. Many years ago a Russian company established a station on the coast of Spitzbergen, and for several seasons men were left at this station during the winter to hunt seals, walruses, bears, and reindeer. One summer the vessel which sailed from Archangel to relieve them was lost at sea. Iu the following August a party of Norweigans happened to visit the Russian establishment, and on reaching the huts found that all the men were dead. Fourteen had been buried by their comrades in graves, the shallowness of which showed how little strength the survivors possessed. Two lay dead just outside the threshold of the largest hut, and the remaining two were found inside—one lying ou the floor and the other on the bed. The latter was the superintendent, who had been able to read and write, and a journal lying beside him told the story of the sufferings of his comrades and himself. The ice surrounding the coast had prevented them from getting seals or wild fowl. Their stores had gradually been exhausted, and they had been attacked by scurvy. The last survivor had only had sufficient strength left to roll his dead comrade out of the bed, and to note in his journal Lis inability to bury him. The graves are now marked by rude crosses 15 feet high, and the huts are left in the same condition in which they were found by the horror-stricken Norwegians. It may be asked what sort of men are these who, in their wretched, unseaworthy vessels, pursue an occupation so full of danger and suffering. They are brave, hardy, patient, cheerful, dirty, and drunken. They rarely have the opportunity to exhibit this latter characteristic on shipboard; but when they reach home they make amends, keeping constantly drunk until their money is gone, when they hasten to ship for another voyage. There is certainly no class of sailors who suffer so much and are so miserably paid. It is strange that, in the present scarcity of good seamen in the British mercantile marine, an effort is not made to induce the poor walrus hunters to man the steamers and clipper ships of British merchants. 