TALK ON 'CHANGE. " I will buy with you, Bell with you, talk with you!" —Sharspbarb. « —Quamquam ridentem dicere verum Quid vetat f'—Hoback. That the Government of Victoria should offer 4\ per cent, for borrowed money lately obtained at 4 per cent, is a clear admission of lowered credit abroad. On a five million loan the difference of interest means £25,000 per annum additional, or half a million in 20 years, to be provided by the colony. It is true that a better price will be given for a 4£ as against a 4 per cent. loan. But it is a humiliating admission that we should be obliged to follow the example of deeply-indebted New Zealand, and revert to a higher rate of interest after obtaining loans at 4. Evidently Mr. Berry means borrowing, and the price of the accommodation is quite a secondary consideration. The issue of the " note inconvertible" is no new thing with Mr. Mirams. I have some recollection of an issue of advertisements by the financial institution over whose destinies he presides in the form of imitation bank notes. They were not sold for money, but circulated for advertising purposes, and were, of course, not intended to be con vertible. Probably this idea has festered in the brain of the eminent financier, and has come to a head in his proposal of an incon vertible issue of Government paper. A lady resident somewhere between Mel bourne and Oakleigh observed a couple of men upon her land. Inquiring their business, they told her they were surveying for the new line of railway, and asked her where Mr. O'Blank resided. She told them that no one of that name lived near. "Oh," said one of them, " he must be about here somewhere—Mr. O'Blank, you know, the member of Parlia ment." The lady still pleaded ignorance of the whereabouts of the gentleman's residence. " Well," said the surveyor, "we must find it, for our instructions are to run the line through his land!" I My friend Mr. Carter points out to me that the polls taken in municipalities (to which | he referred in demonstrating the inutility in practice of the pUbhcilvm) were not under the Local Government Act, as I suggested, and that want of knowledge of that measure was inapplicable to him. Willingly con ceding this, it may, I think, be fairly argued that, as in the case of the Richmond poll, it is too much to expect voters to come to the ballot-box to assist in an informal proceed ing, leading to no definite result, from its not being under the conditions prescribed by the Local Government Act. Two points scored for art. The Sydney Government has promised £25,000 to build an art gallery, and at the first legal assault by the Attorney-General on one of the pseudo art unions the offenders cried peccavimus—didn't know they were doing wrong, and wouldn't do it again if they only might be let off this once. Mr. Van Damme says he did not cry peccavi, and that he had other reasons for withdrawing from the lottery agency busi ness. There are two friends in a country town whose wives are rigid Wesleyans, and are scandalised at politics being talked on Sun days. They are now quite happy. The husbands have adopted Scripture designa tions for prominent political persons, and their Sabbath talk is edifying and refreshing to those worthy women. Mr. Gaunson and Sir John are David and Goliah; Mr. Berry, Jeroboam ; the Minister of Railways, Tubal Gain (an adept in brass); the Professor and the member for Collingwood are the twain who had the interview on the plains of Moab '> the Ministerial measures are the Acts of the Apostles, &c.; The incidents are occasionally rather mixed, but the domestic atmosphere is quite serene. Things are not going pleasantly at Snagging Camp. A harbours' and rivers' official was acting as banker for one of his men. He drew the pay on the duly signed monthly voucher. When the man wanted his money some £80—he couldn't get it. He " Polled" the gentleman (who still occupies a high official position) to the nearest court, and might have saved himself the trouble, for it was held that there was no specific agreement as to ate of repayment. The snagger, though he didn't get his money, got something else he got the sack. Now, all this so fired the ambition of the chief provider at the head camp, who had been in court, that he deter mined to profit—as few people do—by the experience of others. He announced that he was going to the township by the next passing steamer, and would execute com missions for the men. He pocketed a tidy sum, and had nothing to show when he came back. The only ' satisfaction the victimised snaggers could get was some thing to this effect, delivered huskily, and ■with emotion:—" Breach of thirst, or thrusht, or somethin'; pay when convenient; pull me to court if yi's like ; brought case Scosh whisky, broke on the road." He is now in hospital, suffering from what he calls sciatica, and there are several dislocated toes in Snagging Camp. It was 1 o'clock in the morning, and raining heavily, when Toprail knocked at the closed door of his hotel. He knocked a good deal, and then lie rang. Ringing in the rain at so late an hour does not promote good temper, but he rang on wearily but strongly. A late cabman joined him, and relieved his exertions at the belL After a most effective triple bob-major, there crawled to the door a sleepy night porter, who had probably been dreaming of the far- off English village chimes of hiB innocent youth. As he slowly opened the door, Toprail, who had been 10 minutes outside, dashed in and said, Look here, now that you have let me in, I mean to put you out /" That porter, now thoroughly awoke, put himself in an attitude of defence. Within 10 seconds he was on a wet pavement outside a locked door. Toprail found his candlestick, and calmly ascended the stairs. Before he had reached the first floor there commenced a fresh peal upon the bells. If Edgar Poe had been ajjout, he would have discovered a new motive in these bells, ex pressive of the woes of a barefooted night porter launched out of a warm bed into a cold wet street. Before Toprail reached his chamber there met him an alarmed landlady, in a dressing-gown. " Oh, Mr. Toprail, what's the matter? How did you get in ?" Said T.—" The night porter let me- in." "Where can he be now?" said Madame. "Mr. Toprail, would you mind going down and waking him up?" "Well, really, madame, I must decline to look alter your servants. Besides, I'm quite sure he is awake. He can't have gone to sleep since I saw him." Whilst this parley was taking place, the clang of the bell had risen to such intensity that the entire household was awake, and alarmed lodgers were asking each other on stairs and in passages " Where the fire was ?" Toprail at length told his landlady that he had reason to believe that the alarm was caused by that night porter. But he came off second best, after all. He was to be called at 6, to proceed on a railway journey. He was awakened just 15 minutes before the train Btarted, and had to travel in uncleaned boots! A critical friend of mine in South Australia thinks that, with regard to University educa tion, cause and effect are incommensurate. The Adelaide University somewhat resembles that celebrated regiment, the Gawler militia, which had upon the muster-roll five] officers and two privates. The University has four professors, and will probably grant one B. A degree next year. There is a northern Bishop, in this big island of ours, who iB noted for declared views of great testamentary liberality, tem pered by the utmost present parsimony—not to say stinginess. He is, however, said to be softening with age. The other day a cleric in bad circumstances called on him soliciting employment or aid of some kind, and it is positively asserted that the bishop spoke kindly to him, and gave him a sovereign to buy a new hat 1 This in his neighbourhood is held to be incredible—or, if true, to be best described in the villagers' account of the disappearance of the Ghost and the Lady " Which made ali the neighbours very much to admire, For they never see'd such a Bight before, And never would see such a sight no more." It was the same Right Reverend gentle man who was once waited upon by a large deputation of the laity concerning a cure which was vacant, and for which they de sired to recommend an esteemed minister. The bishop opened the proceedings with a bitter complaint that the letter which they had addressed to him, asking an appoint ment, was overweight, and that he had been charged for the deficient postage. They sub sequently sent him 4d. A state school teacher, suspecting a child of pilfering, marked a shilling, which was taken. Taxed with the theft, the young culprit confessed. Then comes upon the scene an outraged and indignant parent, who, with high moral tone, removes the child, saying he " cannot approve of setting traps in that way," and that he has " no opinion, anyhow, of a school where thieving is taught!" When the family of the Rev. S. C. Kent was retiring to rest the other night (the house is in Smith-street, near Victoria parade) the servant was startled by an ominous growl from the big watchdog, and as this was repeated she went out into the yard, and was* horrified at finding a man on the fence—prevented from entering by the dog. She asked him what he wanted, and, among his mutterings, she caught the words, " He calls himself a minister, does he, and keeps a dog like that—why it isn't consistent." -dSULEs. 