GHOST AT BETHUNBGA. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] NOTWITHSTANDING the means set on foot for the dissemination of literature, and education, there seems still to exist a belief [that ghosts are occasionally seen flitting about on dark nights, or "dancing upon the parlour walls." In ancient times hobgoblins and devils were supposed to take possession of' men, and sometimes for a change are said to have occupied the bodies of swine, but in modern times ghosts seem to have a fancy to empty houses, where they can carry on their vagaries uninteruptedly. This we should imagine to be in keeping with the "liberal tendency of the age" and the progress of civilisation, for pigs are some- times destroyed, are even butchered and exposed for sale, and the feeling would be anything but pleasant to imagine that pork was connected with ghosts—hence the reason probably for occupying old ruins and empty houses. It is in one of the latter that the ghost is said to have made its appearance, and in no less a place than the far famed township of " big Bethungra." A few even ings ago attentiou was drawn to the fact, that the station master's house was brilliantly illuminated, which caused an inquiry, as it was understood the house was unoccupied. Upon the approach of any person towards the house the lights seemed instantly to dis appear, some stated that they heard weird sounds, and unearthly noises, while others persisted that they saw two large eyes as big as tea saucers, peering through the windows. Several scientific persons, of whom it is said there are not a few at Bethungra, gave it , as their opinion that the house was lit-up with the new electric light, while some of the fairer sex suggested that the station master, who has not yet become a benedict, was about to get married. The latter suggestion seemed to take immensely. I told you so said one fair damsel, I knew it months ago ejaculated another, while a third exclaimed, just fancy! The statement about the marriage seemed to arouse the jealousy of several ladies who were aspirants for the hand of the much favoured individual before mentioned, and womanlike, at once registered vows in Heaven that they would solve tho mystery; this course (as usual) was easier said than done, and notwithstand ing the scientific law, the determination of the fair sex, and further, what must never be despised, the opinion of old residents as they like to dub themselves, these old wretches made a proposition that the local publicans should act as a committee to investigate the phenomens. This course was objected to by others who could not see the force of viewiug the local publicans as judges, jurymen, and executioners. How ever, several volunteers were forthcoming, and as soon as these wiseacres approached the house the illumination ceased. One young spark who is considered to be well up in the " noble art," essayed to approach the door and challenged the inmate " whether a spirit or goblin damned," to come out and he would take a round out of him, when suddenly a light flashed from the house, and the young bruiser in a brace of shakes made tracks. Tho illumination of the house occurs just about midnight When no one moves But troubled ghosts and bakers. The whole matter at present is enveloped in mystery, but a number of the savants at Bethuugra are determined, if possible, to set the matter at rest, in other words, to " lay" the ghost i.e. if they catch him. A CHOWDub and enthusiastic'meeting held at Brisbnno on Monday-night .passed resolu tions to tho effect that it rogretted the action of the A.S;N. Company, and afllrming it* to bo an injury to the interests of Queonslond by the introduction of Chincso, and assuring tho employes of its support by appointing a deputation to. wait on tho Government to request a, discontinuance of tho subsidy, and .withdraw tho Government account, to offer a subsidy to another company, and enforce the Ohincso Immigration Act. Tho: iVo?m?*(? Mercury informs us that fat etook rocently shipped from Gippsland to •Tasmauia rcalisod £30 per head. 