Tun first public intiiiialionof (.W|»<»liry ol'llio now Ministry was given liy tliu J'lvinicr in t!u 1 coui'^o of an addi'eiss to his eoiistituoxily 011 ilie 27th alt., upon the occasion of his re-election for St. Leonards. In a ppeech niaJc at such a time, a detailed statement- of the intentions of the Government concerning all of the many subjects with which they will probably be called 011 to deal, is not of course to be expected. We find, however, that Mr. 1'arm-xl lias managed within the limits of a comparatively , brief address to sketch the outline of a very liberal and comprehensive programme of reforms. The laud question naturally enough occupics a prominent position 011 the list, and it is satisfactory to note that the Premier and Minister for Lands is not only aware of the necessity for immediate legislation on this important subject, but that he is also tolerably well informed as regards the particular amendments in the land law which arc most likely to further the general interests of tlie colony. Thus on the question of auction sales, wo find liim (as repotted by the Sydney journals) speaking as follows :—" Auction sale or competition was a fair thing in itself; and you were supposed to get the highest market price if there were any bidders, but when a pastoral tenant applied to have 120,000 acres measured and put up to auction, it was found that there were 110 other bidders. Unless there was a demand for the land the Government ought not to put it up for sale. It was not a wise thing to be selling 50;000 or 100,000 acres of land in a block regardless of whether population was settled 011 it ov not. If we sold all the laud in the colony to one hundred indi- viduals, and brought immigrants to the colony with the money, where would they find rest for their feet ? As land steward of this country be should use his endeavors to have the country settled by people who would make the land productive. What would Sydney be with a population of 10,000 instead of 70,000. It would, be a place of far less consequence; and so it was with the country. The time had arrived when we ought to consider whether we would go on alienating the public estate at the same rate as we had been doing for the last five or six years." It is tiue that Mr. Farnell does not pledge himself to the entire abolition of tho auction sales, but if there be any meaning in words, his remarks clearly enough convey the impression that his Land Jiill contemplates a very material change in tho objectionable system—such a change as will at all events put it out of the power of the pastoral lessees to acquire the freehold of their runs whenever they are able and willing to pay down £1 per acre for the area. As to the probable efficacy of any partial reform in this direction we shall express 110 opinion until acquainted with the precise nature of the compromise proposed. Wc have always contended and still hold that the only effectual measure is to bo found in the complete abolition of tho auction sales, but at the same time wo have, also recognised the right of the squatter to acquire the freehold of a certain area in proportion to his leasehold. It may bo that Mjr. Farnell's bill proposes to continue the auction system only to the extent, and for the purpose of, conserving this right; and, if so, there will be little to complain about; but, a discussion of this point at the present is premature. Mr. Fabneu, takes a very broad and liberal view of the question as to improvements. Aware that residence is tho host guarantoo of tho aolootor's bona fides, he is not disposed to be too exacting with regard to minor points, and he is adverse to tho confiscation of a selector's holding whon no better reason exists for the forfeiture than delay in the completion of im provementfi. To quote his own words, " in any amendment of tho land law I should be inclined to do away with forfeiture of laud in all cases except that of actual abandonment. If tin; holder failed to complete his improvements, I would compel him to go on occupying until he did finish them." From the foregoing extracts, and from the general tenor of tho Premier's speech, there would sceui to bo lair reason for believing that his views 011 the land question arc in harmony with public opinion, tuid we shall look forward to the introduction of his new Laud Hill with much interest. On other subjects the policy announced by the Premier i.s also likely to meet with general approval. Electoral reform is to be dealt with at an early date, " not, however, in the way of consolidation of the law, which would render a general election necessary, but by an equitable and satisfactory correction of some of the glaring anomalies which now exist." This, we presume, means that the injustice suffered by several electorates—the Hume amongst the rest—through* inadequate representation, will be remedied by the granting of additional representatives where required. Though at one time averse to proposals for dealing with this subject by piecemeal legislation, we are bound to admit that any measure would now be acceptable which promised to remove the grave discrepancies which have sprung into being from the opening up of new centres of population, the migration from old centres, and other causes, since the passing of the preseut law. With regard to the amendment of the Municipalities Act Mr. Farnull states that the Government purpose extending the period of eudowment in the case of existing municipalities, and introducing a system less complex than the present law in order to stimulate self-government in the rural districts. It is not so stated in the Premier's address but we believe we are correct in asserting that the bill to be brought forward is nearly if not quite identical with that introduced last year, in which provision is made for an endowment of £ for £ upon the local rates for ten years, with an annual reduction in the subsidy for a further period of nine years, when endowment—foiling fresh legislation 011 the subject—will cease altogether. The railway policy of the Government is announced as a " national" one, providing for connection with the neighboring colonies by the completion of the trunk lines. This is a bold and statesmanlike announcement which stands out in striking colors when contrasted with tho wretched peddling policy advocated not so very long ago in the Assembly, and that by men of standing in the House, with reference to the extension of the Great Southern line. Mr. Fauxell's views on the subject of water supply will find favor with our local governing body, and if carried into effect will dispose of the principal difficulty in the way of the Albury scheme. Ho says that he purposes " giving attention to water supply to all tho towns iu the colony." Amongst the other matters touched upon his address are the subjects of a customs union between the several colonies, and the defences of New South Wales. Taken as a whole Mr. Farneu/s speech is as definite as could bo expected at the present juncture and it shadows forth a policy of an eminently progressive and satisfactory character, A document of a singular chamcter has boon issued by the Council of Education in the shape of a circular deploring the feet that a large number of children are growing up without receiving instruction, and proposing a remedy for the evil referred to. Tho suggestion is that tho teachers should by their personal efforts and influence endeavor to secure the attendance of children not now iii receipt of instruction, by admitting them at reduced rates, or if necessary without any charge at all. In making this proposition tho Council appears to ignore tho fact that in almost every school in the colony there are already a largo number of children whose parents, either from inability or disinclination, never pay a single sixpence iu the shape of school fees. 60 far as the public schools are concerned it is only necessary for a parent to represent his inability to pay to the local board, in order to secure tho freo education of his children; in the denominational schools even loss ceremony is required ; and in many cases there is reason to believe that the parents are well able to pay for the instruction thus obtained gratuitously. It is therefore to 6ay the least very questionable whether any extra inducements aro nccessary, or whether indeed anything short of compulsion' would bo effectual, for tho purposo of bringing about a material improvement iu the direction desired. J Jut however this may be, even admitting tho desirability of an effort being made to " run in " tho '.vails and strays now outside the pale of the, schools, and tho probability of s.ucli au attempt being successful, it appears to us still that in common fairness some steps should first be taken to remunerate the teacher for his labors with respect to these free scholars. Under tho preseut system what with the difficulty of recovering school fees by legal process from those persons who won't pay and the impossibility of getting anything from those who c.v/tV pay, the teacher is already compelled to do a large amount of work for nothing; and it is certainly unreasonable to ask a body of men not by any means overpaid as it is to put forth a special effort with tho avowed object of increasing the sum of their gratuitous labors. It is true that a vague promise of some futuro* rcward is ! held out in the shape of a statement that success iu the course suggested will be regarded by the Council as " worthy ot commendation," but, as a contemporary very aptly puts it, " mere cominendation is of too - airy a nature to support mens'' wives aud \- families." Let the teachers be paid for the scholars they now teach without fees before they are asked to put forth extra exertion to increase the number of free scholars on the roll. In t a recent letter from our Corowa correspondent mention was made of a movement commenced in the township named for tho purpose of inducing local traders to close their places of bttsiness for half-a-day iu tho week in order to afford the employes an opportunity of out- door recreation which they are now denied. We trust the., movement may be successful, aud are only repeating what has often been urged in these columns when we add that it would be well if a similar agitation were started and earned through in Albury. The arguments in support of this proposal are so obvious, so unanswerable, aud have moreover so frequently been made use of that it ought to be quite unnecessary again to bring them forward. Lest, however, there should be any who have never been at the pains to give the subject a moment's consideration, we may point out as one sufficient reason why the boon of a weekly half-holiday should bo conceded that no one would be injured by tho concession. The workers in shops are not producers, and consequently whether they work five-anda-half days iu the week or seven days, eight hours in tho day or twenty-four hours, the community will not be one penny tho richer or poorer. Nor again will tho employers suffer. In the course of every week a certain quantity of goods has to be purchased, a certain amount of money to be expended ; and that quantity will be bought, that amount will bo laid out, even though the shops were opon but three days in the week. In calling attention to these obvious facts we make no pretence at throwing any new light on the subject. All this has, been said over and over again, and more than that the truth of tho statement is so thoroughly well understood by every trader in tho district that it might well bo asked wl'iy witli such irresistible arguments in its favor this particular reform has not been carried out long ago. Tho answer to this query probably may be found in tho fact that no energetic X action has ever been taken to induce our shopkeepers to move in tho matter. If it were once placed before them in a definite form we believe there would he little difficulty in coming to an arrangement whereby the young of tho week in those outdoor rccrcationa which by assisting to build up "a sound mind in a sound body" would render those who tako part in thorn better able to discharge tho duties of their ordinary work-a-day life. ALIIUKY CU6TO.U HOUSE.—Tlio collections at the local Custom house for tho month of December amounted to £275i 13s. -id. THE MuiuiuMBHKiiiis ELECTION.—There was no opposition to the return ol Mr. Lsary lor the Murrumhidgee electorate. THE WEATHER.—During the past week the weather has lmen unifoimly hot, the thermometer registering over 100" in the shade almost every day. Owing, however, to the recent timely and copious rainfall, the pasturage has not beeu no much affected us might have been anticipated, lu most quarters there is n >w a good supply of leerl ami wherever tanks have been excavated there is also a fjood of water available. Stock ol' all kinds are. healthy, and improving in condition. The harvest is progressing rapidly and the bulk of the wheat is now in. STOCK CnossiNUM.—On Monday last 500 head of fat sheep crossed into the colony from Victoria; these had been taken from the Y.tnko aud were returning unsold. On Thursday 300 crossed from the Beech wort li market, where .they had been purchased by Albury butcher*. NEW YEAR'S DAV.—This day was. as usual observed as a close holiday, aud equally as matter of course the IOWII presented a most deserted and foiloru appearance. Oa Monday night there was a little more life perceptible in the shape of a number of revellers bent upon seeing the old year out and the new year in Midnight service was held at St, Matthew's. At a later hour 6ome bauds of amateur minstrels perambulated the town and favored the good folks of Albury with a varied selection of vocal music. WOOL CROSSINGS.—'The following lots have crossed since the date of our last issue :—Wallaroobec, 40 bales; Mimosa, 1 bale; BL, 34 bales ; W. Field. 13 bales ; WR, 29 bales ; King, 10 bales ; Broookoug, 36 bales ; J. Cos, 21 bales ; RT, 20 bales ; J. Keogh, 40 bales ; H over GM, 8 bales. THE "JOLLY DOGS" AT WORK.—During the night of Monday, the 31st December, or early in the morning of New Year's Day, a variety of pranks were played with gates of gardens at the west end of Dean-street and the north end of Townsend-streeL Amongst the rest, Mr. Livie's garden gate was taken off the hinges and thrown into the creek at the back of the Imperial Hotel, whence ft had to be fished out by means of a rake. The half of Mr. Cattlin's gate was removed, and dropped into the Bungambrawartha Creek. A gate was also taken from the garden of a cottage near Burrows's mill, occupied by Mr. McDonald : another gate from some other locality had been placed against the mill fence. A little further up the street, at the shop of Mr. W. J. Jones, another gate had been left, with "For Sale" chalked in legible characters upon the rail. At the Fanny Ceres mill an attempt had been made to remove one of the gates, but the withdrawal of a bolt had apparently been found too heavy "a tusk, and the job had been abandoned. Another gate had, however, been brought down and left against the fence. One of the gates had also been removed from Mr. M. Solomon's premises. From the heavy weight of some of the gates and from the difficulty which necessarily had to be encountered in the removal of other;--, it is evideut that the task altogether must have occupied a considerable time, and people not unnaturally enquire what the guardians of the night were doing" to allow such wholesale lavrikinism to proceed unchecked under their very noses. THE SANDY CREEK REEFS.—Ourcorrespondent writes :—" The prospectors, Messrs. Redelin, De Faye and party, are busily engaged in arranging the necessary preliminaries for extensive crushing operations after the holidays have passed away. The reef, or rather the dyke from whence they obtain their pay-dirt, looks exceedingly healthy, and great hopes are entertained by men experienced in this class of gold workings, that this old creek will again at no very remote period he the seat of a large mining population. The extent of "likely" country around Sandy Creek is immense'; and the probabilities of its succeeding as a new reefing field are not at all unfavorable. But the Sandy Creekera themselves, I regret to say, have done little in assisting to prospect the reel's which surround llivir habitations. Possibly they have Imd no extensive practice in this particular branch of mining industry ; but, nevertheless, 1 imagine they must fuel uncomfortable at the idea of strangers entering their cainp, trenching their hills, erecting powerful crushing appliances, and taking the gold, we may say almost from beneath their feet. The present discoveries were made by the brothers Schuackenberg, entirely on their own resources, nnd the old hands of Sandy Creek have but.themselves to blame for their apathy if they are not participators in tho treasures that may hereafter be raised from this promisiug El ,Dorado. Regarding tho new short route to those diggings, about which some correspondence has recently appeared in your columns, I have much pleasure in stating that the Yackaudandah Shire Council lias at length made arrangements with Symington for the opening of this much-needed thoroughfare. Councillor C. F. Smith was delegated by the Council to interview Symington ou the subject, and arrangements have been con- . eluded for the removal of a barrier to a public highway that never should have been permitted to prevail. I would suggest to Councillor Smith the desirability of asldug his colleague at Yacfc the prosperity of the latter, and strangers in the district would", in travelling this new route, be much convenienced if the Yackandandah Council would condescend to carry out this suggestion. I am also in a position to state that the Yackandandah Sliirn Council is not in the least degree censurable for not having long since opened up this route to Sandy Creek ; that body did all in its power twelve months ago in the matter—the real obstructions I deem it needless to name. (Since writing the above I learn that a trial crushing from J. Johnson's reef, not far distant from l)e Faye ami (Jo.'s ground, has resulted very satisfactorily, as much as two ounces to the ton having been obtained. The crushing of this sample took place at tho Sove- reign buttery, recentlv erected bv De Fave and party)." FHIGHTFL-L A<CIDENT.—A terrible accident, by which a boy named Edmund Sullivan lost his life, happened at Gumbargaina on Monday last. It appears that the boy, in company with an elder person, was driving a .stripper drawn bv four horse*, and that the year by which the team was coupled to the snipper broke. As soon as the chaiu divided the swingle bur 1V-U against the heels of the shall horses, causing them to kick violently and then boll. The unfortunate buy, who was riding one of the leading horses, tried to pull the team up, but was unable to do so, and in the plunging which ensued was thrown amongst the horses, which passed over him, trampling his body as it lay. The elder person M ho was left on the stripper ran up to where the bov was lying, and after making an examination found that he was quite dead. The accdent was immediately reported to the police at Howlong. aud on the following day Mr. \\\ r . B. Wragge, J.P., In Id an inquest when the foregoing facts were elicited. A veidict of accidental death was returned and the boy was buried the next day. CHURCH OF ENGLAND, JINDERA.—Weduesday last was a gala day at Jindera, the occasion being a tea meetiug and conceit, in aid of the building fund of the new church. The tea meeting was very successful, a large humher of visitors putting in an appearance from all parts of the surrounddistrict, to say nothing of some buggy loads of friends from Albury. Tea was laid iuinarquees, tastefully decorated with flowers and evergreens, and the usual prolusion of good things was provided. These received every attention at the hands of the company, and it was not until nearly dark that the wauts of all had been supplied. At length, however, an adjournment was made to the church building, wn.rethe concert was to be giveu ; and the Rev. A. D. Acocks, having taken the chair, addressed a few remarks to the audience. It was, he said, customary on such occasions to deliver somewhat lengthy addresses ; the audience would not, however, be troubled with anything of that sort in the present instance. He need hardly tell them that the}' had assembled there for one particular object— that of helping to provide the means for the erection of a suitable place of public worship in Jindera—and he thought they had only to look round them to become thoroughly satisfied as to the necessity for steps being taken in this direction. Most of them were no doubt aware that the erection of a new church at Jindera had been in contemplation for a long time, but the building of the Albury churcli and other structures in lifferent parts of the district had caused the requirements of Jindera to be temporarily overlooked. Now, however, the time had arrived when they would be attended to, and he hop in the course of another six months to be able to welcome the congregation to a more suitable building. But they should still remember that the old churcli had cost agood deal of money, which had been contributed in a very liberal manner by a not over-wealthv population. Gatherings like the present were held ostensibly for the purpose of raising funds, but the expenses always amounted to something considerable, and he doubled very much whether even iu the present instance the cost of providing all the good things they had enjoyed did not exceed or at anyrate equal the jecuniary proceeds of the meeting. The benefit, lowever, arising from these gatherings was not limited to financial matters. An entertainment of the kind did good in other ways by bringing together the members of the Church, and by affording the minister an opportunity of meeting those of the congregation he did not often see. After a few further remarks the Chairman resumed his seat, and the concert commenced by an ovciture on the piano from Miss Wigmore. This was followed by the Misses Sheppanl with the duet " Brightly Smile." Miss E. Crisp then sang " Susan's Story," after which Mr. llidgway's splendid voice was heard to great advantage in the " Village Blacksmith." Miss Crisp next sang the favorite old ballad " Ever ot; Thee," aim was followed by Miss Siieppard with "Killarney." The rest of the .programme included the following :— Duet, Larboard Watch," the Misses Crisp; " Kate O'Shane, 1 ' Miss H. Siieppard ; " Gallants of Englaud," Mr. Ridgway ; " I cannot sing the old songs," Miss F. Crisp ; piano solo, " Maude," Miss Wigmore, &c.;, &c.; The whole of the numbers were very effectively rendered and warmly applauded; Mr. Ediuondson played the accompaniments with his usual skill ; and the audience seemed highly pleased with the evening's entertainment. At the close of the programme, votes of thanks were carried to the ladies who had provided the tableSi as also to the ladies and gentlemen from Albury who had contributed the musical portion of the entertainment. The national anthem was tlien sung, and the first church of England tea mecling held at Jindera came to a very successful termination. WODONGA SHIRK COUNCIL.—The ordinary meeting of this body was held on Thursday, the members present being the President and Councillors Ferrier, Street, Galletly, and O'Oalloghan, Alter the confirmation of minutes the following correspondence was dealt with :—From Evans Bros. ; no action required. From the District burveyov stating that he saw no reason for the reservation of a road between the Wodonga police court aud the lagoon as recommended bv the Shire Engineer.—No action. From ihe Deaf and Dumb Asylum, enclosing annual report and soliciting a donation.—Hold over. From Mr. Galletly asking for a copy of the Local Government Act.—The Secretary was instructed to communicate with ex-members of the Council reques> lng them to return their conies of the Shire . Gotch rc advertising.—No action. From Mr. John Joinings asking ihe Council to refund the amount paid t'-.iv tlie iic.en.se of the Victoria Hotel.—The Secretary was instructed to stale that the license having been issued to Mr. Forster, the Council couhl not recognise Mr. Jennings in the matter. The iollowing accounts were passed for payment: Mr. A. Emerson, Ss.; pctlv cash, £3; Nilaries, £19 1 "2s. ; Mr. John l'arkhill, £1 5s. ; C. Croat, £75 ; E. Goodyear, £25; — Kenny, £1 18s. Tenders were then opened for the work of collecting the agricultural statistics of the shire for 1*78. Mr. Banton's tender to perform the wuik for ,£."> wan accepted. On the motion of Comi;il!or Ferrier, seconded by Councillor Galletly, it was resolved that the secretary write to the" Minister for Works re grant for works in the main street, Wodonga ; and that Mr. Bills. M.L.A., I .: requested to use his influence in the matter. On ihe motion of Councillor O'Calheg hail, seconded by t!:e President, it was deci.led to invite tenders for a log crossing at Kelly's farm Councillor Ferrier moved that tenders be invited for certain works on the Chiltern road recoiii mended in the Engineer's report. Councillor O'Callaghan seconded the motion, which was carried. It was decided to employ d.iv labor to cut the thistles in the street. Councillor Feirier moved that a committee be appointed to revise the by-laws with a view to imposing some charge upon the carters from Albury who came over to Wodonga aud removed wood. Councillor O'Callaghan was doubtful whether the Council had power to take steps in the direction indicated, and after some discussion the motion was withdrawn. On the motion of Councillor Street, it was decided to prepare plans, &c.;, lor certain works near Morrison's on the Yackandandah road. Leave of absence was granted to the secretary for one week. This concluded the business, and the Council adjourned. URANA.—Our Urana correspondent writes as follows :—" Holiday-making has of course been the older of the day with young and old, great aud small, during the past week all over the colony, and I am bound to add that the Uranaites have not been behind their neighbors in keeping up the time-honored festival. The whole town in fact turned out to a man, and from an early hour in the morning horses and vehicles were to be seen at every door; some bound for the lakes, bent on great feats in the way of boating ; and others about to make for the wide-spreading plains, to indulge in the pleasures of the chase. One of the boating parties by the way met with a slight mishap. The crew were all jolly young bachelors, who for a time seemed to enjoy the cool breeze and the rolling waves amazingly, until with too much temerity they ventured amongst the breakers and came to grief. Happily no great damage was done ; some held fast to the boat, others clung to the oars, and in this way all managed to push their way to land, where they were congratulated upon their escape from the dangers of the deep. Boxing Day, owing principally to the exertions of host Nolan, was passed very pleasantly, sports of all kinds culling icfltli the competitive exertions of our local athletes, as well as the speed and bottom of their steeds. Amongst the winners were Mr. Thomas Brown's bay mare, the Brookong bay colt, and the well known trotting pony Needlepoint, which once hailed from Albury or Mountain Creek. Tlun followed some foot racing, in which a young Albury fellow with curly pow and a little reddish down on a sunburnt face, carried off the laurels amidst the general applause of the onlookers. For the credit of Urana and niiiie host of the Royal, be it said, not a drop of diinlc was seen ou the ground, consequently all went well. Oa the followin our much esteemed District Surveyor, Mr. Orr, provided a picnic for the young folks, includin all the school children. Mr. Orr kindly furnished means of transport as well as a plentiful supply good things, and he amused the children iu a style that altogether eclipsed the most sanguine expectations. Oil the whole, therefore, you will see that we have not forgotten to keep up Christmas at Urana. The only thing indeed that occurred to mar the pleasantness of the holiday season, was a blot ou the week's en joyment caused by some sneaking cowardly mis creant who set fire to a slack of posts in Mr. Tiio.s. Newton's paddock. The damage, though si-rious enough, was happily confined to the immediate vicinity of the stuck, thus saving the suinm paddocks where the feed is still up to the horse bellies. In regard to business mailers there not much to say at the holiday lime; I may state, however, that Urana, once the nest of storekeeping happiness, is now undergoing the usual change certain to visit all up-country towns. At present competition is rife between rival traders. New faces of course are not so popular as old ones, and the new ones therefore to get a share of the trade will have to ' cut it fine.' They may perhaps be doing this already for aught I know or care, seeing that my wants are few." ALBURT POLICE COURT.—At the Albury Police Court yesterday, a man named Lyford was charged with stealing a horse, the property of Henry Fairbrother. Mr. Thorold appeared for the prisoner. After some evidence had been taken, the prisoner was remanded until this day. W. Lay ton was charged with stealing a pipe, the property of Jas. Walker. This case also was adjourned. Mary Ryan v. Lizzie Ah Fee, an assault case between two Chinese ladies, was adjquriied. John Monks, for a breach of the Dog Act, was fined 20s. aud coBte. AN INCIDENT IN THE BUSH.—A lady correspondent writing from Jerilderie sends us the following :—" 1 paid a visit a few days since to a station on the Muminibidgee where iu tho daughters of the house I found two old schoolfellows. The. old people going off ou a trip to Melbourne, wc with the' governess were left mistresses of the situation and many delightful rambles we had amongst the gullies and fcigoons in the wild Murrnnibidgee bell Is—cool placid lakes which iu their awful quietness seemed very miniatures of the Dea l Sea. We were dull enough at limes, and sooth to say the sudden appearance of some young cavalier would have alfi'i'de l a not unwelcome break iu the monotony, but IIOIIJ appeared, and \\\v weiv. lain to console ourselves us best we might. At length, however, one fine morning we were surprised by the unexpected arrival o! a strange gentleman on foo\ lie was a little past the piime of life and inclined to be po.lgy, but with a round and goodnatured face and a generally 'jolly ' appealancc. Having ascertained that 'lli'e visitor was a man of mark from Melbourne, we received him with du'' cmrtesy, an |.ie proceeded to account for his having arrived on foot by st.iting thai lie was bound to a station ten miles distant ; that lie had left, the coach at the village as the nearest point to his destination, aud, being unable to get a horse, had been obliged to walk. We were all a little surprised at this statement, as the innkeeper at the village referied to usually keeps several spire horses runniu his paddock, but the juatter mat passed off without furth furtue er comment. The evening passed away pleasantly enough, our visitor taking much pains to impress us with his knowledge of racing and 'horsey' matters generally, and being specially eloquent in describing the wonderful feats he bad performed when ' following the hounds' in Eng- land. On the following morning a horse was brought round for the accommodation of our friend, who now displayed a singular reluctance to mount, and explained that he would much rather walk thau so impose upon the good-nature of his hostesses. This, however, of course, we would not hear of, and we proceeded to the door to see our Melbourne iriend fairly started on his journey and bid him farewell. I noticed that as he approached the horse he suddenly shrank back to whisper in my ear, ' Is he quiet ?' ' As a lamb,' I repliel, whereupon the follower of hounds walked round the animal as if taking his measure. We here noticed that the gentleman had suddenly become as pale as a ghost ; and we all simultaneously exclaimed 'Are you ill?' 'Oh, no!' he replied with a sickly smile, and then with a desperate effort he strode up to the off 6ide of the horse, put bis lett foot in the stirrup, and began to scramble up. With a good deal of struggling he managed to fling himself right across the animals back where he lay panting for a few seconds, then suddenly throwing his right leg over the horse's head lie managed to seat himself I wit upright in the saddle ; but alas ! his face was towards the tail. In spite of the distress of the unfortunate M.L.A. we couldn't refrain iroiu laughing, and surely never before did such a merry peal awaken thesiuggard echoes on the banks of the Murrumbidge*. ' For God's sake,' gasped the unhappy horseman,' Let me down. There is no use telling any more d d lies about it. I was never on a horse before iu all my life !' This information, I need hirdlv say, was now quite unnecessary to any of us. After having sufficiently enjoyed our friend's extraordinary performance wc for very pity assisted him to dismount." A USURY WOODCARTEHS AND THE WODONGA SHIUE COUNCIL.—At the sitting of tlu- Wodonga Shire Council one of the members called attention to the fact that woodcarters ironi the New South Wales side of the river were in the habit of coming over to Wodonga anil loading up woo.I for -sale in Alburv. It was pointed out that the Albury Council exacted a licence fee from these persons, and it was suggested that the Wodonga Council should adopt a similar course. In opposition to this proposal it was staled that there was some doubt as to the powers of the Council in this matter, and after some discussion the motion was withdrawn. INSOLVENCY MEETINGS.—A third meeting iu the estate ofE. C. Ellis, of Alkiry, blacksmith and wheelwright, will be held at the Court-house on Tuesday, 2!)th January. On the same day a third meeting will be held iu the estate of George G.tlvin, juii., of Woomargauui, late of Little Billabong, farmer. DEEDS OF GRANT.—Deeds of grant iu favor of the undeimentioned persons are now ready for delivery upon payment of the assurance fee where that has not already been paid :—John Burns, George B-ebv. Thomas Coff-v. J. T. Dub'., Owen Daly, sen.. George 1) r.\ P. E. Detlefson, J. H. Douglas, Wilbrah nil El wards, Basil Gray, 11. Hansen, A. H. Hill, il.unei Johnst-m, E. Lavis, James M.'Laurin, James Mitchell, James Nagle, Thomas O'Connor. WODONGA POI.IC;: COURT.—At this Court, on Saturday last, the following cases were dealt with:—Inspector of Licensed Houses v. 11. Campbell.—This was a charge ol il legal lv Felling spirituous liquors. Mr. Brown for the prosecution, Mr. Thorold for the defence. J. Turner, Inspector of Licensed Houses, deposed to having visited the house known as the Victoria Hotel" and to having paid 6d. for a glass of whiskey ; witness saw defendant behind the bar, and \vas served by him.; witness told him who he was; defendant showed witness an authority to sell from Mr. J. C. Forster. Rowau Lochhead, secretary of the Wodonga Shire Council, deposed that the license produced had been issued under the hand of jthe Shire Treasurer. After some further evidence had been taken, the defendant was fined £25, and certain liquors found on the premises confiscated. Fraenkel v. Werther.—This was a summons to eject defendant from certain premises in Wodonga. occupied under an agreement produced. Case dflmissed. Stage coach licenses were grauted tqH. A. Cruwford and Co. ; and Geo, Fiimer. WODONGA LICENSING COURT,—At this court on Saturday last renewals of licenses were granted to Messrs. Reidy, Morton, Ryan, Stevens, Pyke Baubrick, Lewis, Woodlands, SI'Farlane, Hill Halliday, Frozer, O'Callaghan, Ballard, Newnan Franklin, aud S. Wise. The application of J Jennings for a transfer of license from J. C. Fowler, ns also an application for a new license by the same applicant, were refused. The application of Mary Payne for a license for a house at Bcthanga was refused. SLA.GL6TER.TALI INQUIRY.—A magisterial inquiry was held at the hospital on Saturday hv Captain Brownrigg touching the death of Willi.nn Chandler. The following evidence was taken :— Walter Smith, superintendent of the Albury Hospital deposed: the deceased was received into the hospital on the 22nd instant as having met with an accident; he was brought from Bethauga; he was suffering from a scalp wouud and was unable to walk ; blood was issuing from the left ear; he was only partly sensible ; within half-an hour of his admittance he was 6oen by Dr. Ryan he was seen on the same evening by Dr. Duncan he died yesterday at 1 p.m.; I was present at his death. Dr. Duncan deposed : I nin one of the medical officers to the hospital; I was called to see deceased on the 22nd ; he was partially sensible suffering from a contused wound in the head, which on examination showed a lracturc of the skull ; there was also bloody serum flowing from the left ear; he sank gradually until he died on the 28th ; I have no doubt that death was the result of the fracture of the skull; I had no hope of saving his life from the fii-st; 1 should say the deceased was about 40 years of age. John II. Bray deposed : I am mining manager of the copperclaiin at Bethanga where the deceased was working rktr ; on Friday morning he was working in the shaft; when I arrived I saw him at the bottom of the shaft; I went down and asked him how he was ; he replied " very cold get me up we got him up and took him to his hut; the two men who were in the shaft are away in Melbourne; 1 only know from hearsay how the accident oc curred ; I believe it was as follows: deceased was below taking his turn; his two mates were winding up the bucket full of stone; thev thought they heard something fall, and not getting any word from deceased they went down and found the deceased in a sitting posture with a wound in his head ; it is thought the deceased had over' loaded the bucket and that a stone fell out; he had been previously warned against this; I commended his being sent to the nearest hospital. This concluded the evidence, and the magistrate found that the death was the result of an accident. MOIIOXGA RACES.—A very pleasant day's sport in the shape of a race meeting, got up under the auspices of Mr. John Griffiths, came off at SIohonga on Boxing Day. The proceedings were conducted in the most orderly manner, and passed off without the least accident. There was a large attendance of visitors lrom Urana, Coreen, Goouibargana, Walbundrie, and Urangelinc ; the weather was delightful ; and all the races were well contested by good bush horses. The riding was very good, especially that of Messrs. W. Day and R. Driscoll. Mi'. Serong acted as judge, Mr. Seymour as starter, aud Messrs. Clayton, Costellc and Driscoll as stewards. The following are the results of the several events: — Maideu Plate, of 4 sovs. ; li miles.—Mr Scheater's Bismarck 1 ; Mr. SPKeown's Peeping Tom 2 ; Mr. Robertson's Florence 3. Handicap, of 8 sovs.; distance, li miles.—Mr. Sl'Leod'sGaribakli 1; Mr. M'Keown's Beeswing 2 ; Mr Clayton's Fair Nell 3. Hack Race, of 3 sovs.; distance, I mile.—Mr. M'Keown's Peeping Tom 1 ; Mr. W. Day's Moss Rose 2 ; Sir. A. M'Keown's Beeswiug*3. Mr. Clayton's Yellow Tom also ran. Hurry Scurry Race, of 3 sovs.; distance, f mile.—Mr. Seymour's Reindeer 1 ; Mr. Clayton's Fair Nell 2 ; Mr. M'Keown's Beeswing 3. Stockman's Purse, of 2 sovs.; distance, 1| miles.—Mr. Smith's Prince 1 ; Mr. Collins's Toad 2; Mr. Driscoll's Bridge Inn 3. This concluded the horse racing, with the exception of two match races, which were won by Mr. Day with his grey mare Moss Rose and his brown mare Spider. CHIUSTMAS AT JERILDERIE.—Writing with reference lo Christmas at Jcrilderie a correspondent says :—" There was no sport in the town during Christmas week, nor anything indeed to mark the fact that the time-honored festival had once more come round. With the exception ol> the Woolshed Hotel which was decorated with evergreens, not a house could boast a green bough —surely an uuusual state of thiugs for the season. The Coree races, however, wj)ich took placfe on Boxing Day were very successful and there was some excel lent racing. Our Jffurruinbidgce friends will feel sorry to learn tMt Sir. Cox's Silvertail who has gained so niuchifenown in these districts suffered a series of defegjfi ; defeats which are the more surprising considering the horses bv which he was beaten. TheTollowing are the results of the several events j—Maiden Plate, ot 8 sovs.— Nickadambun 1, Twilight 2, Billabong 3. Handicap Hurdle Race—Orlando 1, Black Prince 2, Silvertail 3. Coree Handicap, of 10 sovs.; two miles-Belmore I, Twilight 2, Nickadambun 3. Selectors Purse, of 3 sovs.—Belmore 1, Twilight 2, Silvertail 3. Hurry Scurry—Twilight 1, Billabong 2, Horace 3. SUICIDE AT WANGARATTA.—A coroner's inquest was held at Wangaratta on Monday last, upon the body of James Hoysted, when evidence, of which the following is a summary, was taken by the coroner :—Angus Scobie, a laborer living at Peechelba, deposed to having gone down to the river to (ish on Sunday ; witness saw a bat on a loff in the river and recognised the bat as belonging to Jatnes Hoysted; witness went to make enquiries about deceased and found tjiat lie had started on the previous day with a load of slabs for Sandy Creek ; followed his tracks for two miles and found the dray ; there was a lot of blood sprinkled about the dray and on the spokes wlij^p ; witness \vent and gave inlormaiidVlo llio jjolice, aftH was present when the body was token but of the river. Dr. Hutchinson deposed "that be had made a postmortem examination of the body aiftl found a wound four inches long on the throat and caused by a sharp instrument; th<>. cause of death in witness's opinion was partly from drowning and partly from loss of blood; deceased some years ago received injuries to the head caused by a fall from a horse, aud since that time had never been quite sane ; the wound was such as would be inflicted by a man intending to commit suicide who did not know the anatomy of the part; a man might have walked two or throe miles after the wound was indicted. Constable Brown deposed that in pursuance of instructions he proceeded to Peechelba to make enquiries about James Hoysted, who was reported missing ; witness went to a point in the Ovens River where deceased's hat was lying; after a short search witness found the body, and, procuring assistance, got it removed from the river ; witness examined the body, and fonnd the throat cut; there were no other marks of violence. After some further evidence had been taken, the jury brought in the following verdict:—"That James Hoysted was found dead in the Ovens River, near Peechelba, with his throat cut, on the 31 st day of December, 1877\. We believe the wound was sell-inilieled, and that the deceased was of unsound mind at the time, and had Iwen so for a considerable time." SIAINTENANCE CASE.—The case of Mary Walsh v. Nicholas Holden was heard before the AHuirv Police Court yesterday. Sir. Tliorold appeared for the defendant. The defendant in this case was charged with deserting his illegitimate children. The plaintiff deposed that she becamc acquainted with delendant in Queensland some years ago, that he was the father of her two children, and that an order had been made against him in Queensland lor the payment, of 15s. per week. This money was paid until the delendant left Queensland. Witness followed the defendant to Wagga Wagga, and on finding him received some money from him. Defendant- left Wng,'a Wagga for Albur.v, and witness proceeded against him in the Albury Police Court and obtained an order against him for the payment of 15s. per week for six months. After some further evidence had been taken, the Bench made an order for the payment of 15s. per week for three months. SIR. J. KIRKPATRICK.—From an advertisement elsewhere we notice that Sir. J. Kirkpatrick has commenced the practice of his profession as an architect in Sydney. He is a son of Sir. J. H. Kirkpatrick, of Bowna, was educated in Alburv, and has already distinguished himself in his profession by carrying off whilst yet under articles a handsome prize offered for the best design for some public buildings in a neighboring colony. Sir. Kirkpatrick's designs were also selected from a host of ethers competing, for St. James's Church, Forest Lodge, Sydney, and the Church of England, Grenfell, both ol' which works are now in progress, the forma under Sir. Kirkpatrick's personal supervision. \- NARANDERA RACES.—The race-meeting at Narandera passed off very successfully on Boxing Day. The attendance of visitors was good, the weather not too sultry, and altogether a very en- J \vable day was spent. The several events resulted as follows":—Maiden Plate.—For this race eight horses faced the starter's fla?. Sir. W. Honey's Florence proved the victor. Narandera Handicap. Only five came to the post for this event, which was won by Mr. Croft's Zuleika. The Hurdle Race was won bv a well-known local juniper, Mr. Donohuc's Emerald. The Hack Race fell to Sir. Watson's Calabash, aud the Consolation Stakes to Sir. Thurtle's Nobody. ALBURY TURF CLUB RACES.—We publish in aftother column the weights declared for the Albury Cup and Turf Club Handicap. Acceptances must be with the Secretary before 7 p.m. on the night of general entry, 14th January. THE SUSPENSION OF AUCTION SALES.—Sir. Farnell has been severely taken to task by the metropolitan press for his action in suspending the auction sales of country lands. It is ur^ed that not only has he taken upon himself to reverse the policy of the colony at the instance of a few members of Parliament, but also that the course adopted amounts to a serious breach of faith with the public. In answer to the latter charge, the Maitlaml Mercury has the. following pertinent remarks :—" But is it true that the announcement of a sale by auction establishes any covenant with the public? No nuction announcement does that—no person is bound, becauses he advertises an auction sale, to submit the commodity to competition ; he makes no bargain either legally or morally, with possible purchasers ; .and he injures no one, except perlaps himself, if he really wishes to sell, ana by vacillation disturbs public, confidence in his intention to sell. Doubtless, the relations between the State and land buyers are broader than those existing between ordinary auctioneers and the public to whom they appeal. But auction sales of Crown lands are advertised under conditions which expressly forbid any intending purchaser to hope me that the lots will __ be undoubtedly submitted for competition. The exemptions inn from free selection do*not embrace lands advertised for sale by auction, and consequently every acre so advertised may be selected almost up to the day of sale. lu other words, so far from the Minister having made an implied covenant with the public to sell, when he orders an auction sale of Crown land, he advertises a sale subject to conditions which may make it impossible to offer at auction a single acre of the land described. And these to whom the advertisement conies, know well that these are the conditions. Under all the circumstances, we think Sir. Farnell has done wisely, on broad public grounds, in suspending sales by auction till Parliament can decide how the system shall be modified or restricted, or whether it shall continue unchanged." CROSSBRED SHEEP.—We are requested to re mind persons in want of good crossbred sheep that Mr. S. C. V. North will hold the sale of Mr. T. J. Plimkett's at Wyndhain, near Bowna, on Wednesday next. For particulars see advertise uient on first page. MN. FITZPATRIOK ON THE LAND QUESTION. Sir. Fiizpatrick the new Colonial Secretary delivered himself as follows on the occasion of his re-election for Yass Plains:—The land question was underlying the whole interest of the country. The Herahl called upon hiiu to speak plainly upon the laud question. He thought he had done so, but there should be no mistake now. He had already pointed out all the matters upon which lie differed from the Free Selectors' Conference, and they would not convert him. To talk of the abolition of auction sales, he was well aware that the lands of the colony were being, sacrificed under their present system, and he would endeavor to prevent that result in the I'uturc. The Herald had used the word repudiation in connection with his name, but nothinginhis politicallifc ought to justify the ttppl ication of such a word to him. Repudiation meant au absolute relusal to pay just debts, but he was not in the position of a debtor, and was not a free selector. He did not represent the free selectors more than others. He rather represented the public creditor, and held tlmt the bargain made with the free selector was bad and immoral. He was prepared to forego a portion of that bargain, but that would not be repudiation. Under the laud law of 18C1 free selectors paid a deposit of live shillings for three years, and then an interest of five per cent, for ever, unless the balance was paid. A few years proved this system a mistake, and so Sir John Robertsou made a regulation under which the free selectors could pay by dribs and drabs. No person ever called that repudiation. In the Land Bill of 1875 he proposed that the selectors for the future should pay the principal and interest on their land together in eight annual instalments,.making, with three years of grace, eleven years altogether. Sir. Dangar gave notice, of a similar clause, but proposed to extend the payments over twenty-eight years. Directly this was carried, he proposed to extend the same principle to all selectors since 1861. He now proposed that all selectors should l>e allowed to pay by instalments in the same manner as those in Queensland, and was satisfied that that proposal would be accepted by all sides. He would apply the same priuciple to all selectors siuce 1SG1. Those who selected in 1861 should not pay interest, because in 1875 and the fust quarter of the next year, they would have paid 10s. 6d. which with the 5s. deposit, would make 15s. 6d., with the whole of the balance still hauging over them. He was not to be called a repudiator simply because he desired to remove such a terrible state of things. It was not his idea to remit, and auy payments already made would only place the old selectors on the same footing as future selectors. This would create no necessity for additional taxation, as the same amount would be coming in for the next fifteen years. At the end of that time it would be necessary to reconsider taxation. GERMANTON SELECTORS' ASSOCIATION.—We understand that the Germauton Selector's Associatian have taken steps to secure a large number of signatures to the petition for the abolition of auction sales. During the present week it is expected that the whole of Dixon's Swamp, Slorven, Mountain Creek, Cookardinia, Back Creek, Billabong, and Four-mile Creek will be thoronghly canvassed, and next week the memorial will be ready for presentation. At the last meeting of the Association the code of rules for the guidance of the proposed New South Wales Selectors' Association, submitted for approval, was read over. Owing to the sniallues.s of the gathering no action was taken upon the matter, but in the course of a di-cussion which arose, it was suggested lliat Rule 15, which requires 25 members to form a quorum, would prove unworkable in small branches. It is hoped that there will be a good attendance at the next meeting, when the whole of the rules will be thoroughly considered. TEN-MILE CREEK.—The following cases were dealt with at the recent sitting of the Germauton Police Court:—Johnson v. Slurphy.—Defendant was charged with having absented himself from his hired service. The case was dismissed on a technical point. Graham v. Murphy.—This was a case of assault; delendant was adjudged guilty and fined 10s. with 9s. 4d. costs of Court. Police v. Sladden.—The defendant in this case is au innkeeper residing at Dixon's Swamp, and the charge preferred was that of having allowed music and dancing in his licensed premises without permission. The case was proved and a fine of £5 was iinpdsed with 15s. costs. It appears that defendant had been refused permission by a full Bench of magistrates, and ncted in opposition to such refusal. —. Nicholson and another person, charged with committing a, breach of the peace, were fined 5s. each. Petts v. Kelly.—This was a summons to recover damages for trespass of sheep. Adjourned to next Court. Several 6inall settled out of Court. FATAL ACCIDENT AT COROWA.—A sad story comes from Corowa. It seems that a young man named Davie, living at the station of Messrs. Osborne, Bull Plains, had been spending his Christmas holidays at Mr. Sanger's, near Corowa. On the evening of Friday, the 28th ult., he was in company with a lad about 12 years of age, son of Mr. Sanger's. The youngster took up a pistol not knowing it to be loaded, and by way of a joke presented it at Mr. Davie. The pistol unfortunately went off killing Davie on the spot. The deceased was very popular amongst his acquaintances, and his death has cast a gloom over the neighborhood. BOWNA FLOUR SIILL.—WC learn that Sir. J; II. Kirkpatrick has taken the Bowna flour mill into his own hands, and purposes cairying on the business for the future himself, instead of leasing (he property. THE MESSRS. FOORD OF WAHGUNYAH. —The stoppage of Messrs. T. and J. C. Foord, storekeepers, vignerons, and millers, of Corowa and Wahgunyah, is announced. The liabilities are stated to be £9,848 17s. 5d.; assets, £3,409 7s. 10d.; deficiency, £6,439 9s. 7d. At a meeting of creditors held at the offices of Messrs. Ecroyd and Danby, accountants, a resolution assigning the estate was adopted. ALLEGED LARCENY.—At tlie local Police Court, on Saturday, Ah Sik was charged with stealing certain articles of jewellery the property of Lizzie Ah Fee. The evideuce of the apprehending constable having been taken, Lizzie Ah Fee deposed : I now reside at Beechworth ; on the 8th September I was living in Albury at the house of Mary Ah Ping; the prisoner was living in the same house ; I identify the earring and the locket and chain produced as my property ; I had them oil the night of the 8th September between 7 and 8 o'clock* ; they were in my carpet bag in my bedroom ; I missed them the same night; I went out for a short time and when I returned the things were gone ; I next saw the articles in' Beechworth at Peter Bohl's hotel ; they bad been pawned by the prisoner; I paid 10s. to the prisoner to redeem the earrings and he got them [jack and gave Iheiu to me ;" before this I saw the prisoner at Beechworth at my place ; he said, " I'm sorry that I took your earrings ;" he also said that if I paid the money I could get them back ; he said, " you give me 16s. and I will go to the hotel and get them back ;" I went to the hotel with hiiu ; Sirs. Bold refused to give the earrings; saying they were sold ; prisoner said he had not sold them but only pawned them summoned Sirs. Bolil for detaining the goods ; I then got the earrings on payment of the 16s.; the articles produced arc worth over £2. Crossexamined by Sir, Blackmore : I got the locket and chain from Emily Slacleiui, a girl living with prisoner ; the prisoner came up to my place from Wangaratta ; I could not say if prisoner took the things out of my bag but lie was in my room when I went out and he was there when I came back ; he is not a friend of mine; he is a stranger ; he was in my bedroom smoking with another Chinaman named Ilok Shin ; I did not ^ive the prisoner the things to take care of; I Liad not had a row with my husband. Mary Bohl deposed : I aui the wife of Peter Bohl a publican at Beechworth ; the prisoner Ah Sik sold a pair of earrings to me about two mouths ago ; he sold theui for lGs.; Lizzie Ah Fee came and asked for them ; I refused to give them up ; she came a second time with the prisoner; in the meantime she had summoned me for detaining the goods ; by the advice of the police I gave up the earrings on recovering 16s. from the prisoner; when prisoner first brought the earrings he said be nad found them ; he afterwards said he had bought them for 25s. ; lie made a further statement that he bad given £2 10s. for them ; when prisoner and Lizzie Ah Fee came to my place they seemed on friendly terms. Johanna Ah Fan deposed: The locket produced was left with me by prisoner two months ago ; I returned it to him about a week after. This was the case for the prosecution, aud the prisoner was committed for trial, Sir. Blackmore reserving the defence. NEW REGULATION.—We understand the Council of Education have determined that in future all In spectors of Schools shall periodically be removed from one district to another ;*and it is under this regulation we presume that Mr. Inspector Hookins has received instructions to take charge in the Sydney district next month. ALBURY SOAP FACTORY.—We understand that the Albury soap factory, lately in the possession of Sir. SI'Govern, has changed hands. The new iroprietor is Sir. Hellfeusteiii, who has had a arge experience in the business in connection with the principal soap manufactories in Slarseilles, one of the chief centres of this particular industry in Europe. With the knowledge and practical skill thus' acquired Sir. Helffeustein should be able to turn out goods of a first rate quality. PRESBYTERIAN.—The Rev. T. Edwards conducted divine service at the Presbyterian Church on Thursday evening last, and at the close of the service moderated in a call to a minister. The Rev. Jas. Henry was cordially and unanimously elected minister of the Presbyterian congregation in the Albury district, and the induction may be expected to take place at an early date. The occasion will be celebrated by a tea meeting. THUNDERSTORM.—A thunderstorm passed over the town on Slonday afternoon between five and six o'clock, but the rainfall was of the slightest, barely sufficient, to lay the clouds of dust which heralded the storm. SALE OF PROPERTY AT WODONGA.—Sir. Alex. SI'Cleery, auctioneer of Ckiltern, reports having sold Dr. Hutchinson's farm at Baguall's Point, Wodonga, to Sir. Phillip Adams at £3 Gs. per acre. THE HARVEST.—The new wheat is coming in to town but slowly, most of the farmers being too busily engaged in harvesting operations to spare time to cart the grain to the mill. The ruling price is still 4s. 6d. per bushel. ALBURY WINE.—The demand for Albury wines appears, we are glad to learn, to be steadily improving in Sydney and Brisbane ; to both of which cities large quantities are being forwarded every week. Yesterday afternoon 1200 gallons from Sir. Fallon's cellars passed over the bridge to Wodonga en, route for Sydney by sea. The Sydney trade will no doubt be largely increased upon the completion of the railway from Wagga Wagga. Anvicu TO MOTHERS !—Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering ivitli the pain of cutting teeth? Go at once to a chemist and get-a bottle of Sins. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYKUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It'is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relievingthe child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it soften the gums, allays^ all pain, relieves wind, regulates tlie bowels, and is the beBt known remedy for dysentery and diarrhcoa, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mr?. Win Blow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at Is. lid. per bottle. Manufactured at 403 Oxford-stroct, London. DISASTROUS FIRE.—A most disastrous fire occurred on Thursday week, at Mr. W. Fitzgerald's farm, near Corowa. Early in the morning, a threshing machine belonging to Mr. G. H, Risby started threshing the new crop, and everything went on well until almost three o'clock in the afternoon, when an alarm of fire was given. The engine connected with the thresher was at work on the weather side of a large stack of hay, a little to the left were two stacks of wheat, and to the right were two other stacks, while in the centre, right behind the threshing machine, was the recently-threshed straw. When the alarm was given, the engine was immediately stopped and a general rush made to the haystack, on the summit of which the fire was already blazing. There were no ladders at hand and scarcely any water to be got. With much difficulty one of the men engaged with the thresher, named M'Geoch, clambered to the top of the stack and endeavored to extinguish the flames with a wet sack, but owing to the straw by which he was holding on giving way, he rolled to the ground, a distance of about twenty-five feet. Mr. Fitzgerald next made the attempt to reach the summit, but just as he reached the fire he fell also, and was severely injured. A man named Milthorpe then essayed the task, and fell also. By this time the fire had spread considerably, and it was apparent that nothing could be done to save the property. In less than five minutes all the stacks were on fire, and the great heat prevented those present from removing any of the machinery. All the stacks, the threshing machine, a quantity of harness, 150 bags of wheat, (which had been threshed during the morning), and nearly all the property belonging to the men engaged with the machine were consumed. In about an hour the fire had burnt sufficiently low to allow the men to remove the engine which was not much damaged. The total damage is estimated at about £1000. None of the property was insured. Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Fitzgerald, who by this one visitation has lost the whole proceeds of his twelve months hard work. Death bv Drowning. —A melancholy case ol drowning occurred at the rear of Church Hill, Wogga, on Monday morning las'. A man named John Kane, known also by the surname Bowen, had for a day or two past been in the employ of Mr. Riggall, bootmaker. Since l.u> arrived in Wagga he had been st tying at Yabslev's Bui'ders* Arms Hotel, and on the morning in question he went out with a man named Fitzgerald and auother acquaintance. After calling at one or two hotels the third man left them, and Kane went down to the river with Fitzgerald. When they reached the river bank, below the Catholic Church, Kane said lie would like to have a swim. Fitzgerald asked him whether he was able to swim, as if he got into any difficulty he (Fitzgerald) being unable to swim could not render any assistance. Kane said he could s wim a little, and finally went into the water. lie swam a few strokes in the shallow part of the stream, but as he got further out it became apparent to Fitzgerald that he was in difficulties, so he immediately went for assistance. The lirst man that he met was unable to swiin, bat he saw two men working at the Catholic Church who came down to the river with him. After arriving there, however, no trace of Kane could be seen, and all efforts to recover the body failed until yesterday morning, when it was discovered floating at the back of Finn's hotel. An inquest (.savs the Exvvst) was held at the Prince of Wales Hotel, when the foregoing facts were adduced. The deceased originally kept an hotel at IVnalla, Victoria, where he has a wife and family now living. More recently, according to his .statement to Mr. Riggall, he had been to New Z >ahnd, whence ho cauie to Sydney, and subsequently to Wagga. He was about 45 years of age. The jury found a verdict or accidental death. Sticking-up Case at Broken Dam.—A Chinese store at Broken Dam or Aviuh station were stuck up a few days ago by two armed men. They rode up to the place, which is close to Sanderson's public house, and after " bailing up" the China- \- men, took £12 from them. Information was conveyed to the Morangorel police and a constable proceeded to the place, aud after making a few inquiries looked round and went away again. No- thing has since been heard of the culprits. Both of the men wore crape over their faces. The night before the robbery a valuable* horse was stolen from Messrs. Mack and Greeves' Tetnora station, and there is every reason to connect the deliquenU with both robberies. Repeated efforts have been made, but in vain, to get police protection for the neighborhood which is infested with bad characters. Polynesian languages.—The Rev. S. J. Whitmee's Comparative Gaunnar of the Polynesian languages (says the Academy), is iu fair state of progress, and the materials for fiisComparativ Dictionary are also gradually accumulating. Contributions have just been received from Tahiti and the Hervey Islands, aud a French gentleman has promised a vocabulary of 6000 words in the Gambier Island dialect, 2000 words in the ltapa dialect, and about t!;o r.amo number of words iu two dialects of the Mnrquesas Islands. The importance of this promised contribution can hardly E lie ever-estimated, in the dialects mentioned ail belong to remote re^fou* in the Mai ay o Polynesian area, and Mr. Whitinee hud scarcely hoped to obtain any information regu-ding the fiivt two of them, lie believes that the existence of two dialects in tin? Marquees Islands indicates a raised race, as he has not hitherto found two dialects in a single cluster of islands, except in connection with other signsof a mixture of races. This is the case in U vea (Loyalty Islands), where the Malayo-Polynesians and Negrito-Polynesians are both represented, in some islands of the New Hebrides, and nt Raeumnh, He has long experienced a difficulty in explaining the existence of customs hot purely Polynesian, such as cannibal ism in the Marquesas; hu t all becomes clear if we can suppose that tlie.se Mauds were originally inhabited by ti Negritb-populatiom Sir William J Envois on the On ink.si: Question.—At a farewell breakfast given on the 11th insU to Mr. Caleb Peacock, ex-Mayor of Adelaide, prior to his departure on A visit to Europe, his Excellency Sir William Jervois, in responding to a toast, took occasion to express his views upon the Chinese immigration question. According to the report in the South AvMralvm Register, he said :—Mr, Peacock proposes to go to India, and to visit the Malav Peninsula and the seat of my late government'. Singapore. It has been a great pleasure lo me to have the opportunity in any small wav I can manage to facilitate his visit to the Straits settlement, and amongst other letters of introduction whiciri have had the honor of giving him, I have given him one to a gentleman who has long held, and worthily and usefully held to the advantage of the British community, a place iu ihe Legislative Council of Singapore. And, gentlemen, that member of the Council is a Chinaman. Now, I think that he may gain, and I am sure he will gain, a great deal of information which will be useful to tliis colonv by his visit to Singapore. When he gets there he will see the boat in which he lands manned by Chinamen ; his luggage will be taken to the hotel by Chinamen ;' when be ets lo the hotel he will find'.he cook a Chinaman, the butler a Chinaman, and if there is a family h-will find the nurse a Chinaman, and every department o! life filled by members of the Chinese race. I inu.-t confers that when I came the Australian colonies I was surprised to find the view that was held of what wa: called the invasion of the Chinese. And, in Queensland, while they have knocked the project on the head which I proposed, bee mse it Would cost too huge a sum of money to keep the Russians out, they charge every Chinaman .£10 if be gets in. (Laughter.) This is the sou ol sentiment which influences a great number of my friends on Ihe Australian continent. 1 believe, so far as it is in my power, it is my duty to dissipate such ideas, and so far as the Northern Territory of South Australia is concerned I am sure that my friend Mr. Peacock, when he returns, having seen what I know he will see, and having examined for himself, will say to voii, gentlemen of South Australia, go and do likewise. (Applausg.)" Attempt at Prison-Brhakixu —Suspension of Officials.—A few evenings ago a clever, aud most determined, attempt at escape, was made bv two notorious prisoners in D.irlingburst Gaol. It was fortunately frustrated by a keen-eyed official on duty near the wing where the prisoners were confined. It appears that the prisoners had been locked up for the night, ami as nothin strange had been observed in their conduct or in their cell, to arouse suspicion they had been left for the night with no more than the ordinary pre caution for their security. During the night, however, and no doubt this was the linidiin. touch to several hours* labor on previous occasions while the solitary step of the sentine'. resounded continuously along the corridor—they broke through the slates forming the rout'of their cell, and there was every prospect of gelling off, for thei had materials in their possession to clamber over the twonty-loot wall that vet stood between them and liberty. They were, however, discovered leaving the wing, and being unwilling to run risk of rifle hall, they surrendered, and were safely deposited in other parts of the gaol. The whole affair seemed to indieite negligence on the p.irt of the officials, as several oi' ihem have been pended pending a searching inquiry. A Mao Chinaman.—A fortnight ago (siys the Courier) a chinaman named Ling Foo \va< sen- tenced by the Ya ~~ment in Yass gaol as being of unsound mind, and was discharged from custody yesterday morning, having completed the term of his sentence. H however, immediately showed symptoms of not having recovered from his state of insanity, as when approaching the Chinese garden (formerly his own) he took a knife from his pocket and commenced to sharpen it on a stone it the end the billiard-room of the Commercial Hotel, and was making wild gestures and incoherent utter ances, when he was accosted by sub-inspector Brennan. The poor chinaman then showed conclusive signs of being of unsound mind. The sub-inspector took the knife from him, and, there being no policeman in view, he got the services of two half-castes, who took him to the watchhouse. The prompt action ol the sub-inspector in this instance deserves special mention, as the chinaman is certainly a dangerous lunatic, having before his first arrest put several of the towns people in bodily fear. No doubt when again brought before the bench the chinaman wilt be ordered to be forwarded to a proper asylum. The Califounian Diviners.—At the Central Police Court, Sydney last week, before Messrs, Itelsham and Hvam, Diana Lovell, alias Colon aged 19, one of tlie tribe of California!) diviners, though clearly of Romany origin and descent who encamped seme time ago at ihe Glebe, on their arrival from 'Frisco, was brought- up on remand oil warrant executed hy Senior-constable Broderick, a week or so ago, charged with having pretended to tell fortunes with intent to defraud. The defendant's for:lines were entrusted to Mr. Carroll, Briefly stated, the ctse for the prosecution was this. Defendant called at the house of Mrs. Tail, a married woman, residing.some- where iu the vicinity of the Forest Lodge, hawking clothes-pjgs, and having interviewed the proprietress, artfully and deceitfully suggested that the huly would probably desire lo engage Ihe services of a soothsayer. After some pirley, the proposition that Diana should enlighten Mrs. 'fait as to the events looming in futurity was evidently encouraged, and operations commenced. The complainant on being asked if she had a tin dish in the house admitted that such was the fact, but it had a hole in it. Diana did not think that .mattered much, but had she half-a-crown. The half-crown was produced ; complainant was told to expectorate upon it. She did so. Diana then separated " the good from the bad," in plain English, took possession of the half-crown. She then cabnlistically announced, "Yon were born under! two planets. Your husband can be led' but cannot be driven. You will soon have a letter from over the water, with good news." The complainant told her husband, who directed hello see the police, and hence the prosecution. In cross-examination complainant admitted that she was an educated woman of about 39 years of age, and always attended her religious 'duties, and that she did not believe that any person could enjoy the privilege of divining into the future. Mr. Carroll submitted there was no case against the defendant. The offence alleged to have been committed was constituted under an Act ot Geo ge II., which was not in force in this colony. That Act which was passed before the union, was only applicable to England and Scotland, aud the Constitution Act of New South Wales only adonted those Acts which were in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland also. The Bench (having been apprised in the interim that Mrs. Tait had received "good news from home") unanimously dismissed the case. Narrow Escape.—The Maitland Mercury contains the following account of an almost miraculous escape from death :—" During the heavy storm on Tuesday evening last, a young adv named Vickery, daughter of Mr. William Vickeiy, Balwana, was struck by lightning. The case is a most peculiar one. It appears that the young lady, who is about 19 or 20 years of nge, came down into the lucerne paddock, which is between 20t) and .'Jflfl yards from the house, where some of the members of the family were busy making hay. About the time the storm came on, she took up a pitchfork in her hand, and was about to stack some hay iu a heap, and just before the rain came down, at which time the lightnin was very vivid, she was struck by a flash of lightning. The handle ot the fork was split up the ccntre in two pieces. Her boots were cut to pieces, and flattened out as if placed under a hay press, and her stockings were rent into small pieces. The eyebrows were singed completely off. Her forehead, arms, chin, awl breast were marked, as if she had received some smart burin. She was also burnt about the knees. She remained unconscious for a short time alter. She was conveyed into the house, and was attended by Drs. Morson, Black well, and Wright, who applied all the means in their power to relief the sufferer, and we are happy to state that under their skilful treatment the young lady was yesterday morning better, although suffering from' pains. Last evening we learned that the sufferer had somewhat recovered, though she still remains in a very critical state." Tiie Law or Executors.—In the District Court, Sydney, a few days since, Mr. District Court Judge Dowling adjudicated a case of some interest to executors anil others. Mrs. Theresa Thomas, carrying on business as an undertaker in York-street, sued a person named Naden for £S 12s., as money due for the funeral expenses ofthe late Mr. Westby. The defence was that Westby's estate was liable and not defendant. Mr. J. P Brennan appeared for plaintiff, Mr. Marshall for defendant. Mrs. Thomas deposed that Naden came to her place and gave orders for the funeral arrangements and burial of Westby. She made an entry in her book of the order," and knowin him well was willing to trust him. Naden di not then say he was acting in the capacity of Westby's executor, but subsequently he told her he was executor. Emily Thomas, daughter of the lust witness, remembered Naden asking her mother to bury Westby. He said he would like to have the grave of Westby's brother opened, so that both brothers would be buried together. Naden never said anything about bein executor, but acted on his own responsibility. The defendant Naden then gave evidence. lie averred that Westby lodged with him for six or eight months. Wh eii Westby died he went to plaintiff, who had buried Westby's brother Westby paid for his brother's funeral expenses, Plaintiff went to another executor to get Westby buried with his brother, but he referred her to witness as the executor, and witness, as such, con tracted the debt. Very little of Westby's money is in the bank. To Mr. Brennan : After Westby'e death went to Marshall's office, and beard the will read. The will was made two months before Westby's death. Witness knew ofthe will then and told plaintiff to put Westby iu his brother' grave. Witness did not tell plaintiff when he gave the order that he was executor, but he told her one hour afterwards. His Honor, in giving a verdict for plaintiff for the full amount claimed, with 5s. for one witness, stated that defendant should have tcld Mis. Thonns at the time he gave the order that he did not contract the liability on his own responsibility. A Comedian in Trouble.—Mr. P. F. Baker, of Messrs. Baker and Farron, was the subject ot gross outrage on Sunday afternoon, in the vicinity ofthe wharf, Flinders-street, by which he narrowly escaped serious personal injury, if not loss of his life, under the following circumstances :—Mr. Baker, accompanied by a friend, was doing a look round the cit v. The bohemian character of those who assemble at the wharf attracted Mr. Baker attention. Our visitors upon their arrival found a noisy individual, who was engaged, as he stated, in the invidious task of exposing the rites and mysteries of the ancient craft, Freemasonry. Mr. Baker and his friend were silent listeners to thif person. The crowd becoming somewhat exciti by the address of the speaker began to bustle th respectable portion of those assembled, Mr. Baker being forced in uncomfortably c'ose proximity to the lecturer, with whom he accidentally collided when making a vigorous attempt to get free fiom the mob. Mr. Baker found himself the object of serious attention from a number of the roughs, who, encouraged by the lecturer, were anxious to give Mr. Baker a bath in ttie Yarra. In view of the Rerious position of affairs, Mr. Baker and his friend endeavored to make tracks, but a retinue of a mob of howling roughs made it a matter of great difficulty. Altera little time, but requiring no inconsiderable muscular exertion. Mr.* Baker reached the roadway, still followed uy the eager mob of loafers, when a trial of speed ensued, Mr. Baker showing that his abilities as a comedian were only equalled by his powers as a pedestrian* It was not, however, until two blocks had been rounded that the pursuers gave up the chase, and probably would not then only Mr. Baker secured the haven of a cab, which gradually drew away from the crowd. Mr. Baker's friend was less fortunate, for he received some severe bodily illtreatment—Herald. The Cure or CI.eu Feet.---Our readers (says the liallarat Star) will remember a reference sonic time ago in these columns to the successful treatment nowadays of club feet and other deformities. On that occasion we stated that Mr. Gunn, the surgical instrument maker of Lyons-street, had consigned to his care two twin infant girls, three years old, with club feet, upon which surgical operations were about to be performed. We also lointed out at that time that club feet may now je perfectly cured without surgical operation, if the child be taken in hand nt birth, when the tendons aud muscles are iu their sollest state. The twin sisters now at Mr. Gunn's were not given up early enough to treatment to obviate the use of the surgeon's knife, aud Dr. Kerr, assisted by Dr. Nicholson, recently operated by dividing the shortened tendons and fascia, and then bandaged the feet in a normal position and handed the twins over to Mr. Gunn's mechanical treatment. The case was one of the worst, we understand, as the club feet were very pronounced club feet, and there was also what is known as a severe rotation of the limbs from the hip downwards. The surgeons having performed the necessary preliminary operations—operations without which the mere mechanist, clever though he be, is helpless—Mr. Gunn set to work and put the little feet into club-foot boots. These are boots divided vertically at the instep and held together by a sole hinge, and by gutta-percha ligaments answering as near as may be to the tendons of nature. These boots having been worn till the leet were secured in their new position, a new boot of the ordinary kind is now in use, to which is attached an ingenious apparatus to correct the errors in the muscular action from the hips downwards, We have seen the twins walking in this apparatus, their feet, which we had on the former occasion seen in hideouslycontorted shape and true walking impossible, being now straight, sob.- to gioand from heel to toe, and the little people able to go about as freely as is possible iu the restraint of such apparatus. Killed in a Flour Mm-—A most painful sensation was created in Jamestown on the evening of Wednesday, December 19th, by the news that Mr. A. Trilling, J.P., had met with a severe accident at the flour mill, and this was almost immediately followed by the shocking intelligence that he was dead. From information gathered on the spot, together with the evidence adduced at the inquest on the body, the facts appeared to lie these :—That Mr. Thrilling, who had recently added a new engine to the flour mill, and had also other improvements and additions in progress, was ensiagad with his employes alter the usual working hours on Wednesday evening, trying a new pair ot millstones which had iust b- en erected on the second floor of ihe mill, Tiie trial proving satisfactory, Mr. Trilling is stated to have said something to the effect that that would do for that night, and he would go and stop the eng lie. With this iulention the unfortunate gentleman passed from the grinding floor to the engine-room, taking a caudle with him. Immediately afterwards the hands iu the mill beard a piercing scream, aud rushing into the engine-room lbnvd Mr. Trilling lying in a shattered condition iu the bottom ofthe wheel pit. Assistance was promptly obtained, and the sufferer was lifted out aud placed on a mattress. At this time he was quite sensible, and was able to swallow a stimulant administered by Mr. Fenwick, cnemist, who in the absence of Dr. Cockburn attended to use any available means for relieving the suffering gentleman. At Mr. Fenwick's suggestion, Mr. Trilling was carried to his resilience, whilst iie in the meantime provided himself with medical appliances. On his arrival at the house, however, Mr. Trilling was dead. A messenger was immediately dispatched for Dr. Coinyn, of Georgetown, who arrived at about 4 a.m. lie states in evidence that from the examination lie had made and from what he had heard he considered that the shock to the nervous system, combined with the hemorrhage, might have been sufficient, to cause death. Action or Cold iton Milk.-The following conclusions are extracted by an American journal from a paper by Eug-Tisserand, read, we presume, before the French Academy :—Numerous experiments have been made by exposing milk to different temperatures varying from 32° to 100° Fabr., and the following facts have been elicited :—1. The raise of cream is. the more rapid ns the temperature to which the milk is exposed approaches 32°. 2. The volume of cream is greater when the milk has been efficiently cooled. 3. The yield of butler is also greater when the milk has been exposed to a very low temperature. 4. Finally, the skimmed milk, the butter, and the cheese are of better qualify when prepared under the above circumstances. ' While it is impossible ,to offer a satisfactory explanation as to the reason why artificial cold should produce a beneficial effect upon the yield and quantity of the products derived from the milk, it it? probable that it may tend to arrest, that fermentative <1'composition which ^ so prone to set in with or ganies fluids, and thus, by preventing incipient alteration, indirectly to improve the quality of the material. The practice ot warming the dairy in the winter time, so as to maintain its atmosphere at a constant temperature of about <30°, is therefore objectional; the pans should stand in rnnuiug water at as low a temperature its can be practically obtained. It is further suggested that theforegoing facts should be brought prominently -before tho. notice of those who are engaged in tiie inanufac^ lure of dairy products, in ordyr that the many erroneous notions on this^'%tbjeet pay b^ gradually eliminated. ~ 