A FIRST-HAND GHOST STORY. " - A paper on the Other World, which appears in the current number of the Church, Quarterly Review, contains the following first-hand story which will no doubt be welcome to many readers as a contribution to the very large num ber of authentic stories, testifying to appearance of i& dying man at the moment of death to dis tant friends:—" The fact is that this class of what are callfed * ghost stories' is so numerous, and so thoroughly well authenticated, that the hesitation would rather be as to whether they be properly supernatural at all. W« mean that the'question arises whether it may not be pos sible'in the nature of things—under certain cir cumstances—for the departing spirit to manifest itself to distant friends at the instant, the flee-> ing moment, of transition from this world to the other? If any one replies if so, why is it not even more common ? our answer is easy. There are numbers of things quite natural which are more uncommon than the well-ascertained instances of this class of event. In the house in which these pages are written, a tall and wide stair case-window, with a northern aspect, throws a strong side-light on the entrance into the chief living-room, which -stands at the end of a passage running nearly the length of the house. It was after midday, in midwinter, many; years since, that the writer left Ins study, which opens into the passage just mentioned, on his way to his early dinner. The day was rather foggy, but there was no density of vapour, yet thedoor at the end of the passage seemed obscured by mist. As he advanced the mist, so to call it, gathered into one spot, and formed itself into the-outline of a human figure, the bead and "shoulders becoming more and more distinct, while the rest of the body seemed enveloped in a gaupy cloak-like vestment of many folds, reaching downwards so as to hide the feet, and from its widtb, as it rested on the flagged passage, giving a pyramidal outline, The full light- of the window fell on the object which was sol thin and tenuousin its consistency that the light on the-panels of a highly var nished door were vibible through this lower part of the dress. It was altogether colourless, a -statute carved in mist. The writer was so startled that he iB uncertain whether he moved forward or stood still. He was rather astonished than terrified, for his first notion was that he was witnessing some hitherto unnoticed effect of light and shade.- He had no thought of any thing supernatural, till, as he gazed, the head was turned towards him, and he at once recog nized the' features of a very dear friend,': The I expression of his countenance was that of holy,' peaceful-tepose, and the gently 1 kindly aspect which it wore iii daily life was intensified (so thewriter, in recalling the sight, has" ever since felt) into a parting glance of deep; affection. And then, in an instant, all passed away. The writer can only compare < the manner of the evanescence to the way in which a jet of steam is dissipated on exposure -to cold air. Hardly, till then, did he realize that he had been brought into close communion with the supernatural. The result was great awe, but no terror, sothat insteadof retreating to his1 study be went for ward and opened the dooi? close to which the apparition had stood. Of couree he could not doiibt theimpbrtof what he had seen, and the morrow's or' the next day's post brought the tidings that his friend had tranquilly passed out j of this yorld at the time whfeii he was seen by the writer. It must be stated that it was a sudden summons;that the writer had heard nothing of him for some weeks previously, and that nothing had brought him to his thoughts on the day of his decease." 