SPLITTING THE DIFFERENCE. ' ?> Hie hon. Member for Fingal yesterday surprised his own side in the House of Assembly, without commending his conduct to the Opposition, who evidently did not take kindly to Mr. Douglas's attempt to take the wind out of their sails. We suspected the bon. Member of a practical joke ; the Opposition suspected him of a trick, when he pro Íiosed in a child-like ignorance of the rules of the louse, that the Government should split with the Company the sum claimed for train service during tho period that Evandale was the terminus. Mr. Douglas stated his intention from the Opposition side of the House and wo arc glad he had this decency. If ho is really serious, he should be allowed to throw in his lot with the Opposition. Ministers, if they would not be judged as having trifled with the deputation, and as acting a lie in the stand they have now taken, must meet Mr. Douglas's motion by accepting it as a vote of want of confidence. If a motion, whose importance is not its monetary value but its bearing on the good name and credit of the colony, is to be carried (and it probably may be so by the joint desire to serve the company and humiliate the Government), lot Mr. Douglas know the full effect of what he proposes, and bear the aonsoquenccs, It will then be his part to form a Government in tho interest of the Railway Company, though ho may have some difficulty in satisfying the country why, if tho oompany is entitled to payment for the Bevon months and a half during which the train-service ended at Evandale, they should bo robbed of pay- ment for tho first three months and a half ; why, if the company is entitled to nothing, they should be paid for the last four months. However desir- able it may be to compromise a question of money, to compromise a question of good name and public honour means, iii the language Mr, Reibey is so fond of quoting, to drag the honour of tho colony through tho dirt. .*» _ LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-There was but a short sitting in this chamber yesterday and the business done was of a loutino character. A petition in favour of tho Presbyterian Church Bill was 'pre- sented by Mr. Maclanachan. Mr. Grubb gave notifie of his intention to bi ing in a bill to prevent any notioo to purchase being given to the Main Line Railway Company without the sanction of Parlia- ment. Mr. Innes also gave notico for the consider- ation on Tuesday next of certain extracts from the journal relative to tho Main Line Railway question, a,nd to call tho attention of members to the reply of the Colonial Secretary that the opinion of the Eng- lish Counsel was leccivcd in the colony on the 21st May last. Furthçr oorrcsngndenco on this subject was laid up-m "the table by tho Colonial Secretary and ordered to hu printed. A message from the Houso of Assembly for the concurrence of the Council to the Bankers' Act Amendment Bill, Salmon Act Amendment Bill, and tho Preservation of Trout Bill was received. A motion of Mr. Innes to the oft'uet that the Council should assort their rights in regard to their determination as to what information should bo laid before them by tho Houso of Assembly, and tho production of such whon moved for, was. carried withont opposition. Tho Colonial Secretary promised Mr. Crowther to obtain a lettpr received by the Government fiom Colonel Grey, and to lay it before the Council. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY.-Petitions in favour of the Presbyterian Church Bill woro yosterday presented by Mr. Riddoch fruin Presbyterians formerly belong- ing to St. Andrews, Hobart Town j by the Minister of Lands (for Air. Gunn) from Sorell and Bream Creek ; and by Mr. Henry from Deloraine and Chudleigh, Mr. Lewis presented a petition from seat- holders of fjt; Androws, and members of the Church of Scotland, for a modification of the bill. Two notices of motion we're tallied Ijy Mr. 1'dljnger, In Committco of Supply tito* Colonial Treasurer moved tho resolution standing in his name for tau appropriation of a sum to meet the guaranteed interest to the Main Line liailway Company, whioh after a very long disoussiou was aarried unani- mously, and a bill was subsequently introduced to give c'ttect to the resolution, advanced a stage, and second reading fixed for to-day. Seveial nnoppospd motions by Messrs. Ralfe. Dooley, Gellibrand, and MitcheM, vere passed. The House adjourned at 10-10 till today 4 4 p.m. THE Si'ATUlûR*- TtHfiH P ^ 'ON.-This now famous declaration, by whioh Mess«, Meredith and Henry seek to impugn tho accuraoy of the Colonial 6>ecrp. tary, yesterday received in the Houso of Assembly a moro summary rejection than oven in tho Legisla- tive ¿oquclj. This is only what wo expected. But tho question remains, what did the Governor do with tho principal dnouuicnt whioh, we understand, reached him ? His Kxoollonoy is neither a publia registrar nor a court for tho trial of disputes, and therefore, wo presumo, His Excolloncy adopted tho onlyconGfitutional courso of returning tho document to its sonder, am} thus chocking any tendency to sot up a new court of law or honour. TUB REV. DR. SERVICE.-From the Prexbyterinn Magazine »ve loam that the Rev. Dr. Service, Jato of Inob, and at onq ti<P0 minister of St. John's Church, Hobart Town, has bapn appointed minisíer of a now church in the west end of Glasgow. OWNER WANTED.-The police require an owner I for . Urge-sized copper preserving pan, which may I be wen »t the police station. I POLICE CHAROK.-We regrot that certain in- accuracies occurred in our report, in yesterday's Mercury, of the charge brought the previous day, in the Police Court, by Constable Coates against Mr. Alexander McGregor, a case that brought out circumstances as to demand further enquiry on the Enrt of the Inspector of Police, if he would not ave the force suspected of such grave offencos as to shake all confidence in their integrity and testi- mony. In curtailing the remarks of Mr. Gill, the counsel for the defendant, Mr. McGregor, the defenco is not properly stated. ' Mr. Gill'feaid'that Mr. McGregor was speaking to Captain Lo3Üe when Mr. Tibbs approached, and informed Mr. McGregor that the" constable had reported that the defendant's coachman had been smuggling parcels from the Harriet M'Gregor; that M¿¡ McGregor said ho knew nothingl about any parcels, and that Mr, Barker had seen the coachman going elong the whaif towards the vessel with parcels under his arm, whereupon Mr. McGregor asked,, where is the constable, and on Mr, Timbs bringing him up, Mr. McGregor asked him why he had not done his duty in stopping the coachman. Mr. Gill, on the part of Mr. McGregor, denied the use of the words imputed to him by the constable, whom, however, he had called a sweep ; a denial that would he borne out by Mr. Tibbs, Captain Leslie a-id Mr, Barker. Mr. Gill further explained that the coachman had been sent to town for some parcels for Mrs. McGregor, and on bia way back went on board the vessel, having them under his ann, and afterwards left with them in the same way. The witness, Mr. Barker, is reported as having said that ho saw the coachman leave the vessel with the parcels, but did not see him go on board. The witness said the very reverse, His statement was that he saw the coach- man coming along the wharf from the town towards the vessel, carrying parcels, but did not see him leave the vessel. In connection with this case, and as giving a point to some threats on the point of the police, we leam that on the afternoon of the day on which Constable Coate's information was dismissed, three conatablca found employment hanging about the wharf in the vicinity of'the Harriet McGregor. Either the owner,'Captain, and crew of that vessel are dangerous characters, or the wharf police have very little to do, when .three of thom can thus idle away an afternoon. We com- mend the solution of the problem to the Inspector of Police, under whom these three active trillers; with duty arc. .. Ï, -i . PUBLICATiotf.-The Tasmania^ Presbyterian Ma- gazine has two leading articles, .one on .the annual meeting of Presbytery, and the other on Dr. Lang. The meeting, we are informed, is to take place on the lost Tuesday of this month, at St. Andrew's Church, Launceston, and according to the course which has been followed for some time of electing the last inducted minister, the Rev, Alex. Doctor, of Sorrel, will be Moderator for the next twelve months. Dr, Lang's services in and out of the Church are highly estimated. The general contents ot the paper are interesting. THE HUON CONGREOATIOÍÍAL CHURCHES.-These churches have secured a successor to the Rev. R. Thwaites in the person of the Rev. D. Morris, who has arrived in the colony from Victoria, and begun liis ministerial duties in tho Huon district. The rev. gentleman has laboured for the pnst four, years at Birregurra, in the Western District of Victoria, with acceptance and success. He is to preach at the Franklin and Victoria on Sunday, Sept. 8, and welcome tea meetings are to be held at Franklin ou Tuesday, and at Port Esperance on Thursday. The rev. gentleman will reside at the last-mentioned place, having under his charge the Huon district south of Surges' Bay, while, the northern portion will remain under the pastorate of the Rev. J. ,M. Bayley, who has now entered upon the fifth year of his ministry in the Huon, , OBITUARY.-We regret to have to record the sudden death in Melbourne of Mr. Louis Agnew, eldest son of the Hon. Dr. Agnew, M.L.C. The deceased was married a few weeks since to Miss Page, daughter of the late well-known coach pro- prietor, and the youthful couple left the colony immediately afterwards with the intention of making a prolonged tour. Mr. Agnew has been subject to fits for many years, and it was one of these attacks that caused his death, at the early age of 24 years. Throughout the colony the bereavement which Dr. Agnew has met with will elicit heartfelt sympathy. SUPREME COURT.- Wiggings v. Degraves wasdis ppsed of yesterday by tim jury returning a verdict for the defendant, deoining the £400-paid into Court sufficient compensation for the plaintiff. The effect will be to give the plaintiff his'costs up to the timo of payment of the money into Court. A law point was reserved for argument in the full Court raised by the Attorney- General that the meaning of tho written contract iu the caao should have been construed by the Court, and not submitted to the jury. The Court stands adjourned till this morning at 10 o'clock. Cn-v POUCE COURT.-The Police Magistrate pro sided at this Court yesterday, when throe women, named Agnes Everett, alias Litmau, Ellen Dodd, and Margaret O'Brien, were ohargod with misoon. ducting themaelves on the New Wharton, tho4th instant, and were each ordered to be imprisoned for fourteen days. A young man, who was remanded some days previously to Emu Bay on a chargo of obtaining money under faina pretences, was dis- charged, C.D.O. Quodling, in whose hands the case for the prosecution was, having stated that he had no evidonce to offer, THE AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS.-It would seem that some arrangement has been come to under which a match with the players of England has come off. It will bo remembered that a few days ago a telegram was received stating that the players wanted £20 each, and that this having boen refused, the match was off. That it is taking place is a matter for some satisfaction, for it is one of the most interesting contests of the 'aeries, and1 its re- sult is looked forward to with great . interest. So far the eliancps aro a little in favour of the players, but it is impossible to predict the viptors. It is a little singular that the result of the Sussex match has not been rccoived, THKSCULLINO CHAMPIONSHIP.-This honour does not long remain in the possession of any one. ' On the 3rd June last, William Elliott, "of Pegswood, and John Higgins, of Shadwell, contested the championship on the Thames, and the latter won so easily that it « as thought there could be no doubt which was the best man. One report stated : " We should fancy that this race must have set at rest for ever the question of style against strength. Higgins possesses perfect style ïaud fair strength | Elliott rows entirely withh his arms, but has almost unparalleled muscular power, and after a mile and a half he Viever had th'o shadow of a chance. How the Northerners gould have made such a mistake almost,passes compre- hension." Mistako or not, this decision, according to a cablegram in another column, has beon reversed. Elliott met Higgins again on Tuesday, and beat him. This time strength has proved victorious, so that tho Tyne men can chuckle a little. Tho ques- tion will he now-who is to compete with Trickett, supposing he is able to scull 1 THE ORCHESI-RAL USIOK.-This now Musical Association was inaugurated last evening at the Frepmasoiis' Hall most successfully. Over sixty gentlemen were present, ami Dr. Smart presided. His Excellency the Governor was oleotod patron of the Union, and the Mayor of Hobart Town presi- dent. The several officers, committee, and conductor, were appointed, aud acode of, i ules adopted for the governance of the association, , _ ; TEMPERANCE ALLIANCE.-The weekly meeting of the Temperance Alliance was held at the Rooms, Macquarie-street, last evening ; and it ia gratifying to state there was an increaso iu the usual good1 attendance, which would point to'the 'fact that these pleasing entertainments arc becoming more popular. Captain Fisher presided, and, with tho) Rev. Mr. Morris, a gentleman from one of tho' other colonies, and Mr. L. Lodge,' delivered ad- dresses iu advocacy of temperance. In the intorvala some choruses were rendered by the choir, and a fow well-chosen musical selections on the piano- forte were given by ladies and gentlemen present. THEATRE ROYAL.-The Flying Scufi was again ftraduced at the theatre last 0. -juiug to a very good louso. Tho drama alfords au excellent representa tiqii of sporting life, each 'character boing well personated by the various members of tho company. The plot of the piece is highly sensational, cap!) act concluding wth a thrilling tabfat u. Tliq inpahnnical effects are also well arranged, tljo "race for the Derby" being oapccially good; and with the ulti- mate appearance of a ''real hQrso;" makes a very exciting finish to the drama. ' This evening will bo presented, by special desire, The Sliaughraun, whon there will no doubt be another good house, as thaso of our theatre-going publie who have not witnessed it will have an oppoitunity of doing f>0. D'Ai.cv Hutu's Guosi-.-Despito tho fact of tho ghost or spcctiescope having been exhibited for nearly two weeks at the Town Hall, it continues to draw large houses. The novelty of tho exhibition exerts a peculiar fascination upon spectators of a curious turn of mind, who aro induced to lcpcat their visita without being able to account for Ibu extraordinary appearances of tho real and unreal performers. The peiformance this ovening is an- nounced tobo under the patronage of His Excellency . hfl Gnvprnn* * SERIOUS AcrinjiNr.-Yesterday morning, a w.ell. known hawker of fish named Matches was chiving his horse and cart along Davey-street. When near the junction with Harrington-street, the horse slipped and fell on his head, and the cart was turned completely over. Matches, who was thrown very hoavdy to tim ground, was a good deal bruised and shaken, but fortunately escaped without having any bqlies brokpn. Thp horse, however, nuist (mya received some internal injury,'for' bp bled most; profusely, and as ho appeared to bp in great agony, an end was put to his sufferings by his throat being cut on the spot. Tho police wero at onco com mmúcE'ted with, and tho carcase waa removed as soon as possibje. Considering tho natiiro of tho accident, it is surprising that the results were not more disastrous, NEW ENGINES FOR THE T.M.L.IÍ.-One ot the engines brought by tho barque Oleander was taken to the Railway Station yesterday. The "iron horse" was drawn by twelve horses, and attracted tho attention of a considerable number of persons while on the way to the station. It ajipears to be a much lighter one than those at present in use, while it is a double bogie, and will therefore be more suitable for the line on áeooMtf of toe ? nome« rous curve« in the rail*. DERWENT YACHT CLUB.-A general meeting of I theDerwcnt Yacht Club was heldlast evening in the Bird-in-Hand Hotel, Argylc-street, in accordarco with a resolution passed at last meeting, Mr. Hales being in the chair. The Secretary (Mr. Watchorn) read the minutes of the previous meeting, which were confirmed. The following gentlemen weio proposed and elected members of the club : Messrs. J. H. Hanson, J. Macfarlane, R. Wright, P. S. Butler, D. Westbrook, J. S. Dodds, and II. Owen. Tho meeting then terminated. RIGGED SCHOOL ASSOCIATION.-A special meeting of the General Committee was held yesterday, lu tho Bible üejiot. Thoo wore present-Mr. Inglis (in the chair), ' Messrs. Castray, C Crosby, Gellie, It. A. Mather, J. K, Salier, and the Revs. Dean Bromby, R, M.>Webster, B. S.iBird, J. Scott, and J. Stone (secretary), j The most important business was the reconsideration'of the present position and duty of the association under tho remit made to them at the last special meeting. : After somo dis- cussion, the following resolution was moved by Mr. Castray, and unanimously agrce'd to, viz : " That the members of the Executive Committee ' bo instructedjto^vait^as a deputation, on the Go- vernment, and ascertain if the annual grant made to this association, towards the maintaining of the three Schools, is held by them to 'be' a 'grant for religious education, and, as such, to come within the order of the section in the State-Aid Commuta- tion Act proscribing the issuing of such grants." After the passing of this resolution, the mere routine business of the committee was transacted. A resolution was carried for making a small addi- tion to the salary of Mr. Todd, Master of the Collins-sticet School, (and it was remitted to Mcssis. Inglis, Salier, and the secretary, to arrange for some change-in the conducting of the school at the Cascade Road., ¡ i : , BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.-The weekly meeting of tho Executive Committco'wos held yesterday after noonin the Society's room, Bathurst-street. present: Di'. Hall (chairman), Messrs. R. A. Mather, With rington, and Witt. The minutes of the last meet- ing were read and confirmed, /l'ho Registrar rejiorted that tho cases relieved during the week wcre.oO, comprising 134 individuals, with 47 full and thrco ' half jations. The reports from'tho Invalid Depots were as follows :-New Town, 3 discharged ; Cascarles, 0 discharged ; Brickfields, 5 discharged. Six ft esli applications were considered;, four were granted and two refused. , INTERCHANGE OF'PtJLrrrs.-The Southern Cross' (Melbourne), writes on the 31st ult. :-"Every event that knits the Churches of Clnisfc together deserves record and demands approval. Many were pleasingly surprised at the announcement that the Rev. H. N. Wollaston, an Episcopalian minister, would preach in tim Scots' Church ; more wero ex- ceedingly glad when they knew that co-operation on a'tnore extended scale would take place at Mal vorn. Between that place and the Dandenong ranges there isa largo population,' which is but ill provided with 'religious ordinances. The Rev. T. Cole, the In cumbent of Malvern, will now onoo a mouth visit some of theso outlying places, and his place will be i supplied by Presbyterian Ministers, Dr. Cairns , having commenced so doing by preaching in the i Episcopalian Church, Malvorn, last Lord's day. At home, we thiuk, such a course would be illegal. Dean Stanley, liberal as he is,,could not surrender his pulpiffto that'grand old missionary, Dr. Moffat. Ho did the next best thing, and Dr. Moffat lectured in the nave of Westminster Abbey. Here we are not so fettered by law, and Bishop Moorhouse, with , a catholicity tint is to be admit ed and commended, 1 sanctions the interchange of pulpits. It really looks-the sacerdotal exclusivcness of the Church of England organ notwithstanding-as if the day was drawing nigh when " Judah shall not vex Ephraim, and Ephraim shall not envy Judah." Every ap. ¡¡roach, however slight, to an answer to Christ's prayer, that "they all may be one," is something to be devoutly thankful for. In the interests of the whole Church of Christ, we aro glad that dividing lines are being obliterated and unity becoming more possible. Some of the Extreme Right, both in Episcopacy and Prcsbyterianism, may take offence at recent occurrences, and protest against them. Such, however, will bo in tho minority, we think, and tho mass of both seotionB of the Church will heartily approve oftthe intercommunion, and seek that it may bo carried out to a much larger extent than as yet has been deemed either possible or practicable." THE annual meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Ci iuket Association will ho held nt the Town Hall to-morrow evening. His Excellency the Governor will preside. As a good deal of luipoitant business will bo placed before the meeting-upai t fuun the re-election of officers for ensuing year, it is to ho hnp'ed there will be a large attendance of cricketers mm members of the association. THE half-yeaily meeting of the Managers of the Savings Bunk is to be held at 11 o'clock this morning. : THE Lake River hounds aro to meet at Campbell Town on Friday, September 13, at 11-at) o'clock. AN unclaimed telegram is lying at the local office, addressed to S. Wnrdel, Eluabeth-street. ' 