Mr. D'Arcy Read's Entertainment. Mr. Read gave the first of his peculiar enter tainments at the Ather seum- hal), Wednesday: to a very namerons audience. The nature of Mr. Read's exhibition has, to a certain extent, been maae familiar here by Dr. Silvester, the Fakir of Oola; but in Read's case the results obtained by his clever application of the prin ciple of the phaatoscope, or, as Mr. Read pats it, the spectrescope, are much more complex, infinitely more amusing, and incomparably greater. To the eye, the fittings and para phernalia of tfee stage are similar to those of the Fakir, but the superiority of Mr. Read's manifestations are incontestable- They are, to a certain extent, due to a clever combination of real and phantom fignres, in which both play parts of equal importance — the real one vanishing behind the spectral, these' latter in turn being replaced by the real, whiles the exits and entrances are accomplished- nnseen by the skilful manipulation of the lights and mechanical appliances. The first portion of; the exhibition represents the .interior of a » church, in which a newly-made knight ia keeping vigils over his armour. A series off visions appear, but, like the good St. Anthony, he is firm against temptation, true to his ladye," and -so goes through scatheless. After this- there is a Ohusty Minstrel entertainment, the three real sable gentlemen suddenly vanishing the exact spots and chairs occupied by them being failed with three phantoms in white, the con trast in colour forming a very striking illusion The songs and jokes here are alike of ancient flavour, but the scene terminates with an all- round fight between the niggers and the ghosts in which each is mixed with the other in in describably ludicrous confusion, solid fists being: thrust clean through phantom trunks and heads and spectral bodies distorted into fantastic and: amusing shapes. The finale is called " The Ghosts' Revels in the Haunted House," this- being the most laughable portion. There i& & ghostly landlady, and ghostly dancers and singers, which in turn give place to Iwing ones ; and, at last, these climb np walls, walk on tbeir heads, roll and float- in the air, appear ing in turns in the flesh npon the stage, until the audience roar with the laughter and fun of it all. The dialogue is poor and pointless, and if this were remedied, Mr. Read's exhibition wonld be as inimitable as it is at present nnique. Some little stiffness perceptible will be reme died as the actors and gas-man settle down to their work. The entertainment will be repeated, every evening. 