THE MYSTERIES OF CEIME; OB, THE EXPEEIENGB9 OF AH EDnrB¥BGH Detective. — No, JiXXTX, ] [Published by special arrangement with, the '. Author.] RUN TO EARTH— THE LAST OF THE RUFFIAN. « On the same night and about the same hour that Simon Penbank was feeling the power of an artless and innocent child, the Ruffian, a few streets further south, was ; making a series of experiments and prepara tions which must have atruck a novice as both curious and mysterious. Apparently he had now given un all hone of finallv evading the dozens on his track — he had one debt to pay — he might be nipped up at : any moment, and he therefore worked with ' a haste and boldness worthy of a better cause. He was preparing for a last stroke before either submitting to imprisonment or escaping fromthe locality. His neck, as yet, was saf e= — Mr. McGregor, being in a fair way towards recovery ; to keep it so and at the same time commit murder, with Mclndoe for the victim, appeared to have been now Ms sole aim. I might make many a reflection on the strange fatality of the 'hist grand stroke' which seems to lure criminals, even on the very brink of the gallows, to destruction, but a glance at the title of this sketch is a sufficient comment. But to commit a murder and yet remain scathless Is so easy task — no matter what people mav continually din into our ears as to the efficiency of the police — and to accomplish the crime his time was not only in danger of being limited, but his funds were ab-^ solutely nowhere. Observe, then, the rapipity with which bis keen wits enabled } -h$tmd *-f ^t^l^e^sf^^ugf?^: ; cupation - at *$& 3 ^oment7/w^ena^ejl»ftnj;rit Iwjas fcging pulled ^ap ^y^eB|pii^SKfPa».'r fto drift hencef«^^Bi^^|^ip§^»^^^ ftion, for the reader's comfort I mil :g&fe;|-fe to'titertinite of ^ hfe d88p&a;]to:;le8§ feomJJw .flying train, -..-? : ^-- C: ij^o-j^^^'v - ? ? 1 l3^4leJtfcj^dp^|md/^J^^jr0^'rfllt^s 'iin rther mail train piiles jU|^n. jnilpsrrjir$Pei: Edinburgh, the Ruffian ; was. limping bftQk in j the direction he had^cpjiie, notKmuchy?f;ha 1 worse of the jump bodily, but with every f ; one of 'Ms «# pafisions-aW^e;r5agatia5t'ltlie : man - who had so often ti?wa?te4 r kj3' :«V9* ??? plans. Every article 'ol. yftlue: in his jjos ;- session— with; ; the exception ; roj the . Jmife - jstolen,. from. Jkhri; McGyego? -.. ^n4i -iSa., ! clothes he wore— was goi^d witii -#ha*. omj . wrench on the top of; thV train. ? - He i^ould ?not go near aflinglethieyes? Iwunt^withottt^ danger of being ii^tantiy pounced upon scnir delivered up— he did not dream of com-^ mitting a robbery; of . any Mad ? in rbroadk I daylight— and yet without money he. :cpuli .*. procure no shelter^ What, then, was to bo done E He slunk round Jms city debiting the point, and finally settled, it when lie got , in at the south side. Slipping into a pa wn- shop, he took off the overcoat-he wore, and offered- it in pledge. The coat was a good one, and, after a deal of haggling, 'he at last got six shillings upon, it, and left. Two hours after the coat was picked up by one of our staff, identified at a glance,., and, rempve{i,.along with the assistant who had .' taken it in, to the Of^e.' We had now certain knowledge that the man had re turned to Edinburgh ; but there, in spite of., every vigilance and keen hunting-, our knowledge for the present ended. Mean while the Ruffian ? had only gone round, to Richmond-street ; ; and, seeing a ' Lodgings' ticket sticking out from the window of a top flat suitable for his purpose, he went up and asked to see the room. The woman, a respectable hard-working, widow, topk him in without suspicion— a fact not surprising,, seeing that he had now removed the old man's wig from his head, -and strutted in Mr. McGregor's best suit of superfine blacks. At a glance, the woman set him down as a Jew, and his first words seemed to confirm the opinion. \- ' I am a traveller visiting Edinburgh on business for a few weeks; and I want a room, cheap, and with a good out-look.' He glanced steadily at the room and its contents; but what surprised the woman was that he appeared more anxious about the outside of it than any of the comforts within. He very deliberately opened the window, and scrutinised long andanxiously the cornice or ornamental ridge running along underneath the window to the roof : of the next house, which happened to be a storey lower iu height. Then, apparently satisfied, he came in, closed the window, and, after a long haggle, engaged the room at 5s. a week, half of which he paid in ad vance, as a kind of security, he lof tly re marked, ' till bis luggage should arrive.'* This done, he expended a shilling on food, and then lay down and slept so soundlyf from sheer 'exhaustion, till 8 o'clock at Eight, that the landlady became alarmed and woke him. I mention these- stern and pure facts, not only to put the real position of things before the reader, but to show that the ' glorious ease' and vaunted hap piness'' of great criminals are the most at trocious lie and deceptive myth that ever polluted this earth : and that they who paint criminal life otherwise are the most pernicious of romancers. The Ruffian, though a good deal startled at the call, smiled grimly when the woman called him a ' sound sleeper.' '. . ' I am a sound sleeper, as you may find before long,' he impressively remarked. **' Remember this, every night at 10 o'clock I lock my room door and go to sleep ; and on -no account must I be rousediwfore 8, orclock*next morning. Will you remember?' The woman stared, but gave the required promise, and afterwards remarked/'when describing her new lodger to the; green grocer at'the foot of the stair, that ' Tha» Jews,:even when they're week off i are the maist fyky folk I ever had to deal wi' '— a trifling remark in itself,' but -destined to lead to something in the hands of Symon Penbank. Precisely at 10 o'clock^ after taking- some supper, the Ruffian locked his room door; and shortly after the light went out and all was still. But he was neither in bed nor asleep. He merely waited patiently till every one else was asleep in the house, and then softly opening his window he got out on the stbne ledge— scarcely six inches broad— and walked steadily along to the roof of the next house. iNearly every window opposite was dark or blinded, and he imagined that his movements in the pitch darkness were unseen, but such was not the case. . A sick, bed-ridden woman in a garret opposite saw nearly all his movements. But she neither wondered nor gave any alarm. 'It's only some students at their mad pranks,' she said to herself. She had after wards good reason to think otherwise. Arrived at the roof of the next house, the Ruffian crossed the pinnacle to the. other side, and felt the hatch leading down to the stair carefully all over. It was strongly fastened with an iron staple and padlock on the other side. He wrenched at it, prized at it, and sweated and curSed over it till he was black in the face ; but in vainr-the hatch would not yield. Con vinced of this at last, he seated himself on the slates beside it, and very deliberately cut away the soft wood around the fasten ings of the staple till only a thin shaving held the nails, which could thus be wrenched away at a moment's notice. This done, lie gathered up every atom of a chip or shaving, pocketed them, and got back to his room once more by means of the ledge. ?*'??_ The only, thing of importance that oc curred next day was that he complained to the widow of feeling cold the night before, and asked the loan of some old clothes — some moleskins which had belonged to her husband — to throw on top of the bed. Then at ten o'clock, as before, the widow heard him lock his room door ; and shortly after she herself locked and barred the outer door of lie house — removing the key and placing it for safety under her own pillow — and was soon fast asleep. About two hours after this— that is, close upon midnight—- Mclndoe. and I were stand i ing at that part of the Potterrow where \ Mddleton's Entry leads through to Bristo street, conversing for a few moments before finally parting for the night; We hadftsm , ? ?? ?'?-??. * .?,;??'?-??:. t-» the hunt together the whole day long, and irere iiot only thoroughly tired oat, inftl&eginning; to despair of swcess as%elL Of 1&e; two, however, I am constrained to Admit MHndoe was by far the most fear lees a»d confident as to the issue j while as for danger to himself he positively scouted : the idea. 'What oarm can lie do ae?' he had Carelessly remarked to me that very after noon. * Kill me 1 What then P. . My - life . is*of no value, and he Would certainly be liung after it, so my debt -would-be paid off as effectively as if I myself had strangled him.' « Keep a sharp look-«mt— that's the best advice I can give you. Remember his last words -when he leaped from the train,' I bow said to him, as I=shook hands for the laet'time before going through the entry towards my own home. « I will — but he -will know better than to «6me* near me,' was his reply, and thus with a hearty good-night we parted — he ' going leisurely alosg the Potterrow ia the ?direction of theHflirse Wynd,and I striding through the entry towards Charles-street, I had scarcely left his side for three seconds when, by some unaccountable im pulse, I ran back to the street to catch him if possible, and give him some direction as to next day's work which had escaped my memory. Locking along the dark .and narrow street, I could just discern his figure and bo more. He was passing a common stair, which, by some peculiarity in the building, jutted out on the pavement close to the gutter, and just as his coat sleeve touched the open lintels in passing I caw him stagger back as if he had been shot — right into the middle of the causeway — giving out a sudden scream of agony, and then throwing his arms wildly about before he dropped on the ground. I ran like lightning, thinking he had taken a fit, though it afterwards struck me that the stagger was more as if he had been suddenly pushed back from the stair- mouth by some one with a strong arm ; and, as I did so, my eye, from resting on his stricken figure, was for a moment, and a moment only, taken up by what appeared the shadow of a man, attired in moleskins or some such light-colored apparel, vanish round the jutting stair into the darkness beyond. The glimpse was so transient, and the action so unlikely under the circum stances, that for an instant I put it down as a kind of ocular deception ; but when I reached Melndoe's side my eyes were opened. . . 'The Ruffian! The Ruffian J' he gurglingly gasped out, pressing his hand on his side, from which the dark blood was slow welling in a hot stream. 'Tin. stabbed, and he has done it. Leave — me — get — him !' and with the last words pain fully groaned out lie fainted away in my arms. I could not leave him, much as I wished to pursue his sudden and. invisible assailant, but with desperate strength I managed to raise him in my arms, and run 'with him as far as College-street, whence a policeman helped me the remainder of the distance to the Infirmary. A hurried statement of this man while we were on the way to the In firmary coincided in a remarkable degree with my owh ideas as to the dress of the assailant. Only a few seconds before I ap peared he had seen a man in moleskins dash round the corner from the Potterrow at an extraordinary speed, and vanish down Drummond- street like a flying speetre. Leaving SIcIndoe in the hands of the doctor and nurses — with the addition of ^fosie as soon as he should arrive — I went straight to the houses of the principal men on the staff, and together we organised a plan for a systematic scouring of the whole city for the fugitive. Now, I daresay if we had only been allowed time we would have come upon -some traces of the quarry ; but our plan was slow as well as sure, and be fore we were well begun, another was on the trail — one whose scent was to prove keener than all ours put together. That ether was Simon Penbank. It happened that my part in the hunt was to try to discover any one who had lent, sold, or in assy tway furnished another with a suit of moleskins; and though in the weary task I was anything but successful, the hunt at least brought one good thing «,bout — a chance meeting with the seedy spy at the door of a broker in the Pleasance. ' Have you heard the news ?'? I abruptly began, too concerned to notice that he wore an unusually elated and happy expression of countenance. * I have not,' he replied with a bow. *' The fact is, I have to- day been engaged in a new line — working — behold! a shil ling !' and he held out the silver coin triumphantly in his hand. 'Start not, my dear Jamie ; and do not trouble yourself to dilate those detective nostrils with that peculiar sniff — the coin is good — sterling — and my own, honestly earned. A friend of mine in the Cowgate had another friend who had some accounts to deliver — I de livered them, and behold — twelvepence 3' and he displayed the solitary coin with more exultation and glee than I had before _:seen him show in exhibiting a sovereign won by treachery. '?.What!' I exclaimed, so startled and Incredulous, as to forget for the moment my immediate business. 'Do you mean to telLme that any one trusted you to draw money for them ?' ' Thejaccounts were not receipted,' was the smiling and undisturbed reply. ' But in one case I was requested to sign it, and actually received the money.' ' Did ywai steal it, then ?' I coolly en quired, fully expecting a gloating amrma tiwe 'Sir, you speak in ignorance, and I for give you,' was the dignified rejoinder, ** When last me/sxet, my dear Jamie, I was & thief — now I am -an honest man !' ' Indeed ?' I sneered, grinning out into a laugh. ' There is . oae particular at least in which you stick to ffcur old profession — you are a great liar.' ' Wrong again — I aai not lying, and I did not steal the money, .but delivered it safely into the hands of my employer. ' Listen,' and with uncommon earnestness he proceeded to lay before mt- the details embodied in theTast sketch. I heard the story in silence anu1 without comment, having little faith in any perma nent change in such a hardened and' well eeasoned rascal, and then suddenly remem bered the question; I had put at first. ' I have heard nothing of- Mclndoe no:* of any of the profession— I am now of an other World — the world of honesty,' was his grave reply . ? . ', ?£hen he's stabbed by tiie Ruffian, And lying at death's door almost,' I abruptly put in. 'Fm i-n' the hunt for htm iidw, and if diligence and patience fcttii accotn jBfih his capture 1 mean to expend them freely.' ' - ' ? '- ? ? :: ' ? ? ? ? -? 'Good God!' It was all he said,and he stAggerelbaek, as if for once lie 'was really concerned about the misfortttne of another, 'Stabbed, did you say?' he faintly gasped *t last. -? Who saw Jt ? Where was it done ? For Heaven's mke, tell me all about it.' His face, as t gradually disclosed the facts so far as theyVere known to me, was ' a strange study. Slowly and surely it lighted up with a determination and flushed 'eagerness* that I had never before seen among its pimples 5 and then when I had finished he grasped me -tightly by the hand. ? 'If any detective powers possessed by me will. land the murderous scoundrel in the salt box it shall be done !' he cried. ' Mclndoe has been kind to me^-more so ' than any human being — and I will fight for . him in return though I should lose my own life in the struggle! There, that's more ;than I ever said before, and my life is of some valae now, for I have some one to live for — namely, Steve Penbank, my adopted grandson. I have vowed to bring him up to honesty and a useful life, and I could not keep the oath if the Ruffian pre ? sented me with six inches of cold steel — ' which he would do as soon as look at me. Yes, all »ow depends on his being run to earth.' These words came out in a hurried, : excited gabble, quite unlike his usual dainty and perspicuous talk — which I could' liken to nothing but a man stepping, gingerly among eggs — and his enthusiasm uncon sciously communicated itself to me. For the first time in my life I shook the mans hand without a loathing shudder. One quick and emphatic statement of his rather pulled me back. 'You have searched among thieves, fences, and brokers f or-some one who might have lent him the moleskins — you might have saved yourself the trouble. He might as well walk into the Office as go near any of them — the whole hue and cry is against him, and he knows it. Now, mark me, my opinion is that he has got them from some honest, unsuspicious laborer. More, the stabbing was done in the Potterrow — he ran off by College-street and Drunxmond etreet — believing himself unseen. Well, the pawnshop where the overcoat was left and found is only a street off from the same place, and he would naturally take the quickest cut for shelter. Take my advice, look for him somewhere round about that quarter. Youknowhowhe deceived Mr. McGregor — believe me he has got nestled into some honest man's family, or some decent lodging-house, where they don't take in papers, and are not likely to suspect his real character. Why, it would be his only chance — between that and the bleak hills he would have no choice. Come on now, let's take the streets together — go over them stair by stair, flat by flat, and meet every half hour at a given point.' The proposal was so eagerly and confi dently given, that though not at all con vinced of the soundness of his deductions, I at once agreed, and we separated at the foot of Adam-rstreet to our difficult task. It was now dusk, but that made little differ ence to us, as some of the stairs we had to explore were nearly as dark by day as at night. Nothing of importance turned up with either of us, till Simon Penbank turned into a green-grocer's in Richmond street, where his stereotyed manoeuvres at last elicited something like a clue. ' A beautiful evening, ma'am,' he sweetly began, bowing profoundly. 'I will take a ha'p'orth of peppermint balls, if you please. I find them good for killing a crave for something stronger. Thank you, ma'am. Yes, it is a remarkably fine night — cold, but very clear for November. Moleskin clothes, I believe, are very good for keeping out the cold — do you not hear any of your numerous customers say so ?' ' My customers i&maistly; women,1' laugh ingly returned the woman, ' and there's Dane o' them wears moleskins.' u True, true — ha, ha ! A very good joke that of yours, Mrs. Grocer,' graciously re turned Simon, with a look of great 'sim- plicity, 'but their husbands — p'r'aps you have heard their opinion on the subject ?' ' I dinna ken onybody that wears mole skins aboot here,' said the woman, begin ning to wondei, probably, at his persistence. ' There was that consumptive auld mason at the tap o' the stair used to wear them — but he's deid.' 'Ah, dead — em — that's unfortunate,' said Penbank, gravely stroking his chin, as if the question at stake had been a serious one. ' And I suppose now he hasn't got a successor ?' ' What's that?' asked the woman, simply. 'Ha, ha! very good, Mrs. Grocer,' pleasantly laughed Penbank in a way that made her think she had said something witty. 'You woman folks have always the advantage of us poor men. By a suc cessor I mean, of course, as you know, another man in the -house.' 'Houts! is that a'? Na, na— she'll never marry again — man she's an auld body that lives by keeping lodgers, and daein' a bit sewin'noo an' again; There's no a man in the house the noo but a daft Jew that's ta'en her room for a week or twa.' 'A what!' The words came out with a shout. Pen bank had staggered back white to the lips, And with every banter and smile driven in a flash from his cunning face. The woman was frightened at the sudden change, and gave slight scream. 'A Jew, I said,' she stammered out. ' There's nathing wrang in that is there ?' 'Nothing in the word, my dear madam, nothing in the world,' hastily rejoined Simon, recovering himself in a moment. ?'You .will excuse my start when I tell you ±he;cause. I am in search of a dear friend — a Jew, quite a young man — to whom ?quite a considerable debt is owing, but who persistently .refuses to accept of the same, di, happiness J if my dear friend is found «t last! Excise this emotion, ma'am — this excitement gad haste — but believe me, your information -shall not go unrewarded. The stair, you said, sras quite close at hand, did you not? Ipeeitively long to clasp him ia these arms. ' Jist at the door 4fcere— the tap flat,' said the woman, beginniogv I regret to say, to think : Penbank an escaped lunatic, and not sorry to see -him away. 'Follow your nose up the stair, an' ye fauna miss the door,' ? ?;?;. : Simon needed no second telling. In one minute he stood panting on the top flat' of ? the sfaXh applying a gentle knock to the floor Tof the house in which the Raman at that moment lay hidden. The door was [ opened by ths widow herself, who was in stantly drawn outside by. the excited, spy, who addressed her in a whisper— - ? : 'Excuse me, madame, but I believe you ? have * Jew lodging ia this house. I am in search of a friend who has failed to for ; ward me his address, and Whom I hope to ;fmd identical with -the gentleman in .yotir room. Tell -me, did he bring any thing anto the house with him — bundles, bags, luggage?' ' Not a tag— bis luggage ia no come yet,n was the astonished woman's reply. ' He hadn't, for instance, a suit of mole* skins with him ?' ': 'No.' ' Nor you didn't lend him a suit t« put on?' . 'No.' The woman told a lie; but I am con vinced she did it unconsciously. At the moment probably she had quite forsrolten the fact of lending her lodger the old things '** to throw on top of his. bed,' and it was certainly true that she did not lend him theni 'to put on.' The mistake was a natural one, but it bothered Penbank; though not nearly so much as her next answer, which completely staggered him. ' When did he come in last night ?' he faintly asked. ' He never was out all day.' ' Well, when did he go out at niirhf ?' impatiently pursued Penbank. 'He never was out all night; he went to bed at 10 o'clock, after locking his door, as he always does, and didn't rise till 8 this morning.' ' You're sure of that ?' Penbank's last hope was vanishing. ' Quite sure — I could swear it. I locMt the ooter door mysel' at half after 10, an' had the key alow my piily a' nicht ; so he couldna hae gae oot unless he gaed through the keyhole.' Penbank was staggered, but he had so built himself up on the discovery and capture that he could not relinquish it without a struggle- He questioned the widow minutely — turned everything upside down and inside out — f ound out everything about her lodger — his appearance, the clothes he wore, and the exact amount of money he had been known to expend, and in all the facts tallied with those already in his possession ; but the locked doors were a dead case of alibi; and very slowly and reluctantly Penbank was forced to give in, and retire. In a dreamy mechanical way, he .got down the stairs and into the street once more, and then took a despairing glance up at the window ticketed — 'Lodgings/' ' Had the window been on the slates, I could have still believed the Jew and the Ruffian to be one ; but from that window there is no escape, even for a monkey — riot a solitary gutter or pipe that he could have clung to. But, stop, there's a ledge of stone under the window, broad enough for afoot hold ; standing on that, and blessed with a stronger nerve than I possess, one might easily walk the short , distance to the ad joining roof, and that, if it has an open or unfastened hatch, would complete the means of exit. Let me explore the next stair — the hatch may confirm my idea.' The twilight was deepening rapidly, but here was still sufficient for his purpose; and, without a moment's delay, he turned into the next stair, and reached the top flat, where, by climbing on the wooden railing, he raised himself to a level with the hatch, which he had no sooner glanced at — freshly cut away as it was with a knife, and the staple wrenched off and dangling loose — tfcan he dropped down on the stair with a whoop of delight. ' Blast him and his devilish cunning, I thought so V he breathlesslv exclaimed ; 'it is the Ruffian after all? He little thought that it was sot the police alone, but Simon Penbank against whom he had pitted his wits. Now for a grand swoop — a royal pounce !' He was down the stair with extraor dinary swiftness— intending to look for me and then visit the Ruffian— but while he had been Jurying and investigating, another — the principal man concerned — had not been idle. The Ruffian had heard the subdued whispering at the door, had sniffed danger in a moment, and as soon \ as possible after the closing of the outer door had sauntered carelessly into the widow's kitchen and gleaned as outline of the facts. Then his frightful oaths and convulsed face almost drove the poor woman into fits, and before she knew where she was he was out of the house and down the stair like a flash. Thus it was that, just as Penbank de scended the last of the stairs, and was about to walk out of the entry, he saw a form and face flash past its mouth, whichj uncertain as was the mingled light of gloaming and street lamps, he instantly recognised as that of the Ruffian. Right out south he glided at a pace that almost took the breath out of the body of the spy gliding in his wake, through Richmond street and St. Leonard's towards the Queen's Park. Penbank groaned as he saw the direction, but brightened a little as he came in sight of St. Leonard's Police Station, with the . Inspector standing bareheaded at the door. 'McGovan's about Richmond -street somewhere,' hastily panted out the spy, pausing in his run. ' Get him at once — I'm ? . fter the Ruffian, who stabbed Mclndoe last ight, and he's gone down towards the Queen's Park. Send as many men down s fter me as you can get, and telegraph at ; once to the High Office— quick !' and he was off almost before the old man had drawn a breath. Down at the Park he again caught sight of the gliding shadow of the hunted man cutting along St. Leonard's Hill, and past the ' Echoing Stane' towards Hunter's Bog. At the top of the slope running down to the Bog itself he lost the figure, but luckily stumbled suddenly on one of the Park rangers. 'CutaloDg the face of the hill by the path and intercept, if possible, a man — a Jew — flying towards the Whinny Hill !' he shouted. 'The police are after him. If you meet any one, send them to the gates with word to stop all suspicious characters, and directions to the police where to find me.' : The man ran right along under Arthur's Seat, and Penbank plunged without hesi tation down towards the dreary' valley. There we found him poking about among ; Jhe spring-wells, whine, and rocky corners, asd the shout of joy he gave when the greM-coated forms and shining hats of /the swarnl of policemen, burst upon his view was southing to be remembered. It was quite dark jtow, but the mo»n wasf gathering strength? and as another; party-/ Beaded by McSweeny were entering the ? valley by the other end) the chances^of the j fugitive to escape were becoming fewer and \- fewer, if , «s Penbank insisted, he really had \ not left the valley, having been intercepted \ and cbased back at the other end by two of ! the rangers. ; ; ' ?** I saw him about here,' said the excited spy, poking anxiously about in. the ditch, : about a foot wide- that drained the valley 1 from end to end. ' I'm certain it was he *, ; but the moment Isighted him a great stone ?caught my feet and took me down on my face, and m that brief moment he vanished.' 'Spread- the men out on every side, and let the ditch be raked from end to end,' I quickly ordered ; and the thing was scarcely done and the ditch raked by Penbank and myself for some twenty yards, when the Ruffian rose, dripping and muddy, from among the rushes and dashed straight up the brae — the only unguarded point — in the direction of the disused quarry. The shout echoing out behind him he answered with a snarl like that of a hunted wolf; but in stead of flying down into the quarry, as I had expected, he cut round it and took a slant towards the edge of Salisbury Craigs. Almost to the last— half-way down the valley — I could see his figure clear agaiust the sky ; but when I had reached the top of the hill — within fifty feet of the flying man — with the policemen swarming up on every side, he vanished ! Yes, how he went, or where he went I could not for the life of me guess; but he disappeared like a shot, or a ghost among moonlight. We backed, halted, surrounded the spot on every side, searched it minutely all over, but could find not a trace of the ; Ruffian cr the means he had used to elude us. At last some one said — ' P'r'aps he stumbled and fell over the rocks, and may be now lying smashed into atoms down on the Radical Road ?' I thought the thing unlikely, but in stantly sent a party round to explore ; but in an hour they returned with the news that not a trace of him living or dead was to be found from the one end of the path to the other. Still unsatisfied, I got lights and made the round myself, and then the whole mystery was revealed. Not on the path, but on a ledge of the precipice about seven feet above it, % ghastly white face . hung backwards over the rock, with dangling hair and features even in death ; convulsed like those of a mangled tiger ; and in the face I at once recognised that of ' the hunted man. He had stumbled in j cutting along too near the edge, and gone over head foremost, plump down on the ledge, where with a fractured skull and broken neck all that remained of him now lay, a thing to shiver and shudder at. The body was removed in the course of the night, and in the morning, I myself took the news in to Mclndoe in the in firmary. To my surprise he clasped his hands,' burst into tears, and said — ' I can die now — peacefully — happily.' But he was not to die for all that. Nosie7 and the nurses, and the doctor, and his own wonderfully tough system pulled him steadily through ; and in a few weeks he was again walking like a grey shadow through the streets. There for the present I will leave, him ; and say a last word about Simon Penbank. The detective skill shown by him in this last affair called from my lips the sugges tion that he would make a capital detective. The hint was instantly leaped at, but I at once damped his ardor by coolly adding — 'Of course in Edinburgh, or even in England, such a thing is out of the ques tion — no one would trust you for a moment in such an onerous position. But in America — there's the field for your genius. New York abounds in rogues even greater than yourself, and as tne authorities are not over particular you can easily get on the staff with a very few recommendations from this side of the water. Once in office, I'll back you to stand your ground against any one.' ' But you, my dear Jamie,' put in the subtle flatterer with a smile — 'against any one but you. However, I will give your suggestion my gravest consideration.' The hint was eventually acted upon — rand the spring found Simon Penbank, Esquire, : with his ' grandson' Steve Penbank, .on ; board a clipper of the Black Ball Line, bound for New York. I wish I had room to detail his various successes in the land of his adoption. How he rose steadily— ; was transplanted to Louisville— became \ lieutenant of police — and finally rose to the . magistracy itself. But time and space for- ' bid. With his gracious bow and grand air, : his smirking, smile and sublime dignity, he ' now passes from my sketches, and will be r heard of no more. I can never think of *' this remarkable reformation and the means by which it was effected, without remem bering the words of one of the Old Testa ment prophets — 'A Ljtixe Child shall lead them:.': I To be continued. ) 