r MACBETH. ) Mr. Thomas: Kenny, a clever essay- \ ist, and who has written most ably on 1 the subject of " Alacbetli," oharact.r- ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime \ and terror relieved by the most mag- f nificent imaginative expression," yet ) . marked with great simplicity of general \ design. 1 lie date ot tlie production ol ( the piece is set by Funiival at 1605-6, ) and " we may take it for gninted," J says Kenny, " that it .was written in ( the time of James the First, who ) ascended the throne March, 1603, as it v contains an evident allusion to that ( monarch in act iv. scene i, and also a ) complimentary reference to him inan- ( other part, 'Tlie material for the play was found by Shakespeare in Holin- ) shed's History of Scotland, where the L slory of Macbeth is told at page 168." f The Macbeth and Duncan , are rcjire- 1 sentcd to have been cousins; the first ( a v.aliant gentleman but of cruel dispo- ) sitioii, and the' latter' " so soft and % gentle in his nature th.nt the people C wished the inelination and mamiers of / the two to have been so. tempered, and \ interchangeably shared betwixt them ( that where the one had too much of j clemency and the other of cruolt)',. the J main virtue belweeh these two cxtre- ( initios might have reigned by indiffer- i ent partition in them both. The play \ all along keeps close to the' line of ( Holinshed, varying from it in. scarcely > any particular except in the non- appearance in the b.anquet scene of the f murdered Banquo's ghost." ) This tragedy has been presented in L Melbourne we believe oftener than any / other of Shakespeare's works. The \ late G. V. Brooke, .Charles Ke.an, C Charles '\''incent, in their time essaycil ) the part, and we have had other repre- N sentativcs, from the burly McKeaii (; Buchanan and James Anderson to the ) little - dapper J. B. Howe. .. But few \ . artists ; have made' jtheir Melbourne r in the role of the Thane of Cam- / dor. Of those who have; we now call J to mind Air. C. W. Barry, at the The- ( atre Royal, July 2, i860, Mrs. Charles Poole suppottiiig him as Lady Mrt«- \ heth, Mr. Henry Edwards as Ma ediif, Mrs. Wintcrbp'ttom .ax / the principal: sihging witches were Mrs; \ Hancock and the -late Julia Matthews. Y Previous te that, on Aug. 25, 1858, at ./ the same theatre, there burst upon the i V theatrical / firm.ament an 'Australian f Ro.sciiis, 'Master Edward Pole, aged ) 14\. -Ke also pkyed the part, which as -A a feat of memory was extremely won- f derful. riiis gentleman has long left i tlic stage .and become a " family man," f and now follows the prosaic business ( of a thriving paperlianger. » At the time of the " Ghost" sensa- \ tion in Melbourne, in 1863. this tragedy C Was revived to be produced with Pep-. ) pcr's ghost clTect.s," which . were an- \ iiounced as " combiningTtie real with ( the ideal, the scientific and the poeti- i cal, the positive and the illusory." with thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- ( market Theatre, August 22, 1863, avhen i under the man.agement of the late \ yamcs Simmond-s. The part of Mag- ( heth was alternately played by Messrs. ' j R. Younge niid Henry Edwards, the ' Lady Maebeth was by the late charm- ) jiii! .Annie Lockliart. . . \ ' 'it was' ill the part 'of the " Thane's \ guilty wife'' that , Miss -.Goddmd (Mrs. ( Cape') mride her bow libefoie- a -LMel- J boiinic audience, at the i-lie'atfe-R'byal, ' August 24, 1857. tlm.latc G.y, Brooke ( .appuariiig'as M'adheth. ' \ / The Opera, pf:" Maebeth," by Verdi, j has been presented in Afclbounie by t Awo different companies af-!iin\ihterval J " of kwelv'e'ye.ars,', ' The fiV'sf'pfoduction ' ' iVarit' the Theatre Royal, September ( )'8, 1860, with the?Biaiichi Opera, t-ipm- J -'pany;-: Signora- Bianchi undertook tlie ' -.music of 'Lry/// .MtfcJdZ/i, Sigiior Biancbi (, Maediifi Emile.Cpulon Macbeth, John : Gregg -Aa/ti/wr), Walter Slierwin ' Ma Z- L wiZw.'and Mr, John Winterbottom was I conductor of the orchestra. The se- cbiid time the Opera was revived was ( lat the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. 1 \V-,S- Lyster and Cagli. The title role (i<ldcbiiihO was allotted to Signor ( Tpurnerie, Mc-iodnff to Signor Leandro . Coy, Bani/uo to Signor Dondi, MaZ- colin to -Signor Benso, Pliyslcidh to ( Signor Favas, Gentlemoman to Signora . : Tourner!e, and Lady Macbeth to ' S>ig- nora Zenoni. ( 