[?] ''HE W1N?3 WHO WAITS." ' by &ROSVSTTOR; ZBTHSTSTER, Author of "John Hortfm's Ward," "Mark Feiton," " The B 3st Man Wins," " Caleb Thoi .11100," &o.; CHAPTER XX f. ( Confirmed :) "See don't act now, I tell you," cried the stout actor. . , " No, she writes tr iles and plays, and all that," cried Mr. Todd, eagerly. " Then you know her?" "No, no; but, as I tell you, my friend. Harrington got mix ed up with some annoy ance about some jewellery. There was a; certain ring — an antique — " " Very large, plain stone. I -know it," said Mr. Todd, pro ud to be able to take a large share of the conversation. "iYou knowit?" eehoedYiekers. "Tut — nonsense — it was stolen !" " Well, all I can say is that if it was stolen she's got it back. Maybe," went on Mr. Todd, with a nod of sagacity/ " the spirits got it back for her ; for she's a great medium, they tell me, and a leading card in the pack of nonsense that'aihe fashion nowadays. "Why, what's the matter? -Surety you don't believe in that humbug?" Mr. Vickers had fallen back in his \- chair, his cheeks pale, his eyes distended, and staring at vacancy. "D — me," said some one, "the manls going to have a fit. Here, Vickers,- "-swal low, this,"'. and he forced some wine down his throat. " Did you see nothing ?" asked Yieters, in a hollow voice. " Ha, ha ! well done, and well acted ! By George 1 any one of us might have been proud of the performance," cried the stout actor. But that Vickers was not acting, others saw. "Pshaw!" he presently muttered/ in answer to Mr. Todd's inquiries, "'twas a .passing delusion. I could have sworn -I saw a shadow passing slowly through the -room." " Oh !" shrieked the ladies. "Lord ! you don't say so ?" : said Mr. Todd, junior, whose naturally sub stantial and practical order of miud scouted guoli impassabilities as impossibilities. '"You've been eating lobster salad, re member. That's your shadow, take my word for it. Chumple, hand Mrs. Visavis the claret and Mr. Todd set himself to put matters >iu their' natural order. So far he was successful that presently everybody, even Vickers himself, seemed to have -for gotten what the tragedian in the company aptly called tli9 ghost scene. But, when Yickers had departed with the rest of the company, Todd, junior, smoking one of his remarkable pipes, reflected on, the matter. ' "Deuced odd," said he.- " But I've a happy thought. I'll run . ffown to-morrow and see Miss Bertha. It will be a capital exonse to intrude myself upon Miss Laplace . As being a pieoe of information 1 in the; spiritist line; sbo can't but thiak me welcome." . And foil of this brilliant idea, Todd, junior, retired to his couch. Next morning, or rather afternoon — for Mr. Todd now slept 'far into the day, both as a matter of fashionable custom, and also because ho needed the refreshment after his dissipations — he attired himself with great care, and rode down to the house in which' Miss Laplace resided. The lady received him with a significant smile, for it was not unknown to her that Todd, junior, cherished a secret passion for her pretty olerk. ... " Well, Mr. Todd," said she, for Mr. Todd had long managed to secure an introduction to the authoress, "how do you do? Do you bring me any news of the gay world, or is ybur-visit-intended for Miss Bertha ?" ." Oh, come now," criad Todd, junior, wag- Iging-'his 'flsxible nose. " Don't now, really, /Of coarse I shall be delighted — charmed to weMiss'.Barnaby. Bat the fact is, I have a little news. Something I've thought , that you can 'work up,' you know, in your clever novels." "Indeed; you are doubly welcome. Sit down, Mr. Todd, and tell me all about it. And here is my fair amanuensis ready to take; down the particulars " As she spoke, Bertha,, charmingly dreBsed in summer diess and bat, entered the room. ' Mr. Todd arose and bowed pro foundly, .wagged his nose vigorously, and trusted that Miss was well— as well " as you look, you know" — suddenly truck by the idea of this handsome compli ment, 'Phig inquiry being satisfactorily arranged, he sat down again-, cleared his throat, and., with great elaboration and mpbasis, repeated rbe conversation which | had taken place at bis sapper-table on the previous evening. Miss L tplace listened in- tently; Bertha with growing excitement. vr a 'n'atoous lie," oried the latter, _ en air. Todd touched upon that portion of lckere remarks as referred to poor Har- ngton a troubles in connection with the murder and robbery Melbourne. " It is jn infamous lie and she turned upon Miss 8JVb eyes blaziD8 with indignation, th« o arn t0 its ,Ql1 height. For llTu0i Lea ?n,sy' whioh bad come to SSLm? Z, heard of Harrington's trouble, was now suddenly revived Miss Laplace Bmiled sadly. talUYK ® V yU 88y\ Berfcha- The man who is hSeJi017 WS8 the riminal- And so he w.fe:;F 1,0 otoMM -r These last words she muttered, as though to herself, the while looking dreamily before 7 her. Todd, junior, putting/ this and that together, as he afterwards observed, felt an odd idea that he - had got: mixed up with some conspiracy: in which a ring, a. ghost, a murder, and a pretty girl were all jumbled up together, And he was not far wrong. Bub-Todd,: junior, found that, in taking .advantage of his information to procure an interview with the lady of his heart, he had hardly . dene his cause much good. For Bertha —unjust, of course, as we ever are to those who bring us evil intelligence— now assumed a hauteur aud coldness toward Todd, junior, that .(to use his explanation of it to Mr. Chumple) regularly flabbergasted him. He left the house 'humbled and crushed, and riding home with as despondent an air as was consistent with a person, of fashionable habits, he repaired to a favourite billiard- room, and there drank- brandy aud water, and lost mouey to the rnarkor and his friends, :fer the remainder of the day. " Bertha," said Miss Laplace, when they wei-e alone, " do you know that I possess the gift of prescience?" " Indeed.'' And- Bertha's voice was very hard and. g etallic. "Yes, and I can tell yon that your little heart is troubled. You are jealous. You deem that I— when I was beautiful and celebrated — stole your Edward's fancy, if not affection. Is it- aot so ?" Bertha looked up — her wistful eyes filled with tears. Then the odd sympathy with her employer's nature which had filled her being when first she saw her once more ' conquered her. She fell upon the neck of her friend and wept. Then the other, with that- tender perception of the young girl's heart which grew .alike out of her past friendship (if not more) for Harriugton and her present-love for Bertha, told her the story of her meeting with the former. <£ I was very fond of him, my dear., But this I. know— he held you. dearest and best." -And so this little storm passed, and sun shine beamed again. Bub over Miss Laplace there seemed to have come a grave shadow. Her usual sprightly humour had vanished; she remained thoughtful and abstracted during the afternoon ; . and when Bertha was about to leave, she asked her to stay that night with her. "I feel lonely, dear," she said, " and as though some danger threatened me. It- is, of course, mere action of the nervous system. To-morrow we will take a holiday, and go off into the country." And so, with music and occasional talk, . the two friends passed the evening. It was. nigh upon midnight when they retired. CHAPTER XXII. old friends "and a rescue. Captain Rath, whose ship had brought a cargo of wheat from Odessa, and who, be longing to the old class of skippers, affected old class habits and haunts, had his shore quarters at a ' certain tavern near the old Corn Exchange, much frequented by foreign aud American shipmasters. Here he would sometimes retreat with a fellow-skipper or .two to smoke a cigar, arid "hist iu " the peculiar poisons which owe their origin to American inventiveness. Now it happened that npon the day upon which Mir. Todd, junior, bad waited upon Miss Laplace, and had told her his story, the captain had repaired to this tavern, which was called, if I remember aright, the " "White Horae Tavern," and there seated himself in a quiet corner to peruse some Boston newspapers with which he had provided himself. Thus he sat for some time so absorbed that be did not notice the intrusion of two persons, who, seating themselves in an opposite corner, had full view of the skipper's lean, gauut visage. Nor did he notice that presently the younger of these persons started violently, half arose, and then, checking himself, whispered to his companion, who, grizzled and olean shaven, preserved a stiff and ceremonious air, which betokened him to occupy the position of servitor or dependent, rather than that of a Bocifjd equal of the other. The two whispered together for Bome seconds. Then the younger man, who seemed somewhat -feeble, and as though he were just recovered from a bout of sickness, passed over to the captain, and laid his hand heartily on that gentle-, man's shoulder. The captain looked up with that deliberation which characterised all his movements, s<ared into the young man's face, threw his cigar iDto the grate, and then giving vent to a long whistle, seized the other's hand in both his " own, and ex claimed — " It's Ned Harrington, by th'9 etarnal rattlesnake !" "Ay, skipper," was the answer. "It is I— or, at least, so ranch as is left of me." " Wall," exclaimed the skipper, still holding the other fast by the Laud, and: shaking it /vigorously, "this: is abeout the; prettiest piece of work I've known for some time- But, sakes 1 I reckon- 1 know your face, too. Wall, du tell," and he grasped honest Benjamin — for it was he— by the; hand. , / " And when did you ar-rive, sir ?" said, he, in his American fashion. " Bat an hoar ago. We mean to start at once for the cottage." The captain started, and looked gravely into the young man's face. , " Creation," he muttered, " be don't know. Wall, neow, I'm right sorry., Bat, sir, 'tain't no use going to the cottage,'' , - , "How ? Why ?" cried Ned and Benjamin together. " Tfiar's no one thar as 'ad welcome you, I guess," was the answer. " My unole — Bertha — what of them ?" asked Harrington, exoitedly. .. , _ The skipper shook his head, .as, laying his hand upon the young man's saoulder, he said : " I.thought you'd ha knoyrn it,. lad. , Miss Bertha wrote to Auckland about it— so did I. The good oaptain is gone. He died fall three months ago. ,, The shock of this intelligence was, per haps, greater even to the man than the master. Benjamin Hail bis bead upon a table, and fairly groaned;. Presently he gobbed out ; " Forgive, me gentlemen. But, you see, I'd served Captain Barnahy, afloat and ashore, more than forty years. If I may be permitted to say so, we were more friends than master and sc-rvant. I loved him, sir," he went on, turning to Harring ton, his hard grey eyes overflowing with tears, " and when I was searching for yon, my constant prayer was that he might be spared to see us both again. And he is dead. Well, I don't care much now how soon I follow." "No, no, Ben !" cried Harrington, clasp ing his hand, " don't say that. There's Bertha yet. — the old man's darling. We will both live for her." " And where is she, sir?" asked Ben, addressing the skipper, whose self-control had been sadly tried by the affecting scene. " Where is the pretty one ?" "Safe and sound, and well," answered the skipper. "Say — I guess we'll all go down and see her. It will be new life to her. I reckon to see you two back again to hum. Bub you don't look over strong in health, Ned," he went on. " Wounded badly, skipper, in New Zea land." (To be concluded in our nex.t) GRANDMAMMA GORDEN. Although of mature age, I had fallen "so completely in my uncle's power as to give him the absolute disposal of my hand. I was brought up most unwisely — iu other words, with expectations — and consequently I was good for nothing else but to keep on expecting. I spent many years as a walking gentleman of society in London and many more in wandering to and fro upon the continent ; bub at length, when actually within bail of forty, I found my pelf once more with my legs under the mah'-gany of the Athenmutnj and with nothing to pay for the good things above it bub what came out of the pockets of a tough and somewhat peremptory old man. . He had never befote insisted upon my . marrying ; but. the reason was that he had remained in constant expeCta'ion of the. occurrence/ taking place through my own connivance. Indeed, it had been his busi- ; nese for: many yearB to interpose gently between me and ths catastrophe, suggesting now that I did not know' qnough of the lady, and again' that I knew 'too much, and 00 forth. ' ' < " The fact is, I have never been without expectations of taking a wife, always volun tarily abandoned,' till my'firet crop of grey hairs appeared. After that the difficulty was on the side of ths Iddy, and I was at length so disgusted with the unreasonableness of sex that I determined to live and die a bachelor. Just at this timo I received from my uncle a letter, which was abort end to the purpose. " Dear Nephew,— I am glad to hear of what you call a vacancy in your heart, as you will thus have no difficulty,, in fulfilling my wishes and obeying, my solemn injunc tions. .You", have, promised several times to marry, and you. must now do so. 'I have never interfered with your choice, and ,'you- are never to interfere with mine. The' widow and heiress of my old comrade Gorden is in the market. Our estates run into each other in such a wsy that you might com prise them both in the same ring fence. She is a healthy woman and not too young ; and the arrangement is that you are to be married at the end of her year of mourning, if she can fancy you. Yours affectionately, "John Mueohi son." If she could fancy me ! The widow of old Gorden, and s healthy woman indeed! What, a horrible description! I thought my uncle must have intended to try t'he exnt of my loyalty ; and I do not know now that I ever had .a fit of more , bitter reflection than while conjuring up the idea conveyed : or owipg/I suppose to the idle life I had led, I had not -yet got rid of the ideas of romance which were eo unfit for mature years like mine. >Ib was one thing to indulge my despair in old bachelorhood, and quite another to carry disappointment into: the domestic circle of an old woman. I confess, I did hope that ; Mrs. Gorden o.wed , her healthy condition to at least some lingering, remains of youth, but a second letter from my uncle, in reply to my remonstrances, dissipated at once my fond illusion by informing me that the widow's family could afford no possible objection/ her only daughter being well married. ; There was no' help for it. It .was- necessary to turn my meditations from the lady to the estate, and, if thought of the ring at all, bo fancy it within a ring fence. But the affair could not b9 slept over any. longer, and I set out for my uncle's seat, having previously signified to him my full acquiescence in his pirns. In du9 time I arrived at the little town of Sschan, distant only a few milee from my destination. It was here I heard— and with cruel . sud denness — of a circumstance connected : with my intended, which made me at first deter mine to rush back to London, and, : if necessary, take a street-sweeping, authorship, or any other desperate rescource rather than marry lhat Mrs. 'Gorden. I was passing a half-open door in the hotel, when I heard a female voice addressing a child in the terms of wise endearment "consecrated to the rising generation. "It shall go," said the voice, "and so it shall, to its own gran— granny — grannyma Gorden." .'/. ;V;. The next minute, in revpjy to my hurried ' questions, my ''fears were ''confirmed by the landlord— my intended old- and healthy bride was an'abeolute grandmother— Grandmother Gorden. . ' I had intended to go at once to my uncle's, but that was now impossible. My agitated mind heeded repose. / A' night's reflection was necessary to arm' me with ' sufficient philosophy to meet the destroyer of my peace/and, engaging a bed at thh inn, I Went out to walk In the neighbouring woodl The locality was not. chosen without a motive, for I knew that from a summit of a low hill a ! mile distanti'I'sh'ould obtain a view of Sethan Court, and felt that if anything could recon-' cile me to the idea of the healthy old widow, it would be the spectacle of her castellated mansion, seated in a park which was a very paradise of beauty. Every step I advanced reconciled me more and more to the old lady, and when I saw the indication of trout iu the stream through the trees, I was more than ever intent. ' But just at that moment a sound broke upon nay ears which conjured up . recent disagreeable astociations ; it was the cry of a ohild. My thoughts at once turned to hale, hearty, long-living grandmotherhood. Yisions of canes and Bnuff-boxes rose before my eyes, everlasting coughs rattled in my ears, and, worse than all, the glances of matrimonial love from the eyes of a grand mother froze my blood. How different was the scene that met my 6yes, as T turned the corner of a clump of treee ! This infant I had heard was lying on its back on a grassy knoll, fighting up with its little fists, and crowing, as the nurse-maids cull it, with »11 its might, while bonding over it, with eyes brimful of love and laughter, poking its tiny ribs with her fingers, snatching wiid kisses from its brow, aDd seizing its neck with her lips as if she would throttle it, knelt a young woman — a woman in the very prime and glory of her years. I did uofc think she could have been quite thirty. Her bonnet was lying on the grass, and her dishevelled hair floating in dark masses over her shoulders; but a bright radiance was on her queenly brow, jim as a voice of peremptory command was heard in her light, joyous laugh. There was a fearless self-possession iu her manner, such as years superadd to the feminine softness of youth ; and her features, originally moulded in wax, were now as firm, yet as exquisitely fine, as if they had been cut in the semi- transparent marble of Paros. "While feast ing on the beautiful picture formed by the mother and her ohild — surely that must be the relationship — a little incident occurred which disturbed them both. The infant with a shriller squeal of delight, and a more vigorous spasm of itB limbs than it had hitherto indulged iu suddenly "rolled down the knoll, crowing as it went, and the lady, with a playful yet nervous cry of surprise, stretched after it in vain as she knelt, till she measured her whole length upon the sod. Bsfore she could get up I had sprung from my ambush, caught up the truan t as it lay half smothered in daisies and buttercups, aud presented the prize to the flushed and startled mother. To describe the conversation of such a fascinating woman is impossible. She was not a woman of society, yet she was perfectly well-bred. She had spent the greater part of her life in the country, invigorating both mind and body with the .pure air of heaven, visiting town occasionally, and thus she was enabled, with the assistance of books aud the general literature of the day, to keep pace with the general pro2reoo of the world. I do not know how it was, but our acquaintanceship seemed to be ready made, and having mentioned my uncle's name, she had no difficulty in remembering his respect able friend, Mrs. Gorden. " You know Mrs. Gorden ?" said I. "Yes." "What! Grandmother Gorden!" "Yes." " I sympathise with "her /for I, too— "And breaking off with a flight Bhe held up the fairest hand in the world eo as to show: a widow's ring. . ' ' I had' not hitherto noticed her slight mourning, but I now saw that she was, a. widow, a young arid charming' 'widow, and that the infant was a pledge of a love extinguished by the grave. . She was. free, this lovely young woman, and I was about to be chained for life to Grandmother Gorden! She saw my agitation, " but of course could not comprehend its cause. ! . " Come," she said, with an angelic' smile ; "I see you don't like my venerable friend, but I am determined to reconcile you to her. She is a grandmother, it is true/ and therefore not sio young as she has been/but Bhe wears well— she is indeed particularly healthy; and thus if you form a friendship with her, It is likely to last many years." ' " That is the misery of it," said I. " "If she were but like other old women — if she were but subject to the common diseases of grandmother — my fate might be endurable/" "Your fate! what has that to do with Mrs. Gorden' s longevity?" 1 ' " I am only going to be married to her-f- that's .all!"' And the absurd announcement was' no sooner out of my mouth than the fair 'stranger broke into peels ' of laughter, . which' to my fears in that inauspicious; roomentf, sounded like the screams of an evil. spirit. ; "Pardon me," she said, endeavouring t'o compose herself ; "I am far too giddy for a — " And the widow kissed the orphan child, "But, the idea of a marriage between you aud 'Mrs. Gorden is really too ridiculous. : You appear to be a martyr to circumstances;; but has the old lady given her consent?" : "Her consent ? Oh, let her alone for that;!, it's not often that a fellow like me comes in. the way of a grandmother. There is' no likelihood of her refusing me'; and, if I refuse her, I may as well hang myself." " Why think of such an 'alternative? Although/ probably dependent on fortune, you are hot probably too old to work and 8trogsjle. If you will not allow poor aged Mrs. Gorden to enrich you, there are fortunes, in the" world still to he made by the adven turous and the industrious." V " Give me a motive." cried I, suddenly, " and I will dare and suffer I ' I cannot do it for so poor a need as fortune ; hut place' in the distance something rich enough io reward them; something — " j " What ?" she said, innocently. ' "'Love 1" cried I, in desperation ; and before aha could prevent me, I had caught . hold of her hand, and smothered it with kisses. 'I spent several hours with the lovely widow, and saw— clearly Eaw — that only a little time was wanting to enable me to gain her affection b ; and then I bade her adieu, extoTting a promise that she would not com municate my arrival to Mrs. Gorden, and that, when I called at the Court, she would see me alone, that I might have an opportu nity of telling her what had passed between my uncle and myself. When I arrived at my uncle's, I found him in a very bad temper, as he had expected me the day before ; and matters were not mended when I mentioned frankly the mis givings I had on the score of domestic happiness. " Domestic fiddlestick !" cried he. " What more would you have than a good estate and a good wife — a healthy woman, to boot, come of a long- winded race, and as likely as not to lay you beside my old friend Gorden ? She is a grandmother already. Doesn't that look well ? You do not think her too young?" And the old gentleman grinned, while I gave vent to a spasmodic exclama tion. " Then what disturbs you about her — more especially since you tell me that there ia a vacancy in your heart ? But here comes a letter from the Court," and tearing open a large, old-fashioned-lookibg missive/ presented to him by a servant, he read as -follows: — " My Dear Sir, — I am told that your nephew has arrived, and as he has been reported upon favourably by one who saw him yesterday, and on whose taste and judgment I oan rely, I am tempted to say, with the frankness of my character, that I shall be happy to make his acquaintance. I am truly grateful fir the many obliging things I am told he said of me, and I hope one day or other he will find them all realised. My dearest grandchild sends a kiss to you both. With best regards, |I remain as usual, " Grandmother Gorden." "There!" cried the old gentleman, with an odious triumph. " There is a spirit for you 1 Why, you dog, you will be as happy as the day is long 1" I scarcely heard him, for my thoughts were brooding over the treachery of the beautiful widow. She had broken her promise, and she had rendered my position a thousand times more embarrassing, by persuading the wretched grandmother that I had been such an ass as to say compli mentary things about her ag, ugliness and infirmities. It was clear that Bhe was a jilt, and that she had only been laughing at my admiration, and that Bhe was now determined to extract further amusement from my calamities. I resolved, however, to die game; aud, telling my uncle that, though well acquainted with Mrs. Gorden from report, I desired to see her personally before deciding, I threw myBelf on horseback and galloped straightway to the Court. It had been my intention to ask for Mrs Gorden, but the wily widow was on he. guard, for, as the door opened, I heard her call to the servant in her silvery tones, " show the gentleman in here and in another minute I stood once more in the presence of the unknown of the forest. I found her more beautiful, better dressed and younger than she had appeared the day before ; and, aB I saw with keen appreciation the treasure I was about to loSe forever, my resentment died away, and deep grief took its place. " Yon forget your promise;" said I ; " you make a sport of my misery." ' " What could I have said when questioned?" she inquired/sweetly. "But what misery do you allude to— the misery of marrying a grandmother ?" Yes — when my heart is devoted to another. But it is needless to talk to you ; you areas incapable of passion as a statue; You could have never loved your husband 1" " You are in some degree wrong ; still, I was bo young when I was married— only sixteen— that I looked upon my husband more as a guardian than a lover. I was not quite seventeen when I became a mother." " Is it possible ? That is not & great while ago." " Greater, perhaps; than yon suppose ; for a sound constitution and salubrious air are apt to lead to mistakes. Would you take me to be well on toward thirty-five?' " What became of your child?" cried I, suddenly. "We all married young in our family," replied the widow, hanging her head. " It was my daughter's infant," Bhe . continued, looking up at me with the mpst beautiful blush that ever lit the cheek of a girl "which you restored to me yesterday from among the daisies and buttercups, and I am Grandmother Gordon.". "" — - — 