LATEST CABLE INTELLIGENCE. (From the Daily Papers.) London, March 1. la fcho Houcs of Lordo, Bcrly Derby c-aid that England docired iiho aotolemenfe of 'oho Santera quostion by the Oonferonce as a final Earopoao, and not; in. the rjanno of a Rucaiaa, cioitlement, in ordcu to maintain tho balaaoo oi; 'aho rival racoa. Tbo Eavopsan Confereneo io used oo take place at Berlin, with Prince Biataarek na Proni' donfc. Tho Swicc G-cardo a'c the Vatican desiaaded threo saonth's pay as the usual allowance oa tho dc^th of a Pope, The coacecaion waD granted. Of tho indemnity o£ 1,410,000.000 roublea to bo paid h^ Turkey to SuaoiBj caitain territory in Armenia ia to bo taken as repraDonting 1,100,000,000, The balance, 310,000,000 roublea, ia to bo paid 3n money. Tho P. and O. Go. 'a oteauier Assam oaikd for Australia tiO'day. London, March 8. A oolliory orzplo^ioa has taken place oi Kil oytli, Sizteen pevnoac were bilJed. In tha Hoaae of Lorda, to-i5ay, the Earl of Derby, replying to a queatioa, confirmed the annouacomont of a Eiiropean Ooagrena or Coa feroace, at Berlin, for the holding of whic blie nald Aua'cria had opened negotiDtiona wifcli tho other ISaropean Powerc ou a bcoia proposed by England. So addocl thai the British. Qovorn mont had naked that the whoio Treaty of Peace befewoon Rucaia ancj Turkey chould ba nabmitted 'co the ConfjroGS. Shippiiig. — Arrived : Boa Locaond, WiadcoP Caatle-, Kenoiagton, Gauoside, Adelaide, Sam«- aay9 Acurocnn, Avoas one! iigrn. Sailed j G-aroano. London, Moreb, 11. All fcbo IDuropocn Powora havo accepted the invitation to take parfe ia the Paaca Congraoo, to be held nb Berlin. England eletaaude the admia Dion of G-i'GOco to tho Oongreso. An Anfci«ISuB3ir;Q saeeSing wan held fa Hyde Park. A atoaaaor wan dectroyed by fire off Gaps Blia, and 500 CircaaDicna poriohed. Tho Sigii'j Man. ?/, B. G-iadatoviQ rctiroa from tbo raprecentot-ion o£ Oeeoawich at tho nost elocSion. A change oi Minicfey ban takaa place at QcaboCj with Mr. Joly ca Promier. Tho Suez January mail, via BrlndicS, Jaaa ci rived. ITreqaont Cabinet Oonacil meatingD ara being held in viaw of tha uacettled coadition of Euro poas2 affairo. Snglaad and Fraaca Iiavo acoopiiGd tho pro ponnl for n Enropaan ConyrcGQ at Berlin. The Aiiafero-Huafjarian Minincfcor for Foreign Afiairo, in coking for r, Qv^nb of 60,000 florina, oaid that the IDnsopsaQ Powero esuot demand at tho Peace Coagrons onch n limitation of the elajma baned on the roaulta of tho Sncno» Tiu'Iiioh war that the grautiag of them oigM Eoi; affect Europaaa or AtiDtro-Eangarion inc toreotn ; and co that nay niaglo Pov/q? attompt iog on ifa own roapoaoibiliSy to secure o eolation o£ fchoEsotei'sdiffioalty, would have to enGonntsE1 n IHnropc^a coalition* London, March 12. Count Andraaoy hao rGpndiatefi tho reported occupation scheme in reference to Bocnia and Heraegovinn. It io reported thai there will be joint action on tho part ox England and Franca roapscfeing Egypt. The Wofitern Powero aro Dupportiag i he right oJ Greece to representation afc the Sasopesa OonforoHce. Tho Italian Minlotry foriaed in December lnot by Signor Depretin hno reoigned. Signof Cariolij tho new Prenideat of the Chamberj la trying to form a Cabinet. It is oenii-ofiiciniiy ntated from Yionna thai v/av is regarded aa inevitable unleoa Euccia oub mita for coorsideratioa at the European Congrocs the whole oS. the conditiono of peace agreed to by Torlsey. Pp.esektation to ETr. E. Peendeegast.—A largo nucabor of Mr. R, Pcoadergaat'o frlendo aaaomblod at tho Caatlomaine Browqry, Hay ofcroetj Qydneya on Wednooday afiernoonp to vjkh him bon voyage to Europe. Among thoss present we noticed Ilooaro. J. T. Fallon, S. P. Eaymond, B. C. Cracknel!, P. Higgino, John ' ViToodP, J. H. Want, R. Mark!ono3 H. W. G. Cave, O'Counoi-j W. W, Stephen, F. M'Nab, F. J. Jaeknon, tho Hon. Kioholan Fil-zgorcld, M.L.C., and tho 3E£ov. George Looming. Tho lant. named gentlomaa prenided, and after noveral toaota wove propocad5 on addrcno, beautifully illavniuatod, waa prosoatod by Mr. Sledgo, on behalf of tho employeeD, io Mr. Prondoi.''»atit. Mr. Filzgernld retnvnod hio fehnnko. The chaivi man then announced tha cocc'ncioa of tho proceeding., and tho oocapany proceeded to tho Eodfem Llfc^tion, whoro Mr. Prondoi'Kr.nt wftc loudly clioei'od on the ti'nfn leaving, Mr. Preaa dorgcofc gocjo ovoi-land fco Molbonrno, and, with Mro. Pi'oadorgaafcj will procsed by fche P. and O. Dfior.aoi1 f3inra to Haslnn^o . Kov/' on Hyde Park.— The residents bordorp' ing on the confebera portion of Hydo Park were, oayo a report in tho Evening JJew£!3 eon cidcrnbly annoyed yoatoi-clcy (Sunday) r/uo:'ncon through £ot3Q dicturbancQa cvxvscd. by pi'OCGhoi'O on the Park, It appearc that a certain chop herd baa been, lately, on the Paiko nbadng oho ahoep and nhopherdr; ox obhor £olc!rj in pretty round torcaa, ond he bar; cAv.o beea diofcributing oome i-othor offonoivo and foolish . paEjpMofe, which HnonO people took no notico of3 br/u a& which -corao few took offenco. On yentoi'day, then, when tbis meek chephord nenli round a young dlfjciple to collect moaoya for Mm, tho oollectioE wgo ctopped9 and the crowd upoafe him off hia pedeata! and rather I'udoly treated him. Glroat choa&Jng; and roarinn then enaued, and thouoandu rucbed to sgq the oc,ucoa and hundreda cliuobed np into tho boautiful Park treea, to the injininent danger of deotroyiog them. After a lltble parleying the Dbopherd woo hurriafi off or huntad o£ tho Park, ao im caenco and boiat3i'ono crowd following him to hia residence in Caatleroagh»siirc3t. No violenco v/QD uGed, tho oaly object being it appeared Oo stop thla shophord'o inanlting langaago on the Park, The ahepherd came on 6 on his balcony after reaching honaSj nacl attempted to hairaagae the crowd, bnh foiled in gofcSiDg a hearing, Later in| tho GTeDiDg tho man who wac the cause of the ahepliord'o igGO-- minous retreat, was himaelf checed into Oliffe'rj hotel. Tha police c:'c this juncture made their appearenca on the scene, and fchinga assumed! their coated quietneco. It will bo readily aeon that Sunday afternoon ohould not bo deneoiatod by ouch ooenGD an these. Tho Park la oefc apart for the recreation of the citizenD, and wo think that they ohould be allowed freely to move about under the nliado o£ the fcreoo witaoat having their foeliagu hurt by percono who, in febo nemo of religion s aay all manaor of inouliiog and annoying thingo. The Goveramanfc ouch'j So. later fore ; and, moreover, it they -3o not, I feel oortain yesterdsy'a diagraceful Dconea0 and pew hop3 wos'aOj sacy be repeated0 [TlaiB repovb io5 we believe, pretty correct;,, but most o£ the reporto that have appeared are grossly exag gerated. We are certain there wca no organiaed movemenb omong any section of Ca,fckolicc to at tack Po3tor Allen. TherowwacflratDtai'todasaoas a few cocnter Park^diopatanfea, and theco wei'o baokod np by c, heterogoneoua croud of lat'dMoa and others, who woro glad of tho opportunity g2 hcving d bit of iCEa3 no Eattor cA wkoso esponaa. We ha-sc that Devora! aommoaaeD have beon icn cuod In I'agard to the riofca on Sunday Igc'j in Eyde Perk, aad the cacac will bshearfi bo;o:'o the Beach at the Control Police Conrfc tc^Hnr/ (Friday.)— Ed. F. J.] The Caecoae, Sieotokate.~ On Wednesday aight lasij, when the Houce wan conoidoring tho hqw BleoJioscl Act, Mr. Lynch odd : '?' Only that Carcoav had been co mnoh alluded to In fihe debate ha did not know that he ohould have Dpoken. Sut Shoae who had opokoa h.zH nil adaittsd the Impoi'taiiea oi Cai'soar. (EQar2 hsnv.) It wan a rich aud icaporfcnfc ufcbi'lc'a. (Hoa?3 hear.) For agrieolinral and gaatoral pnrsuito it eoaicl Isardly bo Qscollcd in AuDtralia, (Hear, hear. ) Tho oxfconfc oS the dioti-icS from north to couth wen ICQ milen, and frosB oac& to wesb ninety milea. Ono paet of ife waa cgrienl Snral3 another ncotoralj and another wen n mining dicferiofc. ' Tiie 3anfc three Governments had recognized tko fact; Ghat Carconr ? oagbfe to havo at leant two momboi'O;, and he felt euro that Jfi was q Ealatako Shaft the proaoat GovGrnEaonO had leffc Carcoav out. (Hear, hear.)' We copy 6ho abova from tho Heraldj and we may add that Mr. Lynch mads a very able and lengthy cpaoouj but owing to fcho Intsaeac of the horn? ot v/hioh ho opoko- it wao only partially reported. He nhowed Oho imporfiaace o£ tho district, and pointed og& that aa & mafcter ox juatie.o tho oloefcorafco dea.orvod to bo ropreoontod by two membera. Tiircaghoufc lli\ Jjync'a wca loudly applauded, Ma remarka boing very gonGE'ally aabneribod 'to by both Dideo of the Hobdo, We nre- cony we are nnable to give Mr. Lynch'o capital Dpaseh in full. Tha general impreaoioQ, hov7Qve?v In, that he will Dnceeed In gc&fcing; a second mocibe? for the .diateicfc Lio rapEcaonfia. This opinion hao gained g'roand from Ohe fact of Mr, Lynoh'o opeecb being do wall received,, and through ao many mcEabora roferring to ?Ooi'ooar an being a plaoa of grant Icaportaneo. Cc-rcoar knn no reason to complain ef ifia iasm» bar, aa ho hoa fooghD hard to baaeab hia deo torato, not oaly in tliia inofcoaeo, bnfc oa oroiy occasion requiring hia adveoscy. ? Paelsamkntary Land Agents.— The follow ing ia q copy o£ a opacial notice which appaarn in tho Governsaont Gnnefcfeo on Monday nitarncoQj and oigEed by the Premier : — ' 'With a view to give effect to tho . resolution panned . by Che Legislative Acnombiyon tiho 26th . ullimo0 it io hereby notified thafe meiabora oi: fcho . naid Assembly who practiao tho profeGDioE of land agonto will not bo permitted to comsnuaicafcs v?ith the Laad Minioter or any of tho ofacsro of tho Dopartmon'u oS Lands, oitliov porooanlly or in writing, 1e?. tho capacity of nuoh land agenta. — James S, . Farneil.' Second Ciass Carriages.— Last weak Mv. Lynch, the member for Carcoar, drew attention to tho fact that persons travelling in Gecondu claeo railway carriages had to oit from oighfc to ton hours on o baro plank. The Government acted promptly -on Mr. Lynda's B'CJC'°^ 'in~ *' havo the seats cushioned, for on tho ollov ~- day men were sent to .upholster a!! oL^ neo c clags carriages. Shcco cEiTic^aa aro _o\ Met as comfortable r.3 a firat-olass o r no ' travollina1 public hao good reason lo tl Li i Lynch for having4 this bonelit con eido i | We hear that Mr. Lynch's efforts o go ho 1 railway faros reduced are likely to bo n ice 1 i Obituary.— Wo regret to repor ioi 0 o Orange Examiner tho decease o5 i '3 i '' Donohoe, at Bowen Terrace, on Sund y 1 i } very old resident of Orange, at the^cu ncc 1 ge of 76 yeara ; a man who waa much le pectod by all who know himv Sydkuy Musrc'Ax, IJhioh,— Tho second concert of the Muoical ITnion'o cdcicoh was given oa Tuesday night, in tho Ilr.Gonic Hall, and although better patroaizecil than r/o expected, WG regret to notico a fallia^1 o£; both iu the auclioace and tho pOifor:i;Givj. TIio SiGrnld of ?Wednesday, -nth. its cha.ractr^'irjtic Tago-like fiiondohip, truota this falling; oil v/as not due to any want of zeal on fcho part of tho members, j &g.; Wo can csouro our friend it was not, and at the name tiins wo wish to draw attention to the feet that clthoug'h a full programme and a correct date waa inserted in Tuesday morning's Herald,, this pnpor gratuitously announced that tho-concort \7aa postponed until Thursday ; and fco raako the znatter v/orse, the Echo, true to its name, deliberately reprinted the paragraph in the afternoon, although it was perfectly well known about town in the morning1 that this concert would take place on Tuesday. We leave \- our readers to form their own opinion of this buoineEa. Tho concert opened with tlendelcsohn's ?''War Uarcii,' from Athalie, fairly played, but in some places the time flagged, and tho players were not always well enough together? We must cay, however, that the orchestra on this occasion was vastly improved through tlie vind _ instruments boing co well reprscontcd. Miss Bsr:ois Harrison oaag1 Aaaottn'c scene from ' Der ! FrelGchute,' rary eorreeily indeed ; hut this I pieco requires stage accoscorieo, and, above all, the viola obligato, to mako it elective. Wagner's '?Bridal Choras'^j/as tho weaksafc item on the' prograiBme, and llaydn'n ' Surprise' syiaphony one of the beat, the eeconol movement being given in a, style that reflects the greatest credit on conductor and players. A portion of Haydn'c ' Seasons ' formed the second part of the programme, and consider* ing1 the small numbs;.1 - of Gingers £6 was Bur* prioingly well rondersd. She ladies eopeciajly deserve credit if only for their courage, as witk a few exceptions they could be well hoard even in tho loudest tutti parts. Miss Harrison sang the soprano aiucio in thoroughly articiic style ; we havo coldom Iiecrd her in bottot? voics,- and I7e notice our coacert«giverc genorally know to whom to look for a soprano- when there is anya thing like di&ieult; work to do. Signor SteSeni'a ringing of the been rscitativo and solo was a perfect study, ao clurring or indecision, but each note Q2mQ out clear ss.&' reconanfc ;? ho paadering foi' .cpjjlaucoj but Gvoryfching1 dono in order to cc'-\~;ctiy orprens what tho compcnsi- aoanfc. This ciloaa dkoxrs the ferae artist. By the way, Sossini, scdu h?J73 c&nirod; fchio colo wg opoal: of, as he lir.3 copicS it ncia fer eoI-o tz tho feio Zifcfci Zitti ia feic «? Bai-iboi- of EotIHo.' 1Sz. Godfrey, who L-'aag- iho tonor pert, givea great proaiica of what wo er.Ciiy aesd'— a gossi oratorio tsaor. It is olwaya plcxaiag to wolcoaaa a ^luoioian of Mr. ' Soliott's abiliticD, cud doubTy co wion he brings ' ouch a rare and lacaful Inairamaat as tho oboe, . Hio playing well snorltad tha warm applause, he received, r.D.-3. x?q feizct to iaocr often feoia him. It is aofcj- liowover, go a colo inefcrasaenu that the ' 6bo3 ub.oxiD io 2H0C& r.flvcst-3gej but in a plain tivo oi? jocsfcorc! melody, o? ia a pascago esprea nivo o-cr.dac2o,i{;iDinvalnaMe,a2d-v7henproperly ug2'j T7J.th rood nad bvc&z; IsDirumonts the OEecte ere pr..i'£iculr.rly iislMag*. Mscnrc. Krcitelimann / and IZTo^s cse-3 iarlofatigablQ ia thek' efiorfcD= to give kg cometiag* out of the tinual hackneyed grcovQ, end we Jiiopo their ondoavours will.be appreciated. OoDfc'o 'S!i' ia, we bsliovej to'ba givGa next on a grand Gcalo, but- not, we trust, : in tho licconic, eg it ia neitho? convoaioat for P3?foi'330r3 Oi.' Iio£32LGS?C0 .-; ? ETAira Bah,..— -A grr.siS eucEoago match .at'. haadbalE (aecoi'din^ to Oho ViTQSfioi'E EKasataer]) fcbajng LV.'i'caGcil to udLo plceo at filia Whito iiiarfi MoGel, JLsOi:d'a ncs30-OraBrjo, oa Moaday0' bhet 18fcL mrtcnSj. Tko HJ^toa h iov ^100 d Dides -&'&& ia io ho- Ibauw'cc-s JLj^agciai'.fehe chcimpioa player o£ AuaDtucMr,, cad Thdtap coa hz& M'Lni-EgliHn, two ou tho best ' plnyosD of Eov? Sootii Wdcc0 A loiter- has ' osnea v^'iioaveS, In CJio Ulraaaag Ifcv/a dJopuliag ' fee cloSm of 5!2G3n:.oa anci Ll'Lcygblnn ao two o£- tho beau isHayora in Hew Seats Walca,;cnd ooatu'Iaa a elic'lciirp foi1 . i32C0 cad upwardo . foam Andraw- Billba csfi D^vld M'ETnla of Sydney. Ghost 'Eshibition.— Lr.su wcslr. In tke eilpnca of nighi-jtbo foiko livtog c3owa necv the whoyvaa, and between thevo Dad Ccculoi'oagh-Dtreot, were □fcar&Ied; by a vovitablo ghoot caoviag otoadily along ondGf: tlio'cnvo aaci gnidlaacQ of a body of men, av.d followed by a concotKEo o£ psopla who evideofcly \7ero aoi'o delighted tliaa i'rightasscd. .Oq inquiry wo loarat thnfi Liio QhovAchln bolongcd to Ur0 B'Ai'cy Scncls uIjo Sa cbont to oshibifc Gfj tho Guild HrJI on nost iMdcy aad tho:£ol-i lowiag eiglita coiao of tlio e.ic3& V7oads.'oua illua ? Dions oad opoetk'Cil oiZeafco ovos? \7ltao2ded In the colonies. Mr. 7Sor,«3opa sucooarj hv.a bcoa iinaense fibroEjgh EnrjInaGj, ladio, Java, &g.s; and aov? ho comoa to notonfch ud. TMo oatsi'Dniument, wo tmdei'BfcoaoV io dlvestcfi oic onythiua fcondsn' to alarm fcho moai; liluM oi' faofcidiouaj gvgu liitla children, iEGfco::d q5 iaoiafj frsrjkfcoHcc!, locro, it io Gaid0 to Iovg tho fjtioai and loag to.1 a L'apoaifcion of tho dolsglifiiui ontoi-'fctemonOo Sho apoctroo ccopo ia oiio of Otiono OEsteE'tsiintiioata fchafc V7illo doubtlc::a0 bo cook by all, On Tuesday'Icot, the inmates of the Raiidwick Dastituts Ohildi'Gu'G Acylum enjoyed their an nual picnic e::ciu'sior- to Clontr.rf grounds The children numbsred nearly 500, and the buses and atcrxior v/o:-g cnpplied fii\'/:riitounly. . : ? 