HARRIETVILLE. [From our own correspondent.] July 8. A numerously attended public meeting was held here on Saturday evening, at Breen's Star Hotel, for the purpose of memorialising the Postmaster-General as to the recent alteration of the mails, in consequence of the change of the tram be- tween Wangaratta and Beechworth. Mr Matthew George, of Freeburgh, was voted to the chair. After briefly explaining the object for which the meeting had been called, the following resolutions were unan- imously adopted : — First, that this meet- ing memorialise the Postmaster-General to alter the arrival and departure of the mails to and from Bright and Harrietville from Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, to Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, and vice versa, same hour's of arrival and departure, as at present in force. Se- condly, that Mr Willson be deputed to draw up the memorial (which was numer- ously signed in the room) and to forward the same to the Hon. J. A. Wallace for presentation to the Postmaster- General, and also to write to Mr George Billson, M.L.A., requesting him to accompany Mr Wallace to wait with him, to support the prayer or the petition, l may mention that the memorial, &c.;, has been for- warded per this day's mail. Mr J. H. Jones wished to draw the attention of the meeting, seeing there was such a large gathering, to the very unsatisfactory state of the Cemetery, as regards the condition of the grounds, and also the fact that the most of the gazetted trustees had left the district, there being no others appointed in their stead ; in fact, the whole of the affairs connected with the cemetery were in a state of chaos. It was resolved that a meeting would be held at the Star Hotel, on the evening of Saturday, the 20th inst., at 8 o'clock, so that all those interested in the matter — and who is not ? — would be able to attend and take steps to remedy the present unsatisfactory state of affairs. The Rose, Thistle, and Shamrock Co. washed up on Friday last and had 487½ ounces of gold for the month's work. The reef continues to look equally well. T. McGrath crushed five tons for 21oz 13dwts of gold at the Shamrock mill. This was taken from the late find, near the old Hit or Miss, by Whittaker and McGrath, but no more of the same sort could be found, there being no defined lode going down. The 4th of July was celebrated here by a few hailing from the land of the stars and stripes, who exerted themselves to the utmost in trying to drown the memery of General Washington in samples of a late special importation of Monongchala whiskey, but which only resulted in rais- ing what was supposed at the time (3 o'clock in the morning) to be the ghost of the father of his country, he of the hatchet and cherry tree notoriety, and of revered memory, clothed in the orthodox winding-sheet, but with rather unsteady tread— very! 