OBITUARY. The Late Rev. P. Maclaren. — A private telegram received from England brought the melancholy tidings of the death of the Rev. Peter Maclaren, who for several years past has been the minister of the Presbyterian Church at Port Adelaide. Mr. Maclaren, it will be remembered, left for England by the Garonne in May last, and the sad event occurred on the 31st of that month, when the vessel had been out only sixteen days. The deceased gentleman studied theology under two of the most cele- brated professors of the day, Dr. Chalmers and Dr. Cunningham. He subsequently became assistant to Dr. Sievewright, of Markanch, in Fifeshire, and afterwards ministered in the Presbyterian Church at Lossiemouth. About the year 1847 Mr. Maclaren removed to Brighton and became the minister of a Presby- terian Church in that fashionable seaside resort. At Brighton Mr. Maclaren's ministrations were not only very acceptable to his own congrega- tion, but his personal character and his superior abilities secured for him a large amount of esteem and respect. His health rendering a change imperative Mr. Maclaren came out to Australia in 1871. He spent some time in Sydney, and we believe received invitations to one or two Churches in the neighbourhood of that city. The Rev. J. Henderson having accepted a call to St. Andrew's Church Mr. Maclaren was invited to supply for a time at Port Adelaide. There his ministrations proved so acceptable that he was subsequently inducted into the pastorate of the Church. Mr. Maclaren's state of health obliged him to confine his labours for the most part within a comparatively narrow circle, but within that circle not only were his gifts most thoroughly appreciated, but his influence was detply felt. He was a man of keen logical power, and withal of a rare breadth of mind and of very wide sympathies. At the Port he was universally esteemed and beloved, and all who were brought even into casual contact with him could not fail to recognise in him a true-hearted man possessed of superior mental gifts and characterized by a transparent sin- cerity of character. Had Mr. Maclaren enjoyed robust health there is little doubt that he would have risen to a foremost position in the ranks of the Presbyterian clergy. As it was he occupied no mean place. One work published by him some time ago, entitled 'The Glory of the Holy Ghost,' has already made its mark, and a later publication which we recently noticed, entitled 'The Seven Topics of the Christian Faith,' has been most favourably reviewed by the Press at home. Like all Mr. Maclaren's productions both volumes are characterized by vigour and thoroughness, by the evident marks of careful and ripened scholarship, and by a clear and forcible style. The deceased gentle- man was for several years one of the tutors of Union College, the duties of which office he discharged with unwearied diligence and with the utmost satisfaction to the Committee and to the students. Mr. Maclaren, who was 52 years of age, leaves a widow, who received the sad tidings of her bereavement only on Tuesday, for whom, as also for the other members of the family, there will, we are sure, be a widespread feeling of sympathy. Death of Mr. J. Frew. — The lessening ranks of the old colonists have been thinned by the death of Mr. James Frew, of Fullarton, who died at his residence on Friday, June 21. The deceased gentleman arrived in South Australia early in 1839, and during most of the 39 years that he has been in the colony he has been engaged in agri- cultural pursuits. His wife died three weeks previous ; and had they lived till August they would have been married 50 years— an event to which both had been looking forward with considerable interest. Mr. Frew, who was greatly respected, had reached his 74th year, and leaves a son and five daughters. Death of Mr. T. L. Ebsworth.— Mr. T. L. Ebsworth, whose death took place some- what suddenly at his residence, North Adelaide, on Wednesday, June 27, was a well known colonist, having arrived in South Aus- tralia about 1859. He at once joined the National Bank as share clerk, and remained in their service till about six years ago, when he among a number of others had to resign their petitions in consequence of the reductions then effected by the Manager, Mr. E. M. Young. Since that time the deceased gentleman has been engaged as a broker and general commission agent, and was largely known in connection with Mr. Fred. Wright's office. Besides this he was Auditor to several public Companies. The immediate cause of death was inflammation of the bowels. Death of Mrs. R. S. Thompson. — We notice the decease of Mrs. R. S Thompson, better known perhaps as Miss Ellen Lucy Gray, the lady who made the very beautiful wax models of fruits grown in this province which were shown by this colony at the Philadelphia Exhibition, and also those which now form an interesting object in the South Australian Court at the Paris Exposition. Death of Captain Lindsay.— We regret to announce the death of Captain John Lindsay, master of the steamer Governor Musgrave, who expired on Saturday, June 29, at his residence, Glanville, in his 60th year. He had been absent from duty on sick leave for the past two months. We are told that he arrived in the colony about 25 years ago, and had since been in command of the cutter and schooner Gem, the brig Europe trading to Western Australia, Sir James Fergusson's yacht the Edith, a Government snagboat on the Murray, and lastly the Governor Musgrave. The deceased gentleman was highly respected, and was generally liked. As a navigator he was careful and prudent. He leaves three children, of whom one son is a member of a Government sur- vey party in the Northern Territory. 