A Tüll« irÔMli ÍJY THU SOIÜtAÜX l'MtOM MKMlOUnXK. [COMMUSIL'.VTKll.] 'l'un following oxtrncts uro taken from a lotter writton by Mr Young, of Castlemaine, to his brother, Mr ?lölm Young, of tko A. .). S. Hank, Grafton : MAV 2, IS7S.-Dropped anchor at St. Kolona at 2 p.m. Tho island at a distanco looks Uko a hugo nor pendicular rock-a welcome oasis in tho desert. Tho island is about di) miles long by S wide. On near approach it looks grand and mountainous, tho rooks rising to a height of 2700 feet in some parts. James- town, its capital, is situated on tho water's edge and nt terminus of a long ravine, tho height on oithorsido being upwards of 1000 foot. A pretty I'liglish Church with tnll spiro gave mo intense delight, awakening ninny pleasant memories after our long passngo from Melbourne Sovornl American whalers woro in harbour, also U.M. gun-boat Uoxor. Wc put oil'to shore at ¡I p.m. Tho boatmen were coal-black lookinç; Africans ! tho inhabitants comprise - I'ortugcsu, Malays, Africans, and natives of other countries. Wo visited tho pretty Church of England, also thu Gover- nor's residence. A beautiful gardun is nttaehoil to the latter, with dato trees, pomegranates, oranges, bannons, ka., ko.. The severest storm known visited tho island on tho M th April last ; hmiBCS woro washed awny and great blocks of stone and debris Ulled tho church- yard. Tho rnvino was brought tlotvn with great force, lind some refreshment at hotel ; the proprietor ls (id years old, born nt St, Kolona, a dark gentlemanly oreólo ; has never left his island homo j held Napa* leon's horse when n boy 0 years old, receiving a gold ploco from tho great Umporor, anti was présent nt his lunera!. Noxt morning Callender, Carter, White, (passengers), and self, loft the ship at 4 past fi in tho morning and went ashore to walk to Napoleon's tomb, mid Longwood, his rositlonco when n prisoner. Tho distanco is li milos, and yon ascend up a stoop xlgzag narrow causeway. The vlow, ns oacli glen or ravine unfolded now scenery, was of intense interest. Up our sleep journey wa often mat diminutivo mules, or little donkeys, hardy little animals bearing prodneo to tho tow», driven hy dark-eyed St. Helena girls. Tim bmllo path la narrow, and tho look of tit ceo dark. featured peasantry os wo passed was a study. Ona little donkey bad a livo goat on ono sido of tho paniers and a lamb an tko other, both looking as happy and l'CBignod as is posstblo to conçoive l'opo's pleasing lines carno into my head about tho lamb : " PIoMod to tim last, ho crops tho flowery rood," " And licks tho hand Just ratted to shod hts blood." Wo reached tho Travellers' Host half way, 2} milos, and thora rested after onr uphill work. Wo then mada for Napoleon's Tomb, saan in tho valley below us. It is a pioturosquo sequestered spot, surrounded by willows and Norfolk Island {linas. How my heart heat for a moment at Booing thu rcsting-placo of tho romains of the mun who once lad a great part of tho world captivo by his military genius. Hero is a largo slab in tho contra of tho ground, surrounded by iron palisading, and flowers on the grave I looked down upon it with intoiiBo interest .... mid oanuot describe tba tesselatctl toolings tho mind calls up at tho spectacle. I found out from tho french resident (paid hy his Government to guard tho precincts) tho history , of this spot being chosen for tho grave, lt appoars Napoleon on his way to Longwood slept boro the first night, and dreamt ho was dead-no doubt his ambi- tious rostloss spirit anticipating tho ciïect of his cap- tivity ¡ ho then afterwards said, "If 1 die at St. Helena lot mo be buried thoro," viz, his first resting place. A beautiful cloar spring is close to tho spot Napoleon's favourito ono-lie used to drink from. Wo all took some wator from it. Daspito his faults, wo can cast a tear of pity on his tomb and admiro his genius. Posterity will doubtless look upon him as a military fanatic, called, nt the termination sf that tor- nillo ({evolution and llaign of Terror, to draw away and purgo the nation from Civil war and cruelties un- paralleled, in exchange for buttles with other coun- tries ; so lot us hopo " bis virtues woro his own, his crimes belonged to tho ago ho li voil in," Wo continued our journoy to Longwood, and after passing some fruit vendors nt the gatos, cntorcd tho house. It is ii Jorge comfortnblo woodon structura, surrounded by good gnrdoti mid grounds, lu tho hall or vestibule is a numil enclosure rnilod oil' to protect tho bust nf Napoleon (taken lifter doath) ; tho features pourtruy a grand conception of intellectual power. Tho spotless marble, white lind puru ns nlnhastor, showing tho lino chiselled salient points af tho hoad and face I can now bettor rcnliso tho living pawor and effects im parted by those Italian »cul[itora. A wreath of ¡minor tollos is bung nround tho nook nf tho bust, placed thcro by n French o/licor soino 7 years ngo. Longwood con- tains (lining-room, roccptinn-room, brenkfnst and bath rooms, billiard-room, library, Sc. How strange it seemed to look nround tho bara walls amt realise that Napoleon was a prisoner of tho English. lind wo been able to hnvo stoppeil till next day (anniversary of his death), wo could have been present nt tho Ken, II ¡cm Mass, or lioinan Catholic sorvico, for tho soul of tho departed, in accordance with tho rites of tho Church. A e'ronoh widow lady is in ehnrgo of tho estate, mid hor quiot pensivo demeanour ndded tu tho sumo whnt melancholy associations of tho placo. . . . Wo retraced our steps, then inspected Jacob's ladder tho longest in thu world-USU stops all iron, lending up to n fortification nt tho top of tho rock ; then wo weut on board tho U.M. gun-bunt Boxer. Tho olliccrs showed ns tho guns, and I learnt by rofcrcneo to n book in tho cabin that Harry Crawford, our Arch- deacon's sou, was in tho dofouce nt flcsiku Hay, Galli- poli. Wo returned homo, i.o., to tho "Sobraon," at <( p.m., and woro introduced to the American Consul. What a babel tho ship presented, coloured mon, women, and children soiling fruit, bonds, and neck- laces, tho latter ninda from seeds grown at St. I f olona, whnlcstooth, and curiosities of nil kinds, ltenlly I was glad when wo weighed anchor mid the ship was od' again, although 1 cnn never forget tho stirring scenes and visit to this remarkable island. Tho trocs hero all lean towards tho north, caused by tho wind always blowing in ono direction, viz., from S.E. ; hence tho boon to marmora of tho "trade winds," which wo carried from tho Capo of Good Hopo to fi' north of tho Etpintor. I forgot to any tho island con- tains 7000 inhabitants. Wo said good-byo to St. Helena at 0 o'clock at night, and, as tho old ship stole gradually away in tho dim light iillbrdcd by tho «tars, and thu recoding lights of Jamos Tower faded upon our view, tho mind was satisfied to dwelt upon tho past, and wish happiness and peace to tho island, which, in all probability, it will not bo my lot to visit nguiu. Tho Sobraon pays a visit to St, Helena once a year, called by tho Islanders their " lied letter day," and no wonder, for at least £.'10(1 is always expended by tho visit of this lino ship. May 12.-Passed tho Lino (equator) nt 12 o'clock at night Now in Northern Hemisphere. What thoughts already nriso ut being', nftor 20 years, in tho Old World nguiu, l'usscd n largo vessel, tho Tamer- lane, from India. May 14.-A sudden tropical thunderstorm carno on us. Tho dark clouds on tho horizon passed with lightning rapidity over us, so that thoro was no time tu tako in tho sail ; tho ship was taken aback, and cloven sails woro blown away. Tho sturdy old ship rollo ont tho storm in safety, and soon all wits calm ns before, lt lind il ludicrous aspect also, for sovcrnl passengers malled about, minim huts, coats, &c.;, to enjoy thu cooling rain, and often some unusually active fellow might bo soon dipping his towel into tho first watorstream on deck to givo it an impromptu washing. Muy '-'4.-Grand fancy dross convorznsiono hold tc cclobrnto tho Queen's Birthday. Tlio tieck was enclosed, uutl linnie gay with flags, Sc. Tho captain and Mrs. I'riiico received tho visitors nt 8 o'clock, whoso eliuraetora woro all formally announced. Mr. Chichester was it cardinal, 1 was au Italian li.rig.ind nf tho 1-tit century. Thu Indies malle up tho costuiucs. Tho midshipmen all joined. Druida and ghosts woro to ho seen in thu throng, 70 in al). A grand supper was given nt IO o'clock. All tho ollieers stilted nothing so unique of its kind hud hoon held before. The captain belongs to the Royal Naval liesorvo, and is very loyal. MAV 27.-Now out of tho N.E. tindo winds, mid 1700 milos from tho Isle of Wight. Spirits jubilant. JUNK 2.-Wot Sunday-first wet day since leaving Australia. Captain rend service on dock. JUNK (i.-Sen ohangod from bright hine to dark grcon, a sign of being near land. Grund coneort the last, given in thc saloon last night. 400 miles from tho Lizard. JUNK!)-What joy I sighted tho light od" Ushnnt, thu Kreuch const, at entrance of Chimnul. JONI: IO.-Went through the English Channel nt terrifie speed-12 milts un hour. I'nssod within four miles on Sunday ovonhig of tho dear old lslo of Wight, lind saw tho St. Llizaljctli Lighthouse, Itlack Gang Chine, Kc. So, thus tho old island was tho last laud I saw iii IS 10, and tho lirst seen of Old England in IS7S. 'Took pilot oil' Dungeness nt ."..'!(> n.m. Passed close to Folkestone, Dover, Deal, and Walmer Castlo-recalled memories of old England. What, strikes me very forcibly is tho beautiful compactness and finish of tfieso tluo old English towns, tho grcon Heids, luxuriant foliage, mid nothing going to waste time cnn hu utilised or chm'in tho eye. Passed Hams gute und Margate, Sheerness anil Shnohiiryness, also ({pithead (pier from lattin' mun I.) mile) ; heard thu heavy guns tiring from Sheerness, a» evidencing tho alertness of old Kugland till tho Kastor» Question is settled. Anchored off Gravesend at (>'. .'{(> p.m. Dined nt Falcon Hotel with Captain ICImslio-lirst tasto of salmon in England ; how delicious .' whitebait served up in four different ways ; grcon pens, fowls, &o.; Af tor wo had dined, thu waitor brought round n glass howl of rosewater ; this is tn dip your lingers into, mid rub n little ou your temples mid whiskers, &u.;, if you foul so inclined-tho perfumo so swoot and oxhilirating ! Took train to bondon, and put up at Nelson's Hotel, close to Dr. Cunuiiings' celebrated church. ........ Visited tho promiuunt plauos and ninny public build- ings iii Loudon, saw tho groat Thuines ombnnkmoiit, limad stone causeway, lamps with largo globos, aa far I as oyo could reach, heard tho old Thames again thumping ¡ts waters ngainst tho Btono stops, wont by underground railway for tho llrst tline-tho carriagos lit with gas. Tho lirst sonsation experienced waa a slight lit of coughing, tho smoko in tho tlinnol going down your thront, (liku most other things you cnn gut used to it. ) Went tu Prince's cricket ground to seo match Aus- tralians v. (luiitlcineii of All England, victory for tito latter. Lord Lieutenant of Ireland was on thu ground, also Mrs Grace (mother ot tho threo celobrntod cricketers), looking proud of her sous. My friend Mr ll. Butterworth kindly procured mo complimentary card of invitation for all matches ru Australian visi- tors. Went to cricket match on Lord's ground, Aus- tralians v. Middlesex. In tho evening to Crystal Palace, special invitation and llieworks in honour of Australians (was accompanied hy Mr Hurst, Mayor of Auckland, mid his wifo). Went again to Lord's to soo continuation of match. I nm proud nf tho Austra- lians, they played splendidly, and notwithstanding a score of 120 made hy Hon. E. Lyttolton, won tho match easily. Midwinter has turned traitor to lils countrymen, but thu Australians nro holding their own and moro, although I hoard ono old Hritislior on Lord's after tho defoat at Princes (Gentlemen v. Aus- tralians) say, " tho Australians woro about washed out now," hut MlildloBox found . otherwise, to tho mortification of tho HrlUsher, I should imagino. 