Wit and Humor. A Stare-case. — A telescope. A Hand-to Mouth Busines.s — Tippl- ing The toper may be termed one who can ' smile and smile again, and be a willin'.' Annual flowering plants resemble whales, as they come up to ' blow.' A Popular Sovereign. — One pound sterling. The Place to Find a Beak Living. — In a menagerie. A Real Helpmeet.— The carver. ?The Fibst Doty on T. — Don't forget to COS8 it. The '? aorial quickstep' is what they call a hanging in Kansas. — American Paper . When does a wounded soldier resemble a war horse ? When he's hors de combat, to be sure. The Season. — The lightning-rod swindlers will soon begin to operate. Spare the rod — but kiil the agent. — DaniehonviU# Sentinel. Melancholy Reflection. —The slug gard is bidden to go to the ant ; but alas ! how often he goes to bis uncle. — Fun. A Long I^ne. *? Economy is tbe road to wealth,' and we begin to suspect that it is one which has no turning. Sand is so scarce in some of the interior counties the people are obliged to boil up ' new maple sugar' for building purposes. — Burlington Hawkeye. Not Missed. — '? Do they miss you at home?' he asked, as sbe folded aud put away a letter she had just received from her mother, ' Never,' she answered ; ' they call me ' sis.'' ' Down here in summer-time we take life easy,' says a Texas paper : and then, as if to confirm the statement, there appears in the next column an account of ' Three Men Killed at Camp-meeting.' Fob Those 'in the Fashion.' — -A qaiet person wants to know if the ' favourite tint' is invariably a '* fast colour.' Standfast. — ' Can that horse run fast ?' asked a boy of a milkman the other morning. 'No, sunny,' replied the purveyor of aqueous lacteal fluid, ' he can't run very fast, but he can stand the fastest horse you ever saw.' New Reading. — A young man of 20, recently took to wife a Pennsylvania widow of 53, the sole proprietress of a couple of paying petroleum wells. Of him it may be truly said that ' he loved not wisely, but two wells.' A Warning ! — A man who jumped overboard and was drowned at New York left a memorandum saying ' Whisky did this.' The coroner said that water did it, and that if he had stuck to whisky he might have been alive now. Fob Wives. — -' Don't you ever believe that your husband takes too much on his own hook,' counsels an American con temporary. 'It is his intimate friend who prizes his mouth open with a crow bar and pours the champagne into him j by the basketful.' Impartial. — New Curate (who wishes to know all about parishioners) — ' Then do I understand you that your aunt is on your father's side, or your mother's ?' Country lad — ' Zoraetimes one an' zorne times the other, 'cepting when feyther whacks 'em both, sir !' — Punch. A Good Place' to Faint. — If a woman wants to faint in comparative safety, Maine is the place to do it. A woman fainted in a car on a Maine railway, and 13 liquor flasks were promtly placed at her disposa1. It niay be incidently men tioned that there were iuat 13 men in the car. — Danbury News. j Carving.— A loin of mutton was on the. table, and the gentleman opposite took the carver in his hand. ' Shall I cut it saddlewise?' quotb he. ' You had better cut it bridlewise,' replied his neighbour, ' for then we shall have a chance to get a bit into our mouths.' Pithy. — The following correspondence passed between a gentleman who had leaned a friend lOOdols. and his friend : ' Dear Sir, — In closing my books I find you are indebted to me 100 dol. Please remit. Yours, &c.;' ' Dear Sir, — Iu open ing mine I find that I havea't a cent, so I can't. Yours, &c; .'—Cincinnati Satur day Night. JSevere. — A hired boy. on receiving his wages from his master, purchased a 1 lantern. The master quizzed him rather j sorely on tbe point, an l asked him what he intended doing with his lantern. 'I'm gaun tae tab' it Vi' me tae coort,' 1 was the reply. ' I never used tae tak' a lantern wi' me tae coort,' answered the J master, 'I thocht -sae,' muttered the i boy, ' yer choice shows that.' — Punch. Tue Hawkeye says it takes a drug clerk of broad judgement and liberal views, and a calm, statesmanlike control over bis features to know how to give a citizen the right bind of syrup iu his sodawater when the citizen's wife says sbe will take tbe same as her husband. Did the Prophet Isiah ever eat at a railroad station ? It certainly looks so, for how could he have described it so literally if he had not ? ' And he shall snatch on the right hand and be hungry ; and he shall eat on the left band, and they shall not be satisfied.' ' What dark hair you have got, Miss M ? ! My wife, who is much younger than you, has her hair quite grey.' 'Indeed rejoined Miss M 'if I had been your wife, mv hair no doubt had been grey too.' Oham depicts a Parisian welcoming a country relation with : ' How good it is of you to come ! for you are just in time to assist me in nursing a friend from Rio Janerio, who has the yellow fever.' ' Madam,' said ? a physician to a patient, £-you have grown wonderfully thin of late.' 'Yes, doctor,' she re plied, ' I am getting more and more emancipated every day.*' A Cautious Loveb. — 'When I courted her, ' said Spreadwater, ' I took a lawyer's advice, and sigaed every letter to my love, 'Yours, Without pre judice.' A Scotch physician, long resident in Rome, coming out from an audience of the Pope, recently said : — ** Never have I seen such a change in any human being unless produced by some physical illness. Cardinal Pecci was a tall, erect, well-knit figure, his presence was imposing, his gesture commanding, bin voice sonorous and vibrating. Leo XIII. is a bent old man, his hani shakes as with palsy, bis voice is hoarse, and the glance of his eye is uncertain and suspicions.' In a case heard in a country insol vency court MacSwagger was putting some point strongly before the jange, whea .the opposing council, jumping up, fs&id;, ' Oh 1 if yonr Honor can swallow that, you can swallow any thing,' ' Well retorted MacS., 'I don't care what your Honour swallows, so long as you don't make it returnable in this court !' — jEgles. An American was lately complaining to a friend of mine about the carelessness of hotel servants when answering in quiries about persons residing |in the house. ' Why, sir, a countryman of mine who was s aying at tbe Grand Hotel at Paris asked for himself at the inquiry-office 12 times, and was told eacn time that there was no such person staying in tbe house. At last on the twelfth occasion he got riled, and said to the'clerk,' You're a (forcible American expletive) for I'm the man myself, and I've been living here for a fortnight 1' ' —-jEgles. An action brought by Prince Louis Napolean against the Siecle newspaper for defamation of his father, was tried on July 17th. The libel consisted in the assertion, that the late .Emperor Napoleon the Third had fraudulently augmented his revenues by selling State lands and wood. A verdict was given against the Siecle with 2000 francs fine. Long Ago. — There was a period of over one thousand years in the history of the world when doors had no keyholes, and a citizeu could be seen feeling all over the door without exciting the least sus picion against his social standing. Bad Advice. — An indifferent actor was playing Cassio at a country' theatre. When He came to the passage, ' Oh, that men should put an enemy in their mouth to steal their brains,' a stentorian voice roared from the gallery, ' All right, old fellow, drink away ; you're safe !' Reserved Judgment. — Lord Pol kemmet used to describe his judical prepai-ations in a characteristic manner : ' Ye see,' he would say, ' I first read a' the pleadings, and then, and then after letting them wamble in my wame wi' toddy twa or three days, I gie my ain inter locutor.' The American Communist. — The Baltimore Gazette describes the average Communist as an ' ignorant man, with warts on his nose, a vagabond from birth, who hasn't made up his mind to take to the country as a tramp, and who lacks both the nerve and ingenuity to he a burglar. At the end of June, the wife of a tinker gave birth to four children, three boys and a girl, in a cave off the road leadirg along the shore about two miles from Oban. — Edinburgh Daily Review. An Orphan. — Ad old darkey was en deavouring to explain unfortunate con dition. *' Yon see,' remarked Sambo, 'it was in this way as far as I can re member : Fas* my f&dder; died, den my mudder married agin ; and den mv muader died, den my fadder married agin ; and somehow I doesn't seem to have no parents at all, nor no home, nor nuffin.' A Fellow Feeling. — A crocodile watched a small boy who sat injudi ciously near him on the bauk of the river. T«e small boy was eating a piece of bread. He was hungry. The crocodile was also hnngry. On perceiv ing tbis sympathetic bond between tb ir natnres]tbe crocodile was moved to tears. ' Poor boy,' he said; ' you want your breakfast. So do I. Y*t why should I deprive yoti of your bread, which yon eat with so much relish ? I will not. But yonr tags — you cannot eat them. I will eat them for you.' The Power of Kindness. — It has been ascertained that a book agent can hi won by kindness. One day last week a West Hill man tried it on one of th^m. He beat bim witb a bludgeon and broke his arm, and poured kerosene over bis olothes, and set fire to it, shot him through the lungs, and finally locked him up in a room with a mad dog, and the agent, deeply affected, whispered through the key hole that as soon as the dog got through with him, he'd let him have a copy. of 'Moody's Ancedotes' for 65 cents., which was 30 per cent. off. — ? Burlington Hawkeye. Encouraging for Mac. — In a provin cial theatre the part of Macbeth was being recently played hy a clever actor, who was also a very great favourite with his audience. In the bauquet-scene he had delivered his closing words to the ghost of Banquo, 'Hence, horrible shadow? Unreal mockery, hence !' when he dropped upon his knee, covered his face with hi-* robe, and shuddered convulsively. Carried away by the intensity of the acting, a youth in the gallery, on seeing Banquo disappear, cried out, 'It's all right now, governor — he's gone.' Tough Swearing. — 'Gentlemen of the jury,' said a Tuscarora lawyer,' what kind of swearing has been done in this case? Here we have a physician — a men who, from bis high end noble calling, should he regarded as one who would scorn - to stain his soul with perjury, or be guilty of giving utterance to an untruth ; but what did he testify, gentlemen? I put the question to him plainly, as you all heaid, '; Where was this man stabbed V And what was his reply ? Unblushing ly, h's features as cool as thoueh cut f»om marble, he replied -that the man was stabbed about an inch and a h-ilf to the left of the med'eal line, and about en inch below diaphragm, and yet we bave proved by three witnesses that be wsa stabbed just below the Young American Hoisting Works.' The cultivation of the ostrich feather industry, in a suitable climate like that of South Australia, is (says the Melbourne ; Argus) the object which has induced Captain Wilson, for thirty years port captain at Gape Town, to emigrate to Adelaide, where he arrived by the Garonne last week. Ostrich farming , has proved so successful and profitable in South Africa, that it is considered there will be no great difficulty in estab lishing it in these colonies. Captain Wilson has brought three fine full-grown ostriches with him. A Mystery Explained. — 'Oh! my husband is quite a paragon of perfection,' said Mrs. A. to Mrs. B. ' Ah, indeed ! Don't he drink any more?' asked Mrs. B._ 'No,' said Mrs. A. 'About \iro^- months ago he came home— retoseated^ and I told him if ever he did so Again I'd go home to ma, -and he 'cton't drink now.' ' That accounts for it,' said Mrs B. ' The other night my husband met him in the street hanging to a lamp-post, and asked him why he didn't go home, and he said he would as soon as he got sober.' When Mrs. A. and Mrs. B. pass ' each other in the street now, the coolness is as thick as a quart of ice cream. An Infallible Rule. — To know whether a garden has been planted or not an American paper gives the following rule : ' If one forgets whether beds are planted or not a good way to tell is to turn a stray cat into the garden. If the beds are planted, the cat will proceed to face round and dig into them, and act as if it had relatives in China whom it was anxious to get at ; while, if they are not, it will sit down calmly in the path and seem to be meditating on the progress of missionary work in America. A cat's instinct seldom deceives in this matter.' 