ON DOCTORS. Doctors are tall men wiih eye-glaBses, and black coai6, and shiny hats, and bends in their backs. They have soft voices, and speak as if they had just left off einging very solemn music. They smile softly when they meet you, and shake hands with you in a low deliberate way. They love the society of canary birds and leeches, and other sprightly and entertaining animals. They get their clothes brushed every time the clock strikes, and rub their hats with damp towels to make them glisten. They drink cold water when they rise in the morning for their health, and put oil in tbeir hair for tbe good of trade. They are much afraid of ghoet}. A man once told me that no one ever yet saw the ghost of a doctor, for the moment a doctor dies all the other ghosts gather round his ghost and treat it so badly that it is ashamed to show its face to respectable peopte ever after- j wards. He told me that the reason of j this is because the doctors made nearly ! all the other ghosts, and ghosts are a most ungrateful class of people. When doctors come into a parlor or drawing-room, they bow, and rub one hand over another, and smile, and bend over you, and ask in a whisper, "How are we getting on ?" Then they walk over to the chimney glass, and arrange their scarfs and hair, and the j folds ol their shirts; after this they turn their backs to the gl^BB, and having stretched out their arms, to the full length, twist their wristbands a iitlie, and smooth the back of one hand with the palm ol the other. All tbiB makes them cool and collected, and prevents them from looking within ten years of j their real age. When doctors come into a bedroom, they smile and talk about the weather and the price of mutton. Then they look out of the window, end ask who lives opposite, and whether his eldest daughter is not married to young Edmunds of the Lancers, and if there | is any truth in the rumor that his ] eldest son has given up bis wild faabit6 and is attending to bis profession. After this they walk over to the sick person, and say, " Well, so you have persuaded yourself that you are not well. Now, let us see—let us see." Then they catch hold of the person's hand, and take out a huge gold watch, and look as if they were going to steep. After a while they shut the: watch-case with a loud snap, and sigh faintly, as if they were waking; then j look up at the ceiling, and look down at the ground, and make figures with ; the tocB of their boots on the carpet. : After this they enquire how olten tbe: sick person has asked what o'clock it was during the past week, and if he; had been picking his teeth with brass, or cutting his hair with a rat-trap. After they have been answered, they request the sick person to put out his tongue. When they see the tongue they say, " H'm," very softly, and sit down with another sigh. They then enquire if the sick person has expressed any wish for sausages or buttered toast or oxalic acid, or any other poison, or if he ha? been using terms of sflection in connexion with? the name of his mother-in-law, or with the Russian War, or the Income-tax. or if he has in any other way exhibited decided symptoms of a wandering or enfeebled mind. Upon being answered, they say " H'm" again, and leave the room immediately afterwards. As soon as they get back to the parlour or drawing-room, they say that the sick person is not in good health, and he must be kept as quiet as possi ble. They order him to be provided with a pocket-handkerchief, and light literature, and whey or brandy, ac cording to his taste. They forbid that he shall see any bills, or telegrams in the daily papers, or anything else that would be likely to excite or exasperate him. Then they take a piece of paper, and write a lew badly spelled words, and draw three-legged stools, and fry ing pass, and regiments of soldiers, and other childish fignreB upon it and requbst to have this sent to tbe apothe cary's. When the apothecary sets this he says "Oh, bother?" and places it on a file, lie then takes a bottle of paraffin oil, and having put a pinch of salt and a little nutmeg into it, sends it home to the sick man. —Emanuel Kink. 