OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] This session of Parliament is drawing to a close and the Cabinet have decided if possible to finish up the business by the 12th November. The usual round of amusements has been kept going during the past week at the various theatres and concert halls in this city. At the Theatre Royal Mr. Wybert Reeve has been drawing good houses by his splendid impersonations of " Count Fosco in Wilkie Collins' " Woman in White" and " Captain Wragge's in " No Name " from the pen of the same author. Mr. and Mrs. Morton Tavares have been producing some good plays, including a new sensational drama, " British Bom " at the Princess Theatre ; Mr, Creswick, the veteran tragedian, is still playing at the Opera House ; Mr. D'Orsay Ogden and Miss Beatrice are playing to fair houses at the Academy of Music, and D'Arcy Read's Ghost is being well patronised at the At he next. The AAfieatleiqh's Dramatic Company are to appear at a new Theatre at Emerald Hill next week in the Shaughraun, after which, I understand, Mr. Wheatleigh proceeds to Calcutta. As I ventured to predict the confcrcncotloctweon the two Committees of the Houses of Parliament has ended in. placing, so far as a settlement of the differences in the constitutional reform question is concerned. The Assembly committee included the Chief Secretary, the Attorney-General and Professor Pearson, and to expect any one of those gentleman to budge a single inch upon the ground they had taken up in the Constitutional question would be beyond reasonable probability inasmuch as they were pledged to the principle of the plebiscitum, white the representations of the Council are strongly opposed to that principle. It was not therefore, likely that any satisfactory compromise would be arrived at, and after these lengthy sittings the conference have left the question of constitutional reform in exactly the same state as it was before The reports of both committees swore presented to Parliament yesterday and clearly evidenced the impossibility of the representatives of the two Chambers coming to an understanding, in fact Mr. Barry went so far yesterday as to designate one of the proposals submitted to the conference by the Committee of the Council, to an " insult to the Assembly." The coffee tavern movement is being carried on in the most energetic manner, both in Melbourne and the suburbs, and it is anticipated that within a few months we shall have coffee taverns" and "coffee palaces" in full operation. The Metropolitan Company are to have a capital of £20,000 and it is proposed to establish a oolTcc-palaco in Melbourne that will possess all the comforts and attractions of a first-class hotel, visits. intoxicants. In Collingwood and Prahran the movement is still far more advanced and the general public opinion is that it is a step in the right direction. These coffee-houses I am glad to say, will be conducted on purely sound commercial principles, and no attempt will be made to introduce that "mawkish-pious*4 element that generally has the effect of prematurely ending most movements of this kind. If these enterprises are to he made successful as counter attractions to the public house, the would-be customer must not be reached by any unseasonable prudery, and if men cannot have the fullest freedom to smoke, play billiards and otherwise enjoy themselves in a coffee house, they will very quickly go to the publichouse, where they can have that freedom, without having Sankey's hymns stayed in the upper room, while they are placing billiards below, or having to run the' market of a pious tract distributor at the entrance to nearly every room. I am not making these remarks in any movement or cavilling spirit, but simply to point out that to drag in piety, in season, and out of season is not the way to attract the class, which we wish most to see at these coffee houses. The Bill ¡utrcwhioed by Sir John O'Shanassy for the amendment of the Education Act with a view to give the Roman Catholic body a separate endow- ment for educational purposes, will, in all probability, never reach a decision, in moving the second reading of this measure, which strikes at the very root of our present free, secular, and coan, pulsory system, Pjr John O'Shanassy made a very exhaustive, and the speech in its defence, and! exerted himself to the utmost to convince his hearers that the present educational system is a gross in ! justice to the Roman Catholic body, The support, however which he will receive from either side of the House will be very feeble, and as far as the Qovcrpmentj W concerned, they will oppose the Bill tooth and nail, Major Smith, the Minister of Education, regards the measure as neither more nor less than a " bombshell thrown into the Ministerial camp," and he doubts very much, if the introducer over had any hope or intention of passing his proposal through either House. Anyhow, there is very little probability of the Bill even reaching a division, as it has been made an order of the day for Wednesday week (November 9th), and being placed among the private business, can only be discussed on Wednesday afternoon between 400 and (a-half. It will probably be talked out of the House till Parliament adjourns, and our present clues today system will go on for another year, at least. ? miles. AN 'ROAD Details." - Earl Russell, when a number of years ago at Liverpool attending the shooting of the Social Science Association, was desirous of proceeding to the offices of Mr. William Brown, M. P. ; but not knowing the way, he requested the local secretary to find him some one who did The secretary accordingly led him from the committee-room, at the door of which WAS Carlyle, the detective, under whose care Lord John immediately proceeded on his way. On going along the hall, gentleman asked one of the waiters if he knew who the old man was whom Carlyle had in charge, "Ah, yes ; he's an old dodger, as I have been watching him all morning," widow j " but he's ubbednow, anyhow." . ;.?,.; 