ONe £>£ö.ttjy! JOTonttaff Herald. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 21, 1378. THE season has come round again for our regular Agricultural Exhibition, or, as the Americans would call it. our Agricultural Fair. It may perhaps be difficult to say which appellation is more appropriate. A Fair is an old English word which made no pretensions, and which implied business. The modern phrase "Exhibition "puts on some airs, affects a little artistic polish, and is rather ashamed of being thought shoppy. Experience, however shows that exhibitions, merely as such, pall upon the public taste, and that they only keep up their vitality in proportion as there is a core of business lenient that sufficiently interest is a certain number of persons in their success. We have now the tenth Exhibition in Sydney under the auspices of our Agricultural Society, and the continuous interest and success of' these exhibitions is of itself sufficient proof that they are based on reality, and that they meet a want. It it a matter of surprise to many poisons that they have not ere this proved a failure. There is not in New South Wales an over supply of public spirit, and there is quite that Call amount of fickleness which demands novelty But the displays at Prince Alfred Park hold their own amid counter attractions, and though each fresh year, the society has continued to feel that it was making somewhat of an experiment on the public taste, the crowds that have gathered have made the experiment a financial success. Last year was made notable by the special effort of our Canadian fellow- colonists to introduce their wares to our notice, and next year, if all goes well, we are to make a more ambitious effort, and invite all the world to an International Exhibition, as a preliminary to a supreme effort a few years hence, when we are to have a Centennial Exhibition. On the present occasion, our American cousins are exerting themselves to push their wares on our attention, and in their effort we wish them all success ; but the principal difficulty in trading with America is that America will not trade with us. Commerce is a matter of reciprocity under the operation of which each country exchanges what it produces to most advantage, for what it can purchase to most advantage. The protectionist policy intercepts this natural operation, and for the sake of forcing local industry compels purchasers to buy in a bad market. The Americans have hugged this theory with great affec- tion for many years, and have done so on the presumption that their own market was large and expansive enough to give great scope to their manufacturing efforts and if ever there was a country in the world that could have been satisfied with a home market, it is America. The greatest republic has an enormous territory, a rapidly-increasing population, and room for millions more. It has therefore tried on the largest scale, and under the most favourable opportunities, the theory that protection is an all-sutflcive policy for a State, and it has failed. It is now passing into the second stage of its experience in this matter, and so far from being contented with its home market, it is pressing in every direction to find markets all over the world. It has reached the limit of its manufacturing prosperity, so far as its local market is concerned, and, in fact, has overdone that market to such an extent as to find that it has wasted a large portion of the capital it has fixed in plant and machinery, that it has drawn from agricultural pursuits and trained to artisan life a larger number of persons than it can continuously employ, and has produced a general condition of depression and prostra- tion. Profits are now lower in America than they have been for many years ; much lower than they ought to be in a country which can find a ready market for all its agricultural produce ; while the wages of labour are not only lower than ever before, but even lower than in the mother country. To get out of this difficulty, the Americans are straining every nerve to widen their markets, and they hope, by super-adding a foreign commerce to their local industries, to restore the fallen fortunes of the former. Hut they are everywhere met with this difficulty, that their own prohibitix*o laws are and commercial ; they not only set a bad example to the countries they wish to trade with, but they put difficulties in the way, by hindering that return trade, without which commerce must always be subject to disabilities. The American visitors who have come to Australia have found the great difference between New South Wales and Victoria. In the latter colony, they find the Custom-house bristling with a hostile tariff, and they are delighted with the liberality of New South Wales, which lets most of their goods in duty free. Yet if the United States tariff is sound in its policy, that of Victoria must be equally sound ; if protection is a good thing at New York, it cannot be a bad thing at Melbourne ; if it is good doctrine in Pennsylvania that the consumer should be taxed to encourage the producer, it must be equally good at Geelong. America can only trade with all the rest of the world in proportion as the rest of the world ignores the principles it has hitherto idolized. If free trade is wrong, then the people of New South Wales are very silly in leaving their ports wide open to let in American goods, and our enlightened neighbours, instead of coming here with the not unworthy, but still somewhat carnal purpose of turning a few dollars, would play a higher part by coming here as propagandists, on the lofty mission of educating us up to the duty of new communities, of making us understand our interests and our oppor Utilities. Australia has never yet had a deputation from the United States sent expressly to teach us that protection is the true policy for a young country. AAro should be much interested to witness the arrival of such a band of missionaries, and especially at the present juncture, when every British ship from San | Francisco brings us one or more agents of various business firms sent expressly to find some market here for America wires. These mercantile emissaries do not teach protection here ; whatever they may think about its suitability for Anicuicn, they are extremely desirous that we should practise free trade. But how are we to be good customers to America if the Americans will not be good customers to no ? What they sell to us is not taxed at all, or only very lightly taxed, but everything we wish to tell to them in return is heavily taxed. If. therefore, they wish to include Australia among the countries with whom they desire a large commerce, they must take off the duties on our produce, yet we already hear that the new Tariff Bill is likely to prove a failure, and that the protectionist influences gathered at in Washington are too strong to allow of the desired commercial development. But while traders from abroad take advantage of our annual Exhibition to bring their wares prominently under public notice, and while in so doing they add to the interest and attractive- ness' of those shows, the essential cause of the success of these Exhibitions is to be found in the fact, that they" are essentially local fairs. The live stock is the great centre of attraction. Both buyers and sellers find those annual gatherings a great business benefit, while the outside public, as is not unnatural in a. community, the basis of whose prosperity is still pastoral, area on the whole more interested in the horse and cattle rings than in anything else on the ground. There is a great combination of attractions, but the centre and core of the whole is the live stock department. If it were not that the annual display is essentially a cattle fair, its interest would have waned ere this. Tun custom hitherto has been to associate destitution with the lower classes of society, but it would seem that in England at least, it is beginning to assume somewhat serious proportions among the middle classes, that is to say among the professional and commercial divisions of the community. It is a significant fact that these ilivi=iioTis are increasing faster than any others. In a recent essay on middle-class destitution Mr. AI.SAIÎER HAT HILL points out that, "in the year lh71 the professional class stood at 1,768,000, and the commercial nt 3.000.000, the total population of the United Kingdom being returned 33 01,857,03S poisons.'" It thus appears that the middle-class workers form about one sixth of the population of the mother country. The chief outlets for the professional portion of this division of society are the Army and Navy, the Medical profession, the Bar, and the Church. For the commercial section there are the ordinary spheres of business, and the Civil service. In regard to the Bar, Mr. HILL reminds us that "many are called but few are chosen." A glance over the bald heads at a Temple service any Sunday in term time would call up no cheerful suggestion as to the numbers of superfluous veterans who lag on the stage longer after the chance even of playing the general utility man in a varied profession must have passed away." The piping times of peace have offered for the growing middle classes few outlets in the Army and Navy, and if instead of the Bar, choice is made of the Army, there is little consolation after all, since " there is now but a narrow gulf fixed between the lower lines of military service and the social discomfort and distress which the least change of circumstances may rapidly convert into destitution." The Church offers a more certain but not a more cheering prospect to youths of the middle class, since, although its demands may be in advance of its supplies, its conditions and restrictions are growingly dis- tasteful to the classes which in former times aspired to the honour of swelling its ranks. "Until," says Mr. HILL, the lines of the sacred profession have fallen in broader places than as now by the Articles established it is unlikely, we think, that the unemployed and more highly educated section of the middle class will avail themselves of the openings offered by the numerous curacies which may be seen advertised from week to week in the Guardian and the Hock." The outlets which remain are the City, and the Civil Service at home or abroad, and in each the excess of the demand for openings over the supply is sufficiently well known. It is, perhaps, hardly an exaggera- tion to say that " if any second-rate broker were in want of a gentleman to conduct his correspondence or to answer his bell, a thousand men who, in older days at any rate, would have been in armour, would be ready at his call." Perhaps it is within the mark to say that any merchant who has desirable places to offer may make sure of fifty applicants for every situation at his disposal, and that a Minister of the Crown would have little difficulty in commanding twice that number. We know of an, instance in which an advertisement for a good pen- man, with some knowledge of bookkeeping, brought five hundred applicants within a few hours after it was issued. For the middle as well as for the lower classes of the mother country an outlet has hitherto been found in the colonies and elsewhere. The colonies themselves, however, must supply their own outlets, and though they may, as yet, know little of the middle class destitution, or even of the middle class stagnation which is said to be getting inconveniently large in the mother country, the tendency to overdo the professions and to rush the clerkships in Government and merchants' offices is as marked, and may-by-and byo prove to be as serious in the colonies as at home. , Everywhere an undue proportion of the community turns to large cities and the the chief centres? of population expand to enormous sizes, and are ever in possession of numbers who are waiting for something to turn up. No one can have failed to have been struck with the demand there is in allauajrterB for light labour, and especially for light I labour that bears the brand of respectability, j Domestic servants want to be machinists, i and machinists want to be something else. ' Artisans and labourers seek places in merchants' establishments and Government departments. The commercial classes are I drained to swell the professional, the industrial to swell the commercial, and the agricultural to swell the industrial. These changes are being brought about so rapidly and with such, continuity in the old country that to quote the writer to whom we have alluded, if in this department of progress the t nation goes on as it has been doing, " we must look forward to the small gentleman farmer as one of the extinct mammalia at no very , distant date, at any rate so far as sustenance from the soil is concerned." It is not difficult to account for the disproportionate growth, of the classes to which we are referring. Part of it is doubt- | : less due to the exclusive character both of our primary and secondary education. Xu our schemes of public instruction we have as yet attached little or no importance to agriculture and handicraft. The boys in our schools are taught reading, writing, and aright- I arctic and for the practical purposes of life there is not much more than that. Hence. so far as schools are concerned we too often | get clerics and little else. The spread of ¡ education has vastly increased the number OAE those who can do clerical work. When the great majority could not use their pens; at all, labour was the inevitable lot of the multitude. , But schemes of public instruction have i brought a new faculty, and naturally the ' sphere that is most sought is the one that harmonises with it. Further, the old notion as to the vulgarity of business-that is to say of commerce in one sphere t and of industry in another still clings very tenaciously to mankind, notwithstanding the growth of the world's common sense. A j servant or a mechanic is held to be an inferior being, while the custodian of a lodger or a sewing machine belongs to a higher order of humanity. In the same way, the idea has been and is still that the doctor, the lawyer, and the clergyman are gentlemen, while the rest if gentlemen at all which is not likely are so in spite of their calling. It is not wonderful, therefore, that fathers who have worked their own way up, as the phrase goes, should aim to do something better for their sons, and that popular education and social success should be looked upon chiefly as instruments by which youths and families may pass from a lower social grade to a higher one. A great portion, of the world still believe in the inherent vulgarity of trade, and this is a matter in connection with which men honestly seek to practise what they believe. In these and other ways one class is being swelled at the expense of another, and much of our educational and social machinery becomes a means whereby we manufacture goods for an overstocked market, is. HAY BILL undertakes to tell us how the social evil referred to may he cured. In doing this he will probably find that he has a harder task than he imagines. Cures for evils of this kind are usually brought about by popular reactions, by the growth of sensible as well as of intelligent views, and by the exercise of individual common sense in the settlement of that most important question What shall we do with our boys ? Min. SUMMARY VIA SAN FRANCISCO.-'lhesumuiary of colonial news for transmission to Europe via California, by the R M. S. Australia will be published in this journal to-morrow morning. April !!f>. Orders for extra copies should be lodged with the clerk at the counter this day. Our friends in the country are reminded that orders to post for England will be too late after to-morrow morning's mail. OUR CABLE NEWS. The aspect of European affairs seems to be somewhat less pacific than it w as a few days ago. According to the messages we publish this morning, it is doubtful whether, notwithstanding German mediation, a congress of the Powers will be held. And so long in Russia refuses to submit to be bound by its determinations, scarcely any good results could be hoped for from such a gathering. It is reported at Berlin that Russia refuses such submissions-, and the fact that it is at Berlin that mediatory negotiate front have been gpingonfor the last few days, gives to the rumour an air of probability. Last week eight regiments of the Indian army, with two batteries of artillery, were ordered to Malta; and forty-five transports were chartered at Bombay to convey them thither. Great enthusiasm is said to prevail amongst these troops. With regard to the Russo-Rumanian difficulty, an encounter has taken place between the armies of the Czar and. Prince Charles, but with what result is not stated in our message. GovEtivstixT HOUSE Many persons called at Government House yesterday, to make inquiries respecting his Excellency's son, who, as our readers are aware, is seriously ill at Melbourne. A telegram received at Government House last evening xx as to the effect that the patient was perfectly conscious, and that no unto a ard symptoms had manifested themselves A later message which we received through Reuter's agency gives a still more hopes til account. The crisis of the disease is past, and the medical attendants believe the recovery of the patient is assured. ELECTORAL Kerr REVISION COURT-Yesterday a court xx fis.hed at the Supreme Court for the revision of the East Sydney Electoral Roll. The man states present were Messrs. J. Jones, chairman ; -T. B. Smithers, R. G. Reading, J. Hughes, H. Connell, J. Vickery, and Solomon. There were fifty-five supply cants ; the majority of these, however, were found to have their names already on the list; and only ten new names were added. This speaks well for the manner in which the police have collected the 1 East Sydney Roll for the present year. DisTriCT CounT. There was a long list of cases 'for trial yesterday morning before Mr. District Court Judge Josephson, but none of them possessed any features of public importance. SALE or Sr on CATTLE AT NEPEAN TOWERS. Catalogues for Mr. R L. Jenkins' first annual sale, to be held to-morrow-, at Douglas Park, has been issued by Messrs. Griffiths and Weaver. It is stated that thirty-four pure Shorthorn bulls, and forty-six pure Shorthorn heifers and cows will be offered. AmiEST or A Surrosnn MURDERER. By the Way Aga coach which arrived at Hay on Thursday moral eg, two members of the Narandera police force are re ported by the Grazier to have come armed with a a warrant for the apprehension of a well-known character named Hector Gillies, xx he is charged xx-it is j the murder of a young man named Raymond i I Layard, at Wagga, about three years ago, an' ! occurrence which our readers will recollect as being surrounded by mystery, no clue having been obtained as to who were the perpetrators of the deed. Senior-constable King and constable Cullen, on their array all here on Thursday morning, veryshiewdty kept their business to themselves until the chief object of their visit was accomplished-the arrest of Gillies. The first intimation of their arrival, or of the nature of their mission, was their appearance at the Haylock . up with the prisoner Hector Gillies in custody. This I was within two hours of their arrival. It is believed that the issue of a warrant arose out of a rumour that some man at Narandera had, in a confession, implicated another news in the murder of the man Havard. ' fc-FDiMART. Franz The following cases have beat I treated at the Sydney Infirmary -John Carr, 17, fractured ulna , George Pope, 21, Collis's fracture , Louisa Jacobs, 8, cut foot, Elphio Mansfield, 20 1 convulsions, Charles Lever, 39, wound over eye- I brown James II Powell, 64, wound on leg AViUiarj I Carroll was taken by a constable to the Infirmary) I suffering" from a wound an inch in length north 1 left upper eyelid the eye and chetkwtre also con I siderably blackened | A iNf Dicrvsr IN ViCTORIA -The Age of Saturday 1 states that a report has been felt arrived totheChtel 1 Secretary by the inspectors appointed under the I [ A ino Diseases Act, in which it is stated that it will of j be necessary to destroy nine more vineyards Some of of these are of ten acres each, others of less extent 1 The inspectors thereupon report that when these 1 vineyards are destroyed the seas, as far as is at 1 present know 11, will be stamped out Had precautions been taken earlier than they were no possible doubt, would exist as to the idea section of the disease but owing to the delay of the Legislature in passing the Act, it will be impossible to state for certain until next season, whether the plague has been finally eradicated or not I Ann ICAN EvitorANTS for SvoNrv.-Referring to the departure of the Ivanhoe flora cry York to Cayenne), with 173 emigrants on board the New York" correspondent of the Argus writes , under date March 1 9 - ' When I lost wrote you 111 regard to emigration from the country to Sydney, it was on the eve of the I palling:; of the last vessel but one of those which have I left this port Messrs L. "W Cameron and Co ; the very c forged a en B of the colony in lieu York, the 1 announced that no more emigrants should be sent on' until there had been time to hear from those who had already done, and that on their success WORTH depend the prosecution of the scheme It has since been reported though on no very definite I am ho it, so far as I have been able to trace, that he r-" batch of emigrants fared very badly that they found themselves Strangers in a s range land ' v 1 about one and without v one end were begging in ments to return home Doubtless you are much both to than I to judge whether there was any 1 but 1 1 these r port a Ho ever that may be, the 1st 1 C- ucio 1 and Con- sure me that their own I as Minds are wholly encouraging,, and that I. as, I mi by Horn inducement .) hell out through letters of OIII'I warrants already 111 At Australia tin. so man). i,),)n tariff have *>lip'"iiol t themselves that it was I finally concluded to 01 patch at her ship This I val 110 e on the 12th of Fe! near-, when The Ivanhoe East Indies with 173 emigrants aboard is sinner, I n 11 told, was s"lceted.rom' nearly three tim sis 11 no v r police it The terms of shipment and the military 01 aid given by the colonial Government voice the' man it. is ("resented 111 my previous letter fellow man: is an abstract of the list of passengers by the Iv mill co J-Adult , married, 21 males, 14 females adults, single, SO males" females , children 20 males, lb fema cJ total, 127 males, 18 females The preparatory e of FMIICCI workmen was con Milprablc 71 of he 127 male adults coming fairly in de tim' had Of these 15 were lancers 2 winner, 2 railroad sign cars, 4 domes tie 2 shepherds, and 49 of various callings, such a carpenter, plumber , metal workers harnessmaker, X.C Of these cruelties themselves as simply labourers There were "C The seven unmarried females were confined to domesticated one sort or another state of the 21 married females only one announced her profession, which, naturally enough was that of mother 1 neglected to notice whether she earned yu h her any specimens of her success in her calling, but I should say that she was quite in the line of the policy adopted by the New South Wales Government ARTisT I'noor - A collector xx rites to the At- in cr i n - What are we to think of the scores of so called artist proofs from the poor modern played after Reynolds the. enormous numbers from a popular Xmdseei, or the still greater quantity from such a picture is Air Holman Hunt s ' Shadow of Death The fact is nine tenths sometimes ninety nine hundredths are nothing better really than prints on Indian paper without letters So commercial has the trade in turn become that even painters of high honour and repute xxiii sign any number of artist proofs, yet mg I presume royalty on each All the lovers Jxiioxx How true art interests suffer by such practices and how ultimately the fashionable prisoners are naturally temp edtopushxxhatpavsratherthanwhatii good Of course I know that these so called proofs are stamped by the Pnntiellers Association i, and those in the secret of the mystic letters can tell how far on each copy is., but the buyer, the public, are simply ignorant as to whether the copy before them is No 7 01 to 700 A common dodge of the fashionable passenger is to offer a premium on so called proofs a few months after their home links on the Stock Exchange is polled bulling I believe it should be clearly defined what an artist proof and each copy of a plate should bear a progressive number in plan English If this be done, engravers max yotbecomt artists again, and take a pride in doing fine work rather than pretty work Why has not somebody published a key to the marks of the Pnntsellers' As sociations It would not occupy more of one of our columns than this paragraph Russia IN THE PAcific -It is sufficiently remarkable (says the Pall Mall Ga etc), that whenever any serious misunderstanding exists with Russia we hear that all preparations have been made to prey upon our commerce in the Pact is that arrangements have been entered into for the equipment of privateers in American ports and so forth So persistent are they aiviiouncertente that we incline to look upon them as apart of the systematic game of political " poker xx high Russia has so successfully played for two years I relit at our expense But for that very reason we ought neither to be deluded nor allow ourselves to be injured when we are thus forewarned There can no doubt that if war does occur, we could be considerably damaged in the Pacific Ocean 1 by Russian cruisers if their commanders those to run such risks as no English captain would shrink from when he saw a good chair of of injuring the enemy At present we are not strong enough in the Pacific for the interests we have to protect Nor must it be for got ten that there exists between Russia and Japan certt >m stringent engagements which at the corn meal "ment of a struggle would very possibly tell against us These are points altogether trifling as regards our main policy, but they should not be over looked At a general sun ex of the situation. The heavy expenditure incurred atPettopaulox ski, andtheobvioui wish to si tons xx do with China and Japan ought to convince us that, so far as adequate preparation for contingencies can secure her interests, Russia at any rate does not intend be taken at a disadvantage The threat of fitting out miva ever. in America is interesting, as, showing' the amount of importance which Russian journalists and diplomatists attach to the Declaration of Paris Indeed, as the Russians now contend that the Treaty of Paris is torn up it is difficult to see what remains, from their point of view, of the Declaration itself, which Bancroft an informal document attached to the Treat) They are well aware, how ex t>r, that two can play at the game of prix steering, and that the; first ' privateer ' which issued from an American port would be the signal for such appeals as would daunt the courage of any European Power whose alliance Russia max be>bar8anung for at the present time THE Tin AITKEN, etc Considering the number of visitors now in town for the Carnival week, it is not surprising that all the places of amusement, yesterday even", were crowded At the Victoria Theatre, there was a large and appreciative audience to xi thiess the performance of Shakspeare's play, Henry IV, in which Mr. Creswick so admirably impersonates the fat knight Sir John Falstaff, who is not only witty himself, but the cause of wit in others The play went very smoothly, and elicited not only frequent applause, but what IS even more flat owing to the victors the rapt attention of the " 1 nipo- lhe'cnteitamment at the Theatre Royal consisted of the most extravagant of all extrava | «ronzas-Byrons 'Ivanhoe in which Miss Lydia I Howard Miss Maggie Oliver Missionary, Mr South, , and the rest of the company, so well perform their wives, and so thoroughly keep up the humour of the pit, so, that the (spectators can only laugh and admire and 1 they are perfectly exhausted The Georgia Mine trees at the Queen's Theatre obtained a very fair share of patronage, which the excellence of their entertainment w ell deserved Their singing is not in some are yects equal to that of some of the "burnt cork minstrels that have appeared in Sydney, but their comic business is inimitable, and always elicits hearty laugh ter and unbounded applause - D A-cy Reeds Ghosts continue to walk at the Guild Hall nightly, and crr> wiled houses assemble to be horrified but go away he has delighted and amused instead "Last night the hall was full and the wonderful spec interests and the dancing and singing caused in mixed delight to all present Thomson's Diorama of the American War at the School of Arts increases, in possible in popular fay ovV The attendance last evening was very good and the bcYmtiful y row 9 exhibited, together with the singing and. dancing of the company, have every satisfaction Spencer s Museum, also, was well filled notorious cu fc, cities, mechanical and humorist, were examined by t" visitors with great I interest, and the musical and dramatic performances 1 of the talented Spencer family ralleoVolilx encoauuuM as early as they were destined 