THE BAG OF GOLD.* Autbor'of " Sorlpopolls.'* Br Dowaid Cameron. Tn? R?T. BxysR B?rry wan tho sola repre sentative of the Roman Catholic faith In the wild and mountainous district of JlmbsllUo, an lioUtad stretch ot country in one of Tiotorla's most distant provinces. It'moatly oonsftted. of cattle runt, the head atatlona of which were far die taut from each other, but in 1 SCO gold was discovered at Wild Cat Gully, and a somewhat extensive mining oamp was the result. This was the first townthlp (I) ever ettablitbed In the Jim bellicof district. Heuoe Wild : Cat, as the town was ,'called, became J a kind of centre, where the squatters sold their cattle : and bought station requirements. The district was.of such a character that .after, the plaint which ttretched below the mountaint were reached everything had to be oarried on pack-horses. - : Even 'the maohinery of the Wild Cat Company,. the first quarts-mining venture atarted in the new mines, since famous in the *nnal& o( gold-mining for its richness, wai carried piece-nieal over - the mountains, and the first piano, which de lighted the cart of Wild Cat arrived by the tame mode of conveyance. True, -prior to that, : the-.enterprising heat of the 4 .Three Nuggeta "had imported a " Bord " at great expente, wherewith to beguile the :diggera Into spending their money, in conjunction with two damielt obtained from Melbourne to danoe with the rough '.minora; but the speculation proved . unfortuuate, for the horses took fright in pasting over a precipice and tumbled . slap into a foaming torrent, while .the maidens had hardly, arrived when they straightway keoaihe the wives of the two rloh men of the community. Before the arrival of the teoond piano, the.nielan bholy' oonoertina, with the help of a few jewa'.harps, had usurped the musioal- throne of Wild Cat, for there was only one fiddler in the district, . aud he - was too -ardent a devotee of Bacchus to be trusted at : " hops," but on its appearance, these primitive instru ments had to seek the lone'hillsides, where, from scattered diggers' tents, they were to be heard at night, resembling too often a oonoert of oats with badly tuned voices; for moat of the eoncertlnas were minus certain essential qualities, owing to being ocouionally used at weapons of assault and defence. ; It may .be therefore, imagined that if. xnusfa liad already obtained a footing in Wild ; Cat, religion was not disregarded, and the supposi tion was right. Thu Wesleyaua—for a large number of the diggers were Coruiahmcn— had established a Bethel on the summit of a little hill close to the camp, and a walk to it on a Sabbath strongly reminded one of Christian's ascent of the Hill of Difficulty in "Pilgrim's Progreat." On wintry Sundays the aaoent of this hill, through wiry olay—> the tautology is not mine, for I have alwaya found tbat olay Is miry aDd sticky when wet —was the cause of much backsliding, .both of the feet and of the tongue, for even the moat devout were often heard to blaspheme when they took an unexpected slide downwards and arose with their Sunday-go-to- meeting clothes covered with dirt.. The Wetleyant are lucky people, however, for owing to their religious constitution, this Bsthel was altornately served by two lay preacher*, whose accent was' powerfully Cornish, and who workod in the minea all the week, and preached on Sundayt. The Soman Catholic population were scandalised at their neigh bours being ahead of them, and they there fore petitioned to the arohbishop, aud,. ou their guaran teeing certain things, a missionary was sent up to Wild Cat, and a a mill church and two.-roomed' cottage were built for the " prashte, God' bleat him." . A very humble church indeed it was, which developed a pronounced leak In the root three months after its ereotton, showing the builder, though he pretended to be a pious man, could cheat heaven at well as his fellow men. ..At for the cottage, it might suit a miner, hut not a man of the tastes, of the Bey. Bryan Barry. This gentleman was a tall, strong, handsome man of about thirty, with a determined and almost .sensual faoe, although there wat eatt.over it the veil of a refinement whioh he had aoquirod in hit youth. Though of poor parentage he had passed much ot his time, after his ordlumtion, ln a palatial cathedral in France, where he had acquired tastes and feelings ill in accord with his present situation. He had been drafted as a missionary to Australia, and I had to obey hit tuperiors aud leave the pleasant city of Melbourne for this desolate I spot.. To a truly religious man, filled with grand religious fervor, which has glorified the names ot the many noble Catholic prieata who have laid aside comforts, nay, sacrificed thelr-llfe, for their faith in more inhospitable plime.t than Australia,. the situation. would have beta one wherein to glory.for the Cross of-Christ. But the Rev. Mn Barry was not one of these men. 'He was a black sheep, a lover of ease and luxury. 'He could be religious and good with a pleasant chape), a well supplied table and agreeable society, but to him this' isolation from all the com forts of the civilised, world was' a terrible penanoe, and he ' was * the more aggrieved because while he had been aent to this desert spot, other men, far less capable, far beneath him in education,had been given en ugbeneOcet. Joined to this, he had acquired an acouraed love for gold—even now he hoarded up out of the'plttanoe his parishioners subscribed for him—could he have obtained sufficient, he would leave tbe church and lead the lite of a worldling. ' It may, therefore, be easily aeen that the reverend gentleman waafarfrom being a fit pastor of a Christian church. But, at he had no qther meant of living, he olioae to be hypocrltioal, and to continue a minister of-a religion in which he did not practically' believe. As for hit flock, he hated and des pised them, because they did not contribute more to his revenue, aud many a terrific denunciation he thundered at them about their meanness. But the peoplo soon began to understand the character ol their pastor, and, tave'with the moat superstitious and un thinking, there wat little love loat between them. One night, in the depth of winter, th< Bey. Mr. Barry aat in' the little ehambel which served him aa dinlng-reom an j ?The tragletl atory which the author her* atteeapte lo commit to paper U founded on feet, an 4 veonrredeome yeare ego on a prominent goldflelrt The writer, howeTer.hopea that no peraoa will b< offended on the aeere of religion, a* Uiere .-Ja nd InteotioH to offend. Any person of the dlavoeitiod of tJhe clergyman la thie lale, no matter of what ccci be night be a mini?ter, would h*ye equally failed mnder the temptation, - f fit le hardly ?eeeiaary ia say that ia order U Kare thefeellofe of tbote who are acquainted wiw a dpUUa ?T tkio tragedy, iotiUene nimii ar< kitchen. An old orone, who served him as oook and housekeeper on very - moderate wages, est by tho fire knitting a stocking and ? humming an old Irish aoug. The prle?t sat at the table looking out of the window In a deep and discontented reverie. ? Without the' world was robed In a garment of pure white show, which had fallen Id the late afternoon.. Notwithstanding the snowstorm the day had been calm, and Jthe night was rqutlty -to—'. not a breath disturbed the' .featoona of snow that lay upon the limbs of the dark alrlngy or clung to their brown l trunks. The atara shone out of the intensely blue sky bright as the moat brilliant diamonds. No sound disturbed the still air save the thump-—thump' of the pumping' engine of the Wild Cat; Company, which, like the human heart, never ceM?d its labour, for the strata hereabouts was terribly saturated with water, whioh had to be kept down; The Iter. Mr. Barry looked out upon the'dreary scene, and-It recalled'to htm his student days at St. Omer—hla pleaiant hours in his : Normandy presbytery, and he felt: very blttor .Indeed, agalntt' fate, the Church, and the Arohblthop. '-. Bat—tat. .',- The priest and the crone started. That knock was a rough one—nothing refined or olty-like about It. - The orone rose and opened the door, and in walked a great, shaggy miner, all hair, board, overcoat, and red clay, who shot off the anow. on' to tho prlett's apology for a carpet, upon which already he had deposited half a ten of mud —niuoh to Mra. Q'Dowd's horror aud wrath —and taking off his California? hat. stood, abashed before the priest, who gave bio no favourable look. . " Please, air," suld the great ttalwart fellow, who was at frightened as a child before "his rlverence," -." Mick Doolan la pashc all hope, the doctber gavo him up, an' he wants you to oonfoaa hlut. for he ha. a terrible weight on hit mind, God deliver the poor orathur." \- " I'll. see him to-morrow," ? replied the Rev. Mr. Barry; ."'I cannot move out to night, and you know Mick lives In Break neck Gully." 44 But, yonr rlverence," pleaded the miner, "he won't live till morning." : A thought suddenly struok the mind of the priest; a thought whioh must have been prompted by the. Father of Kvil himself, Mick Doolan was the mystery of Wild Cat. Everyone knew that himself and his mate, -.Larry Deegan, had'mado a regularplle outof. a claim on Breakneck Gully, but, so far, no man knew what had become ol the duat. It was holdly alleged that both men had oleared between them some £40,000. Larry Deegan had suddenly disappeared ; his mate said 'that hu had." gone home, and hadleft quietly so that no'one would know, for fear he might be followed and murdered. Slnoe his departure Doolan had led a lonely lite, never coming to the oamp, save for provisions and whiskey, which latter ho oomumed in enormous quantities. But, otherwise he wns very close-fisted; and spent nothing. He never, visited a public-house, which was a perfect fnnd of . wonderment to . all the rathmal-minded diggers, Of course, there were many surmises afloat about Doolan aud Deegan," but no one appeared to be aertain of anything. The thought now sroae in the mind of tho Her. Mr. Barry, that it this man wiu dying, it would be possible to get hlin to leave his goods to.the church tp atone for his. sins. ' We need ' hardly;, point out what .would become of the property to the roader, who has already fathomed the utter depar ture from grace Whioh had occurred in the wretched minister's aoul, out of whioh that unholy spirit mammon had driven all that was good and holy. He redacted that this wealth would at once give him all he had ao long desired. Struok with this idea, theltev Mr. Barry at at once said, iv an altered voice : 44 Oh I then, I suppose. I must go to comfort the poor soul.. Mrs..O'Dowd, bring mc my cloak and big boots.".; The old crone apon got hl? thing*, and the reverend gentleman sallied out into'the star lit night with his conductor, who was poi seised* of one of theae ingenious Australian contrivances, a bottle lantern ; that is, an inverted bottle with the bottom knooked out; and a lighted candle imerted in the neck, a lantern .which I have never kubwnto'have been blown out on the windiest night if properly held. .The uncouth guide piloted the priest over the hillsides iv a very careful manner, aud they arrived at the oabiii in Breakneok Golly whioh was inhabited by Miok Doolan -without any serious miahap, for the snow had made the ground pretty firm. An - awful place was tula Breakneck Gully. From' the very banks of tlie noisy little atream the country roae Iv wild prectpioes ' aud gorgee, mantled with thu thickest undergrowth,out of which aroite giant treea, whose dark colour war now diversified withsnow. As the two.travellera halted before the little bark hut And looked upon ibe terrible prospect, ItMtenlng Xo the roar of the stream as it dashed over the rockl, It was a Boone that the pencil of a l)or£ might have Immortalised. The feeble light of the lantern illuminated the faces of the two men ; one the ploture of vulgar awe nnd auperatt tion, the other darkened with that eternal gloom whioh overshadows the face of eno who ia bent upon a dread crime. Oh entering the hut a aceue of a different oharaoter, but still iv - aocord. with the surroundings, met the eye. On a rough stretcher, covered with a blanket, lay a lean, cadaverous creature, whose only evidence of life was his burning and ever shifting eyes. The faoe waa the image of death and as white as tho snow that lay-outside, a grea.t oontraat to the thick matted black hair and beard. Occasionally thia being started and cowerod, aa if dread unaeeu beings were, tormenting him. There waa a look of atrauge relief upon his faoe when he saw the prleat. -.- Tbe Rev. Mr. Barry sat down by the bed on a rioketty three-legged stool, and took the sufferer's, hand. He had studied medlolne, aud knew porhapa wore of that sclenoe than the half-educated person who presumed to attend to the physical wants ot Wild Cat. 41 It's no use, your rlverence," aaid the tick man, with a ghastly amile ; "I'm done for; I'm going—home. I won't tee the aun rise agaiu. Fat, I want to be lelt aloue with tbe prieat. Go home like a good fellow, and you oan come when his riverence calls at your hut on hla way home.' Leave the lantern ; he'll want It." . Pat silently obeyed. He knew that the thriving uf a sinful aoul was not for anyone to witness except the tinner, the prlo?t and Gad. Yet, bad. the houeat fellow looked at hit pastor's face, oven Ms dull wltt Would' have been set wondering, for bis face was ' hardly leas ghastly than that of the patient who was suffering froui delirium tretuenr. 2Via? the priest had already discovered, and, notwithstanding the local medico's opinion, ho felt convinced that Doolau's grand con stitution would surmount tho attack and that he would reoover; and that set thit wicked man thinking, thinking. God, In his infinite mercy, tend down his angel to baffle the demon, tempter that night 1 " Father," said Doolan, as the door closed on Fat, " I have boen a terrible sinner. Oh I canyon give mc absolution ?" If I lived I would go through any penanoe." ~ ', ," God,", replied the priest in a -atrauge, annatural yoloe, "ia very merciful, and I, as his poor minister, have pow?r to absolve the truly.penitent. Confess, my son, confess to ma all, and hide not one tittle of your, guilt; foe then U Ono to whom all 1* known, and th? oohoealtnent ot the slightest item will destroy . my absolution," ' ?: '.'.I will tellthe truth," cried the'penltent, rltiug on his. elbow, and glaring round the room. : "He If there aud under Af* eye t I will hot be able to tell a He. : He hat been, there: every, night :?inoe that 'awful night. ? He Is there now— " : - : :'-':/ -. " Huih 1" ; s-dd the priest.y "Make your oonleseion until I see what oan be done." "I will, I will," panted Doolan." Well, your rlverence, six years .ago LirryDeegan and I left the ould country 'together-—God's, curaeon the day we did.:' We were as bright a pair .of boys aa ever you saw, mere .lada, and at happy us' kiiige to think we were going: to., make on'r fortunea in Auatraly. We'd been; regular comrades iyer .since we were, goaaooua, aud not a wake or a weddln', a danoe or a.'falr, but we.we're together, and alth; the mlv would be bould who would face our two shillelaghs. , ; We went up to Blndy's at fuiht, hut did no good there at all, at all," any way, for : we got no gould, ' aud "both of us fell, in love with a purty oollean there, whose father kep' a.' bit of a -shop. :: Though nayther of ut said a word to each otherabout it, I knew the tuk. to Larry, and when.we. were atartin' for thlt ruth, I heard her tell him when he'd come' back with tome gold ahe'd have him. The dlvll got into my: heart that blaoV. day, your, rlverenoe ; but Larry nlver suapooted anything, and we came up here and fell .upon the richest patah 'thatuver waa found In the country. We let 'no one know it, ? your rlverence,-- —hero he ?ank hit voice .to a whlaper—" but it was j tremenjous, it was like ahorellta' up gould'. Larry was in .great glee/b'eoause he said he would now he abie to kO back to' Sandhurst I and marry hla girl. 'That Wat like ttickin' a knife into mc. I a?id no thin', but oli I how I thought and thought, until the dlvil got entirely the beat of mc, I fought him n ' bit, but he had auoh a good aervant in the whiskey, that he beat, mc to'pleooi. Well, the pitch was worked out, and wa made a division.'.: 'Twaa wonderful, your rlverenoe, we had gould to the amount of 'X 15,740 each, over.. £30,006 ' altogether, aftur all our expentet. That night the both of us got drunk,. and Larry kept talking about bit Kate, and awore he'd start the next clay and marry her and become a aquattber. The whiakey. made hfm very loving to mc, but it. Eut the divil into my aoul. I don't know aw it took place, but I teemed to wake up in the middle.of the night, and there waa L\rry atone-dead on the floor, just where he fell in a drunken sleep, his throat cut from ear to ear I: 0 I holy Mother, forgive hie. I ??e him now, there, with th? blood (lowing Go away, Larry, I'll aae your aoul,' I'll—";.- -'~..: ?--'.';.:? :-/',;:. 44 Hiiah 1" said the priest," continue your ttory." -.; "Riobe ra? the whiakey ?" asked Doolan, and this being done he appeared refreshed, and proceeded:—: ; L \- " Well, I was stupid for a long time, hut at lost I began to think better of it, an' I took the corpae out, au' I hurled it under a big rook, just the other aide the creek. The spot's always __feea. And I have lived here ever since with that ouraed gould, and never lifted it, for when I want to dig it up it seemed as it he stood in the way.' : Au' now, your reverencefl want to do reparation.' ? 1 want you to sood. all tho gould home to Larry's mother—who's as poor'?? : a crow— '? and perhaps that will a?e my ainet" ? 44 1-cannot absolve you,", said the. priest, Iv a cold, hard voice, " unleaa ypu, 1 leave all your gold to the Churoli. That alone will cave you from the terrible fate which la in store, for you, most miserable of sinners." " Ltve;ittothe Church I" oried Doolan,with au Hibernian wink in hit left oye; " no, no, your rlverenoe, with all deference, I .think It's my duty to give it to Larry's mother. That's the beat atonement." And, in apite of thu reverend geutleman'a arguments, Doolan - persisted in hla deter mination. For a while the Bey. Mr. lUrry atood firm, but at laat he gave iv, and Doo lan showed.him where the gold wai burled,' but oh.trgad him not to touch it until he' waa dead. v. £30,0001 AVbafc an undreamt o't fortune was that tv the .poor, siunor who had *Uuwed gold to warp and destroy his aoul.';-" ''Are you awake, Pat," aaid a sepulchral voice. at - the door of Pat Oaaey late that night.'. .-'.???;-;-"-. . . ?\Ye?, your rlverenoe," replied Pit, ** How Is poor Doolan 7'\ . "Much better," replied the K?v. Mr. Barry; "he told mc you need not come over until tho morning. I don't think: there's anything the matter with him except the drink. The coosoUtlons of tho Church appeared to ease him." . "Heaven's blessings en you, sorr,"-?aJd Pat. "It's, glad I aui of a night's rest—for {haven't h*d innoh of Ute through Doolan. Good-night, your rlverenoe,*' -"Faith I that Doolan musbt be a big ?in nor," *-U\ Kra. O'Dowd to nn oJd crony of hers next morning, ju?t as tho tun waa rising, While they w?re having a cup of tea together, "for whon hla rlverenoe came homo last night he looked a? it he'd seen ft b*neh?e or the Inemy himself. St. Pater s*v? ut | Wirrn I what's tlie in<UUir with you, Pat 7" This was addressed to Mr. Casey, who stood at the door, the porsonificatiou of terror. '* Oh, murder P* er)?d Pai, M I wlnf'to Duol&n;'s Cibln this morning* *irly, and there he wm, stiff and wld his throat cut from ear id ear," " JJord save lie I" ttjaculnted the ladlon, oroaslag themtelvoe. "And he'd done it himself, too," oried Pat., " for the razor had ju?hb dropped from his hand. Where's the prashte ?'' Of course there was an inquest, find the verdict was in ncoordauoe with the evidonoo, feto de ?. Tho medical wan was certain that the delirium tremens had risen to such a pitch that the wretched man was drlveii to suicide, and he blamed Pit for . being absent. But the Rev, Mr. Barry excused P A t, for ho said that when ho left Doolan he waa In a good frame of tnfnd, and before going off to sleep had told, him to tell - Pat not to oome, oa hu was ashamed ol keeping a man} who had'to work all day, out of his bod every night. The revt-rtnd gentlarcuu added th.it he learud this was a ruse simply to get rid of the prenonce of anyone, aud the coroner and jury agreed with him. S*-> Doolan waa buried, and th* old hut at Bro*knock Gully bictunu hauuted. No tra.oe of the immense hoard, said to h?T? been Atnaated by'Doolan, wai found, although—' but thijs wan In the daylight—tho fits of th* hut was dug lap by enterprf ?ing treastire aevk*rs. Some said the devil had' flown awny with it; others averred that Doolan hkd novor made a pile, and a few indulgod In dare whispers, but were careful of the company in ,whioh. they uttered them, for a word, against the Bar. Father '? Barry would have resulted in a fcood trounc ing to the speaker. The general marvel was how Doolan committed suicide, when a- few hours would have settled matters, Had there' wax ne explanation, except one offered by the Kay young gentleman who managed the branch bank, that, In accordance with his contrary nature, he had goo* to the other world just because he had not been invited. And, then, after the matter had formed a good topic for six months, It gradually became obUtexUed oati of the public mind, la v.ow of more xeoent aud preaatugoccur ence*. If tho llav. Father Barry had; been morose nnd distant bnfore, hei: was tr'tibly, ao aitor Doolan** death. Mrs.- O'Doffd toljl .her Cfottha tint th'i- dreadful: revelation:-wUloh DooUn had m?.d? to th* ptiist hnd com pletely him, "whioh/* .she wild, ?*\it; must have been awful, oobalderlnV aVhJs ruverenoe waa a mighty ahtrong man. - " It aoon became evident that Father Barry was discontented with hia flock, and ?thaftliey were no botx?r pleased 'with hlra ( i\nd' ere long he wrote to this eooleaiastleal JtuthoHUe? urging that the climate had suoh an ef?eot upon him lliat.hu could not live in the place. He waa aoourdliiply .recalled, and, oertaluly, I when he presented himitel fat the aTchl?plaoopal 1 ptlaoo the prelate, had every confirmation, of his statement. . The atout, rosy priest had become a lank, pale, ghastly illau,- with furtive, frightened eyes, He waa relieved from active duty, and apent h|* tltue muoh as he pleaeed. Presently he declared that he . tmut, be sent home, as ho could not .reconcile hlwaelf to Aostratla, . He was also humoured'lu this, and disappeared for over from the koo of his religious brethren. 'Not one of them over 'heard of the Bey. Father- Barry again, and gro.it wns thu marvel' as , to what had become-of him. ?Some years afterwards, at Wild Cat-was deolfulngin prosperity, an adv.nturous miner, sunk a'hole opposite to Dorian's cabin, and': came upon the;relios of a human being.'.At. first there was nitich.wonderment as to whose.', skeleton It might be, but' wheu a tiny gold locket was rooted Hp,.on which was Inscribed Bsegan's name, the camp sit laiit-settled tho ; mystery of'Doolau's crime and end- Break neck Qully became still more haunted, aud an Innocent white cow which went there to graze at nights, at onoe beoime the terror, of the .neighbourhood, aud Its most delicious sensation; her lowing, being set down ; as the.groans ol Deegan's spirit lamenting over , hit untimely end, and the loss ot hla gold. It need not be said that the search for this gold received a fresh impetus, and in the daylight quite a new ruth took place to Doolan's, but not one of the Industrious diggers were rewarded., ??-,-???-.-' ? ' ? Not far.from the city of Lima.in Pern, is situated a monastery, famed for the sUsUre live, of the monks, and particularly noted at the time we writ, for the groat piety of Its altbot, ? a venerable xnnn, who appoared ? already to have re.oh.il Heaved ere ,11*1.left .anli. Hit life had been. spent front: the earliest manhood in the gentlest piety and the tlmplett mode. He was a oblld In the ways of the world, a giant In his Uaowledgo of virtue and religion. Tn thlt htonattory there had been admitted, a few day* before we visit li, a wretobed,-broken-down mail, nnoe the gayest aiid .most wicked pf Pern's citi?eni. : .'>Wbenae:' he Had oome years ago," ub one knew, but he was polite, learned, and the possessor of boundless wealth, so no uiw troubled themielvet muoh about hit autebo deuts; and ran : a carter of riot imd dissipation almost unrivalled, even, in that warm-blooded land.; At last lie was reduced to beggary, and broken-down and dying, ho came to the monastery, to close thorelu his life in repentanoe. ? ' From tbe plou? exhortations of thomonk*, Brother Xluienen, at he milled himself, appeared to obtain little relief, no; human-, being appeared to mi??r?blo, <"' conaclout of sin, and yet so linpenltont. H w?s|?? If ho had been seised with that hopeleft despair of forgiven.*, which sorde eool?sU?tloal men tell ujc Hefxei upon, tliost*-who hivve oommited the loexplable crime against the Holy Ghost. At first the monks tried to wenn hiui round. ? to a better state of things, but at lant they positively became afraid of the man, so lltllu like anything earth did. he. teem, so ghastly and diabolical was hit appeariiupe. , . One evening the Abbot ; was reading.in his' "study the work, of, St. Jerome, when a lay.. brother tapped for admission and gave him a . packet, which ho said brother Xirueueij had dirooted to give to the abbot aln certain . time that night. The abbot, who; had long marvelled at: the man and. ondeayoiired t0.., unravel hit'-.mystery,' nt once opened the document and retd it. no presently repented he had not called a monk to tit with .him.;.: The room was large,, and the shadows deep, and the worthy father felt hit fleth creep afi he rend tho terrible confession, and almost expected the Father of Kvll ? to' appear to-;, confirm it.. The confotelon was'signed by . 44 Brian Barry," and thereforo our readers will guets tbat th. reolute waa our old acquaintance the priett of Wild Oat: Part of his v oonfettlon we have already narrated, the remainder.will throw all required light ? upon this dark history :—" After a few struggles .with the demon of gold I' yielded. I knew from my medical knowledge that tho man would recover, when he got . well he would laugh'at hit terrors and, refuse . mc the gold, at I oould not use his confession . against him. 1 waa eonsuiued with a thirst for the .coursed treasure ; and the way In whioh he related he had killed Doegan suggested the deed, for his raaor lay on the shelf. Ere I knew what 1 waa doing -he was dead.'- .He was weak, - T very powerful, and, save one uwful bry ; whioh will ring In my ears until dentil, be made no oittory. By Satan's own fortune I did not have a drop of blood split upon mc, and when I had reoovered mytelf v little, I aaw at once that the death could be set down ito auloide hy dropping the razor beneath his baud. I was devilish cunning. I noted that the stroke of thu razor was inatio exactly at a suicide would make It. After getting the bag of gold, which was'-very heavy, I. left and returned home, levying tho bag outside-until .my. hou.ek.eptr went to sleep, when 1 rose, brought It in,.aud put it ? Iv my ehust. Bhortly afterwards, I left AuttralU and lied to a land where I could not bo.known. But my crime followed mc, . and two phantoms, with their throats cut, never quitted my tight To osoapo tha agony ot mind I waa in, I plunged Into tho maddest dissipation, audoommittod unknown, . unthought of crimes, but In vaiu,. rcmorss devoured my noul- ' A ttill greater crime was upon my aoul—the tin ot whioh I waa guilty .' towards Mother CliuroU, and whlohl believed inexpiable. Whvn all was gono I cnuo to tho monattery, in some alight hope that ' scourging and p.initenoe 'night *s*ua£? the wrath of olfended Heaven. But, ho ; instead ' of these holy walls giving mc relief, they increased my anguish a thousandfold—they appeared to rise to thrust out. so accursed : a thing. 1 oan stand tills no more, my brain burns, my heart is lire, ray soul la already in toruimi, my bjdy on the rack. The giioatn are ever wlr.li mc, and urge mc to end all ms their livo. wore ended. And to- ?? ; night I feel that 1 oan no moro resist theiu. ' When you have read thla letter 1 will ba dead.': ..... Utterly horror-stricken th. abbot raised th. houiu and proceeded to XlmenM' cell where a sight so horrible met tho gaxe of the spectators that all fled, crossing themselves :'' devoutly, and praying for protection from tho Powers of Evil! .. -?:.- He rotts In a suicide's grave, the hsur.rof everyone who knows tht terrible story.-. And -:, { ynt this man, had he-curbed bis passion.. : : in aooordanoe'wlth tbo pr.eepra of hi* sawr:-! nailing and holy faith, might have b?eoaie.>t .'- I great and good man, but h? gave way- to '. thorn, and failed to resist the terrible tempU ' tion. ot tho lUa or Got*. 