COMING almost immediately after the formal announcement by the Governor of Victoria that the interests of the colony had not suffered during the recent crisis, a little incident which occurred at Wodonga on Wednesday last is somewhat tnal-apropos. It will be in the recollection of many of our readers, from reports published at different times in this journal, that owing to the dismissal of the local policc magistrate and warden a good deal of loss and delay had been caused on various occasions to suitors at Wodonga by the frequent postponement of their cases. It was hoped that when Mr. PAXTOX was appointed to make periodical visits to the township the grievance would be remedied, and on the occasion of his visit some three weeks ago there was a goodly muster of suitors, including applicants for publicans' licences, mining leases, &c.;, &c.; Some of the mining cases were of a very important nature, and the suitors were accordingly represented by several barristers from Bcechworth, as well as by local solicitors; and as most of the witnesses besides had been summoned from places many miles distant, the expenses of the day were tolerably heavy. In several instances, however, the Warden postponed a decision, intimating that he would again be in attendance finally to dispose of them on a given date. In accordance with this intimation, the litigants duly put in an appearance on the day named, with counsel, solicitors, and witnesses once more mustered from all parts of the district, only to find that a telegram had conic to hand at the last moment directing the clerk of the court to adjourn the business until "Wednesday last. As a matter of couisc, this further adjournment was the occasion of complaints both loud and deep, complaints not uumingled with a little profauity. And certainly, if the use of improperly strong language was ever excusable, it might well be condoned iu the case of these unfortunate people who had been dragged scores of miles away from their homes upon a fool's errand. But there was no help for the thing, and so the suitors departed, to attend once more on Wednesday last, when the wretched farce was again repeated. At the appointed hour barristers, attorneys, and clients were punctually oil the scene, only to find that the warden had not arrived from Melbourne; and what made the matter if possible still worse than on the previous occasion, this time no message of any kind had come to hand intimating that the warden could not put in an appearance. Wo have no hesitation in saying that the total loss entailed upon the parties by these two gross breaches of faith with the public will amount to fully £200 ; and who wo may ask is to blame for sucli a scandalous result. We can scarcely believe that the fault rests with the warden, who probably is required to do the work of half-adozen wardens j the responsibility is rather with the Government, which expects Mr. PANTON to bo in several places at the same time. Mr. PANTON " not being a bird" cannot fulfil this expectation, and the consequence is that the administration of justice is most disgracefully neglected. What has occurred at Wodonga is no new thing in the district or in tho colony; it is but tho natural outcome of the January coup d'etat, aud Victorians by this time ought to be getting used to it—like tho eels to skinning. Whilst, however, such a . discreditable state of things continues to exist, tho time is not an appropriate one for congratulating tho Parliament of the colony in a Viceregal speech, upon the satisfactory working of the State machinery. A MOST extraordinary, and wo may add disgraceful, expose of neglect of patients and general mismanagement in tho Wagga Wagga Hospital is published in last Saturday's issue of the Express. It appears that a few weeks since a young man named WILLIAM CAPEL came to Wagga Wagga with a view to obtain employment on the Railway works. Shortly after his arrival ho was attacked by typhoid fever, and on the advice of the medical man who was attending him, he sought and obtained admission to the hospital. A week later his mother, hearing that he was dangerously ill, came over from Victoria in order to visit him, and from what came under her observation caused her son to be removed from the institution to other lodgings, where he subsequently died. The reasons which induced Mrs. CAPEL to remove her son are set forth in a circumstantial account given by her to the Express, which account, as we have said, has been published by our contemporary, and contains the disgraceful expose referred to. Mrs. CALL'S statement may be summarised as follows:—She says on entering the hospital she found her son in a small room overlooking the backyard. Her attention being at once arrested by a foul odour, she inquired of the wardsman what was the cause of tho smell. He replied that he did not know. Some patients, however, informed her that the odour arose from some bedding that had been used by a policeman who had died of typhoid fever. Upon this Mrs. CAPEL went out into the yard to examine for herself, and, if possible, ascertain the cause of the effluvium, when she soon found on a fence close to the window a mattrass covered with filth, which, as she supposed, had accumulated during the illness of the policeman mentioned. The stench from the mattrass and other articles of bedding being abominable, she asked permission to clean up the place herself, but was forbidden to do so, on the ground that such interference was against the rules. Mrs. CAPEL then ascertained that medicine ordered by the doctor for her son liad never been given to him, and this although the drugs ordered had been prescribed to stop aggravated diarrhoea from which the patient was suffering. Soon after this discovery had been made, the wardsman came into the room and began to bully the lad for having made known to the doctor, his (the wardsman's) neglect of duty. Mrs. CAPEL further states that her son told her his bed had never been made whilst he had been iu the room—some two or three days—and that the patients generally did not receive the proper attention they required. Charges more serious than these, we need not say, could scarcely be brought against the management of any charitable institution, and if Mrs. CAPEL'S statements be correct, we should imagine that the subscribers will insist upon some change in the staff. The culpable indolence or ignorance of the wardsman, evinced by the fact of his allowing a foul nuisance, a prolific source of infection, to remain within a few yards of a sick man's room, is of itself sufficient to prove him altogether unfit for his position. The neglect to administer the medicine prescribed by the doctor to arrest the progress of an acute and dangerous form of disease, constitutes even a more serious offence; but to our thinking the gravest portion of the charge embodied in Mrs. CAPEL'S statement lies in tho accusation that he " bullied" the unhappy lad for reporting his shortcomings. And this bullying process appears to have been customary on the part of tho wardsman towards all the patients. Mrs. CAPEL says: "The wardsman did little or nothing, and appeared to employ most of his time while in the building in 'nagging* and worrying patients about to do work that he ought to do himself and the patients say that they don't care to say anything, because they are afraid if they did they would bo ill-treated while they remained in the hospital" Mrs. CAPEL'S statement is of course only one side of the story; tho other side has yet to be heard; hut if the incidents narrated are not purely fictitious, or at tho least very grossly exaggerated, the Wagga Wagga Hospital would appear to merit unenviablo notoriety as being tho most disgracefully conducted institution of its kind in Australia. FROM a report which appears in another column of the proceedings at a meeting of tho- Albury Board of Sheep Directors, it will bo ( observed that the old dispute between tho Chief Inspector of Stock and the Directors again cropped up. Into tho merits of the original difference between the Directors and Mr. BRUCE we do not now intend to enquire J the subject has already been dealt with exhaustively in these columns, and nothing would be gained by reopening tho question. In connection with this matter, however, another grievance has been ventilated by the Directors aud their complaint is this. They assume, not unreasonably, that Mr. BRCOE has had something to do with the drafting of the new Diseases iu Sheep Bill, and they put it that it would only have been a matter of ordinary courtesy on his part to have forwarded copies of the draft measure to the Boards of Directors throughout the colony, before the bill was finally disposed of. This, it appears, has not been done, and a bill affecting the conditions under which the most important industry in the colony is carried on, has thus been dealt with, without the persons most capable of forming a sound opinion on the details of the new measure having been consulted. Such a course the Directors contend is injudicious, as well as discourteous to the representatives of the sheepowners; and the argument is not altogether without force. But the Albury Board complain still more bitterly of the way in which their request that the powers of the Directors snould be defined, has been ignored; and there can be no doubt of the justice of thoir complaint on this score. At present they occupy the anomalous position of " Directors " who are not allowed to " direct," or whose directions at any rate are liable to be countermanded whenever the Chief Inspector of Stock sees fit. The position of the local Inspector is even worse, for if on the one hand he obeys tho Directors he is liable to be hauled over the coals by the Chief Inspector, and if on the other hand he complies with the orders of Mr. BRUCE, ho may be dismissed by the Directors. Now, in a district so remote from tho metropolis as this, it appears to us that the sole control of local matters connected with the working of the Act might very well be left entirely in the hands of the Directors, whose knowledge of the requirements of the district must necessarily be much greater than can bo possessed by Mr. BRUCE ; but if for any reason it be held undesirable to entrust the local Boards with any power at all; if it be considered that the Directors to all iutents and purposes should be dummies, then the sooner tho fact is made known the better. An intimation of the kind would probably have the effect of causing the whole of the Boards of Directors to reaigu, but this would be a matter of no consequence, as it is nothing but a farce of the most ridiculous . nature for gentlemen to vide a journey of fifty or sixty miles every mouth in order to pass resolutions which they have no power to carry into effect. THE Victorian Ministry has done a good many things which are foolish—and worse. One of its latest acts, however, is undoubtedly a step in the right direction, and one moreover which was greatly needed. In Victoria, as in New South Wales, it is found that many persons are wiUiiig enough to accept the honors attaching to the position of a magistrate, without being equally ready to accept the responsibilities and discharge tho duties pertaining to the office. In some cases the unwillingness to act on the Bench has doubtless boon occasioned by a knowledge on the part of the magistrate of his unfitness for tlip position. It is said that a good many appointments to the Commission liavo boon made without due regard to the suitability of the candidates, and it is quite likely that some justices of the peace feel that they are out of their element in attempting to exorcise judicial functions. In other cases, the default has arisen from pure indolence. In future a better state of tilings may bo expected, as the Government havo decided to signify to all magistrates that they will bo required to attend the courts of petty sessions with reasonable regularity, and that failing compliance with these instructions, the defaulter will bo removed from the Commission. This rule is, as wo havo said, a good one, and it might with considerable advantage be introduced in this colony as well as in Victoria. All magistrates who are competent to discharge the duties of the office should bo required to take a fair share of the work for the performance of which they were appointed; all who are not competent to do this should be removed from the Commission. AT the meeting of the Albury Borough Council, hold on Wednesday evening, a report was presented from the Public Works Committee, recommending that steps should bo taken to convey the storm water from Kiowa-streot, near Mr. FALLON'S property, into the Bungauibrawatha Creek. The Council will do well to give this matter full consideration be fore the recommendation is acted upon. We have already had one example of the per petual expense and trouble caused by carrying water channels through private property, and it is undesirable to court a repetition of the experience. To cut a channel as proposed would entail a very heavy expense in the first instance, and the cost of maintaining the work in good order would be a constant drain upon the funds of the Council afterwards; whilst, if by any mischance or oversight the canal or enbankment got out of order, the ratepayers might very possibly be saddled with the expense of another law suit. THE WEATHER.—On Saturday last a heavy fall of rain took place, lasting until about .10 a.m, on Monday. The rain was accompanied by a very low temperature, which made good fires at night necessary. On Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday the weather was fine, but on Friday morning rain again set in. PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL.—The countrv in all directions is looking magnificent. Grass and water are everywhere abundant, and stock thriving. In fact the opinion is generally exjressed that in this month the season generally Ilas never been so favorable for the graziers in any previous year. Ploughing operations are being pushed ahead in all the agricultural districts. REVISION COURT.—A court for the revision of the Electoral Roll was held on Wednesday morn- ing. The business was merely of a formal character, no applications having been received to rectify omissions in the list, nor anv objections to names placed on the roll. The list was therefore signed by the magistrates present in attestation of its correctness, and will in due course be forwarded to Sydney. EASTER SUNDAY.—St. Matthew's Church was very beautifully decorated for Easter Sunday with a profusion of tastefully wrought floral designstexts of scripture and the like. The musical portion of the service was more than usually good, the choir having evidently prepared for a special u" « the honorary organist —Mr. Edmondson—rendering t h e o c c a s i o n ftnd the instrumental music with his customary skill. The sermons both at morning and evening service were preached bv the Vicar. At St. Patrick's Church there was also a very large congregation. The Mass chosen lor the occasion was Giorza's No. 1, a work which teemed every justice at the hands of a very well drilled and powerful choir, conducted as usual by Mr. Alpen. The Bermon was preached by the Very Rev. Dr.M'Alroy. THE RAILWAY WORKS.—During the week satisfactory progress has been made with the railway works, but owing to the heavy rain which occurred yesterday, operations had to be temporan y suspended. On Saturday lost Mr. Cornwell made arrangements for the clearing of the liiae right through to the Billabong Creek. Mr. 1'irtu, the Government engineer, arrived in town some days ago, and has been engaged in determining the levels ot that portion of the line in ttte neighborhood of the Albury terminus. Mr. •iu ' ° nt valuer, has also been engaged m the 9 a valuation T O r n m e of the private property through which the line passes. THE CHARGE OP MURDER AT NARANDERA.— uur correspondent writes :-Hector Gillis was brought before the Bench here, having been armted at Hay on warrant issued by J. J. Roberts, ffimiVr ^ 8i or about T® i o^," » h . S m Murdered w i t b h a v i u one o n Raymond imyard 1 0 h G,Uis n e now 1 8 7 5 is remanded till Friday, the 26th, when a full Bench and the P.M. are expected. John Martin was brought before the court on remand, charged with having robbed a iZ k e n MULUCe r Ot information . - ^ "as in conse- t l C k e r o a l C r rAPniirn,! e e k frAio n..! THE MCRRUMBRIDGEE ELECTORATE.—A requisition has been got up at Wag™ to Mr. C. M. Lloyd asking that gentleman to allow himself to be nominated to one of the additional seats which the electorate will become entitled to by the passing of the amended Electoral Bill. THE FORESTERS' FETE.—The anniversary of this local Court of Foresters was celebrated on Laster Monday by sports in Lamport's paddock, a concert in the evening at the Exchange Hotel and a ball in the Mechanics' Institute. Up till about 10 a.m. there was some reason to fear that the outdoor portion of the programme would have had to be abandoned, as the rain which had been falling all night continued right'up to the time at which it had been arranged that a start should be made for the grounds. Shortly after ten, however, the rain abated, and the sun shone forth, and there was at once a general muster of the brethren at the Lodge-room, whence they proceeded to the Market Reserve. Here they were joined by a considerable number ot Oddfellows, also in regalia, and the procession being then formed, marched to the strains of an excellent brass band through the principal streets of the town and out to the scene of the day's sports. Ail excellent programme had been arranged, and the various events called forth lively competition. During the afternoon the grounds were visited by large numbers of persons, and the whole affair passed off very pleasantly. The winners of the principal events were the following:—Maiden Plate (100 yards), A. L. Dawson 1, P. Fleiner 2. Hop, step, and jump, M. Hayes. Children's Race, Watson. Sack Race, Dennison. Foresters' Cup, Fleiner 1, Laidlaw 2, Jordan 3. Boys' Race (under 12), Weiscl 1, Walsh 2. Drop-kick at football, Ii. Jones. Pigeon Match (handicap), 21 yards rise, 5 birds each, P. W. Jackson 1st prize, Second and third prizes were divided between Messrs. Gleeson, Cass, and Mathews. Members' Race, Hayes 1. Girls' Race (50 yards, under 12 years of age), Myheui 1. Siamese Race, Morgan and Dawson. Consolation Stakes, T. Warby. The concert at the Exchange Theatre was very well attended, and the entertainment gave every satisfaction to the audience ; the Christy Minstrel business especially being very well performed. The ball, also, was successful, close on fiftycouples putting in an appearance and keeping up the fun till the small hours ot the morning. THE CASE OF ROBERTSON BROS. v. DAY. The following is the text of the memorial drawn up in the above case :—" To the Honorable the Speaker and Members of the Legislative Assemblv of New South Wales : The humble petition of the undersigned conditional purchasers of unimproved Crown lands, eheweth,— That from the judgment ot the Supreme Court in 1 Banco in favor of defendant in the case of Robertson Brothers against George Day the younger, brought to try the construction of the 31st clause of the Amendiug Land Act of 1875, the plaintiffs have appealed to the Privy Council; that an association of pastoral tenants has been formed in the Riverina district to prosecute this and similar cases, and plaintiffs have been supplied with funds to carry on this case; that defendant is not possessed of means to be represented before the Privy Council • that in the event of the Privy Council reversing the said judgment, a great number of selectors will be wholly ruined, as a great many cases de pend on the result of this one ; that your peti tioners and others have selected land on the faith of the opinion of the Attorney-General acted on by the Minister for Lands, and which opinion has been upheld by the said judgment; that your petitioners, under the circumstances before set out, humbly submit that this is a case in which your honorable House should take such steps as would enable the defendant to be represented before the Privy Council, on the hearing ot the said appeal case, and so that the case may be fully argued on both sides before that final tribunal and that right may be done by a number ot selec tors, and thereby probably save them from ruin. Your petitioners therefore humbly pray that your honorable House will be pleased to take such steps in reference to the said appeal case as to your honorable House may seem expedient. And your petitioners will ever pray " CHARGE OF LARCENY* AT TIIE RAILWAY CAMP. —At the local Police Court, on Wednesday, Charles Bird, a young man engaged as a butcher in the employ ot Messrs. Tuomy and Co., was charged with stealing a shilling. W. H. Gilbert, manager of Messrs. Tuomy and Co.'s store at the Vineyard Hill, deposed that prisoner was in the employ of the firm as butcher ; from suspicions he entertained witness placed fourteen coins marked with a cross in the store till; this was done in the presence of a person named O'Keeffe ; witness then told prisoner to take charge of the store and left the premises ; returning in about a quarter of au hour, witness examined the till and lound ono of the coins missing ; witness then discharged the prisoner; on the following day prisoner returned to the store and made some purchases, tendering in payiueut two coins, one of which was the marked coin missing the previous day from the till ; witness stated that he had not parted with any of the remaining thirteen marked coins, nor had he when settling up with prisoner iven him any of them in payment. For the fefence prisoner protested his innocence with teare, and contended that the marked shilling might have got into other hands before he received it. The Bench—Messrs. Brown. Mudge, and Kirkpatrick—by a majority decided to give the prisoner the benefit of a slight doubt in the case, and he was discharged. BETHANGA.-—Our correspondent writes as follows :—" There is not much in the way of mining to report this week ; during the Easter holidays the good folks of Bethanga were bent on enjoying themselves. On Good Friday a number made up a picnic party, and went by coach to the Mitta flats, where they all thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Turkeys and geese suffered greatly so as to grace the table on Easter Sunday ; and the o owing Mond^ythere was a ball which was well attended. It was held nt Mr. Cole's hall which has been completely renovated with a new galvanised non roof and a new pine floor aid down. The ball party thoioughl} enjoyed themselves on the light fantastical the wee small hours of the morning. The population is steadily increasing, and m more ways than one, the admit ot little copperohtes being of almost dr.ily occurrence ; that alone speaks well Cor the salubrity of our climate here. Redelin, Davis and Co. are getting on finely with their new furnaces, they having already commenced smelting at one of the furnaces, and turned out their first regulus on Tuesday which looks very well. Sabelberg's machine is now ci^shmg a parcel of stone for°Ladd and Co. on the Welcome line. Rhodes is hard at work sawing timber in the daytime for building f™ ' !:l^ S 1 t h c 1 1 good yields. Private . ? I > which still gives E x c e , s i dwellings r c aim are going up in all directions, and improvements being made all through the town ; I think this wilf be a bie place in time. We have had a deal of rain, and the country around looks splendid. I think the time has arrived for the Government to lay a telegraph line to tins place, the expense would not be -arge, and the benefits to us would be very great. J ALBURY AND BORDER PASTORAL AND AGRI- CULTURAL SOCIETY.-A meeting of the members of this soc.ety was held on Thursdav afternoon, Mr. Thomas Mitchell, of Woomargani;., in the chair The chairman, in the com°e of a few introductory remarks, expressed the hope that the whole oi the business would as far as possible be disposed of at the one general annual meeting. Heretofore there J,ad been too many meetings Held. The chairman said also he had much pleasure m announcing the receipt of £5 5*. as a subscription from Mr. Thos. Colls. The Secretary then read the annual report and balance-sheet, showing that the finances of the Society were in a very satisfactory condition. The cash in hand amounted to £59 6s. 7d.; the Government subsidy now due was £123 ; and members subscriptions were also due to the extent of £150. On the motion of Mr. Affleck, the report and balance-sheet were adopted. The next business on the paper was the election of committee and officebearer. A ballot-paper was presented, on which the names of a number of gentlemen had been placed in accordance with a rule requiring the nominations to be made a certain number of days before the meeting. Mr Lyne asked if it was competent tor any further nominations to be made. A long discission ensued upon the point as to whether 0 3, . be altered, so as to admit ot new c o u k l names being submitted as desired. The chairman held that Rule 3 might be altered, but that the alteration could not be acted upon at the same meeting. Mr. Lyne then moved that the meeti ng be adjourned, Mr. John Mockay seconded the motion ; both proposer and seconder layin«- "reat stress on (he point that it was desirable to "give members a somewhat wider choice in electin" the paid secretary ; only one gentleman—Mr. GiTes— having been nominated for that important office. Mr. Giles said he had no desire to obtain the office save by the wishes of a majority of the members, and Mr. Affleck" then suggested that Mr. Giles s name be withdrawn, and that the other elections proceed. This was, however overruled, and the motion for adjournment was earned by a large majority. WODONGA SHIRE COUNCIL.—The ordinary meeting ot this body was held on Thursday, the President m the chair ; and the other members of tlieCouncil present being CouncillorsO'Calla"han Ftrrier, Maher, Street, and Galletlv. "The minutes having been confirmed, the followin correspondence was dealt with :—From Mr. Wilkes, touching his responsibility to the Council re Mr. Sitnpsons's guarantee.—This letter was postponed. An account for stationery from Messrs. Evans Bios., was ordered to be returned for certain explanations. From the Central Board or Heaith, notifying the approaching visit of Mr. Le Capelaiu, Superintending Inspector, to make an inspection of the sanitary state of the town.— The Inspector of Nuisances* was instructed to at tend Mr. Le Capelain on his visit. From Mr. A. Kell, calling attention to the state of the Bonegilla Road near Fullord's, and stating that the crown of said road was lower than the water bibles—This matter was dealt with in the Super, iiitendent's Report. From the Board of Land and Works, agreeing to the expenditure of £25 from the surplus common fees, on the erection of a action. The Report of the Inspector of Nuisances was then read, the purport of which was generally to the effect that the town was in a clean state. The Inspector asked to be supplied with a notice book, containing forms to be served on persons who required to be notified of nuisances oil their premises.—The book was ordered to be supplied. From the Receiver and Paymaster, notifying the Council to refund to the consolidated Revenue the fees received on account of Mr. Ballard s publican's licence.—The money was ordered to be refunded. From Messrs. Aruall and Jackson, quoting price for a new Appendix to the Local Government Act.—The Secretarv was instructed to purchase one copy for the use of the Council. The President and Councillors u ^allagnan and Ferrier were appointed a subcommittee to act upon any reply that might be received from the Public Works Department, with reference to the supply of gravel, tenders for winch have been procured and sent to Melbourne. A petition was read, signed by 96 ratepayers, praying for the reservation of the old school reserve near Corven's, for camping purposes.— I be consideration of this memorial was postponed lor a month to allow time for the ratepayers who might object, to enter their objections. The following accounts were passed for payment :— G. Adams, £3 Is.; R. Warren, £5 Ss. Gd.; J. J Cunningham, lis.; salaries, £20 2s. ; J. Wood. Ha Loomes, £10 ; W. Ryan, £1; C. Croot «r 5 - ». The Report of the Public Works J Committee D l c k e o was thou read, recommending acceptance of the following tenders :—No. 1. Culvert near Terppe's, J. Dickscn, £2 ; No. 2— Clearing from Bonegilla to Bethanga Bridge, W. Barker, £30. The Report was adopted. The Report of the Superintendent of Roads was then read, pointing out that three culverts were required between Fulford's and the Bridge ; that certain repairs were required on the road near £ulford's ; and that the road leading to Newnan's Punt must be kept open. The Report was adopted. Councilor Galletly moved that tenders be called lor repairing the road at Patterson's culvert, Middle Creek. Councillor Street seconded the motion. Carried. Councillor Maher moved that tenders be called for repairing the Bonegilla Koad near Lewis's. Councillor O'Callaghmi seconded the motion, which was carried. ALBURY HOSPITAL.—We have received from Mr. 1< raenkel a donation of £1 to the funds of the hospital. SHEEP DIRECTORS MEETING.-A meeting of the Albury Board of Sheep Directors was held at the Globe Hotel on Wednesday, the members present being Messrs. W. J. Lvne, J. Day S. \\\ atson, and Douglas. The firs't business dealt with was the election of a chairman for the ensuing year. Mr. W. J. Lyne having l>een elected, the minutes were read and confirmed. The Chairman then said that there was no other special business on the paper, but he would take the opportunity of making a few remarks upon the position occupied by the board, and upon what had taken place since their last meeting Their last meeting, it would be remembered, had been cailed to afford Mr. Geo. Day au opportunity to make certain explanations on behalf of the Chief Inspector of Stock, with a view if possible to bring about a better understanding between Mr. Bruce and the Directors. Mr. Day <lid his best on that occasion, but failed nevertheless to satisfy the Directors that they had been properly treated. Since then Mr. Bruce had visited Alburv and had he really been actuated bv a desire tohrin' about a more pleasant understanding, it mi-lit have beensupposed that he would have endeavored to meet the Directors. Instead of that he came and stayed a day or two in Albury without making any effort to communicate with the Board. So far as he (the speaker) was concerned, he was never, officially, aware of Mr. Bruce's presence in town, and that he took to be a proof that Mr. Bruce still meant to oppose the Directors. Besides that, it was to be supposed that Mr. Bruce had something to do with drafting the Bill now before Parliament, to amend the Sheep Act, a bill m which the question deemed of paramount importance by the Directors had been wholly ignored. That bill had been passed through the House without the Directors beiii" asked to express an opinion upon it, or to point out the alterations they desired to be introduced Then, again, all letters sent by the Board to the Minister had been ignored, and the Directors stood in a worse position than they occupied months ago. He thought it was the duty of the Minister or Chief Inspector to have caused copies of this bill to be supplied to the Boards. Under present conditions, it appeared to him that the Boards were of no use whatever. Last year all their suggestions were ignored, and this after the farce had been gone through of inviting them to suggest alterations. If the same state of things were to continue, it would be better to sweep away the Boards altogether. If the Minister had taken the interests of the sheep owners into duo consideration, he would have clipped the win<*s of the Chief Inspector. He (the speaker) coufd not see why the Directors should not have sole power, under the Minister. They might surely be supposed capable of appointing men to look properly after their interests, and they certainly had sufficient sense to control and direct their own inspector. It might be very well in a city like Sydney, where there was much responsibility, to vest supreme authority in the Chief Inspector ; but it was unnecessaiy in the country districts, where indeed it onlv amounted to supplying a fruitful cause of dispute between the Chief Inspector and the Dilectors, who woufd be sure to resent his interference. And the district Inspector, moreover, was in this position ; that he did not know' whether to follow the instructions of the Chief or of the Board, as in obeying either he might subject himself to dismissal at the hands of the other. This was a very unsatisfactory state of things, and had the Minister had the interests of the sheepowners at heart, he would have seen that in the new bill their request for certain reasonable alterations had been complied with. The Chairman concluded by suggesting that he should be empowered to reopen communication with the Government on the subject, or take steps to bring the matter before the House. Mr. Douglas suggested that it would be better to wait until after the passing of the Electoral Bill; this suggestion was approved of by the meeting, and the proceedings closed on the understanding that another meeting should be called when the elections under the new act had taken place. GERMANTON POLICE CouuT.-At this court, on Wednesday, before the Police Magistrate and Mr. Thomas Mitchell, J.P., the following cases were dealt with :-Trainor v. Dunne.-Claim for wages ; verdict for £2 12s. Gd., and costs. Carter v. Higgius.—This was a summons for illegal detention of property. Struck out as beyond the jurisdiction ot the court. Police v. Pabst,—The defendant was charged with allowing gaming in his licensed house and fined 40^ and costs. Police v. Ballard.—-Defendant was charged with a lowng musicand dancing in his licensed house, and fined 10s. and costs. Inspector of Stock v Snodgrass. Defendant lor a breach of the Brands Ac was fined £2 10s. and costs. Same v. M'Call! i l ! T >' ft breach of the fnl A V I 6 m o u s fo D d e i d , m t r fined £2 10s. and fid ^ 15 ' » & 17s. F?? H V , V delivered. C l a i , f Verdict o r for plaintiff. d Same o l d v. a n M'Guire. d Claim for £2 Os. JM. Verdict for plaintiff. Several other cases on the list were either adjourned or else settled out of court. IU.EGA.LI-Y ON PREMISES.—Daniel Babbington was chained at the local police court on Tuesday with being illegally on clie premises of Thomas M'Carrick. Margaret M'Carrick deposed : I am wife of Thomas M'Carrick ; we live in Townscndstrcet in a house tlie property of defendant; on Sunday night I went to bed after (securing all the doors; I awoke some time during the night; the mill WAS falling fast; I put iny hand out over my little bov, who was sleeping beside me, to see if the lain"was coming on to him ; I felt a man'r head by the side oi the bed the tnan was kneel ing by the side of the bed ; I tried to wake my eon ; I then jumped and ran out into the yard, and called Mr. Veen ; Mr. Veen gave me a lighted candle; when I returned to the house I saw the defendant standing on the iloor ; I said, " You wicked rascal, what brought you in here ?" lie did not say anything till he got out, when he merely said, " All right ma'am," and he then went away ; I found defendant's hat 011 my boy's bed ; defendant must bave got in by un fastening a window in which there is a broken pane ; I have never given defendant any encouragement to come to the place; he used to come for his rent, but nothing more I never heard liiin say an immodest word defendant never put his hands upon me, but his head was 011 the bed. To defendant : The pane of glass has been broken lor a long time ; I re mr-mber the last time you were in the house ; you and my husband had some beer ; you did not interfere with me alter I came back from Veen's; when I woke up it was not from any disturbance made by you ; I am friendly with Mrs. Veen ; during the time I have been in the house I have never before soon anything disorderly in your conduct. Tlie defendant made a .statement lo the effect that lie had been u-ed for years to sleep in the room occupied by prosecutrix, and h.iviu been drinking on tlie day 111 <iuastion lie might have gone in as slated, but certainly without an improper purpose. In support of this statement defendant called Constable Murphy, who deposed to defendant having stated when the .summons was served that he remembered nothing about the matter, and that be would see Mrs. M'Carrick, and that it would be all riuiit. The defendant was sentenced to fourteen days' imprisonment. SALES OF FAT STOCK.—In the Melbourne market 011 Wednesday, tlie following fat cattle were sold from these districts :—G2 head from Messrs. Paton and Sons. Xooroiuong, at £6 15*. lid. lor bullocks, and £7 Us. 5d. for cows ; 24 cows for Mr. Wliittv, to £6 15s. 01 ; 25 bullocks lor Mr. Ley to £8 ; 20 fur Mr. Millard, to £7 2s. Gd. In tlie fit sheep sales we notice that 1021 merino wethers were quitted for Mr. James Mitchell of Table top to 13s. 3:1. 93!) wethers were also sold for Messrs. Gray and Noil!, Sandy Ridges. CRICKET AT YACKAXUAXDAII.— A match was played at Yackandandah 011 Saturday and Monday between a local team aud an eleven from South Melbourne. The local team were disposed of for 47 runs. The South Melbourne scored 133. I11 the second innings Yackandandah scored 54. The visitors therefore gained the victory by one innings and .32 runs to spare. IKSOLVENCV MKKIINU.—A second meeting in the estate of James Devine was held 011 Tuesday, before the District Commissioner. Mr. Thorold appeared for the insolvent. Insolvent gave as cause for his insolvency losses of cattle, &c.;, the result of the late drought No debts were proved, and the meeting closed. On the same dav, a first meeting was held in the estate of Arthur Allen Gaskins, miller, of Bowna. Mr. Thorold proved, on behalf of Mr. J. II. Kirkpatrick, to the extent oi £136, for rent of Bowna flour mill. Examined as to the cause of his insolvency, insolvent attributed it to heavy expenses incurred in connection with the illness and death of his wife ; also to a loss of £80 incurred in the insolvency of a person named Pyko. Examined by Mr. Thorold, insolvent deposed :—I admit the proof put in bv Mr. Kirkpatrick ; before I left the Bowna mill I did not put any money to mv credit at the Bank of Victoria, Wodonga ; I did not do 60 shortly after I left Bowna, nor did I place any money in any bank in the colony of Victoria ; I never obiained a cash credit at any bank in Victoria I once put in £8 in the "Bank of Victoria, W^onga, to send to Melbourne ; this was to go to D. Muiiro and Co. ; I think there was £5 on another occasion put through the bank ; this was paid to Mrs. Barratt; when I gave the cheque produced, £i lGs. 3d., to Mr. Kirkpatrick, I thought it would be paid ; I lodged the cash to meet it, but as it was not presented the money was applied to payment ot an amount due for drawing up a lease; I have been milling and buying wheat at Wodonga; I have bought altogether about 50 or 60 bags of wheat; that would be about 240 bushels, at 5s. per bushel ; this wheat does not form part of the assets in my schedule ; I have entered nothing in my schedule with reference to my transactions in Victoria ; I will not swear that I have not since my insolvency sold Hour made before I became insolvent; I have handed to the official assignee my account books j I did offer Mr. Kirkpatrick security if he would renew.acceptances of iniue due at Commercial Bank, Albury; I offered n bill of sale over mv furniture, &c.;, the value of which I stated to be £150 ; it was worth that to lue ; all these items were put down in my schedule ; my personal effects are put down in the schedule at £32 ; I can't account for the discrepancy between the two valuations ; when the furniture, was valued for the schedule, I understood the things should be put down at what thov would probably realise if sold ; I never told Mr. Kirkpatrick I had a quantity of plnte ; I had u few spoons, but 110 other silver; I have not sold or disposed of any silver within the lust three months ; I never said I had a quantity of silver plate that I had brought from England, nor did I say it was worth £100. COUIITS OP INQUIRY.—Sittings of these courts will be held as uuder:—Young, Momlav, 10th June; Wagga Wagga, Thursday, 20th" June; Urana, Monday, 24th June; Turnut, Saturday, 29th June, DISEASE IN PouLTRV.--For some weeks past there has been an unusually heavy mortality in local poultry yanls. Ever since the general break up ot the drought, in fact, fowls have been dying nt au unpleasantly rapid rate from some mysterious disorder. The cause of the disease we have not been able to ascertain. The fowls 00k dul and drooping for two or three days and then sudden y fall L\ n dead. If any of our readers be able to suggest a mode of treatment likely to be of service, we shall be glad to hear of it. STOCK REPORT.—Messrs. John Geo. Dougbarty and Co. report as follows :-Fat Cattlc;—121J entered for this week's sales, as against 1/36 last week. With the exception of the Juanbang dratt, all were from Victorian pastures. The quality as a rule was good, there being 110 far-travelled cattle although there were few remarkably superior, There was a good attendance of buyers, and a decided improvement in prices from last week ; best bullock b?ef making to 25s. per lOOlbs. 1-at Sheep.—10,476 varded, constituting a very moderate supply. Tliere was one flock from north ol the Muirav, and a few lliverina- bred sheep fattened iu Victoria, but the bulk were crossbreds from the districts west and north of Melbourne The qualities were good and average, few superior, The demand was strong, the number forward not being quite equal to trade requirements. All were therefore readily cleared out at satisfactory figures, merinos going from Is. to Is. Gd. a head over last prices. CROWN LAND SALE.—A sale by auction of country lands took place at the Albury Land Office <m Wednesday with the following results :— Lots E, F, and G, of 50a., 188a., and 2Sl Ja., respectively, in the parish of Yainbla, were knocked down to Mr. James Mitchell at the upset price of £1 5*. per acre. Lot O, of 114a. 3r Gerogery, was bought by Mr. August Friedrich at the upset ju ice of £183 for the lot CHURCH or EXCI.AXD GRAMMAR SCHOOL.— We uotiee that the Albury Church of England Grammar School will be reopened on Monday next under the head mastership of a gentleman who for many years occupied tlie position of Inspector of Schools in Ireland, and who received I'roui the English Civil Service Commissioners a titicate of his qualification and abilities. The curriculum of education for the junior divison embraces all subjects required for the civil service examinations; and that for the senior pupils has especial reference to the matriculation xaininations of the Sydney and Melbourne Universities. ATTEMPTED SCICIDE JJV A CHINAMAN.—On Monday last a Chinaman named Sam Young Jong was taken to the Wagga lock-up. suffering from a cut in the throat which he had inflicted upon himself with a knife. The injury was attended to by Dr. Wren, but the man died about midnight. It appears, however, that latal results 11 sued through an internal injury which the deceased received some time ago at Cootunundra, where he was seriously hurt by the shaft of a cart penetrating his side. Ever 6ince he had been spitting bloi d, and for some time past had been lying at a Chinese boarding house. When his money ran low he made the attempt upon his life, but we learn that the actual injury was very slight. Indeed this is borne out by the fact that 110 inquest was deemed necessary by the coroner. DISCOVERY OF HUMAN BEMAIXB.—We learn (says the Express), that on Monday a human skeleton was discovered ou the Tarcutta Creek, about eight miles from Lower Tarcutta. The skull was discovered in a log, where, it appears it was placed by a little boy, who saw it. It had also been seeu by other people at different times, but, strange to say, 110 notice had been taken ol it. The other remains were discovered a short distance away, iu consequence of the search that was instituted by Senior-constable Hoban. Inquiries are now being made with the view of supph ing evidence for an inquest, should such be considered necessary. UHAXA.—Our correspondent, under date of Thursday evening, telegraphs as follows:—" Today Mr. Edwards, of the Lands Department, performed the interesting ceremony of laying the first metal that has been placed on the streets of Urana. SCHOOL PICXIC AT NARANDERA.—Mr. Egar and some of the ladies gave the school children a treat 011 Easter Monday, and it was a great success. Games of all sorts were indulged in, such as feasting, dancing, cricket, racing, &c.; A great number of persons (nearly three hundred) mustered to enjoy the spoils, and pay attention to the good things provided bv Mr. Egar, Airs. Bradley Mrs. II. D. Adams, and Mrs. A. Clark.— FORESTRY AT BETUANGA.—A meeting convened by notices was held at Hill's Central Hotel 011 Friday evening, the 19th 111st., to take into consideration the opening of a Foresters' Lodge at Bethanga. Mr. M'Kay, who was voted to the chair, opened the proceedings by reading the notice convening the meeting, and spoke warmly of the several benefits that such an institution would confer on those joining it. Mr. Sullivan, ot Court Little John, thought to have seen more present, but was glad to see so many. He said that those about to join would never have cause to regret having done so when they saw the benefits they would receive by so doing. He referred to the several accidents that happened lately here, and showed how the families would have been benefitted had they belonged to such a Lodge. There must be a beginning; tliev had onlv so far signed their names, but lie wanted them all to come forward and pay their several amounts so as to get the Lodge opened as soon as possible. He had much pleasure in calling 011 Mr. Riddington the Secretary of the Yackandandah Court, who had convened the meeting. Mr. Riddington said he thought the time had arrived to establish a Court of Foresters' at Bethanga ; they had alieady enough names to entitle them to open one here. It was not only a benefit, but a Friendly Society, and the prelude to the General Laws gave a full account of the objects of the Society. All were bound to help one another, and it provided assistance to the brethren, widows, &c.; About 17 names had been sent to the Court Greenwood, No. 4G98, Yackandandah, in an application to have a Court opened here. The following gentle men were appointed to act as a working com inittce, to carrv out the objects :—Messrs. James Hill, John Leach, George Henderson, John Chap man. Mr. Co well was appointed to act as Score tary. A vote of thanks to the chairman and to Mr. Riddington closed the proceedings. The name of the Lodge is to be " Court Perseverance, and it is likely to be opened in about three weeks TISNOERS ACCEPTED.—The following tenders have been accepted for various roadworks in this district:—P. Adams, contract 1G., Road German ton to Cookardinia ; Gilligan and Connors, con tract 1G, Dean-street, Albury. COURT OF INQUIRV.—At a Court of Inquiry held last week at Deniliquin the following case was (inter alia) dealt with:—Margaret Ross, 1G0 acres County Townsend, parish Boree. Thomas C.iruc, Inspector of Conditional Purchases, de posed that he had inspected the area and found small but which had been evidently used as a residence, but at the time of his visit was in a state of dilapidation. lie did not inspect the area until four months after the expiration of the three years. He found improvements on the land of the total value of £170 15s. Alexander Ross deposed that bis daughter selected the laud on the lGlh July, 1874, and within a month he put up a house 111 which she went to reside, and had lived there habitually for three years and three months. The land is fully improved. The whoiearea is divided into three paddocks by fencing, but he did not know what it is worth. [A document was mid forwarded by Messrs. Withers and Grevillc, land agents, to the Secretary for Lands, Sulney, notifying that the selector" named in the margin" (Margaret Ross) being unable to comply with the conlitions of residence had instructed them to notify the abandonment]. Witness knew nothing of the document, and never had any dealings with Withers and Greville. Margaret Ross deposed that she always resided on her selection for three years after date of purchase. Had never heard of Withers and Greville, and never authorised any one to inform the Government that she intended to abandon the selection. She never intended to abandon it. Mr. Ross mentioned that there was iinother selector of the same name 011 the Denili quin Station, and he thought the notice might refer to her selection. The Commissioner said he had a recollection of such a selection, as he had reported 011 it He was satisfied that there was a mistake, and that the action taken by Withers and Greville was intended to refer to the other selection. THE CASE OF JOHN CLEELAND.—At the Yackandandah Police. Court, a few days since, John Cleeland, .1 farmer residing at Moorwatha, was brought up charged with horse-stealing. Mr. Bowman appeared for the prisoner. The evidence taken iu the case was to the following effect:— George Ray deposed : I am a blacksmith at Allan's flat; I remember Sunday, 31st March; on that day I saw prisoner riding one horse and leading another, at about a quarter past 4 p.m.; the one he was leading was mine, and is now outside the court.; van down the road, and sang out, " Aye ! what are you going to do with the horses ?" he said " Oh, nothing ;" told him the horses were mine, and asked prisoner where he was going to take them to ; he said "Just down here ;" he also said it was some mistake ; reached over to pull the halter off the mare ; asked him what he did with the hobbles, and he said the mare had no hobbles 011; saw him then null the halter off the horse ; I said, " Don't let the mare go, brin« her up to the house ;" the halter was pulled off by this time, and prisoner road away faster than in a canter ; I came back to the house, aud rode after him ; did not see the road he took ; don't know prisoner ; the luare was turned out on the previous Friday, and never authorised him nor anybody else to take her ; the police required me to identify prisoner ; when I saw him in charge of the police, walking up the gullv, about 50 yards ' I said he was like the man; at 10 10111 yards I eaid he was the man; I handed the mare over to the police on the Monday week alter be had her; value her at £2. Walter Dal son proved turning the mare out in hobbles on the common 011 Friday, the 29th ot March : on the following Sunday saw prisoner leading the mare the pony following. Henry Purdy deposed: W lnle standing on Ray's verandah on 31st March saw prisoner leading a mare (the oue now outside the court) down the road, about ten yards from witness; rode after him. Josiah Thomas cave similar evidence. John Kerby deposed : Saw the mare on the track, in hobbles, about 4 p.m., some 500 hundred yards from Ray's. Simon Fleming deposed : Saw prisoner at Indigo Creek, about 10 a.ni. on the 1st April; heard a conversation between prisoner and Kendall; he said he was coming over from the flats on Sunday, and not lost m the ranges. Robert Anderson, sergeant of police at Albury, N.S.W., deposed : PrisoSsdd he was not away on that date, he being at home and in his own district with his sheep and cattle ; read over the charge to hty at the watch- house and he repeated that he ^ not there onZ da\\. Constable Shoebndge deposed: When I arrested prisoner he made no statement; subsequently however, be made the statement sworn to by the previous witness; prisoner lives about 12 miles from Howlong, N.S.W. The nrisoner was fully committed Atrial at the, £ Assize at Beechwortb ; bail allowed-accu ed in £100, and two sureties of£100 each. last we notice that Mr A. Anderson, son of A Anderson, Efq., J.P., of Brocklesby, nearCorowa was successful in carrying off the third position on the list—a very honorable one considering the crucial test candidates undergo. An appointment m the service has since been offered aiid accepted by Mr. Andeieon. 1 June. CONCRETE BUILDINGS.—Mr. T. Y. Kiuipton an architect residing iu Melbourne, sends lis the following communication ou the subject of the cou* 6truction of fireproof buildings :—" Having read in various colonial papers accounts of the destruction oi buildings through bush fires, I am induced to request the favor of 11 brief space in your columns for a little information concerning the advantage arising froiu the use of concrete os a building material iu cases where it is desirable to render the structure fireproof. An eminent officer of the Royal Engineers states that he has used concrete very largely in the erection of barracks both for walls, floor, aud roof, and that lie is thoroughly convinced of the constructive value of the material. He states that for purposes of experiment he made a slab 14ft. Cin. square and Gin. thick. After twenty-one days setting'this slab was supported at the edges on brick walls and then submitted to the test of 84 men marching, doubling, aud doubling out of time upon it" without any 6igu of failure being visible. The same slab afterwards failed with 10| tons of dead weight placed upon it in the centre, which by mathematical calculation had been RBeerfained to be about one ton more thau the live load • so that if twelve men more had been engaged in'tho test the slab would probably have given way uuder them. He then had another slab made 14ft. 6in, by 6ft. 9in., and Cin. thick. This was subjected to the marching and doubling of 45 men, which test did not affect it in the. leafet. It was then loaded with dead weight in the centre and when 15 tons had been placed upon it,or3cwt. per foot super, it began sensibly to bend, and with 32 tons, or C'53 cwt. per foot super, it cracked slightly. The slab was then loaded lip to 42i tons, or S'S cwt. per foot super, but the cracks did not increase, for here the compressive strength of the material came into plav; the outside edges of the slab being tilted up to the extent of | of an inch. The material makes a perfectly impervious roof. Another gentleman who has studied concrete building for 31 years says that he first used it for flooring in room 19ft, by 13ft., without any iron joists. In a second attempt he made a floor 40ft. by lGft. also without iron. It was 4iin. thick at the crown, 1 lin. at the springing and flat at the top. To the floor above he gave a springing of 18in. and built 9-inch walls and 6£in. cross walls upon it, and it still stood without crack or blemish. Another authority says he has built a floor 12ft. Giu. by lift. Gin., and 6in. thick. This had a 4|in. bearing on the walls and it stood the test of being jumped upon in the centre with hardly any vibration. Another gentleman relating his experience of concrete building in Ireland says that the cottages be examined were perfectly dry with 9-inch walls, and as a proof of the fire resisting properties of the concrete he mentions that blocks of the material had passed unscathed through a lime kiln. To show the cohesive power of the material auother builder states that he had a balcony entirely supported 011 concrete cantilevers projecting 3ft. Gin. from the wall and llin. deep at the end nearest the wall, diminishing to 3in. at the outer ends. These cantilevers were attached to the wall seven months after the latter had been erected, the only means adapted for fixing being that of cutting out the thin cement coating with which the walls were faced, and then letting the end of the cantilever come with a straight butt joint against the face of the wall. Three days after the cantilevers were placed in position the balcony was tested by three men running along it, and it was not in the least affected. This gentleman further says he built of concrete a large warehouse containing 432,000 cubic feet. As to embedding the ends of joints in concrete walls he had done so to the extent of 500 in one building. Oue gentleman built a terrace of model buildings in concrete, the terrace conBistiug of seven houses with one continuous front wall. In conclusion, to show the economy of the material, I may mention that a gentleman tells me some warehouses 60ft. high were built a few veal's ago at the rate ot £3 10s. per rod, and concrete walling at Cs. per cubic yard. As au example of the adaptability of concrete to all uses, it is only necessary to say at the "picture gallery, King-street Lonilon, six panel doors have been made ol this substance." AUCTION SALES.—This day, at lla.m., Messre. O. J. Moore and Co. will offer, at the Riverine 1 aids, G head ot very superior horses, consisting of heavy draught, buggy horses and hacks. At noon the same firm will offer, at their mart, Deanstreet, a valuable lot of blue- gum timber, suitable lor wheelwrights and coachmakers, « quantity of spokes, felloes, naves, &c.;, and a lot of square and round iron. This day, at 12.30, Messre. Arnold, Greeley and Co. will sell at Urauagong, at the residence of Mr. Thomas Brown, a quantity of household furniture and effects ; also horses, cows, buggi^, and harness. At noon, to-day, Mr. T. Whitaker will offer for sale, at his yawls, Howlong, a lot of household furniture and effects, a Piano (by Broadwood), chaffcuttera, ploughs, horses, cattle, &c.; On Wednesday, Mav 8, Messre. 1 ,, , . - °Her, at Beectworth, the valuable butchering y a M d O o w i business U of Mr. Thos. Dalton, at Howlong. The lots to be submitted comprise tue freehold property, butchering tools, the workiig plant (spring cart, horses, &c.;)( and the goodwill of the business, which is said to be a flourisbon®' llmrsday, May 9, Messrs. J. C. Walker and U., m the estate of Mr. James Whittaker, deceased w,U offer at Goldsbrough's wool wave- Jioupes. Melbourne, the following three valuable lotsLot 1, the v ell-known and highly- improved 6beep station known as Walbundrie. The country is represented to be all well grassed and abundantly watered by creeks and dams. With the Btation will be sold 7000 well-bred sheep. Lot 2 conipmes all the freehold and selected land oji ^ u"' ^/ ]i with 2900 sheep. On Friday, 3rd May, Mr. e t G. e r F. Want, of Sydney, will sell, at y™»fMr.J. O. Irvingf neavPicton, the w bole of his highly-bred herd of pure-bred cattle. Com- minxcatcd. THE NEW BRIDGE OVER THE MURRAY RIVER AND THE DENILIQOIN RAILWAY.—At a public meeting convened at Moatua on the 15th instant,! to ascertain the opinion of the inhabitants of ! Moaina as to taking action or otherwise with reference to the use of the bridge by the Deniliquiu and Moaina Railway Company, a large and, influential assemblage was present. The object" of the meeting, and the reasons for the course adopted, will be found in the subjoined resolution, which was unanimously agreed to :—" That this meeting expresses its entire disapproval of the Deniliquin and Moaina Railway Company being allowed to run their trains over the new Murray bridge, for the following reasons :—First, the company do not wish to run their trains over the brid"e, for which statement we have the word of the "word of Mr. Burrowes, chairman of the directors, given before the Royal Commission to that effect. Second—Having been without a traffic bridge lor fourteen years, and thereby suffering great inconvenience, we hope our paternal Government will not virtually hand over a bridge which has cost £50,000 of New South Wales money to a Victorian monopoly, thus completely stultifying this district for the advancement of the best interests of the said Victorian monopoly. We hope that when the company apply for leave to run trains over the bridge, the Government will take our interests into consideration, and refuse them that privilege, as to grant it would be a virtual cession of the territory over which the company's line runs. Lastly, the use by the company of the bridge is objectionable, as it is so designed that traius can only run over it at great delay to the public traffic." HERBAGE POISONOUS TO SIIEEP.—News from Quiriudi in the MtisweUbrook Times of Saturday states that a mob of 6500 of Messrs. Nowland's 6heep were (after travelling for many months in search of feea during the drought) on their downward journey, in a marketable and fat condition. The lot had reached a spot near the crossing of the new line extension, something under a mile hom Burrabubula, having travelled without feed from live miles beyond Tamworth, a total distance of about thirty miles. On reaching a knob, the site of the A. A. Company's mishap, the flock at once set to work ravenously to demolish a common 6pecies of weed that occupied the place of grass thereabouts. It seems that the entire flock, in their hunger, had commenced to graze in a body, and almost directly afterwards some of their number " furwelted " (for the information of the uuinitiated i. e. turned on their backs) and died at once in great pain. Upon seeing what was going on the drovers at once set the dogs to round the mob up; but within the short space of five minutes, so quickly had the poisonous sap spread its influence, fully three hundred head were defunct. The drivers having quickly run the mob to safer quarters, about half a mile further ou, a muster was made, when 360 head were found to have dropped dead at the first halting place, and about 400 at the next—in all, fully 800. The weed has a slim "stalky" appearance, bearing a minute purple flower, and is well known for its slight seed pods, and absence of foliage. Having heard of the A. A. Company's mishap, orders had bteu issued by Mr. Nowland that the drovers should particularly guard against a common weed—the one so well known, bearing a yellow flower—and thus the sheep had unluckily been permitted to take their fill upon a poisonous one. Owing to the carcases being dropped in close contiguity with a Government road, the owners, to make the best of their ill luck, handed them over to a speculator, who, for the consideration of their skins and fat, undertook their demolition. Stacks five and six feet of the bloated remains were formed, aud the owners expressed their willingness to leave them thus and not add to their already heavy loss by having to remove the nuisance. The sheep were in fine condition, and, being about the best sheep of the flock, were estimated at 10s. per head, a total loss to Messrs. Nowland of some £400 sterling. It is believed, that had the animals fed but sparingly ou the weed, no ill-results would liavo followed, as sheep seem to be especially fond of the plant in question. A few years ago these gentlemen lost some fifty head of bullocks from the same cause. THE HOME GOVERNMENT AND THE LATE VIC- TORIAN CRISIS.—It is rather a long way round lor Melbourne news to reach us vid London, but we learn by cable message that Mr. Berry has protested through the Victorian agent-general against any attention being paid to returned colonists in London. It appears that some of these gentlemen recently waited upon Sir Michael Hicks-Beach in relerence to the crisis, and Mr. Berry now seeks to neutralise their statements by telegraphing that thev arc persons without influence in Victoria, lliis telegram will open the eyes of the English public to the real character of the democratic politicians of Victoria. They are unwilling that tue men who have been successful in lile, who by their industry, perseverance, and good judgment have obtained a competence which enables them w live either in Victoria or the mother country, should exert any influence upon the country. 110 telegram, to a certain extent, is true, these People have at present little influence in Victoria, because the protectionist carries all before him, and the lesson of experience has not yet been "Wong enough to convince the democracy of the lolly of the policy of their favorite. But neither Mr. Berry nor his telegrams are likely to convince English ministers that gentlemen who nave spent the greater part of their lives in the colony arc not to be listened to in colonial questions. According to the new theory the Governor is to be deaf to every voice but that of his • p ® , > and now it seems the Secretary for the polonies r mi er is to bo equally deaf to anv representation that is not made by Sir George Bowen. This theory may do for Oollingwood, but is not likely to be accepted at Westminster. MDiiDEaoos ATTACK.—A serious charge was investigated ou the 15th instant at the Echuca mice Court. The Rivennc Herald states that a ^nmauiau named Ah Tan appeared with bis head uouna up, to prosecute a woman named Mary Ah Kew, for injuring him. According to the evidence the prisouer struck the celestial with a meat chopper, cutting down upon his Bkull with the sharp edge. Fortunately the weapon struck sideways and lifted the scalp instead of coming directly to the bone ; but, as it was, an artery was severed, and the man lost a deal of blood. Prisoner appeared to have received no provocation but being ordered out of a Chinaman's house for calling the inmates " monkeys." She has been before the Court before for assaulting her Chinese husband, and she was given into custody some time ago by him for burning his house down, but the charge was not proved. Since then Ah Kew has lived apart from her. The woman presented a pitiful example ot female degradation, and of the vicious influence ol the Chinese upon Europeans. ACCIDENTAL DEATH AT GEELONG.—The body of a man named William Eiusporu, a German, was tound dead near Mr. White's residence at Freshwater Creek on Monday morning. The deceased had left his home at Spring Creek on Saturday morning for Geelong, and started for home late in the evening, after transacting his business. He seems unaccountably to have lingered on the road, as he was seen ou Sunday evening driving his horse and cart homeward. He was then believed by persons who saw him to be under the influence ol liquor, aud his horse was observed to be fractious. Soon afterwards he was seen driving his horse at a furious pace along a dangerous bush track. On Monday morning the horse reached the house of a farmer named Pohlk without the cart, and with a portion of the harness attached to it. Search was then made for the body, which was found on the roadside, and the spring-cart was found turned over on its side, apparently having been driven against a tree and upset. On Tuesday afternoon a magisterial inquiry was held by Mr. Heron, the police magistrate, when these facts were elicited :—Dr. W.ver gave evidence to the effect that death had been caused by rupture of the cervical ligament at the back of the neck. He also thought that a gash which was noticed on the forehead, together with the cold on Sunday night, were sufficient to cause death. The deceased was 55 years of age, and of intemperate habits. The finding was to the effect that death was accidentally caused by the upsetting of the spring-cart. MELANCHOLY EVENT AT A PICNIC.—The pleasures of the picnic given on Monday at Menangle to the inmates of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind Institution, were sadly marred by the accidental drowning of one of the deaf and dumb lads connected with the institution, named Adolph Wehrman, aged 17 years. It appeared that on the last Thanksgiving Day the churchwardens of the Hunter's Hill Church of England presented £4 10s. (as half of the proceeds of the offertory) towards the first treat the above institution should have. Mb Ellis Robinson, secretary of the institution, by the aid of a few friends, soon collected sufficient funds to give the children a treat. Through the courtesy of the Hon. John Sutherland, Minister for Works, a special excursion traiu was placed at the disposal of the committee. Monday was fixed for the day's outing, and Menangle the scene of festivity. At an early hour in the morning, the children, together with Mr. Robinson, the matron, and a lew friends, were conveyed by train to some picnic grounds near Menangle and the Nepean River. Here the children were regaled with creature comforts, and engaged in an abundance of sports. All went merrily until the atternoou, when an alarm was raised that one of the youths (Wehrman) was drowning. It would appear that Wehrman and another deaf and dumb boy strayed away from his keepers, and went into the river for a bathe. Ignorant of the depth of the water, and being unable to swim, Wehrinan got into the deep water and sunk. Those who witnessed the occurrence soon rescued the body from the river. Efforts were then made to restore animation, but without success. Tiie police took charge of the body, and had it conveyed to Campbellto wn. No blame can be attached to the attendants, who kept a vigilant watch over the children. The boy's untimely end cast quite a gloom over the plaee, and tended greatly to end the day's festivities in a sorrowful maimer. SPIRITUALISM AND DOGS.—A gentleman named Romanes has been anxious to find out whether dogs are believers in ghosts and spiritualism, and has been making experiments accordingly, with results for a knowledge of which the world is indebted to the New York Turns. Mr. Romanes began his researches into these mysteries with a bone ; and this, the critic says of him, " is alone sufficient to show the heartless and irreverent character of the man. If there is anything which a dog holds as peculiarly sacred, it is a bone. A terrier will submit to be deluded by false representations that there arc eligible cats in the coalscuttle, or that the piano is full of rats, but he feels that bones are too sacred to be made the subject of jest." Mr. Romanes, however, look the bono, and tied round it a thin silken thread ; and ju6t as the little Scotch terrier, with which his investigations were conducted, was in the act of seizing it, his master 6lowly drew it away. The poor dog regarded the moving bone with an amazement which found expression in erect cars and a tail gradually thrust between his hind legs, and becoming convinced, as Mr. Romanes supposes, that it was but the ghost of a bone, incontinently fled, howling dismally. On the whole, the New York Times considers that the dog behaved much more sensibly than many men would have done under a similar belief. "In all probability," the journal says, " bad Mr. Romanes ever seen a piece of roast beef in the act of cruising unassisted around the table, he would instantly have asked it preposterous questions, and would subsequently nave let his hair grow long, and have become a confirmed spiritualist. His intelligent dog did none of these things, but as soon as he decided that lie bad seen a spiritual bone he refused to have anything more to do with it, and continued to wear his hair of the usual length, and cling to that faith in which he was educated. Mr. Romanes was not yet satisfied, however: He took a pipe, got some Boap and water, and began to blo\v bubbles along the floor. It took some time to convince the terrier that these airy nothings were not a new kind of particularly dangerous rat, but presently he put his paw on one, and it of course collapsed. lie tried a second and it likewise vanished, and then, recollections of the ghostly boue overwhelming him, again he fled. Still Mr. Romances was not satisfied. He proceeded to "make faces" at his victim, and the grimaces he made were so hideously ugly that we are told the dog mistook him for the worst ghost he had ever seen, whereupon he crept under the sofa and tried to die. Lovers of dogs will sympathise with the poor little terrier ; and if Mr. Romanes continues his investigations, will hardly regret to hear that he has had to deal with a'lorger dog, which pursues a more spirited policy with regard to ghosts. DURATION OP LIFE.—In ancient Rome, if the imperfect statistics ol those times may be trusted, the average duration of human life, even among people who were in the most comfortable circumstances, was not more than thirty years. During the present century, the average for persons in a similar situation has already increased to fifty years. The average duration of lile in Geneva, during the sixteenth ceutury. was 21.21 years, it was 40.68 from 1814 to 1836, aud the number of persons who live to reach the age of 70, in that city at the present day, is as great as that of those who three centuries ago reached the age of fortythree years. In 1693 the English Government borrowed money and agreed to repay by life annuities calculated upon what had been ascertained to be the average duration of life at the time. Upon trial it was found that the adjustment was satisfactory for both parties. A similar experiment in life annuities was tried by Pitt ninety-seven years later, upon the same basis, and the result was this time highly disadvantageous for the Government. The average duration of life in England, during that period of ninety-seven years, had changed to such an extent that the operation proved disastrous for the Government. Upon the calculations of 1619 ten thousand human beings of both sexes died under the age of twenty-eight; at the time of Pitt's operation the number was only 6.116. The difference, of course, affected the result very materially. The point to which we wish to call attention is that the great improvements which have been introduced in modern times into the conditions of life must be followed by a still further increase in longevity. ?LENT.—The New York Tribune of March 6th has the following on the subject of Lent:—This morning all kinds of people will begin to keep all kinds of Lent. There will be much church-goin" all over Christendom. A large class will make it a matter of discipline for the stomach, foreswearing meat and taking to a diet of fish and eggs. Another will renounce balls and operas for forty days, and taste only the inild dissipation of kettle-drums, and high-teas ; a few will take it to mean a difference in dress ; others, a change from dancing to quiet card- playing. With the large majority, let us hope, however, of these good people, there will be a rational comprehension of the real meaning oi this religious observance, and a hearty endeavour to mortify their souls as well as their digestive organs, and to bring themselves into a closer relation with their Maker. Outsiders, and the large body of Christians who do not keep Lent, are apt to talk of it asasupeificial, emotional affair, with which vital truth has no neccssary connection. We are always 60 sure that all vital truth is wrapped up in our own creed! People, however, who are keen-eyed enough to detect the truth in all ages and in all sorts of disguises, will see in this modern Lent, only one form of an attempt which has been made 6ince the world began, by the best minds in it, to rid the 6oul forcibly of its outside garments, to look at it as it really is, and to find out how it stands with regard to the God who mado it. The Buddhist sits fasting for years to lift his soul to Nirvana. The Essene withdraw to the desert, the hermit to his cave, giving up the birthrightof other men—home wife and child—to clean their souls of outside alloy. The groat slave Epictelus, disabled in his hut, nslcs, calmly : " What signifies to ine anything which happens, while my soul is above it ?" The religion of the present day is of a very different sort irom this old ascetic discipline. The ancient Pagans, Jews, and Christians wrestled naked, as Jacob with the angel, lor salvation. The modern believer is borne to Heaven by a»sthetic gales of emotion—beauty, music, art, all help him ou his way. Perhaps the new way is the surest. It is not, luckily, for The Tribune to decide. Yet it can do the 'modern New-Yorker no harm occasionally to strip himself of all these soft appliances and to stand barefaced before his God. There can be no more wholesome discipline for any of us than to stop short in the chase after money, or knowledge, or amusement, and to say : " Without these stocks or this house, this wife or children, this taste or culture, what am 11 How much of a man would there be left ? What does the God who sent nie here think of me by this time ? What shall I carry in my hands to him when I go back ?" If the Lenten bells this morning would carry such questions to each man and woman who hears them, what a diffeient aspect life would put on in this city before night ! Such moments do come into the life of every man, worth being called a man. Pain may bring it, or loss, or the yawning grave of the one who is dearest to him. But some time in his life tie must stand in the wilderness alone with God, and be forced to look in upon himself and to see of what stuff he is made. To the devout souls who go out humbly in this season to face these awful truths we have but one word of warning. The Saviour went, like the Buddhist, the Essene, and the Stoic, faBting into the wilderness to test His soul. It is fitting that wo should go with Him. But He did not, like them, stuy there. He caine back into the crowded streets, the poorest byways, to work for His brethren. .'. COMMON SENSE IN PLOUGHING.—'Teams drawing loads on the roads get a breathing spell on the descending ground, while in ploughing the draught is the same from morning till night. There is a certain number of pounds a team can draw day after day and not worry themselves ; but if more be added, even as little as vou like, they walk unsteadily, fret, and soon tire. No amount of leeding will keep them in condition. There are many ploughs in use on which it would be an easy matter to decrease the draught at least forty pounds; and if men had been drawing them instead ol horses it would have been done. It must be plain to the farmer that every pound taken off Irom the draught or his plough is so much gained for his horses. It may be clone in more ways than one ; by the use of steel mould boards, bv keeping the coulter in proper condition. In ploughing sod the coulter docs a great deal ol the work, and should be kept sharp by forging at the blacksmiths, or by grinding every day if necessary. Of course it will wear out sooner, but "new coulters are cheaper than ucw teams. Set the coulter in line with the plough, the edge square in front, with an angle of 45 degrees from the point to where it is attached to the beam. When the share is worn out it is poor economy to use it any longer, but replace it with a new one. Let the traces be as short as will allow the horses to walk without hitting their heels against the swiffletrees; and have just pressure enough on the wheel (if one is used) to make the plough run steady. If the handles crowd continually one way the draught is not right, and if the plough is a good one it can be remedied at the clevis. To prevent the horses stepping over the traces in turning, fasten a weight of about three-quarters of a pound on the outside of the swingletrees— that is on the right end when you turn to the left, and vkc versa. Every observing man knows that horses are susceptible' to kindness, and equally so to unkindness. Many horses that were working steadily are made reckless with sweat in a short time by a sharp word or a jerk on the bit. Let the horses do their work as yon do yours, as easily as possible, and be as willing to overlook their mistakes as you should the mistakes of human beings.—Rural Australian. A SEA SERPENT.—It is stated by the New Zealand Herald of the 10th inst., that a sea snake or serpent lately found washed lip on the beach at Mercury Bay i6 now on exhibition at the Auckland Institute. In colors, and shape of the head and tail, it exactly resembles certain species of land serpents of Australian and other countries. The sea serpents are common on the coast of Fiji, Norfolk Island, the Malayan Peninsular, and New Guinea, but are by no means common on the coast of New Zealand. Some years ago one was found in Havelock-6treet, having evidently strayed from its ocean home. It, however, was spoiled, in a scientific point of view, having b^en severely uiashed with stones by some boys. Al>out twelve years ago one was observed near the shore on the West Coast, between the Waikato Heads and Raglan at the Maori settlement called Waikawau. The Maoris were horribly afraid when they saw it, but they were determined to have it for all that, and resorted to a most ingenious device to capture the ngaiara, and to protect themselves from all contact with it. Thev procured a big sea boot, and having got the serpent to enter, they tied up the top, and had the monster, which might have bewitched them, or done something else very dreadful, safe. What has become of that specimen we do not know. It was procured from the natives by Mr. Dashwood, shipwright, tbeji living at Port Waikato. /T'HE COMROST HEAP.—It should be located in the most shady paid of the yard, should have an impervious bed of concrete or of clay, well stamped down, and should not receive any water from other parts of the yard or from the roofs of surrounding buildings. II any of these conditions is not fulfilled more or less of the valuable portion of the manure may be lost, either by volatilisation under the burning rays of a summer sun, or by soaking into the ground under the pile or by 'icing washed out by currents of water. Water falling ou the pile directlv from the clouds does no harm. The bed on winch the pile ivsts should slope towards the middle of one siile, where there should be a tank to receive the diaina^c from it. If the maniuv is to accumulate for half a year, it is estimated that the bed should have an area of about seventy square feet for each cow, ox, or horse in the stalls. The bed should be long and narrow, so that the teams can drive up alongside of it and receive the manure without too much labor in loading ; or there may be two piles with a roadway between them. The mauure of the different kinds of animals should l<o well mixed in the pile by spreading in layers with the different kinds alternating ; otlieiwise the progress of the rotting may be too rapid in some parts of the pile and as much too slow in others. The tank should be provided with a pump and gutter by means of which the liquid that drains into it can be pumped over all parts of the pile at intervals, to keep the manure moist and in that way properly regulate the progress of the fermentation. This operation should be performed two or three times a week ; the oltener, the hotter ami drier the weather ; but some judgment must be exercised in regaid to this matter, for the pile may be kept so wet and the temperature so low that no rotting at all will occur. The manure should be well trodden down, so that no cavities will be formed within the mass. The appearance ol mould anywhere on or in the pile is to be regarded as a sign that th« fermentation is not proceeding in the proper manner. When the pile has reached the height of six or seven feet it may be covered with a thin layer of earth, which will serve to prevent any loss of ammonia by volatilisation. Of course all sorts of refuse matter from tbe house and farm may b« added to the pile, and will be a source of increase in its value ; but they should be uniformly mixed in with the other materials as carefully ns the different kinds of mauure should be intermingled. —New York Tribunu ? 