ZIGZAG PAPERS. Z. “ Yes, write as you like, for I do not care what your opinions are but you must respect" the laws of decency and at libel."— Ed Star. “Bight, O wise man. I will be reverent of the laws.”—Z. What' a .melancholy admiration I have for the antique,saw ; which made Fortune blind! And how true it ia I '.'Here am I going with pious regularity ; into all the. lotteries and neverdrawing. a prize, whilst Pives, .the'bloated aristocrat, and Midas, the grubber, I win on my right hand and on my left This may-be mathematically ’accounted'for 'by De Mo'rgan, ( who determined; the law of chances by throwing up. a penny a million times or so to see how often it turned ;up head-or tail,’but it is no consolation to me/ Nor can I solace myself like Mr Bade, by philosophically denouncing all the. lotteries,-.and rpoeketing /per- Icentages on them. I will avenge myself by taking .'a leaf out of Bade'e book of-percentages, as his other leaves bave not paid, me. -But,will he teach me the way ? There’s the nib. Let me moralise father. ; If; .all the' lotteries be /swindles, must - they not 'be jwhat Gaunspn .says,. .Befo^V.'...l»a^e‘ : "iB/ ; ja i ,..^gi^e':^to'--%^.'pquntix'f;V; Then, .can, it, be (right to take percentages in swindles:?-. No, li (will .have 'nothing ;,to : do with'that part 1 of' the’ busi ,neas; " I will buy, a^lbngT : as r my ■banker wiU let ;me, !have an.overdraft, ana will-say l am not responsible jfor the immoralityi'of. the.swindlers. By the bye, might. I not,-consult. Bridges f He is the bid pioneer’ of aft union ' raffles here.. .He and Da. (Vinci, and Berlin wool put a Ballarat man upon a farm in Canada .twenty . years or .more ago; ’Now; Bridges'is on.a bigger thing.' £20,000 to be divided‘between .him self and the subscribers, • that is,: the few whom the personage will .favor. True knight ,errant is Bridges." He flies his*flag, and fights all who insult it. He punched a man’s ' head in the Mall at Sand hurst the other day,-because be said .the scheme was what Bade says they all are/ and like this brave com mingling of the noble ahd.the.fine arts, and look for more fun to come out of it yet. ' One 'pound of mine he has,a-.truly pious offering:upon the'shrine of chance, and the. more beads he punches the: more -1 :will,' exercise'faith; in such muscular adminutration of ■ the -rafiS-e, land r look • 'to' ■ see ' an answer able sequestration of the £2o,ooo—in my favor. Not.; that' .I/ .care.- about -money, ,0? dear rip, but I‘work In "the interests:-of science, and simply experiment- as De Morgan did. I have been tossing up coins of various values round all the, circle of “swindles,”.and am getting to know something of' the occult law which governs these things. ,; And more than that now: : I feel.’ that; I have a .vicarious interest in ' applied pugilism.'; If AIL or’Matt., of theH.R., WereVtp aiak me to'tak'e'a lesson, I should confidently decline, and’; tell them J have a 20,000 th part of a professor all 1 to triy'aelf/ J whp ’goes, absent,- on convincing pilgrimages,' with.’my sovereign and all the great masters at-hla back and beck. r -.■■:?, . , -Mr Editor, could yoii'imagine that a devout spiritist would iconoclastically, ., ghosts of the great departed, and pull down, with ruthless commercial purpose, the’ ; bricks,‘ and mortarj ’ arid' ' timber, and gilded ornaments sacred to Thespis/and Brook, and Kean, and. Montgomery ? Yet all .this' is Septimus - Richard doing. I ; saw the ' ghosts myself a few days .ago, glaring with . hollow, eyes through, the' din and" dust bf ~'thedismantled old Royal. What a sight it .was !' Chaos and destruc tion.reigned. .Where the pit and stalls, were there gaped dark pits 'amid* heaps of bricks and dust and fallen timbers. .' Half the boxes were, torn to pieces, arid the dtbris was being thrown with violence into dark abysses, and the'stage was a’yawning vacuity, dark, empty, and dirty, where the ghosts , glided and glared with most weird exits and entrances, , changing shape arid guise as I gazed in startled wonder and sadness upon the scene. I saw them through all the dust, of tumbling bricks arid all,the noise' of. rudely thrown timbers as the iconoclasts' went about?, their; work of brutal desecration. ( 'There, ;on the v O.P. side of the proscenium, stood poor Brooke as' Othello/ drunk,,as.l saw him years before/ facing with' stately anger the hisses that came from the pit. He -mut tered a few sepulchral words 'of defiance; arid dis appeared.. • Then the : scene, changed, arid: I saw. him, 0,-so. sober, with a far-looking tragic calm and; earnest ness in his eyes, waiting for death on board the London. Then, with rapid back' shifting" of the time, be reappeared, and I heard the manly music of his sonorous eloquence in Master Walter as Fanny Cathcart knelt; before ■ him/ and he discussed 1 the analysis of human love arid probed' the depths and shallows of conventional relationship. He and .fus ing round sentences vanished/ arid Charles Kean came on with his scholarly artificialism, when,, as 'Hamlet, heexclaimed, “O that this too, too solid flesh would; melt, thaw, and resolve itselLinto’a dew.” And he vanished quickly. Then came Montgomery, still in the same sober suit and inky, cloak, the most perfect Hamlet of them all. A new creation, instinct with original genius. Then ?he came with his exquisite naturalness in .comedy, and hushed the whole theatre with a vivid force of realism, never before witnessed there. He shifted past the flys, the scene too shifted, and I saw him dead, killed by a wotnan they said, and all the footlights were turned down. Then they .were all ablaze again, and there passed before'- me. the glitter and the merriment of pantomine and Christ mas extravaganza, Andthen I heard the music : of opera, arid saw the crowded seats. Whose occupants applauded l the.’ Escotta, the Barrattis, and all the after comers of that gifted lyric throng. Then there came Celeste with her melodramatic attitudes in Miami, and after her Charles Matthews in Sir.Charlea Coldstream, whoiri shrieks of delighted re- acquaint anceship greeted, from old .Loudon-playgoers in the gallery andthepit/ -Then cable Clarence Holt as Bel phegor the Mountebank, then J. P. Hydes and his pretty grisetie- like wife, who they say, in George Elliot’s language,’ became a Methody.' Then Hoskins stalked upon the stage as Dr Pangloss, then as Affable Hawk, then preached in green muslin and tinsel armor from the flys as the Ghost in Hamlet, then, as the popular manager, addressed the gods and the pit, which soraained with delight, arid screamed again as.Coppin poked his umbrella round the P. side of the proscenium, and made Paul-Pry’s baggy pants follow,:, and all the fun of the face and • comic voice, Soon, I almost wept at;his pathos in Milky White, while the gods laughed at it, and they and I were riot in accord again till: Jefferson came on with that touching reali sation of Rip Van Winkle which made laughter and 1 tears .mingle so! irresistibly all over the house. . Far away behind in i the -gloom of the ’ emptiness there; flitted about;ln' ineffeotriahoutlirie, a'spectral host of walking gentlemen; heayy. fathers, arid supers. Here and there, I sawjhe places where I had sat a hundred times,-the: places where, ilasi' and • weary, I.had. slept wall through alb the patter of dialogue and all the fuss and fustian of stage business, and was. only waked by scraping of: idiscordant fiddles -or the interlude shouts of “ Apples, oranges, and nuts, lemonade and' giuger beer; lemonade and gingerbeer,,, apples, oranges;-; arid, nuts.il- The-fiddles.are silent,riow, arid the actors/ arid the shouting boys with the refreshments, the seats are empty, the-lights are all-'turned'down. All at once the..appaj-itiona. of the quick and the dead "dis appeared, fqT, the house, itself was ; disappearing, agd’ the thunderi-.of’.heavy titribers? falling? upon the hollow remnant of the v pld : pit floor* arid'the loud shouts of laborers, broke up the whole vision, which instantly, dissolved; (leaving behind ? only the wreck of what-was? once/the- Theatre Royal.;- ??!•'-■’ ■ ;; ? I had been drinking rather; freely, and was of a: turn of mind a-little -like the-Bridge street hatter, so when the alarm of water was raised in Sturt street the other night, I had an'atta'ckof' the horrors. Stark naked'from the crown of my head tP near the bottom of ?my beard, Brushed out into the middle of the' highway, and for a full hour, “by the pale moon light,” watched the sixty-foot fountain voluminously wasting honest .liquor in the .roadway.. Leaning against a lamp-post, I soon got cold andSjßdm, and then-there came ,to me- that -one of the few old Romans left, Honestus Orator Isay Dramaticus, and gave me a graphic picture from Victor. Hugo, showing a demon cannon on board ship that rushed about with its murderous metal and ’killed divers of the equipage, but was; at-last.-bound fast-.by a gallant officer. To that gallant officer the capUain called and said—“ For your bravery I decorate you, and for your neglect in not seeing that the gun was piriperly secured, I punish you.”’ He’ then’ hung ■ about the officer’s neok a decoration,;and then called out a file of .soldiers who. shot him dead. So let the Water Commission be decorated for.giving us .water, so let them be'—- for taking a whole blessed hour to turn it off from a bursted main.* 