> 'ciopwo-. i ' He jests'Ot' scars i»7to. Moor felt a icound — eomko. I -V- i Oka of the Wpst awful 'recdllections Mr. Banbury Cross, : ' of -Booloiig, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, ; ) was when he made his first, and only appearance as an l ) actor at a, private-amateur theatrical-entertainment at his , ,ovyn hpuse'lh Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad conceived that he was horn to he an actor — to tread the ' boards like the great Gavrick and the elder Keah— hut it ; ' was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his i I peculiar Aehdt'i On finding the Melbourne and Sydney : I managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing ; red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the hull by the horns" and got up a compauy of his own down , ' at' his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense - I ill- building a small, theatre, purcharing wardrobe, having ) scenery -painted — for B.anhury was determined to do the \ . thing well and in tip-top style. He "got together a kind 5 of scratch company, many of them like hlinself, raw am- i bitioiis amateurs, eager " to fret their hour upon the ! stage" and one or two seeiy outcasts of the profession ; j > aqd he looked forward to the pro.iuction of his pet play, ! "iHle't," himself- as the Prince, with much excitement, j not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a 1 ) nipnth's constant rehearsal, were jn-etty perfect in their \ words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of i theOTforgot them. , The scenery Ijitched ; the Ghost was i ) intoxjcated, and tlie'..i,W7, likewise an amateur, . \ buret into a nervous' fit of tears before she said a dozen ; lines. Banbury was 'roared at by the local personages who ; ) assembled to assist , at the amateur performance. But this ; V was not the worst, ifor .Ba,nhury found that when the bills , canie in the expense was twice "as large-as he bad' expected, f ) and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, ; , " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on credit, because ; they knew that' my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- i I ist, wbuldrpay them, hut I knew very well he would do no j . such'.thlng when he.'foiind they were for theatrical trap- j : piags,ffor. if there 'was oiie thing hie held in abhorrence it ; I was.the theatre.". What was he to do? His uncle would i disinherit him, turn him out of the house h-2 bad furnished j ' for him, and send him adrift oii.the world. What was he j I to do? His'creditoi-s would not wait and he would be a | miserable -pauper. But for all this he did not lose his .' ' house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the hank in his j I name, thanks to the timely aid of one lo/to is a friend to j the drama as-n'dll tlsfo the rest'Of' tlte world, who advanced | ' him the -needful. Need we; say his name.' No ; all know « I him I But we. may a.s well remark it was. the phamjiioii | of the distressed, __ ' ' - DAVID. henry, of. 52 Collins street east, _ \ '"Who has frorti' 5 tci iS liliOO!) to lend onnoteAof hand, bills i , of .sale (>yith; or '>yithput- security), salary, orders, life policies, certificates; deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, 3 ' merchandise, on expected remittances, oy on moneys per- i J sons may be entitled to from England '.and elsewhere, etc., I repayable to isuit the convenience of hofi- bwers. ; ) Bills discounted daily at the Ibivest rate, of interest, and j , moffgdges.froiix 6 pel' cent. . , ' , ' 1 