[?] ENGLAND AND HER POLICY. ,'WHAT A BRITISH LIBERAL PEER THINKS OF PEACE AT AEY PRICE. ?Great Britain musifigM for her position ' or cease to he great. Finding the full text of Lord Dunraven' letter to the editor of the Nmv Yorli World of such deep interest to every British subject, 'We publish it in detail. (To the Editor of the World.) ?Sib — Although tumor has been, rife in 'Great Britain as to the causes that have in duced Lord Beaconsfield to summon Parlia ment to meet at such an unusually early date as January 17, as yet nothing definite is known about it, nor is it likely that the mo tives which have influenced the Prime Minis ter will become apparent until the chambers have actually met, and possibly not for some little time after that event. Nothing is more natural than that the Ministry should desire to strengthen their hand by such a strong card as a grant of money for warlike pur poses ; but it is very unlikely that they will be willing to show their game to the extent or striking oils any uaru unu. uiok imu ui po licy, or oven of diplomatically hinting at the nature o£ the course of events which ?would in their opinion justify armed in tervention. Even if the members of the Cabinet have arrived at nny conclusion on the subject, and are themselves aware what line of conduct on the part of either of the belligerents in the arena or of Europe in the boxes would necessitate an appeal to arms, it is most improbable that they will be prepared to expound their views on such a delicate matter until absolutely compelled to do so. That good old-fashioned standing dish, that mueh-hacked-at but still satisfy ing piece tfa resistance, 'British interests,1' will lie duly served up. It will be stated that it would be most injudicious.during this . very critical stnle of affnirs and pending the expression of opinion by the European powers on certain questions submitted to them, to say anything more definite than that when an opportunity_ offers itself for doing something, something shall bo done, and that in the meantime there is a capital chance for doing nothing, of which Her Majesty's Ministers will industriously avail themselves. And then you play your British interests and the ball is kicked out of bounds and excitement subsides until somebody throws it up again and starts the game afresh. Last session the tactics of both parties were simple and monotonous. They consisted of the Opposition say ing, 'Tell us what you are going to do in order that we may object to it,' and of the Ministry replying, ' No, thank you ;but kindly explain what you would do in our place, in order that we may Bhow how foolish it would be.' But a similar course of mutual suppression of opinion cannot be pursued during the coming session. Unless something miraculous occurs to very materially alter the complexion of EaBtern' affairs, and to change the shape of the mould in which events are there fashioning them selves, it is certain that before long a debate or series of debates must take place in the British House of Commons which will far transcend in interest any ordinary debate, even upon such an important and momentous question as peace or war. Nor will the dis cussion claim the attention of Englishmen alone. A great principle will be involved in it which is in itself of vast importance to all mercantile nations, independently of the effect it must have upon them by reason of the direction in which it will set the current of English foreign policy. A debate raised upon the proposition that England should assume a more vigorous attitude in Europe in reference to the Eastern complication will in reality be a discussion upon the merits of the much greater question whether for the future her policy is to favor expansion or contraction . If there is any honesty among those who are likely to be most eloquently hostile to allowing a grant of money for war purposes, they must ad vance arguments applicable not only to the present struggle, but to any and every war, to war in the abstract. In this exceptional case the lesser will contain the greater, and in deciding whether England shall in the pre sent instance enforce certain theories and principles, if necessary, with the sword, Parliament will have to consider under what circumstances, if any, a country is justified in submitting to the horrible calamity of war. Unless they feel themselves so hopelessly weak in numbers that there would bo no chance of gaining their ends by a broad com prehensive statement of opinion ; and unless therefore they prefer to avert hostilities in the present instance by pushing forward the puerile and fallacious doctrine that England cannot be injured by a Russian seizure of the head of the great valley of the Euphrates, or even by the possession by Russia of the Dar danelles, by her having command of the Medi terranean and of the terminus of the shortest future route to India, and by her being in a position to constantly threaten our communi cation, thither over the existing road ; unless they recognise their numerical inferiority as incapacitating them from bold utterance, the ' peace at-any-pricc' party must, in advocat ing non- interference in the present crisis, bring up the most vitally important question that a first-class power can have under con sideration. — viz., whether it is wiser to main tain or to abdicate that position. In the lives of all nations, provided they .have time to indulge in philosophical specula tion, there must arrive moments when the .question obtruds itself, 'After all, what is the ?use of my proud position ? Does it pay to be a first-rate power and to have a seat at the council-board of nations ? Is my preemin ence cheaply or dearly purchased by the blood and treasure that have bought and that ?maintain it ? If greatness costs so much, and if the strong man armed has to keep watch and ward so constantly, would it not be better to become insignificant, unworthy of the gliincc of envy, unobtrusively weak .and lowly, meek and mild, and to rid oneself .at one and the same time of the responsibility of one's possessions said \tha weight of one's ftrmor ?' It is very natural that England should wish to occasionally balance her ac counts, and the fact tliat such a question pecurs to her, need not by any means indi cate a sense of feebleness and constitutional decay. 'With, the continental nations pf Europe the case is different ^ but, situated as she is, there is nothing incompatible with perfect vigor hi England's asking herself whether she really gains anything by taking a prominent part in the European concert, whether in fact she does not pay dearly for the privilege and would not be far happier hugging herself in selfish isolation in her little island in the North sea. England is not of necessity n part of the European system. Situated within sight of them she is for many practical purposes most remote from other nations. She can with geological justice say — ' My lot is not cast in with yours ; I lie outside the orbit of your devas tating cyclones ; I do not even inhabit the same row with Ucalegon, and my dwelling cannot catch fire from the conflagrations that threaten to burn him out of house and home. Why, then, should I meddle with your affairs ?' Yes, that is very true ; the home stead is perhaps safe enough; but what is to be said about the byres and barns scattered over the four quarters of the globe 1 Is there no danger for them, and if there be any, ought measures to be taken to protect them, or would it not bo advisable to get rid of such precarious property altogether? Such ques tions occur naturally enough, and at first sight the answer appears simple. A quiet, comfortable home, a sufficient income snugly invested in sound securities, a life of ease to be devoted to congenial pursuits, nothing to do but draw dividends and spend them, presents a pleasantor picture than that suggested by the possession of vast pro perties saddled with constant anxiety by a ceaseless struggle -among aggressive neighbors, by the necessity to bo always self-asserting and alert. Nearly all men infinitely prefer the enjoyment of the fruits of past labor to tho labor itself, and look forward with pleasure to a retirement from business. The only question is, When is it safe and prn.cticn.ole to retire ? In a little work which, as it has been mar vellously successful I, must be brimming over with merit, there occurs amid a good deal of semi-irreligious twaddle a most pro found remark. The idea is not original, of course, for Solomon, with a scandalous dis regard for the feelings of future real and psoudor-philosophers, said all the wise and bitter things long ago. In ' Helen's Babies' Toddie, when offered everything he wants, makes but ono request, and justifies his unjuvenile continency by the infinitely wise remark that ho does not want to be bothered with lots of things. Are not the lives of half — should I not say of all ? — the envied rich men oE the world embittered because they are bothered with lots of things ? And is it not so also with nations ? Is not England especially bothered with lots of things ? She has a finger in every pie j her irons are redden ing in every fire ; it is scarcely possible to walk through the world without treading upon her sensitive corns. Would she not be happier untroubled by her various cares ? Possibly an affirmative answer could be truthfully given to that proposition, but it does not properly represent the question at issue. The cases are not parallel. The in fant philosopher above mentioned declined to be saddled with incumbrances, but that is another matter from a determination to get rid of an existing load. We are not discuss ing the abstract question whether England would be happier had she never progressed beyond the condition of an insignificant power, but whether her circumstances can be improved by retiring into that obscure position. There is a great deal to be said on both sides, though the weight of argument will be found, when the question is thoroughly ventilated, to lie with overwhelming pre ponderance on one side. There are and have been for a long time engaged in English politics a few men— wise, learned, intelligent and very earnest — who have always advocated ' peace-at-any- price' principles. Their ideas, somewhat vaguely stated, have never yet been seriously dis cussed, nor have their theories been formu lated into an article of any recognised political creed. But there are signs indicat ing more vigorous action on their part, Circumstances are favorable now to produce tho crystallisation into some definite shape of the incoherent opinions of various expounders of contraction doctrines. In the first place England has almost become a total abstainer; sho has interfered but little of late years in foreign affairs, and she is therefore accus tomed to a policy of non-intervention. She has boon a good deal snubbed in consequence and is almost not unaccustomed to that unpleasant process (I might parenthetically remark that, by a strange coincidence sho has at the same time suffered from great depression in trade, and is becoming used to hard times). Moreover a great and growing need is making itself felt of some large principle, concerning which people may agree to differ. Some war cry has to be invented, some standard must be set up. It would be too barefaced a thing for parties to be designated simply the ' ins' and the 'outs,' and it would be scarcely creditable to charge shouting Vive nous autres a las les autrcs. The peculiar policy we have under consideration has gradually become recog nised as tho property of the ghost of one of the political parties that lately divided Great Britain, and I look to see 'Peace at any price' emblazoned on one side of the Liberal banner of the future, while extension of the county franchise occupies the other. Of the late Liberal party nothing now remains but a heap of disconsolate chips, scattered by the ruthless axe of the marvellously intellectual lumberman who, out of the goodly tree he once cherished, has hewn himself a stump from which he has bewildered sympathetic crowds by the constant and irresistible flow of his matchless eloquence. A vigorous effort to reorganise must be made. The chips must be reconstructed into a fresh platform, with ' peace at any price' as the principal plank in it—an attempt to introduce unsuitable material which will infallibly result in the overthrow of the whole fabric. England is approaching a very important epoch in her life, and it behoves her to con template her position and prospects in u calm spirit and with practical common sense. The time has long since passed away when the personal feelings of sovereigns or idio syncrasies of Ministers determined the main current of England's policy. The will of the people makes itself so distinctly and rapidly heard that there is no danger of misinterpre tation of the popular voice. Last year the clear judgment of the nation was partially clouded over, and for a time perventod, by the , brilliant oratory of the chief speaker among those who undertook to preach a species of crusade through the country, and endeavored to persuade their hearers of the purely Christian, humanitarian and eminently religious and unselfish motives which compelled Russia to make war, It is not likely that a similar effect can be produced again. The sheep's clothing has been pretty well torn oft in the struggle, and the wolf's fangs and teeth are apparent to all. ;. Though subject: to occasional bursts of enthusiasm the English people are eminently practical, and they will decide upon the .future policy that appears most advantageous without suffering themselves to be inflamed by emotional appeals to' a morbid religious sentiment, England has even been accused of vice and selflshness,,I know not with how much truth ; but if selfishness bo national, it necessitates private self-sacrifice and be comes a virtue. A nation has a right to be selfish and to direct its policy for its own goad as long as the world continues unre generate and until Christian ethics practi cally obtain among all people. England not only has aright to concentrate attention on herself, it is her positive duty to do so.' Sho has to look at this question in its effect upon the vast multitudes of every color and creed who shelter beneath her flag. Charity begins at home, and she has enough to do to guard hersolf and those committed to . her care, without falling into a state of hy perajsthesia concerning the woes of others. What England wants now is not an hyste rical appeal to her finer sentiments, but a clear, straightforward, practical statement, explaining under what circumstances sho can and under what circumstances she cannot ab stain from taking a hand in the present game. And she has to make up her mind, also, upon the much more important question whether for the future she wishes to lead in the van of the fight of freedom and civilisation against ignorance and superstition, or to limp humbly and dejectedly in the rear ; whether she desires to grow and expand, or to wither and decay j to maintain and still further to improve her position, or to abandon her proud attitude and seek obscurity and ease. She has to elect to either remain a first-class or to become a third-rate power. Concerning the first and inferior question, viz.,what England's immediate policy should, be, I have not at present anything to say ; neither can I at tempt to enter upon any details of the latter. My object is merely to indicate what the gene ral effect of tho proposed new Liberal doc trine must infallibly be. Up to the present tiinp expounders of this new faith have not attempted to furnish any debtor and creditor account. They have largely dilated upon the gains to bo effected by retrenchment and have omitted all mention of the loss. The arguments they have used have been founded upon the entirely false premise that it is possible fora nation to stand still. This is a most pernicious fallacy. In all the universe — as far as we know it — there exists no such thing as repose. Nothing is stationary and at rest. All things wax and wane, diminish or increase. Change from higher to lower forms, degradation from superior to inferior shapes, is the law. Growth and decay are universal. There is no escape. There can be no exception in favor of any nation j when it ceases to spread abroad its branches its leaves begin to fade and fall. The flood tide is quickly followed by the ebb, and it cannot float for a moment placidly on the quiet waters of still content. As long as a nation is young and its popu lation, though potentially large, is yet in reality small, it can progress slowly or rapidly, according to the mysterious laws that govern development, in peace and quietness without coming in rude contact with the other runners in the race. But when it has long ago overleaped its borders, when a meagre territory can ill support a tithe of the teeming population upon it, when its very life depends upon the for» bcarance of others fiercely fighting in the struggle of existence, or upon its own ability to force its way and to maintain its natural or acquired ad ran tages, then the competition becomes intense ; then arises the necessity for constant effort. There can be no sitting down with folded hands to rest. To live, a nation must assert itself j to fall back in the race is to die. England cannot remain balanced where she is. She must advance or go back. She must push her way as she has hitherto done, bravely bearing her burden, or she must cast off the burden and give up the rnee. She cannot sit down awhile and rest. The back must be strengthened to bear the load, or the load must be thrown off altogether to ease the weakening back. The latter is the alternative chosen by the ' peaceatany price' party, not clearly enunciated as yet, but distinctly to be understood. England is over-burdened, they say ; therefore the weight must be removed. War is costly and horrible, so every temptation towards war must be avoided ; old treaty obligations, post, participations in international settlements, must be annulled and torn up regardless that national honor is destroyed with them ; and for the future no such engagements must be undertaken. India is a thorn in our side ; pluck it out. The colonies are incumbrances; cast the in off. The maintenance necessary to tho high position we occupy is vastly ex pensive, and our station renders us liable to much annoyance ; abdicate and choose an humble walk in life. That is the ' peaceat any-piice' polioy looked at in its entirety and followed to its natural conclusions, I wish I had time and ability to indicate all that is implied by it. It will be sufficient now to scan rapidly the general result. What a terrible list of casualties we have to contemplate ! — a loss of prestige and the many evils consequent upqa it ; a sense of national; disgrace and the demoralisation following upon a loss of self respect ; the abandonment of India; a severance of connection with the colonies j the restoration to original proprietors of various pieces of property, throughout the world ; a fall from the position of a first class power to that of a secondary or rather of a third or fourth rate state, and a total collapse of trade. It may be objected that I am discounting the future too liberally, but it is not so, In a case of this kind it is right to calculate the consequences as far as pos sible ahead. Besides, have not the advan tages to Britain of her Eastern dominion been seriously called in question of late ? A surrender of India has been mentioned as an eventuality not looming hazily in remote futurity , but as being near at hand, and an object worthy of present attention. And the general tendency of colonial policy as enunciated by so-called advanced Liberals indicates a desire to push the fledgelings out of the nest whether they are able to fly or ' not. The impetus of a falling body in creases at a frightfully rapid rate. A nation once started in the downward path moves with ever-increasing velocity, and ap proaches, at a pace it little dreamed of, objects once considered so remote as to be unworthy of serious thought. The gain to be effected by a policy of strong contraction is easy enough to calculate. There is no difficulty in putting down on paper the large items expended on im perial rule in the colonies and the vast sums incurred in maintaining British India. The bill for such places as Malta, Gibraltar, Aden, is large and can be readily added up. It can be shown with ease into what small and comfortable limits the annual expenditure of the country could be reduced provided these;incumbrances were cast off and the army and navy cut down to a size commensurate with the smaller area of British possessions. It is pleasant to con template a great remission of taxes, and that is a pretty picture of the poor man lingering over his free breakfast- table, enjoying his untaxed. tea and coffee, and moralising on the blessings of retrenchment over his un taxed pipe of tobacco. But before attempt ing to, realise the dream it would be well to consider whether a reduction of incomes would not accompany the remission of taxes, and whether the free tea and sugar would not prove to be beyond the means of the im poverished poor man. The difficulty com mences when you try to cast up the items on the other side of the balance-sheet. Who can calculate the value to ? England of India outside of its trade returns and its ascertain ablo commercial worth, but considered as a field of useful occupation, a fair outlet for the energy and restlessness that, if it cannot find free vent, will rend the body politic in pieces ? Where shall we find reduced to pounds, shillings and pence the prestige that accrues to us from the ability with which India is administered ? Who will measure the value of the colonies as fields for emigration, where, without cutting entirely adrift from the ties and associations of Fatherland, those who, through stress of circumstances or force of exuberant energy, cannot find sufficient room and occupation at home, may fashion out new states and carve their own way to fortune ? And who would dare to try and gauge ,the value to a nation of the love and esteem of children firm in their affection, grateful for past benefits, vigorous in the strength of youth. And utterly impossible is it to weigh the miseries that must be endured by a declin ing power, and that is the question that must be looked fairly, squarely in the face. There is no use in trying to shirk or evade it, Re trenchment on a large scale, a censistent re duction of expenditure, means the gradual abandonment of all that has made England what she is. A ' peace-at-any-price' policy involves national suicide, or at an rate, re trogression from the position of a first- class to that of a fourth-rate power; Already political economists are beginning to discover that India is capable of taking care of her self. Political moralists think that no moral obligation attaches to us, and that if the money-cost is larger than the money-gain we are justified in plunging many millions of human beings into a sea of anarchy. Iu order that tea and sugar may be cheaper at home tho colonies must be cold-shouldered into perfect independence. That the army and navy may be reduced the many settle ments scarcely to be dignified by the name of colonies, dependencies in Africa, in the Straits, in various parts of the globe must be abandoned to their fate. Gibraltar must be given up to Spain. Malta blown up like Corf u. And how about the Channel Islands, and the West India Islands, and that little rabbit warren in the mouth of the Elb, and all the other sentry- boxes and coal-cellars and refreshment stations that England has dotted 'about the globe, and which enable her to carry on the trade by which she lives ? And why stop there ? Why not Ireland for the Irish ? Where Is the dismemberment to cease ? Well, there is one blessing : before that time comes there will be a goneral scramble, and Eogland when moribund may save herself the trouble of making a will. During her period of transition to a lower plane, which, be assured, will not be of long duration, England will have to reduce her population to what may be termed its natural size. ' At present there are contained in one city alone nearly as many people as could decently subsist upon the whole country. England's soil could support — what shall I say ?— perhaps four or five millions ; the remainder, or somewhere about thirty millions, depend upon foreign trade, not only for their employment in life, but for their very existence — upon trade, be it remembered, carried on amid strong com petition. Those thirty millions have got to be disposed of in some way. No sane man can imagine that England can keep Jher trade alive for a moment after she renounces any intention to fight for it.' The channels that she made will be utilised ,by others ; commercial treaties that she would no longer enforce will be taken over by others, and others will occupy the ports she opened for herself. When she ceases. to protect it, her trade will perish. The alternative is disagreeable, but it must be firmly faced. If she desires to retire into comparative obscurity she must lose all commercial prosperity. She must suffer a reduction of five-sixths of her population. Thus the question narrows itself down to a comparison between the consequences of the ordinary amount of warfare which her former expansive policy entailed upon England, and the evils attendant upon the vast decrease in the number of in habitants necessitated by the new policy. It is hard to exaggerate the horrors of war. No man who has not witnessed one can form any conception of the hideous mass of human misery that is caused by a cam paign, arid only to some great, far«visioned eye, piercing from a distant point of view through both mind and matter, can be visible the unrecorded wretchedness that drags slowly in its train. But how insignificantly light in the balance are the human sufferings, the filth and wretchedness, the short agonies, the lingering deaths, the blighted lives, the physical torture and mental pain consequent upon a war ! How inappreciable the tears of widows, the wrecked' lives of children, the broken hearts and shattered hopes, the poverty and all the evil crew that poverty brings with it into the unaccustomed homes of those who never thought to feel its sting ! How small is the sum of all this . compared to the.immeasurable anguish in volved in the idea of a great reduction in population 1 A mass of misery indescriba ble, unutterable, inconceivable to the mind of man, must be the portion of any nation situated as England is during its fall until equilibrium be restored between the measure of its inhabitants and the altered condition of things. . ? ?' ? .. If nature worked by convulsions and cataclysms, the consequences would not be so terrible. If our extra thirty-millions or so could be expended. rapidly by plague, pestit lenoo, or famine, or still better, by sudden, death ; if the country then could have n clearance sale of its effects and stock-in-trade, and could persuade the other European . powers that Eng land was conveniently ' placed as a port of call arid a great banking centre, and should bo maintained and guaranted as such, why the position of those Englishmen left would undoubtedly; be very pleasant and the balance of benefit might perhaps be in favor of the change. But nature does not work in a spas modic manner. Her ways are gradual and; slow, and this disintegration and destruction of population must bo accomplished through a merciless grinding down and rending asun der of the human strata for generation after generation by tho intense pressure o£ abject poverty, by the slow-moving glacier masses of ice-cold, evil fortune. The country must then advance whatever bo the cost. Even if it can bo demonstrated that it suffers a positive pecuniary loss through its many possessions, that is nothing ; that affords no argument in favor oE national abdication, for the amount is inconceivably small in comparison with the value of her trade. If the protec tion of her interests, if tho mainte nance and expansion of her commerce demand defensive or even aggressive war fare, it must bo undertaken. It may be demonstrated that war is horrible and most costly. That is nothing; that shows no good reason for national abdication, since the miseries of war cannot be compared for a moment with the consequences of national degradation. If it be pleaded how expensive, and at first sight how unprofitable a thing it is to hold a foremost place among the nations,, that is nothing.and no good cause can thereby be shown for national abdication, for' with that abdication would come loss o£ dignity and self-respect, loss of consideration among, one's neighbors and loss of authority in the world, the constant necessity for self-defence against frequent attack and increasing in ability to render that defence effective. Fortunately there is not much danger of tho country deliberately adopting ajpolicy that must infallibly lead to ruin, however ably and eloquently it may be advocated. Its personality is too vigorous, ,it is too instinct with individual national life, too- keenly cognisant of the duty of self-preservation, too sensitive to the requirements of its peculiar being to adhere to any such ' peace-at-any-price' doctrine when it realises the full scope and meaning of the term. But it is to be apprehended that England may suffer much in the future from allow ing herself now to be soothed by soft phrases into an erroneous belief that she can stand still and rest, that she can afford to slack up a little in the struggle, and may sit down quietly for a time and enjoy the fruits of past exertion. And the reaction is to be dreaded also. There will be a terrible awakening if the pleasant dream is indulged in too long. ' A little more folding of the bands to sleep' will be dearly paid for when the nation starts in affright from its unnatural slumber, and wildly looks for its defences and vainly clamors for its trade. The old war instinct of the people will be roused to an intensity hard to moderate and impossible to quell. The. spirit that has carried England's flag to the remotest corners of the earth, burstingat last its artificial bounds, will prove selfdes tructive by reason o£ the too great energy of its accumulated force. For the good of the community it matters little of whom this new cultus, this 'peace- at-any-price' religion be preached and by whom refuted. By what strange perversion of ideas, by what extraordinary contortion of tradition, it has come to be recognised as an article in the Liberal creed, I am at loss to understand. Emphatically I deny that it is consistent with true Liberal principles ; on the contrary, it contains a direct abnegation of those principles. True liberalism means progress, expansion, growth, the spread of freedem, the advancement of commerce, the right to trade and the power and the will to protect that right, a free vent for the energies of the people and the desire and the strength to guard them in the exercise of those energies. To this end the empire must be maintained in its integrity. British possessions shall not be diminished, but if necessary fresh fields for . adventure and traffic shall be opened up. As long as the sap of life mounts through the vigorous trunk and limbs of the British Empire it must have room to spread abroad its branches and freely breathe, and true liberalism says, ' You shall not be crowded out.' True liberalism i9 not unmindful of the national honor ; it recog nises the advantage of speaking with an authoritative voice ; it will not discount the future at a ruinous rate for the benefit of the present ; it deserves the respect of its neighbors — if necessary it will compel it. To look down upon the ground, to cast envious glances at the past, to act in the present and dread the future, is the attitude of conser vatism. Retrogression is the active prin-» ciple of the passive conservative maxim, ' Let well alone.' Decadence is the essence of conservatism combined with its own con sequences. Already this protended Liberal tree is showing signs of bearing Conservative fruit, and it has been said, ' By their fruit3 ye shall know them.' A waning trade produces combinations having for their object the ex clusion of persons who are not members of certain associations, a denial, in fact, of the principles of free trade. With a still greater depression will arise a cry for protection, and trie strange spectacle will be seen of a so- called Liberal party applying obsolete Conservative nostrums to counteract the results of their own treatment. Still more strange is it to contemplate the attitude of Liberals towards Russia in the present crisis. Contrast the utterances of the leaders of both great . parties before the ' outbreak of the Crimean war with the senti ments that the present' conflict' has evoked. Why, the parties have completely changed sides. Now Russia is looked upon by tho late leader of the Liberals as the sweet apostle of civilisation, the unselfish vindica tor of the poor and the oppressed, the rispn 'Sun of Righteousness with healing on its wings !' ' Then, when the same nation with similar motives started on the ^course which she has on this occasion pursued unchecked, the leader of the Tory party expressed his ab horrence of war against Russia by stigmatis ing it as almost fratricidal strife — ' like a war,' he said, ' between England and Scot land 1' 'That; this change o£ front is unnatural I am persuaded. That this ' peace-at-any-price' changeling which has been fathered upon, the Liberal party will be cast aside I feel very certain. I£ not, then there will surely be a large defection among tbe rank and file of the Liberal ranks. Many will come' out, still calling themselves Liberals and vindicating their right to that honorable title by walking in the footsteps of Lord Palmerston rathor than in those of Lord Aberdeen. Among them will certainly be your very obedient servant, . : DnNEAVEN, ~ 