HAMLET. If any proof were wanting that the Sandhurst amateurs had hit the public taste by their re markably effective performance of Shakespere's great tragedy "Hamlet," it was furnished last evening. The sight of a house crowded ia every part must have proved highly flattering to and inspired confidence in those ladies and gentle men who have volunteered their services iu the sacred cause of chariy. It was undoubtedly a bold resolve for our amateurs to undertake the performance of a work the complete conception of which has baffled and overthrown many experienced and intelligent exponents of the dramatic art. To have acquired the pitch of perfection obseivabla in their performances, they must have devoted themselves unremit tingly to the studies of these parts. Let their efforts be viewed in whatever light they may be presented, they certainly deserved success, and the satisfactory ultimatum is that they have commanded it. Before the rise oi the curtain last evening, Miss O'Sullivan came forward and recited the following prologue, written by Mr. W. A. Daly:— Once more, kind friends, in generous rivalry, We meet in cause of noblest chivalry ! The fair Maid Charity, in sore distress, Invites assistance and demands redress; In answer to her summons we appear— She's doubly answered by your presence here !—^ To-night no foreign talent seeks to prove," Th' imported article ranks far above Our " Native product," so that actors please Only when taught to play beyond the seas J But we are ot yourselves, I e'en may boast A Sandhurst spirit animates our Ghost 1 Our Hamlet, good at every point of view— A " View Point" Hamlet—known to all of you ! , j Our King-, tho' wearing distaut Denmark's crowa.. First ope'd his royal eyes within our town ! . Horatio, with Marcellus for his pal, Sees Ghosts of buried scrip frequent our Mall! :■ And e'en Ophelia, truly, I declare, Knows less of lilsinore than Golden-square ! Thus we claim kindred, and we hope to find ' " A little more than kin, not less than kind.'* We're " racy of your soil," intent to show There's metal still in dear old Bendigo 1 Let managers import at vast expense,— . , Sandhurst supplied—actors and audience .' When late we played you met uur rnda essays With warm encouragement, tmd generous praise; And I confess, if pride iuay be allowed Of your approval, we feel justly proud ! We'll do our best t^ gain two noble ends— To aid our churitits—and phase ou^ friends J .As lar as tlie aiu.'.t. ..o v.^re cou.f ieJ, there was no change in the ca.it. The on ly alteration ; wii the substitutkm of Miss Florence Neville.. for Mrs. Woo'dridge, in the part of the Queen. Mi33 Neville recently arrives in the colony under engagement to tlw management of the Theatre Hoyal, Melbourne. She has a very fine stage appearance, but it certainly cannot be said that she looked "every inch a Queen." Tiiero was a lack of matronly etfectiuhermake-np which tended to mar the force of her utterance. No one could be led CY&a; to imagine that she was the mother of l"(:'.uilet, indeed the natural impres sion froui her appearance would be that she was his junior in years. Notwithstanding this defect, however, she acquitted herself to the satisfaction of the audience. A lady with a tolerably fair share of nature's gifts in looks, who possesses a pleasant voice, seldom fails to become a -favorite with au i audience. There can be no doubt that such qualities create a strong feeling in favor of the possessor. This sympathetic influence was ' extended by the audience to Miss Neville, and she lias every reason to be pleased witli her re ception on the occasion oi her dibut beforu a. Sandhurst audience. Mr. Dillon's Hamkt needs no cosumeut. It has been pronounced by one and all to be a masterly effort, one of which any man might worthily feel proud. Mr. Dillon was very powerful in effect throughout the whole performance, and he was rapturously applauded on several ooeasions. We have s> recently mentioned the respective merits of the performers, Viiai. it is not necessary for us to go through the whole cast again; but this notice would not be perfect were we to neglect to again compliment Miss O'sullivan on the great success she has achieved in tiie part of Ophelia. All the rest of the performers were perfect ia their parts. Great credit is due to Mr. Welier, the stage manager, for the maimer in which ho has conducted the three performances given by Mr. Dillon and his company. Last evening's performance was for the benefit of the Hospital and Asylum, and the funds of-both institutions will doubtless be considerably augmented. Typhus lever is reported to bo very prevalent iu many purls of Russia. Toimse fob Visitors to. the Levee.—TKc Ministry (according to the Daily Telttji a}>h) is certainly doing ita best to repay the Governor fur all the kindness lie has shown to them dur ing the last tew mouths. His Excellency's weakness fur the exhibition iu any yublic form of popular approval is \yell4;uo\vn, and Mini sters are doius: tlieir utmost to gratify it in conucction with the levic, which is to be held to-day. Not only have they condescended to ' the ilruikeyism of sending'free railway tickets 1 up-country to mayors and shire presidents, iu the hope of inducing them to come to Mel bourne (which many of them will do), and go to the ItvtK lwhich many of them won't do), but they are endeavoring to coerce the Civil ser vants—not direct honest coercion, which a man might have to yield to without losing much of his selt-resppct; but mean coercion, by which a superior insinuates to a subordinate r. command which he has the will "but not the courage te enforce. To the heads of branches in several departments, if not in all, a circular, in nearly the following words, has been" sent during the last few days by the respective} Ministers Sir,—Will vou be good enough to inform the Minister how many of your oilicera intend availing themselves of the holiday of tho "24th inst. to attend the Itcee of his Excellency the Governor ?" Every man not of the Liberal", party ought on reading this to be devoutly thankful that he lias to bear no share of the contempt which such proceedings bring on tiie colony. Capture of the Ska Seufext.—The Lnun ceston correspondent of the Hobart 1'oirn Mercury writes as follows, under date of Satur day last :—" Messrs. Maciiamara and Audling arrived by the steamship Devon to-day, bring ing a most remarkable iisii, captured yesterday in a .fish-po«l at Penguin. The 'fish is 14ft. long, loin, deep from the neck to the belly, tapering 2in. to the tail, and Sin. in diameter at the thickest place. Thrre are no scales; but the skin is like polished silver, with eighteen dark line3 and eight rows pu each side. There is a inane on the neck 20iu. long, and continuous from the head to the tail; small head, no taeth;' protrusive mouth, ■ capable of being extended 4in., like a sucker; eyes fiat, about the srze of a half-crown, and like silver, with black pupil*. There are two feelera under the chin, "32in. long". The fish ivas alive when enptured; and is oa . view at the J^echauics' Institute, labcllod ' Sea Serpent.' Numbers of people have inspected it, but none are able to assign the species." Xaekcvv Escafk. —A very narrow escape from a fearful death occurred at the Northcote gravel pits on Thursday afternoon, to a young man named Bradford, employed in the pits. It ap pears that Bradford and another young man named Butler hr.d undermined about o'Oft. of the embankment. Butler then left the pit to assist in loading a cart, leaving Bradford still at work in the pits. After a few minutes the whole of the undermined bauk, which is about 15ft. high, gave in, a portion falling on Bradford and partly burying him. Assistance being at hand, the injured man was soon extricated from beneath the gravel and removed to the Melbourne Hoa pital, when lie was found to'bo suffering from ffacture 01 both arms. During the tiino the mili were extricating Bradford, another large piece of the bank directly over the spot where lie was lying commenced to. give way, and fears were entertained that both the men who were assisting the injured man would also be buried. Fortunately (says the Aryui) no unite of thq bank fell. >■ ■ ■ 1 