PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. Throws open the world as five shillings' worth of literature, " The Australian Ladies' Annual" does not promise to be a very profitable specu- <*> lation. Curiosity to see the result of such an unusual—in fact, in this country, an unprecedented enterprise, and a, liberal patronage by friends of the writers, may enable Mr. F. K. C. Hopkins of Perri coota, Xew South "Wales, to came out of the affair on the tight side of the ledger. Mr.Hopkins, weare told, is a squatter's over seer with literary proclivities, and alternates between the bush—whereherounds up and brands and otherwise superintends the rearing of cattle for the market—and Melbourne, when ha dabbles: in dramatic authorship and literature generally. He is the author of the version of "Xhe Wandering Jew" played here by Mr. fiffroA Datnutet under the title of "AU for Gold," for refusing to admire which we incorred the furious wrath of Mr. Dampier and his agent. It would be carious to know how the idea of starting a Ladies' Annual originated with Mr. Hopkins; by what process of cerebration it occurred to him to open the flowery fields of literature to budding authoresses and aspiring penwomen. The idea is by no means bad, and, properly carried out, the public of these-colonies would be Mr. Hopkiiufa debtor for it. Bat exception may justly be taken to many of the -contiibutions—to some that their literary "merits" do not warrant their publica tion, aad to others that they had better have not been written on the score of morality. Thus "tEaana n —who does not by any means realize the bright promise held oat in her first ad mirable tale in Mr. Garnet Watch's book—says herself of her weird wire-strung; story "The Bubria Ghost," What a shocking moral! Here was a woman who had done worse than many a <sonrtecan of ancient £one —selling nntTw cover of the Ohurcb, instead of fairly and openly—her virgin beaaty for gold. It was a. shameless sale. And wlien she sickened of her bargain she would have made matters worse by flying from one sin to another." The " Kubria Ghost" tells how a girl marries an old squatter for money," sickens of her bargain," is contiuually crying," How long,O, liord! how long ?" (ale) — and after repeatedly meeting a lover, who haunts the station as a ghost, is released by death tram the old man. The conclusion of the tale tells how Emily and the ghost marry, and are now '"in the spring- time of their de light." "Tasma," however, would evolve a moral out of this happy termination to a reiy shady, and, apart from any moral consideration, shamelessly unfair transaction by calling on ifcer readers to join with her in the hope that *,be will beat her." There may be such women as Emily, and doubtless are, but it is surely not f or*n Australian lady in the initial contribution to aa " Australian Ladies' Annual" to introduce them with a flourish of trumpets to Australian ladies, some of whom nay possibly be unac quainted with this type of woman. As a speci men of it'e nonsense which Might fairly have been treated "with the utmost rigor of the waste-paper basket" is "Bird-dour*by " Sylvia," ss the followt-'ig lines will show :— "She shook her head, alas! alas! Affairs hare come te a sad pass, I scarce knov jiow 'twas brought abaut; Though somely ft el the ill result." Mr. Hopkins—doubt* ese with the kind inten tion of allowing the ladies to shine by com parison with tiie only maJe appearing in eon ja«ction with the " Annual 'v—writes decided! theworstof it, t>. the preface. Ha seems hanated by ?n idea that the world will start np and ve hemently deny that the " Annnai "could possibly have been written by ladies, and grandloqueatly exclaims " If any one doubts the authenticity of the 'literary' matter, I can only say that such a person doubts txy leord? Tbe italics are his own. Mr. Hopkins need have no fear of the world refusing to believe in the authenticity of some of tbe contributions unless it decline to believe that women could write anything so bad, and deem such rubbish a libel on the fair sec. He goes on to say he always held that the leading object of writing at all should be to give others pleasure—an idea scarcely applicable to all kinds of writing—criticism of .Ladies' Annual? to wit. There are some thing* iv the book worthy of perusal—notably - The Islander," by a South Australian lady, who will regret to see her unpretending but excellent poem in such company. The binding and general get-up of the work are very creditable to the printers, Messrs. McOarron, Bird, & Co., Melbourne. The oorvy we have received was sent by Messrs. £.S."Wig£&Son.; The author, Mr. Albert Richardson, of Mel bourne, who is a well-known and talented musician, has sent us a treatise on ** The Art of Singing." Sir. jticbarilson, white recoguisiug the number of works which have appeared from time to time upon this subject, contends that his manual supplies a want because it contains a quantity of valuable information of a prac tical character that must be of great service to the student, aud we uuhesitatingly endorse this statement. His aim has been to describe the different processes which are employed in the formation, development, and cultivation of tbe voice, and to indicate in what consists the art of singing. Regarding the old Italian school as tlie fountain-head of all vocal art, he has availed himself of all the information that the most distinguished masters nave left behind them—such as Porpora, Bomaui, Tosi, Andrea Costa, Crivelli.Pauseron,Basse, Bassini,Garcia, Ferrari. Nava, &c.; He has also relied upon information personally acquired during a lengthened period of study under two of die most celebrated European masters. In Porpora's day the philosophy of the voice always formed an integral part of a singer's education, hence vocalists of that period inva riably retained their powers with itudiminished brilliancy throughout a long career, and con stant practice and ripened experience enable! them to reach a higher pitch of perfection than vocalists of the present day, whose powers are early impaired through want of care and a proper knowledge of tbe structure of the vocal organs. Mr. Richardson contends that tbe main objects of study should embrace a knowfodge of the structure and capabilities of the voice, the formation and development of tone, preservation of the voice, and the art of singing. In his work there are chapters on the apparatus of the voice;classification of voices; on styles; quali fications necessary for successful singing; on tone ; power; control of the breath; on compass or formation of registers; on timbres; equalis ing the vocal scale; on expression, musical and facial; on gesture and articulation; on ornamentation and changes; on diet, exercise, and other matters of importance to those who would excel in the art of singing. The anthor has also collated and classified very interesting particulars as to the range, power, and quality of the voices of tbe most celebrated siegers from the earliest period to the piesent day. On the whole tbe work will recommend ifoelf to the class for which it is written, and should be read by all who are concerned iv tbe formation, develop ment, and cultivation of the voice. The book lias been well printed by Mr. Geo. Robertson, the publisher. We have received through Mr. J. E. Brown, Conservator of Forests, a letter addresied by Mr. W. Brown, of the Ontario School of Agri culture, to tlie Hon. S. C. Wood. Commissioner of Agriculture for Ontario, on "Canadian Beef for Britain." The writer discusses with ability the question of supplying beef to the United Kingdom from Canada, and gives many excel lent hints as to the best means of raising fat cattle. Canada enjoys at present a great ad-' vantage over us in Laving but a comparatively short distance to cover in exporting ber surplus meat to England, but it is not improbable that before very long some process may be invented of keeping beef in good order for • long time, go as to enable the producers of Australia to compete with America. An " Official KeconV giving full aud inte resting particulars of that ambitious but suc cessful project, the Australian Juvenile Indus trial Exhibition at Ballarat, has been published by authority of the Executive Committee. The originator of this novelty in industrial exposi tions, Mr. X- D-Bannister, must be congratulated on the satisfactory issue to which he succeeded in bringing his project. There can be little doubt as to the benefits which must accrue from giving a stimnlos to juvenile industry and in genuity by meani of competitive exhibitions, and it is to be hoped that the example Bet at Ballarat will not be lost sight of. The official record of the exposition held in that tawn is well worth perusal Mr. George Eoberteon has sent us ? useful little work entitled v Tbe Analysis of Sentences, for the use of schools and students,*' by Thomas JCoye, master of the public school at WiUunga. The writer, who dedicates bis book to Mr. l>. G. MadJey, Principal of the Training School, as a mark of esteem, does not claim originality for tbe work, but states that bis object has been to produce " a work on analysis in such a form as to enable every child to procure it." He has also " endeavored to lay down correct principles and details sufficiently elaborate to enable tbc Etudent to qualify himself for the most strin gent examination in analysis." The book is clearly and intelligently written, and will no doubt prove of considerable use. The examples of analysis are well chosen, and the method <?f explanation appears to lie excellent. A sermon on " The Witch of EndoraudtloJeru Spiritualism" preached by tbe Be\\. William I. Fearce, SI-A^ in St. Paul's, Bfelboame, has been published at the request of "an influential member" of the congregation of Christchurch, South Yarra, before whom it was originally de livered, although not exactly in tbe present form. The rev. gentleman dials with the Witch of -Elinor story as related in tbe first book of Samuel, and the claims of modern spiritualists to the power under certain con <litions of evoking "spirits from tlie va-,ty deep." The leaders of the new ;v<w-rvligio!i4 movement do not pretead that this p<? irer is by any meaiis of recent origin. J)^t rely on tbe records of spiritual phenomena in every :ige as proofs of the powribility of intercourse between the inhabitants of this world and disembodied spirits. The Witch of Kudor they state was simply a "meiliuin." Mr. Pearce argues from the Biblical record that there U nothing to show that Samuel ever appeared at all, and adopting Dr. Carpenter's theory of " dominant iJtas,'' be views it as not improbable that tbe terrible prophecy of approaching doini to tlie King of Israel and hih bouse may have been merely a curious i^yolialogica) impression iv Saul's mind —a case, in short, of a coming event catting its ?haoW before. The rer. geu t:eman sees nothing in the story to lend any countenance to tlie theories of Spiritualism, and lie denounces the attempt to penetrate tbe un known future as impious and unprofitable. There is not much in the sermon that is con clusive for or against tbe uew movement. 