-FOR iERCIYAL." CHAPTE R v III.- Continued. "PERHAPS 1*M 1-rUL'lNG SECRETS OUT." Meanwhile the jou-ig Thornes had arrived, $nd came strolling nwad the fields a noticeable pair enough, tall, U wdsouie, and well dressed* walking side by si . in all faith audfriendli-r ness, as they m e not often to walk again. When people talked ot them afterwards, a good many remembered ho they looked on that day; Apparently, Horace had ; resolved to throw off liis trouble ot the uight before,, and • had succeeded. There was something almost defiant in the very brightness of Iris , aspect, aild the heat had flushed him a little; so that no one would have echoed Sissy's exclamation of " You don't look well." On the contrary, he was congratulated on his. looks by many, of his old friends, and. seemed full of life and energy. : - . Turning, the coruer ot' one of the tents they came ,suddenly on the Blakee. ; There was not one of the.four who was utterly unconcerned at that meeting, though the intercuts and motives which produced the little thrill «f excitement were curiously mingled and .^opposed. Two: pairs, of eyes flashed bright signals of mutual understanding, the others made. no sign-of what might be hidden in , their depths. Delicatelygloved hands were held out, Mm. Blake came forward fluent and friendly, -and thB two groups iuelted into one. • - Horace and Addie led the way round the tent. Fercival followed with Lottie audher mother, feeling that he had never rightly eppreciatedthe latter's conversational powers before. 1 When they, emerged - into j the - snnlight. again they encountered Mrs. Pickering anjd 'her .girls; and ip the talk which ensued; pi^p hero found hirnsetrhjmself standing by Addie. ' j*. I !.-:..*• r "Percival," she said in a low. ^uick voice' ""don't be surprised. . I want jto say a-word to' you." Look as if it Were nothing." Ihoi^li he was startled, he contrived not to betray it. After the^rst moment $here is:small • danger of faili^ to r appear indHferentr—very - g'reat.idanger of seeming preternaturally indifferent. Percival had tact enough to-.av$id-this.i! He listened, and replied with the polite attention which was -natural to him, but his jnanner was . longed—any. >worJs I. can find seem too coarseto.describeit—with-jii^t the faintest- shade of. languor,, just;.the slightest.fcoasjljlefchow »f scorn and weariness of the great Agricultural Show, itself. i .It was 1 sot 1 enough /to &ttcact; nQtace, iti was quite. epough. to;>-,preclude any icleapf excited interest., . «;rata in a littl^iffieulty, 1 ? said Addie. " Ton 7 could help: me if yon would." '' . . - .o : You may command me." • *<Y6u wUl not n^ind a little trouble? - And you would keep my'secret ?- I have no right to ask, but there is no: ope—-I think'you are my friend." _ .. i.; • • i • > : . :-: : : • "Suppose me a brother for -this oscision, Addjei. Waste no-moretime hrapologtesi? brother—be it «>>. : Then,. . my brother, I have to. go through Langley Wood to-morrow evening, and I am afraid to go alone." - „'. • " I will gladly be your escort. Where shall I meet.you?" . - - _ t : . ' • • u There is a milestone about a quarter of a mile on Ahp road, .to oar honse^ after you have passed the gate into the wood. Don't come any further. Somewhere between the gate and that." " I know it. At what time ?". "Half-past eight,---orxa few-minutes earlier. Will that suit you "Perfectly. , I wilL.be there.'' . - "If you don't eee me before -nine d.on 1 t wait for me. I shall have failed somehow." understand," said Percival. , "I will explain to-morrow. -You must trust me till then." • • • ~'. ' • " You shall do as you please: I don't ask for any explanations, remember. Have you been having much croquet lately ?" ". Oh, much as usual. Lottie has been beating me, also, as usual. ' We have joined the Fordborough Croquet Club.". Then I suspect the former' members feel small."; ".One or two of thebest players feel ill-tempered, I think,' unless they make-believe very much. L°ttie means to win. the ivory mallet, shesays, and I think-she will. Mrs. Kawlinson's sister- ajway considered herself the champion, and I api sure Lottie," &c.; In short, by the time it occurred to anybody that Percival and Addie were talking together, their conversation, carried smoothly on, was precisely what anybody might hear. The Pickerings went off in one direction, the Blakes in another, and the young men resume! their walk. " That over and the governor not by," said Horace. "Don't be too secure," wasPercival's reply. "Everybody talks about everybody else at Fordborough." "Well," said Horace, who apparently would not be discouraged, u It's something not to have been standing between the old gentleman and Aunt Middleton, and then to have seen Mrs. Blake sailing straight at one, her face illuminated with a smile visible to the naked eye a quarter of a mile off—eh Percy ?" "You are a lucky fellow, no doubt," said Percival. "And, after all, it ia-qoite-possible — " That you may be aveiy lucky fellow indeed ? Yes, it is quite possible. But I. don't quite see what you jane after, Horace." . \ ("Nor.I," thought Horaoe to himself, "and the Surely charm of it it, isn't somehow.") "worth wiiile getting into trouble with my grandfather for a mere flirtation." .--.'".•' " If you always stop to think whether a thing is worth while or not, Percy, I wouldn't be you for all (lie money that ever was coined." "And if it is more," said the other, not heeding the remark, "I like fair play, but. if it is more——" " What then ?" For Percival hesitated. "Well talk of that another time," said the latter. " Not now. Only don't lie rash. Look, there's Sissy." " How pretty she is," thought Percival, as they went towards her. " What can Horace see in Addie Blake, that he should prefer her? She is a finegirl, handsome—magnificent, if you like —but Sissy isJike a beautiful old picture, sweet and delicate and innocent.. I can't fancy her with secrets like Addie with the. Langley Woods mystery of hers. If it had not been for that ideal of mine " Tbey had reached the two ladies. Meanwhile,Mr. .Thome had listened to more odds and ends of gossip, and had gone on his way, warily .searohing among the shifting, manycoloured groups.' He was'curious, and indue time his cunositywasgratified. The BUke girls passed, him so closely thathe could have touched them. They knew perfectly well who be was,' and Lottie looked at .'him, but Addie passed on. in her queenly fashion, with her head, faith apparently not aware of his existence. . • ro, • said the old gentleman to • himself, " that is .Horace's taste. Well, she is very superb and disdainful, and I should think that Patent Com-_Flour paid pretty well, She might have bestowed, a glance; on me, as I suppose she destines me -the honour of being her grandpapain-law. but no doubt she knows what she is about, and it may be wiser to seem utterly unconscious, as Horace has not introduced us yet. Perhaps lie will defer that ceremony a little while lorfger still." ; " As for the other, she looked me straight in the face, as if she didn't care a rap for any man living. I shouldn't think that girl was afraid of anything on earth—or under it—or aboveit,'foithat jpatter. A temper of her own, plainly enough.Hie beautiful Miss Blake is Horace's taafce, of course, (I could have sworn to that withoutfrwoid from him), and ninety-nine out of a hundred would agree with him. But if I were ftrw-and-'twenty, and lisd to choose between them, TdJt&ke; that-fietce.eyedgirl<-and tame her!" • Of . that it woul hatred^®. neithefetofetf' «»ing potatoes were, perceived Mrs Bawlrnson, and endeavoured to elude her. He loathed the woman, as he candidly owned to himself, because be had once very nearly approached the other extreme. It was ;i hon-ibli' thought. What had come over him and her ? Kither sue was strangely and hideously transformed—and how cculii be tell that as fearful a change. might not have come to him—or else his >oath was a time of illusion and bad taste. . That perfect time, that golden dawn of manhood, when the world lay before him steeped in rosy light, when every.pleasure had its bloom upou it, and every day was crowned with joy—Good heavens! was it then that he cared to dance the polka in Fordtiorough drawing-rooms with Mrs. Rawlinson-^LydiarLloyd she was of old ?" Little did' that fascinating lady think what disgust at the remembrance of his incredible folly was in his s(raTpk be met he?. . ... ; For!she caught him, and shook hands with him, and would not let him go till sh'e had reminded him of eld "times as ".if fhey might' hfeve 'been 1 yesterday, arid might be' again tomorrow. He smileft, and blandly made.a^iswer as if they, two were a pair of antediluvian polkadancers left in a ' waltzing age to see another generation spinning gaily round. (He could dance quite as well as Horace when ne chose.) Mrs. Rawlinson did not like his style of conversation, and said abruptly,:— " I had a talk with Mr.^ Thome about half-anhour ago. I was surprised! Mr. Horace Thorne seems to keep the old man tjuite in the dark." " Mr. Horace Thorne is a cle'ver fellow, then,"- 8aid"Hsmiriond drily, " " Oh.' you know all about it, I dare say. • But re»lly I did. think it was .too bad! He didn't seem ever to have, heard Miss Blake's name. He certaiuly didn't know her when he saw her." " Unfortunate man! For.Miss Blake so decidedly cclipaes the Fordborough young ladies, that : stich, ignprappe is deplorable. • No 'doubt yaa did what yjju could toremovejt ?" .. "Well!"—Mrs. Rawlioson tpssed. her, blue bonnet—" I really thought I ought to give, him a bint—it seemed to me that it was quite a charity." " A charity—ahyes ! of course. Charity never failetb, does it?" And Hammond raised his hat, and bowed himself, off. CHAPTER IX. SISST LOOKS INTO. THE lURBOB. . A lady's hero generally has ample leisure.? He may write novels, or poems, or paint the picture or carve the statue of the seaBon, or »h'e is a statesman and rtiles the deBtinies of "nations, or :he makes jnoney 'i^steri6usly^ in the 'eity, OT even," it may "be, x not less; n^ysteriously, on the turf ;-but he does it-m -faia odd miuutes. That is his- characteristic.- - Perh&ps; he- spends, his morning in stupendous efforts to gratify, a'wish expressed in smiling hopelessness by -the heroine; later; he calls on her, or he tides- with her; evening routes—he dancies with", her till the first grey. streak of dawn has: touched thfe«astern ' slfy. He goes home. His'pen flies along the paper—he- is knee- deep in manuscript;" he is pqsse8s^i:with burning enthusiasm and energy; her features grow in idealised loveliness beneath his- chisel,, or the sunnytide of daylight pours in, to irradiate the finished picture, as well as the exhausted artist, with a golden glory. He has a talent for sitting up. <He gets up very early indeed if he is -iil the country, but he never goes . to bed early,; -or when iwculd he Achieve his triumphs? • Some things, it. is' true, must be done by day,- but half -an ho^ir' will work wonders. . !rhe gigantic intellect is. brought to bear on' tbe confidential. clerk; the latter is, as it were, wound up, and the great machine goes on. Or a. hasty telegram arrirjes as the guests file into dinner. "Pardot)' nte one moment," and instantly something iff' sent off in cypher which shall change the face of Europe. Unmoved. the hero returns to the love- making which is the true business of life. There is poetry and romance enough in many an outwardly prosaic life. How often have we been told this? Nay, we have read stories in which the hero possesses a season ticket, and starts from his trim suburban home after an early breakfast to' return in due time to dine, perhaps to talk a little, "shop" over the meal, and, it may be, even to feel somewhat sleepy in the evening. But as far as my experience goes, the day on which the story opens is the last on which he does all this. That merning he meets the woman with the haunting eyes, or the old friend who died long ago—did not the papers say so ?—and whose resurrection includes a secret or two. Or he is sent for to some out-of-the-way spot in the country, where there is a mysterious business of some kind to be unravelled. At any rate, he needs his season ticket pever again, but changes more or less into the hero we all know. It is hard work for these unresting men, no doubt, yet what is to be done? Unless the double-shift -system can in' any way be applied for* their , relief, I fear they must continue to toil by night that they may appear to be idle men. And after all, were the hero not altogether heroic, one is tempted to doubt if this abundant leisure is quite a gain. Addie Blake, planning some bright little scheme which needed a whole day and an unoccupied squire, said once to Godfrey Hammond," You can't think what a comfort it is to get some one who hasn't to go to business every day. I hate the very name of business. Now you are, always at hand wh&n; you are wanted." " Yes," he said, " we idle men have a great advantage over the busy ones, no doubt; but I think it-^alinost more • than counterbalanced by cur teiriblp d isad vantage." "Wbat is that?" J . , . . " "We are at*hand when we are not wanted," said Godfrey seriously. ' And I think he was right. One. may have a great liking—nay, something warmer thw liking. —for one'fS companions in endless idle tete-atetes, but they are perilous nevertheless.. Some day the pale ghost—weariness, -ennui, dearth of ideas. I hardly, know what its true name is— comes-into the room to see" if the atmosphere wiU/suit.it, and sits down between you. You cannpt see - the -colourless spectre,. but are conscious of a slight exhaustion in the air. Everything requires a littie effor.t-7-to breathe, to question^ to. answer, to look up, to appear interested. You feel that it is youi; own fault, perhaps; you would gladly take all the blame if you could only- take all the burden. Perhaps the failiag is yours, but ic is your fault only as it is the fault of an electric eel—that after many shocks his power is weakened, and he wants to be left alone to recover it. Still,- though there "may be -no fault, it is a terrible thing to fed one's heart sink suddenly when one's friend pauses for a moment in the doorway as if about to return. One thinks, if weariness cannot be kept at bay in the society pf those we love, where' can we' be safe from the cold and subtle blight? As soon as we are .conscious of it, it seems- to become pait of ua, and we shrink from the popular idea -of the hereafter, assured of finding our spectre even in the courts'of heaven. Godfrey Hammond expressed the fear of too much companionship in speech, Percival Thorne in action. He was given to lonely walks if the weather were fine, to shutting himself in his own room, with a book , if it were wet. He would dream for hours, for I will frankly confess that when he was shut up with' , a book, his book, as often as not, was in that condition too..; . His grandfather had complained piore than once, "You don't often come. to Brackenhill, Percival, except to solve the problem of how little.you can see of us in a given , time." :Hja did not transect it, but much of strong attraction whicli" drew him to his grandson lay in that veiy-faGt. The latter confronted him in grave independence, just touphed; with the. courteous (Reference due from youth tQ:age,~bBt nothing more. Mp. Thorne wouldliffve, thanked heaven bad the, boy beep a bit of a spendthrift, but Percival -was too wary for that. He/did not refuse his graajLfatiier'a gifts, but he never: — L ~' in want of them. They might jielp him L-wry , a^f fpombought—tbe .. q£ his life, secured . You .cannot earn a man's _:elping hka «n*»rd' in Jus course 4ien ft drifting contentedly ; round and ' rou^cL,-jHje is not to be bniliqd, being oonsciom, bis lmpc^pi^ :po*ition. Jtfe wa* not to&e; Ottered in any ordinary way. It was so evident to him that the life he had. chosen must appear an unwise choke to the majority of his fellow-men that he accepted any assurance to the contrary as the verdict of a small miuority. Nor was . he. conscious of auy special power or originality,,!*) that hf could be pleased by bein.^ told that, he bad broken conventional trammels, and was a great koiiI. Mr. Thorne did not know how to conquer him, and could not have enough of liipj. It is needful to note how the day after the Agricultural Show was spent at Brackenhill. Godfrey Hammond Jeft by an early train. Mrs. Middleton came down to see about his breakfast with a splitting headache. The poor old lady's suffering was evident, and. Sissy's suggestion that it. was due to their having walked about su much in the broiling sun the day before was unanimously accepted. Mrs. Middleton countenanced the theory, though she privately attributed it to a sleepless night whibh had followed a conversation with Hammond aJjout Horace. • .- • - Percival vanished immediately after breakfast. As soon as he had ascertained that there were no especial plans for the day, he slipped quietly away with his hands in bis pockets, strolled through the park whistling dreamily as he went, and passing, out into the road, crossed it, and made straight for the river. He lay on the grass for half-an hour or so studying the growth of willows and the habits of dragon-dies, and tLen sauntered along the bank. Had he gone to the left it would have led him.past-Langley Wood to Fordborough.. He went to the right. It was'a gentle little river, which had plenty, of time to spare; and amused itself with'wandeiv ' ing- here' and there, tracing a bright maze of .curves and unexpected turns. At times it would linger' in shady pools, where, .half asleep, it seemed to hesitate whether it cared to go on to the country town at all that. day. (But Percival defied it to haye more leisure than he had, .and followed.the silvery clue till all at once he .found himself face to face with an artist who sat by the riverside sketching. The young man looked np with a half-smile ias Percival came suddenly upon him from ^behind a clump of alders. A - remark' of some kind, were it but-concerning .the.' wekther, was inevitable. It was made, and Was followed by ethers. Young Thorne looked,, admired, and questioned, and they> drifted into an aimless rtalk about the art which the painter loved. iEven to,an outsider, such as Per6ival, it was full of colour and grace, and a charm half understood,. vaguely suggestive of a world of -beauty —hot far off and inaccessible, but underlying the common everyday world, of which ^we 'ere ! at times a little weaiy. It was 'as if ine should tell us of virtue new .and sbaiige in the - oftenturnfed 'earth of pur garden-plot, r ^Percival Was rather apt to analyze his pains and pleasures, but his' ideal was enjoyment which-should'.defy analysis,. and he found something of .it that morning in the summer weather and in his-new friend's talk. It was past.noon. The young artist looked at hi8watoh,«nd ascertained the fact. "Doyou live near here ?" he asked. . Percival shook his *hea<£ ' 'l "live anywhere. I am a wanderer on the face of the earth. But my grandfather lives in thai; grey house bver yonder, and I am- free 'to come and go as I choose. I am staying-there now." •"Brackenhill,-do you mean?- That finteold house on the side of the hill ? I am lodging at the farm down -there, and the farmer " .^JohnCollins,"^aid Percival. " Entertains me every night with stories of its magnificence." Since we have smoked^ our pipes together I have learnt that Brackenhill is the eighth wonder of the world." " Not quite," said Thorne."- " But it is a good old manor-house, and, thank heaven, my ancestors for a good many generations wasted their money and had none to spare for restoring and beautifying it. I don't mean my grandfather— he. wouldn't hurt it. Ifs a quaint old place. Come some afternoon and look at it. He shall show you his pictures." "Thanks," the other said, but be hesitated ard looked at his unfinished work. I should like, but I don't quite know. The fact is, when I have done for to-day I'm to have old Collins's gig and drive into Fordborough to see if there are any letters for me. I am not sure I shall not have to leave the first thing to-morrow." " And I have made yeu waste your time this morning." "Don't mention it," said the young artist, with the brightest smile. " I'm not mueh given to bemoaning past troubles, and I shall be in'a very bad way indeed before I begin to find fault with past pleasures. I may not find my letter after all, and in that case I should like very much to.look you up. To- morrow?" " Pray do." The tone was unmistakably cordial. " Your grandfather's name is Thorne, isn't it? Shall I ask for young Mr. Thorne ?" " Percival Thorne," was the quick correction. " I have a cousin." They shook hands, but as Thorne turned away' the other called after him. "I say, is there any name to that little wood out there, looking like a dark cloud on the green ?" " Yes—Langley Wood." Percival nodded a second farewell, and went, on his way pondering. And this was the subject, of.his thoughts. "Then, my brother,. I have to go through Langley. Wood to-morrow evening, and I am afraid to go alone." Of course he had not forgotten his promise to Addie, but .having made bis arrangements and woiked it all out in his own mind he had dismissed it from his thoughts. Now t however, ic rose up before him as a slightly disagreeable puzzle. What on earth did Addie .want towards nine at night in .Langley Wood ? The day before, in haste toi answer her request, :ana anxiety hot, to 'betray her, he had: .not .considered whether the service, he had promised to render were pleasant to him or not. In very truth he wds willing to serve Addie, and lie had professed his willingness the more eagerly that he had- expected a harder 'task.. :She asked so slight a thing that only, eager readiness could give the service .any. grace at all. But when! he came - to .consider it he half wisbed thatiis task had been harder if it might have been different. He liked Addie, he was ready to serve her,, bnt he foresaw possible annoyances. to them both from her hasty request. . He . had 110 confidence in her prudence. • .- \ . " Some silly freak of hers," he thought while he walked along, catching at the top3 of the tall flowering' weeds as he went. "Some silly girlish freak. Why didn't she ask Horace ? Wouldn't run any risk -of getting him into trouble, I suppose." '. Did Horace know ? he wondered. " Fm not going to be made use of by him and her, they needn't think it!" vowed Percival in sudden anger. But next moment ire smiled at his'own folly. " When I have givien my word, and must • go if fifty. -Horaces had planned it! -I had better save rey resolutions for next lime.'': - He did not think, however, that. Horace did know. " Which makes, it all the worse," he- reflected. "A charming complication-it will be if l'get into trouble with him about' Addie. Suppose some one.sees us! Suppose Mrs'. Blake is down upon me questioning, and I, pledged to secrecy, haven't a Word to say for myself! Suppose Lottie. . . . Oh, I isay, a delightful arrange' ment, this is and 110 mistake1" He could -only hope [that no one would see them, and;that Addie!s mystery Would prove a harmless one. . i He got in jnst as they were sitting down to luncheon. Horace and Sissy had spent the morning in archery and idleness, Mrs. Middleton. in nursing her headache. Mir. -Thorne was not ..there.' . '.'. .-'-''..•: . . ' • ' • 1"Been, enjoying.a little solitude??' Horace enquired.;;,,.-. 1 i-i •'.••!.. fNot much of that* 'wa» the answer. " A good deal of talk instead." : "What, did you Jind a Jriehd out' id- the fields?" I - t .1 .- •-. "U .! " . "Yea," *md Percival,,^young «rt5»fc/' Aa lie spoke he remembered that he wafeignorant all his n ew friend's name. At ieast he knew it was ;" Alf,7 cowing to some eiarjr the painter had told. : "I teftflmy brotw caUiiig" Al£! Alf!> «o S, &C.;"( vAJft—piobably ttharefOce Alfred—surname unknowi. . ,,' •; ! , ..'t V. • Oey wefcefbalf-wajttiroagh^tbeir meal' ndifln Mr. Thomft io»aM -JDOiadMilyran: aitad'taok-hts' . acfustonifid He.waaawtjryrlpiii, awd haJ • a curiouslyintent ezpreasieii. flw4ce, whawas telling Kaqr some- tiffing story about himself (Horace's little stories generally were about hiot- self), finished it lamely in a lowered voice. Mr. Thorne smiled. \- There was a silence. Percival went steadily on with his luncheon, but Hoiace pushed away hit, plate and sipped his bheiry.' The birds were •1 wittering onrside in the sunshine, but there was no Other touud. It was like a breathless little pause of expectation. At last Mr.-Thorne spoke in such sweetly courteous tonis that they-all knew he meant mischief. " Aje you particularly engaged this afternoon?" he enquired of Horace. • " Not- at all engaged," said the young man. His heart gave a great throb, r " Then perhaps you can f,ive me a few minutes in the library i" "I- shall be most"—Horace began. But he checked himself and' said; - l Certainly. When shall I come?"' ' • " As soon as you have finished your luncheon, if that will suit -yeu ?" "I have finished." He drank off his wine, and without looking 'at the 'others walked defiantly to the door; stood. aside "for his grandfather to pass, and followed him out. Mrs. IMiddleton and Sissy exchanged glances. " Oh, my dear," the old lady exclaimed. " Oh, I am so frigiitened! - I am afraid poor Horace is in trouble. Godfrey Hammond was saying only l< st-night-— She pa.used suddenly, looking at Percival. He sat with his'back to the window, and the daik face was very:dark- in ihe shadow. Itwas just as well perhaps, for he was thinking "Told you so!"—a tmiiiof thought which seldom produces an agreeable, expression. - v' . ' r "What did Godfrey 'Hammond say?" Sissy asked. But nothing was to be got out of Aunt Middleton,'so they adjourned to the .-drawingroom lowait.for Horace's return." Percival rejid 1 the' peperj Mrs: Middleton lay on the £bfa3issy !fiitt»<l,tpand -froi-now taking'up a book, nbw • :ter;wort, the^ »t. ; the ,piano: playing idly with ; epe or singing snatches of her 'favourite ' jsqngs.f. :There was a minor: in which- looking Bhe: could :see herself reflected, as she played," and Percival as. 'he: read—as much trf -him at; lgast.ab ywas not;swallowed up in the : Times.: There. is .Something; ghostly < jabont- eiditjtle: picture:like ;this refiacted-ih a ;glass. ,It jes.so silent and yet so real.; the: pgople stir, ipokjupi their ,iips cmove, they bare every : sign .of jififft i>pt Jbhaels no sound. : There are noises in the room behind you, but the people inJthe mirror .make /none. The Timet may be rustling and crackling elsewhere, butiPercival's ghost turns a ghostly paper Whence no sound proceeds. Sissy displaying a little tinkling treble tunej bnt at the piano yonder, slim white fingers are silently wandering over the ivory keys, and the girl's eyes look strangely out.from the polished -eurface. •-,.-'•- - • Sissy , gteed and mused. Perhaps some day Percival will' reign at Brackenhill.. .And who will sit at-that piano where the ghost- girl sits now, and what soundless melodies-will be played in that* silent room ? Sissy's left-hand- steals ;-down to the bass, striking solemn chords. " If one could bnt look into the glass," she thinks," and see the future there, as people -do 'in" stories.' What eyes would look -out at me instead of mine? Ah, well! If Ircould but .see Percival there . I .would try to be content, even if the girl turned away heir face. I 'Would be content. I would! I would!" She turns resolutely away from: the' miiror and begins- that old Royalist song, in which yearning for the vanished past and mourning for the dreary present cannot triumph over the hope : of far-off - brightness, " When the . king enjoys his. own again." To Mrs. Middleton, to Percival a mere song, to Sissy a solemn renunciation of all but the one hope. Let-her king enjoy his own, and the rest be as fate wills.. The last-noto'dj^s away. Moved by a sudden impulse she lifts her eyes, to the ghost Percival. He has lowered his paper/a little, and is looking at her with, a wondering smile. A voice behind her exclaims,." Why, Sissy !" She darts across the room to the speaker, and pushes the Times away altogether.' " Percival," she says in a low breathless voice, " Does Miss Lisle play ? " " Miss Lisle!" He is surprised. " Ohi yes, she plays. But not as- well as her brother, I believe." " And does she sing ? " " Yes. I heard her once.. But no better than you sang just now. .What has come to you,. Sissy ? You have found the one thing that was wanting." 4 1 What was that?" " Earnestness—depth. You sang it as if your ' soul and the soul of the song were one. Now' I can tell yob that I 'fancied you only skimmed over the surface of things— like a' bird over the sea., I can tell you now since I was wrong." Her cheeks are glowing. "And Miss Lisle?" shesays. "What, now, about Miss' Lisle?" He is amused and perplexed at Sissy's persistence^ "She is one of your heroic women," '.and Miss Langton nods her pretty head. " Oh, I know! Jael, and Judith, and Charlotte : Corday." " I don't think I said anything about Judith; surely you suggested her. And to tell you the truth, Sissy, X looked in the Apocrypha, and'I thought I liked her the least of the triol It wasn't a swift impulse like Jael's, who suddenly saw 1 the tyrant given into her hands; and it wanted the grace of Charlotte Corday's utter self-sacrifice and quick deaths Judith had great honour, and lived to be over a hundred, didn't she? I wonder if she often, talked about Holofernes when *she was eighty or ninety, and about her triumph—how she wais' crowned with a garland and led the dance ? She ran an'e.w£al' risk, no doubt, but she was in awful peril—it was glory or death. Charlotte Cordayhad no chance of a triumph; she must have known that success, as well as failure, meant the death-cart and the guillotine. Judith seems to have played her part fairly well to the eiid, I allow; but dont you think the . praises and the after life spoil it rather ?" . Sissy, passing lightly over Percival's views about Charlotte Corday and the - widow of- a hundred-and-five who was mourned by all Israel, pounced on a more interesting avowal. - "Soyou looked Judith out and studied her ? Oh Percival!" \- ' f My dear Sissy;" shall I tell you how many times I have seen Miss Lisle!" He was answering her arch glance rather than her spoken question. "How few times, I should say. Twice!" • " I've made up my mind about people when I've only seen them once," said Sissy, apparently addressing the carpet. " Very likely—some people have that power," said Percival. " Besides, seeing them once may mean that you had a good long interview under favourable circumstances. Now," with a smile, " shall I tell you all that Misa Lisle and I said to each other in our two meetings ?" He paused, encountering Sissy's eyes, brilliantly and wickedly full of meaning. " What! do you remember every word ? Oil, Percival!" . "Hush!" said Mrs. Middleton, lifting her bead from the cushion; "listen! isn't that Horace?" '.<!:; "I think so," and Percival stooped for the Times, which had fallen on . the floor. Sissy stood, with her hand on his chair, making no attempt to conceal her anxiety. The old lady noted her parted lips and eager eyes:.." Ah! she does care for Horace. I knew it,- I knew it," the thought. __". " . He came in^ looking white and angry; his mouth was sternly set, and there was a'fierce.; . spark in his grey eyes. Mrs. Middleton beckoned him to her aofa, and would have drawn the: ' proud hesid down io her with a .tender whisper of " Tell' me, my dear." But' the. young fellow straightened himself, a'nd fac^d t$em ali as h& stood'by 1 her side. She clasped'and'fondled his passive band. " What is the matter, IJorace ?" sbeis&dat; last. AB.it happens, there is flothing much, the matter,'Tie" riplied^ " Votbldoki ai if a g&od; deal might fothe matter,-" aaid Sissy. • r T " ; He J made: he* answer for the moment. : Their' he looked. her' wttha ctirious sort of stm^': 1 "Sttsy, when we were little—When you wt9w Trty rlittle ' indeed—du you remeaaber eld JSirBT^: 1 -i ' " 'V-- ^tTbatcTirfyA>g?oh,3K8r" -y.ffl used to have him in a string -sometimes, and take him oat; it was great fun," said Horace, pensively. "I liked to feel him. ill aim, scampering and tugging at the esd of the string. It was best of, all, I think, to give him an unexpected jerk just when he was going to sniff at something, and take him pretty well off his l»g«—he was so astonished and disappointed. But it was, very grand, too, if. he would but make up his mind he wanted. to go one way, to pull at him and make him go just the opposite. He was obstinate, was old Hover^ but that was the fun of it. I was obstinate, too, and the stronger. How long has he been dead ?" "Iin sure I don't know } twelve or thirteen years. Why?" " Is it as long as that ? Well, I daresay it is. It has occurred to me to-day for .the first time that - perhaps it was. rather hard on ttov<-r now and then. Aunt Harriet, why;, did., jou let' melhaye the poor old fellp^ and .illruse hjm?" . . "My dear boy !' what do you mean? Ixkm.'t think you . were ever croel—not really, cruel} >ou know. Children always. .wilL be heedless, but.i think Kover iwas fend of you." ; "I doubt it," said Hoi-ape. ' : > . "Bj«t what^lo you' mean?" The.old lady was fairly perplexed. " What makes you 1 .think of having poor old Bover in a string terday ? I don't understand.'' j >...':-• . " Which things ace an allegory."': Horace lopked more kindly down at the suffering face r and attempted to. smile..? "It was very nice then, buv to-day I'm,the dog!" . v . " String pulled tight ?" said. Percival. ' " Jei kt-d !' He' disengaged his ..hand. "X think I'll go and have a. cigar in .the park;" Percival was going to rise, but Horace, as-he.passed, j ressed his fingers on .bis .shoulder,. "No, old lellow! not to-day—many thanks,; You lecture; me, you luaow,and generally. I donH. care a rap, so you. axe quitp, w^lc^me. ;But torday Pin a ilittle sore; rubbed pp the- wrong way; I- -might take it e^rionsly- Another time. 1 And he .departed,, leaving; his: .lecturer to re-' | iflect.on this brilliant r^plt^f: ajlobis- outpourings of wisdom. - . "•• •«.. . 