MELBOURNE. 18th September. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) A proposal has been made which will astonish cricketers. It is no less than that an eleven should be formed at once to make a tour through the colonies and challenge our present representatives in Europe, as soon as they return to Melbourne, and also com pete with any English team "that may be- sent out. The eleven'named are 'Evans, Coates, Ned Gregory, Nat Thompson, and Sheridan, for New South‘Wales; and Kelly, Kendall, Robertson,. D. Campbell,'Alex ander, and Elliott, for Victoria, or M'Crimmon in place of anyone who cried off. There is no doubt but -that it these would all play they would make the result much closer than most of the English teams ' have when contesting with “ Our Boys," but I can hardly imagine they could win. Still very few people here imagined that our team would have a “ march ’’ through .England,-and with Evans and Coates at the crease, it is difficult to prophesy until the numbers are up. The matter is now under negotiation. 1 Evans is considering the proposal, and it is quite probable that more will be heard of it. The Hodgson v Hodgson case came before the Supreme Court again to-day. Mr Wisewould and Mr Gibbs, his partner, were examined, and from, the former’s evidence it appeared that he was not aware pf.the petitioner’s condonation of -the. alleged cruel ties, and that his advice to separate herself from her hnsband was given without knowledge that she - had resumed cohabitation. With respect to her raising money to provide for her maintenance,.he stated that he bad directed her to act upon her own discretion, ■hut had given her a letter of, introduction to Messrs Bennett and Holloway, on which she could purchase goods to procure means of maintenance. He pointed out that it was upon the respondent’s insistence that the case was proceeded with under the, circumstances. The court, adopting the view that Mrs Hodgson was unworthy of credit and had misled her proctor, said . the respondent was responsible for forcing on the suit, and awarded costs against him, Mr Justice Barry read Mrs Hodgson a lecture,- and' hoped she would return to her domestic duties in ah improved spirit. One of the funniest stones in connection with spiritualism which has come to my knowledge struck my appreciative consciousness the other day. Some time since' a lady, the highly esteemed wife of one of our wealthiest merchants, died, and was buried with customary celebration. According to the spiritists the disembodiment of this lady, which haunts the fourth dimension in space,” is possessed of a yearning desire to communicate withher husband ; and convert him to the “terewth.” She has accordingly commu nicated-with a medium residing in'acottage on Colling . wood Plat, and pesters everybody who attends this ’ medium’s stances to convey her messages'to her spouse,. who may be designated by the initial “G.” The husband is, however, a scoffer at spiritualistic fancies, and if he is told ofthe circumstances will probably be greatly indignant at/being worried by them. But what I want to point out is that this raising of very imma terial ghosts is becoming a nuisance. There are plenty of husbands, : aye,and wives too, who are too glad to got their defunct spouses under cover, ahd'who even go to the additional expense of putting a good sized stone over them to keep them quiet. Spiritual espionage, of our most private actions is positively indecent, and ought to be protested against. The leaven is entering into all our , relations, far I notice that even hard-headed editors speak of death now as “ peacefully .crossing the-border.” H-: this sort of persecution • goes on married people' will have to ignore this “fourth dimension,” and; petition the Legislature to make three statutory, as being- quite enough for them. We know that a liberal Govern ment can doanything.. Mr Long, the Mayor of Ballarat -East, drew the attention of’"the Minister of'-Railways to-day to the desirability of issuing free passes to the forthcoming National Agricultural Show at Geelong, on the same principle as they were formerly granted to persons desirous of attending the Juvenile Industrial Exhibi tion at Ballarat, but without guaranty as to number. He.advocated this course as tending to educate the juveniles. The Mayor of Ballarat and Mr Connor, the president, of the Geelong Agricultural Society, supported the. application,.and suggested-that if the former request were not entertained, facilities, should be given to’visit the Geelong Exhibition at holiday excursion fares. Messrs Ince and-Garratt supported the application, claiming that the. Geelong Exhi bition would outrival its predecessors in many important respects, owing to its advantage of position. Mr Woods said that the reduction granted to 'visit the Ballarat Juvenile Exhibition had; not been profit able-to. the department, the expenses absorbing 90 per cent, of the receipts, and that as steward of the public'purse he could not grant such concessions for an agricultural show as he did for the Industrial Ex hibition; but if a certain number was guaranteed he would treat liberally as to fares. With this under standing the deputation withdrew. The man Peters, charged with criminally assaulting his step- daughter, was to-day committed for trial at the next General Sessions. In the case of Hurst, for forgery and uttering, the judge’s summing up has been postponed until to-morrow. A death has taken place .tpi-day which has removed one of our earliest- barristers into another sphere. I refer to Mr W. Rainey,-.who has passed away fully composed, and in the . company of several sincere friends. The deceased gentleman was well known,as a pleader at Ballarat as early as 1854, and prosecuted his profession in that district for many years, ■.The disposition pf his property, which is stated npt .to be so valuable as generally supposed, is not yet known, but I have beard that be has not forgotten' a few ojd associates and members of the legal profession, onejof whom holds a judicial position, and the others are engaged at the bar; ' , : :‘ , j .... At the request of the Mayor of Ballarat East ; and Mr W. Scott, J.P., one of -the committee : of the'.Bal larat East Public Libary, the Postmaster-General de . bided to-day to appoint a telegraph operator for . 1 that town, providing a room were set apart for his use in.the library: building. : This was promised-by: the mayor and Mr Scott, and under these circumstances -Mr Patterson expressed his willingness to comply with the request, . An office, therefore, will be opened at- as early a date as possible. •■■;. The Land Tax Commission sat again to-day; but only for a few hours. .The commission'decided to day against Mr A. S. Murray’s appeal, with £3O costs. The appeal of Mr J. R. M’Pheraon, trustee of the late William Robertson, 10,505 acres, first class, county of Dundos, was next entertained. No decision-was given, it being reserved for the production, if the ap pellants.considered it advisable, of further books.’and documents to support their appeal. Evidence was-, then taken in the appeal of John Russell M’Pherson, 4054 acres, first.blass; bounty of Dundas; decision rb served. • •’ t.- •- v .'1 ! 