"HE WINS WHO WAITS." ...-v.. . BY G-ROSVBNOB BTHTSTEB, Author of "vJobn Horton's Ward," Mark Pelton," " The Beet Man Wine," " Caleb Thornton," &o.; CHAPTER XX.-[Continued.) MEANWHILE Captain Bath had carried Bertha, and hex maid-for auohtbe excellent fellow had constituted Maria Pipps-to . pleasant lodgings in the vicinity of Highgate. She had three appartments in a pretty cottage, standing in the midst of a blooming garden of rosea, heleotropes, geraninms, and ..the like; and the child was touched to : notice how like this garden was to that . .which surrounded their own pretty cottage near Chester. Captain Bath was: slightly sensible of this, and reminded her of the likeness. . It will, maybe, do you good sometimes, .my dear," said he, "to look eout on these hyar posies and think of your oW hum. 'Don't you fear. That hum will be .yours, agin, I reckon, when we get Master Ned back." Poor Bertha sighed as she wondered whether that happy time would ever arrive. But youth is hopeful, and the novelty and excitement of her new position Boon dissi spated any gloomy ? thoughts. And thus the captain left her to arrange with his friend for her introduction to her employer. ..To his surprise his friend took him to Highgate also, to a house not far from that in which he had lodged Bertha. This was BO far satisfactory But when the lady pi ithe house stood before him, and' he dis covered in her no othnr than Ada Laplace, he uttered an ejaculation of wonderment.' " Sakes," cried he, " Miss Laplace I" " Wall, da say." Ada Laplaoe ' smiled sadly. She was dressed in: mourning. The grand beauty whioh she-had boasted whenlaBt the captain had seen heri had passed away. Her face was now pitted by the marks of that terrible scourge of beauty-the small- pox. But her eyes were still as brilliant-as before, though with a lesser light of sweetness and resigna tion, and her gloriouB hair waB still her own. " You recognise me, then," said she, as the captain shook her hand. " I du," said the captain, simply. " There ain't no other woman in all London has got your' hair; nor, for that .matter, eyes neither." She . bnrst out laughing as she.'turned to the gentleman who had introduced the captain. . "You see, Mr. Ranger, that I have still an admirer!" "I agree with him," said Mr. Ranger, a brisk little - man,; wearing speotades, and with a bald head. " To me you are Btill as beautiful as you were when empress of the stage." .1 " "Come, come, thisia high-flown," cried Miss Laplaoe. " But let us to other matters than that of my poor soarred face." .fBut ain't you aoting neow ?" asked the eaptaln. "No, no," she answered, with a Blight shudder,"" all tftat is passed for ever. /And now I lead-a sweeter, more' contented life than when my whole thought was applause and praise." '. " Wall, I ken understand that," said the captain. " I'm sorter [New England in my notions of stage business; don't seem to me the right thing for women. Then what, if I may make so bold, what du you du neow?" "I write for journals and periodicals." " Story books and sech ?" said the cap tain. " Same as Mr. Ranger here." "Yes. Andnowwhatabouttheyounglady?" "Wall," said the captain, thoughtfully, stroking his chin, "I didn't- speck'late, I reokon, that it was you Bhe' was comin' tu. There's a lot I'd like to say, you know, afore." ^'.' What you will," said MiBs Laplaoe, with fi smile. " But, I think you can take the word of my friend,'' Mr. Ranger, that the young lady .would be happy with me." ".Tetoh!" interrupted the captain. " Tain't that. But you see, it's a sorter fix. The child is young Harrington's sweetheart." The face of the authoress grew pale, but she said: " The Creole ?" "Ay, the gal I told you of when you went eout to Melbourne with me.'' " And she has need of work now t" " Yes. The old man is dead, and there's some fix about the property he left b0hind Mm." _ "What you have told me,": said Miss Laplace, eagerly, "makeB me most anxious to see her. But come, before you bring her, it.in necessary that I should relate to you some account of the manner in which Mr. Harrington and I were placed, DoubtlesB Bhe has heard." " That's jest it. She has not. But she kinder knows enough, you see, to make her a little touchy on the point," and the -Skipper fidgetfced with his big feet. Mr. Ranger, looking through his spectacles, and listening with surprise, perceived that this was no matter for a third person's presence. So he bade them good-day, saying that the matter was now in the captain'shanda. MiBs iLaplace, however, said: "'Pray, don't go, Mr. Ranger. Stay to loaoheon. If you'll turn into my library, <and look over my last proofs, I should take ,v " j'r*V 5T y"* ' | 1 lit as kincj,'/, andi she laidVher^jonjj,'* delicate* \--handnipon"thfftother's arnrVan^;jsmiTeclIwith, ."all Jiei: old sweetness.!.The captain,' lopping' ^down-ather hand,rnoted a masshrbiing upon on'e'finger: : ^ . : " Sakes," said he, " that's real grand." . '''It iB concerned with"? my story," she ! said.!. '^Iiisten "-^and ^Bhe. nodded to Mr. Banger as*he ambled from the< room^the ideal of an intellectual tomtit inpantaloons. ;, Then' she told the Btqry; as we know it. The "baptairi? listened intently,:, surprised, .' excited, n "IKnow the man," he ,cried, as. she" con cluded. " I know the man-a dollar to a red cent.'? . .???:?> *; And I also," WBB the-answer, gravely. " It was the man yon knew as Vickers whose name is LasoasBas.' V1' f , .1 "Ha 1" said thefoaptain. "Iguessyouknew him afore. Yon wasn't strange, I, noticed, nor madam either." " Yes, we knew him before,said the woman, sadly; " God knows did," and she covered her eyes with her hand. Again Captain Bath noticed the ring. He started. " Sakes," he mnttered, " that's the ring. Then yon got it baok from the thief." "Yes," she answered, solemnly, "it was recovered from the thief. If I were to tell yon by what agency-as I feel and know the truth-you would not believe." Wall," said the captain," I'm not given to goin' the hnll aligater in belief. But I shouldn't doubt your truth in tellin' me." ; "Then listen. Do you believe in com munication from the spirit world ?" "Sartain," said he, calmly. "I'veseena heap of ghosts in my time." And he looked searchingly at her. "Not three months ago," said Ada Laplace," BB I sat in the evening;-writing, there came to me a presence which I felt and knew, but could not see. Had this been all, I should have doubted. But I felt-I swear it is the truth-a shadowy hand upon my brow. My eyes cloBed under the resist less pressure. For some moments I sat thus-a chill running through my blood-a feeling which I cannot describe ruling my being. Presently, with a start of relief, and a sense of warmth ; inspiring me, I awoke from this condition. ''And there, as I solemnly Bwear to you, lay this ring." "Wall," said Captain Rath, who had listened quietly, "'taint ieout of reason. Thar s somethin' consarning that thar ring mor norornary." ' ' " True," murmured the woman, abstract edly, " more tban ordinary. You are right. But now," she went on, with an effort, " you have heard my story. The crime which so nearly brought Mr. Harrington to ruin was certainly the work of Yiokers or Laseassas. If he did.but know that she who WBB his viotim was his aunt!" " What ?" " Yes; it is true. I know it. But this is beside the question. And now, as you know, all, are you satisfied to let this child come to me ?" " Quite," was the answer. " I will bring her to you at once," and he arose with the! decision of one who had made up his-mind and meant to act. Soon he returned, bringing-Bertha with him. The girl looked quickly at the woman. Then, as though bysome sudden instinct, they read each other's thoughts,' each turned and embraced. What is this mysterious sym pathy which so often actuates us, and by which we are attracted or repelled P " My dear girl,"- said Ada Laplace, "I shall do my best to make you happy." " I am'sure of it," was Bertha's answer; " there is that in your face which tells me so.- And I, on my part, shall strive to merit your confidence." The skipper standing by, and, as was his wont, thoughtfully stroking his chin, mut tered: "Animal magnetism, I guess. Wall, there's a deal in seoh' matters we - know nothin' abeout, and so we laugh at 'em;" and with this he followed the ladieB into the luncheon-room. ? It was a bright and-pleasant room, its appointments telling of the taste of its mis tress. The repast was as eloquent. It is by such matters that we read the character ; and Bertha, notiDg everything around with that quick appreciation which was an ele ment of her nature, and which delighted1 in warmth, grace, and light, felt more than ever assured that she and Miss'Laplace would be happy in their relations. CHAPTER XXL OMINOUS NEWS. MR. TODD, junior, fairly furnished with means by his indulgent father, established himself in.very cosy chambers in the neigh bourhood of Clement's Inn. He had at first a faint idea of studying for the law, with the ultimate purpose of becoming Lord Chan cellor of England, and so raising the mis tress of his heart to a high social station. But this idea was abandoned by Todd, junior, when, having communicated it to Mr. Chum pie, that personage pointed out that olose study over misty law books invariably im perilled the use of spectacles at an early age, and developed orowsfeet, wrinkles, and such like enemies to personal appearance as were ill-fitted to attract a young and beautiful woman. Whereat Todd, junior, wagged his noBe and chin in a very Punch-like manner, and gave up all notion of the Lord Chancel lorship. Abandoning ambition in this direction, he entered upon its path in another. He here again adopted the advice of the wily Chum pie, and, devoting himEelf to the study of at tire, the airs of the great dandies he met in the Bow, the parks, and the streets, soon be oame the model of a man about iown. Also,, he took to certain tastes which, though little-, consonant with his natural weaknesses, were nevertheless-as urged by Mr. Chumple the tastes of young gentlemen of standing in Booiety. " You see, sir," said Mr. Chumple, as he one morning brought his master a jorum of sodaand brandy-for Todd, junior, had, alas 1 fallen upon dissipation the previous night " a young gentleman as is not fly to the wayB of tong can hardly be supposed to stand a chance with them that is. Now, this here young lady bein', as I judge, a young lady of sperrit, will natterally look to sperrit in him as seeks her affection?. You should let her see you, sir, on 'orseback occasionally, or strollin' in fashionable style along the street, and let her see by your hair and style, sir, as you knows what the world is." < ' Mr. Chumple turned away and bestowed a wink upon himself in approval of his own eloquence. Todd, junior, whose natural in stincts led to simplicity, and avoided the glare and feverish folly of what fast young men called life, was, nevertheless, much impressed by Mr. Chumple's worldly wisdom. And so he would attire himself after the model of the swell guardsman he observed in the Btreets, and mounting ahorse, a feat he only learned with much labour and perseverance at a neighbouring ridiDg schuol, he would prance up to the j; door of Bertha's cottage, and there inquire after her health, or deliver some message from hiB mother. Bertha, of course, understood the youth's pretences. But she was honestly very friendly to Tood, junior,^ who had proved so staunch and true; and albeit she could not avoid an occasional laugh at Todd, junior's, wagging nose and fashionable smirk as he approached the house. She was always ready with a smile and gracious words. Thus, then, Todd junios'g hopes re vived; and this arising much oat of Mr. RSJs'iT-il.-mni'';! ^fjt ted.J- j i Chumple'soounsel, thatpeiaonage'B influence i .and ; wages were. .).naturally?^ very ainuoh .'augmented. ' ; ; : ... .!"' j ; In the meantime^ however, it must i be confessed that Todd, junior; fell; into evil .ways. [Habit, as we know, is a great master; and.the hibits . whioh the young man now acquir&d; in his pursuit of fashionable dis^ sipation-as neoessary to fashionable dis tinction-were not of a character to give his parents, had they known the truth, a very favourable impression of their offspring's stability of character. Mr. Todd, junior, in deed, having fallen in with a-fast set, had become surprisingly well-informed in fast ways, so that, within six months of his resi dence in London, he was in the habit of giving little' sappers to certain ladies and gentlemen whose lax notions and moralities would have shocked Todd, senior, more than he bad ever been surprised by the explosion of his own torpedoes. Itihappened that Vickers, being in London, and pressed for money, came across Mr. Todd, junior, as that young gentleman, com ing home from the opera, waB having a row with a cabman. Vickers, settling the matter by a prompt and friendly interference, was thanked by Todd, junior, with effusive grati tude. Cards were exchanged. The next day the gentlemen met. Did Vickers know so and so ? Enow them. He should think so. They were as brothers and 'sisters. Would Mr. Viokers then honour Mr. Todd, junior, by his presence at a little supper at his rooms that evening. Mr. Vickers would be delighted. And soi, that evening, among the com pany of actresses and their cavaliers, Mr. Vickers found a place. If Mr. Todd, junior, had been an observant young man he might have seen that some very signifi cant glances passed between the men when Mr. Vickers was announced by Mr. Chumple, and that among the ladies a certain flutter was perceptible, such as occurs in a dove-cote when a hawk is seen aloft, ready poised for a descent upon it3 occupants. But Mr. Vickers, whatever he might think of the manner of the reception1, gave no indication of its effect upon him. He was as easy and composed' as ever, saluting several of ! the gentlemen- by familiar names. and doing the like by some of the ladieB. It was evident by the manner of those so favoured that Mr. Vickeis was a little more feared than liked. As ho would have himself argued, this was just the1 position for a man of the world to be placed in. , . " And where have you been these many months, Mr. Vickers ?" asked one stout gentleman, a leading heavy man at one of the London theatres. "My good Podgy,"fsaSdTickers, i picking at: a fowl's wing, " how you talk. One would think that I possessed one of those mechanical memories which, I understand, are so useful in your, profes sion. I have been, everywhere-r-to Paris, Home, Florence, ; Vienna, Prague-ay,: to Constantinople itself." "Lord 1" said Mh Todd, junior. "Whata lucky fellow 1" " Don't think it, my dear, BIT," said Vickers. " Travel is a girest bore. I tried America two. years ba.ck, was wrecked and: 'earned to Australia. , That was slightly exciting." ? j " Wrecked 1" echoed the company.' j "Ay, in the, Hellespont. You may re member hearing of it." . " GodblesBme!" exclaimed Todd, junior. " This is very singular." . ; ' , " In what respect, Mr. Todd ?' '?f . i , '. Well, I don't mean that it is exactly singular, you know-a sortiof coincidence.? . " Why, were you, too, wrecked ?" asked: Vickers. "I don't remember." ' i " Me/ Oh, no; not at all; r Only I know a young lady who had a cousin in that; vessel, and he, too, was carried to Aus tralia." " Inconvenient cousin,' Mr. Todd/' cried a fair aotress. "He should have been drowned." . ' > ? " Not at all," said Todd, junior; " Biit the fact is,.I take some interest in the-the younglady, you'know." " -"Doubtless," murmured the company, significantly, leaving Mr. Todd blushing and perspiring. ' : . : . " What was our cousin's name, ' sir ?" asked Vickers. - L ' " Harrington, sir-Mr. Edward Harring ton." ' '> : ? r. . ' ' 1 ^ Not even Mr. Vickers' powers of self command could quite control the pallor which grew into his face as he heard this. ? ' 1; "I knew him," he said. "In fact, he was a sort of comrade of mine. But, poor fellow, he got into some scrape about an actress and her jewellery, and left for New Zealand. You may have heard of her. A Miss Ada Laplace," he went on, look ing around at the company. " Of course," assented several, and then Todd, junior, eagerly stuttered, " That's it, That's the lady by whom my-no, the young lady I take a sort of interest in, you know-is employed." "Eh!" said Vickers. "No. Ada La place died of small-pox at Eio Janeiro." ? " Not a bit of it," Baid the stout aotor^ glad of an opportunity to contradict one who had so familiarly addressed him as Podgy. "Not.a bit of it. I,saw her this very day. Sho don't act now, though. Beauty gone-eyesight bad,: and all that." . ?.« Do you mean to say," cried Vickers, sternly, " that! Ada Laplace, the actress, is here in London;?'' ; (To be continued.) . . ' ? 