NEW GUINEA. The annexation-says a Victorian Jour nal-of New Guinea to the British domin ions in the South may now be looked on as a fact accomplished. A definite answer on the subject has been obtained from the Imperial Government by the Colonial Institute in London,and the necessary steps to carry nut the design will be taken when Sir Arthur Gordon, now on his way to Eufirbop,-si1lt arrive in London-In- -the meantime, a war. ship has been orderedto sail for Port Moresby to guard British interests in that qaarter As SirArthur Gordon, when in Melbourne, expressed him self favorable to the annexation, no obstacle can possibly arise to the completion of the transaction, which will place. the great island that forms the key of the Malay archipelago under the protectorate of Great Britain. All this gives point to the remarks made in these columns some short time since, in defence of those persons here who have been advocating tihe very course now taken. They were ridiculed in certain quarters as wild and impracticable enthu si_:asts, harboring hnir-brained designs; and our contention was, that under ill their apparent flightiness of purpose, there lay a solid basis of practical good sense. What signify details, when the question under consideration is the acceptance or rejection of a grand project ? When New Guinea shall have been fully annexed, there will bd time enough to decide whether it shall be pilaeed under the jurisdiction of the High Commissioner in the Pacific, or attaclhed to one of the Australian colonies. PFending such decision, the colonists from one end to the other of this continent may reasonably congratulate tlhenselves on this fresh acqui sition to thie possessions of the mother country in Pacific waters. There can be no doubt at all that New Guinea is a large and fertile island, abounding in all the elements of material wealth, and affording scope for the prosecution of enterprise in many direc tions, • Every-day experience is gr:dually chang. ing the aspect of past history. Tha man who has undergone the process of being the first individuinlshared by a arserbs appren-~ tice, can't see how the martyrs of former days had Itecessarily to die after bleing flayed alive. The Anglo-Russian Agreement.-- Johlnny Bull: "Please, sir, which is the policy, the plucky one or the sneaking one ? " Show nian: " Whichlever you please, my little dear; you pays your money, and you takes your choice." [With spologies to the ghost of " Joe M?l':cr "] 