SPOTTING IN ENGLAND. f By Westox.1 The meeting at Lincoln, which marks the beginning of the racing year, is one of the oldest in England. A~ century and a hal* ago, when George H. was King, the old Cathedral saw a Koyal Plate contested for, and won by a grey, a color more frequent on the turf in those days than now. In 1727 the Earl of Halifax's grey Sampson was returned a winner ; in 172S the Duke of Hamilton's grey Victorious won the prize, and the year after Spot, another grey, won the Royal Plate, while during the next four years two more greys, Brisk and Starling, won for Sir N. Curzon and the Duke of Bolton. In those old days horses were more absurdly named than is the fashion now, and we come across such eccentricities as Pickle Me Quickly, Stroke Her, Tripping Nan, Piping Peg, Smiling Kit, Bouncing Bess, and many others. The Royal Plate for many years was the chief prize, and ' the devil who looks o'er Lin coln,' to quote a local saying, if he had a taste for good blood, had no reason to com plain'; for here Regulus, the sire of Spil letta, Eclipse's dam, a son of the Godolphin Arabian, Shakespeare, Squirrel, Looby, Phantom, Careless, Atlas, and others of fame, won Royal Plates. The chief feature is now of course the Lincolnshire Handi cap, and this came into existence some 25 yeaTS ago. In 1853 three races here con secutively were won by half-bred horses, and the doings of Hesper this present year of 187S have proved that a stain in the blood sometimes comes out right enough. The first day's racing commenced on March 25, but the sport was uninteresting. On the second day the Prince of Wales paid his first visit to Lincoln. The valuable Brocklesby Stakes attracted a field of 18, and taken all round the youngsters were a fair sample. Joseph Daw3on supplied the favorite, and that accomplished trainer enjoys a great reputation for sending pre cocious juveniles to Lincoln; but Ah drella, the daughter of Scottish Chief and Dot, did not justify her position. In honor of the Royal visit a parade was indulged in before starting. The youngsters were very fractious at the first, and several breaks away occurred before the race. They came away at a rattling pace, and ths re sult of a splendid finish was a dead heat between the Tragedy colt and Devotee, while the colt by Blinkhoolie ©ut of Curieuse was only half a length from the dead heaters, and might have been closer up, but failed, to get a line for himself early enough in the race. The Full Cry Steeple chase brought out a field of four, gentlemen riders all, and it fell to the five-year-old Sultan, at 11 st. 13 lbs., who was not long ago taken from the plough. On the third day, the great day of the Lincoln feast, the weather was on its best behavior. The victory of Kaleidoscope was a popular one, and added another and signal proof of the soundness of Robert Peck's judgment of the racehorse, and all thereto belonging. Tha history of the winner is in this wise. John Day bought him at Doncaster for Lord. Dupplin for 350 guineas as a yearling. Joha Dawson trained him and Petrarch for the Two Thousand, and in the famous trial for that race on a memorable afternoon at New market, Kaleidoscope beat the great gun Petrarch by three lengths in the hoilowest fashion. Consequently for the race he started at 3 to 1 only betted against him, with the chief jockey of the stable up, while Luke, who had never ridden an important Tace, had the mount on the 100 to 6 chance, Petrarch. The latter, as is well known, won in a canter; Kaleidoscope third ; Robert Peck's Julius Caesar second. In July of 1877 the Russley traiaer bought him for 700 guineas, it being no secret that he made a noise, and moreover was a rogue. His new owner indulged him with, a rest, and in September added him to the list. With a view to clearing his wind, sundry changes in diet were fixed, and finally watercress was hit upon with ex cellent results. At the first time of asking he has got back with ex travagant interest the purchase-money invested in him. And here it may be of some interest to allude to past purchases of this excellent judge. When Mr. Merry retired, Peck bought from him Doncaster, who next day won the Alexandra Plate, and subsequently resold him to the Duke of Westminster for £14,000. When Lord Aylesford went to India he bought Julius Caesar, with whom he ran second for the Guineas, third for the Derby, and sold at a good price to Mr. Gee, for whom he trained tie horse, and won the City and Suburban in rattling style. Dalbam was another pur chase who paid his way, as besides winning some events he was an excellent trial horse. Marie Stuart was another bought to be re s old at a great advance to Mr. Crawford. Amongst the runners was Sulieman, heavily bandaged, who attended home Gang Forward and Kaiser in. their Guineas Race. The start was a splendid one, tEe field leaving the starter in a straight lins, but as the pace set was a cracker, this order was soon broken. Appended are details of the principal races of this meeting. The Brocklesby Stakes of 300 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, for two year olds ; colts 8 st. 12 lb., fillies and geldings 8 st. 9 lb. ; second received 30 sovs. out of the stakes, snd the third saved his stake. Half a mile. 59 subs. jut. J . J onnson s d c Dy me jtiane — xrageay, 8 st. 12 lb. (Maidment; ... ... ... f w.o. Mr. Chaplin's b f Devotee, by Hermit— Kalipyge, 8st. 91b. (H. Jeffery) ... f Count Festetic's b c by Blinkhoolie — Curieuse, 8 st. 121b. (Constable) ... 3 Nearly three quarters of an hour was cut to waste owing to the restiveness at the post of Cairngorm and Effie Deans, the latter of whom whipped round, and was left when the flag ultimately fell. As soon as the signal was given the Tragedy colt jumped 'off in front and made the running, attended on the left by An drella and Devotee, the Curieuse colt and the Vertumna filly being most promi nent of the remainder, of whom Beauclair, Cairngorm, Callithrix, and Florentine were conspicuous in the middle of the course, with Abbaye also well up on the right. - clear of Heliotrope, Frivolity, and Boudoir. The lot came on pretty much in this order to the distance, where the pace began to telL and of the leading lot the first to give way were Andrella and Beauclair. The Tragedy colt then came on with Devotee in close attendance, and the Curieuse colt also began to creep gradually up to the leaders. With nothing else now in the hunt, the three named ran to an exciting Tace home, and Devotee answering gamely to the calls of her rider, struggled with such resolution that she got up to the son of Tragedy in the last stride, and made a dead heat of it. Half a length only divided the second and third : Abbaye was fourth, Vertumna fiily fifth, Cairngorm, sixth, Andrella seventh, Frivolity eighth, Florentine ninth, HelTo- - trope tenth, and the last three were Ka panga, Beauclair, and Boudoir, except Effie Deans, who walked in with the crowd. The stakes were divided, Tragedy colt walking over. F. Webb was reported for disobedience at the post. Time by Ben son's chronograph, 52^ sees. Value of the stakes. £840. The LixcoLXSHiBE Handicap of 1,000 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, 10 ft ; winners extra ; second received 50 sovs. out of the stakes, and third saved his stake. The straight mile. SS subs. Mr. R. Peck's b.g. Kaleidoscope, by Speculum —Recluse, 5 yrs., 7 st. 12 lbs. (Glover) ... 1 Mr. Quartermaine East's br.f . Eosy Cross, 4 yrs, 8 st. 11 lbs. (Morbey) ? 2 . Lord Wilton's br.h. Cradle, 5 yrs., 7 st. 11 lbs. (Morgan) ? ... 3- In order not to throw away a chance with regard to Chevron's temperament, the horse was taken quietly to the post quite three-qnarters of an hour hei ore the time fixed for the decision of the race, and other animals not submitted to public gaze in the paddock were Kaleidoscope, The Ghost, andlthona. This ^io were put to rights at the City turn, but appeared in tune to take part in the preliminary canter, in which Chevron was the only absentee. Doubtless in anticipation of breaks-away — usually associated with the race— conducing 1o a delay at the post, the formal business of a parade was very judiciously dispensed with, and the result was that Mr. M'George had the twenty-seven competitors mar shalled under his care within a minute o£ the advertised time, and no sooner had he given the word to prepare than he was enabled to drop his red ensign to one of the best starts that ever took place /??» r\ -i for an important handicap. .The straight lioe in which tfcey started was instan taneously broken, however, some of tsie jockeys having ** forcing'5 orders, while on tbe other hand some had 'waiting' in structicEs. Thus the idea entertained by those on the sfcaid that the start was an iii 4liffereni oce. Directly the signal vy«s fiyen Boufclon became unmanageable, and tolling, took no part whatever in the race. Perhaps Hie three who were absolutely first nfon their legs were The Ghost, Kalei doscope, and Touchet, but these were soon pulled back, and they had not gone a hun dred yards before Kaleidoscope was con spicuous behind the leading division. On settling down to their work Telescope, in t&e; centre, drew to the front, having a slight advantage of Sulieman, on the left, a»d the pair were closely pursued, in the middle of the course, by Suffolk Lad, Kis saet, Chevron, Ithona, and Antient Pistol, Cradle, Charivari 111., and Organist being ?well up on the richt, clear of Touchet and , Kaleidoscope, while on the far side Sidonia affid Cineinnatas were prominent in front of Tassel and Trommel. Telescope came along at a merry pace, and together with Sulie m£b soon held a clear advantage of the re mainder of tke field. Mr. Gsettxtns old horse was the iirst to bold out signals of distress, and having retired left Tele scope as pioneer past the bend, Rosy' Cross, Autient Pistol, Cividlo, and Kaleidoscope (who had been improving his pace) now following in the tvack of the leading lot, while the hoops of Lord Rose %ery became more prominent on Touehet. He&rlj; a quarter of a mile from home Tele scope'had shot his bolt, and, with Autient Pistol done with soon afterwards, Cradle, on the rails, was left with a momentary lead, which, however, he immediately re Sifrixa xo ivosy vjioss, wao orew up on ais ?whip hand, most conspicuous of the re xEainder being Kaleidoscope, Touchet, and Sidonia. The last-named, however, was yunning in trouble, and quite unable to farther improve Iiis position; but ifot so Kaleidoscope, who, palpably hanging to the j'jght, answered gamely enough to a reso lute call on the part of clover. Cradle was Ibeaten at tie distance, and dropping away , jrft Rosy Cross in front of Kaleidoscope, fcst the latter was evidently going the stronger of the pair, and iiieh by inch over hauling Mr. Easts filly, was Leaded oppo site the comer of the stand inciosure, 'and defeated somewhat cleverly at last hv a. length. Cradle, pulling up, was third, fceaten three lengths from Rosy Gross, aud Touehet, who was also eased' in the last *if!y yards, was placed fourth, a couple of lengths in rear of the third. Sidonia was tifth, fSuffolk Lad sixth, Organist seventb, Chevron eighth, Trommel and Telescope sext in front of Antient Pistol and Chari vari III., and the last lot comprised Mil lingtcn, Adamite, and Cineimiatus, with the exception of Boublon, who walked in ?ffith the crowd. Time, by Benson's cbro . Ttsegrtsih, 1 min. 53 sec. Net value of the stakes, £2,060. To tvrm from the turf to the track, O'Leary has come out champion of Sir John AsiJey's six days' tournament. He has re ceived the prize of £-500 and the handsome challenge belt which confers the distinction «f ''Long-Distance Champion Pedestrian -of the World.' A few months ago the Xineobighire M.P. announced that lie would. jive £750 in prizes and a belt of £J00 value for a sir days' competition. The premier prize was to be awarded to Iiiui -who should cover the greatest distance, either walking or running, in the given tsjae. On Monday, March 38, the journey (Commenced at three minutes past } . Tlie yuraiess showed the way, but before the first day was over it was clear the walkers . ?would head the list. On Monday night O'I»f.yy had 137 miles, Covkey was second with a mile or two less,' while V&ughan;, Brown, and McLeavy had jill turned 100. The real .struggle com jBeceed on Wednesday, aud only three cauie said Brown. After Thursday O'Leary and Vaughan alone were left in, the one strain jag to maintain his lead, the other to reduce the difference. On the track Vaughan always gained on his rival, but lost what he wade by longer and more frequent rests. Friday was the crucial test. If Vaughaa h «ould reduce the lead his surplus speed anight do the rest on Saturday. Both were dreadfully tired, but Vaughan seemed the &esher.; On Saturday Vaughan appeared fest, at 20 to 3 in the morning — O'Leary soon followed. Both began slowly, but j ?warmed to their work. Twice during the j Mjorning Vaughan retired, O'Leary keeping «n the track. At noon there was 20 miles j Jbetween them. At 47 inin. past 2 p.m. ' O'Leary bad completed 500 miles. O'Leary j limped on. Vaughan running, * walking, j and Irottmg in turns, till he reduced the ! lead to less than 10 miles. At 3.0 miu. yast7 he was led off the course, liavinsr i completed o00 miles. We give the distances *f the competitors : — ' i M!s. Lps. i F J-. O'Leakv, Chicago, United States -£rst prize, £500 aud champion j fceit) ? 52(J 2 I H. V.*t-jn as, Chester (second prize, ' £100) ? ? 500 U i H. Bkown ('Blower'). Fulhatn (third pri:x\ £50) ... ? 477 I) ] *}. Ide, North 'Woolwich ? 406 0 j J. Smith, York ? :{y2 (I 'W. Corkey, BctJmal Greeu ? 3:J2 0 'W. Lewis, Islington ? 27Q o P. McCarfcy, York ? 201 -- ! J. McLeavy, Alexandria ? 244 0 ! 'W. Gregory, Kexton ? i-3l o ! J. Groves, Salop ? 217 O -?»-. Johnson, Barrow-in-Fiu-ness ... 206 0 W. Smith, Paisley ? 193 0 J S. S. Johnson, Wrexham ? 1-J3 o ' W. H. Sinythe, Dublin ? 173 0 J. Bai5ey, Sittingbourue ? 139 O C. C. Hartyn, Yatton ? 65 0 : *i. Hazael, Ueilmal Green ? 50 0 j 