OVERDALE; or, THE STORY OP A PERVERT. By Emma Jane Worboise. CHAPTER L. — Continued " so he giveti1 his beloved sleep." The dark eyes opened once more, and the qmle lips shaped themselves to speak, but no -words where uttered — none, at least, that mortal eais might hear. But over the dying face shone a radiance, a glory, that fairly took the . breath of those who were standing by. A great awe fell upon their hearts, for they knew :that she upon whom they looked ' with their \- poor, dim, human eyes, saw " the great vision of the face of Christ." It was more than peace, it was joy and wonder unspeakable that lighted up the wasted features ; the weak hands tried to join themselves as if in praise and thanks giving ; it was very rapture that spread itself over lip and cheek and brow. And then slowly, slowly the eyelids closed, the fingers relaxed again, a slight tremor ran through the frame, and all was hushed for ever ; only the "beautiful smile, the strange, radiant expression of mingled love, and bliss, and wonder still -lingered. ... " She is at rest," said Claude, rising from his knees. "She sees 'face to face' was all that Lady Jane could say. While Lord Ashdown solemnly enunciated, ' 'The . sting of death is Bin, and the strength -of sin is the law ; but thanks be to God who giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.'" ' And the last words Ralph echoed. "Evenso! —through our Lord Jesus ChriBt." V : CHAPTER LI. seven years afterwards. Seven .years had elapsed since they laid A'gatha to rest under the chesnut shade in the peaceful cemetery among the Normandy Hills — \- seven years, in which many changes had come to pass ; in which Mr. Bell had become rector of Overdale ; in which the new Congregational church had prospered exceedingly ; and in which the Methodists at the Chine had built a modest little convent cle of their own. Changes, too, had overswept the land ; great questions, ecclesiastical a3 well as political, were being debated in the senate, in the club-houses, at public meetings, and at private reunions — everywhere, indeed, where men met together find1 ; freely expounded their convictions and expressed their previsions. All men — that is all thoughtful and earnest men, and many thoughtful women also — were beginning to talk anxiously, yet hopefully about the " Church of the future." All felt that a change was im pending, that a great crisis was gradually approaching, that Nemesis was slowly but surely making her way to the high places, where wrong had been suffered and injustice had been ignored so long. But through all Ritualism had steadily advanced ; it had re ceived much opposition and many checks, but it had thriven and spread, and exalted itself in spite of every hindrance ; and now indeed not only Nonconformists, who might be supposed to be disaffected where an Establishment was concerned, but sturdy Episcopalians began to ask, " where and what is the Church of Eng land? When we call ourselves Churchmen are we Protestants or semi-l'iomanists ? Do we believe the Word of God, or do we hold no creed at all ? Have we any faith, and is there such a .thing as 'the life of the world to -come?'" It was the year of the last Paris Exhibition; which was just closed; after having run its most successful and- brilliant career, and people were still talking over its marvels and exchanging ; their experiences during their sojourn in tlie gay capital. Gertrude had spent several months in Prance ; part of 'the 'time she had been staying i in Paris,, but some weeks had been devoted to Normandy, and to visiting scenes now most hallowed to memory.' But she was no lohgeri Gertrude Aylmer; she was Ralph Mornington's wife, and a wife of four years' standing, and a- fine heal hy boy, and a lovely little girl bearing! the beloved name of Agatha, called her mother, i Claude had travelled with the Morningtons ; he' was . still' unmarried.; and now thev were all at' Ralph's town :house in Hyde Park Gardens. ' The " all " included Lord Ashdown and Lady ! Jane, who came up from the country to greet; their, relations, and to hear the accounts of the j wonders they had not seen, and of festivities in ! which they had not shared ; for the Earl audi Lady Jane chose now to consider themselves quite elderly people, who were best at home whenever, there was any chance of bustle and I confusion.. Roberta, too, was Gertie's .visitor, as well as Helen Galbraith, whom Mrs. Morning- ton, had invited up to town, because she had good reason to believe that Claude particularly enjoyed her company ; bo that most of the people who had borne their part in the mournful drama of 1860 were met again to revert' to it in 18671- Where is Maude ?" asked Lord Ashdown, when he had looked once or twice towards 'the door in vjiin.; "the naughty child said she was coming down to luncheon." ' "She is still taking her- music-lesson," re-; plied Lady Jane ; "-she-will be here directly. ' How wonderfully like her. pocir mother she; grows !" ' j "Wonderfully!" responded Gertie. , I can! fancy. Agatha was just like her, at her ! age. . Child as she still is,— just thirteen, ; you know, i —she is constantly reminding me both- by look J 'arid gesture' of 'the lovely , Agatha Be van . who j came to O verdale fourteen years ago. ' I wonder I jvhat papa would say to her. Will she, ever see I him again, I wonder.! It is of little use writing; to him., I know our letters are withheld' if; they touch upon anything beyond the merest' common places. Think of never getting a letter of. your own with seals unbroken ? Ralph Yent.to see him in the spring, before we left; , frnington ; but he did not have a private; interveiw. Brother Somebody sat reading in' 11 T?ona whole of the time."' . he did have the dear little mater's! letter, said Claude, " for I gave it into his own bands live years ago. By the way, I had a note from Ernest the other day. He was obliged to write about that business of Gregson's. Being of age, his signature was required. He does not seem to have an idea beyond the narrow bounds of his monkery. He absolutely hugs his chains. I have sometimes a suspicion that my poor father finds his galling enough." " Does anybody know where Mr. Vallance is?" asked Lord Ashdown. " My husband heard that he was at Rome," replied Roberta, " very intimate with a noble English family, who were passing the winter there. Miss Grierson had tidings, too, from an artist cousin of hers who is working away in the Via Margutti. He met the whole party fre quently in the different galleries, and once he came upon them at a picnic at Tivoli. Mr. Vallance was telling the young ladies all about Hadrian's Villa." "And little Hetty did not quite break her heart ?" inquired Gertie. " Happily not. She 'managed to endure the discipline he ordained for her till it became discipline no longer. It was only the child's fancy that was touched. She was an excitable, romantic little creature in those days, and she read more novels and poetry than were good fer her, and she fell readily enough into the snare laid for her unwary feet. I remember Mr. Vallance telling me once that a great sorrow, such as involved crushed affections and withered hopes, would soften the heart that had refused to receive any spiritual impressions. I suppose he thought by instructing her in High- Churchism, and winning her love at the same time, he was making sure of her." "Ah, 1 know how he would manage that little affair. He would be so interested in Hetty, give her such excellent advice, lend her books, pay her delicate attentions, which no gentleman had ever paid her before, all the while abstaining scrupulously from one single word which would at all commit himself, — never in the least compromising himself by uttering aught that might be construed into a declaration of attachment. Poor, silly Hetty ! . but' I cannot blame her. Did she take long to get oMb.it?" "Not so long as I feared she would. Mr. Vallance's real character being ascertained, she felt that she had been not only deceived but in some measure insulted ; for, though she affirmed he had never said in bo many words, ' Hetty, I love you !' he had frequently given her to under stand that he deeply valued her affection. She went away for awhile to an aunt in Oxfordshire, and Annie managed the shop ; and while she was on this visit, a worthy young farmer in the neighbourhood fell in love with her and proposed. She refused him then — she had not quite got over the shock, poor thing ; but he followed her to Overdale a few months afterwards, and pleaded his cause so successfully that he went away Hetty's betrothed husband. A year after wards they were married ; and Hetty, I believe, is a very happy wife. She came to see me about two years ago, and to show me her baby — a fat, round-faced, round-eyed, pug-nosed little fellow, — not a bit like his lovely young mother, but, as she proudly assured me, ' the very image of his father !' and, seeing that the father was tolerably ugly, I quite believed it. Hetty, however, seemed perfectly satisfied both with husband and chlid, and so glad that Annie wa3 going to marry into the same family ; for she said, in conclusion, when we had quieted the noisy baby with stuffing cake into his mouth, 'There is nothing like being happily married, is there, Mrs. Bell ? What a foolish girl 1 was, to be sure, in that old time ; and how good God was to me !' " "Do you ever see Ada Chennery now ?" " No ; she has quite left- our neighbourhood. The squire is so angry with her he will not have her at home. He says her example is so bail for her sisters, as indeed it is ! I hoped once that Ada would be saved. The disclosure of Mr. Vallance's treachery startled her very greatly." " ; , . "Did she really give away all her fine fortune?' " She endowed the sisterhood very largely, that is all I knew about it. The last time I saw" her — several years ago— she looked sadly out of health "arid most' unhappy. T think she will remain faithful to the Anglican Church. I do not think she will ever follow Rosamund's example." " Poor Rosamund ! fHow little . we thought what it would all come to ! Of course' we went to St. Therese as we passed through Rouen;" " And you saw her?" "Yes; but we were not alone except fer about two minutes, and then the grate was between us. I could only touch the tips of her fingers. To think that sisters should meet so !" , " And was she in tolerable spirits ?" " She was nuite comnosed. but verv erave. : and of course that horrible old nun counting her beads in the back-ground prevented anything like confidence. Just two or three minutes we had, the old lady being suddenly called off guard, and then I put out my hand as, far as it would go, and tried to grasp Rosamund's hand, aud I saidr ' Are you happy ? Speak quickly, — if you,. wish to return to us, say so, and i Claude and Ralph will manage it.' I could see something like a spasm pass over , her thin, ! wasted features. Then she answered, 'I am ; content. ; There can be no change now ; it is too i late ' i ' Onlv sav vou renent:' I urtred. ' and you shall be free.; You are a British -subject ; they cannot, dare not.detain you against your will.' She only shook her head hopelessly, and: said;,, sadly, . ' Ah,-, you do not know !' And" thou (Sis tec Brigidaeame back, and we could say ; no .more : she evidently, understood English. As we parted, Rosamund whispered, ' Oh,, Ger trude, , pay for, me ! pray for me !' To think of her asking me, a heretic,; to pray for her-!"-. -:\\\ ..... While- the ladies were talking, Ralph had; been called out of the room, and, five, minutes; afterwards he had sent for Claude. ; . " Some business, I suppose," said '.Gertie,; carelessly ; " Ralph thinks so much of Claude's opinion."; ,, ; . And then she. went on telling their; continental , ad ventures, and was still describing the Emperor's! fete, when . Ralph; returned, looking,- as . Gertie afterwards said, as if he had seen a ghost. ; "Oh, Ralph, what is it?— where is baby?" eried Gertie, rushing across the room to her husband. "Hush, dear ! baby is quite well — the child ren are both safe in the nursery — but some one has arrived from " " From Upcott ? Speak quickly, Ralph — my father is dead ?"| " No, no, my dear, be calm ; he is not dead — not even really ill — though seriously out of health, I should say. A little of your nursing will soon set him up again, Gertie." "Oh, Ralph, you do not mean it ? — he is here, then ?" "YeB, he is here : and Gertie — Aunt Jane — Lord Ashdown — he has — left Upcott for ever." It was true. Mr. Aylmer had indeed left Upcott — he had come back again to his children ; at last he had cast away the fetters that en slaved him, and returned to the simpler, purer faith of his earlier years. Rather had he found for the first time the sure and certain hope revealed in Christ's Gospel ; at length he knew the love, the power, and the fulness of Him in whom alone there is peace and retriission of sins. Strangely altered was the once proud and handsome Eustace Aylmer. His form was bent and wasted to emaciation, his face was haggard, and his hair whitened as if the snows of four score winters had passed over it. But through all the sadness, through all the tokens of illness and premature decay, gleamed a sweetness and a calmness such as nad never illuminated the haughty features of the rector of Overdale. or the stern countenance of the ascetic priest of Upcott. His children made much of him, for it seemed to them as if their father had been dead and was alive again, had been lost and was found. " Oh, if only she could have lived to see thi3 day !" said Gertrude, passionately. And Ralph made answer: — "Dear, she is far happier as it is ; her prayers are answered, and who shall say that, in her own bright, blessed home, she knows it not ? I think they will not be long parted." But a very tempest of anguish shook Mr. Aylmer's enfeebled frame when he saw his daughter Maude. She was tall and womanly of her age, the very transcript of her lovely mother ; and when first she stood before him, he could have fancied that he saw again the blooming Agatha of that sweet May-time, fourteen years before. She looked at him with Agatha's deep, tender eyes; she spoke to him in Agatha's sweet clear young voice ; even the clasp of her slender fingers reminded him of that hand that could be clasped nevermore, till they should meet in the world beyond the grave ! Late at evening, when they were gathered round the hearth, Claude said, "Father, will you forgive me for the hard, cruel words I.said to you when last we met?" "I thank you for them, for they made me feel how far I had missed the mark at which I aimed. And I had forfeited the love and respect of my children ; it was ever a consola tion to me that you were faithful to her when I had forsaken her, and that yon thought harshly of me for my desertion of those whom I was bound by the most solemn vows to love and cherish while life lasted." "And when did you begin to change, papa?" said Gertie, gently. "Do you mind telling us all about it? "There is little to tell, my dear. Shall I confess that through it all I had intervals of terrible misgiving? Even when I was surrender ing my mind and judgment to be hoodwinked by those who knew full well how . to take advantage of my fatal weakness, I used to feel sometimes that I was following a flickering meteor, rather than the glorious lamp of God's own eternal truth. But the infatuation was strong upon me ; and I had courted error from my boyhood. Very early in my life I was enamoured of the forms and ceremonies of that terrible heresy which sprang up in the Church of England some five-and- thirty years ago ; there, lay all the mischief — those childish tend encies were at the very root of all the wrongs and sufferings of later years. I thought when once the irrevocable step was taken, when the costly sacrifice was complete, I should doubt no more, I should be at rest ; and though the happiness of earth could never be mine, I was content to give it up, if only in its stead I might know that Divine joy, that rapt ecstatic bliss; which, I had been told, was the reward of those who yielded all they held dearest in the world, in order to consecrate themselves to a life of so- called religion. Too late I found that . I had sacrificed my treasures, and gained nothing in their place. There was no rest, no peace. If, sometimes, I succeeded in working myself into a state of beatific contemplation, the reaction speedily set in, aud I lay crushed under, my weight of helpless misery and sin. Sometimes came whispers of peace to my weary soul, pleadings of the Blessed Spirit, and I would fain have listened, but dared not. Such were not the breathings of my Church. Time passed on : I was obedient even to slavishness in outward seeming ; I multiplied prayers and penances, and my brethren deemed me a saint. But within, ! all was darkness and coldness, the void of an1 empty heart — a heart from whence earthly love; had been chased, and whence heavenly love had; tied. After I knew of Agatha's death I fell into ; a sort of stupor; I lived in a kind of trance, i > with all my sensations.benumbed. I knew that; the blow had fallen, but it had stunned me, and the dreary weeks and months passed away'till ; they amounted to years, and still I was as' one! i cut off from life. I was locked up in the horrible i charnel-house of dispair — sullen, heavy, ' frozen i /Ivennit fr/\m whir»Vi T lia.fi nn hfino' 5 which I scarcely wished to escape.- ; had; wilfully rejected God's grace, I -had -extin : guished the proffered Light, 1 had. turned5 from' the truth, and now I was suffered . to; fall. 'into. ; stroug delusion, to believe a lie I Great was my guilt, and bitter was my punishment.. - ' "I do riot know how. long this; dull- misery lasted ; but a few months ago I opened Agatha's last letter— -the one. which you -brought 'me" Claude;, it would never have reached 'me through the post. Once more I read her words5 of love. She never reproached me ; she only strove to comfort ins,- and she called me her darling, her-precious husband, just as if I had; ,not broken her heart. The end of the letter ran thus : — 'I know the day will come, my dearly loved Eustace, when all the . delusions5 that have surrounded you will melt away. ; Some day your heart will fail you, and you will; feel that your feet are not upon the Rock, b'ut upon the shifting sands of human pride, and human weakness ; then do not hesitate ; conic straight to Jesus. Commit all to Him— lay 'hold of Him, and all will he well 1 Put away : all your fancied merits ; forget your prayers,' your self-denial, your many sacrifices? just give, yourself into His hands, and once more you shall rejoice and be at peace. " Believe in the Lord Jesus , and thou shall be saved." Farewell, my own love, farewell for a little while. I am quite at rest concerning you ; the light will soon dawn upon your soul, the Day-star will rise and shine and guide your feet into the way of perfect peace, and bring you to the happy home where f shall be waiting and watching for you.' " And the light did dawn ! As I read the darkness receded ; fear, doubt, and anguish, took their flight. I looked to Christ, and I believed. I saw Him whom my 3ins had nailed to the tree ; I had a vision of His lovli- ness and glory, and my soul sank in praise and adoration before Him. And now, though I must go softly all my days, though earthly joy can never dwell in my heart again, I am happier than I have ever been ! If it is God's will, I would like to live a few years, that I might really preach His Gospel, and proclaim His love ; that I might rescue others who are dazzled and misled — deceived, as I once was ; that I might protest with every breath I have' against that false system, which begins in ex-! alting human observances, and multiplying". , forms and ceremonies, and ends in destroying' . the vital powers which God has created A destroying them under the name of devoting them to Himself alone." My tale is ended now. I might have 0 ado it "conclude more happily," people tell mo ; , but I had no such alternative. I have not been writing fiction. I have merely narrated facts which actually occurred ; and I have altered circumstances, and, as it were, reset the picture, ' only as far as it was necessary in order not to violate confidence, and not to give pain to those : still living, who were once actors in the scenes I I have described — who are still mourners for sister and brother, immured within convent walls, and for her whose fair young life was blighted by workings of a system which is sap- pingthe very foundations not only of the Anglican Church, but of our national glory, and of our social and domestic joys and respectability. For, alas ! the story I have told you as faith fully as I could is no rare and terrible exception to the rule, no unfortunate combination of incidents such as will hardly ever recur again. The same story is being told daily in every countyjin England. Facts similar to those I have narrated have reeurred — are still reonr- ring ; and examples will multiply so long as the errors pf Ritualism, the great heresy and schism of the nineteenth century prevail among us. air. Ayimer snu lives, a sorrowtul, penitent man, liumbly_ and earnestly working for his Master ; anxious that his days may be pro longed, that bis voice may still be nplifted iin the proclamation of Christ's blessed Gospel, yet yearning for rest ! — very weary and very sad, thinking of wasted opportunities ; of a long life spent in following vain shadows and delusive! myths; of children led astray by paternal in fluence ; of a' gentle wife deserted and" most deeply wronged, sleeping in her quiet grave, - under alien skies, and with no kindred dust around.: But the end is not far off ; very soon the husband and wife, parted by a false and cruel creed, will be re- united. The hand of death is ofttimes very" merciful. Even as the curse of labour, by God's grace turns to blessing, so the doom of deatli becomes the writ of manumission to those who live , for Christ, and dying, have found Him. ' Lady Jane once more lives; with her brother Eustace but not at Overdale. He could not bear that now ; besides the living has passed out of the Aylmer family; air i Eustace prefers to hold no fixed charge, but to preach' as am evangelist wherever the Lord's work may 'call him.- Rosamund -is still at St. Therese, no one knows much aboutiher; bat her brother Claude; now on the eve of his marriage with Helen Galbraith,' resolves to pay her an annual visit, and claim her freedom, should she desire it, by an appeal to the British Govenuent. Ernest remains a monk, and is noted for his bigotry and his bitter hatred of - Protestantism ! Claude in a true;believer now ; Agatha's "dying words wero blessed to him, and he has mercifully escaped the dismal, gulf of infidelity; towards which his course was tending. Ada Cherineryis as much cut off from her family sis if she had shared Rosamund's cloister ; she appears to be a verr unhappy woman, and in the bloom of life she is growing wizened, wan, and shrewish. And Roberta and her husband are working happily together ; the parish Church is crowded once more;: and inany of the old congregation have. returned to worship God after the manner : of their- fathers ; but thb Dene church is' full ; also," and- the -Methodists-are doing a great work at the Chiue. and all along the coast as far as Hoveness. In all 'three Churches the Word of truth is preached in simplicity and power ; all unite, as ' brethren and Christians, and great is the bles'seduess and peace of.Overdale, now that the . dark tempestuous clouds of error have rolled- away; and the Sun of righteousness shines upon its people, even as the earthly sun shines upon its woods, aud its breezy downs, and upon its glittering sead . . May God -grant us all " the knowing of .//is Truth;, and in'the world:to come life everlasting. Amen !" 1 ' . (Concluded. ) \- 1'uEACifiNCi.— The Scottish people had the wit -to value the' culture as well as the theology of tlie' Reformed, preachers,' arid the tradition ' of learning' which belonged to Puritanism -in fine days of ' Milton arid Melville has never been, broken in . Scotland ; but it was severed ik England by the' Ironside" captains and corporal?, who were the most savoury preachers ' of' 'their 'day. The 5 pious peasant in England' Oka? ; a suspicion 'of i learn ing— th >nks it unspiritual' - and. worldly. The' rudest Scotch congregation: likes college-bred, minister.- ' Sensible people' will admit that the Scotch forin the shrewder 'j'udg- nient 'of the two. Tlie reason is obvious. : .If'a 'preacher be spiritual; he can' be none the worse for heing able- to go to the fountain-head1 'of '"jiia doctrines.' If- he be unspiritual, lie is; more .tolerable with a few ideas in his head;' than. \- when -his ; whole stock-in- trade consists1 'df '"tlie \- rant-arid cant of ignorant pietism. ; ' "? . : ' :- ; . Beaconsfield's. D uplicity.— The 'magnificent resistance of- thei Englisli 'Prime Minister. to the cession of Batouni, says tlie Spectator tiifns'qut to be histrionic merely. He had the1 see'rht treaty in his pocket, and accordingly Batioam was given up. The Lazes; whom Dr. Humpfir&y; Sandwith- proves to ' be only a tribe of kid nappers, are lmrided over en 7)iasse to Russia. 