A Novel View of San Francisco. San Francisco calls itself a city ; but a city it is not. We delight to style ourselves cosmopolitan; cosmopolitan we are not. A cosmopolite is a citizen of the world, one whose home ijs in every place and who is attached to none. We have no such population. Now and then a stranger cornea and goes ; now and then are seen in onr streets the strange garb of some foreign person ; but the great bulk of our people are fixtures; some are fossils. Ours is a great, gossiping country village, smaller than a city larger than a hamlet Everybody knows every body ; everybody knows the business of every body else; good society has only one circle ; business men are all cogs of the same revolving machinery ; the city has only one centre where loungers and loafers meet, only one place where business converges. Its press are cats and dogs in tb« same basket. Its politicians flounder in the same filthy pooL The real fact is we are the smallest small-potato of a city in the United Sttates of America. This comes from our isolation ; we are so far from the world's great centre, so removed from the great throbbing arteries of trade and commerce, that we have but little in sympathy with the bustling active , world in which we do not live. Ours is a little aide eddy in the great' rushing stream of life where, lipe chips and bottles and apples; we swim around each other in eddying circles,exclaiming, "Behold how we apples awim!" Every shower is a storm, every breeze a tempest, every agitation an earthquake, every incident a sensation. We go from the depths of despair to the dizzy heights of over- sanguine expectation ; to-day we are in the doldrums, to-morrow on tiptoe with etultant hope. Stocks are down, real estate declines, business is dull, aud long-visaged mourners go about the streets. Stocks go up, real estate advances, business improves, and in anticipation the town smokes two-bit cigars, every gambler buys a fast team and drives to the C)if£ Like children we are tickled with straws, like school girls we are scared at ghosts. Some •mall scandal will amuse us for a day, but there Uj no scandal so small that it will not ripple through the whole circle of society from centre to circumference. One little sensation succeeds another in quick, succession, each sufficient for the time to absorb the entire attention of the entire town. When we are in the dumps we are the bluest of the blue, and think than San Francisco is going .to be desolated and ruined by Ffazer Hiver, Ooat Island, or Oakland ; when w+ are not, we boast in tones of loudest exulta tion of our future glowing prospects, of the trsde of the Orient, of gold and grain, of inex haitutible resources, of wine and wool, of huge vegetables, of a climate where flowers bloom every month in the year, of the apple and the pine apple, the olive and the vine, of milk and honey, and all is coultur dt rote.—Argonaut. DIAR QuuntlancUr, —Here is a good y»m for joUr funny column; I read it. when a very, small boy, but have never since seen it reproduced :— The Rev. John Brown of Haddington, the well known author of the self»interpretating Bible, was a man of singular basbiulness ; no surer testimony of this need be adduced than the fact that his courtship lasted seven years. Six years and a-bslf passed away, and Mr. Brown had got no farther,forward than he had been the first six days. A step in advance had to be made and Mr. Brown summoned all his courage for thf deed. "Janet," said he, as they sat in solemn silence, "we have been acquainted for six years and mair, and I've ne'er had a single kisa Vet, d'ye think I micht tak' ane, my bonny girl?' "Just as you like John," said Janet, " only be proper and becoming wi F it" " Surely, Janet, we'll ask a blessing." The blessing was asked, the kiss was taken, and the worthy Divine, perfectly overpowered with the blissful sensation, most rapturously exclaimed, "Oh, woman, it's gude t we'll return thanks." The ice having now been broken, six months saw them man and wife, and, added hia descendant, who humorously told the tale, a more pious couple ne'er spent a long and happy life together. Decorous as the London papers are, some of them have referred to the smallness of Lord Russell's fortune in such plain terms that there can be no harm in telling a story I heard of him some years ago. Everybody knows he was not rich, and not a good business man. He used to complain of the heavy expense he was put to on account of his official duties. One day he told his brother, the Duke of Bedford, that it cost him £15,000 a year to be Prime Minister. "But you can't spend £15,000 a year," r<m irked the Duke, "you haven't got it, or anything like it Besides, there's no great additional outlay from being Prime Minister. You have an extra carriage or two, and a few more hor«ea, and you give a number of dinners, all of which don't come to any vast sum." Lord John insisted, and finally the Duke proposed to him that his own steward should look over his books and accounts, and see what the real state of things was. " Because," said the Duke, " you are sure to be robbed, in any case, and it is worth while to find out how much." The steward presently reported that, as far as he could make out, the expenses traceable to office might amount not to £15,000, but—to £1,500 a year. This was duly reported by tug Puke to hia brother, upon which Lord John replied, " Well, I knew it was fifteen something f * No wonder that bis brother had occasionally to pay bis debts for him, Sut it may be said of Lord Russell, as Mr. OJadstone once said of himself, that if ha found little time to look after hia private aSure it was because he gave his time to. the public. When his foibles are forgotten, his great qualities will rtOl be remembered ; and so long as England is a powerful or a free country ehe must own her gratitude to Lord Russell for his immense services and unselfish patriotism.— London Corrtrpondent N. Y. Tribune. 