PRESENTATION AT MOONTA. Moonta, May 13. On Friday evening a handsome gold watch was presented to.Mr. G- A. Gardner, Accountant of the local branch of the Bank of South AUBtraiia,.by a number of friends on the occasion of his intended removal to Yorketown, where - a brarch is about to be opened. Mr. Gardner has been resident - in Moonta eight years, and- has l eeri deservedly esteemed and respected. He has taken "useful and active part in public Societies,particularly the Agricultural Society, to which he has rendered very efficient assistance. Speeches were delivered, and. Mr. Gardner's health drunk. The presentation was made by Mr. McClenaghar, the Manager of the National Bank.' Mr. C. A. Moody was Chairman of the neeting, which.was held at Assbeton's Hotel. THE THIFERANCE CAUSE.—The annual services in connection with the temperance cause w«re preached in the Temperance Hall, Tyntesireet, on Sunday afternoon, May 19, by the e Rev. J. G. Wright, who took for his text the words " Whoso breaketh a hedge a serpent shall bite him." part•>»•. • 8, x. Ecclesiastes. . The rev gentleman advocated total abstinence, and said • drunkenness was not sufficiently condemned by society, while men who committed ether crime> w<re scouted from its midst. An address on "What can be done for temperance'" was delivered the same evening in St Taul's Church by the Very Rev. the Dean of A de'aide, who, in his opening remarks, pleaded for perfect freedom of choice in becoming total abstainers, and said thst those who did not pledge themselves should consider that they "v ere bound to help in every way in grappling •with the evil of intemperance. The preacher tLen'remarked at some length upon the predisposing causes of iutemperance, such as impure air and excessive work, and spoke in favour' of tani f ary reform, early closing, and half holiday* as all helping the cause of temperance. He the a alluded in severe terms to same of the existing cricking customs as, for instance, the habit'o: ("hitife ; ijg at very siso' t intervals by travellers the lo^g lists of toasts at public dinners, ;\nd the custom of drinking in small quaatitii.-? 1 r>i odd times during the day. The Dean c n- ' eluded by saying—" The great, solemn, deeply religious conviction that must lie at the basis of all temperance in bodily habits is this—th i' Christ by taking the human body has sanctiae it. end we are not to desecrate it: that the bpdj of man is a temple of the Holy Ghost, an 1, wi j are not to defile it. This as regards ourselves : And PS regards others who are in sore need o; ': the help, who in this rocky pathway of life iar. j lj ing wounded and half dead, that we are" to minister to them as the wonnded members o: I Clirist's body, not doubting that He will ovra i: | p.mcng the true works of the kingdom; wa/ks: • ofmeicy, worlss of redemption, and say, 'Iiiis- ' mv.cl; as ye did it unto the least of these,!mj : bret! ren, ye did it unto.Me.' In all such efforts | you are helping on the fulfilment or the Swioiir't- : i?r.\\(-r that 'of those whom the Father had | givt ii Him Eot one should be lost.'" ISRR EOVEJTENTS AT POET ADKMDS. — ">V( I quote the iollowing from the Fort Addald, Kats:—" The Port Adelaide Corporation Wharf ^hich extends f om the Jervois Bridge up stream to the mouth of Tam O'Shant-er Ure&l;?, was built LS a landing-place for silt. Tlie Corpr rotion are taking cctive measures to convert this silt wharf into a first-classwharf for large sl'ifs. When finished it will probably lead to further wharf extension either towards the Old Port or up Tam O'Shanter Creek— perhaps both. It is quite possible that "large snips may be berthed on both sides of Tam O'Shanter Creek, from its mouth to the Port-road. Ctptniu Simpson, the lessee of 600 feet of the Northparade Wharf, h r -s renewed his lease of the oi lei portion of the wharf known sis the Old Queen's Wharf- for 13 years, and is having the front of the old s-tructure entirely re-piled with jarrah tirr.V.er. Mr. Wishfirt, the contractor for the work, is jrettina on rapid'y with the renovation, and very soon the Old Queen's Wharf will be as good as new, and ready for service agiin. The South Australian Company have a number of n~en at work excavating their new dock. The dock will have an area of 27 acres for shipsj and v ill extend back from behind the new wharf frontage i ecentlv referred to. near the site of the eld coalshed, towards the old powder magazine. The land to be excavated is a mangrove swamp dry at low water, but overflowed by high tides Any o"e wishing to understand what practical men mean by Port Adelaide's capabilities of improvement should view the site of the proposed dock l-ow and iiote thit it differs in no way as regards engineering facilities from many square miles of neighbouring land on both sidc-s of the river or creek, and virw it again when the noclt will be finished ami full of ships. The e-irtlfrcm the excavation will be pl3.eed so :;s to form ra ; sed streets and what will be the solid portio • of tlie future wharf®,r«ilways, and frontiges ftr fLops and stores. The entrance to the dock will he near the site of tlie old coalslipd ; a broid street whi< h will separate the dock, from th-* prnppr'y of the Commercial Wharf Oompiny "ill rim eastward from the ri-er frontigo so a-? !o intei8ect a line drawn by a continuition of St. Vincent- street." FIBE BKIGADE?.—The Port Adelaide and Glanville firebrigades turned out for practice on Saturday ? fternoon, May 18, when the men ;>T peered for tie first tiire : n their new uuifoims The spot chosen was the Minories, Port Ade laidp, where the Deputy Superintendent, Mr. T Sanders, explained the nature of the duties required of the brigades; and excellent practice was had in fixingthereels and charging the same with water. One distinguishing feature we understand of the Port and Suburban brigades is that with each reel there is an employe of the Waterworks department, who has a daily acquaintance with the position and nature of every waterplng in his locality, an advantage which must be apparent where much depends upon expedition. GLENETLG JETTY.—The repairs to this jetty were finishedon Saturday. At the outer end some of the softwood decking has been removed and replaced with -hard wood. A continuation of tlie low-water land Lag-stage to the outer steps has been made. The hand rails on both sides of the jetty have been firmly bolted down, and all the faulty places thade good. One great improvement which will be' appreciated by visitors to Glenelg is that a' number of new seats have oeen erected, extend-, ing nearly the whole length of the north ^side and all round the end of the jetty. 