MR. THOMAS SHAW AND MR. DWYER. M.I.A. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-I have read an effusion signed "Thomas Shaw" in your issue of to-day, in which I am favoured with several references. I presume this is the Thomas Shaw who has been announced as a candidate to oppose either Mr Longmore or myself, or perhaps both, at the next elections. If my surmise be correct, I think it rather unfair to those candidates who, like myself, have to pay for their electioneering advertisements, that Mr Shaw should be allowed by your paper to gratuitously advertise himself by means of lengthy epistles published by you. Now for the matter of Mr Shaw's letter. He sets out by professing that he is "unac- quainted with any of the (100) parties to the matter on which he writes. How Quixotically chivalrous is Mr Shaw to run tilt at the successful applicant out of a hundred, when there is only ono out of the remaining 99 who complains The facts are shortly these. I commend them to Mr Shaw A farmer named Munro, near Mortlake, holding a small number of acres of inferior land, and having a large family to provide for, finding his acreage insufficient for their sup port, sets about him among the neighbour ing large runs to look for a piece of land available for selection At last he finds a suitable allotment, and applies for it. So soon as it becomes known that the land is open for selection a hundred applicants apply for it. The chairman of the land board is a large landholder, and he recommended the land to be given, not to Munro-the person who found the land originally, and who was the first to apply to the Lands department for it-but to a person named Tholborn, who, I believe, was a former employe of a Mr Arm- strong, the largest landholder about Mort- lake I do not say, however, that Thol- born was not a bona-fide applicant. I believe he was a bona-fide applicant, but so were the other 98 applicants, and why the chairman should have selected Tholborn for recommendation in preference to any of the other 08, and to the exclusion of Munros prior claim, I presume he and Mr Shaw best know. Upon this Munro called upon me. I advised him to appeal to the Minister. He did so. None of the other 98 appealed. The appeal was heard and argued publicly in the boardroom, Melbourne, in the pre- sence of Munro and Tholborn, Mr Byron Moore conducting the case for Tholborn. After hearing both sides Mr Longmore reserved his decision, so as to obtain a further report from the officers of his depart ment Ultimately, he decided to give the land to Munro. Why Mr Longmore should have ever hesitated about giving the land to Munro I cannot understand. Munro, by being the first to find the land, was, in my opinion, as much entitled to it as he would be to a goldfields claim had he been the first discoverer Mr Shaw says that Mr Longmore has committed "a gross injustice to upwards of 100 persons," because " the state benefited to the tune of upwards of £100, as each ap plicant deposited his £1, for which they had not the ghost of a chance." The answer is that each applicant knew at the time that only one could get the land and that there must be 99 disappointed ones Iheyraade their applications with their eyes open But why are those 99 persons to be singled out to have their money re- turned to them alone? Mr Shaw ought to know that the deposits of £1 tach were made under legal regulations, and that every unsuccessful applicant in the colony is as much entitled to the return of his money as any of the 99 Mortlake applicants. My own opinion is that the regulation shouId be re- moved , but Mr Shaw does not ask for this. He asks for special exemptions. I am not personally acquainted with Mr Shaw, but to judge of him by his literary style, I fancy his other pursuits must have absorbed any time that he might otherwise have devoted to mental culture, for which, I am charitable enough to suppose he may possess a basis. The manner m which Mr Shaw (an exem plar, no doubt of his class) writes about a Minister of the Crown shows the respect he has for the office and for the Crown under which the office is held. It is often desirable to discuss matters of public interest by means of correspondence in the press, but often the correspondence on one side is couched in such scurrilous language that one does not care about lowering oneself to the level of the writer. My excuse for noticing Mr Shaw's latest contribution to polished literature is that your paper has honoured me by publishing no less than five references to me in Mr Shaw's communication. -Yours &c;, JEREMIAH DWYER. Aug 17. THE Calcutta correspondent of The Times reportB that news has reached India that the Russians are endeavouring to press an Em- bassy upon the Ameer of Cabul, up to this time, however, unsuccessfully. 