Important Action under the j Impounding Aot. ?Fambs Cmkton, currier, r. William Barton. South Qundagni. This waa an »ctinn ngainst a ponndkonpor to rocovar £H0 damngai f.ir illognlly impounding perca hrad of cattle. It nppearod from ;tbo cruonco .that the plaintiff wan » cirrinr, and defendant was n pRUiiiUceoper at 8onth Onndugai. On Sunday, Ifnrcb I lth, plainl ilTt team, consiming of nino horses, in chargo of It is son and George Warden, cam lied near Wnrwiliriil.m'. publiclioiiBO; tho lioriCB wore lurnod out -to water, and wore snWij.ii'ntfy luiined; they were seen aftcrwardu in the pound yard, ami defendant, in r'ply to quea ^wii'iid, miiu i,k- j nviu mri. lill|JIIUIl'JU(J, oni 111 at they woro piacxd there by tho hordj min anil cou'd not bo 'rjinuvod uulil ho ;ff»« con6iilt?cl ; ' W'ri!-n miij ydnn? Clif ton d,-o1iiifd t - liiuk for (he herdtman, bolioring Dint (he LuraoB were boing fll'-ga'ly detained; the next morning thoy'wcrj ro'oagfd by |)1ainti(T,,15s. doing oliargod an pound Iqufj Jho .p)jainUC'.pi- li mat I'd the damages snaUinnd liy tho .hnrsni nt £b, nnd liia Ions of ti'no at £i. liiii Honor gatro a ycr.liot for tho plain tiff. Ue kni-w no nothing nbnut hornen, -nd he connidurcd tlio plniiililf fl astimutn of his lo-e was rnatoiialila, and tho vor. diet .would thcrof.jru bo for ^9 15x. 6--mn peculUr nolinns in regurd to tbu coinnion« appeared to prevail nt South Oundagni, nnd also in regard to tlio riglitB to impound. The poundkonpor knew it was i'l-gul to impound on n Sunday, nnd tlio prscUoa soomai In be to put the caltlo in-tliii pound yard* on Sun day, but nut form illy to impound tticrn until Hi' following day. Ndw thia m«y be hash luvr, but it nan not tho law of the land. Tho impounding of travelling cattle or horsng, a« in (ho |-c-!«onl cu-o, «'' fjuibc iiic^»i, miq no trusted cnoeuiior of the Uundngni Titnon, wlipm ho saw in tho Court, would diroct tho attention of the public to tho uialter. Tbe f|grd sec tion of the 4-h chapter of tbe rogolations framed nnder tbe Landi Aot Amond roent Aet of 1876 irai as follows: — wruuH ui voiuiaona win roaorfo the right of pantnrage of horsoi and cattle in ate by trarellon, teamiteri, and carriow, for tbreo days at any one time, or for ?nob longer period as flood or other no for«8on natural camea may render ud aroidable.' In regard to temporory oommons.the 78th section of chapter VII. of the said ragulatiom aaid;— 'Turn porary ponimonage. may, wlially, or. in -?^ijr^ibotit'lrrdiri -ftiA, leiw e9 -ct oilier piir^ jioiet j ,»nd *b.all j-e oppn to the f tsitar- ?gejpf howei end cattle in uio oftfaval eM,. leamatera, 1 Bbd ' carrier*, f»r throe faaysatnny one time,' ' This was the law, bat tba trmtfloi appeared to be nn dur ihe iinpreasio r Hint tbo comnons were f«-r tl eir own prirala Die, — Gundo- gai Times.' ;. ' ?; Tiri? TlAnnn nf Va-M4Mi»..11) ? bala have appojnted Mr. Charle« Joshua Dudley to 'bt poundkoepcr at Bombala, vice William Harvey Dud ley, deceased,— such appointment to take effect from tbe 18th day of June last. . ' Qum Sim tapped a Chinaman named Ah Wahovcr the right temple with a bottle at the Albury Chinese Camp last Sunday week, and 'Ah Wah gave up the ghost next day. iHPAanAL.— Newr Curate (who wishes to know all about his parish ioners)— ' Then do I understand you that your aunt is on your father's side; or your mother's ? ' Country lad : ' Zometimes one an' sometimes the other, 'cepting' when feyther whacks 'em both, sir.'— -Punch. Pauca Veba.— Robinson (after a longwhUt bout at the club), 'It's awfully Ute, Brown; wnat will you i^j.*g.y5iu^wife t.' :?-; Brown (in a whisper) :' ' 'On,. I shan't say much, you know—' Good morning, doar'or «mothingof that soH. Sho'U Bay the rest,' 