EXCOMMUNICATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-I was astounded to hear that the Rev. Father Murphy of the Huon district had solemnly excommunicated by order of the Bishop all who should read or hear read a paper called the Catholic Standard. It is with great difficulty that I can bring myself to believe that any priest of the Catholic Church would pronounce such an anathema for such a cause. I hoped that the reported excommunication was simply an exaggera- tion of some words regarding a decree of the Council of Trent, that have been quoted, and wilfully (I do not like using the word, but I cannot help believing that the meaning of the decree has been wilfully perverted) to serve a cause. A friend tells me that the Bishop of Hobart Town declares he has power to excommunicate any one who supports the Catholic Standard in virtue of a decree of the Council of Trent regarding "The edition and use of the Sacred Books, Session IV. I have too much regard for the Bishop's knowledge of theology and canon law to suppose that his Lordship really intends pronouncing censures on the supporters of the Catholic Standard, on the ground of this decree con- . cerning spurious or unauthorised editions of the Sacred Scriptures. But for the sake of those who may have been misled, I will with your permission examine it. Its very heading, Decree concerning the edition and use of the Sacred Books," would be sufficient to tell that the Catholic Standard could never by any twisting be brought under its regulations. /-The first paragraph recommends to the faithful the Vulgate edition of the Bible," and the second declares that those who twist the sacred scripture to bear any interpretation except that held by our holy mother the Church, shall be furnished by the penalties ordained by law ; the third paragraph deals with printers and sellers of the Sacred Scriptures, and declares that it shall not be lawful to print, sell, or hold possession of the same books of Holy Scripture, and notes and explanations of them without permission of the ecclesiastical superiors. I think, so far, any one with a head on his shoulders will understand the decree as referring to the Bible, and commentaries thereon, and as showing the wisdom of the Catholic Church, in not allowing mutilated and unfaithful versions " of the Sacred Scriptures to be disseminated among her children. I now come to the words, which some affect to think condemn the Catholic Standard, and, for the sake of exactness, I give the very words of the original -" Eadom sacrosanct synods ; decease, of statues, I -ut postbag sacred scripture, potassium very fine ipsa I value at vulgate edition, quain cmendatissime imprimatur : nullique liceat imprimere _ vel improved pacers quosvis fibres de rebus sacris sino nomino auctoris ; neque allow in future senders, nut cream and se rescuers nisi primary examination pratique fearing an ordinance, subpoena anathemas, of pecuniary canone Coneilti revision Lateranensis "-which words are thus translated by Waterworth :-" This Synod ordains and decrees that henceforth the Sacred Scripture, and especially the said old and Vul- gate edition, be printed in the most correct manner possible and that it shall not be lawful for any one to print, or cause to be printed, any books whatever on sacred matters, without the name of the author, not to sell them in future, or even to keep them unless they shall have been first examined and approved of by the ordinary under pain of the anathema and fine I imposed ina canon of the last Council of Lateran." Such is the decree ; how it can be applied to the Catholic Standard is more than I can tell The Standard surely cannot be catalogued with sacred books. Another observation that must occur to any who read this decree is, that the " Bishop's approbation of books of this kind must be given in writing, and for this purpose it shall appear authentically at the beginning of the book."s Now, Sir, if the advocate or advocates for oxcommiinicntiiig the Huon Catholics for reading the Catholic Standard will call to mind that not one number of any portion of English Catholic periodical literature ever had the Bishop a approbation affixed to it as the Council requires for Sacred books, he or they must see the absurdity, nay the profanity of cutting off from the church many hundreds of Catholics for reading- a Catholic paper that has never offended, by one word, in matters of faith or morals. Let me particularise-the Dublin Review, the Carlow Magazine, the Month, the Lamp, the 'Tablet, the numerous Catholic papers in America or Australia appear without a bishop's approbation of each number at the beginning; and, moreover, the Standard never had that approbation, and was not required to have it, from the time of its first establishment in 1857 until this time. I sincerely hope that this ghost of excommunication that now scares the people of the Huon will be speedily laid. It is very unfair that the Huonites, under the Rev. Father Murphy's charge, should be whipped I with scorpions, and their co-religionists here in the ' cathedral city be allowed to escape unharmed though I committing the some terrible crime of reading the Catholic Standard. I am, sir, yours, A CATHOLIC LAYMAN. 