THE VILLAGE SEXTON, Br James Greenwood. (THE "AMATUER CASUAL.") Although the occupation of Jacob Marlow was that of a sexton, it cannot be claimed for him that the melancholy nature of his duties had a depressing effect on his spirits. This,' however, was not surprising. Jacob's father before him had been sexton of old Witchburn, and Jacob was left motherless at a very tender age, which perhaps accounted for his unsociable, not to say Burly, disposi tion, and for the fact that boya of his own age m the village declined his companionship. Bnt the sexton's son was not cast down by this. So long as he had his father to talk to, and to tell him, as he stood by and watched him digging, graves, whose skull this was, and what kind of man it could have been to whom that particularly long lee-bone belonged, he was sufficiently amnsed- If A. A.1. — _V.. ihaalf f maiiotiaJ kins JUII tons VIUHW1JWU >n.«WMvia a. am. him a playground, and playmates as well. The tombstones were his familiar cronies, and he knew them all by the names inscribed upon them. Old Jacob, his father, .half: buried in a hole and with only his red night cap visible above the rank weeds, would omen covertly watch his only son playing "over- backB" with ' the monumental dabs, and laugh till the. team ran down his followed features to .hear the meny little fellow call on " Job "Wilkins, aged 81," to "tuckin his tuppenny," or Tabitha Pringle, spinster, to " keep a stiff hack." Yonng Jacob, with bis parent's assistance, had learnt the rudiments of his education from the tombstones, and it used' to tickle old Marlow immensely, when a: -stranger asked the little lad .to eay his letters, to hear, htm, ' instead of Ar B C, commence with "H-e-r-e 1-y-e- t-h," until he got as for into " Here lyeth the ranains," Ac., as made up the nnmber Of characters ascribed to the alphabet. It is not to be wandered at, there fore, that Jacob Marlow, junior — onr Jacob — grew to be a man hard at heart, and with no sort of reverence for (he dead. Not bat the sexton . had a, visage of. professional solemnity all ready to put on and wear when occamon required. At the Identical time he is introduced to the reader occasion had required it. Did Lady Kavensbeck, the last ed a long line of her race, .and from time immemorial pcpipywg the andent mmior house' at Witehbum, after 'having attuned fin immense -age,- had died, ieha -'waSitemed that'd&y.-; iTbere waamot qm$h Jove.ilofrt between the Witchhuhi villgas .anjd her ladyship. . She had. for years past been reputed a soar imd eccentric old person, .ana meartSndmieeriy to thatdegree that, cxeqifc;" ing the few rooms ehe occupied at the manor house with her oneaged femaleattendant, 11 dae hafi been aRowedto fall to decay. No.pne bad remembered her ladyship ever grvmg away A shilling ' -in -bounty, or subscribing (he smallest sum to Any local charity, i JI ground 'Vaults, jnhile (fibers arid she' was but ptxirj hsving ibeen wett-bifi mined 74>y-ie rascaUynSna«r,who finally hadgone abroad land -sMjAkm. 4hyfo hers.waa.jmw desA (huryBid aeed, jBCob wfaietlea as he put away bis spades, and picks, and ropes- and rollers' in the old tool'-honse that stood in an . angle bf the wall, nearly hidden by a" growth of rank ivy. His job concluded, he sat on a bench-to., contemplate his recent good. lack. He took Ms tiyo haK-wvereigns from bis day-jdained waistcoat po&iet;, mid spin them in the air and caught them again." Die Bavensbeck family vault was visible from the tool-house window, and winking in that direction, said Jacob: "I never thought to be a pound in . pocket through yoor lady ship, or to have the privilege of drinking a 1 glass at yonr expense oh Christinas Eve, which PR take the liberty of doing as soon as I've locked np. And, talking of Wiring up," continued Jacob Marlow, fishing in bis jacket pocket, anicl producing the key of the Bavensbeck vault the lawyer had handed to him, " What shall I do with this little article? 'Yon may. as well pat it somewhere where yon will be able to lay yonr hand on it in case it should ever be wanted again, which iB very unlikely,' said he. But what's the good keeping it ? The old lock itself is nearly rusted through, and in a few years will be eaten away entirely. A key without a lock is like a mouth without meat — no good at all. Keep it, indeed I Pd take a groat for it." 'Til buy it I" Jacob Marlow was sitting with his hack to the open door of the tool-house, and the startling utterance of these words caused him to leap to his feet and face round. The sight that met his gaze was not reassuring. There, as it were framed in the doorway, was the figure of a man. A stranger to Old Witchburn, as Jacob Marlow disrovered at a glance. A tall man, enveloped from his head to his heels in a black coat, and wearing, on his head a slouch, broad rimmed cap of dark cloth, which concealed the upper part of his foes, disclosing only the crisp black beard that 'covered his chin, the beak-like curve of a hooked nose, and lips thin, Hose set, and white as paper. Judging from the strength and firmness of the stranger's voice, he could not yet have advanced beyond the prime of life. " Do yon take my bidding, Jacob Mar low!" continued the intruder before the former could recover. " Come, Pm not ' a hard one to deal with ; I'll doable the price yon offered the key at. I'll go farther than that a long way, I'll give yon five guineas for it ; ana if you're the man of business I take yon to be, yon will shake hands on that and say done." As he spoke, in "a pleasant and easy kind of way, though his voice was not the pleasantest that ever was heard, the tall man in black put aside the folds of his cloak, and tendered Jacob Marlow a band bony and long, and as white as his lips. As already intimated, no one who knew . the sexton of Old Witchburn could say that he was a timid or nervous man ; hut there are circumstances in the face of which the most courageous are apt to quad — especially when taken on a suddmi. "I was not in earnest, sir," ejaculated Jacob Marlow, in a n unsteady voice. " Yon, too, were joking — of conifig if I may make hold to tell yon so, the sexton continued, as he gained a little courage. " Yon may not be aware that a very solemn ceremony has taken plaoe here this afternoon ?" "There yon are mistaken, my friend," replied the mysterious stranger ; no one has greater reason to be aware of what von mention than myself, otherwise I should not have bid for the key." " Nonsense ; I was only joking, Itellyon," said the sexton. ' ' Nevertheless, I must have it." " Mast is a hard word, master," replied Jacob, now almost himwif again, and slip ping the key into his pocket., "Show a better right to it than I have, and it shall then be yours ; not before." " You are aware whose property it is ?" " Aye, indeed. If it comes to that, those whose property it is are never likely to claim it," returned the sexton, with a grim laugh. " Yon mean to say that it properly belongs to the Ravens becks T' ' '.Of whom the last of the race was placed in there, and not two hours since," til Jacob, nodding his head in the direction of the vault. " Have a care for yonr soul, Jacob Mariow, and don't tell lies on consecrated ground," spoke the stranger, in a voice of of such strange quality that it was impossible to say whether it was meant to be funny or severe ; bnt, at the same moment, the unaccountable personage did something that was by no means fanny ; with a rapid move ment he removed from his head the cap before alluded to, and Jacob Marlow gasped in affright. The face revealed was that of a Havens- beck 1 There were the deep-set. piercing eyes, the marble-like narrow forehead, the finely shaped nose, with (he carved nostrils ; hat, over all, there seemed to play a grid, the counterpart of which the sexton had seen on no human face in all his life-long experience. In an instant the cap was re placed. "Now, the key if you please 1" and the spectral figure tapped impatiently against the door-post with his hard finger- nails ; the hand they were attached to showing winter by reason of the deepening gloom of the even- ingtwilight. The sexton was strangely agitated. He was not superstitious. He mew ghost stories and goblin legends by the dozen, but, though in company he told them with becoming gravity, in private he laughed at them, and at everybody who was fool enough to believe in (hem ; bnt he was taken aback now. That the presence was that of a Ravens- beck he- could not for a moment doubt. Bnt if, -as he: had heard the . lawyer himscTf declare, there was not another Bavensbeck of that family remaining on earth, where in (he name pf all that was perplexing did this one' come from! - Conld It be possible that, after all, his disbelief in ghosts was unwarranted j and that, while the vault door was open, the spirit of some long since buried member of the family, yearning for one mere glimpse of the earth it formerly . ".I've no time to waste" - the .stranger. prose m on urn, sexxons-cusairoing. specu lations, ' ' my business is pressing. " , " Yon wish to go into the vault?" faltered Jacob Marlow. "Precisely." " You. are .derirous of returning to the. bosom,-— I ahotild say, to that seclusion in' whichypnr family is xepdting ?" ' ' "I wish yon to return to your senses, you simpleton," remarked the mysterious one in anything hut .a ghostly voice. "Camp, you are a man of the world, Jacob .Marlow, and so am L" " I'm delighted to hear it, sir," said the the sexton, mnch relieved. "How much a year do you get here in the shape of wages ?" . . . "Forty pounds, '.air. Call it fifty with" odds, ends and amidl. perquisites," replied Jacob, meddy. ' " "Exactly. Well, what do yon say to earning a year's wages, perquisites and all, inaeonpfeof hsnra?" . The sexton, who by nature wasas greedy a man as ever lived, pricked np his ears at hearing this. . : " Beady money, do yon mean," he asked. " Money down— in gold." The sexton's .hearing, was -acute, and, as the stranger uttered the words last recorded, Jacob fancied he heard a chinking beneath the black qlitik. " You have got the money with yon" he ; remarked, with a .glance in the direction fromwhieh the pleasant aouhd'Tiad pro- " Yea ; battids isn't it;" andas he spoke, hewithdrew, from the -cloak a leather fog,' and gave it a shake, "these are the, topis." "The toalsj". repeated Jacoh. Morlow, with a fresh spawn of nervousness. " The tools ; and the sooner you put me in the way of using, them the sooner the fifty pounds fihaU'be yours. ' HeresThehmotaey !" And, takmg a long'leather purse from an innerrpocket,ijhe ppnred its. golden contents into the hollow pf hia ltn, left hand until it was brimming frdL . ' ' ... , The sexton drew a deep breath,1ind''JiiB eyes grew biggei- as he regarrled 'tHe tempt- i j'TS me, " eaid he a ' " what are the tools in the bag for?" ' "To open a coffin," retnriled the'strangeri promptly- : I. ' And aicoM ®hto£ sweatbroke outpnJacth'efMchead: R;"Hei;SPlacoe<5fcfifc WBs.daidin tea&MwgsMg; «ome hap .ti>-do ; - and iUD, as yen ban been already, told, "willing to pay handsomely for the privilege.'' "But you'll never be able to do it. It's solid oak first, and then sound half-inch lead. Betides," added he, his conscience making a strong'effbrt, 'it would sacrilege." V" Fifty sovereigns; ailjaew'aa when minted, and all to be earned so easily !" remarked the stranger abstractedly, "and as though making's confidential communication to him self. " The »ti must be a fool if he lets (hem pass him." "Bnt tell me this," said Jacob. Marlow, who, with alarm, had overheard the stranger's muttered words : "Do— do yon want to take it away with you !" "What, the money?" " No : the body— the old lady's body ?" The man in the coat laughed grimly. " I am obliged to you for the suggestion, ' my good friend," said he, " but I beg to be exoraed. All that I require is to take a last farewell look at my aged - relative — that privilre, for reasons I need not disclose, having bran denied me during my existence. Take my word for it, my affectionate yearn ing gratified, I trill leave things so exactly as I find them, (hat the undertaker himself should he unable to discover that anyone has been tampering with his handiwork." "You'd want plumber's toofe for that," said the sexton. " I've got plumber's tools," rejoined the other, coolly. And with that he unlocked the black leather-bag, and disclosed quite an array of chisels, and miniature crowbars, and a new steel saw, with soldering 'irons and plenty of solder, and some charcoal. " Quite prepared, you see," said he : "all I want is something to make a fire in — that you will have to find! Matches I have, and candles. How is the ventilation of the vault?" " All the better for (he hour or two of fresh air it had this afternoon," replied the sexton. "Good, I won't trouble you for a few hours. Shall we say between eleven and twelve to-night, this being onr meeting place? We are less likely to be disturbed then than at an earlier hour." "I am not so sure of that," replied Jacob Marlow, the thought suddenly occurring to him,. " Surety yes. Why not ?" " The ringers will be here." "Ehe ringers ?" "Aye. To ring the Christinas joy hells." " Curse 'em !" ejaculated the cloaked stranger, with a diabolical scowl. "Well, I won't go as far as that, air," replied Jacob, whose feelings of awe and dis like for the man in the cloak were strangely mingled with an irresistible itching to Have those fifty sovereigns, come what might. " I wouldn't go as for as cursing 'em. Some of them are old friends of mine, and " " Is there one amongst them who will give you fifty pounds?" interrupted the other almost fiercely — "is (here one of the beggarly crew able to fend yon five?" "I'm afraid not; bnt that's no reason why they ehould be—" " Why they should be cursed !" and the man in the cloak uttered a short laugh that j seemed to vibrate through the whole length of Jacob MarlowV spine ; "yon .are right there, sexton," said he,' "there is no need for carting the wretch who is poor. There is no blessing hat gold, my friend- He who lacks (hat, lacks all He . who has it, has all. Let me ask yon, Jacob Marlow, did you ever go a-borrowing?" wen, sir, x csu » ueity uut uum» uuve vr twice " " Was yon ever told, by those yon would have borrowed of, to go to the devil ?" " Well, now you mention it," returned the sexton, who seemed under a strange spell to answer candidly every question the -other asked htm — "Now yon mention it, when once I asked old Chippings, (he wheelwright, to lend me half-a-crown, the words yon mention were the veiy ones he did use. Go to the devil I' said the surly old hunks. I remember it well." " And did you go !" asked the stranger, shaiply. "What, to (he— the Old on? Certainly not. Why should I ?' " For (hue reason, Jacob Marlow," and (he stranger in the cloak took the sexton by the collar of bis jacket, that he might whisper the words in his ear ; " because he's just the individual to pnt yon in the way of getting what (he wheelwright refused yon. Goto him— go to (he devil, I mean, Jacob— go to him earnestly, and with steady determina tion to take the advice he gives yon, and he'll never fail you, take my word for it. Take Aiaword for it." And with as mnch of his face as was visible looking particularly satanic, the stranger took out the long leather purse again, and jingled it close to (he sexton's face. " That's his voice, Jacob. You'll know it when yon hear it again, which, if all goes well, will be before, or shortly after, the bells in (he grey old steeple yonder chime midnight." And, leaving his bag of tools behind him, he strode off, and it being now quite dark, before he had taken ten paces, he was lost to Jacob Harlow's view amongst the tombstones. For at least half an hour after his myste rious visitor (had taken his departure, (he sexton of Old Witchburn sat in the dark tool house, pondering and puzzling. What did it all mean ! . Withthestianger'slastoneortworemarks still ringing in his ears, Jacob was for the first few minutes strongly of opinion that it was all a device of Satan for getting him, Jacob Marlow, into his clutches. A little mlm reflection, however, went far towards dissipating (his unpleasant idea. If the father of evil had designs against him, what necessity was there to set about it in (his roundabout way? That there was a bad place as well as a good place for people when they departed this life, Jacob, of course, believed ; bnt supposing it to be old lady Ravensbecfa hard fate to be assigned the fonner, it was against all known- precedent that the powers -of darkness should find it necessary to operate oh the doomed person's coffin, and to procure ordinary tools for the ni?hey were ordinary tools. The key was still in the lock, of (he bag, and, to settle this _i! T_ -1. - A.t. ._'J - ??L - L?a question, o acou Hbrutix a iiuiwu ouu ui> a U1I> of candle. Yes, there was nothing Satanic about the tools.- The. chisels were branded " Mutch kin,- maker, Sheffield- " The label inside the bag— which was new— told that j it had been bought from " John Podgeraon, gorbnanteau maker, High Street, Blooms- Rral enough. , And then again— the fifty sovereigns ! They were real enough beyond a doubt. Jacob' hoped he knew the chink of good gold, (he winced a little when it crossed his mind what the stranger, had said about the said chinking being the voice of the devil,) find fifty pounds was a Jatge amount. Still, Ion (he. other hand, it would be far better to forego even such a noble' sum as that, if there was the least danger that by handling' it his hereafter would be unfavourably in fluenced. . And/the end of it was, that Jacob having hidden (he leather bag. locked up the tool-house, and made his way to (he " Ravehsbeck Anns," to warm himself with a glass or two of rum, and deliberate over the matter with a pipe of tobacco. . He could not have formed a more unwise resolution, if he really desired to make the perpfexing_question a subject of unbiassed debate. The more rum Jacob drank .the more his courage rose, and themorehefelt dis posed to pooh-pooh his earlier, superstitious misgivings , What, after all, was it to him what the stranger wanted with the old Iwomah's coffin. Some family matter, pro bably, -that could -harm no :one. At. all: events, no one' need know anything about it, and fifty pounds would make bun asplen- , did Christmas-box. And Jacob' drank rum and more'ram until the ringers, on their way to the church, looked, in, and Jacob stood treat to them. It was striking eleven when the bell ringers took fhefr1dsparture,sud shbrtiy afterwards' the ' sexton bade the company 'good night. He did aiof go home, though: He went round by the churchyard wicket gate, and made his way .to the tool, house, (he. had. brough t wifo him more ran, a fall pinl of it — iri-i twttle,) and put dcbuple of 'grave planks iagainst the window that the Sigh within .might not die:- seen,. ' -.He had , done with.qualms pf conscience. Hp meant going inf orthefifty pbiinds, and his onlyfesr now wai, that the 'stranger migbt 'ifot keep kis ; $5564 a -kB -dM gaislResgggua hnuioLiiie :ijda»dfriFHr Hid' '(htrcoal from.thhleaiher bagraniBtxHi there wasaa gfowsBjfite. Then he thrust in the two soldering irons, and by the time he had done this there came a quick knuckle -rapping at the tool-house dbor, and there was the stranger again: ' By thia time the ringers Th the old beGry were hard at it, ding flung 'to their hearts' contest. v - .. The .visitor glanced zpund; with, a -nod (of approval, and evidently bent on speedy busi ness,' slipped off his cloak add turned batik' tbe cuffs of his coat. "Yon are an excellent fellow, Jacob;" said he, '"and I am much obliged .to yon. With yonr assistance, our little job may be got through in less than an hour." " Shall yon want me with yon in the vault?" the sexton asked. In . reply to thin simple question, the stranger turned on Jacob Marlow with- such an emphatic "No !" (hat 'there was no possi bility of misunderstanding him "All that I wish yon to do is to unlock the door ; to carry the fire-pot and the tool- bag inside, and to light these two candles. That done, you may sit here and devote your self to your pipe and to that bottle on (he shelf there, — and with whose month and yoor own, unless I wn?»f.alr<>nJ there has been recent anamtrHifio tintfl it is all over, and I join yon again." "And hand over the parse," remarked Jacob Marlow. "I may as well do that' at once," replied (he stranger ; "it may keep yon in good humour and amuse yon to count its con tents, and reckon up how many times it will enable you to get drunk. Yon ahonldnt drink, Jacob. . You've been at it to- night pretty heavily, I see. It's a weak thing to do." Now Jacob Marlow was by no means an intemperate man, and possibly he would have resented the stranger's insinuation, bnt the pnrse served as ample salve for the injury, and with many grateful thanks he stowed it in a safe pocket. In less than five minutes the stranger was alone in (he vault with his tools and the fire-pot and the soldering irons ; and Jacob Marlow was again in the tool- house, listening with all his might to the scarcely audible sounds of rasping and tapping, and wondering what was going on behind the massive old door, whitib;was-, closely shut to. The longer he listened, the more curious he grew. " There would be no harm in peeping through the key hole," Jacob muttered to himself presently and impatiently. "Con found (he fellow ! Any one would tEmt- from the way in which I do his bidding by sitting here, that I was afraid of him." Nevertheless before he could put the sud den resolve into execution, he found it neces sary to apply again to the rum bottle, gulping down the fiery liquid it contained aa freely as though it were water. Then he crept softly to the door of the vault, and . bent his long back to bring his eye to a level with the lock. For frilly a minute he kept it there; and with singular effect. His hands, which rested on his knees, trembled ; his Iras shook ; his entire body seemed convulsed like that of a man who is palsy stricken. Then he gradually assumed an upright- posture ; his face blanched white as marble, and his eyes staring straiwely. He uttered no word or sound, but with his lips tightly compressed and his strong arms folded acroaa his chest, aa though trying to keep down some rebellious emotion, he paced to mid fro stealthily and noiselessly. Then, as though tbe fascination were stronger tbsit his will, he stooped and peeped again. - J-nisame, nowever, not tor a minute,— not for a quarter of a minute. But the fere he drew away from the door had changed again and for the worse. It was amply an appalled face before,— no wit wasamadfece. His features -twitched ; hie eyes seemed to emit fire. Noiseless as a cat, he slipped back to the tool shed, and . in a few momenta emerged therefrom, armed ' with a heavy wooden mallet. He did not pamie or hesitate. . : - The door of the vaalt was pushed close to, but in no way fastened, and with one" thrust of his muscular shoulder (he sexton drove it wide open, and in an instant ureemng the threshold swung it close again. The ringers in the belfry were now warmed to their work. It was just on the stroke of midnight, and they were working themselves np to do their lusty best to do honour to the first few minutes iff Christinas morning. The bells made each a clanging and jangling that it must have been a loud noise indeed that could be heard in the midst of then- din. Dingdong, ding dong, from the grey tower; and it was twelve o'clock, and the ringers, pan si tig a little that the feet might be known to the listeners in the village, applied them-: selves again to the ropes with vigour. They were still making merry music when it was a quarter past twelve, and when Jacob Mar low emerged from the vault— alone I In such a violent hurry too, and with such desperate eagerness, that he almost stumbled on his face as he closed (he vault-door with out once looking behind him. Stumbled and kept on stumbling, although he knew every hillock and evmy stone as well as one knows the whereabouts of the furniture of his room; crouching and running, until the wicket gate was passed and the highway gamed, and in a few minutes he was in the little cottage where he lived all alone, with (he street door locked and bolted, and further barri caded with a heavy table. 'Without lighting a candle, Jacob Marlow crept np stairs to his bedroom and hurried into bed. But it was only to lie with his eyes and ears wide open, starting and listen ing in affright whenever the wind made the letch of the street door rattle, or when three was a rambling in the chimney. At last, when "Good Lord ! the key! Where's the key f ' He lit the' candle how, though with his hands shaking so it took him a long time to accomplish the job. He searched in his pockets, he examined the stalls, the chamber, below. And then, with his teeth chattering with terror, he hurried on his clothes, (it was grey of morning by (his time), and,: fester than he had run since he was a boy, made for the churchyard, and for that part of it where tbe Ravensbrak vault was. The door stood wide open. "By all thatis good, itwasinckvI(hon£ht of it as soon as I did," exclaimed Jacob Marlow, with ah hysterical laugh, as he ran towards it. " In my haste, 1 shot the bolt without pulling it qnite'dose, and forgot to' bring away the key. Thank goodnesB it is no woree 1 I may just as well take a peep inside though, now that I am here !" It was no more than a peep, that the sexton took: but in that instant of time he: discovered that which made him ay oat aloud in dismay ; made his limbs shake even, more than they had shaken the night before ; threw him into snch a sweat of fear that his . hair dabbled liinp on his temples. He did : mot now lose hie presence of mind, however, but with a determined hand he closed the vault- door, and locked it secure. Then hind- , ing the key with a hit cf rope and a heavy' stone, he made by ashort cut for the river, where he cast (hat implement into mid stream. Nq one, excepting one person, sawanything of Jacob Marlow throughout that day, which was Christmas day. ' In the coarse of (he: afternoon, a neighbour with whom the sexton had promised to go snd smoke a pipe called at the cottage, bnt Jacob pnt his mghi-capped hyd out at the window and excused himself from coining out, as he was suffering from such 'an acute attack of rheumatism, as to be scarcely able to get in or out of bed. He must have got much better during Christmas might, however, for almost before daylight he was.up fibd 'off on a journey to town five miles distant; where he purchased a pair of pistols with a good supply M the necessary ammunition, From which it might possibly, appear that he had murderous designs agamst someone. Bnt thai does not necessarily follow. Sorely amy maa,Tf he takes it into his head, may, provide himself with fire-arms as aprotectinn ainst evil disposed persons breaking into his house? And this and'iio other nfeyhave been Jacob Harlow's innocent purpose. ' SHE SECOND -DART. Seven yeara afterwardsand Jacob Mariow again- . Not the Jacob of old, however. "Cfeytuned fustian Jrad long mnra'ceaaed tohe l&. MsrlowVwear. : Tt;4npst have been six yrarerandihaif exactiymnce he pulledofffris sgrave-digging wsmsmm by'toehifoownreirHmttiiatardativeBmt of-toamdjtinidauiBinimlfe mdtipafe side, possessed, amounting to Several hundred pounds. .. Under such circumstances, therefore, it -fess nothing very wonderful (hat shortly afterwardt Jacob should resign his employ ment as sexton, sad go to look after, his. wperty- 'With that avowed intent, indeed, . he set oat, and from that time Old "Witchbnrn knew him hbt, or, with any certainty, what had become of hit" ' \- -Jacob cameto London, and hiring famished apartments in a highly respectable suburb, set up as a private gentleman of means. The money his eccentric second-cousin had be queathed him must have been considerably more than he had given out. It enabled the sexton to live on the best that was to be bought- and travel for his pleasure, and sojourn for months at a time at (he most attractive and expensive sea-side resorts. Bnt though be spent bis money freely, Jacob Mallow made no friends. In the first place he was not naturally a sociable man ; and then since (he truth must be told, his education never hav ing advanced much beyond the tombstone stage, he was scarcely adapted for polite society. It could scarcely have been, however, (hat it was his pining for polite society that had induced such an alteration in h« personal appearance in so short a space of time. In the old mattock and spade days — np even to every evening when Jacob met with that singular adventure at the Ravensheck family vault, his hair was black as a crow's plumage, and now it was blanched nearly white. At that period, scarce seven years since, Jacob was Bqnare shouldered ni( straight balked, and time had cut no visible furrows in his hard visage ; now Jacob Harlow's shoulders were bowed, and his face, haggard and of unhealthy hue, wob wrinkled like that of an old man \- No man had tried harder to enjoy the blessing of wealth ; no man had made a more dismal failure of the attempt. This, for fully five years, and then the ex- sexton's restless fancy took a new and an odd turn. He took to visiting workhouses, orphan asylums, homes for destitute little Waifs and strays of humanity. Failing to find what he was in search of in these places, he engaged in a methodical investigation of all the cpovefty-strickoi slums in and about London, always with a shrewd eye for the children. If he had lost a child of his own, or one belonging to a near and dear friend had been stolen away under painful and mysterious circumstances, Jacob conld not have hunted more nnwearingly or with greater persistence. At fast, after months of inquiry, he on what seemingly was exactly what he was in quest of. . It did not, to the lininmiated observer, appear to be much of a prize, or to he par ticularly well worth the l pains bestowed on its acquisition. If Jacob Marlow in his loneliness had re solved, for companionship sake, on adopting a little hoy, why on earth was it necessary to adopt thia rigmarole coarse in order to obtain one ? - Why at last did thB ex-sexton pick a poor little half- dothed:and nearly starved raga muffin literally out of the gutter? How fench easier it would have been for him to have gone to some asylum and taken his pick, arid selected (he most genteel and likely . For khis simple reason : the hnman article Jacob Mariow was in search of, was of an uncommon pattern, and not to be met with any day and any where. What he required — to be sure it was a strange fancy— was a little boy with a pecu liar sort of face. He wanted a boy with a, high, and narrow forehead— with deesfitj dark, and piercing eyes— with a nose that was rounded after' the Boman type, and— though this was not indispensable (he other requirements granted — a small straightmouth with thin lips, and the whiter the better. In short— there is no accounting for the queer vagaries which possess men when -they have not money than they know what to do with — the sort of face (hat Jacob Mariow was so long -on the look-out for was the counterpart' of that which occasioned hi" so much uneasiness that Christmas Eve in Old Witchburn churchyard. And as already mentioned, he found it, or something so like it, that the ex-sexton be came at once eager to make 6ore of it as his ; and taking the astonished littleboy, all ragged and muddy as he was, in his arms, he carried him to the squalid hovel he said was home, and to the drunken, draggle-tail crea ture who said that she was (he boy's mother, : and, for the sum of fire pounds pod doton, received free permission to take the child away and do just what he liked with him " It was time that some one took the poor, little, neglected wretch in hand," said the master of the highly-respectable school to, which Mr. Marlow, "after seeing that the boy was properly cleansed and attired, took him. " He is dreadfully ignorant, poor child," the master reported ; " does not know one . letter of the alphabet from another. As to religious matters he is no better than a heathen." It is remarkable with what an alm-nud expression of- countenance Jacob Mariow looked up when (he schoolmaster said thin " You don't mean that he don't believe in — praying and that ?" he asked anxiously. " Why, dear sir, how can he, when as far as I can make out, he scarcely knows the name of (he Supreme Being to whom prayer is addressed ? And, as regards arith metic " "Yes, yes interrupted Jacob Mariow, " bnt about t'other, — the prayer business, — I'm very particular about that. Bring him along fa (hat line as soon as possible, master,' and never mind his "ritiimetic or anything- else.: Bring him Hong, so that in a couple of years' time he shall oe a first-rate one -at praying, and I will pay yon donble fees." The master smiled pityingly, though not unkindly, at suck a singular instance of pious simplicity, aid, shaking Jacob warmly by the hand, promised that he would do his best The schoolmaster was successful beyond nis expectations, in lesstnan tne stipulated time Master Charles Marlow (this was (he boy's adopted name, he appeared to have none at all to speak to positively before it was conferred on him) was as different a little hid from he whom the ex-sexton had picked out of (he gutter at Westminster, as the rongh stone is different from the polished diamond from the hands of the lapidary. Though now little more than eight years old, he was now able to read and write exceed ingly well, and altogether was so bright and promising a little fellow that, when he alighted with his school trunks at Jacob Mallow's abode, (he latter in bis satisfaction fairly bugged him. As soon as (hey were alone together, the boy unstrapped tbe trunk that contained his prize books and pridefully 1 showed them to his kind patron- " Ah! they're all as handsome aa paint, a'nt they!" .remarked the boy's illiterate benefactor; "but which one of 'em's a prayer-book ? That's (he book I wan't to hear you read out of, Charley. Bring him out," continued the ex-sexton, "and we'll, have a touch at him at once." The hoy produced a prayer-book, and, to Jacob Mallow's great gratification, read a few pages of it with fluency. "Yon. are agood fad, Charley, and. I'm much pleased with you," said Jacob, as he pressed a sovereign on the boy's acceptance. And (hen he added after a few moments' reflection " Are all the prayers (hat was ever said in (hat book, Charley!" "No: only .the prayers used in church service," replied Chariey : " if anyone wants any other prayers, they make (hem for them-: selves." . '"And are yon anything of a hand at that as well?" Mr. Mariow asked, with a kcea: glance.' "I s&y; tny'prayers night and morning, sir," . replied Charley respectfully, " and 1 never forget yon, J assure you." ' " Thatis good— that's veiy good and com-' ing 'to the pint," remarked Jacob, though more as tallangjto himself than addressing Hie boy. _ " We'll have some more talk about this prayer bnsmess, -Charley, " feud he, "vriien we've had some dinner, my lad, and the Candles are lib." . ,J ;; , Afterdiriner, when (he curtains were drawn and (hersndfes lit, Jacob Marlow. who had bexk WbhoiigWMaha fidgety torajby (hi tapitiT'dimim he had had prrosred for his fMtfahoy. draw his chair to the fire iforfa jrande winter time and nearly-Christmaa agam);andrrecommenced the subject., hit heart waewil on. - ' ''-"'-'i " Draw -dp close, Chsriey," said he kindly, "and make yourself comfortable, for yen and me are going to talk serious. Aa to that braying we was-speaking of Charley ?" "What about it; sir?' replied the "boy, who would have preferred " a - more lively .topic. " Pve been- turning it over in my mind;' said Jacob Marlow, with a furtive glance in the lookiifa-glasB over- Hie mantel-shelf, to see what effect his words might have on the ' listener — " I have -been turning over in my mind, Charley, what you «aid about praying for yourself and me; and I a'nt quite " satisfied about it." " Not satisfied with tne, do you mean, sir?" "With you, my dear boy, Pm- quite satisfied, " returned the ex -sexton, smoothing the little lad's cnriy locks with a strangely nervous hand. " It's -all right, so far ; but it seems to me that it don't eo far enough. Charley." 6 " Theprayers don't go far enough? They go up to Heaven, don't they sir?" "Let us hope so ! Oh, Is>rd,let us hope so !" rejoined Jacob, earnestly ; but what I mean, Chariey, is that we mustn't be selfish in onr praying. D'ye understand t" " No," replied Chariey, after some reflec tion, " I don't. Unless you tnea., sir, that it is our duty to pray for those who are too ' wicked or too ignorant to pray for them selves." ""Why, there we are !" returned Jacob Mallow, bending so for forward in his eager ness that the faces of the two nearly touched. " You're a sharp boy, Charley, and do your schoolmaster credit. That's exactly what I do mean. Those would have been my very words if I'had thonght of 'em. ' It is our duty,' ses yon, ' to pray for them that are too wicked or too ignorant to pray for themselves !' Right, my fad ! Let us do eo ! " ' ' But who are they ? We must find that out first, sir, and what they want," said the child, snuhng. " Well, for the matter 'o that, Charley," re turned Mariow, hiding his oonfasion under cover of stilting the fire with (he poker — "for that matter, Chariey, I should fancy that we needn't look : very far. Let me try and recol lect )" and, still having thepokerin his hand, he gently-tapped his forehead with (he knob of it as though for wfew seconds lost in ie- flection, but, in reality, mustering courage v to spenk out what lay so heavybn his "d - "Aye, to be sure. I knows, man now; : Charley, who would be none the worse for being prayed for!"' - " A vety baa man, fa he ?" Gharley asked, his interestawakened. " Well, What might be your idea of a bad man— an out-and-out bad "un,1 mind ?" Jacob asked, afte- a pause, "Who 'was' the worst , ' manyou ever heard feQ of?" ' Charley-thought the matter over' for some little time. "I think Cain was the wast mad,'! he presently replied.; "You know, sir, -Cub v.' that slew -his brotha Abd, and -God oet a mark' on him.-". '. The decanter was standing on the table, and J acob hastily poured out a glass of wine ' and swallowed it. "I dotftthink- thetefconldheawnfBe-maa than 'the ohe who would -kill Tns brother," Baid Charley, looking into the fire. _ . " There, 1 believe yon are right, Chariey," ' remarked Jicob Mariow, catching gratefully at -this viewbf theinatter. " " No— no. The ; mmTvrassprakftigdf tenet so hades that. Da3 raU/Jl T J "" ' rt - r 1 - . ,/k V V. — AMU. wuaugu, AJU1U JUIUWe bXXiraglla'- blooded andternei.' -Bnt,J'he added, with a ghastly attempt fit a lan$i,' "I mosn't set - youtoo much agsmst hhn,-pr you 'wont-like ; to pray for him,- eh, -Chariey ?" "What did he -do.?" '-Charley- -afiksd with' - all a boy's interest to hear a story.' : \- ""Wdl," hegan-Jacob Marlow,' making . a start, aSef a desperate gulp, ' "he 'was » - sexton." . " That's a grave-digger, isn't it?" the boy . asked. "In country- places sometimes it is. This, man I am speaking of was a grave-digger. - Well, one fay,, there was .a grand - funeral ;. fit, the churchyard where' he- worked; and- a . - great lady was hudTh the vaalt, where all herfamily werelaid beforeffier. " "Shewasina coffin, wasn't she?" Chariey inquired, with a keen relish for the terrible. "She was in two coffins ; an oak one and an outride one of lead," Jacob Mariow con- tinned hurriedly. "Well, the mourners had aD g ne oat of the churchyard, and it was nearly dusk <rf evening, when (here came fi gentleman, and he said to the man, — the one you're agoing to pray for, Chariey— ' I want to go into (hat vault. I want to open the coffin that was just now laid these, and to look at the dead lady.- IB give yon fifty . . pounds, if you'll let me da it,'— for the man we're speaking bf had the key bf the vault, I must tell you, — 'let me do it,' says the strange gentleman, ' and TIL give you fifty "And did (he sexton let Trim? I think I should. I shouldn't have taken the money, . because that was mean, hot :I- should have let him," was Charley's comment on the narrative, as far 'as he had as yet heard it. "He did let him," -continued Jacob Mar low. "The stranger-had -brought with him tools proper to open -a leaden coffin with " (Charley shivered), "and thfe sexton,— 4be man you're agoing to pray for,— let hi have the key, and took the fifty pounds. 'And, - while the stranger was U1 by himself by candle-light in (he vault, the m, — the : sexton, you know— peeped in and saw that the stranger had got off tile lids tff both coffins and- was busy, not looking at the dead, - Charley, but robbing it. Hie body was -wrapped in the old jnlk dressing-gown the lady had worn while she was alive, and the - stranger had ripped it open at -the breast, Charley, — the sexton, -peeping- through -the .' - keyhole, saw him do it, and saw him' "take q out diamonds, Chariey. Diamonds, that ' " glistened in the feeble candle- light- in that ; dark place like sparks of fire. Hishand was full of them, hoy; and he thrust them in his pocket, and ripped with his knife again, .and took out more ! Hejhad told a lie, you see, 1 Charley. He had not come to look on the face of the dead lady. He knew, or sus pected, that she had beat buried, with all these jewels with her, and he put a trick on tTio ROTfnn nun vraiVa amiin ' for, — bo that he might get 'em I" " But why pray for the sexton, sir?" the ' boy asked wonderingly, "he has done no harm !" -' "Not yet, but he -did presently," replied Jacob Mariow, his voice growing huskier. " The sexton killed him, Charley. The temptation was too mnch for hi and . h n - pounced on him suddenly with a heavy d mallet in hishand and struck hi down, and took from him the jewels he had taken from the dead ! . It makes me sweat to fhinV Df : it," said Jacob Mariow, wiping his wet fore head with fate trembling hand. "I knew him so well, you see. I know him still !" " Bnt, he was -a murderer. Why. didn't they take and hang him ?" 'the boy asked in- ' dignantly. "I've read in -the Bible that ' when Con slew Abel, God erased him — " " Bnt nobody knew it, Chszfey," the sex ton interrupted .him in a «h«far.c voice. ' "They did not find ft oat. The man, the sexton, I mean, hid the body. ' Hid it in en old leaden shell in which toe coffin of wood had decayed long ago." (Charley's dark eyes grew big wilfo horror.) " Bnt now 1 .come . to toe dreadful mystery, boy," and Jacob again wfoed his reeking brow.' " The dead man, or toe man who should have died of snch a blow, did not., stay where he was placed. The sexton, - by. accident, left the vault door open, and nwtmnmmj. Chariey," —and here Jacob Mariow was taken with sncn'a fitrif trembling, That the amis of the chair which weze c&tcbed; by his hands, cteaked. under them; ' next -morning,, Chariey, toe old leaden shell was empty — turned over and empty, and the body was' -gone!" " Gone where f the boy asked, looking up in -terrified wonder. " Gone—gone 1 IteUyou," repeated Jacob Mariow, in a' voice so suddenly and BO strangely altered, and wito sach terrfir 4a! his white face that theisttle fellowwaa scared.; "That is all I know about it— thaiis all the' ram himself told me ; yon understand? " All' that he told me heades was (his," Continned the raxton, growing each; moment more agitated ; "he told me that ever sinoe, hit. Ifte had been n cane and a burden to hi, That his. ill gotten wealth never brought hi f 3Sbj£ cj a.BmHe pleasure as sweet as when, hetoifed withuis spade for labourer's wageti That- fay-mid hihV right and fay, -toe man,— the- body. -that ao strangely disapi peraed/ has -haunted him, ssd msde to mora mismabfe than ever living manyet /was micte. !&iftra;'vfcyifc,wiRhefa<ffiatoriWi to pray forfcim, Uharifiy p' eaftmnedifaoA Marlow, with bis bands clasped imploringly. " For my sake, you will do it with all your heartrvmd as tbonghit waaforeome one you yourself dearly loved in spite of bis doing this dreadful thing," and he clasped the child's small band in bis own, that were so deadly cold and trembling. "Don't let him lose a chance of saving his soul, my dear boy. Think, oh thlwV of what a dreadful thing that, would be! Come Charley, dear! I dare not,— I mean, I don't know how to help, you, But I'll— I'll kneel too, and say amen to all you pray for." And with a groan of pent-up agony, Jacob Marlow sank on bis knees, stall holding the boy's hand. But (be result of bis passionate appeal was something terribly different from what he had anticipated. With a cry of affright Charity tried to drag his hand away. "Don't hold me !" he cried in accents of terror. " Let me go ; pray let me go ! Send baric to school ! Send me anywhere 1 Don't keep me here !" Jacob raised his pallid face and regarded the hoy with speechless dismay. "Don't — don t look at me, the child screamed, struggling anew j "your face is so dreadful. It is not like your own face. I am afraid to look at it. Oh ! pray— pray let me go !" " Kneel, Charley, kneel !" ejaculated the abject wretch. "I will tummy face away if it alarms you. It is altered perhaps, because — because I feel so deeply for my poor friend ; that is all, dear Charley. Come, come, just a short prayer ; just for a miuute or two." And, still trembling in every limb, the child sank down to a kneeling posture, but he remained strangely silent. "Can't — cant you remember the right words, Charley?" But the hoy was still mute, huddled down with his head on his breast. "Charley! why don't you speak?" And then he . attempted to raise the boys head. But it was heavy as lead on his hand, and the up-turned little face was set and white as that of the dead. TVim Ott UUWUUJ VI) VOWU DUAAAUW sprang to his feet. "lhxve killed him !" he shrieked hoarsely. "The mark of Cain he spoke of is on my face, and he saw it there, and it killed him ! Doomed— doomed ! Nohope — no hope." He staggered a few steps with his hands clasped alx>ve his head, and then fell flat to the floor with a violence that shook the house to its basement. So they found him, past all medical skill to call him back to life, and his ensanguined lips ""l the crimson stream that had flowed from them telling but too surely of the wiannw of his death Charley, however, was still in the land of the living. He had only fainted dead with affright, and was speedily restored to consciousness. But the fright he had sustained threw him into a fever from which he but slowly recovered. By which time a coroner's jury had deliberated over Jacob Marlow body, and returned a verdict of "Death, from natural causes," and the ex-sexton was laid in his grave. What, remains to tell is, it must be admitted, not. so clear and free from doubt as might be. Norconldit well be otherwise, considering the slender due possessed by those who attempted to unravel the mystery. It was not until little Charley was wal nut of his fever that it was thought judicious to question him as to what he knew of the matter, and then his replies were rambling and. incoherent -and very little to the purpose. Acting on the child's statement, however, inquiry was instituted, and the door of the Ravensbeck vault in old Witchburn church yard having been opened, it was found that the coffin of the late tenant deposited there had unquestionably been tampered with, and it was likewise ascertained that old Lady Ravensbeck had been buried in a silk dressing-gown. Bnt the old woman who had been her ladyship's constant attendant and devoted confidant was long since dead, and no further light could be thrown on the strange story of the jewels. It was discovered too, on reference to the books of the institution, that at a date closely corresponding to that on which Ixtdy Ravensbeck was buried, a man, de mented and well nigh famished, was found wandering in a remote part of the country, and taken, first to the workhouse, and then to a lunatic asylum, where a few days afterwards, he died of certain severe injuries to his head, but . when and by whom inflicted was never ascertained. The descrip tion given of him to a considerable extent tallied with that of the mysterious stranger who made the bargain at the vault with Jacob Marlow, so that it seemed feasible that the unfortunate man was not killed outright by the savage blows the sexton dealt at him with the mallet; but for the time stunned, and permanently bereft of reason, he had recovered to make his escape and to wander aimlessly in the way indicated until he was arrested. The only thing that was known for certainly was that Jacob Marlow had by will bequeathed to his " adopted son Charley3' all . his worldly possessions, which at one tim, must have been considerable, since at his death they amounted _ to nearly two thousand pounds. And this was the more satisfactory, supposing that there is any foundation for the strange story current at at Old Witchburn ""M this day, and which is to the effect that Jacob Mar- low's long continued search before he discovered a child to adopt to'his liking was because he had a superstitious longing to find one that bore a resemblance to the man for whose death he was accountable. mar, jie was so ar buwcbwui uw j been told ; but the Witchburn gossips go farther tfian this, and declare that, guided by the mysterious finger of Providence, the child that Jacob Marlow discovered and adopted was really a Ravensbeck, the son of Jacob's victim, who himself was the profligate -nephew of the last lady of the name, -who had gone abroad and was supposed to be dead. . 