AN INCIDENT IN TIE BUs?.--A lady cor reepndent writing from Jerilderie sends the following to the Albury Banner:--"I paid a visit a few days since to a station on the Murrumbidgee where in the daughters of the house I found two old schoolfellows. The old people going off on a trip to Mel bourne, we, with the governess, were left mistressos of the situation and many delight. ful ramnbles we had amongst the gullies and lagoons in the wild Murrumbhidgee bends-. cool placid lakes which is their awful quiet noes seemed very miniatures of the Dead Sea. We were dull enough at times, and Booth to say tlhe udden appearance of some young cavalier woul I have afforded a not unwelcome brealc is the monotony, hut none ippeared, and we were fain to console our selves as best we alight. At length however one fine morning we were surprised by the unexpected arrival of a strange gentleman on foot. He was a little past the prime of life and inclined to be polgy, but with a round and good-natured face and. a gener ally ' jolly ' appearance. Having ascertained that the visitor was a man of mark from Melbourne, we received him with due courtesy, and he proceeded to account for his having arrived on foot by stating that he was bound to a station ten miles distant; that he had left the coach at the village, as the nearest point to his destination, and, being unable to get a horse, had been ob liged to walk. We were all a little surprised at this statement, as the innkeeper at the village referred to usually keeps several spare horses running in his paddock, but the matter passed off without further comment. The evening passed away pleasantly enough, our visitor taking much pains to impress us with his knowledge of racing and ' horsey' matters generally, and being specially elo quent in describing the wonderful feats he had performed when ' following the hounds' in England. On the following morning a horse was brought round for the accommo dation of our friend, who now displayed a singular reluctance to mount, and explained that he would much rather walk than so impose upon the good-nature of his hos tesses. This however of course we would not hear of, and we proceeded to the door to see our Melbourne friend fairly started on his journey and bid him farewell. I noticed that no he approached the horse he sud denly shrank back to whisper in my ear, 'lis he quiet ?' 'As a lamb,' I replied, where upon the follower of hounds walked round the animal as if taking his measure. We hers noticed that the gentleman had sud denly become as pale as a ghost; and we all simultaneously exclaimed ' are you ill?'.. '0, no !' he replied, with a oickly smile, and then with a desperate effort he strode tip to the off side of the horse, put his left foot in the stirrup, and began to scramble up. With a good deal of struggling he managed to fling himself right across the animal's back where he lay panting for a few seconds, then suddenly throwing his right leg over the horse's head he managed to seat himself bolt upright in the saddle; hut alas! his face was towards the tail. In spite of the distress of the unfortunate M.L.A. we couldn't refrain from laughing, and surely never before did such a merry peal awaken the sluggard echoes on the banks of the Murrumbidgee. 'For good neoassake,' gasped the unhappy horseman, 'let me down. There is no use telling any more d -d lies about it. I ons never on a horse before in all my life!' This infor mation, I need hardly say, was now quite unnecessary to any of us. After having sufficiently enjoyed our friend's extraordin ary peformance 'no for very pity assisted him to dismount." A Or(mD ATTACKED BY AN EAOLrEIrAW. On Thursday week, about three o'clock (the Uralla and Walcha 'Tlles reports), a rather unusual occurrence tookl place at Enmore, about twenty-two miles from Uralla, a child about six and a half years old being attuacked on tlhat day by a large eaglehawk. We learn that the child was proceeding on an errand to a nei4bsour's, and when ahbut one hundred and fifty yards from her parents' res.idence a large and voraclious esglehawk suddenly swooped down upon and caught the little child by the head. The infant, with wonderful courage for one of such tender years, immediately seized the eaglshnwk by the wing, and her screams attracting the at tention of the inmates of the house, they quickly came to her resouo and succeeded in killing the feathered monster. When mea sured, the bird's wings were found to be six foeet eight inohes from tip to tip. The child, as the result of the attack, received several scratches on her arms and bond, and her wrist has been nearly pierced by the beak of the voracious bird of prey. FRniT Er.Ta.-When fruit does harm it is because it is eaten at improper times, in improper quantities, or before it is ripened and fit for the human stomach. A distin guished physician has said that if his patients would make a practice of eating a couple of good oranges before bronreakfast from February to Juno his practice would be gone. The principal evil is that we do not oat enough of fruit; that owe injure its finer qualities with sugar ; that we drown them in cream. We need the medical action of the pure fruit acids in our cyctom, and their cooling corrective influencos..... edial Journal. A DIvonrCE DIFIOULTY..-SccnO: Fas hionable hotel in New York.--Iutsreeticg divoree of sovon husbands or so (to daughter): "Cordolia, my dear, I haven't my glasses, but I rather fancy that gentle man who has junt entered was n husband of mine." 