the diamond drill. (jo the Editor of the BendiyQ Advertiser.) Sir,—Would it not be possible for the com mittee o£ the Beiidigo Agricultural Society to have the now-famoua diaiuoud drill workiug 011 the show days. If they can accomplish that, ■»ul giye publicity to the fact, I am very confi dent it will be thp means of increasing the P,un)ber of visitors to re nay all tlio extra expense, and havo a decent bafarinn to i.hn Rnrir.fcv.— Yours, etc., 4th October, IS78. J. P. CAROLIN. Sale of Booths.—Qa Monday next Measra. L. Macpheraou and Co., will sell by public Ruction at noon, tho right to provide refrwh T.euta at the pafillioa booth, and fruit stalls at the forthcoming B.U.C.C. sports. St, James's Hall.—Tho concort given last eroning by a number of amateurs at St. James's Hall, for tho benefit of the widow of Win MAcr, who was drowned not long since in tlie Great Extended Hustler's dam, passed off very successfully. There was a tolerably good house, and tho proceeds of the entertainment trill iitip tho widow materially, as tho expenses "pre small. The following ladies and gentle men assisted:—Tho Misses White, Macoboy, Mearcs, and Jenkins, and Messrs. Bailee, l'\ Maeoboy, By field, ConoKn, H. Jackson, jun., Piaster, Garss, and Gall. Mr. H. Monaghan presided at tha piano, and the Hibernian Baud o^ve their services for the occasion. . " Wop.us ov Grace."—The current number ot this 'Uuatrated monthly magazine has reached us. It contaius, anwngst other illustrations, portraits of the Rev. Dr. Somerville and Mr. lhonias Spurgeon. The usaal complement of interesting reading matter, consisting of papers, addresses, poetry, etc., is also given. The BritjUWA Accident.—The young man Clcmence was very restless oh Thursday, the hot feather nucotiag him greatly. At night he became delirious, ana an attendant had to watch him constantly to provent his injuring himself by struggling and moving.—Ballarat Star. «e\v GoLDnKLD.—Wo {Ttlc<jraph) under (5 . '^at Mining Department received ua eincul information yesterday evening, Btating tnat a new goldfield had been discovered in the —rarat mining district, near tho Grampian tangos. The indications were such ns to lead o the belief that an ei tensive and vaulablc eposit had been discovered. trump Card was scratched for the Melbourne vup oa Thursday. , 9'iBLE-—It seems probable (states tho prfai) that the firBt opportunity of receiving j ,r."PeJh oews will be by the Netherlands ■< -®1? 8'cam Navigation Company's steamer 'ofn'l , hwast0 Batavia on the 1st er' an(^ Soerabaya on the 5th Octobcr. m Port Darwin on thp 12th October. Odtob ^ ®or* Darrein on the 15th of Hospital, or "Charity," Sunday is to bo cele brated in Ballarat on the 27tli instant. Mr. William Martin, landlord of the Com mercial Hotel, Echuca, was thrown from his horse on Tuesday, and being unable to withdraw his foot from the stirrup iron, was dragged a considerable distance along the ground. Ho sustained severe but not dangerous injuries. Tiie Mail Service.—Some oxciteinont lias been caused in colonial circles at home—the Loudon correspondent of the Argus writes—by the intimitation given by the Government to the colonies that thoy no longer intend to carry the Australian mails free for the distance they now take charge of them. Additional payment is required from the 1st of January next. Tho agent-generals have protested against tho change, and a mass of correspondence on tho subject is being sent out for the respective Governments to deal with. The general im pression ia that the home authorities will giv« way. The Colonial Office is believod to be iu favor of continuing the present arrangement, and the Treasury is crodited with being the prime mover in tho proposed alteration. Mn. M'Iktyke, M.L.A.—Of all the members who complaiu of being misrepresented or mis understood out of doors, Mr. M'lutyre (says the Arijiu) seems to have had the moat solid ground of complaint. Ths Ministerial journal at Sandhurst lias beon taking him severely to task for his conduct in bringing the Woods continuous brake before the House, and has alleged that Mr. M'Intyre was rebuked by Mr. Service for reading anonymous letters in the House. That the Ministry should attack him is only natural, but Mr. M'Intyre says that the impression that Mr. Service repudiated his action is calculated to annoy if not to injure him. The fact is—as reported in The Argus and in Hansard—that Mr. S«rvice pointed out that Mr. M'Intyre was thoroughly justified in reading the letters, for the simple reason that the Minister of Railways had asked him to include them in his case in order that they might be referred to in the reply. A Strange Story.—Tho master of one of the Sydney trading vessels has made the fol lowing statement to the Evening Neios of an extraordinary proceeding on the part of one of the Anglican missionary teachers in the Solomon Islands. It appears that when the captain was at the Island of Ysabelle, ho was trading with Bara King, of the native village of Buckatoo, who is well-known to trader* in those parts. Bara made a complaint that two of his tribe had been shot and one wounded in the month of April of this year, by the Melanesian teacher of the place, who resided there with a Murray Island Boy. The chief was very disconsolato at this new form of Christianity, and when tho tearher came oil board he wag questioned about the shooting, anil denied it. Our informant then brought the king oud tho teacher faco to face, and upon the latter being accused of tho crimo he shrunk away in a manner that tended to coutirm the accusation made against him. The king was advised to represent the affair to the mission vessel Southern Cross when alio next called, aud it was reported that tho latter vessel afterwards took the toachcr away from tho place. Sut J. O'Shahassy's Education Bill.—The second readiug of Sir John O'Shanassy's Edu oation Bill is to be taken on next Tuesday fortnight. In the meantime (states the Tele graph) much of the Government business, it is expected, will be disposed of, including tho education vote, with its subsidiary issues of tho reductions of the teachars' salaries, and tho abolition of the Univer»ity fees. Release op Supple.—At a meeting of the Cabinet 011 Monday, it was deoided to release Mr. Gerald Supple, who had beon confined in Pentridge for the past eight years, under sen tence of imprisonment for life, for an attempt to shoot the late Mi-. G. P. Smith. Wo {Tele graph) understand that it is Supple'a intention to leave the colony immediately after his release. Death of ax Or.u Colonist.—Letters have been received by the Sail Francisco mail, we [Argus) regret to learn, announcing that Mr. Somervillo Learmonth died in London on the 4th August. Mr. Learmonth waa an old and respected colonist, whose liberality will be long remembered. He was a member of tho firm of T. and S. Learmonth, who owned Ercildouno Station, near Ballarat, which they sold some years ago to Sir Samuel Wilson. They were also the proprietors of the Kgerton mine, which formod tho subject of an equity suit which excited considerable notice a year or two ago. They were besides largely interested in squatting properties in lliverina. Mr. Somerville Lear month went to England shortly after tho conclusion of the mining suit. Mu. Baylesw's Case.—With referonco to tho report that was published concerning tho pro ceedings in the Supreme Court, in which Mr. Bayless. the well-known theatrical manager was interested, the Herald is informed that tho statement that that gentleman had been con fined in gaol is incorrect, and that tho writ of capias was set aside without his having been under arrest in any shape. A Demented Chixaman.—A Chineso at the camp hero (says the Ballarat Star) haa recently become insane under a most poculiar hallucina tion. This man, Ah Hing by name, had for twenty years carried on [business at the camp as a pawnbroker, iu conjunction with a leprous cousin, Ah Hoo, who recently succumbed to the terrible disease that had seized him. Ah Hing during his cousin's lifetime cared for him most tenderly, and the death of Ah Hoe, without doubt, unseated his reason. Since the event ho believed that everything in his hut became the resting-place of an evil spirit, and that the ghost of the leper Ah Hoe visited him constantly, and urged him to distribute all his goods to his neighbors lest he should be chased into the place of perdition. Ho obeyed the fancied command so well that lie has rid himself of a decent sum in cash and a largo quantity of miscellaneous merchandise. Constable Thompson arrested him as a lunatic just as he had placed a clock in the road to be picked up by anyone. Dra. Itadcliffe i.nd Bunco certified to liiH insanity, and the uufortuuatp crcature, being brought before Messrs Leggo and Lewis, J'«. P., at the City Court on Wednosday, was committed to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. 