MUSIC AND DRAMA? I T ecctms that we are going to lose one of our most popular and. take him all in all, one of our best actors — Mr. George D. Chaplin. This will really be a lose, for we have not, at present, so many pood men that we can afford to lose even one. The secret of Mr. Chaplin's popularity it is not diffi cult to discover. His acting is evenly good throughout ; he never rtrsiins a point for the sake of effect ; he is uniformly correct in his text, and he has a good presence and a taking ,ty)e, while he always seems to be on good terms both with his company and his audience. Wherever he may go when he leaves Australia, he will deserve a hearty welcome, and his well-wishers will be glad to hear that he receives it In his selection of farewell performances he commence! with 'Hamlet.' Considering that Mr. Creswick is play ing the rame cliaracter, it was to say the least a hazardous experiment. Mr. Chaplin's impersonation of the Danish Prince is not new to a Sydney audience, and as ncr particular feature was noticeable beyond what, has been referred to on other occasions in his rendering of the role , but little can be added to what has been previously said on the subject. Mr. Chaplin has two qualifications which eminently fit him for the character, and these are personal appearance and address. Hie Hamlet is a manly impersonation. He delivers the text forcibly nnd concisely, and never aims at any emotional display of an outre order. So far his read ing of the characU-r is a most careful, and in many respects an excellent one ; but its failing is its lack of individuality. He does not give it that amount of prominence noticeable in so many leading ti agedians who have made the character a study of a lifetime, and appears to play up more to the characters around him than to carry them along with him, and centre the action in him alone.* It must, however, be borne in mind that Mr. Chaplin is an actor of versatile ability, and with a repertoire as large as his and so good, ?we are not prepared to expect specialities from him. His Hamlet exhibits fidelity to the end, and intelligent reading, but scarcely rises to a high conception of the character. The support he received was much above the average of that rendered by stock companies. Mr. Harwood was very pood as the Ghost, and delivered his lines very effectively. Mr. Charles Brown, who is one of the most rising actors we have, was a very fair Laertes, Mr. South a good Gravedigger, in fact one of the very best; Mr. Rain ford a capital Horatio, and the rest of the male cha racters showed a careful study of their parts. Miss Anstead, though hardly light enough for Ophelia, gave generally a tf/im a/utcntolilA roo^irifr nf Vinr rmrf and Mice Mnlvilla nmc very good as the Queen. Taken as a whole, the perfor mance was a satisfactory one, more especially as the stage appointments were good, and the piece ran very smoothly throughout. Considering that the company* had only arrived the same evening from Newcastle, much fatigued, the even representation is the mere creditable. 'Hamlet' was repeated on Monday night; 'Othello' followed on Tuesday; and on Wednesday, in the 'Lady of Lyons,' Mr. Chaplain appeared once more in the best of all his parts— Claude Melnotte. At the Victoria Mr. Creswick continues to attract large audiences. The second week of 'Hamlet' shows no falling off in this respect, while performance has improved by repetition, and runs smoothly all through. There is one point in the stage arrangements which certainly needs amendment, and that is the position of the Ghost in the recess considerably cramps the actor in his delivery, aud renders the effect not half so telling as if the spectre addressed Hamlet from the centre of the stage. Probably the fact of the public being more used to this last mode of rendering the part has something to do with the plan Mr. Creswick adopts not being appreciated; but apart from this, it is evident tnat Mr. Cary labours under the disadvantage of having to strain his voice more than is absolutely necessary, which affects his delivery. The Kelly and Leon troupe at the Queen's Theatre cer tainly have every reason to be satisfied with the amount of public patronage accorded to them. Night after night, whatever the weather may be — and it was as close and hot last Saturday night as it was raining and stormy the week before — the little theatre is crowded and people seem never weary of the jokes and eccentricities which constitute the evening's entertainment. The company made a change in their programme on Saturday, and announced the extrava ganza boufferie, or whatever it may be called, in the ' Belles of the Kitchen,' which the Vokes Family at homemade so popular. The piece has never before, we believe, been played here in its entirety, but its style is similar to that of the 'Patchwork' of Salisbury's Troubadours— no plot, but a collection of the most droll absurdities that can well be imagined. Dsubtless it will prove a great attraction, especially as affording an agreeable change from the heavy matter of the other theatres. Tho New South Wales and Balmain Amateur Dramatic Clubs gave an entertainment on Monday night at the Guild Hall, Castlereagh-street. The object of this performance was to assist the fund in aid of the families of tbe unfortu nate men who lost their lives in the late railway accident near Penrith. An attractive programme was put forward, consisting of the sensational drama 'Harold Hawk,' a story of English and Australian life ; and the farce of ' My Turn Next.' Tho Young Australian Band gave their aervioes, and supplied the music during the evening. It is a matter for regret that the efforts of the amateurs, who all gratuitously volunteered on the occasion, were not better patronised. 'Their object was a good one, and they ! exerted themselves to the utmost to deserve applause. We j believe that, notwithstanding the scantiness of the audience, the amalgamated societies have managed matters so well as to be able to add a substantial contribution to the fund, though not certainly so much as they expected. There is no musical intelligence of importance to notice this week. We hear that the new Harmonic Society is i promising well, and that a very large number of members nave been enrolled. Thb Defences of Adelaide. — The Government have taken prompt action (the South Australian Advert iter says) to provide -without delay for the defence of the colony. On Tuesday, February 12, they telegraphed to the Agent-General instructing ldm to apply to the War Office requesting that two 10-inch 18-ton guns might be fortwith supplied, with carriages, dwarf platforms, and fittings complete also two carriages, dwarf platforms, and the necessary appliances for the two 9-inch 12-ton guns which are already at the Port, and four sets of C racers for the S and 10-inch guns ; two 64-po under guns of 64 cwt., with two wooden standing carriages and appurte nances, two 16-pounder guns with limbers and waggons complete, and 10,000 ball cartridges for Martini-Henry rifles. Sir Arthur Blyth was also in structed to obtain and immediately forward to Port Adelaide 600 more Martini-Henry rifles. The Agent General, with commendable promptitude, lost no time in applying to the War Office, and telegraphed the result the next day after receiving the telegram from Adelaide. The Government received his reply onThurs day, February 14, to the effect that the Secretary for department had undertaken to call for tendere for th® supply of the armament and the Arm strong guns, carriages, and racers, as the War Depart ment had not got them in stock, The rifles would be purchased at once, and forwarded by the steamer cartridee8 wmld shortly follow by 