Intercolonial, BRISBANE LETTER. Mat 11. has been for a long while felt that it was high time ^ urveyof the coast of Queensland was finished. At present the survey is complete to the Percy v ds a to the north of Broadsound, leaving a i perilous coastline, not unexplored nor unknown, tlf certainly not surveyed with the thoroughness hich should characterise it. The Imperial Govern I ^ nt apparently are of the same opinion, for the I Admiraltv has practically seconded our wish that the I irrey should be pushed on briskly. That involves the employ^111 of a steamer. The Pearl, which has , sufficed for surveying, is a prettly little I hoonerthat furnishes to Brisbane the only naval I uniforms of which we can boast; but she has I Seen the best of her days, and the surveying I gtaff have always found the coast winds most I capricious. At the best, surveying can only be carried I on during six months of the year. The Home I Government show their sympathy with our own I feelings in this matter to the tune of £1000— that is to I gay they raise their contribution to the Queensland I orvey to £2500, instead of £1500 per annum, on the I condition that Queensland gives an equal amount. I Tenders are accordingly invited for a screw steamer I of about 150 tons burden, to be employed in the I survey, and with this vessel it is hoped that the work I -which promised to occupy four years may be done in I one. I The Legislative Assembly the other night indulged I jn a little merriment at the expense of the I Premier and Bishop Bugnion. It was stated some I lime since in the Rockhampton Bulletin that I the Premier had made arrangements under I which Bishop Bugnion was sending out a shipload of I Jlennonites, or, as the Bishop himself terms them, I lis flock in Bessarabia. Mr. Palmer, wishing full I information on the subject, asked for any corre I gpondence which might have taken place, and a I correspondence was accordingly, on Wednesday, laid I upon the table. On Thursdav Mr. Palmer read it, and I commented on certain portions. The first was a letter I to the Premier, whom the Bishop addressed as ' Sir I John Douglass, K.C.,' referring to ' our last under I standing' between himself and the Premier, and I stating that in consequence he had written to his flock I in Beisarabia informing them that half the passage I money for about eighty families would be paid by the I Queensland Government. In his wiitten reply to the I good bishop, and in his defence against Mr. Palmer's I charge that he had deluded the prelate, the Premier I denied that any actual arrangement had been entered I into. The most that ever occurred was the expression I of an opinion in a private interview at Rockhampton, I that, there could be no objection to an experiment I with one shipload at any rate. A great point with. I Mr. Palmer was, that he gave notice of motion for I the correspondence on the 29th April, and that the I Premier's letter to the Bishop saying that his I colleagues thought it undesirable to encourage the I project, was dated the 30th. What, however, was I chiefly dwelt upon by Mr. Palmer and the Opposition I members was the following : — I ' The terms which are proposed are not in themselves I objectionable, but, to tell you the truth, some of our sober I young folk would imagine, it is supposed, that we were I going into partnership with the Devil if we had anything to ? do with you or with any one connected with the Greek I Church. Such is the silly Russophobia which affects us at I the present time, ? ' I need hardly assure you, I hope, that I do not partici I pate in this superstition, but, nevertheless, it is a fact that I some ihrewd sensible men among us would view with far I greater compunction the ad veut of your interesting fellow - ? religionists than they would that of any number of Poly ? tesian or Melanesian islanders . I ' You must do your best, Bishop, to convert them ; ? meantime their understandings are darkened. I 'I am, my dear Bishop, yours very faithfully, ? 'John Douglas.' I To do the Premier justice, he was not seriously I affected by the ' slating' to which, for an hour, he I had to listen, and though he admitted that the mys ? ficalj curious character of the Bishop had led him into ? a yem of semi-badinage in writing to him, it was the ? Bishop who had chosen to misunderstand him, and he ? must take the consequences. Mr. Douglas, it seems, ? had met Monsignor Bugnion at Rockhamption, where ? it was currently reported that the prophet — who went ? into the Bulletin office and told the editor that at a ? certain hour that day he had in a vision 6een ? Dsman Pasha inarching out of Plevna— the ? prophecy being somehow strangely justified by ' ? fact— was neither more nor less than a Russian ? spy. This, opinion, however, Mr. Douglas ridi ? culed, describing the Bishop as a simple earnest ? minded man, though a visionary. Several members ? tranted to know who were the sober young folk who ? ifould suppose the colony was going into partnership ? mh the Devil, and Mr. Morehead playfully remarked H j though the Premier might some day be ? fDder the superintendence of the Devil, he would I scarcely go into partnership with that supernatural I i \i there is a serious side to the question. It H ^ 8aia that, on account of the interpretation Bishop I a'v/U1(m put uPon his conversation with the Premier, ? 8,upload of Mennonites have actually embarked for I Of course that will be a simple way out I 'iffieulty. There is no objection per se .to the I ai^11618 ' sides admit as much. So if they I ®mve,weshall no doubt welcome them, and absorb ? e® without remorse or delay. I ef?i1UinUnexpectedly- uight before last, the temper I def use was displayed on the subject of colonial I mattpC% fiuestiou before the Assembly was a ? ^ f 200 for providing a Volunteer corps in a I derl j tr*ct beyond Ipswich. The Government I com* tm?- ^ea\ with isolated applications to form a I cue 'd raised the general subject, and from the I fiovo™ came a succession of charges that the I and frne^L' neolected the Volunteer movement, I done m'1 * °^ber the boast that 110 Government had H The On*6 ? °-r cftizen soldiers than the present. H %t /P0^011 P00h-poohed this reply, pointing out I a nQ^e en^e colony boasts of only 1000 Volunteers, I We hf^n T^bom are unarmed, while applications ? to raiof611 1116 b'0111 several districts for permission I point .^^Puuics. To this the Government could ? ci Yolnt a letter from the Brigade-Major ? of u ante^rs, who, in declining the services ? from ft petitioners, stated that, apart H fiouof tw Pf a large augmenta ? *athoritv -f r?e 'which there is no Parliamentary ? sttvioe8 of W no' atPresent desirable to accept tho ? elble to o, new company, as it would be impos ? ?oununitiftn Bu°h a force with either arms or ? the Govem^, i j debate brought out the fact that ? tem Billf? . not 'itend to introduce a Volun ? hom Bk IZ? Ee??.10n, and that Colonel Scratchley, ? that one ;0 *a mditary standpoint, does not consider ? ue « necessary. The debate also showed that whenever there is the ghost cf a chance, by question resolution, by direct means or by every available side wind, colonial defence will prove itself a flower of perennial bloom, so far at least as the session is con cerned. The Electoral Districts Bill has been pushed for ward. To be of any service, the exigencies of the Electoral Roll require that it must become law by the end of next month. The second reading will probably be passed without division or amendment next Tuesday, but with a formidable catalogue of pro mises that it will emerge from committee so mauled that its father will not recognise it. Every member, it is said, intends to deliver himself before the debate is^ over. ^ Hitherto the discussion has been marked with ability and moderation, more with good temper, and a desire to keep it, as far as possible, free from party spirit. It was thought that the second reading would have passed on Thursday, the leader of the Opposition and the Premier having arranged to re sume the debate, when the private members had finished their motions. But the private members did not give the opportunity. Their resolutions, though in themselves local and unimportant, otherwise, opened the door for many general questions, and the House, at half -past 9 o'clock, was so evi dently tired that no attempt was made to superadd Government business, and an adjournment was taken to Tuesday next. The chief features of the adjourned debate, which extended over Tues day and Wednesday, were, first, an elaborate speech from Mr. M'Hwraith, who revels in statistics, and goes into figures as a light amusement, to show that the data upon which the bill is based are unreliable ; second, a defence from the Attorney- General, which, as a speech, Mr. Palmer said was the best; he had ever heard that gentleman deliver ; third, an argument by Mr. Palmer, which seemed to ' take ' largely, to the effect that if the present electorate system could be worked hand-in-hand with a good local Govern ment bill, and the principle of voters' rights em bodied, the colony would possess a representative 6ystem which, like Captain Cuttle's famous watch, would be equalled by few and excelled by none. The rank and file on the Ministerial side have been a good deal ' chaffed ' for observing a masterly silence. On Thursday, for example, after a speech from each side, there' was a pause for ten minutes, during which members looked at each other and at the Speaker, till the tick of the clock could be heard in the Chamber. It seemed for the time as if Mr. Speaker must per force put the question, but Mr. Palmer took up the running, and the Colonial Treasurer and Mr. Macrossan eventually , followed. The utterances of the provincial Pre ss still show that there is really but little public interest in the question outside. In view of the Melbourne conference the House was led to express its opinion on Tuesday, upon tele graphic communication with Great Britain. We have been now nine days without news from England, and this at a time when anxiety is stretched to tension pont. The opinion expressed was therefore some thing more than strong ; it was bitter. Hammer and tongs, the members right and left attacked the Eastern Extension Company, and Mr. Palmer had no difficulty in inducing the House to resolve that no agreement should be come to at the Conference which will in any way bind the colony to aid a duplicate line of cable via Adelaide and Port Darwin, unless such line shall be supple mented by cable or land line from Port Darwin, con necting with Queensland lines direct. The Premier gave the House some particulars of a scheme which he hoped would have been carried out by New South Wales and Queensland acting conjointly, viz., to promote a cable from Ceylon to Cape York ; but he expressed his regret that, up to the present time the Government of New South Wales had 'held off.' There was no disposition manifested by members to insist upon any new line landing on Queensland shores ; but all agreed that a duplicate cable — a real duplicate, and not an apology for one— was becoming an absolute necessity. The reported rush in the north has been pro nounced from Normanton to be a failure. That was what everybody expected. An expedition has, how ever, been decided upon to prospect the York Penin sula, from Coleman River northwards. The decision was in response to the resolutions of a public meeting at Cooktown. The expedition will be accompanied by Mr. Kayser, the Government mining surveyor ; will cost £800 ; is to consist of ten members ; and will extend over a period of six months, unless fortune smiles upon it sooner. That immigration into these colonies still remains surrounded by difficulties, and that it will always be so, seems plain, if we read, between the lines, as the saying goes, the annual report of the Queensland Agent-General, just presented to Parliament. He points out that a considerable number of letters and articles adverse to emigration appeared during 1877 in the English Press. As a matter of fact, the same might be said in every annual report dispatched from London, and the special mention of it in this docu ment may be accounted for by the fact that Mr. Macalister ' was writing after his first year's experience of London life as Agent-General, and had been consequently more struck with the adverse opinions expressed than he had been when living in the colony. Hence in another page you read that in spite of opposition there has been no falling off in the applications for free and assisted passages. The point that strikeB home to us most, however, is his assertion that it is less and less easy to get the classes wanted by the colony, especially as regards female immi grants ; ergo the 1165 women and girls who landed in Queensland during 1877 could not have been the flower of the flock. That such is the unfortunate truth, nearly every housewife who engages a domestic servant at the immigration depot will inform you, with an amount of injured tone sufficient to convince you that the servant difficulty is a terribly serious one. But it is a terribly serious one at home too, and the majority of the letters and articles in the English Press hostile to immigration if foBowed back to the pen which wrote them, would be found to arise out of the irritation and anxiety conse quent upon the almost impossibility of obtaining good servants either in London or the country. Mr. Macalister says that 1056 ' domestic servants ' were shipped to Queensland last year, but the probability is that not seven-eighths of the number were deserving of that tide. Our experience here, and it is no doubt shared by yourselves and other colonies fostering immigration, is that these so-called domestic servants are lazy, incompetent sluts, and perhaps something more. Indeed our immigration agent, in his report, admits that there was 'the usual percentage' of ' objectionable characters.' Still the cry is ' They come.' Three emigrant ships are at the present time — wind and weather permitting — on their way to Queensland, and the immigration agent recommends in urgent language that the Agent-General's attention should be directed to the absolute necessity of sending 2000 additional immigrants during 1878, having, no doubt, in view the new railways and other public works, upon which the colony is embarked. The temper of the House last session was against excessive immigration, but this year members will doubtless be told that necessity has no law. After four-and-twenty hours' steady rain, cold westerly winds have set in. This morning people are enjoying the luxury of an honest shiver, though the change from stew to chill has produced the usual crop of coughs and colds, and no little fever. 