TOWN TALK. Oar Melbourne correspondent writes that the National Dank lias declined to pay the judgment obtained by the Hand and Band Company, £GS15 lis, anil that late yester day there was the chai.ce of a sheriff's officer lieing placed in possession of the bank pre _niises. . 1 , A Government Gazelle notice was issued yesterday evening notifying that it is the in tention of the President of the Legislative Council to issue, on Thursday, the 15th inst., a writ for the election of a member to serve in the Legislative Council for the South Western Province, iu the room of the lion. C. J. Jencer, ivlio retires by rotation. The half-yearly meeting of the Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company was held last evening, -when it was decided, ! after mnclv opposition, to increase the Com- j pany's capital by transferring large sums of money from the profit and loss account to the reserve fund, and to issue 1GS7 bonus shares to the shareholders. The voting was close, an amendment, referring the report back to tho Directors with a suggestion to recommend the payment of a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent., being lost by one vote. olu another column will be found a report of the sudden death of a widow woman named Mary Collins, a resident of Yarra street, which occurred last evening. Some time sincc wo called the attention of the Mayor and Town Surveyor to the man ner in which cows are allowed to roam, day and night, over Victoria Parade and adjacent streets. Ko steps have been taken to abate the nuisance. The footpaths are destroyed, aud property in the locality depreciated in value. Why, may we ask, are the cow keepers allowed to set the bye-laws at de fiance ? If Mr Jones, M.T.C., would take the matter in hand, and redress the grievance, tho annoyed burgesses would be much in debted to him. We counted no fewer than forty head of cattle on Sunday morning in Victoria Parade, at one time, between Swanston and Garden-streets. After the meeting of the Newtown and Chilwell Council, held at ten o'clock yester day morning, the newly-elected Mayor, Mr S. V. Buckland, invited all present to ad jonrn to his residence, close to the Council Chambers, and there several toasts were enthusiastically disposed of in bumpers of champagne, aud other invigorating beverages. Cr. Andrews, in a brief and laudatory speech, proposed-" The Health of the Mayor of the Borough," stating that Cr] Buckland had always shown a desire to improve all parts of the Borough. Iu replying to the toast, Cr. Buckland proposed-" Tho Health of tho ex-Mayor,Cr. Andrews," and mentioned that ho had filled the position with satisfaction to tho ratepayers. On tho proposition of the Mayor, the toast of-" The newly-elected members, Crs. Miles and Hawkesworth,'' was drunk. Cr. Mile3 took occasion to refer to a letter published in that morning's issue of the Gcdowj Advertiser. questioning the legality of his election. He pointed out that the writer was not a resident of the Borough, and evidently.did not lviio\v what he was writing about, as the Returning Officer had declared him elected, aud had also advertised the same in the Geelong Ad vertiser as soon aa possible after the election. Mrs Ellen Jackson, who was reported in our Monday'3 issue as missing from her home near the Golden Age Hotel, Geelong, returned yesterday from Point Henry. It seems that she has friends at that place, and having determined to tako a walk to the cemetery on Saturday, she thought proper to extend her journey to the locality named, for the purpose of seeing them. We learn that she is none the worse for her pedestrian exer cise ; but next time she takes her walks abroad it is to be hoped that she will notify her friends of her intention, in order that they may not be caused any unnecessary anxiety on her account. Mrs Jackson gives as her reason for not returning on Saturday night or Sunday that she was prevented by the inclemency of the weather. At the special meeting of the Geelong West Borough Couucil, when the new mem bers were introduced, the old members rose according to custom to shake hands with them, and welcome them to the table, so that, at any rate, they might begin the municipal year on good terms. Cr. Ban nister at once grasped the hands that were held out to him. Hot so, however, Cr. Hop- | ton, whoso soul was evidently in arms and eager for a fray of some sort; he put his hands in his pockets, and positively refnsed : to pull them out for anybody. At length, however, he was mollified, aud went through the ceremony with the best grace he could assume. A scries of charges were made against Mr Francis M'Gill, tho Herdsman of tho Bel mont Common in the Shire of South Bar won, by some disaffected ratepayers, and thoy were investigated at a meeting of the Council held yesterday. The evidence adduced failed to support the accusations, and the Herdsman was exonerated. v Here comes the rub, how ever. It was agreed, on the motion of Cr. Noble, seconded by Cr. Gardiner, that ten ders should bo invited from persons willing to accept the positiou of herdsman ; -and the excuse for this proceeding was that the rate payers complained of the present Herdsman. Tho cause of complaint arose from tho fact that Mr M'Gill performed his duty, and en forced the payment of cominonagc fees. A host of enemies was thus created, and their lamentations have, no doubt, influenced tho councillors in" some way, for their charges were not proven, and, therefore, the officer cannot deserve punishment. Two followers of the pigskin, one a dealer in the unclean animal, and tho other "an accomplished equestrian, capablc of sitting in the pigskin against .all comers, have for a long time boasted of their pedestrian abi lities. A running match was arranged for a small trophy to give interest-to the affair, and tho distance traversed was a short burst of 50 yards. The event wa3 ran off at tho cattle yards yesterday morning, and tho dealer'in pigs, an active Yorkshireman, beat his opponent with comparative ease, amidst great cheering from the spectators. At the special meeting of the Geelong West Borough Council which was held yes terday morning, Cr. Buckland. referred to a rumor which had been circulated, to tho effect that the burgess roll had been falsi -fied at the printer's, for the purpose of giving it an unqualified contradiction. Such a falsification of-the roll could scarcely be effected by any one without collusion with the printer, and we imagine that, if it were attempted, it would very soon bo detected. The above rumor has, however, been cir culated, and tho \Vc3t Geelong Borough Council thought fit at it3 meeting yesterday, iu justice to its old memhers, to place on record the fact that it was entirely without foundation. . . , The Government contemplate asking the House to ait on Fridays, in order to press on with tho business of tlie-sossion. If that proposal is objected to, as au alternative tho House will bo asked to sit at two p.m. on Wednesdays and Thursdays. At a special meeting of the South Barwon Shire Council, held yesterday forenoon, Cr. White was elected President of the Shire for the ensuing twelve months. Yesterday afternoon Mr A. M. Campbell received a further donation of £10 from Mr William M'Pherson, of Nerrin Ncrrin, in aid of the funds of the Geolongand Western "District Agricultural and Horticultural So ciety. A gentleman wlio attended at tho Mecha nics' Institute the other evening, to witness tho entertainment given by Kelly and Leon's minstrels, was very nearly being deprived of a valuable watch and chain. Ho was leaving tho hall at the usual interval, and it appears that some light-fingered individual in the crowd took advantago of tho crush to try and secure something that would bo of value to him. Tho selected victim suspected nothing until a strong tug at the chain pulled the ring to which it was attached clean out of the watch. He immediately turned, aud while with one hand ho made certain that tho chain was safe, with tlio other he endeavored to secure tho would-be thief, who made off through tho throng of people, not, however, before he received a forciblo warning to abstain from picking and stealing by a well-delivered blow adminis tered by the owner of the watch. Wc have been informed that at Stoiglitz and its neighborhood the heaviest downpour of rain with, which that district has boen visited for some time occurred on Sun day afternoon. Between Sfceiglitz and Geelong the country is looking extremely well, aud the waterholea are filled to overflowing, the state of the country con trasting strongly with its condition at this time last year. A Mrs Warren had a narrow escape from death at Coburg a few nights Binee. She was driving in a spring-cart along the road, when an entire which was being led in the opposite direction charged her horse, rearing so high that its hoofs nearly struck the poor woman in the face. Happily she escaped in jury, but the forcleg3 of her horse were much injured by the kicks of tho bigger animal. The South Barwon Council yesterday re solved to contribute £15 to the National Agricultural Society in aid of tho forthcom ing Show. At the Geelong Police Court, yesterday, before Mr Heron, P.M., and Messrs Brown, Hensley, and Keeve3, Js.P., a youth named llobt. Leckie was charged with using insult ing behavior. Tho offence consisted in shouting out " Bobby," after Constable White. The offender now apologised for his conduct, and was thereon discharged with a caution. Two eases of drunkenness wore also dealt with. Tho Court then ad journed. A man named Robert Duncan was ar rested last night by Constable Wickham on a charge of having stolen a decanter contain ing whisky, from tho Victoria Hotel, Malop street. It seems that the prisoner visited tho hotel in the afternoon, and after he had left, the barman missed the decanter. At the time of tho prisoner's arrest he had tho decanter iu his possession, and as it was then empty aud the thief not sober, it is pre sumed that ho had imbibed the contents. Ho will be brought up at the Police Court thi3 morning to answer the charge. We are requested to intimate, for the in formation of head teachers of State schools in Geelong, that it will bo quite convenient for the Committee of tho Sale of Gifts to admit the children on Saturday afternoon instead of Friday. Mr Henry Franks announces, iu our ad vertising columns, that lie is a candidate for the board of directors of the Colonial Mutual Fire Insurance Company, and proxy forms can be obtained at his office, Malop-strcot. The hon. C. J. Jenner's address to the electors of tho South Westorn. Province will be fouud iu our advertising columns. A battalion parade of the Geelong Artil lery will bo held to-morrow evening. On Friday evening, at eight o'clock, the annual meeting of the Artillery Corps will bo held. The P. and O. Comj)any's mail steamer Siam arrived iu Hobson's Bay at two a.m. on Sunday, with Europeau mails to the 5th July. The passago has been performed in sixteen days sixteen hours from Galle, which does uot allow for difference of time between tho two places, or stoppages of five hours at ICiug George's Sound and eight hours at Glenelg. Tho time occupied in the passage of tho mails is slightly over thirty-six days from London, as in calculating the above from Galle, not allowing for difference in time or stoppages. Mr L. L. Smith called upon the Chief Secretary tho other day, and urged that the Government should not oppose his motion providing for the reduction of letter postago from 2d to Id. Mr Berry replied (says the Age) that the matter wa3 before the House, the debate having been adjourned. If the House showed a strong desire in favor of tho reduction tho Government would not oppose it. But, even if the motion is carried, the date will have to be altered, for the Govern ment cannot allow the reduction to take place this year. There is a further reason -the reduction will involve the necessity of providing for the deficit by some new form of taxation. Some uneasiness was caused on tho'Mel bourno and Williamstown Railway on Sun day night (writes the Telegraph), through tho 9 o'clock train from the latter place not appearing at any of the stations on th'6 jour ney. From enquiries, it was found that the engine had broken both feed pipes, and was consequently incapacitated. Steam was got j up in one of the engines jnst repaired at tho workshops, and at 10 o'clock a double train i was despatched. A rumor has been current for the last day or two to the" effect that tho Government intend to allow tho clause providing for tho j plebiscitum to be excised from tho Deform Bill. We (Age) are authorised to state that there is not tho slightest truth in the rumor. The mail steamer JSfep.iul, with tho July | mails from London, encountered a very severe cyclone on the lGth July, when thirty miles from Aden. It lasted with full | force only about twenty minutes, and tho j vessel received no injury ; but on arrival at Aden it was found that .great devastation I had taken place, the roofs of most of the bouses having been blown off, amongst them that of tho P. and 0. Company's' office. There was also considerable loss of life no fewer than sixty falling victims from' tlio scattering of the building materials by tho .wind, which hurled them about in all direc tions. Her Majesty's gunboat Wild Swan, which had anchored there uot long before, dragged her anchors, and had not tho hur ricane passed off as quickly as it did, she must have become a total wreck, -with the I probability of the loss of all hands. I A frolicsome ghost ia reported to be amnsing himself in the D^ke mine (writea tho Maryborough Advertiser) by destroying j the workmen's clothes. The account is that | ouo of the miners being startled by a mys terious knocking in a drive, turned round in that direction, when his coat by some un accountable means became split up the back from top to bottom. The victim is very | confident as,to the supernatural origin ef tae occurrence, v - I . The Sandhurst correspondent of the Age writes :-A selector, named Aligns M'Intosli, was riding a horse from Kerang in the direc tion of the Gunbowcr, near tlio Murray, on Saturday. Ho was in company with another selector named Pctzko. On nearing a gate M 'In tosh endeavored to stop his horse, but failed to do so. The animal made an attempt to jump the gate, but being held tightly fell over the gate, and M'Intosli falling with it wa3 killed instantly. The cause of death is supposed to be dislocation of the neck. Messrs Byrne_ and Barry, the managers of the Wheatleigh- Legrand Dramatic Com pany, have written to the Argus with refe rence to its remarks on " plain-clothca con stables" and the recent local police court ease which provoked them. Tlieir letter con cludes as follows:-It may scarocly bo nccea-" sary to mention that, after the decision of the Geelong Bench became known, our per formances in that town wero most liberally patronised by tlio forcc. In Ballarat wo were asked not only to admit the police freo of charge, for a gentleman, with a party of ladies', who stated that he was the post master, requested admission on the same re munerative terms as the force. A prisoner in the Melbourne lock-up, named Thomas Smith, attempted to commit suicide on Sunday night by strangling him self with his braccs. Another prisoner, how ever, detected Smith in the act, and Con stable Goff, who was on duty in the lock-up, promptly removed the braces from the would-be suicide. Smith, however, still en deavored to carry out his suicidal intent by knocking his head against the walls of the cell, and it was then found necessary to place liim in a strait-jacket. He was locked up on Saturday night (says the Age), on a chargo of being drunk, and disorderly, and when he attempted to destroy himself be was evidently suffering from delirium tremens. The Rev. Dr. Beamish has now received from the Bishop of Ballarat the formal in strument constituting the Archdeaconry of Warrnambool, and appointing him the first Archdeacon. The district over which tho Venerable Archdeacon Beamish will now fulfil archidiaconal duties extends to Colac, Birregurra, Cressy, Lismore, Darlington, Wickcliffe, Caramut, Hawkesdalo, and Yam buk, and includes all the. places situated within this half circle. It is a curious fact, illustrative of tho progress of tho colony (re marks the Standard), that the district com mitted to the charge of tho newly appointed Archdcacon is almost coincident with that of which he was sole pastor at the time of his arrival in Warrnambool. A youthful constable, on Saturday night, became the victim of inexperience in rather an amusing manner (records the-djrc). While parading his beat he came across a man and woman, who, according to his idea, wero offending, and he arrested them, liandcnffing them together. Tho handcuffs wero too large, however, for the woman's wrist, and on tho way to tho lock-up sho slipped her hand out. The constable at once seized lier, but tho male prisoner made off and left tho officer lamenting the loss of a prisoner and a pair of handcuffs. Tho woman was locked up on a charge of insulting behavior. Wo learn from tho Pastoral Times that a sad case of sudden death occurred at War breccan on Tuesday night last. Tho de ceased was a young man named Isaac Jeffers, said to have been a steady liard-working lad, who with his brother and two other men were employed there putting up somo fencing. The party, including deccasod, loft their camp 011 Tuesday evening for tho pur pose of seeing home a . boundary rider and liis wife, who came to tho camp in a wagon. There was some rum in the wa gon, of which they all partook while on tho road, and on reaching their destination Isaac Jeffers was found to be dead. An inquest was held oil Thursday last, when the jury found in accordance with tho medical testimony, that death was caused by exposure and in dulging in raw spirits, which brought on congestion of tho brain and suddou col lapse. Mr Lupton, who has been appointed lec turer on elocution to tho teachers, pupil teachers, assistants, anil trainees at Sand hurst and Castlemaine, delivered his inau gural lectures on Friday and Saturday last. Great interest was (says the Age) manifested in the movement, as it promises an improved method of teaching reading in State schools. Mr Lnpton's ability and experience should fit him for the responsible position conferred upon him by tho Minister of Education. Tho body of the man .Roberts, who has been missing sinco tho 3rd of last month, was found on .Friday by Mr Emmet, a school teacher, floating in a small wateiholo beside the Seven Creeks, close by Euroa. The de ceased wss a farmer, living about six miles from Euroa, and had a good farm, but was of unsteady habits and had got into mone tary difficulties. He went to Melbourne at the beginning of last month to effect a mort gago on his farm, and returned to Enroa at 10 p.m. on the 3rd ult. ; stopped at Deboos' hotel and had some drinks, and started to walk home. Tho night was dark, and it would seem he stumbled against a tree and fell into the hole where ho was found-a small deep lagoon. Since his disappearance, two of his children have died of an affection of the throat. There is (says the Telegraph) no suspicion of foul play, nor any ground for believing in suicide. It iB probable, now that the shareholders have ratified the salo of the Hobson's Bay line, that the directors will make certain proposed changes in tho system of manage ment. The principle change (says the Age) will involve a reduction of fares-a step for some time contemplated by the directors with the view of competing with tho rival omnibus traffic. The directors abstained from making the alteration, as the purchaso of the line was pending. The Government, it is understood, will consent to the reduc tion of tho fares. As we [Age) intimated a few days ago, it is not proposed to retain the services of Dr. M'Crea, tho Chief Medical Officer. Dr. M'Crea is considerably past tho age atwhich by the rules of tho service he is entitled to retire on lii3 pension. His retirement forms part of the scheme of tho Government for putting the superannuation clause in force, and so far from Dr. M'Crea being dealt with harshly or with exceptional rigor, tho Go vernment have gone out of their way to con sult his convenience by giving him six months1 notico of their intention to make tho change. Tho Age understands that his Excellency tho Governor received no official communi cation by the Suez mail on Sunday rcspcc ting Victorian political affairs, and that tlio law officers of the Crown in England have not yet had time to give any opinion on tho legal and constitutional questions about* signing warrants, etc., referred to them some time ago. His Excellency has again received letters from leading English states men of both sides, praising his personal conduct throughout tho late crisis. Whon tho mail left England it was thought very improbable that there would bo any discus sion on Victorian affairs in tho Imperial Parliament. A gentleman travelling from Jamberoo recently (says tho Kiama Independent) informs, us that he had a very fortunate es cape from being eugulphed in a most violent and extraordinary whirlwind. As ho was progressing on his way towards this town, after ascending one of tho abrupt ridges oil the main road, his attention was arrested by the iinnsnally violent and crashing noise of the gale, and upon turning about I10 ob served that it proceeded from the ridge over which he had just passed, whero there was a pillar-like whirl-blast that had uprooted trees and carried away many panels of fencing. Be considers his escapo miracu lous, as had ho been many seconds later he could not havo cscaped it, and the conse quences could not have been other than se rious whero such a quantity of timber was being carried to and fro. 