THE EDUCATION PROBLEM. ] IK a circular letter to his clergy Bishop MOOEHOUSE has undeceived those of his critics and fiiends who were "of the belief that he approved of die national system of secular instruction which has been forced upon the country. His Lordship, as the result of enquiries instituted by him, has come to the conclusion that the religious education of the children of lite denomination of which he is the head is in the "most unsatisfactory condition," but whilst not believing that the majority of those who banished -religions instruction from our State schools had any objection either to the Bible as a text book.or to such undenominational instruction in divine knowledge as is nowgiven in the board schools of London, he thinks the result of the " imprisonment of conscience'' and " exclusion" from the scholars' minds " of Heaven" to have been most deplorable. "Let us," he observes, " ask onrselves how we should have. " fared if GOD and all the religious sanc- " tions of action had been carefully kept " out of our min<l. We know what our "life has been, with Christian light to " guide, it and Christian grace to snpport it. Can we hope, then, that we " should have been kept from gross "wickedness without each aid? that " with no better motive than interest, no " worthier deterrent than fear, we could " have escaped so far as by GOD'S mercy " we have done from the ignoble slavery " of a sensual selfishness ? What can " be the effect, my reverend brother, of " a merely godless education like this, "but, in commerce, feverish speculation " and systematic knavery; in politics, " selfish ambition, cruel animosity, and " unscrupulous oppression; in social " life, impurity, effeminacy, idleness, " and inconstancy ? I cannot paint -the "picture so'-darkly as it appears to my " own mind, and it is because I earnestly "long for the peace and prosperity of " this fair land of my adoption, and lor "the extension to all its people of the "infinite blessings of our Divine Re- " deemer's kingdom, that I am making this attempt toshowyouthe nrgentneed " ofpresent effort as I myself perceiveit." Such effort as the bishop proposes does nbttake the form of hostility to the Act. He " renders unto CJESAB the things "due to CIESAB," and abides by the civil law. But he- says:—" Since '(he " State thinks it cannot, we must bestow " a religious education upon our " children. We are bound to do this " (not only to make the effort, but to go " on making it till we succeed) by every " obligation which we hold most sacred; " by loyalty to our Divine Master ; by " faithfulness to our ordination vows; ". by love of those souls over whom the " Holy Ghost has made us overseers ; .". ajid, not less, by patriotic attachment "to the^CGimtry which feeds and "shelters as. We'taust resolve to " succeed. It were better.to lose any " thing than-ithe hearts of ^bur ichilircn. " If one method should fail, we must " try another.;: We muBt summon ^ni- " people rounS us we must ask them "to join us in prayer to our heavenly " Father' thai He may teach us the "right way, and give us st " and grsice - to walk thernn. Vainly " will onr successors preach to souls '* hardened in habits of -godless thought "and fedirig i£, while ttiese souls are " tender—re^ionsive to the .glow of; " emotion., and plastic beneath the " formative hand of love and truth—we " neglect, to set; before :tliem'tiie blesBed " go^iel of salvation." This, £heri, is the opinion of our leatoig Protestant .Bishop. ^Phen wc ..consider Ijiat in . fln .everi more intense fashion the belief .is held =by ouri Roman Catholic fellow-citizens that; religious education 1 must be given .fo diildren, and'that State cduca&on; without .the liible is godless and criminal,: it is evident. that the . so- called national system is far from .acceptance nationally as a crowning measure of wisdom. < • But there is hope of « chatage, 'and of jpslice being done to the jrd^ionists, wiio sea "long iiave finffered pains -and. idisBltilities for. con-; "adtaiciB^ tilS; ^^pfltifi^iil The possibility of justice .ieing i done to our Boman Catholic fellow-citizens has appeared •"Bome what plainly of late;: The iGover^entiof &edayare; reported to have^given'tiie '" word ,,ofi promise "jthe jear^' in the shapevfpartidpation j^te^^aj^ aMiblp^'iii-; fluencfesi-r^tpll,'; to. liear-rW c^gse (Siem to br^k it to^&e; 'hope, <hey rdigiotis training being :im-' rar people," observes " s 'Remind them |!encj t>f Sunday "of the neces shbnld be come kind of proportion between sacred and eeciilax education." ThiB is precisely 'what the Soman Catholic clergy have eaid and done times out of number. They occupy a stronger position than even the ^Anglican denomination in the matter, for to them the school system is doubly offensive, end they are mulcted in severe •pecuniary cost because of its existence. Potent influences now begin to work to secure fairness to those who disapprove of the absence of religious instruction for the young from the schools, and we trust that there will be no deception in the matter, but that justice Tnll be done by an honest settlement of Catholic claims. We shall see. THE KTXETON BRAKCH OF TITF. REFOSU AKX> PEORECNOS LEAGUE ASH PUBLIC APPOINT- UKSTS.—Mr James Humphreys, styling him. self "hon. secretary, K.F. and XL League, Kyneton," has written to the Age, denying statements made in a recent article in the Guardian respecting the League and its movements. As our statements were based upon what we deem better and more truthful authority than that of Mr Humphreys, we prefer to adhere to a thorough belief in their substantial accuracy. They were very current in Kyneton before we gave them publication, and unless the organisation of which Mr Humphreys has the honor to be secretary is better supplied with Munohausens than even we would give them credit for, the statements must be substantially acurate. Certainly their authority is not at all weakened by Mr Humphrys' denial, which is as un- truthful for what it suppresses as for what it affirms. There will be no one in this locality to whom this will be a matter of surprise. HEAVT RilHTAXi.—With the exception of an intermission of two days the rain has been falling for a fortnight or more, and the consequence has been that the low- lying lands are saturated and covered with pools of water. The Caimpaspe is running high, and wo observe the waters carried down have created a flood at Rochester. Warning was given from Eyneton to the settlers in the vicinity of the river of the impending flow of water, and- no 'serious injury was done by the overflow. Old residents in Kyneton state the winter bids fair to be one of tbe wettest for many years. WOODENB POLICE COUBT.—There were two causes on the list on ilonday, but both were settled out of court. THE BENCH IS MAI^EEBTTBT.—During the sitting of the Malmsbury Police Court on Monday, we understand a difficulty arose with regard to a point of etiquette. X)r Davy, one of the local Justices, was -upon the bench when the assault case M'Creary v. Pritchard came on for hearing. The doctor had attended the plaintiff for her hurt, issued the summons, and left the bench to give evidence of her injuries. Having done this he desired to take part in the adj udication upon the -case, but his brother magistrates, including the police magistrate, objecting, a decision was come to without his voice being heard.. NATIONAL BAITS.—Mr Roberts, who since 3£r Lindsay left Kyneton has been in charge of the Kyneton .'branch of the-above bank, and has won golden opinions from the townsfolk, is about to leave, and Mr NeBbitt, from Warrnambool, has entered upon duty OB manager. THE REDBSDAXE AKD EHBEBTON PLOUOH- IKG MATCH.—From the account of this match which "appears elsewhere, it will be seen that good luck attended Mr Cockbum's ploughs. The implements made by our local manufacturers hold their- own against any manufactured in the colony. THEFT FBOII THE RAILWAY STATION.—On "Wednesday last, in the interval between the arrival of the evening and night trains some person stole a pair of leggings belonging- to Porter^Carroll, from the porter's room at the station. One of the articles, it is believed, was! subsequently picked np in Piper-street, but the owner has not yet obtained a clue to thethief. ADMITTED TO THE HOSTIT AT..—James Clark, ehaijgred befoie the bench of magistrates yesterday witli having been drunk and disorderly the previous day, having a sprained ancle was'remanded until this morning. At a subsequent hour, finding the man's injury to be a very painful one, the P.M. directed him to be taken to the hospital, where he WSB received and treated. CHIKKSE INTEBPBETEB.—A young- man named WaldeD interpreted the proceedings in the police court.et Malmsbnry on Monday in tbe case of Ah Ching, for larceny and assault. Thevame interpreter officiated at the Kyneton police .court .on a previous day, not Mr Armstrong, as we stated on the information of the police. WOOBKKD PMOGMIG MATCH.-—A meeting in connection with the Woodend annual ploughing match will be held at Mrs Kjenny's Springfield Hotel on Thursday, the 20th,' at 7.30 p.m. The meeting is convened by Mr H. D. M'Kenzie.. ... . THE CABLE NEWS."—Testeiday'E Argus writes:—The cable news to-day iBimportant. According to Beuter, Count SchouvalofE and the Marquis of Salisbury" appear to have' come] to an understanding as to the terms which should be adopted .by. the Conference. It is .proposed that Bulgaria, north of the Balkans^ shall be an independent nationality, While South Bulgaria shall be an autonomous province, tnbntary to Turkey. England consents jto the cession of Batoum to Russia, and to the acquisition by that power of liouman- - ian Bessarabia. ' As to Armenia England is to take this territory under her "especial protection," and Russia agrees to give up Bayazid. • Regarding the passage , of the Dardanelles and the Bosphorus, the status quo is to lie Maintained. This agreement has excited much-conflict .of opinion in England, tha Coneerratire press vehemently condemning it, while; The Titr&s; and Daily News express approval. Jt must net be supposed, however, that a satisfactory conclusion i£, about to be arrived at by the Conference, for we have already, statements as to the -withdrawal of the Turkish plenipotentiaries in the event' of autonomy.being granted , to certain .of the provinces."" Anstria is mobilising her forces, which'would indicate that an easy feeling does Japt everywhere preyaiL — THK PATRIOTIC GRAB.—Says a usually, well-informed correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser-.—Now, ie it barely possible that Patteraon is going to - -retire .from, the Ministry? He will not clear out unless there &s; some fat billet about which: we eannot find an iiiklin^rye t. But why did the Ministry persuade Farrell to-reHref Why did Patterson chaperon Pearson, the'-certain Aspirant to a seat in the Ministry? Whydid Patterson declare that Castlemaine couldn't have two Ministers ? The wherefore, 1 whereas, .nevertheless, .and notwithstanding, of this Castlemaine election is not fathomed yet by the country. It was obviously a kind of put up affair from firat to last, and yet we dou t see what ' good thing there, gs to which Patterson can • be an aspirant. He has never been one of the most jmrmouiouB workers with Mr Berry, »nd it may be' reoollected that the Qedong Advertiser had the impudence to wa.rn'Mr Berry against -givinghim & portfolio at all. Erom (ids we may raindude thatBeiry wasou the,6ee^Eaw jaboot ft, and .only yielded to tbe spirit of piidfi^^ch jed him to reoonstitnte the whole of hiB previous fihoirt-liVEd Ministiy, except Sir iH&inro;, whose building soraety. the, Victorian Permanent, .WPPldjnot allow hhn totakeithe Ministeria&i;'^f %dncitini"asain. < mas-qnito illogical for Patterson to. display eo®uch zeal f or Pearson. Nor does Woods rnbalopg^nti^^b^fBBasedvMdismtiihis icluef. 'John Woods has done much good, ntlyj in detaile, a): tbe railways, ^nd if %ewo«out,as8ome-talk, itwiHbetpa6t>ei»t tleWoeifia p&mimeDt; ^maaisaoneri^of: t| their Boheme of iinnnrog menttoaiwrmanentboard.' . ~ ; : 1 '" " msm *V 