MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday Evening. In our children's educational primers there is depicted a scene which expresses that— " Four-and-twenty tailors went to kill a snail, The best man amongst them durst not touch its tail." This foolish attitude of unnecessary trepida- tion appears to be the motif at the present time of the gentlemen employed in the ser- vice of Her Majesty in the Postal Depart- ment. There is absolutely no reason for this fear, but it exists-one of those unnatural scares for the origin of which it is difficult to account. I have the best authority for stat- ing that there will be no raid upon the Postal Department, that visions of a suspended and finality dealing Supplementary Gazette are purely ghosts of imagination, and that the steps which will be taken by the Go- vernment will be in the direction of lighten- ing the labors of the employes and prevent- ing them from suffering from the arduous hours which they now endure. The work of the Department will be simply done in two shifts, not in one unduly protracted one, and though the modification may necessitate some changes, due regard will be had to determined interests, and if any dismissals are made they will be of a trivial character. In short, there will be no Black Wednes- day in the Post-office, and old and trusted servants in that Department may occupy their beds in peace. The site of the next Fire Brigades' Demon- stration is exciting much comment, owing, possibly, to the fact that Beechworth, the city selected, is not easily available from the metropolis, and that crowded excursion trains cannot well be run on the lines to it. Al- though the site for the next demoustration has not been positively selected, I am able to assure you that Sandhurst will command a majority of the votes, not only on the ground of its central position, but also, on the ground that it can be reached without difficulty, and presents a readily adaptable theatre for such an event. I fear our colored (theatrical) brothers are animated by the demon of envy, malice, and all uncharitableness. There has been a little trouble between the two companies of negro minstrels at present here, and the result has been that Willie South, the manager of the Moore and Lewis combination, has been compelled to listen to language which Dr. Cairns would not consider as orthodox, and which expressed threats the fulfilment of which was not pleasant to contem- plate. The result was that Mr South ap- plied to-day for the services of a policeman. Having secured his policeman, Mr South proceeded to the Princess Theatre verandah to grease the troubled water, the effect being that the disturbed elements were pacified, and flowed to seek redress from the Impe- rial Hotel, which stands handy. Since then, Mr South, attended by his blue-bottle, has paraded the town in serene safety, and has finally betaken himself and his sable friends to Sydney by the steamer Macedon. The Exhibition Commissioners met to-day, and adopted the reports of a number of the sub-committees, amongst them being a report of the Finance Committee, which showed that about £636 had been already expended in preparing the proposed site in the Carlton Gardens. A recommen- dation was made that the co-operation of Mr Cunliffe Owen, the Superintendent of the South Kensington Museum, whose efforts in connection with the British section of the Paris Exhibition are so well appre- ciated, should be cordially invited. Mr Lord's motion, to which I referred yesterday, providing practically for a suspension of our patent law in favor of exhibitors, was re- ferred to the Executive Committee, with instructions to carry it at once into effect; and Mr Were's motion, that a handbook be prepared in various foreign languages, was similarly dealt with, an instruction being also given that the promoters of the Sydney Exhibition should be assured of the hearty co-operation of Victoria in their enterprise. The Land Tax Appeal Court dealt to-day with the appeal of Mr H. W. Staughton against the assessments on the Exford estate. The case was only partly heard, and adjourned until to-morrow. Visitors to Melbourne will find it worth while to examine the improvements now going on in front of the Parliament Houses, the whole area, formerly the arena of crowds which testified the intensity of their political feelings by assembling thereon en masse, is now cut up, excavated to a depth of about four feet, and filled with huge blocks of masonry, tramways, and puddle waters. The historic platfrom which Demos severely stoned the mounted police in the old turbulent days of our land and famine riots, is now impassable to pedestrians, and it is well evident that plenty of work is there awaiting the skilled unemployed for many years to come. An interesting contest took place this afternoon between the Wesley College and Hawthorn Grammar School, both of which had been previously defeated by the Gee- long Grammar School. The race was finely contested, and resulted in so close a finish that the judges were unable to award the palm of victory. In the Equity Court to-day, his Honor Mr Justice Molesworth granted probate to the discovered codicils of the will of Mr Ed- ward Henty, the particulars of which have already been announced. It appears that Mr Henty, when questioned before his death as to the disposition he had made of his affairs, answered that he had arranged them, and that his will would be found in the box in the Bank of Australasia. The box on being opened only contained the codicil to the will of 1874, testimony being given that Mr Henty had referred to a fuller will of a later date being in existence, but which could not be found. The codicil proved gives to Mr Henty'a sister-in-law a life in- terest while unmarried in Mr Henty's resi- dence and furniture, with an annuity; but although it varies the terms of the previous codicil, it is not disputed by the family. An agitation is on foot to make our om- nibuses itinerant post-office receiving-boxes, which is causing some discussion. 