GOOD TEJfPLiRF. To the EJitnr of the Cowmll Chroniek. Sm,— Yuur correspondent ' V.' in last Tuesday's ia-uo informed the publio ihtt ho haa hid hii ssj, and it is the last reply ho Lit to ofl'rir. With rnur nermi«siun. Sir, t will reply to his conclomcration of unintelliiiibiojirgon very brieflv. IIo starts by asserting that 1 say and unsay, and that I fill lo acknowledge my words. There he is in orrcr. Ho then cires an account of tlie principles, &e; , of G)od Tcmplary from the JTiiiihiiij Jt«xr l\ma. Foolish nun lo travnl so far for a description. Oould he not have read his digest— his constitution of tht Order f The article from the JT.mmny Hirer T\mn does not refute my assertion as to Ilio Templar's principles bring antagonis tic to the Word of OoJ. 1 now acsin tell him that formally aaying be believes in an Almighty, but disbelieves in His Holy Word, is an!*goniatio lo the principles laid down and the words written in the UMkofBooW. My friend ' V «ayi Ihe creed of Good Templsry ' ja too wide.' I ssy so too,and tell him the constitution is worded por pnsclyto admit all creeda, orden, etc., Deis a of erery shade, and persons de nying the Holy Trinity, blasphemrn. gamblen, and mon of fast liver. They can all beoomo membsrs of the order, if tliev only say they be lore in an Almighty. Will '? V' tell me tbat the ?' Master Jus need of inch men in His vineyard, or t'jot they are auxiliary, or stepping stones to the ohuroh r' It 5 next tells me that the Apostle Feter'B irordi would Dot do for aoms of iho strietest sectsof to-day, and that a thoughtful writer saya tbe Truth {:) be gina to be felt , that the essrnee ol reli gion is somsthing; which is held or pro feaso 1 by Catholio, Anglican, Armenisni Luiherao, Calrimat and Jew, and the greateit tyranny he norld is ignorant conscientiousness, and fiat Good Tern p'ary breaks down all, and welcomes ail lo join in tbe work of temperance. Does ' V' 6nd any paasagca in Holy Writ limbing suoh a erred f No ! then I -ay his prinoiplra are & delusion and a anarr. The blasphemy I refer to is that used by ' V ' in respect to the marriage feast ; the ll:ppanti loose irrelevant manner in which he makes uio of tho name of tho Almighty, and coupling it with the tap-room word ' jolly,' I was cortainlr not atort'ol at mine own aba tow. I an thankful to ' V ' for informing the public that it is often said by To nplars tliat they supplant the church, but tbat bebelioves it to be wrong, clod if, and will my friend ' V.' inform me if Ihst is not antagonistic to that portion of Holy Writ which ssys, ' 1 am the Word, the Truth and the L'ght,' not that I am a Good Templar and believe a Trmplar'a vow ii registered in heaven, and that if faithfully kept will make it well for me in eternity. Away with aueh blupbemy. He says tho doxology as quoted is net in Ihe ritual. I say it if. H« says ho sees no barm in giving praise for health, for friends, Sic. The hsrm ii in ignoring tlio 'Holy Gliost,' and placing Ojod Tcmplary before tho Holy Spirit and G-J.1. Clio commandment Bays the Sabbath day is to be kept holy. No socular em libymont carriud on. Gliaso, at page 8t], says a lodgo cw huld special moetings on a Sabbath. Is not that antagonistic to the wurd of God I In page 122, Chaso saya a man can be a Good Templar and not bo a Christian; he may disbelieve the Word of God. The Holy Uiblo Bays ' Search tho Scriptures, for in thorn yo think ye have eternal life.' Wliich is true frond. ' V.,' tho Bible or Chase I ' V.' says it is a stopping stone to the Church, that the ceremony of initiation is awfully grand ; tho altar, the ritual, tho HrfitwoiUiy Grand Chaplain, who iB not always a convorted man, officiates ; roads passages from ibo Ho'y Word, yet does not boliove it. Is not that a slum and delusion 1 In page 13 of the Consti tuion it u recorded that a rev. gontlenian wa- being initiated when some of the brethren burst out into a fit of laughter. Vory grand and asrful, w«a it not, friend 'V.' The rev. gentleman wasso disgusted that ho walkod out and uuier returned. Druukcnacss is a bad sin, and is tie iiomccd in the WorJof God ; so are oilier sins. Uooa Templars say tlicy liavo aonc somogood. I grant that, and they have done a great deal of evil. They tay it is enough for them to know lli.it a man has a soul to be saved from tho withering sin of drunkenness. What becomes uf other sins mentioned in the liiulo I Uow can a Christian, a believor in God and the Holy Ghost, call n man brother who denies Him and His Word 1 The Scripture saya bo ye not yoked unequally together with un believera ; or what part liath he that beliovetli with an infidel I And what agreement hath the Temple of God with idols I Is it not a misleading, dangerous doctrine to teach that denouncing tho sin of drunkenness and keeping a lumplar's vow will make it well with a man in otornityl That renouncing Christ and isbeliuving Iiis Word are things of no moment I ' V ' having tacitly admitted my asser tions, I am satisfied and now bid him farewell, and thanking you, sir, for your kindness, still remain Yours, Ac., TRUTH. Launcoston, Oth September, 1878. 