\--UO' the ILhabits and caunlibalistij prolpensi ties of the inhabitanlts of the l]attak country the BumIatra Courant gives the following ac count : - " The 13attaks are a peculiar people. They have Ia literate r and poetry of their own. They have laws dating from hoary antiquity, and from respect for thoul they are cannibals. By virtue of Lucestral institutions they are eaten alive-- lst, all who do not keep marriage sacred, and who break their marriage vows ; 2nd, every one who commits theft by night; ,3rd, prisoners of war; .ith, every one who talkes a wifi from the same tribe, which is strictly for bidden ; and, 5th, every one who treacher oasly attacks a. village, a house, or anyone. Whoever is charged with any one of these five crimes is brought before ia court of justice, and is condenmed to death if found guilty by the latter. When senteonce has bncc passed the judges drink, to show tlihat revocation can no longer take place. After a feow days the people assemble, the convict is broughl out, anlld is bound with out stretclhed arms to a kind of gallows. Tihe injured person then stops forward and makes it choice for the first louthful, usually the cars. Thlerupon others follow according to their rank, and cut off themselves from the living body the pieces they consider the most tasty. After every one has taken his share, the president of the assembly steps forward to the victim, cuts off his head, takes it home, and hangs it up before his house. This president, or otherwise the in jured person, has a claim to the brains, to which miraculous powers are ascribed by the Battaks, and which they ciarefully pre serve in a bottle. The entrails are never caten; but the heart, the inner portion of the lhands, and the soles of the feet pass for choice delicacies. The flesh of the victims they consumne either raw or roasted, but alweays at the place of execution, for which reason those present alwacys have with them limes and pepper to make the flesh more tasty. Sonmetimes rice serves as accolupaui meunt. These meals are feasts, ati which however pahn-wine or any other spirituous liquor is never drunk. The blood is caught in bamboo tubes to be drunk afterwards. At the execution only mien may be present, the womuen beig whollly denied the privil goe of eating human flesli. They never theless succeed sometimes ill secretly ob tainining that choice article of food. For enerly the Battaks ate also their parents. When the old people became weak and weary of life they calmly went to it tree and hung up by the hands from a branch, while their children and e neighbours danced around tlhemr, singing, " when the fruit is ripe it will faldl." As soon as the tired old person felt lhe had no longer strengthl to hold on to the branclh le let it go and fell to the ground. Immediately ia11 tthose pro sent fell upon him, cut him to pieces, and consumed his flesh with intense pleasure. The taste for lhuman flesh has not departed from the Battaks, for lately fourteen Achi nose and two persons front Singkel were bheartily caten alive by them in the manner described above-a fact which tfhe govern ment must be aware of." NEW WO1? ON TxHE c AUSTRALIAN, AaOl Gcals.-Mr. 1. Brough Smiitlh's recently published work on the Aborigines of Aus tralia furnishes the following legeud of a deluge :--" A long time ago, when father belonging to you and imee been alive, there was a very greaet flood; all the couantry was under water, and all the blaclkfllows were drowned except a nman and two or three women, who took refuge in ia mud island near Port Albert. The rwater was all round them. The pelican, sailing about ill his bark canoe, saw these poor people, and went round to help them. One of the wolnen was so beautiful that he fell in love with her. When shie wanted to get into the caenoee lie said, ' not now-inext time ;' so that, ferrying the otlhers one by one to the imainland, she was left to the last. Slhe Ie caine frightened, and being It cunning woman she wrapped a log of wood up in her possums-riug, and laid it by the fire to look like her. When the pelican came back lie said, 'come oin now.' lleceiving no reply lie became angry, and going to the supposed woman lying by the fire, he gave her ita ick, whell hlie at once found out the trick that had been played upon him. Then he was very angry, and begn to paint him self white to look out and fight with the blacklfellows. Whene lie was half painted another pelican came by, and not knowing. elwhat such i queer black- and-white tlhing was, struck the first pelican with his beak and killed him. Before that peolicans were all black; but now they are black and white, and tlhat is the reason." Like the Anglo-Australian, the aboriginal child is precocious, anld begius to look about for food almost is soon "is the young of the haingearoo. As a rule, children are kindly tre.ted, and their parents do not resort to any contrivances fbr distorting them. " Young mothers kill the first-born child because it is weakly, perlhaps because it is deformed." As to the punishment which aI native inflicts upon his wife, Mr. Smith observes, with touchli of sarcasm, "it is not so degrading pcrlhaps, but nearly eas severe as that inflicted by the lower class of whites when their wives displease them. Instead of the hob-nailed shoe, the Auestra liian uses ia weapon of war-a waddty." In the matter of marriage, exogamy is universal. " A tribe is iln fact but an en largement of ia femily-circle, and none within it can intermarry. A mnan must get a wife from a neighlbouring tribe, either by consent, or by barter, or by theft. Whene a native is about to die, he is removed to a spot at some little distance frorm his miam; and after deathl the corpse is so moved and carried as to prevent the contact of the livinrg with the dead, so tlhat instinct seems to suggest the same precautions as would be imposaed by sanitary science. Lilke most savage tribes, the Australians are tirme be lievers in spiritism, and they imagine that tihe ghosts of the dead linger aelout the places to which they were attacherd in life. The abodeo of these disemlbodieed entities is supposed to be in regions either towards teai the setting seun, or in the east where hle rises ; cwhichl seems to indicate a sort of vague conselciousness th tht that luminary is the source of vitalisieng lower. Irf. Loris Kulril:c.-, a gentleman who only claims for himself the chanmpion bil liard playcr of Yorlkshire, but lwho certainly rankls amongst those whlo taike ac higher title, gave ean exhibition of seientitic play at Craig's hotel last evening, cwhich has never been excelled here. In maeking cocmparisons betweeen Mr. lhoberts, the greatest billiard ist of the age, uand Mfr. Kilkenny, it nay lIe stated thait whlilt the formeer gentlemaun was distinguished for the brilliancy of his plaiy, IMr. 1Kilkeeeey displays a greater degrce of gracefl execuction and an easy quiet style cwhihe muet commenoud itself to lovers of theo gamf e as instructive a.s well as entertailing. AMr. Kilkncly's antagonist last veining was Mr. Chalhnoers, tile game being 100j) up; Mr. Chalhners receiving 40l points. It was apparent however that the latter gentleman was not in his be.,t form, and had no show with the clhtmplions. Mr. Kilkenny made his first displa Iy by break of 1H, consisting of 10 spott strokes, at which lhe appears quite as good ais Roberts. This was followed up by another breakof 53, including another 16 spot strokes, but the feature of the even ing was his brealkof 105, got by nsagoilicenit all-roummd play, and at its conclusion Mr. Kilkenmy was rewarded with loud applause. The principal breaks of Ilthe evening were 48, 5ii, 48 (mostly canons), 40, d5i, 40, 105, (;i, for the champioin, \who passed Mr. Clal users at 6 [6, and scored out while the game stood 1000-752. There was a fair attend ance, notwithstandiug the short notice given, anld lthe undivided opinion was that the play of Mr. Killkcnny was a spleldid exhlibition of legitimate billiards. This evening lhe will have for an opponent Mr. A. Swift, who will receive 250 out of 750, and afterwards thie two will play sevenl games of pyramids, Mr. Swift having a hiandicap of two balls in each game. As the latter gentleman beat lRoberts at this game on the same conditions, tlie conltest will be interesting and induce ia good attendance of the public.-Ballarat Courier. Tuh N?rrlI OUTrnrIeA AT New CGaLE nosA.--Sydney, Tlhursday.-IIH.M.S. Wol verine arrived to-day from Noumca with dates to the -lth instant. Oni the 2.4th Kanitks to tile number of about live hundred mantde an attack upon the military post at the Fiat, which is defended by thirty-five soldiers, under the commai d of Captain Lafont. With muchls intelligence the natives adopted the tactics of Europeans in maling a shainm attack on one side in order to draw attention fronm the other, against which .they came in great numbers. Their ruse did not succeed, and they were speedily beaten oil', leaving betweec thirty to forty dead and wounicldeed, whilst all thlie harm done by them resulted in aL few slight wounds from sling - stones hurled against their opponents. The troops beihaved very well. Another engagement is said to have taken place soume miles distant from the Foa, which resulted in the blacks leaving tell dead on the field, with no casualty to the whites. A few shots wore fired by the nattives whesn fighting against the post at l'oa. Under date September 2, the Herald's correspondent writes:- "News has just been telegraphed, and published by the government in the form of placards posted in thie town, to the etfect that tihe natives of the CanIla tribes, led by AMonsieur Lervan, attacked tihe rebels under Attai, on tihe Foa river, near the scene of Colonel Gailly Passbose's death, and completely defeated them, killing Attai, his son, eleven of his men, and takling fifty-six prisoners in men, wnomen, and children. The attacking forces consisted of three hundred of Servia's natives and it small number of soldiers and sailors, from fifty to sixty, divided into three colhuns. It was planned to surround the hill upon which thie natives were known to be casmpoed; and early norn swas the time, whilst at heavy mist shrouded the move meits of the attacking party. On the saime day, at Moindon, fifteen miles distant, the chief, Baptiste, was surprised by ia detach ment of thirty sohliers, headed by Lion tcnant Maredlhal. Baptiste, his daughter, and one of his men were lilled, and the rest completely routed. They had come for the purpose of ldestroying the telegraph, and were warmly welcomed. This is the tmost gratifying news since tlle outbreak conmnenced, and is looked upon as tile be ginning of thlie end. On aill sides tilhe rebels atre now losing ground. On the 2titlh, two days after thlie attack upon tlie Foa post, ia few volunteers, under thie lead of Monsieur Gallet, government surveyor, searched thtrouglh the bush, and eventually fell upon a band of blacks, four of whom they killed with the bayonet, thus preventting their comrades fruom carrying off tie bodies. 'ive others were seriously wounded. All con tinmes quiet in the country districts. Tihe rebels lhave msude no show sines their drubbing." On the :O0th August a well pronounced shook of an earthquake took place, and wits sulliciently strotng to rattle the crockery on the different shelves. The direction was frolm north to south. Several people describe it as having more an up heaving than iany other motion, creating in them a sickly sensation. The last slhock felt occurred about tirce months since, and was similar to the one now recorded. HiORIriE MhiusEis IN WAsLes.-A- whole family has been murdered in Wales in a way which, its tlie Spectator reimarks, re calls Be Quincey's account of the murders in llatclifi'l highway years ago, ascribed to the mere thirst for slaughter. At Llangibby, near Newport, Monmsoutlhslhire, a lad wenlt to call it fernsm laborer named Wtlkins to his work, when le saw thes bodies of the man and his wife lying on tlie garden-path, thIe throats of both being cut. Shortly after a labourer passing by saw smokl issuing from the cottage and mutdo his way in with ua companion. Upstairs they found the dead bodies of three children-one lying witht her head between a box and the bed stead, another under tihe bed, lying on its face, and the third in an inner room. The children were all young-eight, five, and four years of age. The wounds on the children were more severe than those of the parents, and it would soeem as if the father had been first attacked and stunned with a blunt instrument, his throat being after wards cut, and that his wife had been killed in a similar manner. After rummaging the lower part of the house the murderer evi dently went upstairs for plunder, and, lind ing the children, despatched them, setting the house on fire before making his escape. Suspicion soon fell on a Spanish sailor named Joseph Garcia, who had been re leased from the Usk county gaol only the day before, and later on had been seen near Llagibby. The driver of the mail cart froim Abergavenny to Newport recollected having overtaken such a person, and when he learnt that a murder had heen committed he coimmunicated with the police. Garcia canme into Newport the same day and took some water at Ia drinking-fouintaii close by the police-station. After being questioned by au constable lhe was apprehiended. Blood wsas founld on his hands, which were also scratched, and the staiu of half-washed-out blood was to be seen on the wrists of his :shirt, In a bundle that hie carried wero women's clothes and other articles, and on his feoot a pair of boots the property of the murdered e man Watkins. Garcia has since been taken before the nmagistrates and com mitted for trial on tile charge of murder. 'li'n; SooA or PERSAt AT rue P?ARse Ex imtivrox.--'Th S. 3I. llialcld's Paris cor re;ponldent writes :-We have so constant an inllnx of nmembers of reigning houses, and of the principal flusilies of Europe, that tite departure of the Shaih is already for gotten. ilis Per.tIan Miajesty however was ait large and liberal pureltiser, and a good many " nests " here have dIone a pretty good piece of work itl the way of "feathering " while he sojourned icn this country. While lie was a:t 1?olltainebleau, the innkeeoper, at whose house lie lodged with a few attend ants, ran up one of the most preposterous bills ever perpetrated in the innkeeping line, as may be judged from the following items, the stay of the King of Kings by the way being only of a couple of days : Flowers, £00 ; 20 fowls, £10 ; 1 cigar, 4/6; 4I rooms, £8; 2 boxes of cigarettes, £2 ; 12 peaches, £4 16/; 1 melon, £2 8/; 8 car riages, £32, dc., &c.; The bill for the two days amounted to something over £500. The Shah considered this piece of fleecing as being overdone, and his secretary was charged to remonstrate with the innkeeper, and to demand reductions. After a good deal of negotiating, the monstrous charge was cut down to £800, or £180 per day; but beyond this reduction it was found im pos ible to bring the innkeeper to consent, and this unparalleled pieco of extortion was accordingly submitted to by the ruler of Persia, who will hardly be disposed to re visit Fontaineblean, should lie come back to Paris, as he expressed his intention of doing, " in live years from this time." While in Paris the Shah received 5-100 letters, mostly from people living here, and all asking for suoms of money, varying in amount from the moderate request for £2 to the more impos ing one for a loan of two or three millions of francs. These demands were made mostly by inventors wanting help for carry ing out inventions or undertakings. The sums asked for made up a total of fifty millions of francs, or two millions sterling I So much is said against the use of alcoho lic drinks in any shape and in any quantities (says the Pall Mall Gazette), that it is only fiair occasionally to remind the advocates of total abstinence that there are two sides to the question, and that, although alcohol tileen in excess produces crime, disease, and death, yet on the other hand it remains to be proved that when taken in moderation it does not promote geniality and good health ; and whether, moreover, it does not act as a preventive against mmay disorders. Dr. W. P'arr, in a letter on the causes of deatth in Englan d nd Wales, printed with the registrar- general's report just issued, says that alcool has undoubtedly a medi cital effect in mansy maladies; it stimulates the fainting heart after shocks of every kind. Port-wine is a potent remedy in fevers ; in stead of raising it reduces the burning heat of tie blood and calhns tile delirium of the brain. Alcohol appears to arrest the action of zymotic disea.es, as it provents weak wines from fermenting. Like camphor, al cohol preserves animal matter; this is not now disputed. But may it not do more? May it not prevent the invasion of some kinds of zymotic diseases ? Dr. Farr in vites the attention of those who have pour traye.l the bad effects of alcohol to consider wllether it does not prevent the action of various infections onil the temperate. The neglect of this side of the question throws Is doubt oil many of their inferences. The deaths ascribed to zymotic disease in 1870 were 960,060 ; to alcoholism, 1120. Now it is evi-luet that any effect depressing the pre valence of zymotic diseases that kill their tens of thousands will save the lives of thousands ; the same sanitary improvements that diminish thie prevalence of disease un doiubtedly diminish intemperance and fever ishl thirst. The primary step to put a stop - to deaths from alcoholism will, as Dr. Farr truly observes, be to secure pure air and ample supplies of pure water in every town anl every house; for bad air disorders the head, and water its well as wine and ale is required for drink by men as well as by women tand children. Presuming the report of a brutal assault upon a wife by Ia man residing at Ballarat be correctly given, one is almost staggered at the conclusion the bench came to at the flagraniy of the offence, judging from the punislhment inflicted. it appears that a masn came home in a state of intoxication, and finding his lihous-edoor locked, which it well might be, seeing that he was in the habit of deserting his homo for a fortnight at a time, lie thrust it open, seized his wife by the throat, and there held her until the blood oozed from her mouth and ears. She fell insensible, and the first thing she heard on recovering was the voice of her child ask ing, "is mamma dead ?" to which her ruflliauly father replied, "no ; I won't get the gallows this time." The woman ulti mately recovered sufliciently to give infor mation to the police; and upon going to the house, they found corroborative evidence both of the assault and the degraded state of the husband. As a sort of climax to this horrible case of brutality, no less tlhan six eases of wife-beatinlg were proved agaiust tihe mian since 1872, or something like one a )year. The opinion of the magistrates was that justice would be met by binding the brute over to keep the peace for twelve months, in very light bail. This meaus dismissing tihe assault, it is to be presumed, as it does not appear that he was either linted or imprisoned. About five-and-twenty lashles tand six montlls' lhard labour is about tile pinishment he ought to have received. In view of the very light way brutal assaults are let down oven by own belches and magistratcs, it is a matter of satisfletion to feel that such a case would never have heaen dealt withl in this lenient manner by any of them. A more scandalous miscarriage of justice than this could hardly be met with. MIr. P. sent hisa tawo boys to a friend's until the peril of an impending earthqluake sloultl be past. In a few days hl e received this letter: " Please takeo your boys home, and sendsti downV the earthquatke." The Porte, it is said, is about to grant all Etglish company a concession for ait railway fromi Mecrsitat through Diarbeoltkir to Erze retum. Time line would be constructedil both for straitegical and t cotuercial purposes. A mitm in New York ihas a watch whlich lIe atys hisgineiicd enoughl time to jldy fior itself it six smisontha. 