' '''' GENERAL EXTRACTS. ; A.Maobi Ball.—During his Excel\x=req-\ lenoy the Governor and suite's visit to the Thames, the Maori residents gave a ball to him. It was entirely their '.own affair; and although tbey were . ; ■liberal in the distribution of invitations,1 , ; they firmly but politely insisted on preserving their positions as generous Ghosts and hostesses. There was little characteristic about the ball except the excellent taste in which the Maori ladies and gentlemen were dressed. ...They were good dancers, thoroughly M.np in ball-room etiquette, and were exceedingly proud of the position which "they'occupied. All tho viBitorB, in, olnding his Excellency and suite, the '* Ministers, and the officers of tho »Nymphe, heartily enjoyed themselves up to a late hour in the morning. The Advertiser is informed that tbo Thames natives had been looking , forward to the display for a long time, and they had been most industrious in -preparing themselves for the danciug and other etiquette of tho ball-room. ■ One Maori lady who occupied a prominent part in tbo afiair, deserves oredit for the trouble Bho took in the tuition of her friends. For five months soma time was devoted every day to practising the figures of the quadrille, , in consequence all tho Maori ladies were thoroughly an fait. For the most part, however, their partners were puzzled in their endeavours to pour "soft nothings " into the ears of their dusky companions, but al] seamed to enjoy themselves nevertheless. It is tho first hull hold undor Maori auspices in Now Zealand, nnd nono more orijoyable has evor taken place, ! Chancellor ok the University.— Sir Will/am Manning lins been elected Chancellor of tho IJmvoraity, in tho plnco of Sir 13. Doaa Thomson, resigned, Successful Torpedo Attack.—From the following telegram from St. Petersburg, of January SO, tho Russians would appear to have boon more successful in thoir second torpedo attack on tho Turkish ships at Batoom than they were in tho previous attack .— " Adjutant.General Aukas telegraphs that the Russian steamer Constantino left Sebastopol on tho 22nd instant, to cruise along the Circassian coast and in the neighbourhood of Batoum, and arrivod on tho 2'lth instant at Soukum Ka/o, after having experienced a severe storm. On the night of the 29th she approached Batouin, whore the Turkish squadron, consisting of seven large vessels, was stationed. Captain Mara\x=req-\ koff, the commander of tho Constantine, despatched two torpedo boats, armed with Whitehead torpedoes, under tho command of Lieutenants Sazaronny and Stechinsky, to attack the Turkish ships. They sent two Whitehead tor\x=req-\ pedoos against the screw steamer whioh was keeping watch, and Captain Marrakoff announces that these torpedoes shattered the- vessel, causing her to ■ sink almost immediately. The broken spars and debris were Been floating about on the surface of the water. The cutters were unable to save the Turkish crew, and returned to the Constantino, which then proceeded along the coast to Samsnn, and afterwards returned, hb instructed, to Sebastopol on the 28th instant." Southern Railway Extension The works in progress at this end of the line (says the Albury Banner) are being pushed ahead with great energy. A length of two miles from the Sydney road to the big cutting at Fallon's vineyard, is complete and the rails laid. At the cutting itself the laBt week has made a wonderful difference. Here and there at intervals along the lino, shorter lengths bavo been finished and a commencement has been made at several other points. Disputed Claim. —• The Imperial Government have made a claim on Victoria for £7000 odd in connection with the Nelson and her outfit The Government are well assured (states the Melbourne Age) that every penny in connection with this transaction has been paid long ago. However, the subject has been referred to the Agent\x=req-\ General and to persons iu Victoria. Is it a Judgment, or What?—Mr. E. A. Baker spoke truly the other evening (says the Forbes Times) when he informed the House, during the debate on Mr. Hurley's motion, that the Grenfell School of Arts had been open on Sundays for some time past. Bat surely he might have gone a little further and explained bow and why it was open, not only on Sundays, but night and day all through the week as well. Being interested in the prosperity of schools of art, and anxious to learn from what source their usefulness could be increased, we made some inquiries as to the status of the Gren\x=req-\ fell institution, and find on unquestionable authority : That tho doors, what remains of them, are never closed; that the windows are broken and shattered; that openings sis feet wide have been made in the walls by truant Btorms; that children play in it by day; that it is a common refuge for the town goats at night; and, in fact, that it is neither useful nor ornamental, but rather a ruined reproach to the townspeople, and a tottering .testimony of misrepresentation on the part of the member for the Southern Gold-fields. The Newcastle Defences.—A detachment of thirty artillerymen, under Lipuienant Le Patoare], is now at Dawes' Battery, in readiness to leave for Newcastle, to form & garrison for the defence of the port. It is stated that they leave on Wednesday. The Governor of Victoria and the President of the Council.—Much conversation has taken place in political circles (according to the Argus) on a correspondence which has paBsed between the Governor and Sir W. H. F. Mitchell. On Thursday evening Mr. Berry, in moving for a committee to prepare an address to the Governor, referred to these letters, and stated that the President of the Legislative Counoil had disgracefully and slanderously charged bis Excellency with having effeoted a corrupt bargain with the Government. This oharge, said Mr. Berry, was elaborated in the article in the Melbourne Review, and he bad it, on almost indisputable authority that Sir W. H. F. Mitchell was 'the winter of that article. The internal evidence alone would have convinced Mr. Berry, bnt on the other hand he was aware the President denied the authorship. Whether Sir W. H. F. Mitchell was the writer or not the Chief Seoretary declined to say; but having read the correspondence he was prepared to declare that the obargesof the article were those of the letters, and only a base mind, only a man capable of corruption himself, would Wave framed them. The correspon. dbnee, it seems, has been sent to the Secretary of State, together with a Ministerial memorandum. Ultimately Mr. Berry accepted a diolaimer from Mr. Service that the Opposition did not sympathise with a charge of corruption, and broughtthisportion of his address to a close. The correspondence clearly exculpates Sir William Mitchell from the obarge of slandering the Governor preferred in tho Lower House, Sir Hercules Robinson was involved as a witness in tbo dispute, and in his letter of explanation Sir Hercules, with his ububI frankness of expression, gives the assertions of Sir Goorge Bowen distinct contradictions. Pol* the wost part tho correspondence is of a personal character, and it contains many episodes, both interesting and important. ■ The Lynching of Corcoran at Samoa. Her Majosty's ship Sapphire, on her arrival at Lovuka from Samoa (stataa the Fiji Times of March 16, had on board a Mr. Hunt, who had been brought before her Majesty's High Commissioners Court, and tried for conspiring, with other persons unknown, to murder one Edward Charles Corcoran, an Amerioan subject. Corcoran had murdered a man named Fox, formerly a resident in Fiji, by stabbing Win without the least provocation. For this lio was broogbt before tbe American Consul, and, after trial, fonnd guilty, and ordered to be taken to San Francisco for conviction and Bantouce. Ho was sent on board tbo schooner named tbe Ada Hay, in irons, for that purpose, Tbo white rosidents, including Gormnns, Amoricans, and English, all objected to tbis course, as it was thought tbe sentonce of tbo law would tbus bo evaded, and Corcoran was known to be a most dangerous character. A meeting was accordingly beld, attended by a large number ot poople, and it was decided to bring Corcoran on shore and bang him forthwith. This was soon done, and Corcoran, after engaging in prayer with the Rev. Dr. Turner, was run up to a cocoanut tree and allowed to rer main nntil tbe following morning, when his body was taken down and buried. For this, Mi-. Hunt with others, was brought before tbe Commissioners Court, and after a hearing, Hunt was ordered to be brought to Fiji and be detained in Totoga prison for twelve months, bnt without bard labour, tbe others being discharged. Mr. Hunt has given notice of appeal to our Supreme Court, as he will have an opportunity of being defended by counsel, which he bad not at Samoa. In the meantime he is at large on bail. Chinese Gamblers.—The genius of tbe untutored Chinese has again overleaped the obstaoles tbrown in tbe way of "fan-tan" by tbe educated Caucasian. They play now, not fan\x=req-\ tan in which brass counters are used and money passed, and tbe counetrs separated into lots of four, but a game in which a number of dice are thrown and separated into groups of five, there being a distinction without mnch difference. No money is passed, betting being for cardboard checks. These checks are, it is said, exchanged for money at the close of eaoh game, and in a separate building. We (Ballarat Star) have often pointed out that it is impossible to cheok Chinese gambling; but that the practice of allowing European boys to gamble with Chinese could, and should, be stopped at once ; and daily, or rather nightly doeB tbe evil of Europeans gambling with Chinese soem to increase. Clearing the Lachlan. — The Forbes correspondent of the Parkes Gazette reports that Mr. Kirkwood, a Government officer, is now there to start on a journey down the river, fully equipped to take a proper survey of the stream from Forbes to the Mur\x=req-\ rumbidgee. Ha has a whaleboat and a skiff with bim, also a party of men. His work will be to ascertain levels, high water marks, &c.;, and if he Bhould be able to report favourably to Government, snogging, no doubt, will at once be oommenced, and wo may yet see a small fleet on tbe Lachlan River. 