SOMETHING LIKE GRATITUDE. Me. Ceeswick, in his splendid delineation of the character of King Lear, is now reading us a wholesome lesson on the baseness of ingratitude, which, perhaps, the most of us need. It is refreshing to find people who do not require it ; and Mr. Higgins, of Mur- rurundi, is one of these. Thisis what he says in the Maitland Mercury : — THANKS TO THE REV. R. V. DANNE. SIR, — I feel in duty bound to make a public acknowledgment of tbe great service rendered to me and my family by you. I had two different complaints of an old standing. I sought a remedy in different quarters, and to no effect. I can certify that I have been effectually cured of both for a charge far below that which I would expect. As to the cure of one of my family, it was almost miraculous. The neighbouis could hear the cries of the patient during the period of suffering. I received from you some medicine, and, strange to say, in twentv minutes the nartv could walk about. JOHN HIGGINS, Murrurundi. We are happy to be the voluntary means of giving further publi city to Mr. Higgins' grateful acknowledgment of kind services ; but we wish to know more — What are the old diseases of which the rev. gentleman has cured him? Is the latter a medical as well as spiritual physician ; and how about the fees that were lower than Mr. Higgins expected ? This does not say much for the charges the rev. gentleman usually makes. But the closing paragraph crowns the lot. " Strange to say," says Mr. Higgins, that one of his family, who was shouting with agony, was able to walk about twenty minutes after he took the rev. gentleman's physic. Did Mr. Higgins expect him to give up the ghost immediately he took the medicine ? It looks as if he expected a very different result ; at any rate, Mr. Higgins, doubtless, means well by his advertisement ; but what a pity people who cannot write sense will air their opinions in print. It is to be regretted that when the rev. physician wrote the prescription he had not written the advertisement as well — if for no other purpose, to point out in the cure of what special diseases he is so successful. Benefactors are so scarce now-a-days. - 