Select - : Poetry. THE CLOSING SCENE. fThe following is pronounced by the * WostmiuLster Review.' to be unquestionably tho finest American poem ever v. ritRn The author's name as far as we Jcnou* has never been made public.] WITHIS the soher realm -,f leafles trees. The russet year inhaled the dreamy air. Like some taqned reaper in bis hour of ea«e. When all the field are lyinp brown and hare. The erav barns, tooTrinu from the ha&v; hills Oe'r the dim waters widening in the vales, Sent down the sir a greetine to tlie mills On the dull thunder of alternate flails. All sights ^ere mellowed iind all pound subdued, The hills Seemed fuither ard the streams sang low; 1 As in a dream," the distant woo'drasi hewed . His winter Jog with many a muffled blow. The embattled forests, eretrhile armed in pold Their banners bright with every martial hue, Now stohd, like some sad beaten host nf old, Withdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. On^^mWoBS wings the vulture tried his The dove scarce heard his sighing mate's complaint, And, like a star slow drowning in the light, . The village chuich-vane aeetned to, p≤ and • .: faint. .•..••:- Hie sentinel cock upon the hillside crew— - Crew- thrice, and all was stiller than boforerr Silent till some replying wanderer blew H i^ alien horn^ ani then was heard no more. Where prst the jay within the elm's tall crest ' Made garrulous trouble round the unfledged yf> And where 1lie orio'e hung her swaying nest, By every light wind like a censer swung; Where sang the noisy masoas of the eaves, The busy swallows circling ever near. Foreboding, as the rustic mind believes. An eariy harvest atid arlenteous year. Where every bird which cliarmed the vernal feast Shook the pweet slumber from its wings at . morn, ." To warm the reapers of the rosy east—a All sow was sougleas, empty, and forlorn.. Alone, from out of the stabhle, pipPd the quail. And croaked (he crow through all the dreary eloom j Alone tbe jiheasnnt, drumming in the vale, \- Hade echo to the distant cottage loom. There was no bud.no bloom, upon the bowers ; "The 'spidera wove their thin shrouds night by " . nigbt;'- Tbe thistle down, the only ghost of flowers, , \vjSaflfp i^flow^y by—parsed noiseless out of jLSiiS all4liis, in ihis most cheerless air. ' .ffliere the woodbine sheds upon the ^gporch •rmsiOn lpaveR, as if the years stnpd there jng the floor With his inverted torch— js.'the centre of the scene, hite- haired matron, with monotonous (ad, . {. »iwift wh»el. and with her joyless mien .'Pate, and watched the fly iii£ thread. Slie had known Sorrow. Ho liad walked witb J ' ler ' 0ft crust 6 M d br0llC W ' th ,ltfr l,le as,,cn j And inThe dead leave, still herd the .t jr j . Of his black mantle trailing in the dust. ! Wlille vet lior clicek was bright with summer ' bloom. ! Her country summoned, and she pave lier j all; And twioi! War bowed to hei his sable plume- He Rave the swerds to rust upon her wall. Re-cave the swords -but not tho hand that drew, And struck for liberty the dyinir blow : ?Nor him who, to his sire nnd country true Fell 'uiid the ranks of the invading foe. j Long, but not loud, the droning wheel went on, , Lilte tlie low murmur of a lnvo at noon ; Long, but not lond. tl„, memory «rtl,e Bo„e Breathed through her lip* a sad ami tremulous i jKn0. At Inst the thread was snnpprd— lier licud was I bowed ; | Life droppad the distaff through his hands | serene ] And loving neighbours smoothed her enreful shroud. While Death and Winter closed the autumn scene. I 