Wagga Wagga. Dec. 9. The usual weekly meeting of the Railway Extension Committee was not called on Monday evening1, as it is felt that, in the present aspect of political matters, there is nothing for the committee to do but wait. Considerable interest is felt as to the probable suc cessors of theFarncll Minittry— much more than is usually mani fested in this part of the colony in Ministerial changes. The general feeling ie one of the most earnest hope that we shall not have a Robertson Ministry, as in Sir John Robertson the southern route is said to have one of its most steadfast opponents. One of the bits of information dropped from the deputation to Sydney in this matter, not reported, is that in con versation with Sir Henry Parkes, that possible Premier of the future expressed himself as being so fully impressed with the im portance of the southern route, that he would, if Minister, go out upon the question. We all know that expressions of this sort, given in this way out of office, are seldom held to be of binding import when office is entered on. And it is extremely likely that. if Sir H. Parkes should get hold of the reins again, he too would be found to follow the general rule. However this may be, the railway extension people at least put then- trust in him just now, and the wish therefore that the telegraph may bring the news that he has succeeded in forming a Ministry may be found to be pretty general, at any rate in the town. For the fate of the Ministry who' have just given up the ghost, there is, I think, on the whole some feeling of regret in this district. A good many are concerned to think that their retirement just now will put off to an indefinite period a great many useful measures, for which the country has much need, and with those the tbought is that it would have been much better had they confined themselves to the endeavour to force legislation on these matters and electoral refonn, with the declaration that they held that the magnitude of the land question, and the necessity 'for a thorough reform of the whole of the administration of the hind laws, would be sufficient justification for putting it off for the deliberations of a reformed representation of the country. The week has been marked for the Roman Catholic portion of the community by a spiritual retreat, which was opened by Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of .Goulburn, and {conducted by Rev. Mr. Kelly, S.J. A very large number of worshippers have taken part in the religious exercises of the time, and the sacrament of Confirmation was administered by the Bishop on Sunday to a great number of the youth of the Roman Catholic faith in this district. There was some talk of a visit from the Kev. Mr. Chiniquy about the 12th or 16th instant, but as yet the announcement of his visit has not been published. As application was, I believe, made to the Freemasons' Hall Company, for the use of the Masonic Hall for the rev. gentleman's lectures ; but it is said that it is ex tremely doubtful that the directors will let the building for the purpose, and it is thought that the lectures will be held in the Wesleyan Church. Alterations are proceeding to the Wagga courthouse, and we are promised extensive changes in the Wagga gaol. As the pre sence of the hitter in the centre of the town is one of our pet grievances, for the removal of which there has been some agita tion, it will he understood that we ai-e not jubilant over the news tliat the Government are about to spend a lot of money on it. The hope of removal seems, from this move of the Government, to he poshed farther off than ever. There is some sort of a revival of the half -holiday movement on foot just now, the proposal of the Early Closing Association being that all places of business should be closed on Wednesday after noons. It is e aid that the banks have consented to this, and those of the storekeepers who have as yet been deputationized on the subject appear to be willing- to make the conee.-sion, but a few have yet to he waited on. 