CJjc Wallaroo Cum WALLAROO, SATURDAY, AUG. 31, 1878. The speaker in the House of Assembly on Thursday last, announced that he had received the resignation of the Hon. J. Colton, of his seat in the Hoase lor the District of Koarlunga. The announeement.that .the Iter. Charles Clark the brilliant lecturer, accomplished eloctunist and amusing humorist will givefiis first lecture on the Peninsula at Wallaroo, mil be read with plea sure fay all classes. Mr Clark's orations are Justly called leeture-enfcertaiaments, for they are entertaining (a the highest and fullest sense of the -word; and this must be the chief reason of the remarkable success -which everywhere attends him. He adheres himself to, and wins golden opinions, from all sorfcs'ani conditions of men and women, and thus. iik is not why in cities and towns, but in remote country yillages he has crowded audiences, and people ride or drive in many scores of miles in order to participate in the general enjoyment. All over the Australian colonies, to say nothing of the new world and old country, which he has recently -visited, the name and fame of Charles Clark is a household word. In the course of his -present tour he- has been induced by a liberal to give a couple of octures at Po rt Augusta, whsn he will leaye next Wednesday for Wallaroo, where be will give his lecture on the same evening. As his opening entertainment he will give his -magnificent * Westminister Abbey" to hear which in Adelaide bo many thousands of people were Tinabie to gain admission- And no wonder % for tio 6 ibji»"t eoulJ brt eh?sen of greater interest to Eugli-'wia tii*n tiiat giarious ibr-trV, ererv stono of is a record of some heroic deed of saiutlv ▼ircue, or of pure and beautiful renown. On Thursday evening, at Ejadina, Mr Clark wi l give hi? celebrated lecture on " Charles Dickens," the entertainment by whieh he first established his brilliant reputation. On Friday Mr Clark will appear at Moonta. No fewer, then 250 farmers and others from the various northern agricultural districts waited cn the Commissioner of Crown lands. oc Tuesday morning last in the land office to urge the neces eity of steps being taken to; put down the rabbit nuisance. Dr.Stephens said, in the course of his statement on the subject, that it would cost £30 for every thousand acres to clear the rabbits from the land, and, unless «ome legislation was undertaken shortly-vto suppress the nuisance, the farmers would be eaten out of their holdings. Mr Walters of Halletfc stated that last year out of 5.800 acres sown with wheat, the rabbits destroy" ed the crops in 4,936 acres in one district alone. The farmers would never get rid of them unless tthe Government gave their assistance. Mr Ridg way, of Kooringa, said that members of Parlia ment did not seem to know what the rabbit nuisance was like. It was useless to call it a pest it was equal to an ^Egyptian plague. Several other members of the deputation spoke to the same effect and the Commissioner in replying said that he believed a large and influential de putation would have a good effect on the Legis lative Council who had yet to make a just appreciation of the terrible rabbit pest. The 'G-overnment would destroy all rabbits on waste Sands and travelling reserves, but at the same Home they would expect people to clear them from their own property. The Bill would give to the Governor power, on the recommendation ' .of the Commissioner to declare any district in lfested. Then the Commissioner took all the powers tthat were given to District Councils to go on land and order the destruction of rabbits, and if the orwnera did not do'it he could send his own men on the land , and, charge the owners with the cotf, A correspondent writing from Baranga Gap states that tbe longed talked of township at Black Point is being surveyed. The situation is admir ably chosen.' It*is on Sec. three hundred andthree in the |Hundred of 'Barunga- The country around is clear, and there is no doubt when the township is offered for Bale it will be eagerly looked after. It is usually said that as soon as a Government township is sold up goes a blacksmith shop, a store, a chapel, and a pub. and the township is formed. Lochiel has, how ever been an exception to this rulefor at that place the " public" has for years stood alone, and to all appearance is likely to remain so, w« can vouch that this will not be the case with Black Point. The completion of the railway will be looked for ward to with pleasure, and as soon as the line is in working' order there will be a source of revenue, though not at first perhaps large) which has hitherto been overlooked—the carrirge of wood, to the town there being none within 5 miles excepting small quantities ou private land As soon as the towusliip is properly formed it is to be hoped that the inhabitants will bestir them selves so that a better crossing place may be found over the creek at the foot of the Hum mocks. j A gentlepaan who visited Ninnes Plains a few days agd informs us that, the rush of water to the large dam recently constructed has washed away a considerable quantity of the puddle, and tha as a " a stich in time saves nine" it wo«ld b* ad visable to have the matter remedied. This should certainly be done, as Ninnes is likely to be a large agricultural settlement shortly. A party of surveyors under Mr Krichaff are now busily en gaged in surveying the hundred. The Ballarat Star is informed by a financial agent from South Australia that over £500,000 of Victorian capital has been absorbed in invest ments in his colony during the past 10 weeks, and as much more is now awaiting the usual for malities to be completed, when that too will become part and parcel of the wealth of the sister colony. If the increasing value of land in Adelaide, and its steady depreciation in Mel bourne, are to be taken as evidences of the position of the respective colonies to which they belong, we are of opinion that the investors aforesaid have not acted unwisely in seeking more profitable employment for their capital at their command than can be found in Victoria. Tbe Scarborough eighteen made 124 runs in in their first, and 125 in the second innings. The match was was won by the Australia eleven with 46 runs to spare. By the latest telegraphic news from America it appears that the Australian cricketers are about to carry their conquering bats to San Francisco, where they are announced to play against a local twenty two. A correspondent informs us that the crops at Barunga and the Candowie plains are not in such a forward condition as they were this time last year, this is looked upon by the farmers as being favourable, they think that there will not be the same likehood of being troubled with red rust, which has not to the present time made its appear ance iu those district. A stranger visiting the northern position of Yorke's Peninsula, and who on his way from the Metropolis travels over no less than 17, out of the 33 miles of railway between Kadina and Port Wakefield which has been four years under con struction, although there are no Engineering difficulties to contend with ; such an one should he visit the Kadina and Barunga Gap Sailway Works would certainly be astonished at the pro gress made considering the short space of time that has elapsed since the works were commenced. Messrs Fry Bros, are evidently determined to complete their contract within the specified time. The ballasting is now laid for the first time 20 miles from Kadina, while six miles are laid with rails. They have juet commenced the formation at the Gap, that being the termination of their part of their work. Some unexpected, and we think, unnecessary delay is likely to take place owing to the fact that " the powers that be" dis prove of building the culverts with stone. The exact reasons we are not aware of, nor is it easy to conjecture, as more excellent stone than that which is taken from the quarry at the 18 mile would be difficult to find. The tank at that place we are informed does not hold water so well as niight be desired, but still the supply is a great to travellers. Messrs Thompson and Riselv, the contractors for the Barunga extension to Black Point are pushing on Tignro isly witli the earth, work, their aieii are now chiefly employed in form ing tbe principal embankments. Prom the na ture of the ranges and the deep gulleys that run in many directions, any person going through the Gap before the works were inaugurated would have thought that in some places at lg»6fc there would have been very deep cuttings, instead of this however the prinicpal ex penditure wiil b& on bridges and - embankments. In approaching the galley where the largest em bankment (about the 24ft high) is being formed, a pleasing sight attracts the attention of' the traveller, about 40 or 50 white tents are dotted on the dot gjjving it the appearance of a canyas town. One enterprising storekeeper from Kadina has just erected a g&£r&nzied; iron stone, at which the men can be supplied h all necessaries. There can be little doubt that wftee $he lines are completed that part of the country wiH be a favourite resort for pleasure seekers^ To give those who have not seen the part of the country through which thn Barunga Gap Railway runs from the top of the Hummocks towards Black, Poinj "an idea e£ tfoe declin,e we may state that it is nothing very much than that from the top of Sunnyside to Wallaroo. A deputation Jrom Mallala waited gq. fhe Commissuu^ejr of Public Works on Thursday iasfc to urge the deeii&bility; of constructing a line of railway from Port Wsfcjfield to Salisbury via Mallala. The deputation received a most favor abie ceply from the Commissioner, &&o; was to endeavG* to have the line surveyed and the ia&d; reserved for railway purposes. The line between El&dioa; and Wallaroo is being vigorously proseeuted. The earthworks will be formed from Kadina to near Wallaroo in about another week; and as the ballast is stacked along side tha line it can be laid without much trouble or delay. We are informed that a locomotive will run from Port S^kefield- to Kadina daring theensutng week. Mr Butler, the contractor, informs ns that he screened the rubble as desired by the Corporation but he was.not aware that the gauge was -to be 2 a inches. A runaway occurred at Moonta on Tuesday, for tunately, however, attended by no serious results. A horse attached to a buggy bolted from the Moonta Mines. A gentleman who was in the trap at the time thinking discretion the better part of valor, jumped out. The animal coursed through the town at a terrific pace. Mr T. Brown, of the Moonta Mines stables, pursued on horseback and succeeded iu getting up to the runaway, and caught the wins. This was not unattended with danger, as at one time one of the shafts got between his leg and the saddle flap. The horse was at last brought up without injury to anything. The last move on the European political chcss board is stated to refer to the^island of Tendedos, near Besika Bay, about 17 miles to the south of the western approach to the Dardeuelles, which will in all probability be ceded to England by the Porte. The dam to be constructed at Clinton for which tenders were accepted some six weeks ago by the Government, is, we learn, not yet commenced. There certainly seems 4 to be unnecessary delay about the mutter. If it is intended to save any water the work should have been pushed on, and there can be no reasonable excuse for the delay, as some of the unsuccessful tenderers proposed to complete the work in six weeks. We are not aware of the difference in the tenders, but as things are at present it certainly seems to be ' a " penny wise and pound foolish" policy that is being pursued in regard to this matter. Yesterday afternoon a horse and spring dray belonging to Mr King of Wallaroo were stand ing near the Ship Inn, when the animal suddenly bolted in the direction of the Bay, then turning up to the left it made towards the Magazine, closely pursued by Constable Donegan on foot^ who was, however, unable to overtake the runa- ; way. Two persons on horseback then took up the pursuit and eventually succeeded in arresting its progress; fortunately without the animal hav-1 ing caused or received any injury. The annual services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Home Missions were held at the Wallaroo Mines on Sunday and Monday morning the 25th and 26th inst. Three sermons J wese preached on Sunday by Mr Jacka and the Rev. J. B. Ashton of Moonta. On Monday a public meeting waB held, There was a fair at tendance. The Rev. J- Weir presided. The Rev. W. Diment read the annual report, and pleasing and instructive addresses were given by the Revs. J. W. Mouland and W. Eooke. The choir rendered several choice pieces of music very effectively and the proceeds were satisfactory. A real live ghost is believed by some persons to haunt a house which has been untenanted for some time in Johnson-street. A few nights since a resident of our town, happening to pass the particular locality referred to after night fall, was horrified by the apptarance of a figure in white, which he stated placed its hands upon its knees and groaned dreadfully The said resident did not however stay to interrogate the " unpal mockery" as to the meaning of its peculiar con duct, but exercised such unwonted yelocity of movement that he found himself at his own door in an extraordinarily short space of time It is stated that his hair resembled the " quills upon the fretful poroupine" to an extent that defied both 'brush and comb to make it assume its original condition, until the state of nervous agitation into which he had been thrown by the apparition had somewhat subsided We expect to hear before long that constable Donegan has, succeeded in exorcising this unquiet spirit, and that he, she or it, as the case may be, is safe in the custody of Corporal Smith at the lock up A most extraordinary circumstance has come to light in reference to the proposed Port Augusta Railway. A grea„ portion of 14,000 tons of rails, which have recently arrived at that port, having been pronounced unfit for use and would render the line . dangerous if laid down. In reply to Mr Rees' question on the subject in the House on Tuesday last the Commissioner of Public Works stated tkat the Goyernment had sent in structions by telegraph that any money unpaid was to be stopped j and also that the consulting Engineer and his Inspectors were not to be em ployed again until further orders. V Erom the very great increase in the quantity of wool grown in the colony within the past 10 years it is evident that it will eventually rival our cereal, and other principal productions in importance. Referring to the Pastoril and Agri cultural Sociery's Annual Exhibition held at Narracoote on the 22d inst., thei local journal remarks that it was generally admitted that Thursday's show was the best ever held under the auspices of the Narracoote Society, as far as visitors were concerned, it certainly was the best. Sheep breedere came out Btrong, and as a com munity we should feel proud of the pens of sheep exhibited. The exhibition in fine wools was simply magnificent. Every year our sheep far mers in the district, show a marked improvement in their breeding. Responsible Government in colonies, remarks the Saturday Review,notwithstanding its practical merits, has the disadvantage of containing within' itself zhe conditions of an antimony or dead lock. The able and ambitious leaders of provincial Parliaments may be excused for not possessing in an equal degree with their more ari&trocratic; prototypes at home the instinct of moderation and compromise. Colonial Secretaries and -fheir col leagues generally disposed to give a liberal interpretation, of the indefinite powers which they derive from the CoBstitution. If thev differ in opinion from the Governor fchsy feat epleasure in asserting their independence; they sometimes rather invite than avoid collisions between the two branches of the Legislature. One of Ujs imperfections of colonial institu tions cojjfiets in the difficulty of finding materials for a sesoB4 chamber. The House of LordB relies on ancient privilege, on wealth, and on social influence; but a Legislative Assembly has no personal superiority over an Assembly or Uogjge of Commons, and it less directly represent the numeral majority of the people. 