Selected Poetry. A White Camellia. (From the Atlantic Monthly for November.) EDGAR FAWCETT. IMPERIAL bloom, whose every carve we see A lovely sculptural symmetry control, Looking, in your pale colorless apathy, Like the one earthly flower that has no soul, With all sweet radianos bathed in chill ecU]*-*, Pan ahape of oolorlsss majetty, you aaern Thr rose that Silence first laid on bar lips, Far back among tha shadowy daya of draaaa I By such inviolate calmness yoa ata gist, I donbt, while wondering at Urn spell it weaves, If even Decay's dark hand ahall dan to hurt The marble immobility of yoor leaves t tfat never sunbeam yet had power to melt . Thia virginal coldness, absolute as though ' Diana's awful chastity atill dwelt Regenerate amid yoor blossoming snow I Aad. while my silent reverie deeply notes i What arctic quietude in yonr bosom lies, A wandering thought across my apirit floats, Like a new bird along familiar aidea ... White ghost, in centnnea past bas dread mischaaea Thoa rained yoar vivid warmth, yonr fragrant b«*ath. While making yon, by uerailem ordinance, That first ef living flowers that gased on death? A LRTER which Charles Dickens once wrote to Hans Christian Andersen has been reoently published, and gives glimpses into the private character of both of theee great men. This is it:— " When are you coming to see us again ? In these yeara you have not faded out of the hearts of the English people, but have beoome even batter known and more beloved then when you saw them for the first time. When Alladin shall have come out of those caves of science to rutt a triumphant course on earth, and make v* all wiser and better—as I know you will—you ought to oome for another visit We would all do our bast to mak* you happy. I have had th* heartiest pleasure in hearing from you again, and I assure you that I love and esteem you more than I could teU you on as much paper as would pave th* whole road from hore to Copenhagen. Ever your afbetionato friend,— Cbajuj*s Dicum." 