FACTS AND SCRAPS. (From Hie Papers.) FBAES are entertained of tho low of the brig Heather BelL which left Sydney for the South Seas in August last, and has not since been beard of. Oases of housebreaking are becoming very torment in Sydney. An attempt was made on Saturday night, 21st September, to break into the store of Mason Brothers, at Circular Quay, but the burglars failed. The Minister for Works of New South Wales refused, oh the 4th inBtant, to indicate the proposed route of the railway into Sydney, as speculators were watching thc surveyors for the purpose of buying up the land. Subscriptions in aid of the family of Sergeant Walling^ who was killed at Dubbo, are arriv- ing in Sydney from all parts of New South Wales. The body of a man bas been found at Wal- gett, New South Wales, hidden beneath a sheet of galvanised iron, at a deserted home- stead at Niddribee Station, Barwon River. According to the Fori«'« Peninsula Adver titer they took a house to bouse vote at Moonta, South Australia, on the question of the early closing of public- bouses on Sundays, with the following result:-"The totals showing 627 ,in favour of closing »ll day on finnday« 31 BS at present, 4 For increased hours, and 5 for opening all day on Sunday. There were nine papers informal and eleven not returned." Reporta from Charters Towers to 2nd instant state that a crushing of 145 tons from the Queen south-west has yielded 12fi oz. gold; -142 tons from tho Queen prospecting claim, 59 oz.; 33 tons from thc Forget-rae-Not, crushed 07 oz.; and crushing from thc North Australian No. 3 north yielded 889 oz. of gold. A child, eighteen months old. was drowned in a tank on board tho immigrant vessel Smyrna now in Sydney harbour on 20th September. Air. James M*Guigan, contractor, of Mel- bourne has discovered a principle by which large guns can be accurately sighted by a person in a position of security at a convenient distance from thc gun. A means of accom- plishing thia end is Baid to be already known to the Imperial military authorities, but whether the methods are identical, or whether one has any advantage over the other or not, 1MB at present not known. W Jesse Shephard continues his sceanccs in Sydney at a guinea each far admission. He says that he will make the critics who have assailed him eat their own words before he bas been long among them. The wheat crops round Allora are looking remarkable well, and entirely new from rust. The Rev. Mr. Varley, «nco his arrival in ^Sydney, preached to great assemblages. He Jp a plain, outspoken, and most earnest man. Bfothing objectionable has been found so far in his preaching. Lady Robinson and party attended the calico ball On Tuesday night, 24th September, and about 1000 persons were present. The ball was given at the Exhibition Building in aid of the Infants' Home, at Ashfield. Mr. Ahern, of Blackall, has forwarded to the Board of Enquiry a quantity of seeds of the painicum decompositura, a semi-aquatic or swamp grass, which is known in the Cooper's Creek, Diamantina, as a valuable fodder grass I of highly fattening quality. It is hoped a congenial habitat will be found for this valu- able grass on some of the inside num. A writer in tho Press intimates that thc Aborigines' Protection Society will very likely take action against the Rev. Mr. Brown, for leading the attack against the natives of New Britain. The natives say that the traders had established numerous stations there, and for years had been on the most friendly tonne with the natives till the missionary arrived. The writer strongly maintains that the Com- modore of the Australian squadron is bound to make a full and official inquiry. Mr. Morgan, Crown Lands Ranger, has dis- covered the skeleton of a man near tho Moss- man River, supposed to bc the remains of a Chinaman lost there in March last. John Viles, a bondod warehouseman in Sydney, is insolvent. His liabilities arc £5700 with assets £2000. A Story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from thc the part of a ghost, and frighten John on his way home. " Wha arc you !" said thc gnid imva, as thc apparition rose before bim from behind a bush. '11 am Auld Nick, " was the reply. "Come awa, man," said John, nothing daunted : " gic's a shake o'your hand -I am married to a sister o'yours." Tile new light recently erected on Penguin Island, Rivoli Bay, South Anstrahlt, was exhibited on Tuesday night, 1st October. It was visible at a distance of fourteen miles. There are six great ocean steamships in Sydney Harbour, which absorb all shipments, rendering all sailing vessels entirely unprofit- able. Tile character of the trade of thc port is entirely changing. There was a very influential gathering at thc funeral in Sydney of the late Rev. Win. Ridley (editor of the Town and Country Journal), and high encomiums were passed on the deceased gentleman, at tho grave side. Mr. Weekes, the lawyer, delivered au ovation over the body. Mr. Warden Hodgkinson wired the Undor Secretary that a great reaction in mining matters is noticeable on the Etheridge. Three machines arc now (4th October) in full working and a fourth is being erected. Tlie action narrated in thc following para- graph might bc judiciously followed in Queens- land on tlie arrival of immigrant vessels : Thc Scotch immigrants who arrived by the Largs Ray at Adelaide were entertained by thc St. Andrews Society ou lhcevcningof thc23rd September. Thc proceedings were most satisfactory, and thc immigrants expressed their gratitude to their fellow countrymen for the hospitable nature of the reception. As proof of the rapid strides made in the literary world, it is worthy of note that thoro aro published in Victoria 151 journals ; in New South Wales, 118; South Australia, 39; Tasmania, 12 ; Western Australia, 3 ; Queens- land, 48 ; New Zealand, i)G : Polynesia, fi ; and New Caledonia, 3 -, making a total of 476 newspapers. In Melbourne alone there arc 30. Tho following advertisement, dated 27th September, apjienrs in tlie Lor/an Witncjts : Several busines men in Beenleigh arc willing to transfer their Accounts to any Bank that will commence business and keep a stock of Silver, so as to obligo their customers with chango." Bismuth has been discovered in New Eng- land, N.S.W., and promises splendidly. Tho " Vagabond has returned from Now Caledonia. Ho is going about with IIÍB arm bandaged and darkly hinting that "those Kanakas aro awful fellows." A new monthly called the Australian has been issued in Sydney. More thou ordinary literary ability is displayed in its pagOB. Dr. Manning ably defends, in the press, the clause in the new Lunacy Bill, introduced into the Assembly of New South Wales, giving power to examine lunatic prisoners in their own houses without bringing them into public court. The Assembly, however, refuses to enact such a clause, and Dr. Manning's letter has proved ineffectual. DEr-ABTuitE OF MK. C. J. GRAHAM.-In connection with thc projected departure from tho colony of Mr. C. J. Graham, we learn that, at a well-attended preliminary meeting of the officers and teachers connected with the De- partment of Public Instruction, held the other day, resolutions were passed formally express- ing their regret at that gentleman's contem- plated retirement from the office which he had filled so worthy, and initiating a move- ment for giving taugible expression of their esteem for his untiring zeal on their behalf since his connection with thc department. It was decided that Mr. Graham should be en- tertained at a social meeting, to be held at a time and place to be hereafter agreed upon, and a committee of ladies and gentlemen was appointed to make the necessary arrangements for giving effect to the resolutions passed at the meeting. 