I1WUM. HOW HE SENT THEM HOME. THE keeper of a lager beer garden in this city was one night put to his wits' ends to keep up the well-earned reputation of the establishment for good order. Two young men entered arm-in-arm, their noisy manner showing that they had been around a little too much. Approaching the pair Mr. R. shook hands with each of them and said, "See here, John, will you please excuse me for a moment, I want to talk with Jake." John consented, and Jake and Mr. R. retired to a short distance from him, when Mr. R,, addressing Jake, said, " See here, now, Jake, ) you are a gentleman and a friend of mine : now, John is a little ' off' to night and you see the style of people here, and won't yon do me the favour of taking him home ?" Jake replied, "Mr. H., John is ugly some times^ and he might get angry with me if I propose to him to go home before we get 1 some beer." R. then said, " Oh, well, I will fix that all light; you stay right here and I will go and see John." Going to where John was standing, Mr. R. Baid, " John, you are a gentleman, and a friend of mice. Jake is a little ' off' to-night, and won't yon do me a great favour by taking him home ?" John straightened up and said, " Mr. R., you are right; I'll doit." Mr. R. said, "Then go ahead and call and see me again," The two friends then approached each other, each of them persuading the other to go home, and left together, each happy in the thonght that he was doing a great kindness to hia com panion.-Rochester Union. FOOD A LA. DKY GOODS. A DKY- GOODS clerk who was staying after ordering his dinner at a Washington- street restaurant, waa requested by the waiter to take charge for a minute while he stepped around the corner. Before the waiter re turned, a big, hungry-looking customer entered, entrenched himself behind the first table, glared at the bill of fare, held upside down, and savagely demanded what there was to eat. The clerk saw that this was an emergency that must be met, and, after pinning on a napkin, approached and ran over the card after the manner of the counter : " I shall be pleased," said he, " to show you a very stylish line. We have a neat article in tomato soups-we are opening a new invoice of white fish-we can put np a superior quality of veal, or lamb with mint sauce-and here, oh, here is a lemon pie that 1B all the rage, and "Allthe-" put in the customer, catch ing his breath. " See here, young man. I hail from Norwich, and I can't stand so much giltedge. You needn't put up any veal or open any fish aronnd me. If you have anything fit for a tquare meal look it out. If you haven't I'll-" 1 What he would have done will never be known, for at this juncture the waiter him self came in opportunely, and the clerk dropped the napkin and retired in short order to enjoy his own dinner, ordering an extra cup of coffee to tranqullize his nerves. CATCHING A PICKEREL. I landed my first pickerel the first even ing we wete on the lake. I am not & skilful fisherman. I told the boys I could do a little plain fishing, but I didn't want to be set down for anything with any kind of Ant ing, embroidery, knife-plaiting or anything of that kind about it. I fished from the shore, by the side of a veteran fisher, Mr. A. K. Dunlap. He knows every fiBh in the lake by name. He can tell by tho movement of the line what kind of a fish is at your hook. Something ran away with my line. " It's a pickerel," Bhouted Mr. Dunlap, in intense excitement. "A big fellow. Take out your lines," he yelled to the rest of i them. " Give him plenty of room! Play him," he Bhrieked at m». " Let him run! Keep yoar line tantl Don't give him an inch of slack 1 Look out! Don't let him do that again 1 Let him run 1 Now, bring him in this Look out! Don't let him do that again!" By this time I waB so excited I was on the point of throwing down the pole and rnshing ont in the lake, intending to run the fish down and kick it to death. I screamed to Mr. Danlap: . " You take the pole and land him, I never can." He ref ose d. He turned and hurled his own pole, lance fashion, into the woods. ' "HereI" he shouted, running down the bank about twenty feet below me, stooping down and spreading out his arms. " Here! Now 1 Bring him in here through the Bhoal water ? I'll get him I Careful, now I Care ful! Steady I Ah " ' And flip, flap, I had him on the shore. He was a beauty. A little sunfisb, about three and a half inches long.-Detroit Free Press. A STORY is told of .'a former Judge of a certain Court in the Bay State, whose hair waB whitened by the frosts of near seventy winters before he left the bench. Entering a Boston and Maine Railway car one day, he saw but half a seat vacant, and that by the side of a very pretty young lady, gorgeously arrayed. The Judge was a great admirer of the ladies, and he immediately started for the seat. «'Ah ! beg pardon, madam," said his honour, " but is this seat engaged ?" " No, sir," modestly replied the fair occupant of the other half. The judge took the seat, and, glancing again at the dazzling beauty by MB side, he thought he recognised in her a lady he had met somewhere, and yet could not tell when or where. Finally he ventured to ask. " Madame," said his honour "madam, your face looks very familiar. I must have met you before, but really I cannot recollect " "Yes, answered the bunch of roses by his side-" yes, old butter, likely 'nough you have; it was only in June yoa sent me up for thiity days, and it's already eleven times you've sent me up for Bimple drunks." Exit the jud ge.-Alia Califorriian. . .,.... 3 *."' CLXJBS "WERE TRUMPS. I PADDED out my fragile form wittrmost . consummate still, v", And, havikg had my life insured, I paused to make my will; Then, bidding all my relatives a sorrowful adieu, I went and said, " Good-moming" to Policeman Forty-two. He filohed a pint of peanuts from a vendor standing by, Then gave hia club an angry tosa before lie made reply: , " See here, young feller, don't yer talk ter me like that agin- - " Move on about yer Ij&ainess; now, or else ril take yer in." " But, officer," I mildly said-alas 11 spoke no more; - He raised his shining locust high, ana awful oath he swore ; ' He beat me till I couldn't stand, until I could not see, , Then dragged me to the station-house, although I tried to flee. It there appeared that I had been decidedly at fault, And so I'm in a wretched cell, committed for "assault," Now, when too late, do I regret my bold and shameless course .. In ever daring to address a member of " the force." ME. SMITH'S ITEM. HE came Jinto the office, and drawing a chair np close to a reporter's table he said to the reporter: " Take a bit of paper and I'll give you a good item." ... When the reporter was ready the visitor began: "Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Smith-my wife, you know-and my daughter drove out with my bay mare for a little ride. Jenny was driving the mare, coming down from Mount Airy to the Wissahickon, when, just below the crest of the hill she kioked off one of her shoes." '.Jenny did?" " No; the mare. Mrs. Smith, however, concluded to go on, as the roads were soft and the mare quiet; so Jenny let her proceed slowly down the hill." - - " Let Mrs. Smith or the mare ?" # , " The mare of course. A few minutes later, however, while Jenny waB stopping to pick some ferns for her mother, a fly or something bit her upon the nose." " Upon Jenny's nose or her mother's ?" .< No no 1 The mare's nose; bit the mare upon the nose, and Jenny hardly had time to get back into the carriage before she began to rear and plunge in a most alarming ! manner." : " Not Jenny ?" . " Ob, pshaw, the animal, the mare. Mrs. Smith, of course, was very much frightened, for the mare seemed really excited, she began to scream violently and to try to get out of the carriage." " The mare did ?" " Mrs. Smith. But Jenny told her she could manage the mare if she would sit still." " If the mare would sit-?" " If her mother would sit still, but just then a buckle broke and Jenny was unable to prevent the mare from dashing down the hill | at a frightful pace. When thejr came to the i bridge over the oreek, Mrs. Smith was over joyed to observe the mare come to a dead , I stop; but unhappily, the next moment a fit of blind staggers struok her, and-" " Struok Mrs. Smith, or the-?" "Don't you understand? Struck the mare and before Jenny could comprehend the situation, she reeled about upon the bridge in an uncertain sort of way, while Mrs. Smith was completely unnerved and without self control, and the next moment she turned an entire somersault over the side of the bridge into the water." "Are you referring now to Mrs. Smith or Jenny or the mare ?" " Why, the mare ! Of course she dragged the carriage in with her, and Mrs. Smith and Jenny in it. All three sank to the bottom, but the mare almost immediately struok out for shore, and Jenny olasped her by the tail. AB they swam past Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Smith olutobed at her dress-" " Not the mare's dreBS ?" " At Jenny's dress, and this forced her to loose her hold upon the tail." " I thought you said Jenny had hold of the tail; not Mrs. Smith." . " So I did. Mra. Smith had hold of the-* the-IJmean, yes, Jenny had bold of the mare's tail and Mrs. Smith had hold of her dress." " "Whose dress, Jennya'a or the-'" " You know very well what I mean. Mrs. Smith held on to Jenny and Jenny to the mare, but Mrs. Smith pulled her loose, unin tentionally, of course, and as the mare swam off Mrs. Smith Baid to her-" _ "To the mare?" '. You think you're smart now, don t you ? You know well enough I mean Jenny." "Well, then, Jenny said to the mare, what ?" ' , " I've got a notion to punch your head for you, you scoundrel." " What did she say that for ?" " I came in here," said Mr. Smith, fiercely, " to give you a first-rate item, and I was going to tell you what Mrs. Smith said about the mare being dragged from the water and how she turned somersaults all the way home; but banged if I'll do it now." The reporter rose slowly, and elevating a chair to ward off the missle', he calmly inquired: . " What object had Mrs. Smith m turning somersaults all the way home ?" Thq people who saw Mr. Smith come down stairs and emerge from the front door say he looked as white as if he had just seen a ghost. ^ FATLURB OF AN ADVERTISING DODOE. The San Francisco Post say» : An ingenious tailor of this city gob a lot of empty pop bottles, put one of his business cards in each, then wrapped up every bottl« separately in a poisoned tenderloin steak and threw them into the bay from the ferryboats, one by one. He naturally supposed that the meat would be swallowed by sharks, that the poison would kill t'ae lutter, that the fish would float ashore, be cut open, the bottles discovered, the fact reported by the news papers, and an original and effective advertise ment secured. That was precisely what happened. D*y before yesterday a yachting party pickedup animmense shark not far from Alcatraz. In its stomach was found one of the bottles alluded to, and the card it contained handed to a reporter of this paper. The name of the clever merchant it con tained-will bs published at our regular advertising rates, if so directed by him. See terms on inside page. 