Cricket Notes, BY SQUARE-LEG. The Australian Cricketers, having suffered a defeat in Sydney, proceeded overland to Melbourne, where they arrived on Tuesday evening, and are now engaged in a match with a Victorian Fifteen. There was a liberal display of bunting in the streets on their arrival. On the arrival of the train a hearty cheer was given, and the team met with a splendid reception from those present. They were escorted to. the Town Hall, where they were cordially welcomed by the Mayor. At the banquet in the evening the Governor, the Bishop of Melbourne, and the Chief Secretary were present, and the reception accorded to the team was a magnificent one. On the Oval last Saturday the South Ade- laides had a narrow escape from being defeated by the Kensingtons* the latter having only 11 runs to win when the sixth wicket fell. Cole and Tardif, however, disposed of the remaining four for only 2 runs, and the Souths, who fielded magnificently at the end, won the match by 9 runs. The match between the Kents and South Australians was chiefly remarkable for the small scores made by the two champions of the team, Richards and Brown, and for the magnificent bowling of Noel, who obtained six wickets for 12 runs. This, however, was not sufficient to win the game for the South Australians, who were only able to make 60 against their opponent's 86. The present state of the Cup list is as follows :— Won. Lost. Unfinished. North Adelaide 4 0 0 Hinclmarsll .. .. 3 Norwood .. .. 2 South Adelaide .. 2 Kent 2 Kensington .. 1 South Australian .. 0 The Committee of the Gawler Club have made arrangements for a series of matches duriug the holidays. Full particulars will be announced shortly. The cricket match between the English team, captained by Lord Harris, and eighteen South Australians was begun on the Oval on Thursday. The South Australian Captain won the toss, and elected to take the wickets, Noel and Lucas being the first representatives of the team. The former took a maiden from Emniett, and Lucas scored a single off Absoloin. Noel scored 1, and then returned one from Emmett to the bowler. 1—1—2. Jarvis came next, and got 6 off Absolom's second over. Lucas was given l.b.w. to one from Absolom ; and T. O. Richards cut the last of the -over for a single, but Emmett's first proved too much for him, and he retired. 3—1—15. Slight sent one from Emmett into Webbe's hands (4—0—17); and Traynor, after scoring a couple, did likewise. 5—2—19. Wliitridge and Jarvis brought the score to 47, when the latter, who had played a magnificent innings, and was well set, was run out, after making 28. Phillips, like Slight and Traynor, *put one from Emmett into Webbe's hands. 7—0—49. Giffen went in, but lost his partner, who was caught at longstop off Ulyett. 8—12—49. Giffen failed to score, and retired caught by Absolom. King and Gooden stayed together, when the former was clean bowled by Ulyett. 10—2—53. Hide made 1, but was caught at the wickets off Ullyett. Pettinger and Gooden stayed in until the luncheon bell rang, and on returning brought the score to 70, when Gooden succumbed to Emmett with 14 to his credit; and Gibbs made a duck. Brown scored 1 and ran himself out. 14—1—82. Bullough went in, and lost his partner, who was run out. 15—8—89. Thurgaland and Bullough brought the score to 110, when the former was stumped after making 13. Bevan came in, but the total was not added to, Bullough being bowled by Emmett. The Englishmen sent Ulyett and Lucas to the wickets, but the former was caught by Thurgland off Bevan. 1—0—1. Webbe and Lucas brought the score to 32, when the latter put his leg in front. 2—12—32. Hornby, the Lancanshire crack, filled the vacancy, and at 66 Webbe was caught off Hide by King. 3—35—66. Lord Harris made 9, when he was got at by the South Australian professional. Mackinnon and Hornby brought the score to 105, when the stumps were drawn for the day, four wickets being down. I must call attention to what I consider a piece of snobbishness, although it is copied from English papers, and that is the plan adopted by the Advertiser of dubbing every player, except the professionals,. "Mr." This is quite new to South Australia, and I do hope it will never obtain a footing here. A GHOST.—A man saw a ghost while walking along a lonely highway at midnight. The ghost stood exactly in the middle of the road, and the wayfarer, deciding to investigate, poked at it with his umbrella. The next instant he was knocked 20 feet into a mudhole. Moral—Never poke an umbrella at a large white mule when its back is turned. 