AMONG THE SPIRIT?. ffkom a correspondent. "i Time, 7.30 p.m.. three weeks ago. Place, a parlor in Bourke-street. Dratnutis persona:, Dr Slade aucl sixteen ladies and ' gentlemen. Object of meeting, a scance for reception of messages from the dead, and examination of spiritualistic pheno- mena. Before the seance began, there was some general conversation, in which our several experiences were related. One, gentleman, I learned, was a deve loped medium, another was lately con verted from rationalism to a thorough belief in spiritist doctrines. Four mem bers of a family, father, mother, and daughters, all present, have for many months formed a private circle, their weekly meetings being marked by extra- ordinary manifestations. Two or three were confirmed sceptics, and determined to ascribe everything to imposture, and two or three were neutral, having formed no theories on the subject. Dr Glade was of course ihe lion of the evening, liis remarks being listened to with the greatest interest. His mediumistic powers have been apparent from his earliest infancy ; he does not pretend to explain, and indeed has 110 settled theory on the nature of the force by which the pheno mena are produced, although convinced that they must be ascribed to intelligent power's external to oirrselves, in a word, to spirits. Their manifestation is very irregular, and altogether beyond his con trol, he being merely a telegraph, as it wore, between the visible and invisible worlds, by means of which the members of rne sphere can communicate with those of the other. With him spirit writing is the most usual phenomenon ; but the levitation of heavy bodies ; the playing of musical instruments without contact ; the appearance of phantom lights, &c.; ; the materialization of spirits, and similar manifestations of a high order, though less frequent, are by no means rare. For the most part the tone of the audience was that of candid inquiry. Many brought folding slates, by hinging two framed slates together my brother brought a small piece of French chalk to be nsed instead of the pencil. A small four cornered oblong table was borrowed for the occasion from a neighbor present. None of these articles had ever been in Dr Slade's possession before the seance began ; and lie had never stood in that room before, except once when he looked in for a moment with a member of the family to see if it was suitable for the purpose. As far as possible without attracting notice, I myself examined the furniture, and I am positive that there was notliiug there to lead to the suspicion of trickery. The gas — three strong jets — was turned fully 011. Under it the table where places, at which three ladies and gen tlemen took their seats with the doctor, the remainder of us retiring to another apartment. I may state that during the evening there were three seances, at each of wliick six or seven members were pre sent, my brother and I taking part in the last. The whole wound up with a trance lecture, at which all the enquirers were present. A half hour having elapsed, the first seance concluded, and we were joined by the sitters. Their accounts of what took place were simply marvellous ; but these I am compelled to pass by, giving merely a few of the messages copied from their slates. To Mr B. — " My dear brother, I am overjoyed to write to you, God bless your dear soul, — William." To Mr C. — " My test is in giving you this writing again, "You will soon get spirit photographs ; we want our medium to go to your gallery veiy soon ;" and again, "Many are present, and all want to say a word to the friends, but cannot control." Mr C. and his family, I may remark, have spent more than £100, ex perimenting in spirit photography. To Mr F. — In reply to an inquiry made in German, "We cannot now give yon an answer, but will soon." Another message had the initials P.D. attached. This was identified as a message from a dear friend lately deceased, the initials of whose name were P.D. Such arc a few of the messages received, and are average specimens of spirit com munications. The second seance was' similar to the first ; an account of it therefore may be omitted. At the tliird seance Dr Slade was seated at one side of the table ; lie placed two ladies at the opposite side; a lady aad uy brother at one side, and another lady and myself at the other My brother sat at the right, and the last mentioned iJicly at the left of the doctor. T\re "were each provided with slates, some of them folding slates and never used before. Those that had been used were now thoroughly cleaned bytlie owners; with this cleaning the doctor had nothing whatever to do. On the table was a small tin box holding a few sticks of slate pencil about nan an inch long, and as thick as the lead of an ordinary lead pencil, being indeed merely the core of a commcn wood covered slate pencil. When a single slate was used one of these pieces was laid upon it; when a double slate was used the doctor would break off a fragment short enough , to stand erect in the space between the sides. In obedience to the medium we drew our chairs to the table, and placed our hands upon it ; the circle being formed by " each one's hands touching those of his immediate neighbors. We were requested to notice that the medium's knees and feet were -quite away from the table, as he sat sideways on his chair, though his liands were joined with ours in the circle. In a few pioments tie table began to rock to and fro : mv fiTinrr uroo almost from under me, and several loud raps, resembling violent blows with the knuckles on a door, or explosions in the texture of the wood were heard. In reply to the medium's query if any spirits were present, three strong sharp raps were given. .When asked whether the spirits were wdling to communicate with us, the three raps were repeated in a still more clecided manner. These raps we were toot rrf '7es-: The medium . . a slate, placed on it a piece of pencil one comer horizontally, so "feaf and hflf fW'f Wdde? by the leaf, and_ half of it exposed to view. In tins position the slate was several timns darned upwards, it was then totally drawn under the leaf, appearing again imme- l! Li?1 n0 m0re than two inches of I its length were concealed. Then, strange wJ'+R® S01u?ds offwriting were plainly S' d 6 1 g Sounds ma'l in forming such letters as m or n ; the long sound in foinung any or g the full sound in form- 1I1L' Grift. fnrwQ i > Uw -j V , iewer; the sharp decided sound made in crossing a t and the little detonation caused by dotting . I an j. The slate being exhibited, a message was seen- written ;in large, bold but almost illegible characters, the pencil writing on ' the last letter ; and the purport was tbMfthe spirits desired of communi- - ' eate. The medium during this and indeed all experiments was. visibly affected bv 1 bume strange influence.; his left hand was lOSK jf\ed llP and, down, and he l picplarSp s that he rroften suffered- intense A physical pain when in rapport. A fold'iiir ' " : or double _ slate being now used, was spasmodically snatched from view, and in ; the same manner appeared again ; next after many abrupt irregular motion 3 it settled on my brother's shoulder ; the a the sounds of writing within the closed slate were distinctly heard ; the slate was opened, and tlie message was with a little trouble deciphered. Several similar mes sages were received on air the slates in differently, the sounds of writing being heard as often when the shite was over, as when under the table. A rather large handbell placed at our feet was rung furiously, and was knocked two or three times with great violence up against the table, and ended its per formance by being forcibly thrown to the farthest end of the room. It was re placed, but remained undisturbed during the remainder of the seance . While wait ing for some other manifestation, the medium as well as we, was surprised to hear a noise, :is of some heavy body being dragged over the carpet. On looking round we saw that a large mahogany table heavily laden with books was moved about a foot from the wall. The table being replaced, was moved again a few minutes afterwards. The Doctor now stated that the stock of pcncilc iv.es exhausted, and my brother seized the opportunity of producing the j chalk. This was without reluctance on i the Doctor's part, placed in a folding slate', the usual jerking motions took place and were followed by the sound of the chalk writing almost as plainly as the pencils, the slate all the time being held by a corner, a few inches above the centre of the table. The message " We cannot write-any more now," was a gentle liint that wo wi re to expect no more spirit writing that evening. A young lady desired the spirits to raise her in the air, but a few attempts to do so were unsuccesstuL The medium now removed me to his right hand and desired me to placo my foot on his feet, thus preventing his moving them without my knowledge. Wo moved our hands to the centre of the table, the circle formed being now very small. As often as our hands were lifted simul taneously so often the table attempted to rise from the lloor, but succeeded only in tilting frmn one side to the other. At length, our hands having formed a circle for a few seconds, were 1 if foil off at a signal from the medium, and tier table without a hand touching it, rose bodily a few inches, and fell mstantaiioond;, to its place. This was a suiiieieody startling termination to the seance. A few words will suffice for the trance lecture. At tins all the inquirers were present — the medium fell into a trance — wliile unconscious a spirit control made use of his voice in giving a short lecture, the gas being turned down the medium j was controlled to sing "The Maniac by J the Sea Shore," and accompanying himself on the piano. The control described some spirits present. The medium re covered eoMsci< msness and was surprised to learn that he had sung and played, as he solemnly assured us that he did not know a note of music and never sang a song in his life. Thus ended my first spirit seince. During that one hour I had seen and heard more wonders than many will see or hear in a life time. The greatest wonder of all, in my opinion was, that sixteen sensible men and women, people of in telligencc, education, and of the world, would allow themselves to be cajoled by a string of the most impudently audacious impostures that it was ever my fortune to witness. In our preliminary chat the medium was furnished with much information, of which the spirits were not slow to avail themselves. Air B happened to state that the name of his deceased brother was William, and Mr 1) received the message signed " William," the only message received with a name attached. Mr C told us that all his family were ardent investigators, and that they were now engaged in spirit photography, and Mr C was told that he would get spirit photographs soon. Mr D stated that the initials of a deceased friend's name were P. D., and Mr D received the message with the initials P. D., the only message signed with initials. So much for this class of messages. AD F , a German, wrote a question in German, asking his mother, a German, to answer in German " Ya " or " Nein," and received for an answer " We cannot answer you at present but will soon." The medium did not see the question. My brother wrote asking a spirit to give its name. The medium did not see the request, and some time there was no attempt at an answer ; some attempts were made at length, but were all quite illegible. The medium " wondered if an answer could he got at' another sitting." The sound of writing was heard, and the slate produced from under the table with the word " yes." When told that this was no answer, lie said that the spirits must have been referring to his own remark. This explanation satisfied us. The spirits paid no more attention to my brother's request. How if AD F had received the answer " yes " from his mother, what would have been its effect ? All would have sworn "'twas an honest ghost, Horatio, "- and AD F would have been made a firm believer. When the question is not seen by the medium, the answers are generally as vague as was Air E -'s ; when false, there's a way to wriggle, out of the difficulty, as in my brother's case ; when true, the spirits get all the credit ; while chance 01 the medium's cleverness get none. When the slate containing the chalk was opened, the message witliin was found as described, hut the remnant of chalk was found crushed to powder beliccen the frames ! That the chalk was so crushed is proof positive that the slate was opened while under the table ; that in closing it the chalk got accidentally between the frames, and while in that position was ground to powder without the knowledge of the medium. Before reading the mes sage he as quietly and carelessly as pos sible rubbed off the chalk marks from the wood without making any allusion to their tell-tale position. So much for the spirit writing, wliich was certainly the best part the performance. Wonderful, how ever, as it appeared to be, there was nothing in it beyond the reach of impu dent jugglery. Whilst the slate was under the table, we were entertained by the ceaseless "patter" of the medium: — "Did you feel auytliing in your fingers, your hands, your arms?" "Did you" "Did you" to the several sitters. " I feel it running through my nerves." "Ah ! how it does sting and his left hand would be jerked upwards as if by an electric shock. " Your hands feel cold." "You have medium- istic powers, which with a little develop ment," &c.;, &c.; All this patter is' used simply to gain tipie. This object is fur- thered by his several times drawing the blank slate from under the table "to see if any message is written." Here, how ever, "clever as "he is, he overshoots the mark, for where is the need of looking for a message before the spirits are heard writing .it,- the writing being audible ac cording to himself J The plain fact is, he writes the message under the table with a pencil fixed on a thimble, or suspended fram an elastic sfring, 01 some such con trivance ; the message is wholly or partly written on .the- underside rwlufet die pre tends to examine the upper side of the slate, 'and- -the sound of writing can be easily imitated" by scratching ' with . the finger-hail,' or other juggling devices: Affile sitters are almost as powerless in detecting mposture as if their eyes "were bandaged and their wrists in handcuffs, for the "circle" must be maintained unbroken, and no one is to look under the table, otherwise the " influence" will he impaired or other dreadful results will follow. The fact, too, that " the gas is fully tinned on" simply heightens the effect, without in the slightest degree helping to expose the rationale of the trick. The bell-ringing is simple. It begins suddenly, continues hurriedly, and ends by the bell being thrown violently away, the whole performance lasting only a second or so. The medium, I particularly noticed, wore very dark stockings, and -shoes so loosely tied that he could throw them off his feet almost as readily as slippers. How, why does he continue to wear loosely-tied shoes, when he has been accused to his face of drawing his feet out of them for the nuroose of trickerv ? In his own room he wears slippers. "He is in the habit," he says, " of wearing slippers in tlie house when receiving visi tors, and shoes, loosely tied, in the street." He knows that he is suspected 011 account of these unfortunate shoes. ' ' He invites the most rigorous tests of his integrity," I hut he won't wear elastic-fide boots ; his love of plain dealing is not heroic enough for such a sacrifice. He could easily slip his foot from the shoe ; seize the bell- handlo with his toes, and throw the bell away before any sitter had the presence of mind to look under the table. The tlirowiug away of the bell formed a neat excuse for the cessation of the ringing, and the dark colour of his stockings would elude detection in the gloom east by a table surrounded with ladies dresses, if any sitter did happen to glance beneath. I placed the bell again under the table just beyond the medium's reach, and that bell was dumb and well-conducted for the rest of the evening. Tlie attempt to raise Aliss 0 was a failure. Her chair was shaken, whilst his and another sitter's hand grasped its back, it did not rise from the ground. " The spirit had not sufficient control." I believed him. The corner of the large mahogany table was near the. medium's chair, and wirhin roach of his left foot when extended behind him. When the table was jerked towards the medium, he, 111 great surprise, asked. Whas s that I and looked round hurriedly for an ex- pl.'t!.;u.ion. One would think that by this time the medium would nor lie surprised at furniture moving, that by speaking he drew attention to liis face from the table leg, and that his turning round accounted for his loft foot being near the large table, I and not under the small one as before. I replaced and watched it for a minute or tv.o, but no sooner was I off my guard thau it was jerked forward again, and the same surprise, the same question, and the same turning round were repeated. Is comment needed ? Tiie lovitarioii of the small table is equal's- niarvellous. My foot, it will be remembered, was resting on his, and all our hands were crowded to the oenire of the table. Now, by getting our hands in this position, the medium was enabled to get his elbows 011 the table without at tracting no'.ioe. Itenicniberiug that he knows perfectly well the difference be tween a test that is trustworthy and a test that is merely a sham, let us see the value of tiie test applied at this, and all his s. anct s. when a table is raised. I was invited to place my boot in a most incon venient position on his shoes. I was not invited to lace my foot or hand upon his knees, or between the frame of the table and his legs. The medium's knees were nor now quite away from the table as they were when the seance began, though now was die time when that test Would he of u-e if 110 deception was intended. Was it not easy to take his foot from under mine without my knowledge, especially if the shoe leather was purposely stiffened ? The failures of the table to rise at the raising of our hands drew our attention from his elbows to the spirits. When it did rise at last, it was lifted with his elbows and knees, then let fall, and the foot replaced in the shoe before there was any time to detect the trick, and all ended with a triumphant appeal to me to say if there was any deception. What shall I say of the trance ? Like the beautiful ladv in the rcrial suspension trick, his eyes assumed a dazed and weary expression. He lectured some platitudes that made no impression on the memory. He sang and played, and told our hostess that her in fant daughter would in time be a wonder ful medium. AD J asked if the deceased Airs J was present. " Yes, a tall, thin lady : slie did not suit, though Air J is short and burly." " Another lady, stouter and not so tall, was present ; she did not suit ; that was not the one required." " A grey-haired, elderly gen tleman, a friend of AD J 's was pre sent ; he did not suit, though AD J is old and bald." The spirits in the room were so numerous that it would be as difficult to find a friend there, as to find a mortal friend by calling in the most crowded part of Bourke-street. The medium awoke, and told us that he had been unconscious, that he remembered nothing of what he said or did, that lie could not sing nor play, and that was the trance ! In conclusion, nothing occurs at a seance in the expected way. The medium often looks under the table ; he shifts the sitters from seat to seat, and gets them so under control that they cannot investi gate, or their enquiries are baffled, and they in a manner lose their wits for a time. He continually takes them unawares, his tests are worthless, his presence of mind equal to any emergency. If he professed to be a wizard, I would have said nothing, but he calls himself a medium between us and the invisible world. " He can call spirits from the vasty deep." But will they come 1 I more than doubt it. I saw him do nothing beyond the power of a juggler. Professor Hennicke does the slate trick as well as he. What need of spirits to write a vague or stupid message, to ring a hell or tilt a table, if mortal hands can do the same quite as well ? Of spiritism I know nothing, and have said nothing. I know that hundreds of money- making mediums have been caught trip ping, that the Davenports were detected, and that the medium Foster cleared out without beat -of drum ; and I feel certain that if AD Slade has no better proofs of spiritualistic powers than he showed to us, he too, as a medium, will soon vanish from the scene. 