©gt »gölte]? iWoi'mitff j^eralV. THURSDAY, MAY 23, 1878. DtmiNG tho period of tho war excitement our telegrams have, often been so contradictory that it lias been difficult to know when to believe, and when to hold our belief in suspense. Under theso circumstances wo hardly know -whether to place full rolianco on tho telegram that a2>Pcal'3' *11 yesterday's Herald to tho effect that Russian agents hare purchased from tho Pacific Mail Steamship Company the steamer City of Sydney, tho purchase being obviously intended for naval purposes in caso of war. Tbo Pacific Moil Steamship Company is handsomely subsidised by tho Now South Wales Govern- ment, ns woll as by the Government of New Zealand, for carrying tho mails between Sydney and San Francisco. Tho City of Sydney is an American boat, built expressly for this service, and is now on her way to this port on a peaceful mission. If tho nows is true, she may ono day make her appearance off our coast in tho character of a privateer. Now n commercial company may consider itself entitled to turu .a penny in any way. ]Jut that a boat called into existence by our liberality, which has enrned its money in our service, which is subsidised out of our revenue, which is called after our city, should be sold by the company wo patronize, in order that it may prey upon our commerce, is a little calculated to gravel us. It is smart practice, but it is too smart to be agreeable. It is only about a fortnight ago that our two Chambers of Legislature agreed to some modifications of tho contract that the com- pany desired, and guaranteed the continuance of tho contract, on tho altered footing, for five 3'ears longer. Had this telegram arrived before tho Legislature dealt with the question, it is quito possible that tho confirmatory resolutions might have been postponed, and our Parliament might have paused to seo whether tho service wo were liber- ally subsidising was to be made in iudirectly instrumental in aiding a hostile attack upon our shores. The company has received more than mere commercial con- sideration from New South Wales, and the colony might fairly look for nu equivalent. We have thoroughly carried out our free-trade principles in subsidising a mail service carried on by a foreign company, and partly using boats built and owned in America. Wo have still further shown our liberality b3T paying for a service towards which America contributes nothing. Two Aus- tralian colonies, containing altogether less tuan 900,000 inhabitants, bear tho whole burden of supporting a mail service which connects them with forty millions of Ameri- cans. For commercial purposes the service is as valuable to America as to us, and the Americans are rightly enough utilising it to increase their profitable com ! merce with ns. Tet the forty millions of ' people in America do not pay a dollar towards tho subsidy ; the nine hundred thousand people in two Australasian colonies pay it all. And one of tho fir3t fruits of this payment is that part of the subsidised fleet is to be pre- pared to attack the very commerce it has been built to foster. In one sense thi» is re turning free trade 'with, freo trade, but it is also returning good with evil, «ind it is likely enough to be appreciated accordingly. IN the last number of tho American Exporter the editor says :-" It Trill not be long before our cotton spindles will whirl for half the world. Our manufacturers know this, and although they talk of Fall River as stopping production for a while, they aro adding new I wings to their buildings, and are puttiug in moro machinery. Another reduction of fifteen ' per cent, ia wages is threatened there, to take effect on tho day wo publish. Should this be successful-and there is not much doubt of it - tho paying point ia brown and bleached cottons is overcome; and Fall River will make cloth at a IOSB price per yard than Oldham." To protect the American cotton manufacturer in the market of his own country, ho enjoys the benefit of an. immenso duty. To protect him against his English competitor in the markets of the world, it 13 necessary to reduce the wages of the operative. Those -wages aro already lower than in the mother-country, and another reduction of fifteen per cent, is a serious matter for tho workman. The editor of the Exporter, however, talks lightly of it, ns tho eure meanB-of enabling Fall River to undersell Oldham. But what will be the effect in Oldham when the pressure of this competition is felt? Obviously, that there too wages must go down, becauso if tho American cotton-weaver undersells his British rival simply in virtue of ¡having cheaper labour, tho other will be ! driven to protect himself by trying to get his labour ns cheap. That this sort of movement is already in progress, our late London tele- grams indicate but too .plainly. In some of the cotton districts of Lancashire the em- ployers and tho employed aro seriously at issue, and at Blackburn, Burnley, Darwen, and Accrington there have been serious riots." If tho commercial contest between England and America is simply to be who con grind the workmen down tho lowest, there are not very pleasant prospects in store for either country. America used at one time tobo the paradise of work-. men, and ita compétition for labour tended to keep up the price of labour in England." Now times havo changed, and its competition for markets is tending to lowor the rato oC wages in England. It . might have been thought that in a domocratio ropubKo the wnge-gotting class would have' had moro control over tho situation than in a monarchical and aristocratic one. But this is ono of tho illusions which experience is dispelling. Times have been bad in America for three years, and wages havo gone down with comparatively Httlo resistance. Thoro have been some Rtrikes, but the only ono that assumed great dimensions was tho railroad strike that led to tho riot. On tho whole, tho resistance in England to roductioa in wages has been much moro stubborn aud bettor sustained than in America, while Eng tish employers havo never dreamt of employ- ing Chinese labour as American manufacturers have done. A popular political constitution, therefore, ha3 not proved to be either a pre- ventive or corrective of ecorfomicul troubles. It is impossible to road tho accounts of tho distress in America and Eng- land without congratulating ourselves on our own . prosperity. Our landon Correspondent tolls us that masons aro wandering about tho country in search of work. * What must they think of Australia when they road that in Sydnoy good workmen aro gottiug twelve shillings for a day of eight hours ? If tho money they had wasted in a useless strike had been spent in paying their passage out herc, they might have had no cause to repent tho outlay. Ia the ease of dead commodities, markets ¡ equalise themselves, for such commodities can bo shipped hither and thither. But labour is not a dead commodity, and there aro forces nt work with living beings that prevent the labour markets of tho world from equalising themselves. Thu cost of a stoerago passago from England to Sydnoy is about £1C, and this represents a shilling a day. Why then does not tho English mason emigrate, that ho may get Sydney wages ? Tho answer is, thnt ho cannot afford it. If lio had £15 saved, and a littlo over for extras, he could help liimself. But his savings have been used up by strikes. Why does not tho Colonial Government, which is tho greatest employer of masonB, import as many men aa it can employ ? Because tho political influenco of tho wage-getting class is opposed to such an importation. Why do not contractors import men? Because they aro afraid of offending those they have, and have no guarantee that the men they import will remain in their service. These considera- tions show that it does not do to apply the theoretical doctrines as to the equalisation of markets to labour. The allowance to be made for friction is very large, so large as virtually to neutralize the theory. THE published documents respecting the dead- lock in Victoria, and which, by the way, owe their publicity to tho English newspapers, and not to the action of the Colonial Govern- ment, shows how unsatisfactory it is to make any reference to the Colonial Office by means of telegrams, and under circumstances which make it difficult for a Colonial Minister to possess himself fully and freely of all the facts of the case. Even in the days before telegrams, it was difficult enough to make statements &o; complete and comprehensive that a Minister in England should be as fully iu possession of tho subject as if he had been on tho spot. But when all the telegrams had to be sent by post there was, at any rate, the guaranteo that either by means of the Press or by private letters, both sides could get fully and fairly stated. But now the case Í3 altered.. Tho Governor, and Ministers through the Governor, havo an immense ad- vantage in telegraphing information, and an answer is received virtually containing a decision beforo any communication from the other side can have been received and con- sidered. "Where a Governor is really impartial and can Btate the case with a judicial indiffer- ence, the inconvenience may not be very great, but where, as in the case of Sir GEORGE BOWEN', the Governor's impartiality has been impugned, and where every communication with the Colonial Office has to partake of the character of a defence as well as of a narrative, the case is different. It is impossible to read Sir GEORGS BOWEN'S despatches without feeling that he wrote them under the conviction that ho was on his trial ; that lie was arguing as an advocate for himself and unconsciously for his Ministers. There is tone and colouring given to his presentation of tho caso which prevents theso despatches from being exactly that impartial statoment which the SECRETARY ron THE COLONIES ought to have beforo being ablo to pronounco a decision. We have already indicated the points in which wo think the Governor deviated from his strict line of dutv. and the mistakes he has made. both. ia what he has dono and what ho has said. ' Ho has protested his impartiality with a fullness and a frequency which leaves it impossible to doubt that he really thinks he has been impartial. But that only makes it the moro ovident that it is one of the cases in which men deceive themselves. There is nothing in tho explanation he gives which in any way betters his defence, as ho has already put it before tho public, whilo there is much that makes it desirable that ho should be translated to somo other sphere of usefulness before the next contest between tho Assembly and tho Council comes on. Sir GEORGE BOWEN eulogises the great import- ance of impartiality in a Governor, and rightly maintains that while giving his actual advisers a full and just support consistently with the observance. of the law, he ought to be perfectly free to give tho samo support to any other Ministers whom it may be necessary for him at any future time to call to his councils ; but, after what he has said and done, we very much doubt whether he would feel free to jjivo the same support to any other set of men, or whether any other set of men would feel at all comfortable in their relations with him. CESTBAL CRIMINAL COURT.-The charge of murder I against Jane Jupp and Joseph Pitt occupied the attention of the Court for thc entire day, and at quarter-past 2 this morning the jury found both prisoners not guilty. The case will, of course, be duly reported. SÚFREME COUBT.-Business To-da}*.-Jury Court. Lamb v. Carter, part heard j Kingsbury v. Hnlkett, Now Zealand Insurance Co. v. South Australian Insurance Co., Sandemnn y. Woodhouse. Banco Court: Wheeler v. Jenkins, part heard; Kinj, v. Bloomfield, Montefiore and another v. O'Connor, A. S. N. Co. v. Thurston. Taxation of Costs, Pro thonotary's Office, at ll o'clock, ex porte Owston. Master's Office : At ll a.m., Brown and another v. Bibbs and others '2717¿, evidence of defendants Dibbs. DISTRICT Corm.-This Dav7-Issue from Supreme Court.:.Mitchell v. .Qroghon. OOH CABLB NEWS.-It is somewhat fortunate that j we received English news through tho cable up to the 22nd instant before the periodical announcement that the overland lino is again down roachedus. This time the brent; is soraowhero north of Powell's Creek. Thc " European Situation " is, however, not so strained just now but that we can wait a day or so for furthor intelligence. It will bo seen, by an explanatory para- graph elsewhere, that owing to a defective message Avhich reached Iteutcr's agency a mistoko of somo importance was made. Por tito last eight. or ton days wo have been under tho impression ? that the British squadron that took up its position in thc Sea of Marmora had quitted those waters, and that the Russian troops had simultaneously withdrawn to a respectful distaneo from Constantinople. In the face of this it was hard to reconcile the state- ments of tho last day or two, that thc Russians arc still near thc shores of thc Bosphorus. Now that wo have the error pointed out, the telegrams of tho last few days nre somewhat more intelligible. Our cricket representatives arc not exactly realising tho expectations that were formed of them when they left Australian shores. They may have met with adverse circumstances, of M hieb, the telegrams give us no intimation. But still there is the fact, that in their first innings with a Nottingham team, they have been beaten by more than two to one. Brilliant achievements, however, may bo yet in store for thom, notwithstanding thc disappointing com" moncomcnt they have made. BRITISH FLEET IN TUB SEA or MARMORA. - "We have been requested by Rcuter's agent to stato thati in consequence of his judging that nn error had I occurred in the transmission of thc company's foreign ' telegram of tho 12th instant, announcing the depar- ture of tho British fleet from the Sea of Marmora, he took occasion to telegraph home for a repetition of the telegram in question. The receipt of the repeat has been delayed by interruption to thc line ; but it now transpires that tho words received-" British fleet quitted Sea Marmora"-ought to have formed part of n preceding message, and which should there- fore have read as follows :-" It is semi-officitilly denied at St. Petersburg that Russia will take tile initiative, and commence to withdraw lier troops from the neighbourhood of Constantinople until the Turkish forces have evacuated the fortresses they hold, and thc British ironclad squadron have quitted the Sea of Marmora." GENÍ.UAL POST OFFICE.-Tho following arrange- ments have been made by tho Postmaster-General for Queen's Birthday. The various offices of thc mail branch will bc open from 'J to 10 a.m. only, and the morning delivery only will be effected by letter-car- riers. Tho country mails usually dispatched in the afternoon and evening, also the coastwise, inter- colonial, and foreign mails will close nt 9 o.m. The iron pillar receivers and receivers at suburban post offices will only be cleared ot the first usual hour. CARWAOE ACCIDENT.-Between C and 7 o'clock yesterday evening a horse, attached to a car- riage, took fright in George-street, near Goulbum strect, and bolted at a terrific pace till it reached the Haymarket, where it fell. The shafts of the carriage were broken, but no other damage was done. The occupants, Mrs. John Martin and n little girl, were somewhat shaken, but fortunately received no injuries. They rested for a short time in on hotel, and then proceeded horne. TUB HYDE PARK RIOT CASE.-The information acainst the persons charged with nn alleged not in Hyde Pork will be heard at the Central Criminal Court on Monday next, before his Honor Mr. Justice Hargrave. This information will be useful to wit- nesses and others engaged in the case. . PCRE-BRED STOCK-Brunker, "Wolfe, and Badgery report having sold, on account of Mr. S. Emanuel, Lansdowne, Goulburn, twelve young Durham bulls at 15 guineas each-Mr. Jessop, of Queensland, pur- chaser; and refused an offer of 380 guineas for his I young Durham bull Young Brunswick 3rd. STORE ROBBERY.-On either the night of the 12th, or morning of the 13th, of last month, about three dozen hats, of the value of £15 at the least, were stolen from the business premises of Mr. John Godfrey, of George-street, hatter. On the 7th of the present month constable Tindale apprehended a man on suspicion of being concerned in the robbery, on thc 8th a second, and on the 9ih a third, on the same charge. They were all remanded until yesterday, when, evidence being taken in the case, it was found to be a case of suspicion, and nothing more, whereupon the prisoners were discharged. REDFERN LITERARY SOCIETY.-The usual weekly meeting of the Redfern Literary Society was held in the Town Hall, on Thursday last. Thpie was a large attendance of members present, Mr. M aliar key occupying the chair. The business of the day was a debate on the question-"That the Crusades exercised a beneficial influence upon Europe. A humber of members spoke, and time expired before a division could be come to. INQUEST.-The City Coroner held an inquiry yester- day afternoon, at the Gardeners' Arms, Lane Cove, into the circumstances connected with the death of Eliza Parfit, who left her home on the 11th instant, and whose body was found on Tuesday last in the bush near the residence of her son. The extraordinary part of this case is that a man named Maxwell had been detained for a week on suspicion of having murdered the deceased, and was only liberated yester- day morning, soon after the body had been discovered. John Parfit, sawyer, identified the deceased as his mother, who was 68 years of age, a widow. She lived, said witness, with her son James, in the Fox Valley, Lane Cove. Another man was working there when she was missed. She was feeble in mind and body. The son James said he last saw her alive on Saturday week. When he left home a man named Robert Maxwell was present in the house with witness's mother. When witness returned; find- ing his mother absent, he asked Maxwell where she was. He replied, " She went to town," and pointed in the direction she had gone. Witness then went to search for her, but Maxwell refused to accompany him. as he said he might also be lost. Constable Kirby said he arrested Maxwell on the 14th instant, on the charge of being suspected of having murdered the deceased ; the man said ho knew nothing about her. Constable Williams, said he and others had been searching a long time for the body, and were only successful on Tuesday last-about ten days from the time the deceased was missed. There were no signs of a struggle near the spot where the body was found. There were a lot of broken sticks about, as if they were intended for firewood. Dr. Kyngton, of North Shore, said he had examined the body, and it was evident that thc deceased had had nothing to eat for several days ; in his opinion, she had been dead three days when her body was discovered. The jury returned a verdict that thc deceased was found dead in the bush, and that her death was due to exposure and starvation. They also paid high compliments to the police for their incessant exertions to find the body, and to the in- habitants of the district generally,' for assisting the police in a search extending over several days. It was stated, that about 100 people joined in the search at various times. l'BBDAionv Doos AT RANOWICK.-Yesterday morn- ing Mr. Pernell was gieatly irritated to find that during the night dogs had" got into the enclosure where he kept the prize geese which have gained such celebrity all over the colonies. Out of twenty-seven. birds sixteen were worried to death, and the remainder more or less injured. Fortunately some of the same strain have been sent to Tasmania, and can be obtained from there. Air. Pernell's actual loss exceeds £100 ; and it is all the more anuoving, as his prize sow, bred by Lord Ellesmere, and imported at a heavy cost, took cold at the late Exhibition, and died a few days later. THE REVIEW ON- THE QUEEN'S BntTiroAT.-"We understand that thc alteration in the original plan for holding the review in the Domain is owing in the first place, to the representation made by Colonel Richardson, that the ground is not' suitable for military manouvres ; and, in the second place. Mr. Fosbcry, the Inspector-General of Pouce, is of opinion that there would not be sufficient accommo- dation for the many thousands who would assemble to witness the review. Under these cirumstances his Excellency the Governor has consented to the review being held in Moore Park. - SALE OF QUEENSLAND STATIONS.-Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co. report by telegraph :-*' "We have sold Messrs. Brodie's Moselle Downs Station, Burke district ; also Mr. Frazer's Kilmorey Station, Maranoa district, the latter with 12,000 sheep, 350 cattle and I horses, and sundries ; both at satisfactory prices." Tins day, at ll a.m., New Zealand ferns. Bradley, Newton» and Lomb, auctioneers, Bprinc and O'Connell streets.-ADV. \---- 11 I CAMI O? LIV« STOCK.-Yesterday tftmocn » meeting .of commission aRcnts ww held tt ft, Clarence and New England Hotel, to reçoit* ft, report ol a deputation appointed to wait os th« manager* of tho steam companies relative to tbs tm of live stock landed on their wharfs. Aloemiu. rainier was called on to preside. Mr. G. W, Tatt, the secretary, reported that tho deputation waitcdon tho steamship companies' managers to request in ext«. Bion of the time to twenty- four hours during which lin »tockraightreinain on their wharfs. Af.terhíar¡n¡¡wlm the deputation had to say, Captain Trouton informs! them that when the managers liad deliberated enthtit proposal tliey would communicate their ilecisicn. Ile had since received a letter from thc manag»« d the companies. Ho read the lotter. It wa» to tl» effect that pending the efforts to induce the Corpora- tion to establish n receiving yard lor stock in til ..imnîtv nf tito fcteaift comnnnies' wharfs tV* li-u ir.- ......... me unn allowed for keeping stock in the companits* jada would be extended to twenty- four hours. Mr. It.s, Sadlctir said thnt the deputation had boen treated .very courteously, and lie proposed that the secretan should write a letter acknowledging their tXtm&a;, in complying with tho commission ugents' requat No doubt the companies had been imposed upon oa several occasions by speculators who left their stock on the wharfs for a considerable time, but th»t vasco I fault of the agents whose interest it was to havethi stock properly attended to. Mr. A. Brown seconded I the motion, mid it was carried. Mr. G. Coolta I moved a resolution to the effect that the comm'tinn agents should forward a petition to the Maror lsd I Aldermen of Sydney, drawing their " «tt«. tion to the deplorable state in which tW were nt present situated as regards the c¿, of stock, and requesting them to erect mibjili receiving yards to which they could drive thc steck, where they could remain for a day or two, ead pt food and water. That was what was wanted. Sow place near thc wharfs was required, and there Mt plenty of room there. Mr. Meiklejohn seconded ti» resolution, and said that by doing this they wodi strengthen thchands of Alderman Palmer to aid them. Mr. Sadlcar said that they could not do bettet tita get nn extension of the present yards, which rm suitably situated, well constructed, and troll' drained. The resolution was put, and untó mously agreed to. The Chairman stated fail he had written to Mr. Merriman, the Mayor, in Mel bourne, requesting Kim to get ns much information I he could from thc Mayor of. Melbourne on th! question of the general management of rtot! coming to thc city for sale. He \vn3 afraid that Mi Merriman would have left before the letter arrive: but if that were the case he promised to coatraunirt direct with tho Mayor of Melbourne. A cordial TO' of thanks was given to Alderman ralmer for prat ing. and thc interest he had taken in tisis mofcinet and the meeting terminated. AMUSEMENTS ON THE THE QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY - An ex traordinnry variety of amusements have been provided for this the most popular of our national holidays. Foremost of all comes the grand review of the Volun teer Forces by his Excellency the Governor and the Commander-in-Chief, which will take place in Moore Park about noon. Among other entertainments the most prominent and novel appears to be what is termed the "Grand National Carnival." This will, in the first place, take the form of a procession, which is to march in most imposing array from the Circular Quay to the Albert Cricket Ground, where sports of all descriptions are to take place. From the number of events announced there is little likelihood that time will hang heavily on hand. Mr. James Perkins will walk on a telegraph wire across the falls at Mossman's Bay, a distance, it is stated, of 1500 feet-at a height of 400 feet from the water; and he will also perform on a single piano wire. Steamers are engaged to run at intervals to the bay. Botany Bay will, as usual, be a favourite resort, Correy's Tea Gardens, and the grounds attached to the Sir Joseph Banks Hotel, contain all the essen- tials for healthy recreation and amusement chief among which may be mentioned the pleasant strolls to be obtained round the flower beds and gardens, and the pavilions and green swirl also offer inducements for dancing, of which the visi- tors will not be slow to avail themselves. The con- tiguity of the sea beach adds not a little to the attrac- tions of the Botany pleasure grounds. The Young Australian brass band is engaged to administer to the necessities of a picnic at Clontarf, to which place the Royal Alfred and Mystery will convey visitors. As excursion will take place to Athol Gardens, the Princess and Eva being engaged for the purpose. Clifton Gardens, Chowder Bay, will also be the scene of varied sports and amusements, and many steamers have been requisitioned for carrying the large number of people expected. The opening of the North Willoughby Hotel will be the occasion of a festive gathering in the grounds attached to the building. The Windsor Cricket Club will hold their annual picnic at Pearl Bay. Thc Railway Traffic Department picnic will be held in the Parramatta Park, when a large amount of sport will be indulged in by those connected with the railway. In the evening, there will be a grand concert in the Exhibition building, in which some of our best known vocalists will take part. There will also be tight rope performance by Blondin. The theatres offer most attractive entertainments. The charming comedy, "Our Boys," will, of course, be performed at the Royal. Mr. Creswick will remain the bright star at the Victoria; and Messrs. Baker and Farron will not find any necessity for altering their programme. Thompson's Diorama at the School of Arts, and the Ghost at the Guildhall will also be repeated. The holiday-maker will thus be extremely hard to please if he cannot find some entertainment to amuse him. INFIRMARY ITEMS.-The following case» have bm treated at thc Sydney Infirmary :-Stephen Calka, 60, dislocated shoulder; Robçrt Beny, 24, craiW fingers. STRANOB Airó MYSTERIOUS DitATif.-On Sattttdif last (says the Melbourne Telegraph. of Tuesday;, ti t mau named Thomas Broadbent was walking abai lit beach at Ellwood, he taw. a man floating to awl two feet of water. He at once waded into the wite and pulled the mah on to the beach, when he fond that life was not extinct, but the man was iwenallt, and blood was oozing from a wound on the forehtti Broadbent then ran to the Brighton police-ttationinl reported the circumstance, and Sergeant Fiimptuil a cab at once, proceeded to the »pot. Hefoundtlit the unfortunate man was.still alive,butinsetA, and without hesitation he placed him in the ctbw lind him ' conveyed to the Alfred Hospital, ¡a. Colquhoun, the resident surgeon, prráoiawd thc case a hopeless one, and the ill-fated gentle roan lingered . for only half an hour more, »te he expired. In the meantime his description H boen given to sergeant Holmes, of thc St Kitti police-station, and he being intimately acqusiatd with Mr. Matthew Craig, arrived at the condoin that it was him. Ile went to Mr. Craig's residettceiî j Inkprrann-strcet, St. Kilda, and ascertained from Hs. I Craig that her husband had not been homo «Bf morning. He quietly broke tho sad intelligente ti lier, and it was then decided that they should wt the hospittd. When they arrived there they foul that tito unfortunate gentleman had expired, and Un. Craig identified the remains as those of her buttai Ile had left home that morning at 0 o'clock to p>t» his business in Melbourne, as "Mrs. Craig Üinföi but he did not do so. Very shortly tits' o'clock Mrs. Craig went out for a «A and during her absence Mr. Craig retama home, and after remaining in thc houseafewnitai* he left.' The servant girl was the only persoiiat" | place at this time, but lie did not say anythitultolet He then appears to have gone in the dircctloaof tj< beach nt Ellwood, as he was seen and «pokentóg sergeant Holmes. ' At this time he nppesrtdtó « quite cheerful, and spoke of his intention of vmtinj a friend-Mr. 'Whitney-residing near Ellwood! W he did not do so, as "thc next pcrsen, so israin known, who saw him was the man Broadbent "'. Colquhoun expressed an opinion tkat the wound u the forehead was the result of a gun- ihot, asl jj was at first feared that th* deceased had met ** foul play. Subsequent discoveries, however, cw« a different impression to be entertained, fT it now seems probable that the uafortiul* gentleman met his death at Iiis own nandi* thorough examination of the besch vas made, sro" air-gun was found a few feet in the V" weapon had been discharged, and it was ¡dentíM» the property of the deceased. AVhen sergeant jwjj* last saw him, he was carrying something trwjP'' ! paper, and This is all i deceased's Ucam, uiiu uss miniim-iy um.T» ;- , thc mystery will ever be cleared upi . The was a native of Scotland, and leaves a wife «M»'' children to mourn his untimely end., Formant f*T he has carried on business as a general speen** having an office at No. 65, Uourka-street ts*4*? besides this, hè owned a considerable omM» *, house property in St. Kilda. fun day, st II «.m., ot th» -Vew Sal* luxmt, fjOfi O'Connell streets.-Most Important lal« et a new large vanity ol unique ornaments tor n»Iuri0'U-T!S, nt ThcaboTearo well worthy el inspection. ínsufli'**1*»- J lamil, auctioneers,-JJ>Y, 