) QUE.viMLTEUR: THEATRICALS AT ). BOOLONQ-. r Jlejestf at scars who necer felt a won, ml — Eomeo, t Onk of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, r of BooJong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, / was when he made his first and only appearance as an y actor at a private amateur theatrical eutei-tainment at his J own hous'ein Boolong, He, for some unknown reason, nad . conceived that' he was born to be an actor— to tread the boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it ' was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his > peculiar dehut. On finding the Melbourne .amd S.ydncy r managers unwilling to give .a perfect novice wiith blearing I red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their .sever.-il theatios, he resolved to " take the bull by the horns" and get tip a company of his own down ' at his place at Boo long.. He went to enormous- expense ' in building a small theatre, purchasing, wardrobe, h.aving I scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do the , thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a kind of scratch company, many of them like hiihselC, raw am bitious .amateurs," eager' " to- fret their hour upon the 1 ' stagej" andibne or two seedy outcasts of the profession ; .and he loolced forwarcV.to the profluction of his pet play, I," Hamlet," himself asithe- Prince, mtb much excitement, not unalloyed with pleasure; The amateurs, .after about a I ' month's constant rehears.al, were pretty perfect in their I . words before the curtain went up, hut .after it did most of , them forgot.' them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was intoxicated,'- and the likewise J Ophelia, an amateur, i . burst into a nervous fit of tears before-' she said a dozen I lines,; Banbury was roared at by tbe local personages who assembled to as-sist at the .amateur performance. But this was not the wor.st, for Banbury found that when the bills came in the expense w.as twice as l.arge>as he b.ad expected, .and'be could not 'meet them; " The fellows," he used to say, ' " allowed me to have whatever I w.antcd on credit, because 'they knew th'at -ray' rich iiricle in AdeTai'cle, a strict Method ist, would pay thein, but I knew very well be ivould do no such'thihg when be 'fduhd They were for theatrical trap- r pings, for if .'there Vvas one-' thing he held in abhorrence it was theTtheatre." ' WTia he to do ?' His uncle would disinherib:him,;turn'hirriout of the house he h.ad furnished- ,for him, and send him adiiftmh the; world. What was he to do ? His creditors wouldTiot wait -.and he- would be a miserable paupef.-iBut for 'all this ho did not lose his - .house, and:his5pobr uncle's fortune-is in- the .h.ank in his name,- thanks. to the- timely .aid of- one y-Zw is a friend to the drama as well as to the rest of the ?uo/'Z(-Z, who- advanced him the needful.-; .Need. "ive say 'his name; No- all know 'him I But we mayias'well relnafk it was the cJlampioib 'of the distressed, r . . DAVID HENRY, of 52-Oollins street east. Who has frQra.d£5,tO:i6iq,0q0.tpleud oiinptesof hand, bills 'of sale (with 'or' Sidttiout'seciunty),' salary orders', life (policies, certificates, deeds,, biHrpf, "laclihg, legacies, goods, : merchandise) bh 'expected renii'ttance or oh moneys per- sons may be entitled to from England, and elsewhere, etc., repayable to .suit the hoiiyeniehce' of 'bbfroivers. Bills discbuuted daily at the lowest' rate of interest, and hiior(gages .fi'bm C' per cent. ' ; . 