OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. [from our, own correspondent.! Saturday, October 19. The sensations this week have come from the sea, or have had some reference to it. The first was the mysterious disappearance of the Glen Osmond, a full rigged ship, which was towed out of Port Adelaide on Monday evening and in the gale broke loose from the tug, and was never seen again or heard off till the following night, when one of her boats arrived at the Semaphore with a report that the vessel snapped her cable and drifted in the storm amid the darkness till she ran aground on the western shore of the Gulf, at a point known as the Long Spit. A good deal of uneasiness was felt among those who had friends on board, as no tidings could be gained of the vessel all day on Tuesday, though messages were sent down the Gulf, and to the head of it. However, she was safe aground in the meantime, and assistance was sent to her as soon as her whereabouts was ascertained. The most important event of the week— or the subject on which the greatest issues hang in regard to the future of the coleny—was the debate on the English mail service introduced in the House of Assembly on Wednesday by Mr. Ward. The ex-minister and present supporter of the Government is wise in his generation and allows no opportunity by which he may improve his fame to slip by unimproved. The Victorian Government are evidencing a strong desire in their new mail contract to have a service direct between England and Melbourne, not allowing the steamers to call at South Australia, and not even to go on to Sydney. Mr. Ward's idea is that we should checkmate them—or at all events take advantage of our superior geographical position—by having a service independent of Victoria, the steamers running from England to Adelaide direct, and then perhaps going on to Sydney. He would make the depot at Sydney, if by tins means we can get the co-operation of H. S. Wales; and then in all probability the cost might be made very light to us, especially if branch steamers were running to and from Tasmania and Hew Zealand in connection with the service. Victoria would then be hoist with her own petard,* and we should be getting the due benefit of our position, besides opening up trade between the colonies named and our own. Mr. Ward withdrew his motion after a brief but hearty- debate, in which it was evident the Government would have the sympathy of the House in any judicious contract they may enter into for a direct mail service.; The Treasurer mentioned that the Government were already negotiating a contract, and they would take care that the interests of the country were projierly regarded. It was agreed that it wofild be best not to tie the hands of the Government to any particular route or scheme. It seems quite likely that the Orient , liners may be subsidised, as they are coming here regularly already, and it would not need a great snm to induce them to enter into a contract as to starting and arriving at fixed periods. Already they have done an immense service to the commercial public of South Australia, in reducing the freight from £14 a ton, [ which it used to be on the P. ■&.£)_ boats, to about £4 10s., and in guaranteeing that despatch and regularity which can never be relied on without steam, but which is so essential in the commerce of to-day. A Mudredsubject—also having reference to the sea—is the long-talked of outer harbor, which has progressed another stage. On Tuesday there was presented to Parliament the report of the Board of Advice appointed by the Government to report on the question of a harbor at Largs Bay, Glenelg, or Marino. They reported unanimously and very emphatically in favor of Largs Bay, and no other place has a ghost of a chance, nfttm'tlmfamiHiig the fact that on the very same day a petition signed by 2000 persons was presented praying that the harbor migbt be constructed at Marino. The Board was composed of the highest professional talent in the colony, namely Captain Howard, R. N.; Mr. Goyder, Surveyor General; Mr. Mais, Engineer-in-Chief ; Captain Ferguson, President of the Marine Board; Mr. Hickson, Engineer of Harbors; Mr. Oswald Brown, the new Hydraulic Engineer ; and lieutenant Goalen, marine Surveyor. They recommended a screwpile jetty at Largs Bay, 10,250 feet in length, and a concrete breakwater 1,500 feet in length, the whole eastern side of the breakwater being a wharf, ar being the best of the scheme,* hitherto brought forward. ^ But they think that for the present the shipping requirements at Largs Bay will be met by having a curved breakwater 3,500 feet in length constructed and the present semaphore jetty extended as suggested by Mr. Hickson. This would provide all necessary accommodation and would save £100,000 on the larger scheme given above, besides occupying only 2J years instead of four years. Ho definite statement of the policy of the Government was made on Tuesday, but from the tenor of the Treasurer's remarks it is likely that the Government will adopt the recommendation of the Board of Advice. ■She Estimates are being pushed on through the Assembly. The sum of £80,000 passed for immigration the other evening, and it was mentioned that £08,000 was of last year's vote of £80,000 had been spent up to May, thai with a good harvest the Commissioner expected to expend the balance and the £80,000 voted on Tuesday. It is satisfactory to know that the nominated system is being very largely adopted, and with the best possible results. A railway which is destined to play an important part in the future commercial histoiy of South Australia was opened to-day by His Excellency, Sir William Jervois, who made one of bin characteristic coleur de rose speeches, as to the wonderful \- results which will follow the opomng of the line to the Horth-West . Bend of the River Murray. The line is about 50 miles long, and in round numbers has cost about a. quarter of a million of money, or £5,000 odd per mile. It connects the Murray with Port Adelaide by rail, and according to the Governor, it will save eight days in the transit of wool from beyond Went worth as compared with the transit via Echuca to Melbourne. It is therefore destined to bring the bulk of the produce of South-Eastern Australia to Port Adelaide or Port Victor. The opening proceedings were on a grand scale. There were two special trains from Ade laide, and a rich banquet to which over 200 gentlemen sat down (all at the cost of tbe manjf-headedtaxpayer). Mr. Ebenezer Ward got most effectually snuffed out by the Commissioner of Public Works, who was in the chair, who called on the next speaker whilst Mr. Ward was trying to speak, amid cheers and hisses. 