THE EDITOR. THE editor who wills to please Must humbly crawl upon his knees, And kiss the hands that beat him; Or, if he dare attempt to walk, Must toe the mark that others chalk, And cringe to all that meet him. Says one, your subjects are too grave— Too much morality yon have— Too much about religion ; Give me some witch or wizard tales, With slip-shod ghosts, with fins and eoaleB, Or feathers like a pigeon. I love to read, another cries, Those monstrous fashionable lies— In other words, thOBe novels, Composed of kings and queens and lords, Of border ware and Gotbic hordes, That need to live in hovels. No—no, cries one, we've had enough Of such confounded love-sick stuff To croze tbe fair creation ; Give us some recent foreign news, Of Russians, Turks—the Greeks and Jews— Or any other nation. The man of drilled scholastic lore Would like to see a little more In scraps of Greek or Latin ; Tbe merchants rather have the price Of Southern indigo and rice, Of India silk or satin. Another cries, I want more fnn, A witty anecjote or pun, A rebus or a riddle; Some long for missionary news, And some—of worldly, carnal views— Would rather hear a fiddle. The critic, too, of classio skill, Must dip in gall his gander quill, And scrawl againsi the paper; Of all tbe literary fools, Bred in our colleges and schools, He cuts the silliest caper. Another criis, I want to see A jumbled up vaiiety— Variety in all things ; A miscellaneous bodge podge print Composed—I only give the hint— Of multifarious small things. I want rorne murriage news, says Miss, It constitutes my highest bliss, To bear of weddings plenty; For in a time of general rain, suffer from a drought, 'tis plain, At le»st not one in twenty. I want to hear of deaths, says one, Of people totally undone, By losses, fire, or fever ; Another answers, fnll as wise, I'd rather have the fall and rise Of raccoon skins aud beaver. Some signify a secret wish For now and then a savory dish Of politics to suit them; But here we rest at perfect ease, For should they swear the moon was cheese, We never should dispute them. Or crave or humorous, wild or tame, Lofty or low, 'tis all the same, Too haughty or too humble ; And every editorial wight Has nought to do but what is right, And Ibt the grumbler grumble. 