§,tthlwt 'HE WINS WHO WAITS,' , . BY- GEOS^ilJrOB, BURSTER,, AothbrMlJ!'- John Horton's Ward,' .'Mark Feiton,' ' The Best Man Wins,' ' Caleb Thornton,' &o.; ? / CHAPTER XXI. ( Continued .) 'She don't act now, I tell yon,' cried the Btoat actor. ' No, she writes tales and plays, and all that,' cried Mr. Todd, eagerly. ' Then you know her ?' 'No, no; but, as I tell you,. my friend Harrington got mixed up with soma annoy ance about some jewellery. There was a certain ring— an antique — ' «- Very large, 1 plain stone. I know it,' said Mr. Todd, proud to be able to take a large share of the conversation. ' You know it f ' echoed Yickers. ' Tut — nonsense — it was stolen 1' 'Well, all I can say is that if it was stolen she's got it back. Maybe,' went onMr. Todd, with a nod of sagaoity, ' the spirits got it back for her ; for she's a great medium, they tell me, and a leading card in tie pack of nonsense that'^Jhe fashion nowadays. Why, what's the matter? Surely you don't believe in that humbug?' Mr. Yickers had fallen back in his chair, his cheeks pale, his eyes distended, and staring at vacancy. 'D— me,' said some one, 'the man's . going to have a at. Here, Vickere, ' swal low this,' and he forced some wine down his throat. ' Did you see nothing ?' asked Vickers, in a hollow voice. ' Ha, ha I well done, and well aoted ! Br George 1 any one of U9 might have been prouc£6l;the performance,' cried the stout that Yickers was not acting, others- §ajg: - - ? ;7/:^VE^hgHl'l,J'. he presently muttered, in .. to Mr. Todd's inquiries, ''twas a ^.pissing delusion. I could have sworn I saw a shadow passing slowly through the ' room.' ' Oh 1' shrieked the ladies. ' Lord 1 you : don't say bo?' said Mr. Todd, junior, whose naturally sub stantial and praotioal order of mind soonted suoh impasaabilities as impossibilities. 'You've been eating lobster salad, re member. That's your shadow, take my word for it. Chumple, harrd Mrs. Yiaayia the olaret _ and Mr. Todd set himBelf to put matters in their natural order. So far he was- successful that presently everybody, ! even Viokers himBelf, seemed to have for gotten what the tragedian in the company aptly balled the ghoBt Boene. But, when Yiokers had departed with the rest of the company, Todd, junior, smoking one oPhis remarkable pipes, reflected on the 'G&atter.; 'Deuced odd,' said he. 'But I've a c happy thought. I'll run down to-morrow ifa.d. see iJisB Bertha. It will be a oapital L'' siouse to intrude myself upon Miss Laplaoe. As being a pieoe of information in the . spiritist line, she oan't but think me weloome.' \- Aud full of this brilliant idea, Todd, junior, retired to his oouoh. Next morning, or rather afternoon — for Mr. Todd now slept far into the day, both as a matter of fashionable custom, and also beoause - he needed the refreshment after his dissipations — he attired , himself with gr^at oare, and rode down to tlie ljouse in which- Miss Laplace resided, lady received him with' a significant V'amile, for it was not unknown to her that I'.Tpdd, junior, oheriBhed a seoret passion for ' her pretty:blerk; ' 'Well, Mr. Todd,' said she, for Mr. Todd had long managed to secure an introduction , , to the authoress, ' how do you do ? Do yon bring me any news of the gay .wHSol^or is your visit intended lor Miss Ber^mis' ? ' Oh.come now,'- oried Todd, juntwi. wag ging his flexible nose. . ' Don't noto, really, Ofoourse.I shall .be delighted— charmed to 1 »-i» MisajBamaby.'.^ut the fact is, I have a little news.,. Jjtometjiiug I've thought that yon can 1 know, in yoor olever novels.' . , .1 -? ; 'Indeed;- you are doubly welcome.- Sit . down, , Mr. Todd, and tell me all about it. And here. iB my fair amanuensis, ready to take down the particulars.' ' As- she spoke, Bertha, charminglydreased In summer. diess : and hat,1 entered ..the -room.- .Mr., Todd' prose'- and - bowed- pro . lonpdly, 'wagged his nose, vigorously, »nd trusted that Miss was- well— . M well yon; look, you know'— suddenly strnok by tne idea of this handsome oompli-:. ? msnt. This inquiry being satisfactorily \- arranged, he sat down again, cleared bis throat, ^ and, with great elaboration and emphasis, repsated the conversation whioh had taken plaoe at his supper-table on the previous evening. Miss Liplaoe listened in- , tently ; Berjha with growing excitement* ' It is ajp^infamous lie,'- oried the latter,-, .when Mr. Todd tonohed^pon that portion pi-: Yickers* remarks as referred to ' poor Har . riogton's' troubles in bonnebtion with the ? mqidor and robbery in Melbourne. ' It is: ? an'infamons He;' andsheturned upon Mi a 3 1 : Laplace with eyes blftEingVwith/.indigoation; :5hs»j»light form drawn tolits full height.. . For' ; t°int ofjealonsy, .which had come to .. , Mft when she first hear&i-of; Harrington's ;? trpnlile, was- iaow^iWa^ wWed; ♦ Miss . Jjapljoe .'smiled ' ' ; yyi' '. j,! I . ,V IU' aa Jou ,®®Xi lSfttba:'';'T'ho main who ; : tolls the st'or^was|p'tf aViniinBl? ' ? And 1 h» ; i:.: ? ' h.erftr-ignBu:, mora im oroaiflg-jnv Uathw '??Welli'I foreeaw.it.Vf ? , ? -.Jk These last words she muttered, as though to herself, the while looking dreamily before her. Todd, junior, putting this and that together, as he afterwards observed, felt an odd idea that he had got mixed up with somo conspiracy in whioh a ring, a ghost, a murder, and a pretty girl were all jumbled tip together. And he was not far wrong. But Todd, junior, found that, in taking advantage of his information to prooure an interview with tho lady of his heart, ho had hardly done his oause muoh good. ForBertha — unjust, of oourse, as we ever aro to those who bring us evil intelligence — now assumed a hauteur and coldness toward Todd, junior, that (to use his explanation of it to Mr. Chumple) regularly flabbergastod him. He left the house humbled and crushed, and riding home with as despondent an air as was consistent with a person of fashionable habits, he repaired to a favourito billiard room, and there drank brandy and water, and lost mouey to the marker and his friends, for tho remainder of tho day. ' Bertha,' said Miss Laplace, when they were alone, ' do you know that I possess the gift of prescience?' ' Indeed.' And Bertha's voice was very hard and g etallic. 'Yes, and I can tell you that your little heart is troubled. You are jealous. You deem that I — when I was beautiful and celebrated— stole your Edward's fancy, if not affection. Is it not so ?' Bertha looked up — her wistful eyes filled with tears. Then the odd sympathy with her employer's nature which had filled her being when first Bhe saw her once more conquered her. She fell upon the neck of her friend and wept. Then the other, with that tender perception of the young girl's heart whioh grew alike out of her past friendship (i£ not more) for Harrington and her present love for Bertha, told her the story of her meeting with the former. ' I was very fond of him, my dear. But this I know — he held you dearest and best.' And so this little storm passed, and suri Bhine beamed again. But over Miss Laplace there seemed to have come a grave Bhadow. Her usual sprightly humour had vanished; she remained thoughtful and abstracted during the afternoon ; and when Bertha was about to leave, she asked her to stay that night with her. 'I feel lonely, dear,' she said, ' and as though some danger threatened me. It is, of course, mere action of the nervous system. To-morrow we will take a holiday, and go off into the country.' And so, with music and occasional talk, the two friends passed the evening. It was nigh upon midnight when they retired. CHAPTER XXII. OLD FBIENDS AND A BESCDE. Captain Bath, whose ship had brought a oargo of wheat from Odessa, and who, be longing to the old olass of skippers, affeoted old olass habits and haunts, had his shore quarters at a certain tavern near the old Corn Exchange, muoh frequented by foreign and Amerioairsbipmasters. Here he would sometimes retreat with a fellow-skipper or two to smoke a oigar, and 'hist in' the peouliar poisons whioh owe their origin to Amerioan inventiveness. Now it happened that upon the day upon whioh Mr. Todd, junior, had waited npon Miss Laplace, and had told her his story, the captain had repaired to this tavern, whioh was oalled, if I remember aright, the ' White Horse Tavern,' and there seated himBelf in a quiet oorner to pernse some Boston newspapers with whioh he had provided himself. Thns he sat for some time so absorbed that be did not notice the intrusion of two persons, who, seating themselves in an opposite oorner, had full view of the Bkipper's lean, gaunt visage. Nor did be notioe that presently the younger -jf these persons started violently, half arose, and then, cheokiug himself, whispered to his companion, who, grizzled and olean shaven, preserved a stiff and oeremonious air, whioh betokened him to ocoupy the position of servitor or dependent, rather than that of a sooial equal of the other. The two whispered together for some seconds. Then tho younger man, who seemed Bomewhat feeble, and as though he were just recovered from a bout of siokness, passed over to the captain, and laid his hand heartily on tbat gentle man's shoulder. The captain looked up with tbat deliberation whioh characterised all his movements, stared into the young man's face, throw his oigar into the grate, and thon giving vent to a long whistle, seized the other's hand in both his own, and ex olaimed — 'It's Ned Harrington, by tho etarnal rattlesnake 1' 'Ay, skipper,' was the answer. 'It is I — or, at least, so mnoh as is left of me.' ' Wall,' exolaimed the skipper, still holding tho other fast by the hand, and shaking it [vigorously, ' this' is abeout the prettieBt pieoe of work I've known for some time. But, sakes 1 I reolron I know your lace, too. Wall, du tell.' and he graBped honest Benjamin— for it was he — by the hand. 'And when did you ar-rive, sir ?' said he, in hiB American fashion. ' But an hour ago. We mean to start at once for the oottage.' The oaptain Btarted, and looked gravely into tho young man's face. ' Creation,' he muttered, ' he don't know. Wall.'neow, I'm right sorry. But, sir, 'tain't no use going to the cottage.' 'How f Why ?' oried Ned and Benjamin together. ' That's no one thar as 'ud weloome you, I guess,' was the answer. ' My unole — Bertha— what of them ?' asked Harrington, exoitedly. The skipper shook his head, as, laying his hand'Qfion the young man's shoulder, he said: ' I thought you'd ha known it, lad. MiBS Bertha wrote to Auokland about it — so did I. The good oaptain* is gone.' He died full three months ago. The shook of this intelligence was, per haps, greater evtin to tho man than the master. Benjamin laid bis head upon a table, and fairly groaned. Presently he sobbed out: ' Forgive, me gentlemen. But, you see, I'd served- Captain Ba'rnaby, afloat and aBhore, more than forty years. If I may be permitted to say so, we were more friends than master and ' servant. I loved him, Bir,' he went on, -turning to Harring ton, his hard grey eyes overflowing, with tears, ' and when I was , searching for you, my constant prayer was that he might be spared to see us both again. And he is dead. Well, I don't care muoh now how soon I follow.'- 'No, no, Ben I' oried Harrington, clasp ing his hand, ' don't -say that. There's Bertha, yet— the old man's darling. We will.both live for her.' ; And where ia Bhe, sir P' asked Ben, addressing the skipper, whose self-control had boett sadly tried by the affeoting scene., ' Where is the pretty one ?' 1 ' ? . ; 'Safe and sound, and well;' answered the skippey. Say— I guoisl we'll all go dotyn and Beeper, It will he new life to hes. ?X'. reokbn- to'^see you., two : feaok again , to hum. (But you don't look; over strong .in healthSNed,' : ho went on. \- ,'/i-FOvihded',SadIy, skipper, in New Zen Jltratl i- ; ' , [To be' concluded in our. nex.t) r 