Important Insurance Companies ' Oase, SUPREME COURT, SYDNEY. j NEW ZEALAND INSURANCE CO. V. SOOTH AOSTRALIAN INSUUANCB COMPANY. THIS was an action, before Mr. J iwtice jraacecc ai a Jury of Pour, for the amount of a reinsurance j an open policy of insurance, dated 9th October, 1S7 on tho ship Oceanus. Tho policy contaiued the fi lowing in tho margin :-"Being a reinsurance of thrc Eevonths excess of £2000 that may be declared und the Ñew Zealand Insurance Company open policy N C84S for £5500, and subject to the terms and co (litions thereof, and tn settlement thereunder, in ca oE los3 or datnogn." Tho pleadiugs were vol miaous. On 20th October Cowlishaw Bro the declared in full on the policy ; and, on Ootob 22, plaintiffs declared that interest in tho polu executed by the defendants to the amount of ¿150 the declaration being endorsed by defendants. Co\ lishaw was interested in the careo to tho full ainoui insured. While tho policy was in force the Ocoam waa lost; plaintiffs paul tho full amount insured by tl policy, £5497, yet defendants refine to pay tl amount of the policy executed by them. Defendan pleaded-1. That tho policv was not their deed ; That the defendants wore induced to*execute tl declaration on tho ship, and to become such insure by the fraud of tho plaintiffs by concealing the fa that tho ship was long overdue. 3. That p'aintil wrongfully concealed certain facts as to tile ship beii BO long overdue that th» risk would not haye bet accepted at tho risk and rate of premium provided fi by tho policy. The case histed four days, and tho tri excited considerable interest among mercanti circle?. Plaintiffs case was proved by the admission i evidence of tho policy executed by the def enc nnts; Evidence for the defendants was then adduuoi Horace Townsend Hobey was the first witness calle for the defence. Ile was ono of tho firm of Kobe Brothers, and Co., general merchants and agents f< defendants in this city. About 11th September las Mr. W. C.Webb, from plaintiffs'office, asked him 1 give an open policy on ships fromTakao in China t "áydney for £1500, at current rates, namely, 2¿ or ¿ per cent. Webb did not mention the name of an ship, but said the National and the Adelaide had cac a policy for £1000. Witness understood it was a ri insurance on an insurance in plaintiffs' offico for £5001 A memorandum, written by Mr. Webb, was initially by witness, and it read m follows:-"We hereb hold the New Zealand Insurance Co. covered o merchandise per ship or ships from Tnkao t ¡áydnoy, being reinsurance of 3-7ths excess of £200 under New Zealand Comany's policy for £5000. Tho declaration, dated 22nd October, waa sen in, and also duly initialled. About a fortnigh after this, witness met on tho Exchange steps Mr M. C. Cowlishaw, who asked if witness had a lin* on the Oceanus. Witness replied, " Yes, we have do you know anything about her?' Coivlishav answered, " I believe she is duo or about overdue.1 Witness rejoined, " The devil Bhe 13; why, wo onl; got our declaration in the other day." Mr. Cowlishav said that the Oceanus had been 90 to 100 days out Witness made inquiries, and either the same day o: Bhortly afterwards met Mr. Webb on board a Nortl Shore steamer going home to lunch. Witness asket Webb if he knew anything about the Oceanus, a she was á long timo out. Webb replied, " Yes, BIIO i a long time out." Witness then said, " Well, this i an extraordinary way: of doing business ; why, th ship was overdue when we obtained a cover." SVeb rejoined, " Well, we gave it to you OB soon as we gc particulars." About three or four days afterward witness again met Webbon the steamer, and said to hin " Why, I lind that ship is out longer . than I though Bhe was." Webb replied, " Yes'; I wish sho woulc turn up. " Witness mentioned she was out 140 to 151 days, which was about 14 .days after the declaratior wiis sent ia. " Tho Oceanus is a small iron vessel, anc euch vessels sometimes make long passages. If wit ness had heard that the vessel was 90 days out fro J. Takuo to. Sydney when the proposition 'was intido for s cover policy, he would not have accepted the risk at . current rates, uu the 18th December last. Mr. Smith's solicitors asked if tho nd vico of the loss of the Oueanut was accepted, and witness's solicitors replied that , witness ' disclaimed all risk on the Oceanus. Subse quently Mr. Smith met witness and invited him tc have a,chat in his office about the Oceanus case, at it .would bo a pity to go to law when un amicable set tlement ruiuht be come to. Witness replied, "Mr, Smith, the matter is in the hauds of my solicitors; and leb them fight it out." After litigation was com menced the premium in gold was sent with a witness to witness's office, but rejected. Tht . .usual ...course with pilices is to have con tra accounts, and each company sends a cheque. On cross-examination witness averred that when he signad the cover slip ho only read a portion of it. lie did not" read tho top portion, and was ignorant of the fact that there was a former policy. He believed it was doubled over, but would not swear it waa so when he signed it. He had no recollection of th« conversa tion with Mr. Webb before he signed. He accepted tho open cover, and was not having a conversation out side the oifico while the negotiations were going on inside with Mr. Webb. During the negotiations he made no inquiries of Mr. Webb, nor, did he ask him why his ofiico was insuring, or on the nature of the policy. Witness had asked Cowlishaw for business, but Mr. Smith never told witness that the policy was for Cowlishaw, or that Cowlishaw had told him to givo witness's firm some of the business.-Charles Al fred Robey, co-partrier of the last witness, was then examined. He averred that when Webb came to their office and handed in the open slip, he (Webb) said it was a proposal for an open policy from Takno to _ Sydney, which, somehow, had been mislaid. Witness _ knew nothing about tho matter, as his ' brother took it in hand. He first saw. the declaration ono week after its date, which was tho 22nd October. Ho had no idea the vessel was the Oceanus or how long she had been out, until November 7. Had ho known in September that tho Oceanus was 90 days out from Takao to Syd ney, he would have taken advice from their marine . surveyor, Captain Pockley, before issuing a reinsuring policy for £1500. Seventy-five days ia the average passage from Takno to Sydney.-Afred L. Park, agent for tho Standard and tho Derwent nnd Tamar Insur ance offices, gave evidence to the effect that early iii September, Mr. Smith, manager of the Ndw Zealand office, asked him to accept a declaration on a policy of reinsurance on ships from Takao to . Sydney, but witness declined to do so. Mr. Smith then asked him to take a risk by the Oceanus which left Takao about June. Witness declined to do so, saying that the vessel was 93 days out, to which Mr. Smith made no remark. Mr. Skinner, shipping clerk at Montefiores and Co., agents for tho Ocoauus, gave him the information. Tho usual passage from Takao to Sydnoy is about 70 dayp. A abip 93 days out would not be an ordinary risk at 453, tho current rate. On cross-examination, witness . mentioned that thero was keen com petition in insurance offices in Sydney. Pfe told Mr. Smith that he declined tho Oceanus because she waa 93 days out, and there had been two hurricanes on the coast. Witness had a previous policy f £1500. Mr. Smith did not ask him to renew tl policy, but to take a declaration which would effect ally renew it. Captain Pockley heard witness declii the risk.-Alfred T. Wilshire, agent for the Adelaii Insurance Company, gave evidence as to his havii a reinsurance on the original New Zealand Conman} policy, on which a declaration had to be made nefo July 31. No declaration was mude, but Mr. Wei proposed an extension of tho policy for the purpose reinsuring on 11th September. The formal propos was on October 4, bet no ship was mentioned, or ho long the ship W«s out. If tho witness had known tl vessel wa3 over 00 days due from Takao he would n have taken the risk at4!>s on his own responsibilit Ho first heard tho vessel was the Oceanus whi the declaration of interest, dated 22nd Octobe came ia. Witness took" thc policy round Mr. Smith, and told him tho Oceanus w long overdue Mr. Smith replied, ''This vessel io long while overdue, and you have been a long whi declaring, but it is perfectly bona fide." _ When wi ness said sho waa overdue, Mr. Smith said he kno that six weeks ago. This took place on October 2 He saw she was overdue by the daily GAZETTE, ar told Mr. Smith that she wa» 136 days out. A cia; was made for the amount of the policy, and some ii terviews took place, ending insomo angry feelinar, ai: a refusal to pay tile claim. Eventually, on legal ai vice, witness paid the claim. WitneFS is not nowc bad terms with Mr. Smith, who is his father-in-law. James Thompson, clerk to Mr. Park, gave evident ns to Mr. Webb asking him if Mr; Park'Iwould aceoi a declaration under the policy on the Oceanus, whic sailed injune. Ho snitl he thought Mr. Park won] not tako a declaration, as the policy had expired, bt ho would sse Mr. Park about it.-Mr. James Skinn« produced tho advices of tho sailing of tho Oceam from Paka", but. his evidence was rejected. Mr. Frank Lovick, ngent for the National Insurant. Company, gave evidence to the effect that he reii sured the New Zealand Company for £1000 on the; policy 63-1S. When the policy was proposed the nam of tho ship, and how long she had been out, was ni mentioned. Subsequently he was told by Mr. Web that the vessel's name was Oceanus. Ho did not pa the claim on the policy until after he had disputed ii -Janies Bremner and S. S.'Sustenance, marine sm veyors; gave evidence to the effect that an averse, passage from PAkao to Sydney would bo from 05 to 7 days, and that amongst under\yriters a vessel 93 day out would not be an ordinary insurable risk at45í, a tho vessel was overdue. Ic would be a'material fae to know how long the vessel was out to regulóte th premium.-H. T. Fox, manager of tho Australia General Insn-ance Company, gave similar evidence adding that his records showed that some vessels hai done the passage in CO days, a few in 90 days, am none in 100 days except a very slow old ship collei the Lady Franklin, whose voyage lasted 104 days. C. G.^ F. Blix, marine surveyor, and W. C. God dard, insurance agent, gave evidence corroborative o the moline surveyors. Defendants' case here closed and the following ovidenoe in reply was adduced : Sarauel Haguo Smith, manager of the Sydney brand of the New Zealand Insurance Company, averred thai in January last year he transacted some business wit] Cowlishaw Brothers by taking out a policy unde; which delarations were to be made by the end of July The Maid of Judah was then supposed to bo the ship Policies of reinsurance were issued by the National Adelaide and Mr. Park's offices for the excess ove: £2000 in the New Zealand Office out of £5500.- Af te J uly 31 witness, through Mr. Webb, communicated ti the reinsuring companies that there would be no de clarations. In September following Mr. Thoma Cowlishaw informed him that a cargo of his BUga would come from Takao in the vessel Oceanus, whicl he wished to be covered with an insurance, in case i had not been insured in Takao, but ho did not knov when the vessel sailed, or any particulars, ex cept that she was supposed to have sailed in June Witness consulted his. marine surveyor Captait Pockley, and asked if a vessel left Takao at the lattei end of June would she be overdue.- - He -replied in the negative and witness told Mr. C. . Cowlishaw that he would see if the other offices would extend theil policies which expired on July 31, and make them last until Dece-mber 3L Witness saw Mr. Pork, who declined the risk, but Mr. Wilshire and Mr. Levick accepted tho risk. Witness thereupon told Mr, Cowlishaw that the New Zealand office would retain their £2000 and the other two ofiices £1000 each. Mr. Cowlishaw said that his firm would take tho remaining £1500 risk themselves, as Mr. Cowlishaw said that Hobey Brothers had asked him for a reinsurance ant] he had recommended them to witness. Mr. Webb was sent to Robey Brothers' office to inquire about effecting a reinsurance. It did not matter an iota to witness whether Hobey Brothers accepted the risk or not, aa the New Zealand office would not take more than £2000. Witness told Mr. Webb all the . information that Mr. Cowlishaw told him, and he was sent to Robey Brothers' office some 500 yards off. Afterwards witness met Horace Robey at his office.door, and told him'that. Cowlishaw Brothers expected a cargo of sugar from Pakao ia the Oceanus, leaving at the end of June, and having no ad vices they were unable to make a declaration-. He said, " Come in, and see my brother." Witness went in, and found Mr. Webb and Charles Robey in tho office arranging about the cover ; not being aware that Mr. Webb was doing the business, witness spoke to H. Robey and, on seeing him attending to it, he left without speaking to Charles Robey. That day Mr. Webb brought back tho coyerslip duly signed. On Octobor IS, as no declaration had been received, saw Mr. Thomas Cowlishaw, who said he had not received any further particulars. Hearing that Cow lishaw had accepted drafts against the cargo on the Union Bank, witness induced Cowlishaw to send one of his clerks to the bank to ascertain under what policy the cargo waa insured. The clerk brought back word that it was the New Zealand Company's policy which expired 31st July. That was the first intimation witness heard of an intended declaration. The original policy had been sent to Taroa, and returned with other documents to Sydney. A day or two afterwards Cowlishaw Brothers Bent witness the declaration. The policy was issued on October 9, and the declaration is dated October 22. On November 1 Mr. Robey sent ia his account for tho premium, which was passed as correct. As a disputo arose, witness had the money tendered in specie. About the middle of November Mr. C. i Robey, near, the Exchange, told witness that he sup posed bia fiim would have to pay tho policy. Nothing further transpired until December, when Messrs. Cowlishaw demanded payment of the insurance, aB the vessel was overdue. Witness communicated with the other reinsuring offices. Mr. Levick assented to .witness's suggestion that tho vessel should not be con sidered lost until the 1st of January. Messrs. Cow lishaw were paid. Two offices repaid witness, but Robey Brothers declined. Witness, before tho de claration, conversed with Mr. Wilshire, who accused him of suppressing information Mr. Park had, but witness explained ho could not have known that tho veBsel was overdue when ho (witness) took a risk for £2000. Witness thought Mr. Webb mentioned to Mr. .Wilshire that the Oceanus was ex pected to leave at the end of J une. When witness , first asked Mr. Park to extend his reinsurance policy Mr. Park refused, saying, "I'm full of Cowli shaws." Captain Pockley was not present at tha interview. Witness then consulted Captaina Fo: and Pockley, and again saw Mr. Park, whom ho toi that Captains Pockley and Fox thought under th circumstances that h* (Park) ought to extend hi policy. Captain Pockley, at that interview, came ir end during the discussion said that he had understoo that the declaration was to be made on July 31 ; fo if so M>. Park would not be found to accept a declat ation. Witness positively denied that Mr. Park eaii anything about the vessel hoing 93 days out. Up t this time witness had not accepted any risk, am would not have done so had he known the vessel wa 93days out. Mr. Park said to witness, "TheRobey have been to me to get all the information the; cnuld ; but they had not a ghost of a chance t win the case. But, mark you, if they had re fused to accept the declaration, I do not thia! yon could compel them to pay, and m; reason for refusing to extend the policy was that. heard there had been a typhoon about that time, bu I did not tell you that." On cross-examination wit ness admitted that ho mostly left the matter of re insuring to . Mr. Webb, and that he knew that th bank bills had been retired and invoices obtained, s< that a declaration could be made.-William Carte Webb, manager of tho Nelson branch of tho Nev Zealand Co. aiuce November last, and formerly obie of the company's branch omeo in Sydney, gave evi dence to the following effect :-About the end o August Mr. Thomas Cowlishaw asked him if th company had a policy covering sugar from Takao Witness answered, " We had, but it expired on Ju'; 31." . Mr. Cowlishaw desired that the policy shouh be extended, and witness referred him to Mr. Smith Mr. Cowlishaw saw Mr. Smith, but witness was no present at their interview. _ Mr. Smith then tol< witness to go to the reinsuring offices, and tell then that the Oceanus with Cowlishaw'a cargo of suga: was supposed to have sailed from Takao abou tho end of June, but having no definite infor mation, the policy would have to bo "ship oi ships.' Witness first went to Mr. Park's office ant saw Mr. Thompson, who took down what he said, thi statement jost narrated, which he promised to com municate to Mr. Park. Afterwards Mr. Smith sav\ Mr. Park. Witness then went to Mr. Wilshire anc told him what Mr. Smith had said. Mr. Wilshin accepted the risk. Proceeding then to Mr. Levick'! witness there saw Mr. Malcolm, the chief Herk, When witness mentioned the Oceanus Mr. Male ln asked if the Helena, repoited by tho papers aa loft waa not one of the company's risks or likely to attacl: under the policy. Witness replied that the^ Helene was not one of their risks, and Mr. Malcolm, initialed or signed the cover. After this witness heard Mr, Park hod refused to accept a re-insurance. Mr. Smith then went and told Cowlishaw be would give a covei for £4000. Mr. Smith, on Iiis return, told witness that Cowliehaws had been asked for business by Robey Brother?, and they; thought they (the Robeys) would accept tho risk. Witness was then sent to offer the line to the Robeys. He saw Charles Robey ia his'office, and said, "Will you take an insurance per Bhip or Bhips from Takao to Sydney covering " declarations made prior to December 31, 1877 ? We believe a shipment will come by a vessel called the Oceanus, supposed to have sailed about the end of June. The Adelaide and National have £1000 cash." Mr. Robey said he would take it. Just at this moment Mr. Smith and Mr. Horace Robey appeared. at the office door, but. Mr. Smith went away on seeing witness there. Mr. Horace Robey then came inside, and witness repeated the same pro j posai to him, which he also agreed to accept. Witness then wrote the cover on their desk, and Horace Robey signed it. It is not true that witness took the paper already written to Robey's office or concealed the upper portion of it. There was no reason for conceal ment, rather the other way, as it would show that both offices had used their judgment and taken the risk. ' Before the declaration the Robeys often' asked- for information about the Oceanus. Cowliohaw'8 boy brought the declaration on October 20, and on the 22nd witness took it to the three re insuring offices. In November witness did not know how, long the Oceanus was out, and could not tell .'either of the Robeys any particular number of days. On November 14 witneeB told Mr. Wilshire it was foolish for him to raise objections, os the company had given him all tho information it possessed, wit ness had asked Air. Park on what ground he had declined the risk, and Mr. Park told him it was because be had heard there had been a typhoon in China. Last Saturday Mr. Park told witness that Mr. Skinner had told him that the vessel was 93 days out, and that he mentioned the typhoon to put them off. Outside the court witness heard Mr. Park Bay that the company (plaintiffs) would loso the case, as his evidence had " eoohedthem," and offered to lay a bet on the event. On cross-examination witness admitted that ho was in error in saying that Mr. Malcolm signed for Mr. Levick, as he had not the policy in his hands when he made the erroneous statement. Witnees was examined at great length, but his evidence was unshaken.- Cap tain R. T. Pockley, marine surveyor for various insurance companies, gave evidence to the effect that Park asked him if he had advised Mr. Smith that he (Park) waa bound to accept a declaration under the policy. WitneeB answered that he had BO advised. On being told that the declaration had to be made before a particular date, he (witness) said that would alter the case. Witness did not hear Mr. Park say that the vessel was out 93 days. Witness had known vessels from Manilla, nearer than Takao, take 150 days. The George Bastón and Midlothian were 128 days out. A schooner loaded with sugar wi/uld not be overdue until 10O days out ; 85 days was an average voyage.-John Malcolm, chief clerk at Mr. Levick's, gave evidence to the effect that he ßigned i the cover slip, subject to Mr. Levick's approval. He did not recollect that Mr. Webb said the Oceanus sailed at the end of June.-Manion Cowlishaw, of the firm of Cowlishaw Bros., gave evidence corroborative of Mr. Smith's. He averred that in Septembnr Mr. Smith said he could get £4000 covered. Witness said the firm would take the rest, but as the Robeys had been pestering the firm to g've them some business, he would advise Mr Smith to go round and see the Robeys, and eee if they would cover the £1500. Early in November Mr. Webb called and stated that tho full amount, £5500, wftB taken up, tho Robeys having taken up tho £1500. Next day Horace Robey told witness he had some of the firm's buaincBS through Mr. Smith on an open policy from Takao to Sydney, but that he would like to get tho business direct. Witness be lieved Robey mentioned the name of tho vessel before the declaration was sent. Witness was then cross examined at great length on his dealings with the Union Bank. In reply to Mr. Butler, witness averred that Mr. Smith knew nothing about tho bank drafts and dor.umentB until October 20, when the firm raado the declaration. After further evidence wns adduced, in reply, by the Messrs. Cowlishaw and Mr. Park. Mr. Davis pro ceeded to address the jury for tho defendants. [At. the time this portion of tho Journal went to press the jury nt not given their verdict, but tho reBult will be found under tho heading of Supreme Court in another portion of this issue.] 