Sales of flje §tiires. THE LITTLE DIGGERS. .: BT DONALD CAHEBOK. Author of u Scripopolis," &c.; (Concluded from Supplement 83,) OVEB two years have elapsed since we left the little diggers in the charge of Jack the Blower. Vast changes have taken place in Sandy. Creek. The alluvial claims nave all been worked out, and population has departed to such an extent that the once populous field is almost deserted. There is little indeed to he seen except the mounds of the departed diggers, and the marks of their vanished camp. Those who remain seem to vegetate rather than live. Many of the old identities, however, remain. . Mrs. Grumbles still keeps the Winers' Arms, but customers having de parted, she has taken to drink her own liquor, andis in a fair way to soon find her way to the lunatic asylum or the grave. Mr. Graball is still on the creek, but is contemplating, going to Sydney in order to start a money-lending establishment, for the good man is very wealthy. So is Mrs. M'Grudge, and she is thinking of moving to Sydney or Melbourne, where she intends to open a boarding-house. She has now plenty of time to read the bible and other good books, and to reflect upon the end of all sinners, except her own. Hard as ever-many a hungry and weary man she has turned away, refusing trust to all. Sad it was for the remnant of the Sandy Creek diggers that their two storekeepers had effectually killed tru§t. The sun was setting in the weBt, irradiat ing the world in a golden glory, when two horsemen drew rein at the front of the Miners' Arms, to the astonishment of two or three loungers, and Mrs. Gumbles, who was at that moment comforting herself with an extra soothener. The good lady was so flustered that she upset one half ol it. The arrivals were a noble looking old gentleman with hair white as the snow, and a smart-looking, handsome young fellow. They asked Mrs. Gumbles if she could accommodate them for the night, and, of course, the reply was a glad assent, for she had not bad an inmate for an age. While the gentlemen sat in the best room now very faded and beer- stained-two of the loungers got their horses to the stables, and Mrs. Gumbles and her servant, a red haired daughter of Erin, bustled about to get something ready for dinner. Mrs. M'Grudge was astounded to receive & large order from her neighbour, and began to won der whether business would not, after all, look up. The arrival of the Btrangera soon was the Bole topic. For some time Sandy Creek had rumours that some specula tive persons were going to try the ranges for the quartz-veins which had fed the alluvial, and everyone set the travellers down as the advance guard of the army of speculators who were to find the reef and restore the prosperity of the place. In con sequenoe of this there was much jay and congratulation. After dinner, and when the moon had risen and was silvering nature, the landlady was summoned to/.he best room. "Mrs. Gumbles," said the elder of the two gentlemen, after that lady had at his request taken a seat, " we have asked yon in because we want to make &pme; inquiries, about some, persons in whom we are interested. You knew Jfr. Harry Bawson?" To deed, I did sir," replied Mrs. Grumbles, getting out her handkerchief; "him as was killed by the falling in of the olaim. I never could forget him; such a fine man, and BO free with his money-when he had any. If you're a friend of his, don't pay anything on hiB account to that old rasoal, Graball. He'll be sure to ask you. He's an old miser, that's what he is." A shadow rested upon the old gentleman's face as be heard the woman speak, and he appeared to repress a sigh. " We know," be said, after a while, " that Mr. Bawson was killed, but what we are here for is to ascertain what became of his wife and ohildren." ... "His wife, Bit, poor creature,* died some time before he was killed, which was a blessing for her, poor dear soul. She was a ?ood woman, though Mother M'Grudge-" " Well, well," said ber interlocutor Bliarply, " never mind that. What became of the children ?" He was strongly agitated now, and his breast heaved with emotion. "The children, sir," said Mrs. Gumbles, ipon whom a light began to dawn, and hope >f profit was prompting. " O, sir, they're ill right. I've been very kind to them, but Mrs. M'Grudge and Graball refused 'em ;rUst over and over again. That Mother M'Grudge-" "Where are they?" cried the old gentle nan, impatiently. " Here, sir," replied Mrs. Gumbles. " My God!" cried her questioner, starting from hia seat, "Harry's children hore-in ihis house. Send for them at once--" " My dearsir," said his companion," calm yourself." , , "I cannot-I cannot," exclaimed the )ther. " Quick, woman, quick, and send ;hem to me-" "They ain't in this house," said Mis. 3-umblea, in some confusion. " They're at Jack the Blower's place, and he's-" She was interrupted by the sudden ap pearance of. her red-haired, handmaiden, whose usually carmine face was white as the ily. . : _ . . . , . " Bridget," cried Mrs. Gumbles, rising ap, " what's the matter ? Has the till been robbed?" " No, ma'am," replied Bridget, forgetting just then that it would have been necessary bo put some money in the till before it could be robbed, " but Jack the Blower's here, an' he looks like a ghost, and cries out about the shildren-" " Where is he?" cried the old gentleman, who was in a state of feverish excitement. " He has the children." "Lord 1" exolaimed Mrs. Gumbles, " how oould Jaok get up; he's not left hie bed. for three monthe." " The children, the ohildren," was uttered in a sepulchral voice, and Jaok tottered into the room, a fearful object. His face was that of a corpse, his form a skeleton. A wild ex citement was evident in Ms lace and eyes. He fpil into a ehair, and relied his eyes about like a maniac. "They haven't come home to-night; there's something wrong," he cried. " Oh! Mrs. Gumbles, get the men to Bearoh for them. I don't know where they're work ing." " My good man," said the old gentleman, approaching Jack, " I have oome for those children. Don't alarmyourself-they will no doubt be all right." "You've come for them I" said Jaok, be wilderedly. " And who are you who want my darlings ?" " I am the father of Harry Bawson." " Great God!" oried Jaok, " and so you've come at last to help the little ones, to make 'em gentlefolks,, as I Sold 'em you would. Ob, Bir, that almost cures me of my illness it would cure me if death hadn't clawed me long ago. I feel I'm going, and perhaps be fore you Bearch for them I'd better tell you all I know, for fear I wouldn't live long. I feel Fve done wrong in getting up, but I would have gone mad if I'd stopped in bed longer when they didn't return," " I long to hear your story," said Mr. Bawson. "Goonvrithit" It isn't a long one, sir," said Jacfc^ speaking-very feebly. " When poor Harry wis Trilled they wanted to send the chil dren to the Industrial Schools, among the wickedest little creatures in the colony, \- an' no one here offered, to adopt them. Well, sir, Harry'd been kind to me, and so had his wife, the angel, and though bePord then I was only a loafer and a drunkard, I mado. up my mind to take care of the chil dren, and to become a new man. It was hard work, sir, but with the help of God and the little ones-who would be wicked in the company of that little saint, Jessie ? -I succeeded. I'd never worked for years before, but I took to it quite natural an' liked it. The children helped wonderful. Harry got a j ob driving a whim horse, and Jessie, though she was a tiny thing, was a regular old woman at housekeeping. Oh, the winning.jways and little' arts of that girl. But, sir, my resolution came too late. I'd destroyed my constitution, and given a j mortgage to death, an' though I struggled on for a long time, and fought against it, I'd at | last to.lie down and wait for a release, an' it happenc-d when everything had gone to the bad, when there was no work to get. We-'d hav^ Btarved, sir, aud I'd died like a ;rat ia a hole, for these good people on Sandy Creek wouldn't trust us with a loaf of bread, only for the pluck of them little ones. They went off to work an' washed the tailings, Jessie cradling an' Harry getting the stuff ; and when the tailings wouldn't pay they began digging here an' there, where little bits of good ground had been left, and so, sir, they kept us all, bat it firoke my heart to think of it. Lately they've been very un lucky, but Harry said to-day that he thought they'd try the banks of the creek, where some washdirt might be found. It's that that troubles me. The bank might have fallen upon tbem." "God forbid!" cried Mr. Bawson, with terror in his tone. " We will searoh for them at once. Keep up your heart, my good, kind fellow. Yon and the children will be wfll provided for hereafter. Perhaps you are carious to know how I came to trace Harry. Perhaps you don't know it, but Harry made a match, which I thought, short sighted man I was, to be beneath him, and a bitter feeling arose between us. I was hard, he was independent, and he left England swearing never to Bee me again until he was independent. I have never had a happy day since. He was my darling, my only sen" here the old gentleman's voice faltered and bright drops stood in his eyes-" and God forgive me my for hardness of heart. At last my yearning for my son could not be restrained aud I advertised for him, without effect. I then communicated with lawyers in Sydney, and the firm with which this gentleman is connected "-he pointed to his companion-" found out the particulars and sent me home the heavy news that my boy was Idead. The intelligence brought me nearly to the brink of the grave, aud when I recovered I at once set out for Sydney to search for the wife and children. I mean now to atone for my sin by nuking them as happy a3 I desired the father to be. Mrs. Gambles," Jhe continued, addressing that worthy woman,«' at once get so: ne men to go with us to search for the poor little things." " All right, sir," was the reply, and in a few minutes the search party, composed of every inhabitant, started with Mr. Bawson at the head. The night was one of those lovely evening6 so peculiar to Australia. The air . was oool and balmy, the perfume of the early flowers was wafted on every gentle sigh of the wind, and the moon shone in a deep blue sky, irradiating the world with a rich, mellow, silvery light, which cast a glamour over scenery that would have looked dull and uninteresting by day. Everyone knew the spot where the Little Diggers were at work that day. The banks of the creek ha i been mined over and over again.except in this place, which had always been thought too poor. The whole compauy came to a stand still, and a nameless horror settled upon them when they saw that, at a particular place, the bank had fallen iriJ" " They are buried, sir," said one of the men to Mr. Bawson. He gave a wild cry, and wonld have fallen bat for the lawyer's help. Then, rousing himself, he cried: " No, no, God is too just to allow it. No, .no, it is not, it cannot be too late. Dig, men, dig, they are yet alive. A thousand pounds to the man who brings them out alive! Hurry I Hurry. 1" The diggers had never thought of bringing spades with them, therefore there was some delay before work was begun. Mr. Bawson, in a state of terrible excitement, rushed about and encouraged the men to exert themselves with liberal promises of money. It was a scene that rivalled that whick had occurred some years ago. " I knew it, . I knew it," cried Jack, who suddenly appeared in the midst of the crowd, looking a 6pectre ; "they're dead, they're dead." He caught a sight of the unprepossessing features of Mr. Graball and Mtb. M'Grudge, and bis face lit up with a terrible fire. " Your'e here, are you," he hissed. " Of coarse it's right for you to see your work. You could have helped these poor creatures when I tpofe ill, you could have got work fof Harry, but you wouldn't, you devils. You've got money, have you, heaps of gold, but it won't do you any good; it will sink' your souls to hell, to the bottom of the bottomless pit!'' " The Lord forgive the poor man," said Mrs. M'Grudge, raising her eyes up to Heaven; " I always loved the bairns, but I was too poor to help them." " It's a lie, you old hag," cried Jack. "He's mad, poor fellow," said Mr. Graball, " mad as a hatter. I'm sure I did my beat for them." " Yes," cried Jack, " you sold all their father's goods, you miserly wretch." . "Hush!" " They are here!" "Alive, alive!" cried Mr. Bawson, rush ing forward. The crowd drew back respectfully, and Mr. Bawson and Jack went to the front. What a sight they beheld. Embraced in each other's arms Harry and J cssie Bawson lay in the moonlight still in death, a sweet smile on their lovely features, as if when the Great Conqueror came, their angel mother had appeared before them. Better thus, perhaps, than to live on in this cold, heartless world, to be tainted with sin, to experience misery, to be soiled and torn in the great struggle for existence. They had gone to rest before the battle had begun. " Dead! Dead!" cried Jack, looking at them as they lay there like two sleeping angels. " Gone before the old man. But not long-not long." No, indeed; not long. The excitement whioh had borne him up died out, and -with it his spirit also left theworn-out body. God be merciful to him! .. . . . The cemetery at Sandy Creek is now almost untraceable. Wattle and gum-trees have grown up rapidly and hidden the few graves which were there. But there is one part which is securely railed in with iron, and kept scrupulously clean and neat. Within this enclosure are five graves. At the head of the central grave rises a splendid granite column, the head broken off-symbol of the untimely death of those whose remains lie beneath. On the block of granite which. f supports thiacpiomn is tKe following inscrip tion: ' " , v'; . ; . . n . ~. SACBED XO' THE' MEIIOBY I 01 : ; HABBr RAWSOK, , . Who was killed by the falling ill of a claim at Sandy C^eek, on November 8th, 1865. JESSIE BATTSON, his Wife, Who died on the 6th January, 1863, And their Children, HABBY AND JESSIE, Who were smothered by a fall of earth on the 6kh of January, 1868. Also, JOHN FIELDHOUSE, Who adopted the children after their parents' death, who died of grief at their loss on the same date. " The ways of God are inscrutable." There is no Sandy Creek settlement now. The trees flourish vigorouly where once a multitude lived and toiled; the kangaroo and wallaby have made their home there. Mrs. Gambles drank herself to death a few months after the oecdrrence of the above events. Mr. Graball is a prooiinent Sydney merchant, and is in great repute; while Mrs. M'Grudge lives in retirement in a fashionable Mel bourne suburb, the principal Presbyterian church of which she is a pillar. Mr.-Raw son has long since departed to that world where he will meet his son and daughter and the LITTLE DIGGEBS. 