B≪ I Wiit ger^ m'\ ? UT JAMES I3HANT. '; ' I CHAPTER XL VII. . . . ??': I mS. vim Neiflcernue!' ? 1-he iassenger whose initials and name 'I bad ! teen io the cabin list of the uifdrhinste BugBDie at Cape Town. The fit oE his pale laveud* kid gloves was J»r | lect/and perfect too w tlio style .of bis evening :! costume, llis -wliole appearance was calm ami : i gentlemanly, more so than it had.ever appeared to ,5 main Cape Colony; and yet— and yet— O\Ikn_ew .- »._* -n*l.n^ ^~ .»« U.. tntliinVnf tbft *plmlf4 glriiatlOn — of hisWiugthere, and-.witli her. Heated that jnjvsenses.ivere leaviug-uie. ?Beaor, are you ill ?' asked Don Raniou, with a '? little hauteur in his manner, as.lie added, ' Permit me,' mid bluntly retook hi3 glass from my passive liand. * Pardon me, senor,' 1 moaned out ; ? but I kpom notwhatldo.' * So it seems,' replied the Spaniard, and shrugged hisphovlders.' * - . ' ., . . ifened my back on ' Uelisario.' What tome, mere tol new and superb cestumes.^iut the real horses which pranced' upon tbe stage as they drew V* the triumphal t& ? and what to me-was the beantj I of ;tlie ballet-girls, or the town prima donna vtho i ncted'the wile and daughter of the here, and were '?' yat'preeisely of ihe same age, ana who «ang]«o ': sweetly thnt the stase was covered with gorgeous 3 (bouquets, and rings and even bracelets were dung ; 'to tljem. s ' In the face of Clarice was a settled sadness of ex I preffiion:moet iminlui to loot upon, itmigntoe ?' —nay, mattered myself that it must hare been 3 — caused by sorrow tor tlie liorrible death by which fi 'I was'Bupposed to have perished— the death of poor I Hans B'r'uiue Kasteel. But that had happened I' mtaiy wonthsBgo— three parts of a year had elapsed J since then ; and Father Time, if he is any avenger, \- isaleo a great cousoler, so whence this morbid 7 But her companion was a dreadful puzzle to me. '' Was this a case of resurrection, of resuscitation, ' «r of coincidental likeness? He could not be a mere ?j Vulgar ghost 1 ? ? How can jt be ?' thought I. ' Did I not see him shot down by Vau Bommol, decapitated by Adrian Africander, andburied doop in that lonely kloof ? among theiuountains, where the green mound of 1 ?his grave was visible and all undisturbed when I :? ? told Kis terrible story to Clarice, to Douglas, and ?? Itho Carsslorts'? 3s it possible that thare.could be r- two men in'theworld of the samename, audsbex Z octly and terribly alike— perhaps with the eaino ft horrible proclivities? -i AfjpectreP impossible ! He was seen by and S conversing witli otheis. Buthowmanyoftbegreat if and learned have believed' such things to be J possible? d Yet, though this was no spectral appearance on :?' which I was gazing now, it provedftometning more '$ difficult of comprehension tbnn a mere optical :; illusion. The UkenesB petrified me, for lie was ttte -?'? . cp- ririmncanffSRlialk vftft Neufceraua. TVasthis. or if thai, man'amagicianP Had the former sold him | witto Satan, or what did it allmoan? I; About half an hour elapsed— a half hour that : leemed an eternity— Suring -which I seemed as if in -i kind of dreaiq.furrmmded by unrealities, andiu bapable of making up my mind what to do, till I f came to the resolution of leaving the pit stalls at Uie:close of the first act, and making my way to the box-keeper for tue.purpose of aending my name to Clarice: Time appeared to stand still, and tbe actrdrop as Jf it ttouIq never falJ. JSncore suceeedea encore; my inmatiencotsould no longer be restrained, and 1 rose to quit the stalls, keeping my eyes fixed on the pale face of her I sought. At that moment, shemusthave seen me for the ? flrsfffiua, for suddenly I ? perceived her eyes to ; dilate' wildly, as if with mingled astonishment, tenor, and grief.* She stretched out her trembling hand towards me, and sank from her scat with a low, wailing cry. Every oue in the boxes aud pit rose simul taneusly to their feet, and on all hands I lieard cries of — 'Jjflbellalnglesa,' ! 'SheiiaB fainted!' ' I : 'Throw open the box door. Air, ah1!' ! - ' Keep your siats, signoras.' ?' 'SitBteUI.Benores, I implore you.' M3&o; is a row,' growled one. 'AVe might think luv qouuu was un lire. Others pointed their fingers angrily at me,, and spoke of the ovll eyej— tJie mnl o)'o'— a Superstition jia 'common am6ng'the Spaniards 'as among the Bu&sians; aud Italians j;blit such were .the/excla mations I heard on nlljfeidosof me, while forcing my -way^now'with em-wssmore thanever9keenly cieitetl.intd'iheboijobby. But to.getneaV the boxofi'mydearClarice was impossible, so dense was the crowd of admiring and'; excited gentlemen iirouudit. 'JUlowme.to pass you, gentlemen., I entreat — I- implbie— 1 commaiidyou !''6aid]-l: 'The, lady is* my Iriand— my friesd, Ias9ure|ybu.'t(H6w-cold' eeemed^the 'word* 'friend'!)'' I- miist j and shall jmss.' I was fast becoming iurious .. on finding that my passage was steadily 'opposed'by^a'bulky Spaniard, who wore some official costume,-aiid in wasno way idisposed to move. *3)o. you hear me senor F' . I shouted in his ear. '?,Qob zambra arma Tim;. ilia!' (i.e., ' What a thundering noise you make'!') -ho replied, grinding . luajbeetb .with anger, and very deliberately plant ingjhiE elbow into my chestito push me back. Thus (UloflVitU rage at'his utteustolidity as opposed ta my own impatience, I seized him, by the throat and hurled him on one eide. In'an instant a score of, angry, bands, were laid upon me, and two soldiers inrSpaniblr uniform, armed and accoutred, appeared as euddenly..as i they had been shot .up a stage trap. A -fixed ^bayonet was opjiosed-.U) my, breast, and' I was ibybU out of the 'box1 lobby nnd into the street .without time being given to ine.for.breatbiiig or en 'pl4natidn. . ? WJiat is the matter? What has he done?' I heard the .voice of worthy Captuiu Casanova de kmaiiauig. t a diuakeu Englishman lias assaulted senor the shade? So the bulky personage^whom I bed knocked over so unceremoniouElywas the chief magistrate jof the,city. followed by a crowd of dirty gamins, I was ^marched through the moonlit streets of Puerto ltico to the common -carcel, or police-office, where, after being searched 'for weapons, nnd, as it, eventu ally proved, being robbed1 of -my portmonnaie, I was locked in-n liltby Stone-TOoin by the stolid and uninquiring cirtelei'O.and'left to my, own re flections. the late episode rtas fulkof perplexities, to the IheadiaudtotliBtbeart. IlookecPat flie truckle-bed pnvwliich I sat, and shuddered, U^w many^un jhappywxetcheBiliad laid tiiir Jiaads on itSttvooden Wiflow- before going forth, chained, to work inhlio piodntsins, or, jjerhaps, to be:strifligleil by the steel garotte, and tssjjl thoughtftofi ^that, the prison Chamber fieemedto filHwiltF'tnttered^and' gristly ': phantoms. i I felt Weary, ?weary indeedj.thafnifiht, but could Slot Isleep. My beait was fulliol jby.'that she was living, yet'it was troubled bwstrange'fsars, that as jet.-coulQ'taKB no coherence f so 1% seemed to me as ? %l 1 tEhould never sleep again, my nervous system (Was-so sbatteredund Elmken-; and when the gray, chill dawn stole in, and the rising .tun cast the jshadowbf the Iron.graturaon the -siime pavement yrhete yesternignt the silver moon- ?had*' thrown' them, I was still seateU motionless 'as a stone,': andiStilVopjltesse'd by thoughts :tiiat'I could not' unravel. The earelesB and beetle-browed, black-bearded, and most lepuUive-looking feHbw.'wlioie chief attire consisted o'fjhis yallow nanieen^troasere'alid a straw hat, end'-who bad large silver-rings «in his ? ? ears, and a knife in tbe strap which lieldCup bis nether fitments, brought me Isome coffee, and boiled beans for breakfast, varied by boiled beans and coffee for dinner; but the dreary day passsd'into the drearier night without my be-, ing brought before the irate alcilde to explain; or, be .punished ; and more than all, without her mak ing inquiry into my fate. I ventured to inquire.; about the .alcalde, of ny keeper, who, by bis appearance, hadfdoubjless.been in bis time a tuief, asBa'ssin, or picaroan*of?8o'me* kind. ' Senor the alcade has cone with his excellency the governor to Aguada-Kueva,Jatith'ef otherfend. of the island,. some twenty ??leagiies'oVmbre, end' ?will not be back for a week.' 'And 'must 1-remain here for a weekf lex claimed. ;j)emonio!-if-you saw the place towaica he-wili id you, Senor Ingleee, you would not be in'sucha 'eofahuri'ytocliaugeyour.igLUarterB. * ^fh- t_ I have frionds to seek out,' said I, half im . JJV 'vevcu to Uie fellow who had neither the MoringV ?thawillto serve Hie: 'but nerhaos mv I-0W?™= sinkinjj, and' even Eabriqus Balttriuo spirit wae\ -,^-ien^ IU'^wSfrv1*u'tl'1Bll-'thRt'' lie'!ra*:3il ** ^kndmypassa^ tot Jamaica is- en^aged for tbe ^Aul wenvo'ub^W^d it ''S.,a,the fellow. of a toTmonius to come, biding nl ,nes in the y6A^'d with k malevolent gria ie'N^M «1 !-« 'gar in his mouth and left me. ? 