MELBOUNE GOSSIP. o (FROM AX OCCASIONAL CORRESPON'DPKT. 1 The betting men have got a new lounge, hav ing removed their head quarters, for the day time, from Goyder's over to Bowea'a Aus tralian Hotel, opposite,! at the west end of Bourks street; where the wild sports of the horseyards take place, and where about twenty saddlers are all gathered in a lump, like the forty doctors at the east end of Collins street. The change is more handy to catch unwary flies, and, looking through Bowes's window, you can see about two dozen of the choicest bookmakers in Melbourne, sitting patiently about noon, like anglers hanging their legs over Sandridge Pier, and awaiting the nibbles of flatheads. Of course there is a damselperforming with bottles, decanters, aud glasses at the further end. Mr. Berry ensconces himself in a nice little snuggery at the Public Offices now-a-days not in order to be handy to the money, but to apply a practical exhauster to big deputations, which think to swamp him by the force of numbers, like the Local Government delegates. The old receiving placefordeputations isin theExecutive Council chamber, at the Treasury, a big room, wherein a deputation of two hundred could be sijueeKud on a piach, whereas the snuggery will only hold half a dozen or so. and the others must kick their heels outside. Longmore has adopted the sumo knack of sweating down " dcps," and receives in his private room, in stead of the great Laud Board room, which is extremely provocative of eloquence, and tempting for the crowds of dum mies who get upon deputations, merely to have their expenses paid by ratepayers for a jaunt to the city. Members of deputations swell visibly if they can only get into the Executive Council chamber, and see the carved chair, with its crown on top, whereiu tho Premier Bits at the Council board; while the long table has all the black portfolios set out iu a row on each side, inscribed in gilt let eja with "The Hon. YV. C. Smith," " The Hon. P. Lalor," and so forth. Mr. Berry's little room commands a beautiful view of the foliage iu Treasury Gardens, with Government House on the distant bill be yond, and one may speculate whether it is ever to be a President's White House, or an Alexan dra Palace for popular recreation, because Gover nors hate its size and expense. I was talking the other day with a journalist from India, who has a thorough professional acquaintance with the Duke of Buckingham andChandos, Governor of Madras, spoken of as a likely candidate for our vacancy. My friend says the Duke is a very solid and determined man, without any nonsense about him, aud extremely averse to parade, show, or ceremony of any sort. The school teachers are vastly pleased with Sergeant, who is regarded as a more useful moutlipieeethanPearsonor Mirams. Sergeant has this week wiped out the bad impression he made by a high falutiu speech at the threshold of his parliamentary career. In fact, he has imitated Pearson in flinging away rhetoric, and plunging fearlessly into debate offhand. Really Tnckerand Andrew are the two very last men from whom :.nyone would have expected the protest against the finding of the Lands com mission. Both of them seemed to be redhot the other way at starting. Chief Baron O'Hea, as an old newspaper man of between thirty aud forty years English and Australian experience, of course knows very well when he is embody ing humbug in a report. But then he has a great body of land selectors behind him; and Dow, of St. Arnaud, has more, and therefore is justifiably expected to be still more violent in the assertion of paradox. We have a young Victorian back from Port Darwin, after making, 1 believe, about £15,000 pounds there, in six years, having gone with scarcely any capital of his own. Adcock is his naijje, and he may be bracketted with another young Victorian, Mike Egau, who got £3000 as architect of our usw public offices, and who is now doing a similar job in Adelaide. Both were brought up in Richmond, and eduaated at the common schools, Masters please copy, boys too. Air. Adcock's friends want him to have a shy for Parliament, and I am sure he is just the sort we should encourage. 'J'iie bricklayers at the Eastern Market are hanging out for their Saturday half holiday, without loss ol pay; ai;d it is a bit of an anomaly that, in a democratic country vou should see men working till four o'clock on Saturday after noons at buildings and so forth, while others are enjoying themselves. The fact is bricklayers can afford .tc be cocky just now, for they are in demand. Among j;hp preat works going are Parliament House, Law" Courts, (,J;e immense powder magazine at Footscray; the new Axz *_-^liuu (.'lt|hltoi)ss, just starting at the corner of William :i?ui Little Owlliiis street; New Land Mortgage Bank, Collins street, fttld (inot)ier big placed lose by; with tin! Ullioi) Bank preparing to Imild on the Criterion site, aitf*- tile plans out for the edifice on Putty's block. iNoor never is the time for bricklayers; the trade society );i3 been paying out liberally to men ou strike, and it is said that other trades are virtually in it. The attendance at the Theatre Royal, to ■see Henry V. fell off greatly this week, the public having been worked out by the announce ment that last week would linish the run. Wybert Reeve brings high credentials, and all the novelties from London. He has played Fosco, in the Woman in White, eighteen hundred times, throughout England and America. Crcs wick only draws fairly at the opera-house. Ogden and Miss Beatrice, whose face has I think been seen on Sandhurst, are both good per formers, and have been pulling up the Academy x little. Mr. and Mrs. Tavares are making a frightful hash, as everyoue predicted, at the Princess's, that is to say, they are playing to wretched business. Mrs. Tavares is unsurpassed is a society actress, but she and her husband, md ever welcome Bill Carey, with Mrs. Wool iridge, are unable to drive the concern along in face of minor inadequacies, and genteel comedy ^ives way to blood and thunder drama 011 Saturday night. D'Archy Read's Ghost, at that ixhumed place the Athenaium, is very good in ts way, and will take in the provinces. It would lave been a great hit at St. George's Hall. 