THE UNITED STATES. [From our own Correspondent.] New York, December 22. The President has finally expressed his powerful mind on the silver question. The Bill authorizing the unlimited coinage of silver dollars of the present value of 92 cents, and mating tne principal ana luierusL ui tun uai/iuuax debt payable in these, is still pending in tho Senate ; but the President in his Message, sent to Congress on the 4th instant, discussed tho matter at some length. He takes the ground that the debt must be paid in gold, and thus commits himself to a veto of the p resent Bill when it shall come before him. At the same time he favours the remonetization of silver provided the silver dollar be made of the samo value as the gold dollar, and provided the coin age of silver dollars be restricted within fixed limits. It is a great gain for honesty that the project of paying the debt in silver is sure of the Presi dent's veto. On the other hand, the President's solemn and verbose remarks concerning the re monetization of silver for other purposes mean that he will sign almost any Silver Bill that does not affect the public debt. I ventured last month to predict that he would endeavour by this sort of compromise to please both the honest men and the rogues. Like all similar compro mises, it will satisfy nobody and displease every body. Financiers know perfectly well that a silver dollar cannot be made permanently of tho same value as a gold dollar, for the reason that silver constantly fluctuates in value. As to Mr. Hayes's other proposal— that there should be a restriction upon the amount of silver to bo coined — it is of no consequence so long as he fails to indicate what in his opinion would be a safe amount to be added to the currency. Hia Administration has from the first apparently striven for popularity by yielding to any demand that is made upon it by any considerable part of the people. By refusing to sanction tho pay ment of the debt in silver he necessarily alienates a large majority of the Western people. He can make partial amends for this by yielding to their other demands in regard to silver; and it is a foregone conclusion that he will sign a Silver Bill of a more or less mischievous character. Moreover, it is not quite certain that his veto of the Bill now pending will be of any avail. Congress can pass any Bill over a Presi dent's veto tby a vote of two-thirds of each House. The Silver Bill passed tho House of; Representatives by more than ajtwo-thirds vote, and it may have an equally large vote in tha Senate. It is undeniable that, except as a mere indication of his intention to veto the Bill, tha President's Messagejis|witliout importance. Ho is so little respected by either party that he is practically without influence. Were General Grant in his place, his opposition to a Bill would bring wavering Senators over to his side ; but few men in public life care what Mr. Hayes's views on any subject may be. Both the Worli and the Times of this city — the oue the leading Democratic journal and the other the leading Republican journal— apprehend that the present Silver Bill will become a lav/ in spite of the President. I can hardly believe this, however, and feel confident that the Bill will fail of a two-thirds vote in the Senate. The rest of the President s Message, which was the longest one which any President has written during the last sixteen years, was remarkable for its want of everything except words. He alluded in a partially apologetic style for hia alleged attempt at Civil Service reform, and thus convinced the real friends o* reform that he lacks courage to carry his original promises into action. He suggested that a National University should be established at Washington — a suggestion which no one has yet spoken of except in ridicule. The condition of affairs on the Mexican Border, he assured Congress, was all right, and that no danger of war need be appre hended ; whereas in fact it may involve us in a war at any day. In short, the reputation of the President has not been benefit 3d by hia Message, although he does deserve praise for his opposition to a villanous attack on the national honour. At the present moment there is fighting on the Mexican Border between Texan volunteers and Mexicans. Whether the latter are Mexican troops or simply brigands, as the Texans assert, remains to be ascertained. It is quite impos sible that this state of things should be indefi nitely prolonged. The war spirit in Mexico is rising rapidly, and although the Mexican Presi dent is anxious for peace he may be compelled to advocate war as the only means of retaining his office. The constant invasion of Mexican territory by American troops must infallibly exasperate the ignorant and semi-barbaroua Mexican public, and when once thoroughly aroused they will insist upon open war. There is no doubt that a foreign war in which Northern and Southern soldiers should fight side by side would be a substantial aid to Mr. Hayes's favourite policy of conciliation. It would also gi/e a new importance to his administration, and put a temporary stop to the growing tendency to ridicule his feebleness. He may not wish for war, but he must know that a war would strengthen him, and he is certainly pursuing a policy on the border which leads straight to war. Still the good luck of America may not yet be exhausted, and may save us from the imbecility of our rulers and the mad folly of the Mexicans. The revolting Republicans of the Senate have won a victory over the President by refusing to confirm the men whom he recently appointed to the chief Federal officers in this city. All but four of the Democratic Senators voted to confirm the appointments, but the Republi cans with the help of these four Demo crats defeated their own President. He must now either try to reconcile his alienated party, or must pass openly over to the Demo crats. Judging from hia love of conciliation, he will probably try the former course. The wreck of the war steamer Huron on the North Carolina coast, by which 109 lives were lost, has has been proved to have been due to bad seamanship, the navigator having put the ship in a corner which rendered it certain that she must go ashore. The failure of the Life- saving Service to give any assistance to the wreck has been the cause of a good deal of harsh and to some extent unjust criticism. The Atlantic coast is lined with Government Life-saving Stations at an average distance of three miles one from another. Each station consists of a two-story building, containing life saving apparatus, beds, and a stove. The crew is mads up of fishermen dwelling in the neighbourhood, and during the winter months the beach is continually patrolled every night. Excellent as are the arrangements in the main, they are by no means perfect. Owing to the smallness of the appropriation annually made by Congress the patrolling of the beach begins in most places in December instead of September, and if any vessel is unfortunate enough to be wrecked before the night of tho 1st of December she may not be discovered by the men of the Life-saving Service until it is too late to render her auy assistance. The apparatus is defective in two respects. The mortar which is intended for use in throwing a line to a wrecked vessel will not carry a ball more than two hundred yards against a gale; and the lifeboat, although it will not sink, is liable to be capsized. In fact, the crew rarely use the lifeboat, preferring to trust themselves to the ordinary wooden surfboat in use among the fishermen. The English lifeboat, which in its way is perfect, is too heavy to be launched by a small crew, and its use would involve an increase of the men in tho service and the cost of a team of horses, which would be needed to drag the boat along the beach. The men themselves are hardy devoted fellows, and no better men for the purpose could be found. The deficiencies of the service are due to the parsimony of Congress, and to that only. Nevertheless, last year over 800' shipwrecked people were rescued by the service,. and with the exception of the crew of the Huron only 39 people were lost by shipwreck on our Atlantic coast. The City of Berlin, one of the line of Inman steamers, which waa con siderably overdue a short time since to the great anxiety of her owners and the public, has fortunately reached her port with a broken shaft. Sometime ago the legislation of this State ordained that licences for the sale of ardent spirits should be granted only to innkeepers. This, of course, was intended to suppress grog shops ; but it has been a dead-letter, and few persons were aware of its existence. A Tempe rance Society has just exhumed tho law, and compelled the police to enforce it in this city, to the great indignation of tipplers and grog shop-keepers. No one supposes that the effect of this enforcement will last. The Legislature will be compelled to repeal the law in deference to the liquor interest, or else the Magistrates will refuse to punish the liquor-dealers except with nominal fines. Not very long ago seme of our citizens who sympathize warmly with Russia organized a Bed Cross Society to assist the wounded of the Bussian armies. Therefore the Turkish sympa thizers organized a rival Crescent and Cross Society to assist the wounded of both armies. Therival Societies fought with much vigour for a time, but to their great disgust found that the public declined to give money to ?either of them. 'When this became clear the Red Cross Society wisely gave up the ghost. Its rival then gave a ball in aid of its funds, and enticed quite a number of people into dancing on behalf of the Russians. Having thus collected a little money this Society in its turn disbanded ; and it is finally settled that while we take great pleasure in selling both of the combatants breech-loading firearms, we decline to pay for the injuries these weapons may inflict. The Eev. Henry Ward Beecher, the noted Congregational preacher, who was the defendant in a suit for adultery two years ago, and escaped through the disagreement of the Jury, has just created a commotion among his co-religionists by announcing that he disbelieves in the exis tence of hell. Inasmuch as the Congrega tlonalists are the lineal descendants of the Independents of Cromwell's day, this attack . upon one of their cherished doctrines by one of their most eminent ministers fills them with horror. Of course if Mr. Beecher is really : guilty of the crime with which he was lately . charged he has a strong reason for wishing to abolish hell, but he will find that the orthodox . members of his sect will give Mm a foretaste of f uture punishment without much delay. The discovery of a new tragedienne — and, what is more, a young and beautiful tragedienne — is really a thing for which to give thanks. A fortnight or so ago a Miss Mary Anderson, a . beautiful girlof about 18 years of age, came to . New York with a reputation acquired in the 'Western States, and ventured to ask the metro politan verdict upon her Juliet. 'While every body was disposed to find her an excessively bad actress — it being naturally supposed that none other could command the applause of a 'Western audience — everybody came away from Miss Anderson's first representation full of enthu siasm. The subsequent parts in which she has appeared have been equally successful. She has . yet much to learn, though very little to un learn; but that she has rare dramatic genius is universally conceded. That a wonderfully pretty . woman should also be a great actress is quite . unusual, but Miss Andersons genius is as evi dent as her beauty. She is going to Paris to devote herself to study, and unless she falls into the hands of a bad teacher she has a splendid future before her. Speaking of public amusements, we are now suffering from a Coloured Baby Show. A Baby Show of the usual colour is perhaps more weakening to the mind than the worst jokes of a circus clown, but a show composed of coloured babies is still worse. The youthful African has a horribly reptiliar appearance, and his head, with its peculiar eyes, reminds one irresistibly of the head of a tortoise. However, the class of people who regard the theatre as sinful look upon the Coloured Baby Show as an improving moral spectacle — not quite so tedious perhaps as a lecture, but quite as devoid of any appeal to the intellect. Throughout the town or business parts of New /York the_ sidewalks are mined and loaded with steam-boilers. 'While every manufactory has, as a matter of course, its steam- boiler, . nearly every bank and office is warmed by steam. ^ Then innumerable boilers are controlled by engineers many of whom are incompetent; and though annually inspected by Government Inspectors the inspection is often a mere farce. That they do not constantly explode is a matter of surprise. On Thursday last two boilers in a candy manufactory exploded almost simultane ously, completely wrecking a large building and setting the ruins on fire. The number of the killed is not yet known. So far two bodies have been recovered; but no less than 19 of the . persons employed in the manufactory are .missing, and 26 are suffering from more or less dangerous wounds. Two or three of the persons known to be ' tilled were passing in front of the building at the time of the explosion and were caught in ' the ruins. It is not a comfortable thought for the New Yorker that at any moment the side ' walk on which he is walking may be blown up . like a Russian siege mine. Let us hope that some of these days a new power less dangerous than steam may be discovered, and the steam boiler and its attendant Irishman abolished. So far no large ocean steamer has ever burst its boiler. The time is approaching, however, when we shall have to chronicle such disastrous explosions at sea. Until within the last few years low-pressure engines have been exclusively used in sea-going vessels, and the pressure of them has rarely exceeded 35 lbs. Since the introduc tion of compound engines the boilers have to bear a pressure of 100 lbs. or more. In many steamships the boilers have now been in use two or three years, and must have deteriorated under the heavy pressure they have borne. 'We shall not haveto wait very long before the ine vitable explosion comes. Once more I must repeat the sama old story . that business, except in the matter of exporting grain, is_ fearfully dull. We have just found the President of a fraudulent Insurance Com pany guilty of perjury, but the honest Insurance Companies do not gain any increase of business by his punishment. The revival of prosperity is now postponed until the resumption of specie payments^by the Government, and no one feels any certainty as to when resumption will begin 