A Haunted House. In view of the recent attempts to personate a ghost at Prahran and Richmond, and coil- fiideriog the nttsntion given to spirit mani, feStatiOUS. the fnllotvinrr n.fi-nnh F.nm l.n far Delnsions" will no doubt prove interest- iug , , . One of the best stories of a hnuuted house is that of the royal palace of Woodstocfont the year 1G49, when tho commisgioramont from Loudon . by the LooK(.0S'aU the to take possession of !t, and,. woro fairly dri»inmnnt I th (loWI' nnd tb/an 0 vL/ . w'pnffered from a rognish the aunoyancea tllQ -m to admiration. Tbcnm' "-Bmcrf, dreading at that time no jg®,, Sfived at Woodsiock, on tho 13th of nliiner, lOiO. They took up their lodgings v.ihe lato king's apartments— turned the beantifnl bedrooms and withdrawtng-rooms into kitchenB and sculleries— the council hall into a brow- bouse, and mads the dining- room a place to keep firewood in. They pulled down all tbo insignia of royal state, and treated with tho utmost indignity every- thing tbBt recaliod to their memory the name or the majesty of Charles Stuart, Ono Giles Sharp accompanied them in tbu rapacity of clerk, and secouded their efforts, apparently with the greatest zeal. He aided them to nproot a noble old tree merely because it wsscnllcd tho King's Oak, and toBsed tho frngmcnts iuto the dining room to nmko cheorfu! fires for the commis sioners. During tho first two days, they heard some strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention to them. Ou tho third day, however, they began toauspcet they had got into bad company ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which gnawed their bed clothes. On the next day, the ohairs and tables began to dance, apparently of their own accord. On the fifth day, something came into tho bedchamber aud walked np and down ; and fotchiog the warming-pan out of tho withdrawing -room, made so much noise with it that they thought five church" hells were ringing in their ears. On tho Sixth day, tho plntes and dishes wero thrown np and down tho diuiug room, On the Bevenlb, they penetrafed into tho bedroom in company with ce70rni log3 of wood, and UBurped tho soft pillows intended for the commissioners. Ou the eignth and ninth nights, there was a cessation of hostilities : bnt ou tho tenth, the bricks in the chimneys became locomotive, and rattled and danced about the floors, and round the heade of tho commissioners, all the night loop. On the eleventh, the demon ran away with their breeches ; and on the twelfth filled their bedB so full of powter platters that thoy could not got into them. On the thirteenth night, the glass became unaccountably seized with a fit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the house. On tho fourteenth, there was a noise as if forty pieces ot artillery were fired off, and a shower of pebblerstonee, which so alarmed the commis sioners that, " struck with great horror, they cried out to one another for help," They firBt of all tried tbeeilluacy of prayors to drivo away the evil spirits ; but these proving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not be much batter to leave the place altogether to the devils that inhabited it. They ultimately resolved, however, to try it aiittfe longer; nnd having craved forgiveness for all their sins,- betook themselves to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, but it was merely a trick of their tormentor to lull them into fahe security, "When, on tbo succeeding night, they heard no noiaeB, they bagan to flatter tbemsoWes that the devil waB driven out, and preparod accordingly to take up their quurters for tho whole rvinter in tho palace. These symptoms on their part became the signal for rooewed uproar among the fiends. On the 1st of November, they heard something walking with a Blow and Bolemn pace np and down the withdrawing-room; and immediately afterwards a shower of stones, bricks, mortar and broken glai8 pelted about thoir ears. On the 2nd tho steps were again heard in tho withdra wing-room, eoanding to their fancy very much like the treading of an enormoas bear, which continued for aboat a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming.pnn was thrown violently upon the table, followed by a number of atones and the jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldest walked valiantly into the withdrawiug-room, armed with swords And pistols; but could discover nothing. They were afraid that night to go to sleep, and sat np, making fires in every room, and burning candleB and lamps in great abundance ; thinking that, as the fiends loved darkness; they would not disturb a company surrounded with so much light, They were deceived, however j buckets of wafer _ came down the chimneyB nnd extinguished the fires ; and the candles were blown out; they knew not how. Some of the servants who had betaken them selves to bed were drenched with pntrid ditch.water, ns they lay, and arose in great fright, muttering incoherent prayers, and exposing to the wondering eyes of the com. missioners their linen all dripping with green moisture, and their knuokles red with the blows they had at the same time received from some invisible tormentors. While they were still speaking, there wbb a noise like the londest thnnder, or the firing of a whole park of artillery, upon which they all fell down upon their knees and implored the protection of the Almighty, Ono of the commissioners then arose, the others still kneeling, and asked In a coarageons voice, and in the name of God, who waB there, and what they had done that thoy Bhould be troubled in that manner. No answer was returned, and the noises ceased for a while. At length, however, as the commissioners said, "the devil came again, and brought with it seven devilB worse than itself." Being again in darkness, they lighted a candle and placed it in the doorway, that it might throw a light' npon the two chambers at ouce; but it waB enddenly blowD out, aud one com. missioner said that he bad " seen the similin tudo of a horse's hoof striking the candle and oandlestiek into the middle of the cham- and afterwards making three scrapes on the snnff to put it out." Upon this, the same person was so bold as to draw his sword ; but he asserted positively that he had hardly withdrawn it from the scabbard before au invisible band seized hold of it and tueged with him for it, and prevailing, BtrRck him bu violent n blow with the pommel that he was quite stunned. Then the noises began again ; upon which, with one accord, they all retired into the presence, chamber, whore they passed tho night, praying and singing psalms. They were by this time convinced that it was useless to strupglo any longor with the powers of evil that seemed determined to make Woodstock their own. These things happenedou the Saturday night, and being repeated on the Hund ay, they determined to leave tho place immediately, and to rctnrn to London . By Tuesday morning early, all their preparations were completed ; and shaking the dust oil their feot, and devoting Wood stock nnd all its inhabitants to tho infernal gods, they finally look thoir departure, hluny years elapsed before the truo cause of tbeso disturbances was discovered. It was ascertained nt i he Restoration that the whole was the work of Giles Sharp, the trusty clerk of the commissioners. This mac, whose name was Joeph Collins, who a con. cealed royalist, and had passed hlB early life within the bowera of Woodstck ; so that ho knew every hole and corner of the place, and the nnmerone trap-doors and secret parages that nbonnded in the hnilding, The commissioners, never suspecting the true state of his opinions, but behoving him to be revolutionary to the back-bone, placed the ntmoBt reliance upon hira ; a confidence -which he abused in the manner abovo detailed, his own great amusement nnd that of tho -avsliers whom ho lot into the secret. "'tor who was told that his last dear as mud, quite promptly t. "t covers tho ground." fi.w ""ord from the follow- nne of tho members The can . appBat SOme- article wan aa.'- some potato replied « Well, th. The. onnwi'in o£ n » inu terlenco uttered by Of the Farmers' niub mado whrt extuivfigan.' : a . buga alewdfljBo digging ft po. 