?f)t c&a;öneg JWontítts &traUf;« SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1878. Is the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, twenty-nine out of the thirty questions on the paper were post- poned,, in deference to the wishes of Ministers. In reply to Mr. Stuart, Mr. FARNELL replied that no la-Ad sales at auction had been held at Gunnedah or el ¿ewhere since the Government came into office, ' wit) i the exception of Casino, where a sale of 3G5 acr fs had been made on the loth. That sale was in vic dation of the instructions, and the land agent had br;tn telegraphed to explain. /Referring to the report of the speech of the ' jiember for the "Univeisity yesterday, respecting his .private business, Mr. FITZPATRICK said that, from the j hour he was sworn in as Colonial Secretary, he had not been inside his business premises, had not touched any private business whatever, nor hail he spoken to the Premier in reference to such business. Petitions were presented by Mr. TERRY and Mr. BAKHOUU against the sale of country lands by auction. Mr. STUAUT obtained leave to introduce a bill to enable the trustees of Christ Church glebe, Newcastle, > to dispose of the coal in the land. The House ordered the production of papers and plans referring to the conditional purchases of Mr. Brennnn and Miss Harrington, the improvement ap- plications made by Kobertson,s Brothers, forfeited conditional purchases of Thomas Kerr, Robert Bar- bour, anti Leighton Barbour. > ' The neljourncd debate of censure on the Ministry was resumed by Mr. M'ELHON'E, who denied the truth of the un- founded reports utteied by the members for Mudgee and the University, to the effect that he had been in charge of Inspector Thorpe ; he challenged anyone to make the nsseition out of doors, where he could be held to answer for it before the Supreme C.ourt. Ile condemned the vindictive speech of the member for the Univeisity, who was anxious n month ago t'j join the present Ministers and Sir Hem y Parke s, and who now denounced them only because of bis dis- appointed greed for the pay of office. He honou ^ed the Premier for refusing to take office under Sir Henry Parkes, and for lus straightforvvaid condy «¡t as a politician. He condemned the Adrninistrntic'/na of Sir Henry Parkes and Sir John Robertson ; mid d jring the two years Mr. Stuart was in oiBr # such was the imbecility of . Ministers that mer .'handise could not be carried on the railways. Mr. DILLON condemned the Ministry bee nuse they had not introduced a land bil), and* bee-ruse their meagre programme altogether belied the pr omises they made some weeks ago. The Estimates woi ildprobably take three months to pass, and it was no' ; at all clear that the proposed patohwoik legislation /an the Elec- toral Act would pass. The composition (if the Cabinet seemed to accountfor the iion-prodúr.ti on of the Land Bill, and if the House failed to insist u .pon ils produc- tion land legislation would be indefir ritely postponed. If the Government had a majority it would be owing to the support procured by pro mises newly and privntply made. The Opposition vvr ¿re not obstructing the Government, but trying to con ¿pel them to intro eluce the land "bill. " f Mr. 'LUCAS could not support a Government"of which the Premier and the Minis ter for Mines were members ; but they were entitlee'f to fair play, and he especially approved of the proposal to correct the anomalies of the representation, before dealing with so important a question ns the lan a laws. Au enlarged ^representation would better entitle the House to legislate on this subject, ami would tend to check irregularities of debate. Mr. W. II. SUTTOH explained that he voted against the former Robertson Government because, nfter their numeious defeats, they he>ld office unconstitu- tionally. He was not a lessee of Crown lands, and lie had, some years ago, pioposect'thtit the sale of country lands at auction should be lim'ited to 500,000 acres a year. He was not, therefoie* amenable to the imputa- tions of stiong pro-squattingjpioelivities. Mr. GLEENWOOD had nothing to say in depreciatio 'n of tlie Ministers, but condemned them for brea' ic- ing down the little patty organisation which exis* _e¿ without anv prospect of obtaining a good work i'ng majority. T'hey postponed every question upon ov" nich in common with the rest of the House they were pledged to legislate, He concuned with the Pr emier that monthly Supply bills waic imdeshable, bu' "with- out a strong Government theie was no pros peet of any Supply. The Electoral Bill proposed wa s not a satisfactory settlement of the question. If ti ie House fresh from a general election did not repr esent the country, were the twenty-thieo new merab ,era to be accepted as representing the country? _ European complications required that we should put' New South "Wales m a state of defence, and the Hou< ie 0u"ht not to scpaiate without making piovision f or a "citizen soldieiy. He was not satisiied to leave! .his matter in the hands of the Govei nment, or to all/ ow the House to be prorogued in the present state ot ' affairs until we made some adequate prov ision for cc ,l0nial defence. The Government came into oiric ¿ ¿y political treachery, and they could or ,]fv ]10iti office bj bidding foi lotes in " A,a, tjlnt was detriment!! to the public -welfare Their policj was pncticallj nnmor j]f because thei held out temptations to the Ciowr _ debtors not to pai their debts, ind thej suspende _ sales bv auction undei the pietence of allow ni' ? the House to ¡>a\ w hether the} should be suspend e¿ 01 n0{ Mr. WISDOM reviewed the circumstances under which the late Government came into power, and indicated them from the aspersions of the member who had just spoken and the member for the Uni- versity. The Government were constitutionally in office, and, without being a suppoiter of thens, he claimed in the interests 0f tiie countiy that tbev should haie a fair trial He considered that their pioposalto deal first w ,th the finances was i light one-one which was rr quired b) the counti), and which would be come- ment to the successor of the Mimstr), if they w eu to be displaced He ippro'v ed of the proposal to _eni next Wltj_ the Eiectoial Bill , foi, in a ommon fairness, ive should equalise the îeprr sentation before we pioceeded to deal with the Lr n_ Bill which so intimatelj con- cerned the inteiof ts of people now piactieall) dis- franchised He/ issumedthe Government iveie pre- pared w ith then, policj, and applauded the high stane\ which they tooV ln asking support onlj on the ground of then measur es The Government could not deni with eveil qu1 ästion at the sime time but tbev pro- posed to deal ivith those which weie most import/int If he sow ar ,j s_gi. 0f xncillntion, he should oppose the Govern! _ent, butas he beheied m thesincenty of the Gov rument, he called upon the Housr to put a stop to t? uese constant changes of Gov ern nent foi no pin por e Mr D' an _R nev er gal e a i ote w ith gieatri pleasure than ti iat which he gave to put out the conupt Govern ment of Sn John Robertson The time to deal w ith the present Government was when thev Vi ou«; ht forward their measures in thiB Chambei, md ho iv ould be prepared to deal w ith them tanby on their poltf.i Hie public were sick of the constant change* of f joi eminent, and the countij wasciimg out fc/r pi/ îetical business ind useful legislation . Mr JACOns had intended not to oppose the Goitv ri- ra ent, but after the disclosuies of to night he co uld ni Dt do so If the House said by their i ote to 1/ ight f tat the programme of the Gov ernment w as sau sfac 'torj he should do lus best to assist the Governm ent to carrv it out, and should resist the motion tob s p¡n. Oosedbv the lion member for New England, wh ck i"wns"intendè>d to compel the'Government to go on with their Land Bill this session. Mr. ¡SiiEntEKi) had been determined to support the Government by the premature motion, of the member for East Sidney, who in this matter was simply the representative of the member for Mudgee and the Banks. Mr. COONAN said that the Government policy in regard 'to clectornl and land reform was in harmony with the views he expressed to his constituents. Mr-, O'CONNOR complimented the Government upon the ability and character of its members, and eon demiijed the speech of the member for the Univer- sity. Mi\ J. DAVIES was anxious to see useful practical legislation brought about ; und, much as he disap- proved of the way in which the present Government had come into office, he would not be a party to fac- tious opposition. He trustes! the resolution would be withdinwn. Mr. STUART replied : He regretted the personalities which had been indulged in, and attributed in a lui go degree the ill success of the motion to the style of argument adopted by the member for the Umv ersity. Ho bad not grounded his resolution upon any personal ground, but solely upon the policy pro- pounded. The Ministry in putting oil the dealing with the land question had lost a grand opportu- nity of consolidating their position to an extent far greater than they could gain from this adventi- tious vote. He dislaimed the imputations that lie represented bankers and squatters, mid declined responsibility for the time which this debate had taken. He was willing to withdraw the motion. Mr. .TAYLOR objectée!. The mention was negatived by 33 to 13. Supply was voted for January, and special votes, for wages and contingencies to the amount of £77,000. The .House adjourned at 26 minutes past 11 o'cloo' k. until 4 o'clock on Tuesday. THE want of confidence debato ended ^ast night in a victory for the Government ' by a majority of twenty. The announcement vvill be leceived by many with surpiise, inay much as it baa been geneially assumed that what- ever the meiits of the Ministry may he it _ would fail to secuto the suppoit of a u mjority of the Assembly. It has been state d, with a good deal of confidence, that the? ie is no probability of a third party beiiif ^ formed in the House, and that the gentlemen win» have been trying to form such t x party re . piesent themselves and nobody el? o. Wheth er Mr. FARNELL and those who lu we come ''lo his aid may succeed in if staining tjho position 'which ihey now oc cupy or áiot the Ass-embly has decider l ¿hat 1 /hey shall hofve a chance, and f ,hero is e .very reason trj believe that the de* cisión to w fliich the Jlcmse bas arrived wil/1 be favou^ably jreceivr¡d by a majority of Ü io people, (>t the count ry. It would probably be a r nistate to -suppose that/ the voto of last night, is an indic/ation of the {real strength either c ,f the Mini/ /try or of tbf j Opposition. The A* ^embly is of'l opinion ti) .at whatever the Mio istry may titjm out to bfc, it ought, in the pref ¡ent position1'ol' affairs, i »o have a trial, and tu at tho atteivipt to dis- pose of it at the outso' c of its caieerf 'was a mis- take.' No one had'a,Tight to com /plain of the proposal to test the» stiength of '4.ho Govern- ment. Mr. FABXBLJ ', at least wovuid acknow ledge that it was ' quite legitimate for Mr. STUART to attenip/ t to get into power if he thought proper to' do so. It is always best, however, before n? aking a declaration of war to calculate the cf frances of viotoiy. There -was ii -pilling very * grave in, Mr. STUART'S forma'l indictment against th_ Government, l£'kù 'course that is now being taken"by the TAATINRLT, party is substantially the one that '-was taken ia April last hy tho Government "j o£ Sir*| HENRY PAR_.ES. That course,'iC'consented to by the Howse, -will certainly be the best for the{ public finances, and there î a no(ieason for believing tliat it will be tluawoist for the public lands." The* argument^ that the Government in not bring- ing in a load bill at once, failed to do what they had virtually -promised to do, was urged, with a good^ deal of reason. The speeches deliver/ _d by meraAiers of the Ministry before they met the House certainly furnished grouu.d for tho expectation that the produc- tion of a land bill would be one of the first acts of the ne^w Government. But wo have low g ceased to expect logical consistency or a vol ,-y energetic adherence to official promises in the gene_ûl ian of colonial Governments. y ir. PARNELL is not prepared to produce his I and bill as early as was expected, but he has pledged himself to lay the bill on the table of the House before the close of the session. If 'this policy is not all that was expected, there is really nothing in it to be seriously objected "to. ' The attempt to force the Government to pioduce a land bill at once, or to disclose tho possible contents of the bill that may be pro-' duced thiee mouths hence, is one that cannot bo strongly commended. The country will lose nothing by a few weeks' delay in the pioduction of a land bill. We have a light to expect that those who are in power will furnish the bills that the country wants, and in the older in which they are required ; but a Government has a light to a reasonable latitudo as to how and when such bills shall bo produced. The land question is one on which we do not want hasty legislation, or legislation as the result' of a mere class or party cry. There was considerable force in the suggestion thrown out by Mr. LUCAS in regard to the delaying of the settlement of the land question until after the question of electoral reform is dealt with, if the latter question is realty to be gone into .du'iing the present session. "We do not say that the programme of Mr. FARNKLI.'S Government was the' best that could havo been decided upon, but we fail to see that it was sufficiently objectioA able to justify the action upon it that was taken by the Opposition. ' The main obj'ect of the motion that was proposed by the member for East Sydney was of course not that of showing that the Minis- terial progiamrae was a poor one, but that of turning out the* Ministty itself. If there had been a reasonable ground for believing that tUis could bo dtj>ne, the comse that wa9 taken might have been regarded as a Safe one. It does not, however, appear that ¿here was any such, grouuid, and the determination-1 to challenge the Ministry may, therefoie, not- withstanding Mr. STLART'S statement in reply, be held to havo been a mistake. There are questions of great piinciple that have some- time« to be taken up and fought out whether the 'prospect bo success or failure. The taàk of challenging a Ministry, however is, under cir- cumstances like the present, a v ery different affair. When the chief question at issue is "v'/hether a weak Government shall be turned Out and a strong one bo put in, the point to be considered is whether the business undertaken can be really done or not. We aro not surprised to And that the defeat I of the Opposition i3 paitially attributed to the imprudence of some of its advocates. There cannot be a doubt that the line of argument adopted by Mr. WINDEYER strengthened the cause of the Ministry, a great deal more than that of the Opposition. We may say, further, that the manner in which "the membory for Zn TT~ T-* I Bistec, on the impt/Vtancr. "P U^versity i* exceedingly unw£ ««?' But^ 7 T - course adopted W Mr 'w«' althou«?a t_, strengthen tho ^ tÄ"».^!« doubt whether if, 8onfc , '"1, "PP°9«tion, "_ of the Ministry» The ',£,7- V° f totll° «^ ^e present M..^^ one and one f rom ¿h /o*J f. °¿° a wed, deal to he ex; pocted , , ia T * ?*? a JP«* both in th, 'House Cd oufsS^W** Ministerial change«, ,1BV0 Ä** 7' inf hi ti ieirdmt;sr3;SÄ^ whether their policy is a JTZ ^ Fm'tt ter the d fcbato which closed last B;"n can le» ,vo little doubt that although £ £?? t.on1? a large, one it wants a good Ä matee it a uni'«.d one. It might^ easy ? soleo t an e: ¿ceptionally atroné GLT2 t0 -V a the ger .leinen who" now sft onTeT Î the SPEAKER, andno one might be better all to do th^tiian Mr. STUART, k-ourse v ät s> tal not be sorry if the time should arój of the He Aise to draw a little nearer than S tiro at 'present. But the healing of nolití^i different and tho formation go£ gg alhancp are things of growth and not* niero i ^rangement, and the manner in whicJ, the c ¡mibiuation of the names of Sir Jn^ RourmTsoN and of Sir IIBNRY PAHKES £ rece fred the night before last was a sbäliV illu gration of the truth of this. When the pre ser ft Government has had a reasonable trial Jit ST PART will have a much better chance of a ff flowing for a strong Government than bp v «mid have had if. his want of confident!; motion had boen carried. But whether a 'coalition among the heads of parties is to bs /'an event of the future or not, it is clear that the time for it has not yet arrived. The Ministry will hardly conclude that the defeat of the Opposition is, under o_isti_tK circumstances, equivalent to an expression of confidence in the Government. The Hous« has decided that the Ministry shall retain it, place at least for the present, but there CM be little doubt that if the Government is to last long, itwill have to do some hard fightT and some real work. . THE opening of the School year can hardlv fail to ' remind us of the defectiveness i much of our machinery for public instructs and especially of that part of it which belong! to the education of girls, hi our priman schools Ave profess to otter equal advantaga to both sexes; but beyond those wo bate hitherto gone much on the principle of helping the boys and of letting the gie help themselves. . It is true that ia this part of the world the State has not yet aroused itself to do a great deal for middle-das education of any kind ; but if little has bee» done by the State, much has been done,aii much more Avili probably be done, by t_ religious denominations. But except in tare instances both Church and State ¿are addressed . themselves to the one ses mi havo overlooked the other. The íesult can- not be said to be the neglect oí higlier-clw female education. If we have few pubLt secondary schools, we have a goodly number of private ones. Prob'ably many of tk't aro as eflicient as any that could bo provided either by the citiJ or' tho ecclesiastical authorities. Wbeíle: tier1 aro joally so or not, we prestí», tkt no one would either destioy the spbeatai private educational enterprise, or refu-e to acltnowledgo the'estent to which societyiss hitherto been indebted to it. ' But while this may be true, it eanaot( bo overlooked that experience has taught, first, that in' the present state of society it is not desirable to leave either the primary or the secondary branch of public education wholly in private hands, ead then, that this is quite as true of tis education of girls as of boys. There TO a time when the education of women W regarded as a business with which socie IT might very well dispense ; and it need hatdlr be saiö. that the notion that a substantut education, althpugh an excellent thing ii men, is one of those things that the generíbt¡ of women can very well do without, is oil* that has not yet died out. There is still i prejudice against literary and eVen inteli gent women that is not confined î those who dislike literature and intelligei» as such. It has been truly said thf there is a class of men who seer«h¡ dread intelligence in women ; " they fancy tM foolishness is softness, and will tell youwhti they speak out that they do not want tia cleverness to be on the wife's side. Tli'J have somewhere in their heads a secietbehr that intelligence and the domestic virtu 6 cannot go together; that a wife who can ft' intellectual interests can never be content I» stay at home and look after the chuchen; thtí a clever woman will, above all, be incapable ii worshipping themselves." Even among those whoso ideal foi women is not a meiely sentimental one, then is an impression that the logical eff«< of the crusade for the education o£ ¡¡di is the contention which is now earn» on on behalf of the rights of women. It « aigued that the result of the modem mow mont that has brought women into u" colleges is the one that has already hrcmgN them into the professions, and that is fw J threatening to bring them into politics ita«* Many people.look with grave suspicion«* the new theories which are abroad touchui the social'and industrial positions of woffle' Such theories, if carried to their legitim"'1' issue, will, " in their opinion, revolutions' rather that protect society ; and, in view « the'possibility of such an issue, they pre'" the kind of education that gives the act*»* plishments to the one sex and solid instruit' tiou to the other, or that trains men fort!"' world and women for the household. As a matter of fact, however, the demu« which is now being made for the nn'4 systematic education of women has Bt 1 grown out of what is known as the women S rights movement, nor is it likely to contribuí toit. With equal confidence may it be ¡a"1 that the admission of girls to a few of the big!"! educational privileges of boys will "n.r*!T rather than destroy the finer sensibili«6 of womanhood. Experience lins sll0W that if education tends to make n>| more manly, it also tends to &* women more womanly. The foremost rea» for imparting intellectual training a' is that human nature is a great deal and stronger with such training than w it; and there is no ground for concluding t' although this may be true of one sex, it » J true of the other. Besides this, the supptf ^ any branch of public education is sut>j»wa n -¿é the answer to a demand, and tho demand (for larger facilities for the intellectual training 'of girls is in many instances even stronger ¡than the demand for similar training in boys. ¡The thirst for knowledge is as keen and the ¡capacity for it is as real in women na in men. [The increased mental activity of tho weaker sex is one of the most remarkable features in the cause of what is called modern enlighten- ment; and the stronger the growth of literary tastes among women, the greater is the obligation laid upon society to supply the deans of guiding those tastes aright. Moreover, one of the strongest grounds for the multiplying of secondarj- schools lies in the influence of such schools in raising the mental tone of society. That influence is often a more powerful one in the hands of women than in those of men. For good or for evil, women are, in their sphere, the foremost of educators and the most potent of rulers ; and the influence which society brings to females, especially dilling the period of what is known as school-girl ago and young womanhood, is an influence which it must certainly get back again in one shape or another. Beyond this there is the further consideration that society has now come to regard the imparting of education as being as truly the work of women as of men. Either from taste or from necessity, a largo number of women now devoto their lives to teaching, and the community, instead of being the loser, is often the gainer thereby. It is evident that for a number of reasous a great deal of the secondary education of the future will have to be done by women, and it is of tho utmost importance, therefore, that some suitable pro- vision for the better education of boys should keep company with a similar provision for the letter education of girls. < The tardiness of society iii adopting a more perfect machinery for this branch of higher education has not been confined to this part of the world. Within the last live years an English writer has said that " throughout the length and breadth of the British Empire one institution alone exists in which women can receive the higher form of systematic education, It is a startling fact in these days of loud educational talk ; but less strange than sad when coupled with the facts that by the side of the 820 endowed schools which existod at the time of the School Inquiry Commission for boys, with their 30,874 scholars, there were only 14 such schools for girls, numbering HIS scholars; and that none of these schools were-of the highest grade." It is satisfactory to find that the neglect of female education is now being remedied both in England and America. In America the system of mixed colleges has been tried, and, it is said, with the most satisfactory results. In Eugland the- verdict . of the authorities has not been' in favour of either the education or the examination of the two sexes being carried on in ?. the same institutions and at the same..time. neither can it be said that ' the education of women has yet become a part of the regular work of the universities. It is, however, a work that is now being vigorously carried on ander the Bhadow of the universities and by university professors. We are told that the demand for this branch of educational work increases, " till it has surpassed the supply, till ' colleges ' ? are choked, and hundreds of first-class men are making livings by delivering very excellent and careful lectures to young girls." In England there is at least one College which was founded to establish the fact of women's capacity to follow severe study, to raise the position of female teachers, and to introduce method into the chaos of girls' education. With every desire to do justice to,the various institutions among us which have contributed to the making the education of our 'girls what it is, we must submit that it is much 'to be regretted that an institution which aims at as high a standard as Girton College, and is equally thoiough and , efficient in its training, does not exist in any one of these «olonies. ûls. "WiNBEïErfB speech was in such question- able taste as to take away from him individu- ally the right of complaining of unseemly interruptions ; but others who are interested M Parliamentary piopiieties retain " that -nglitf i_ fun force> nothing could justify the style-of Mr. M'ELHOXE'S interpolated remarks. They were utterly unsuited to the purpose and to the atmosphere of the Legislative Assembly. Interpolations aie sometimes justuipble when they lend piomptly to conect anstaikes, or are in any way distinctly perti- nent to the purpose of tho debate; but leniarks that have no relevancy, which are simply peisonnl insults, and which are meetly calculated-if they are not intended to provoke a row, stand absolutely condemned. JUey are fit for a pot- house, they "are not «j for the fhst Assembly in the land. .Ue SPEAKER, condemned these interruptions w the strongest possible way, and appealed » the House to protect his ruling. rThe ?aouse took no notice of his appeal. It is a serious question foi hon. 'members at the be- ginning of a new session ami a new Par- lament, whether they aie prepaied to tolerate ana to cultivate this style of Parliamentary mtercomse. New members especially, who are net responsible for any of the discredit attaching to past Parliaments, but - who will Moomai íesponsible for any discredit that may "«on this Pailiament, should especially set ineir taces against conduct that damages the P^tigeofthe Assembly to which the-voice « the people has elevated them. Debate we must baie, and let us have it thorough and «arching; ond-.. shall not compla£ if _t hlliS ^ walm' Bu* "»«Pie bullying aiid Ïft js «ot debate, and it is neces ¡ffL- pailiament should have some «»etne power of restiaining those who would8!T1 í° Aese exhibitions. It mem!, . <1Ulte gímate if, wlien any and tin1' repeate% called to ord« Souldi r?peaîet% ofltendB, the House «Snî S 6 ÍOr the rema^er of the freedom "« '?XÜcl not be an?' elation of would if/13!001' °r °f personal libe^ T* &ttin;_" i i '~e aothiuS m°re than like was iifulf . the lacecourse, because he S ct o/ i1"5 Witîl tlle P-ceedings. If the to 6 un a , "*« ^ n,eethlS pother was aUtínctiv n r' U intMJe«*k»>s would be develen ti,! . Te,object is to debate and to Äy ^ ^t to guide the PersonalTnsu t_ i, "^i >'' tll°n a volle>* ot k A»«Ä n* b0 muc]l distinction. Cíf haS Seeu tW° style of *iscom. U? Imtmal lesult> and evolve nrn T6d Tth Wie kliiT T¿ Wçùr 'rP+Ted t0defend their funded . »o tV membexa of the present . Assembly wish to see this style of thing intro- duced into New South Wales ? If they do not, they should take prompt steps to stop it. The House has inherent power to conduct ita own affairs, and to preserve order; or if there should be any doubt whatever as to the limits of its jurisdiction over its members, it can easily supply the deficiency by a short bill. The SPEAICKII is put in the chair to keep order, but he cannot possibly keep order if bon. members will not mind what he says, and if when they aro distinctly ruled out of order, thoy repeat the offence in a grosser fashion.. The SPEAKER is the mouthpiece of the House, and if order is to be maintained, it must be through the SPEAKER, but by the strength of the House. Tun THEATRES ANn OTHER AMUSEMENTS ron TO- DAY.-The advertisements having reference to excur- sions, the theatres, and other sources of amusement for to-day, will be found on page 16 of the present issue. MOTION or CENSURE.-The discussion of the motion proposed by Mr. Stuart on Wednesday-that the pro giamme of the Government was not satisfactory to the House-was resumed in the Legislative Assembly yesterday. When Sir G. Wigram Allen tookthe chair there was a bare quorum present, Mr. Cameron and Mr. Hungerford being the only members on the Oppo- sition side of the Chamber. From the outset of the adjourned debate it was known that there would be a hirge majoritv in favour of the Government, and hence probably the comparatively little interest which was exhibited during the evening. The House divided shortly before 11 o'clock,-when the'motion was negatived by n majority of twenty, the votes being ayes, 13 ; noes, 33. The result of the division gave rise to some cheering. THE PUBLIC SERVICE.-After the proposed vote of censure last night,.the Government, with the consent of the House, went on with Supply, and an Appro- priation Bill for the month of January was passed through all its stages. The bill includes an amount of £40,000 for railway workmen for the month of February, £7000 for workmen in the Harbours and Rivers Department, and £30,000 as an advance to the Treasurer. TOLLS ON FEMITES.-We leam that the Govern- ment have determined to carry out the resolution of the Legislative Assembly last session, and have airanged to take off the tolls from all public ferries. Some of these tolls have already ceased, and the collection of the remainder will be discontinued within a day or two. THE INTERRUPTED CABLE.-The Bntavia-Singapore cable is still interrupted. We have been unable to obtain any particulars as to the cause of the break, or a3 to the probable length of time the coble will take to repair. THE NORTHERN RAILWAY.-We understand that it is the intention of the Commissioner for Railways (Mr. Goodchap) to inspect the Northern line of railway eivrlv in the ensuing week, with a -view to provide additional accommodation said to be required for the traffic at various stations. , AUCTION PURCHASES.-In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday,' Mr. Barbour gave notice of his intention to move-" That there be laid upon the table of this House, a return of all auction purchases since the passing of the Lands Act of 1861, upon which the balance of purchase money was not paid upon their due dates, specifying in each case the dates upon which late payments were received, and the name of the Minister or oth;tr person authorizing such receipt, and the names of the purchasers ; also, all of such lands which' weie selected after auction, with the names of the selectors, dates of selection, and price paid by auction selectors ; also, lots not yet selected upon which deposits were paid, and upon which balances are overdue." QUARTER SESSIONS.-The Court of Qnarter Sessions for January will commence on Monday next, at Dar- linghurst. Mr. District Court Judge Wilkinson will preside. The following is a list of the cases for trial : \- Norah Nihill, feloniously wounding ; Thomas M'Kay and Patrick Carey, robbery with violence ; George M'Intosh, stealing from the person; Janies M'Clelland, stealing from the person ; John Wilkin- son, stealing from the peison ; Henry Clarke, stealing in a dwelling-house to the value of £5 ; Thomas Dwyer, obtaining money by false pretences; William Welch, larceny ; Andrew Jasper, unlawfully and maliciously wounding ; John Baptist, robbery with violence ; Ah Yen, attempt to commit suicide ; Peter Stewart, stealing from the person ; Susan Fisher and Sarah Chapman, robbery with violence ; James Pratt, inflicting grievous bodily hann ; James Turner, obtaining money by false pretences ; John White, stealing from the person-second count, receiving; "William Jackson, unlawfully and maliciously wound- ing-second count, inflicting grievous bodily harm ; John Wooller, unlawfully and maliciously vv ounding ; James Hay lett, unlawfully and maliciously wound- ing; Francis L, Riley, stealing from the person; "William Benyon, stealing from the person ; James "Watts, inflicting grievous bodily harm ; Mary A. Leonard, attempt to steal from the person ; Samuel Donnelly, unlawfully and maliciously wounding, and, second count, inflicting grievous bodily harm ; Mary Adley, unlawfully pawning (titree counts) ; Charles Fletcher, larceny; Mary Ann Leonard, unlawfully pawning (three counts) and larceny ; Arthur Phillips, larceny (thiee charges) ; Emma M'Caithy, Mary Ellen M'Caithy, James Magner, and Robert Tyce hurst, stealing fiom the person; George Emberson, alias Joseph Watson, obtaining money by false pre- tences (two chaiges); Elizabeth Hardiman -; Michael Quill, unlawfully breaking nnel entering a dwelling-house with intent to steal,-second count, assault; Ellen O'Donnell and Elizabeth Davisv robbery with violence ; Annie Wilson, stealing from the person; Francis Everett, stealing from the person. SYDNEY MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. - The motion by Aldeiman Chapman, referred to in our issue yester dny, should have read as follows :-"That the City Engineer report on the necessity and expense of sup- plying the borough of Newtown, Petersham, and the Annandale Estate with water direct from the Pad- dington reservoir." SHIPPING or THE PAST WEEK.-During the past week the arrivals from foreign ports have been fairly numerous, as the appended list will .show. The arrivals were:-Whampoa (s.), from London, via Mel- bourne ; Star of China, from the Downs ; Arsène, barque, from Mauritius ; Mabel, barque/from Bos- ton ; Strathdon, barque, from the Lizard ; Sarah Nicholson, ship, from Liverpool : Newark, ship, from Liverpool ; Ocean (s.), from Hongkong ; Normanby (s,), from Hongkong ; Meteor, barque, from Tongata ooo ; Wave Queen, ship, fiom Java; Martha Brokel liam, barque, from Mauritius ; Havelock, barque, from Mauritius ; John Williams, barque, from Navigators Islands ; Sea Nymph, barque, from Noumea. Foreign .departures were-Christian, schooner, for Shanghai ; H. M. S. Conflict, on a cruise. The intercolonial passenger traffic w as somewhat greater than in the previous week, being as follows :-Arrivals from Melbourne, 258 ; departures for Melbourne, 231 ; arrivals fiom Brisbane, 210 ; departures for Brisbane, 125\. The passenger list from Queensland ports might he greatly supplemented if there were included 250 Chinese passengers by the steamer Ocean, and 32 Chinese by the Normanby, fiom Hongkong, via Queensland ports. ^ COAL MIXEHS OP THE HUNTER.-A deputation, con siding of delegates from the coal-mineis of Greta, Wallsend, and New Lambton, had an interview with the Colonial Secretary (the Honorable Michael Fitz- patrick), at his office, yesterday. They were intro- duced by Mr. Cameron, M.P., and Mr. M'Elhone, M.P. They repiesented that there was great distress among the coal miners of the localities from which they carne, the number' of them being far in excess of the demand for their labour. Many of them could not obtain more than two days' work a week. Mr. Fitzpatrick expressed his regret at the existence of the state of things described, and he undertook to instruct the Agent-General by telegraph to discourage the introduction of more coal miners. He would also put himself in communication with the Minister for Works with a view to ascertain where work on the railway lines or other public con- tracts was available, it being represented that the miners wcie willing to undertake any pick and shovel labour. Ile would also make inquiry into the state of the district. POLICE REGULATIONS.-A supplement to yesterday's Gourmiwit Gazelle contains the new rules for the general government and discipline of the members of the police force of New South Wales, established by his Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council. The- "-""I«.» are in lieu of those ,~.»iiMiiiipd i" '.«A4. AWNEKSAFY REGATTA -The committee completed all the preliminary matters connected with their aquatic carnival last evening The entries are more numerous than at any prev íous regatta, and one of the most exciting races w ill be that of merchant ships gigB, for which there are no less than nine entries In addition to the money pri/c for the crew, Mr Elkinton has given a silver speaking trumpet, as a trophy for the captain of the slup to which the winning boat belongs The Fairfax prize boat, and other trophies will be exhibited in the iiagslup The latter is a fenture in itself, as being the most spacious, and elegant ev cr placed at the disposal of a regatta com- mittee here A report having been circulated that the yachtViolctwouldhavebeen entered had thecommittee allowed her to go with the usual time for tonnage, instead of wislung her to class as a 20 ton boat, the committee last evening elecided to make public the fact that they never had anj intimation from the owner of the "\io»et that he intended to enter, but on the contrarj that prior to any details of the matches being decided upon, he stited that ho and others would not race it a certain member of the committee officiated again in Ins former capacit) Steamers are to ply all daj between the Circular Quav. and the flagship at a fare of Gd eoeh w15 CABS AT THE RAILWAY STATION-.-It will be a surprise to most people who have seen the long anny of cabs in the yard at the Redfern Railway Terminus, to leam that there is no such a thing as a cab-stand there. This i\ as proved in a case which came before Messrs. Smart, Hunt, and Charlton, at the AVater Police Court, yesterday. A cabman, named M'Caw, the driver of ca'bNo. 309, was summoned by Inspector Oram for having refused to take a fare. Mr. Burton Bradley, the gentleman who was aggrieved, stated that, on the 15th instant, he was at the Redfern Rail wny Station, and that, "ceing the defendant with his cab at the head of the rank, he hailed him. The de- fendant, however, took no notice of .lum, but drove past him to the station as if ior the purpose of taking up a passenger, but it happened that there were no passengers there. Mr. Bradley again requested the defendant to take him as a passenger, but the defendant still refused to notice him, and drove into Sydney with his cab empty. The Bench were compelled to dismess the caáe, on the ground that there is no cab stand at the Railway Station. Mr. Oram said that the Commis- sioner for Railways had always refuted to allowa cab-stand nt the Railway Station to be gazetted. The effect of the action of the Commissioner is to make the cabmen independent of all control, when on the railway premises, and to put the public to inconvenience, as in the case instanced. Either the railway authorities should agree to make the stand a public one, or the Transit Commissioners should consider whether the convenience of passengers in licensed vehicles cannot be better consulted. ' CHRISTMAS NUMHER OF THE AUSTRALIAN MUSICAL MAGAZINE.-AVe have received from Messrs. Nicholson and Ascherberg the Christmas number of their musical magazine, which, in. point of typography, compares most favourably with Boosey and Chappell'sseries, to which it bears a strong resemblance. It is, however, printed in larger type, and is much clearer. The contents of the number under notice consist of eight pieces, two of which are, instru- mental and the rest vocal. In the former are a very pretty set of waltzes by Lamothe named the Brise des Nuits, which should be very popular. There are nine vocal pieces, several of which are songs, if not of a very high order of musical merit, still very popular. Amongst these may be specially mentioned Brigham Bishop's ballad " She's a Rosy, she's a Posy," being the companion to the popular air "Pretty as a Picture," and Abt'a very effective ballad "D'ear old AVords," both of which are excellent selections. Several of the pieces are entirely new. Mr. Fred. Lyster arranges Lord Honghton's lines, " I wandered by the Brookside," to a pretty and plaintive air, with chorus. In order, perhaps, to render the serial popular some mixing was necessary, but there are one or two of the selections which perhaps might have been improved upon. Still the variety is there, and the purchaser, gets the full worth of his money in the pieces we have above specified. IMPORTANT TO BUTCHERS, DROVERS, &c.-William; Luckey appeared before. Messrs. Pinhey, Oatley, and Neale, at the Central Police Court, " yesterday, to answer an information by sub-inspector Rush, in which the defendant was charged under the 1st sec- tion of IG A'ictoria, No. 23 (an Act to prevent cattle being drhen thiough populous towns and places except within certain hours) ; that on the 3rd Januarv instant, after S a.m. and before G p.m., he drove forty head of cattle, intended for slaughter, along the Parramatta Road, in the borough of Ash- field, the said borough being a place to which the Governor, by proclamation in the Government Gazette, had extended the provisions of the said Act. Con- stable Higgins produced the Government * Gazette containing the boundaries of the borough of Ash- field, and extending the pio\isions . of the Act thereto He deposed that on the day in question he saw defendant driving the cattle along the Parramatta Road a few minutes before G o'clock in the afternoon, and that he had a conversation uitli him ; but the witness could not say of his own know lcdee whether or not the cattle were intended for slaughter. Mr. AAr. Roberts, for defendant, submitted that the Governor could not legally extend the pro- visions of the Act In question except to towns and places contemplated by the Act, which could not be extended to the municipality of Ashfield, because municipalities can exercise no power over the main roads of the colony, which were exempted from their control by the express terms of section 1Ó3 of the Municipalities Act of 1S67; so that any by-law passed in respect of those roads would be repugnant to law and ultra i ire J, the power over the main roads of the colony being vested and subject to control and management in the manner pointed out by 21 A'ictoria, No. S, .' An Act for managing and upholding the Main Roads of the colony." He (Mr. Roberts) contended, therefore, that both in law and in fact the case had failed. Mr. Redman, for the prosecution, argued that the Act had been properly extended, and that defendant had become liable for a contravention thereof. The Bench, without giving any opinion on the legal points raised, dismissed the information on the ground of failure of proof that the .cattle in question were intended for slaughter. Several other informations of a like character stand over until Friday next. HAIR FLOWERS.-M. Dreux, of 40, Glebe Road, has just shown us a sample of his ingenuity in the shape of a bouquet of flowers made fiom human hair in- natural shades, and varying fiom hazel blown for the leaves to almost snow}- white for the blossoms. The wo'rk, which is really artistic in appearance, is said to have had its origin in the efforts of some members of the Royal Family of Sweden, who wished to preserve relics of their relations, and is intended to provide mementoes of families the members of which supply their hair for making them up. INQUEST.-Yesterday the City ' Coroner held an inquiry at the Diamond Pottery Hotel, Botany Road, respecting the death of Ann Conway, whose body was found floating in a dam near her residence. The first witness called whs Mr. Thomas Conway, of AVaterloo, Botany Road, who identified the deceased as his daughter,- who was 17 years of agc. She had been unwell for some days' previously. He last saw her alive at 10 o'clock on AVediiesday4'evening. Soon afterwards he heard . she ,wns missing, and he and others coranieneed > a search, but could riot discoverlier.' Dr. AV. AV. J. O'Reilly, of 3, Hyde Park-terrace, Liverpool- street, said he had been attending the deceased pievious to her death, when she was suffering from typhoid fever ; she liad also been delirious. After examining the body on Thursday, he came to the conclusion that death had been caused by suffocation iii the water. Ellen Goode said she last saw the deceased alive at 1 o'clock on "Wednesday evening, when she was in her nightdress ; she did not appear to be wearing any other clothes ; her feet were bare ; the deceased went towards the back door and disappeared. Maiy Kelke, of Botany Road, said that while searching for the deceased on Thursdav morning she saw something white floating in Hmchclift'b dam, and this aftcrwaids pioved to he the body of Ann Conway; when found she had nothing on but her nightdress. Mary Conway, n sister, having given corroborative evidence, the jury returned a verdict that deceased was found drowned, but there was no evidence to show how the body carne in the dam. | THE INTERCOLONIAL MATCH.-Yesterday afternoon the second meeting for practice of the sixteen candi- dates for selection ~in the intercolonial Match took place at the Association Ground, but as only half the players were piesent, (and a heavy shower put a sudden stop to the cricket) the work done was not of a specially interesting character. The players present were Powell, Massie, Buiiows, Geary, Brown, Cowcher, Dummett, and Gregory. ST. ANDREW's CATHEDRAL.-Order of Service for Sunday, January 27 : Magnificat, Arnold, in A ; Nunc Dimittis, La Trobe, in D ; anthem, "From the Rising of the Sun," Sir F. G. Ouseley. A FATAL FIT.-On Thursday, Constable Goble, while on duty in Sussex-street, noticed a man, named John Farley, fall down in a fit. The constable imme- diately placed him in a cab and took him to Sydney j Infirmary, where he died yesterday afternoon. THE BENEVOLENT SOCIETY OF NEW SOUTH "W ALES - At a ballot of the subscribers of the institution which took place between 10 a ra and 4pm yesterdaj, the following gentlemen were elected members of the committee-Messrs \\\ M Alderson, T Abigail, J E Begg U W Carpenter, "v\ S Friend, R Hills, Rev Mr Mahonv, Thomas O Neill B Palmer, "\\\ Pratt, George Renwick, and Joseph Thompson FIJI -By way of Isew Zealand the following Fiji items of news come to hand -A laTge forpst of sandalwood has been discovered m the centre of Viti Levu This is due to the active explorations carried on bj Mr A Gordon, C M G The forest, in order to preserve it from the fate of similar piede cessors, has been " tabu d Some 20 logs of the wood Vere received in town the other daj, and are verj fine specimens of this valuable commodity As an article of native trade in the Fin and other groups sandalwood stands unrivalled His Excellency the Governor, with a view to the employment of the pro vident habit of life assurance m the colonv committed to his charge has resolved to relieve life assurance companies and their agents from being subject to all taxation in the form of trade licenses In the ev ent of the Government deciding cn electing a good wharf, there is a whisper to the etrectthit a iiji Steam >¡avi gation Company will he formed to secuie the inter insular trade The accounts oi the distress in India has caused subscriptions to be made in Levuka for the relief of that dislieis A number of citizens began to collect lunds for this purpose, actively assisted Dj the Rev Mr Lingham and in a few hours ovei £100 was collected a draft for which amount was forwarded by the Leichardt, to the Major of Sjdnev, on this account and since the above amount w as forvv arded some £2 > more has been collected THE PRAYER FOU THE GOVERNOR.-The Geelong Advertiser says :-" A rather singular occurrence toole place during Divine service at the Church of England, Birregurra, on Sunday last. When the Litany was rend the congregation repeated the responses in a very devout manner for a length of time, but when the prayer was oftered up for the Governor, there was no response-the worshipper» were dumb. The clergyman, after waiting for a considerable time, made the re- sponse himself. Such conduct brings religion into contempt." Mu. FRANCIS AT WEST MELBOURNE.-The Daily Telegraph describes the disorderlj- proceedings at Mr. Francis's meeting at West Melbourne, on Tuesday, as follows :-" The Berry faction had a most decisive and characteristic victory last night at St. Patrick's hall. Though hundreds of reasonable, respectable electors were present, there was from the first a sprinkling of noisy though harmless individuals. About a quarter of an hour before the chair was to be taken, a compact company of roughs marched Into the hall, and it was evident that this was an organised gang, not intended so much to insult Mr. Francis as to cry themselves hoarse in defence of the Ministry and the Governor. Several well-known mem- bers of the Melbourne, Collingvv ood, Richmond and other protection leagues occupied prominent positions as directors of the disturbance. In spite, however, of all the efforts of the rioters, there was evidently pre- sent an immense majority friendly to the candidate. Wlien, therefore, Mr. Fiancis, Sir Charles MacMnhon, Mr. Loader, anti other well- known men appeared on the platform, the excitement and uproar that ensued became indescribable. The compact minontj' of Liberal roughs met the cheers which greeted Mr. Francis with 'frantic calls for applause for " our friends," the Governor and Beny. It was singular and significant how constantly'the unsavory intrudeis kept the names coupled. Sir Charles MacMahon spoke a few words. Mr. Loader took the chair. Mr.1 Francis stepped to the front of the platform, and then' was enacted for upwards' of half an hour a scene of' insult, intimidation," and barbarity unprecedented in West Melbourne. : Respectable men began anxiouslj to crush their waj* out of the room, but scores of Mr. Francis's supporters 'kept their places, and met the yells and gesticulations of. the Ministerial mob with hearty undismayed cheers. During this half-hour he kept quietly - talking, and occasionally a few- words, were , heard by the reporters. 'No chance, however, of heiiricg n complete sentence was given, and Mr. Francis being informed of this, reluc- tantly and very deliberately left the platform. He ;vvas closely surroicÊed by a sturdj- body- guard of electors, before whom the cowardly gaggers'gave ample way. The platform wai now rushed by those whose tactics had driven the cnnelidate and his friends off it. The opponents of the Government, however, were still sufficiently numerous to kill all attempts at stump oratory. Altercations, blows unprovoked, and 'vile personal insults, were now added to the former "Liberal" proceedings. In the midst, how- ever, of this indescribable riot the gas was suddenly turned off. How the haU got emptied it is .'impossible to ' guess, but it might be hoped that the friend« of _ ' Berry andthe Governor ' fell foul of and 'heartily belaboured one another. So ended a scene unprecedented in Victorian politics for the ruffianism displayed by the opponents of the candidate. Mr. Francis subsequently made his way to the Union Club Hotel, the large dining-room of which was in a "few minutes crowded. 'Here Mr. C. E. Bright, of Bright, Brothers, was voted to the, chair, and Mr. Francis spoke for about an hour and a half. Ho was frequently warmly applauded, more especially wh,en he said that as a moderate politician and a justice-loving citizen he woulel, if elected, go right into opposition to the present Government, and I neither give nor accept mercy in fighting them. The usual motion, that Mr. Francis was a lit and proper person, &c;, was carried with enthusiasm," DEATH IX THE BUSH.-On Friday last (reports the Wagga Wagga Expresi) a stockman named James Egan, in the employment of Mr. J. Donnelly, of North Junee, saw a man lying near the Levels road. When he found the unfortunate man, who was ap- parently in a dying state, he immediately rode off to the nearest dam-a mile and a half away-and pro curetl some water. The man, however, was unable to swallow anything, so Egan procured n spring-cart, and drove him to Giles' public-house, twelve miles from Junee, Mr.' Giles did all in his power to save the man's life, but his efforts were in vain, as he died about 7 o'clock the same evening. It appears that the unfortunate man, whose name was Joseph Hicks, had been five days in the same place, within twenty yards of the road. He had seen some people passing, ' but no one hail gone to his assistance. The conduct of Egan, who humanely did all in his power, forms a marked contrast to this. When Hicks was found he I was covered with ants, and otherwise in a deplorable condition, being absolutely reduced to a skeleton, not having had food or water for a long time. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr. T. W. Ham- mond, J.P., who found that deceased died from ex- haustion, caused bj- want of food and .water, and I ordered the burial of the remains. FATAL CASE or SNAKE BITE.-A very serious casep I snake bite (states the Alexandra Standard of January ' 12) happened to a young girl, fourteen years of age", the daughter of Mr. Wylie, a well-known and much respected resident of the Acheron. The girl was 'engaged in the harvest-field helping to build stooks, when she was bitten by a tiger snake on the left leg, 'about 3J inches above the ankle. She was immedi 'ately attended to by her relations, who were near at hand, and after a ligature had been tied round the 'leg, and the wound sucked, the girl walked a distance ¡of a mile to her home, ami when she arrived there had become almost blind. Brandy was then administered. A'messenger was, dispatched for Dr. Fergusson, and that gentleman lost no time in appearing on tlie scene, but, between three or four hours havhtg elapsed from the time of the bite, the tpatient w'as in a complete state of coma, the .pupils of the eyes much dilated and almost impercep- tible, and she was breathing with great difficult}-. Dr. Fergusson at once administered Professor Hal ford's remedy, injecting ammonia, but finding the girl tlidnot íeturn to consciousness, he injpeted ammonia n second time, about half an hour afterwards, upon which coma entirely disappeared, and the pulse became much fuller, but quicker, and breathing more natural, the film left the eyes, and the patient showed symptoms of returning consciousness. The doctor îêmainfcd all night attending to the ease. Mr. Wylie and one of his sons went over to the stook at wliich the girl had been bitten, and after removing several of the sheaves, found the snake, which measured 4 feet, and killed it. The girl, after being bitten, had struck the reptile, and evidently wounded it, so as to prevent its escape. The young girl had a relapse about 12 o'clock on Thursday night, and expired at 3 yes terday morning. TIN AND COPPER ORE.-Return of tin ore received ? at Newcastle and Morpeth for the week ending 19th January :-From Warrah to Newcastle, 9 tons 11 cwt. ; fiom Wairah to Moipeth, 21 tons 13 cwt. 1 quarter-total, 34 tons, 4 cwt. 1 quarter. Return of copper ore receivetl at Sydney station for week ending 19th January:-Fiom Goulburn, 4 tons 10 cwt.; fiom Yale Clwydd Siding, 11 tons 0 cwt. 2 quarteis; from Bownmg, 7 tons G ev\ t. 2 quarters-total, 22 tons 17 cwt. MoTiirits AND Xi-üsr«.-For cliiltlren cutting their teeth nothing excels'Mis. JoTnwm's Soothing Syrup, which is not n medicine, but used only on the gunn ; contains no nu cotic. It cools the Rums'and giVes immediate relief. Prepared only by Harelay and Sons, lairmgdon-stieet, London. Price, 2s. Sd. per bottle. Sold by all clicni'"» -o'-*«* Mr. Pratt, und elliott, Uiothcis. Svdnov -¿itr MR. BERRY AT GEELONO.-The Geelong Advertiser states that there were no fewer than forty reportera seated ot one time at the table at the Mechanics' Institute, on Monday evening, taking down the Chief Secretary's speech. Telegrams of ~lr. Berry's speech were sent to every newspaper in Victoria the pro- prietors of which were unable to send representatives, and also to the leading journals in the several neigh- bouring colonies. Mr. Arivian had a very large staff of operators at work nearly all night at the Telegraph Office, the arrangements being excellent. Nearly 30,000 words were transmitted after the conclusion of the meeting, and the office was closed before 2 o'clock. TRIAL OF A NEW AVATKÎ ASOER.-A trial of a new water auger, invented and patented by Messrs. Wright and Edwards, was made on Tuesday, at the Atlas Ironworks, Melbourne, and resulted most suc- cessfully. The machine (says the Daily Telegraph) is designed for the purpose of boring to great depths for water, and consists of a tripod of iron pipes, connected together at the top, and about three feet from the ground, by light iron frames. The base of each leg of the tripod is fixed in the ground, the lower frame is bored out, and fitted with a square-threaded screw sufficiently large to allow the auger and couplings to pass through it. The screw works in a nut m the frame, which can be allowed to i evolve with the s:rew, or, on being checked, causes the screw to descend, thus regulating the downward motion of the screw, and with it the revolving auger, which _ is secured to the screw by three grippling jaws, which can be released instantly when the screw is raised for a new grip of the auger. The hollow screw, and with it the auger is made to revolve by means of a worm wheel and worm, turned by a boy, his power being increased about forty times, and a steady cutting motion being ghen to the auger, and the rate of cut regulated according to the nature of the ground. The patent auger con- sists of several lengths of tubes, screwed and coupled together in convenient lengths, and fitted with a boring-head, consisting of three cutters of special steel, simply and firmly attached, and which cuts a ring out of the ground, leaving a coie, which is extracted by the special toola supplied, and which are worked by a small winch attached to the frame. AVhen water is struck and sunk through to a sufficient depth, the core is all extracted, and a lining or working barrel is slipped down the auger, fitted with external bucket leathers, and a foot valve at the lower end. The bucket is then lowered, and pumping commenced, the pressure at once securing the working barrel or pump chamber in its place. NIMROD FISHINO CLUB.-The members of this club had their first outing for the present year on Thurs- day last, when over forty members and friends were present, and having the commodious steamer Goolwa, there was ample room for each. Fish, however, were not plentiful, although several favourite spots, such as Long Reef, Narrabeen, Hole in the Wall, &c;, were tried, with however only moderate success, and upon their being Counted 37.i was the total. The day was most delightful with a smooth sea and gentle breeze, enabling every one to thoroughly enjoy him- self. -Mr. A. Fox obtained the first leg in tor Mr. Eastway's trophy. The principal events of the day, however, were' two presentations, to perform which all hands mustered on the poop, and in the absence of the president and viee President, Mr. John Rogers was called upon to officiate, whereupon with a few appropriate remarks he presented to Mr. Thomas Harrison a handsome fish-slice and fork (presented tor competi- tion hy Mr. C. Thorne), won by him at the last outing. Mr. J." J. Yeend, the honorary treasurer of the club, was then requested to stand forward, being totally ignorant of what was about to take place, when Mr. Rogers, in the name of the members of the club, all ot whom had contributed thereto, after an appropriate speech, presented to him an elegant diamond-set gold medal, as a. mark of esteem and respect, also as a slight acknowledgment of his indefatigable exertions in the interest and well-being of the club, and then deputed Captain Heselton to attach the medal to Mr.' Yeend's chain ; after which his health was drunk with musical honours, when he, evidently much affected by such an unexpected present, feelingly acknowledged the compliment. ALBERT C. C. V. MAITLAND C. C.-The contest between elevens of the above clubs will take place to- day on'the Association Ground. The names of the visiting team are not to hand, but the Albert Club will be represented by the following players, viz. : - C. Anderson, Boddam, Burrows, Crane, 'A. Docker, W. Docker, Massie, Morgan, Moses, Thompson, and Tooher. Play will commence about 10 o'clock. SYDNEY MUSICAL UNION.-The members of the above tendered a complimentary concert to their friends at the Guild Hall last evening. The room was comfort- ably filled by a highly appreciative audience, and the concert itself was as charming a one as the most fastidious could require. There were but nine num- bers on the programme, but several were tolerably lengthy, so that the concert did not terminate until aft« 10 o'clock. There were five vocal and four i instrumental pieces cn the programme, but, owing I to the absence of two of the ladies, the duet " The Angel " by Rubenstein, which is new to a Sydney audience, had to be left out and an instru- mental trio substituted. With the exception of a slight unsteadiness in the Gipsy chorus of Schumann at the outset, and from which the chorus very soon re- covered, the vocal portion of the concert was excellent. Mr- AVilkinson, who was in far better voice than he has been for sometime, sang Callcott's "Last Man" with excellent effect, and is to be highly complimented. Chérubini's chorus " Lullaby " forfemale voices only, was admirably given, "the delicacy of light and shade which so particularly marks the composition being for amateurs remarkably well-sustained. The scena from Tannhauser, 'in which are introduced the " Pilgrim's chorus," the " Prayer of Elizabeth," and the " Evening Star," was even more effectively given than on the last occasion, and the soprano solo stamped the lady who gave it as a singer of far more than ordinary merit. She has thoroughly mastered the difficulty of AVagner's music,' and it is to be hoped that the' compositions of this maestro, which require not only vocal ability, but intelligent reading, will be further treated by her on a futuie occasion. AVe know little of AVagner's music here, and it should prove a source of satisfaction in musical! circles to know that we have a lady so equal to its rendition. Signor Steffani sang the bass solo very well, and he was well supported by the chorus, who were perfect. Of the instrumental portion of the concert every number was good, and it seems difficult which to specially single out for commendation. Perhaps Schumann's sonata stands first, from the thoroughly sympathetic manner in which Herr Kretschmânn and Mr. Moss rendered it; but the _ quartette of Mozart's in G minor anti Tomis'_ meditation, the . latter' containing a charming adagio movement, are equally worthy of special notice. Mr. Hodge favoured the audience with Giorza's florid air in the overture to " Marie Antoinette," which brought out all his delicate power of instrumentation, but it cannot be said that beyond showing power of execution, the composition helps the performer very much. Mr. Sloss was, as usual, an excellent accompanist, and used on the occasion a grand piano by Bluethner, a German maker new to the public generally. The instrument shows great power and brilliancy. It was kindly lent by Messis. Mater, who enthusiastically support the society. At the conclusion of the concert many of the guests remained to spend the rest of the evening in a social dance. Mr. Harris, of the Victoria Café, had an excellent refreshment stall, and the whole arrangements were calculated as indped they proyed, to give much pleasure to the guests of the evening. TUE THEATRES -The performances nt each of the leading theatres are chamred this ev ening At the llojal the pantomime is withdrawn, anti a season of opera bouffe commences in the "Nemesis " Miss Clara Thompson and Miss Stella divide the leading j ole, and appear alternatelv in the cnaractei of Rosalie Ramponneau Mr Creswick opens in the " Merchant of Venice, ' nt the Victoin, with Mi<¡s Ashton as Portia, he himself sustaining the leading character of Shvlock A ver j fine impersonation maj be antici- pated, ludging from the favourable notices Mr Cres w tck lias receiv ed elsewheie The play itself appears otherwise to be veij well cast Mr Bartlettplajs Gratiano, Mr Jerdan Antonio, Mr Douglas Bassanio, and Mi Jones Luuncelot Gobbo The parts of Jessica anti Nenssa are filled by Miss Mainwarnig and Miss Austin respectrv elj The Geoigia Minstrels enter upon the last week of their engagement at the Queen s, as the\ close on Friday next, where thej are to be succeeded bj the Leon troupe, who have a mixed enteitainment, in winch selections fiom opeia bouffe plaj an important part, the female character being taken bj Mr Leon himself, who is reported to be exceedingly clever as a female impeisonatoi Mr D'Arcj Reade expects to open nt an eailj date in one of the public halls with his clever optical entertainments, m which Pepper s ghost is introduced m sev eral short pieces written to fit the illusions His companj are now cn route from Souiabava The Indian and China Press speaks veij ilatteiingly of the entertainment It is, m many respects, not quite a novelty here, but the apparatus eraploj ed has been much elaborated during the last year or two There is, evidently, to be no lack of amusements on the score of variety 