XEirS OF THE DAY. The present Bysteux of telegraphic com- Bmicatioa with Europe works very unsatis- hetorily. Yesterday we were informed that It! reason why the cable had worked badlv on Thursday night between Port Darwin tod Banjoewaugie was beoame heavy flood it the latter place had entered the Ale house. It waa added that the line wae then working well throughout. Telegrams bom Europe were therefore expected, but it midnight we learned that the overland hnoto Port Darwin wa interrupted north of lumant's Oreek, and there wonld therefore h no cable messages.9 The Chief Secretary yesterday proceeded to Sale, and in the evening was present at a Betting at the Temperance Hall, convened by the Uippsland liberal Association, There Jat a crowded attendance, and Mr. Berry Delivered an exhaustive speeoh, explaining the present situation of political atfairs and the intentions of the Government in refer ence thereto. At the conclusion of his address he was enthusiastically applauded, thaa resolution thoroughly endorsing the lotion of the Ministry was carriod unani. Bouly. Tenders were opened yesterday for the tspply anfl conveyance of coal for the Vic torian R&flway; department, but no an nouncement _ was made in regard to them Pending their consideration by the depart- lb will bo remembered that a short cme back tho Commissioner determined to endeavor H possible to avoid the additional tlpenee incurred by the purchase of coal through agents, and resolved upon obtaining tenders direct from the coal owners. Two tenders were received yeBterday from coal 'fH"' to supply the department « the current prices at the pit's month, while five tenders were opened for the con veyance and delivery of the coal here. 0 er receive the attention of the sincere of the department, and it is antici pated that the result will show a considerable lung npon former contracts. During the past week stranger have been , tal times excluded from the Legislative assembly at the instance of some hon, mem- Mr who, feeling dissatisfied with the pro- edmgs, desired that no record of what wa asing place should appear in the newspapers, til "ei)roPriety f any single member being m tfi exc'u.(f0 stranger for the mere P»titication of his own caprice opinions may , u.i . but there can be no difference opinion as to the present mode of getting a of strangtrs, at least so far as the expe- On D6"sPaPer reporters is concerned. 6 'k® Bever®l oeeasions when W0re excluded from the Legislative Assembly uuring the present week, "the rr", of conduct pursued by the official wwara, the occupants of tho reporters'. t,.«j- . 8nk a" to exoite ex. dissatisfaction. No eooncr was st .1 » ii II ..I . 111.11111 II ., - I I ' ' . jtts&ea; directed to the prerefioe of «tr»ng«Vs- tkea number ot tuber rushed upstairs in « body, and in an offensive maimer ordered the reporter to leave. In some instances no time was allowed for the gathering np ot notes and other manuscripts, end more then onoe reporters who did not comply with the order to begone with sufficient alaority to satisfy the Bergeant-at-arma and his men weft threatened with forcible ejection. It is only fair to state that the ushers who were so needlessly gnilty of this sort of conduct towards the representatives of the press explained that they had re ceived orders from the Bergeant-at-snns to aot with the indecent violence and precipita tion .which they displayed. The proceedings on one or two occasions wqre noticed by several members of Parliament, who may probably yet have something to say upon the subject in the House. The Minister of Lands has appointed a board, consisting of Messrs, G, Kernot, (who is to act. as chairman), Cope, and Tytberleigh, M.L.A.'s, Call, P.M., and A. Morrah, to inquire into the case of Samuel Fieldhonse, who suffered heavy pecuniary losses in consequence of considerable charges being made in the shape of duty and whar fage rates on a quantity of machinery whioh he imported from England in 1S70. It will be within tbo recollection of some that Mr. Fieldhoueo went to England and purchased a large quantity of valuable plant, with which he intended to Btart a paper mill. He ob tained from the Minister of Lands, before going home, the promise of a twenty-one years' lease of the land on which he proposed toestabliah his paper mill, but in his absence a new Government cauie into power, and duties on machinery were imposed. A sum of £600 had to be paid in duties and wharfage rates, and the new Minister of Lands refused, to allow the twenty-one years' lease prp. miBed by bis predecessor, bat offered him a seven years' lease. The failure to obtain the lease caused dissatisfaction to the banks from whom Mr. Fieldhonse had obtained an over, draft, and they refused to allow further credit, the consequence being that he became a laser to a serious extent. The land on which the paper mil! was to havo been erected is now occupied bv Mr. Itamedon, whose lease expires in June next. One of the questions for the committee to consider will be aa to whether the land should not revert into the occupancy of Mr.' Field- house, A meeting of the Emerald-hill National Reform League was held last night ; Mr. J. Fisher presiding. The principal business before the meeting was the consideration of the following motion, proposed by Mr. Evltt, seconded by Mr. M'Veigb, and sop ported by Mr. Nimmo, M.L. A : — "That, taking into oonsideration the manner in which Riohard Heales was betrayed by four teen of his own supporters, and the way in which the Liberal cause has so often been sold, tliis meeting regards as worthy of the severest reprobation the notion of the Ministerial supporters who united with the Opposition on the embassy question as a base attempt to defeat the Reform Bill, and thuSi break up a Liberal Government, and once more band over the country to the squatters and the Legislative Council." The motion was' unanimonsly agreed to. It woe also determined to make an effort to Becurq legis lation iu support of tho eight hours system. The committee of the Immigrants' Aid Sooiety have received a letter from the Treasurer's department, which states that the Chief Secretary regrets that he is obliged to decline to aooede to their request to in crease tbo grant-in-aid to the society for the current year from £5000 to £6000. The committeo have arrived at the conclusion that if the Treasurer adheres to his determi nation, it will be their duty to endeavor to carry on the institution at a profit for the future, in ordor to work off tho outstanding debt. This, tlioy think, can only be accom plished by turning out a number of the present inmates and refusing to afford relief to any fresh candidates, thus throwing a heavy burden of responsibility upon the police magistrates, to whom applicants will be obliged to appeal. One of the diamond drills ha9 been sent to the Lougblin mine, Kingston, near Cres- ' wiok, and as the preparations in connection with it havo been completed, the Mines de partment is in daily anticipation of intelli gence of Its having been got into operation. The diamond drill. at Castlcmaine is now working satisfactorily, the repairs having been effected, and no further stoppages are auticipatod. The Land Tax Appeal Court was occupied all day yesterday with tho hearing of the case of Samuel Shaw, who appeals agaiuet the assessment in the first cIsbs of his estate of 1931 acres sitnato in the county of Bogong. The decision was reserved. On Thursday Mr. R. Clark, M.L.A. (Sandhurst), received a petition for presen tation to Parliament in favor of the con struction of the proposed Swan-hill line of railway. The document arrived too late for presentation on Thursday, and will there fore be presented on Tuosday. It has been signed by 2720 paraonB, comprising 1080 selectors, 960 residents of Sandhurst, aDd 680 residents of Eaglehnwk. The meeting of the executive committee of the Intercolonial J uvenile Exhibition was held yesterday ; Mr. D. Beath in the chair. Letters wore read from the Secretary for Lands, and the secretary of the Educational department, asking for particulars as to the time the land would bo required, &c.;, and stating that the application for the land was favorably considered by tho Ministers of the departments. The secretary reported that 2350 debenture circnlars had been sent out, and that £500 worth of debentures had been \ applied for by the committeo. Arrange- '.meats were made for a systematic canvass by the committee. The first general official I circular was read, and generally approved -«of. It was agreed to have copies struck off, and that a special meeting be held on Wed- isday, 20th inst., to pass it finally, and also to consider the rules. A list of gentle men to. he asked to hold the positions of . patron, vice-patrons and vicoq) residents was.considered by the committee and passed, any additions to be made at the next meeting. Thettrial of David Henry, William Ireland, and Weilism Rogers Kissane, for embraoery of juroESr took place in the Central Criminal Court yesterday, before the Chief Justice ant) « (itrir ftunl trn f . intaMst seemed to >b taken in the proceedings, the court being crowded throughout the day. The right of .challenge was freely exercised, both on behalf of the Crown and tho defendants, Hhe presentment was an elabo rate one, constating of seventeen counts. It waa framed fay Mr. C. A. Smyth with ex treme care and>preciBion, in order to hit the varions oiroiimqunoes disclosed by the evi- deuce. It was' proved by the evidence for the Crown that jthe defendants Henry and Ireland had beyond doubt brought un lawful influence to bear on six jarors who were summoned to attend the Connty Court in .Septenther ., lost, at whioh the ease of Crawford y. Henry was heard. Kissane was proved to Rave had some com munication with one jnror, but the evidence against him was not so atppngly presumptive as that against the others, jutd the jury gave him the benefit of the donHf. But the Chief Justice in hiB charge was strongly against Henry and Ireland, and he clearly indicated his opinion that they had been gnilty of attempting to tamper witie the jurors in order to induce them to give a corrupt verdiot. Such crime, his Honor Baid, went to the root of the administration of justice, and all confidence in it wonld be destroyed if they were allowed tp go un punished. The case lasted all day. At eight o'clock in the evening, af£sr being locked up over an hour and a half, tlte jury returned into court with a verdict erf guilty against Henry and Ireland, and not gu5j ty as regarded Kissnne. Henry and Ireland were then remanded to gaol to await the sentence of the court, which will probably be passed this morning. Tbo Presbyterian Assembly sat again yes terday, and got through a great deal of busi ness. A deputation from tbe Wesleyaa conference paid the usnal fraternal visit, and ' were cordially welcomed. It was announced, by Mr. MacBain that Mr. Harper had ac. : cepted the position of principal of the Ladies' College. Several reports of snb. committees were received and adopted, the principal of these being that of the affiliated college committee. Subscriptions are coming in very well for this institution, there being now abont £6650 towards an amount of £10,000, which has to be collected before the oburch will be enabled to claim Mr. F. Ormond's conditional donation of £10,000. The assembly will meet again on Monday evening. The traffic returns of the Victorian Rail, ways for the week ending 7th November are as follow : — Total for the week, £30,S99 15s. 10d.; aggregate to date from 1st July, £422,484 Ss. 10d,; weekly average (nineteen weeks), £22; 236 0s. 6d. The returns for the corresponding week of 1877 were : — Total for week, £32,103 6s. 9d.; aggregate, £414,733 Ss. Sd.; weekly average, £21,S2S 6s. 9d. There are how 979 miles of rail open, aud the passengers for the week were 149,807; in 1877 there were 873 miles openj passengers 149,807. The returns' of .'the' .."i : -iu;'S'1T " Melbourne. «wl Bphsoa's : Bay. Railways for the asms. weak. ar« i— Total for week, £5187 Gs.. Sd. aggregate , to date from 1st July, £57,953 15s. 7 rage £3120 15s. Id.; number of passengers, 230,845. The returns for the corresponding week of 1877 were Total for week, £303 . 16s.; aggregate, £59,794 7a. 9d.; weekly average, £3195 Is, 9d.; number of passen gers, 206,396. The quarterly abstract showing the esti mated population of Victoria on the 30th September last was published in last night's Government Gazette. By the return it ap pears that tbo estimated number of males was 475,107 ; and of females, 30S.829, giving a total of £873,936. The increase in the number of males daring the quarter was 3761 ; of females, 3541 ; or a total of 6302 persons. HALS, corvette Sapphire left Geelong yesterday for Adelaide, passing through Fort Phillip Heads shortly after ten o'olook p.m. H.M.C.S. sloop Victoria left Coiio Bay at the same time as the Sapphire, and reached Hobson's Bay daring the afternoon. Two of the Orient line of steamers, the Chimborazo and the Cuzco, the one leaving for London and the other just arrived from there, met in Hobson's Bay yesterday, within a mile of the anchorage. Salutes were exchanged between the two vessels as they passed. The Chimborazo lifted her anchor at about three o'olock, and pro- ceeded on her voyage, taking a large cargo, including 29,000 sovereigns. Her passenger list, however, was not very large, there being only 130 in all classes, thirty of whom were in the Saloon. ' She also takes a large mail, a portion intended to be sent via Brin- disi, and the remainder to Plymouth direct. Captain Trench fully expects that the through passage, including stoppage at Ade- laide and Suez, will be done within forty- three days. The Cuzoo brings dates to the 30th September from London, and to the 25th ult. from the Cape of Good Hope. The passage has been a good one; notwith- standing the stoppages at St. Vincent and Table Bay. She brought 306 passengers in excellent health, and all speak highly of the ship, her commander and officers for their kind attention. Captain Steel, of the ship Sam Mendel, died very suddenly in Bourke-street west yesterday afternoon. Deceased was walking with Captain Straohan, of tbe ship Loch Lomond, ixflH when in the vicinity of Golds- brough's stores he. suddenly fell down in the street. Captain Straoban attempted to raise him, but it was evident that he was dying. He was at once conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, but before that institution had been reached he had expired. American commercial journals to band by the lost Californian moil steamer referred in n special manner to tbo development of trade since the Centennial between the United States and Australia. In 1S77 tbe value of domestic goods shipped from the States to Australia amounted to 5,780,000 dot, as against 29,561,000 do), for the eight years immediately precediug. Our im ports of cotton fabrics have inoreased in a most marked manner. In 1S75 and 1876 the value of these goods was only GOOOdol ; in 1877 it rose to 46,000 doL; and in 1S73 the proportional increase bids fair to be maintained. By tho Canada a large ship, ment of the celebrated Wamsnlt Mills Ame- rican cottons has come to hand ; the entire quantity has been taken up by Messrs. Buckley and Nnnn, the well.known mercers, at satisfactory prices. This latter is tho best guarantee that shipments will continue to oome forward. The tenth half-yearly general meeting of the Australasian Meroantile Mutual As sociation was held on Wednesday last. The directors in their report announced that the result of the company's business through Messrs. Ecroyd and Dnnby had been so suc cessful that they were now enabled to recom mend that a sum equal to 50 per cent, of the paid-up capital be returned to shareholders, it was also resolved to invite merchants and others to becomo subscribers to the associa tion, and that upon payment of an annual subscription of £5 they be entitled to obtain from the records of tbo association all in formation which -the manager may furnish, together with other advantages acoruing to shareholders. An extraordinary general meeting of the members of the National Mutual Life Asso ciation of Australasia was held at the Athenaeum yesterday evening, Mr. R. Twentyinan in the chair, for the pnrpose of receiving tbe report of the second investiga tion of the affairs of the association. The report was elaborate and exhaustive, the re- suits being stated to fully prove tbe soundness and stability of the office, and to warrant tbe expeotation of continually in creasing benefits to the members. On tbe motion of tbo chairman, seconded by Mr. R. G. Benson, the report was adopted. Subse quently tbe ninth annual meeting took plaoe, at which the direotors' report for the financial year terminating on the 30th .September last was submitted. It stated that during the year 1003 new policies had been issued, representing £245,565, Thirty-one deaths had occurred, involving claims to tho amount of £9775 4s, lid., the total funds at tlieoloso of the year amounting to £71,210 9s. lid. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The Attorney-General grantod letters patent yesterday to Mr. S. P. Lord, of Collins-Btrcet east, for certain improvements in harvesting machines, communioated to him by tbe inventor, Mr. D. M. Osborne, of Aubnrn, U.S.A. The application was op posed by Mr. Corbett, of Queen-street, Let. tcrs patent were also granted to Mr. H. 0. Spalding, of Bloomfield, U.S. A, for an im proved method of and apparatus for trans mitting power by electric currents ; to Mr. Win. I'oyd, of Sandridge, for an improved aerated water bottle ; to MeasrB. Jewell and Leslie, for an invention for sheet metal .cuds and other reSBels, to be called Jewell's self, opening can ; to Messrs. Robison Bros., of Flinders-street west, for an improvement in centrifugal pumps; and to Mr. A, D. Hunter, of Collins-street ehst, for improvements in compositions for treating matters having an ofieneive smell. Messrs. Clay and Noyea also applied for letters patent for Clay's medicated toothache snuff, but the ap> plication was opposed by Mr. J, W, Dod, of Bichmond, and refused. Two other applications were adjourned. Mr. Johnson appeared for the applicants in tbe lastnamed case. ' Mr. Cornett and Mr. Leslie appeared in person. Mr. Boyd, soli citor, appeared for Mr. William Boyd, and Mr. Waters appeared for Mr. Don, the ob- jeotor in the lastnamed case, and for the re maining fqur applicants. A grand collection of scientific works and books of referenoe was displayed for inspec tion at tho Pnblio Library yesterday. They consisted of treatises on shipbuilding, water works, iron-Works, geological survey, archi tecture, engineering, astronomy, patents and specifications, philosophical transactions, together with decorative plates illustrative of varions branches of' science. The collec tion seemed to attract considerAle attention during the day. It is not generally known that the resonrces of tbo Melbourne Pnblio Library are bo vast and varied, and these periodical displays will tend to fa miliarise the people of this country with the great taste and judgment whioh tbe trustees and president of the institution have ehown in stocking it with standard works on almost every brauoh of human knowledge. Richard Rowen, gardener in the employ of Mr. Kennedy, Salerno House, Tennyson- street, St. ICilda, reported to the detective police ou Thursday that, after midnight on- the 13th inst,, some one entered his master's house and took a clock out of the kitohen. Two shots were immediately afterwards fired,one in the hallof the house. Great alarm was occasioned to the members of the house . hold. Mr. Kennedy at first thought it was the gardener who was firing at something, and the gardener thought it was his master. The latter saw a man evidently well : dressed in the garden, but thinking it was Mr. Kennedy, ho retired to his bed, from which he had been aroused. In a fotv mi nutes Mr. Kennedy called'him up, and from the explanations which followed it became , apparent that the honse had been visited and ysntered by some stranger for the purpose of perpetrating a stnpid and dangerous practical joko. The clock was found smashed, evi dently by a charge of gun shot, and two botfles of preserved frnit, removed from the cellar, were left in. an adjacent paddook. It appears that when Mr. Kennedy's family retired to rest on the previous night neither the d,oors of the house nor the garden gates were&ocked.; A pnblio meeting was held last night in the Rechabite Hall, Fitzroy, to obtain the supporttof tbe residents of Fitzroy to the formation of fho Coffee Palace and Working Men's Clnb. Mr. Wood and other speakers explained tbo objects of the olub, and stated that upwards of 1000 shares had already been taken . up. Mr. Dann oooapied the chair. Alfred ABhley'was brought up at the City Police Court yesterday, and pleaded guilty to burglariously -entering the premises of Mr.- Stevenson, Delgrave-terraco, King- street, on the previous night. Ashley, it appeared, gained admission through the ; back-door of the premises ; bnt fie was under the tqfiuenee of liquor, and made m noii> which ' led to his immediate srest. The" Vplice produced js long list of conviotions egaini1" the sconced, who said that lie was drunk ,»nd did not know what he was doing. The bervohsent him to gaol for two years. A rati Wt peculiar accident occurred yester day to » young man named George Board- man, residing in Grattan-street, Carlton. .He was en gaged lifting a heavy weight, and when doing so he gave his body a sudden twist. Tins ' sudden motion caused the frao- ture of his .tight leg, and necessitated his removal to the Melbourne Hospital The bazaar in "id of the Magdalen Asylum ' was well attend «d last night, and the lady stallholders did si1 good business. The bazaar will open at noon to-day, and mil remain open till ten o'cloidr. when it will be finally closed. A promenade concert will be given at three o'clock, and a grand concert will also be given in the e vening. The Rev. cfiarles vClstk, who will arrive in Melbourne overland from Adelaide to night, will visit Gippdand next week for the purpose of giving hir popular leotnre on the Tower of London. ,On his return to town he will give a shotikserles of farewell leotnres in the Melbourne' Town Hall, the first of which has been fixitd for Saturday, 30th inst, St. Andrew's day. The ohief feature of the jtopular prome nade concert which will take', place in the Town Hall on Monday evening; will be the re-appearance of the Russian! pianiste, . Mdlle. Olga Duboin, Mrs. Smjthe, Misa Christian, Miss Nellie "VYadbam, Mr. R- L. Skinner And Mr S L&mble; will siyg during the evening. Mr. G. Weston will perform violin solos, and Mr. Charles Sykes .yill pre side at the organ. . The U.S. Minstrels will close their tone and sucoessful season at St. George's Hall this evening, when an entirely new pro gramme will be presented! On Monday ;bext Professor and Olora Baldwin, the expo tcrs of alleged spiritualistic frauds, will app-sar tor the first time in their interesting en tertainment. The Flying Buck, after a successful run,, was presented for the last time at the Prin cess's Theatre yesterday evening. To-night a sensational drama entitled Fleeced, or tho Vultures of the Wombat Ranges, will bo.j prodneed for the first time. At the Theatre Royal last night Little ' Em'ly waa again repeated, Mr. S. Emery's representation of Dan'l Peggotty being muoh admired. The drama will be presented again this evening. 'Mr. Creswick repeated his talanted im personation of Sir Giles Overreaoh at the Upera House last night. Th'is evening he will appear for tha first time in Melbourne as Ingomar. The optical illusion, Fatima, continues to attraot great attention atSt. George's Hall, where it is on exhibition throughout the day from early in the forenoon. The decep- tion is very cleverly managed, and is very difficult of detection. At the Athemeum Hall D'Arcy Read's Ghost still excites the wonderment and curiosity of numerous audiences, and ap pears likely to retain its popularity for some time to come. At thu popular concerts at the Protestant Hatl to night an attractive programme has lieen prepared. In consequence of the Town ilall being omerwlee enga-cil, there will be no performance by tbo City orpanlet this evening. . Ihere Is lo be a temperance mca'.Ini- in the Carlton flail, ihis ' evening ; Sir. J. Munro, il.L.A,, iu tbo chair. To day a line of omnibuses will run from Swan and Ohuroh atroets, Itickmoud, to SC. Hilda every halt- hour. Tile anniversary sermons of tho Wcsleyan Church, Blchmoud, will bo preached to-murroiv, by tho ltev. W. L. Bmks in the morning, and the Her. Francis Nealo lutboeveulaz. «. Tbe Hev. Thomas Jones will preach to-morrow morning In the Vlctoria-parade Congregational Church, in cuuuection with Us auulversary services, and the Rev. Dr. tillchrist In the eveniojr. Tne Rev. Thomas Jones, having recovored from ills late Indisposition, after a sojourn In tho country for three weeks, will preach in the Collins-street inde pendent Church to-morrow evening. Tho twenty-eighth auniversarv services of the West Melbourne lnaoiieuuent Sunday School will l>o cole- brated to-murrow. when the i..vs. D. Ucodoworuft, W. If. Lawienco an-i Ales. Ifardio will preach during tho day. Songs willbe sung by the scholars. sir. Burnett will held his first meeting on temper- ance at North Sandridge this evening at seveu o'clock, In the open uir, u-ar the Woslejan Cbuich. lie will then proceed to the Sandridge Town Mall, where ad dri-sses will he delivered by himself and other speakers on the question of social reform. A temperance meeting is to bo held In the Ilotham' Temperance liail this evening. The epeakers will be ltev. J. Chan ball and Mr. it. Hunweek, and selections of suitable music will be rendered by tho Ilotham tern- perauco choir. Mr. J. K Taylor will take the chair. At tha usual weekly meeting of tho managing com mitteo of the Alfred Hospital yesterday, the elate of tho houBO was reported to be aB follovvs : — Number of Inmates remaining on the Sth lust, 60 : admitted since, DO; discharged, 11; died, 0; remaining, 7d ; out-patients, 170; casualties, 63. Me. Alfred Silvester uiul Mdlle. Xsoml will appear at tho People's Concert in tho Fitzroy Town Hall thlB eveulug, iho former in ids feats of legerdemain and ca'oinot Illusions, and tho latter in her entertainment entitled liasksand Faces, Tbo Australian Boys and MiBd Lucy Collier will alsoappearln Irl.-h sketches and dancing. Tbe twenty-fifth anniversary services of the Wes leyaa babbath bchool. Emerald-bill, wilt bo com menced to-morrow. The Rev. E. 1. VV'nlkin 111 preach in the moruiug, end the ltev. Juveph llare, D.D., in the eveuiug. An address to parents and scholars will bo civeu iutlieolternodu at threo o'clock by tbo Eov. W. P. Wells. The show committeo of the Boroondars Horticul tural Society mot lust evening, to complete tlit-lr arrangements for the flower show. The oeoictery stated that iie ban received a large number of cDtries ' iu put plants and flowers especially, and should the neither prove lino tha display would be excellent. The show will bo opened at two o'clock this ofiomuou, by' Mr. Herbert lleniy, tbo president, at the Town llall, Hew. At the quarterly meeting of tho Bichmond United' Lodge, I.U.G.T., held at the temperance Ilall, jjtich- moiid, tbo fullowing oittcera wcro Installed i'.W.C.T.. Bro. J. il'Uoic'caii ; W.C.T., Bro. T. iluuti W.V.T., Bro. V.\ U. Svuiomis ; W. b.,bieter F. tvilson, (re-elected;; W.F.b., Hro. W. Baron, (ru- elccted; W.T., Bro. E. Head, iro-electwl); W.C., Slater K. Campbell; W.St., Bro. Kobtirt Maybury ; W.I.O., Bro. J. Bailey; W.L.H.S., sister A. Head; W.A.S., bluer L, Henry ; W. li.il., bister H. LnsComoc. Tbe esrlcs uf tqecliugs known as tbo Sunday School Week, which takes place every year under the aus pices of the Victorian Sunday School Union, will begin next week with a confereuco meeting at tho Young Men's Christian iAssociatlun Hall. Tne ltev. A. J, Campbell will open a discussion on llotv to Secure thorough Bible Touching la the Classes, and How to Test the Results. Tno coulerence Is open to all. . On the Saturday following ilia scholars' patjieiiiig at the Town Hsll will be held. Tho engagements to follow ate a eormon to teachers by the Hev. b. Chapman, on Sunday, 2ath; an evuning 'devoted to Model Lessons, aud a lenturo, illustrated by the Sclopttcon, ou Mon day, 25ih ; and the auuual soiree and public meeting, on Tuesday, 20th. The usual weekly moeflnj of tho committee of tho Immigrants' Aid bovicty was held yestcrdny ; Mr, Morgan m the chair. The etaie of the houso waa re ported aa follows Number remaining last week, 679 1 admitted since, 61; dpchargod, 41; died, I (from general debility, Thomas buusing, seventy- nine years, native of Kent, England) ; remaining, 921 nun, 146 women, aud 122 children ; iu all, 638. At tbe same time last year tbero were 282 men, 144 wumen, ana too cnuareu. ibere are 123 men, 20 women and 10 children sick ; 8 men stone- breaking; 14 bag making, 176 oakum picking, Ac.; and 6 working outsiuo; 12 women iu tbe laundry ; id eewlng ; 91 hulr-teasmz, Ac. Tbe nigbtly average of casuals during the week was 11 males and 6 females. Ouiduor reltet waa civou to 6 families, or 16 Indivi duals, on presenting tho relief cards el the society. Au Important gathering 111 connection with the independent Order of Good Templars took place at byauey last month, the occasion being the foundation of a Grand Lodgo for Australia. Delegatus wefe preaeut from bouth Auatralia, Tasmania, N'ew Zealand, How South Wales and Victoria. Queens- laud aud Western Australia wore to have been represented i but tbo elections iu the former and the distance oi tbo latter prevented the delegates ap pointed being present. The lodge was duly instituted by the Rev. E. F. Kingden, lite of South Australia, and tbo followlug hrgthroo were elected to fill the priuclpal offices ; — Key. E. O. Klngdon (Victoria), W. G. Templar; H. Beunetls (New Zealand), W.U.O,; W. Bradley (Xew South Wales), W.G.V.T.; H. O. Rudd (Victoria), W.Q.8.; F. Q. Dunn (Victoria), W.Q.T.; Rev. W. Poole (Victoria), P.W.G.T. A constitution tor the govern ment of tbe body was adopted, and other important business traneacted. It was resolved Chat the next session should be held at Dunedin, New Zealand, in January. 1881\. The formation of this ledge places all power 01 legislation pertaining to the order iu the hands of tho colonies, which will eave time and tend to unite the eevermt colonial jurisdictions more thoroughly. 