tialtf off ibt IBta. THB LITTLE DIGGSES. Ill DOXILD CiJcnbR Author of ' Sorlpopollt,'^. '}. - fCmtiuiei fnmSuppItmtll 6S.) '' Otke two yeanoave elapsedtinoe wo left Iba little dltrgere in the ohargo of Jaok th« flower. 7ast ohanget have taken place in landy Oreok. The aUuvlal oUms £ave all eea worked out, and populaUm hat departed 0 such ah extent that the ona populous field 1 almott deeetted. There isUWe initod to eeeen exoent the mounds n, the departed lggere, and the marla of their vanished oMnp. Those who remain teem to vegetato rkthertbanlivo. Many of the old Identities, ttnaj- ll)*f. lVUiAAin. Iff* fi*l*nTnlnk miffl TtfttAna the It inect' Arms, tot customers having do. parted, she fautaksn to Irtnk her vnl^fOt, ? and it (as fair way to toon find her way to tie Innatia asylum or the grave; ' Mr. Onball Is ellll on the creek, but it oontomplatlng going U Sydiey in order to start '» money -lendin ertabUtnmont, for the jtoid man ' in ver nalthjr. So it Mrs. M'Oiidge, and the L ttinldtig- of moving to Brdney or Melbourne, ?Aere she intends to open a aosrdlns;-nouM. a» has now plenty of time read the biUo tod other good books, and to vfloct upon the etd of all sinners, exoept hoi own. Bard as «f»r— many a hungry end reary man sho J*l turned away, refusing' t ist to all. Sad tiwu for the temnant of 1 e Sandy Oroek dkgen: tint tholr two s irokeenon bad ofeotually killed trust. The sun wts setting In tl i west, irradlat ink tb' 'or' lo * fiollen lory, when two httemen drew rein at tb front of the Mktert' Anas, to the allot ihment ol two or three loungers, and n. Oumbles, «hn vii a.1 that nimtit AAmlnriliia iiersoll , with an extra ai thener. The good lady was to flattered hat she upset one ball ol It. The atrivali were a noble looking pld gentleman with ] ilr white at the snow, and a smart-looking, 1 mdanme yonng fellow. They asked Mrs. umbles if she could accommodate them foi the night, and, ol bonne, the reply was % lad astent, lor she had not had an inmi i for a a age. While the gentlemen sat In I o boBt room now very faded and beer-si ined— two of the loungers got their, hones the stables, and Mrs. Ourobles and her rvant, a red haired daughter ol Erin, bi lied about lo get tomeibing ready for nner. Mri. M'Ondge wu astounded to solve a large order from her neighbour, anc legtn to won der whether busiuess would ot, after all, look ap. The arrival of be strangers toon was the' sole topic. V t some time 'Sandy Greek had rumours' thai lome specula tive persons were going lo I r the ranges for the qatrtzvelns which tad fed tie alluvial, ani everyone, set le travellers down at the advance gusrd o the armyol speculators who were to find he reef and restore the prosperity of the f loe. In oon sequence of this then was inoh joy and congratulation. After dinner, and when moon had risen and was silvering nttniV, the landlady was summoned to the beet rolu. lilt.. nllu.tl.. tl «_f M i\\--L.\\*-L. *a- Al. _ A ? wtra* uuiuwiosj) Hiuiunntiorai idbiwd gentlemen, alter that lady ltsf at his request taken a seat/ ' we have asket jou in becauae we want to make some Inqalles about some persona in wkom we are iAeretted. Yon knew Mr. Harry Bawson r' ' Indeed, I did sir,' replledMrs.Grambles, getting ont her Siandkerobisf: 'him as was klllsd by the faiing in of the ilalm. I never could forget bin ; snob a fire man, and so free with his money— when Id had any. If you're a friend bf his, don't jay anything on biaMcou-ttotbato1dratoa1»rabt». He'll be sure to aik you. He's tnMd miter, that's what he is.' A shadow rested upon thcold lenlleman't faee as tie beard the womfi speak, and he appeared to reptest a ttgh. ! ' We:know,' be eaid, ?aftjr a while, ' that Mr, Bawson was killed, butwhat we are here for ia to asoertain what fccatae of fait wits and ebQdren.' I 'Hit -wife, sir, poor erfcture, died tome lime Ulore he wu Hied, which wu a blestlig for her, poor dea/ soul. Bbe wat ? good jTomsn, though Matter H'Orudge — ' , ' yell, well,' said fasrjbtsriocutor sharply, 41 neier mind that. Vlat became ol the ?bllirenP';. . , He was stronfrly agtated now, and hi* breut heaved with emofon. '/The ohildren, air,'', said Mrs. Gambles, unn whom a light beotn to dawn, and hope of profit was promptug. ' O, sir, UwT*ro «U right. I've been fery kind to them, but ilrs. M'Grudffo and Gtibsll refused 'em trust over and over again. That Mother M'Grudgo— ' . 'IWhere arc they!' oriod tho old gontlo manjimpaUenUy. . , . ?? Hen, sir,' replied Mrs. Qumblos. -? My God 1' oried her quostionor, starting tVom-Us «eati;' Harry's children here— in. this house. Send for them at onoe — ' ' My dear sir,' eaid hiaoompanlon,' calm yourself.' , ' ? -i ; ' . 'I cannot— I oannot,1' [exclaimed the other. ' Quick, woman, quick, and send them to me— V . \ 'They ain't in this houfe,' said Mm. Qumbles, in acme «onf osion. '? ' They're at Jack the Blcnret's plabe; had he's -' Sho was interrupted by the euddon ap pearance of her red-balnd handmaiden, whose fliTaslly cazmlue iaoe was white us the Uly.. .?;..*. ' ? v ^?Bridget,' oried Mrs. Gambles, rising up, 'what's the matter P Has the till been robbed fr». ?. ? ?' ?'??-?? - -.? ?? No, ma'ejn,' replied Bridget, forgettine in* then thatli would have^been secetsary loridi tome rnAneytnthetUlboforeitooiild berebbed,'butJaoktl)eBlowor1ehere,*n* betooks like a ghost, and ories but about the Bhlldrsn^-' . -.-? ( ??--:_ .????.? ,????? ? ' 'Where is her 'cried the oU genUeman, wbo was in a sUto of1 feverish exoitement. 'Behatthechildton.' ? ? ??? ? 'tibrdi' eiolaiie* Mrs. Gambles, 'tow eonld iub. ?stup; fee's not left hU bed for three months.' \ ?-—.??-,?* .? ?' The ebUdren. ti e children.' wu uttered taitepulchrsl voice and Jsck tottered tojo the«oom, afaufnl- jject. jilt face was that ofaoorpee,httfom ? skeleton. -A wild ex citement wu evidsnt in faiifacsaod eyet. He Wl Into a «ha r, «nd r»Ued bb ayes about IHccti'mtoiae ? ? ? ' : ? i^Tbey baVstff ioum bosM to-nlgbt; there's eomslbbgwr of,,'' he«rled. I' Obi Mrs. OiimHes, get fit msn to ?rtMhfor tbem. Sidon't know whtre they're work ^?'uri&AmnS; ialdlisoUajiaUeman, tbjeioslMilri'rJasVi it l'Te enrnn for 'those toioubtbasJlrlgke' «vl w, (.«,-? '«TM'»**oiiielorU-Wi? ??eli ^aok, U wBa^ra%^ls^aWio«»»miiThpsjiirtw aiVlini*''''^0'- ??'?♦ '?'» !'?:??' iC' '?li^tbs Wbet of Barry Bswaon.' ; r«i'Ors*'^WW*iad Jsa,«t^Moyou-e TinMS'-t^ist*l-rl**ls)isTtt^ifHf *Jfist. ' wt wt*t W Tw do« wretjg-iai «etUiig ns,bnt I woold tmtoet^Mrii^fiiia bed 'I Uog *ot*ar joor tiory,' »*14 *. ?tar^ '«oc«wit£ti.-' ? yii isn't - Ion? onr. nir.' aald Jaclt, speakloit Tew feebly. ' When poor Uar wu Iriilea they wanted to send the eh dren to tbt Industrial Schools, among the wiokedest little onatures in tha oolony, an*, no ons ben offered to adopt thtm. WeU, sir, Harry'd been kind to me, and ao had bis wife, the angel, and though before then I wu only a luafer and * drunkard, I undo ap my mind to take care of the obit oren, mm to oeoome a new man. it was bard work, air, but with the help of God and the little ones— who would be wicked in the oorapaoy of that little stint. Jessie P —I succeeded. I'd never worked for yean before, but I took to it quite natural an' liked It. The ohildren helped wonderful. Harry got a job driving a wliim horse, tad Jessie, though she wu a tiny thing, was* a reffnbkr old wammn At hnnuilrMmljiir. 01 the wlnnlngjways and little arts of that girl. But, sir, ray resolution came too late. I'd destroyed my constitution, and givon a mortgage to d-Ath,ui' Uioo|j4i I ?trafgUdon for A long time, and fought against It, I'd at last toklie down and wall for a release, an' it happened when everything had gone to the Jmd, when there wis no work to get. We'd litre starved, sir, and I'd died like a ,ral in a .hole, for these good people on Sandy Onek wouldn't trust us with a loal ol bread, only for the pluok ol Ihtia little ones. They weut off to work an' washed the tutting*, Jessie cradling an' Harry getting the *tu0 [ and when tho Itillngt wouldn't j-»y they began digging here an' thne, when little bits ol good ground bad boon left, and no, sir, they kept us all, but It broke ray heart to think of it Lately they've been viry un lucky, but Harry eaid to-day that ha thought they'd try the banks of the oreek, vhore some waebdirt mlgbt be found, It's that that troubles me. Tbe bank might have fallm upon them.' 'Ood forbid I' cried Mr. Btwson, with terror in his t?nu. ' We will cearoh for them fellow. You and the nbtidreii will be well provided lor hereafter. Perhaps yon are curious to know how I eame to trsoe Hurry. Perhaps you don't know it, but Harry made a match, whlcb I thought, short sighted mu I was, to be beneath him, »nd a bitter feeling arose between us. Iwat'bard, he was Independent, aud be left England f wetrlngnever to eee mo again until ho was Independent. I have never bad a happy day since. He was my darling, my only tin'— here the old gentleman's voiee feltorud and bright drops stood in bit eyes— 'and God forgive mo my for hardness ol heart. At lut my yearning for my eon oould not be restrained and 1 advertised for him, without effaet. 1 then oomtuuuloated with lawyers in Sydney, and tbe firm with whloh this gentleman Is nonnooted '—be pointed lo his companion — ?' found out tbe particulars and aent me home the heavy news that my boy was '.dead. The intelligence urougbt me nearly to the brink ol tbe grave, and when 1 recovered I al onee set out for Uydney to search for tbe wile' and ehildron. t mean now to atone for my alu by miking them aa happy u I desired the father to be. Mm. Gambles,' the continued, addressing that worthy woman, 'at once get some man to go with us to search for the poor little lblntt«.' 44 All right, sir,' wts the reply, and Id a few minutes the nearob party, compoied ol every inhabitant, started with Mr. B*wson at the bead. Toe night was ose of ihoso lovely evenings so peculiar to Australia. The air was otiol and balmy, tbe perfume of the early flowers wu waited one vary gentle sigh al the wind, and tbe moon tbons inadeopblne sky, irradiating tbe world with a rich, mullow, silvery light, which cast a glamour over soenery that would have looked dull and uninterrstlng by day. Everyone knew tun spot whue the Little Diggers were at work that day. The banks of the creek bul been mined over and over again exoept in tbls place, which had always bosn thought too poor. Tho whole company came to a stand sllll, and a uamelesi horror tsttled cpon them wlitin they saw that, at a particular pltoe, the bunk hadjalleu (n .'' ' They are buried, cir,' said ona ol tho men to Mr. Bswson. He gave a wild cry, and would have fallen int for the lawyeVe help. Then, rousing himself, he cried : ' No, no, God it too just to allow it. No, no, it is not, it cannot be too late. Dig, men, dig, they are yet alive. /A thousand pounds to tbe man wbo brings then out allvol Hurry I Harry I' .' The digger* had never theuglit of bringing ?pades with them, therefore thfre was some delay before work wts began, j Mr. Btwson, In a state ol terrible excitement, ruiliud about tnd encouraged the men to extrt themselves with liberal proml»a of money. It wan a Hone that rivalled that whloh bad occurred lomo years ago. ' I knew it, I knew it,' oried Jaok. wbo luddenly appeared in tho midet of tbe irowd, looking a spectre j ' they're dead, they're dead.' He caught a sight of the unprepossessing 'oaturee of Mr. Graball and Mrs, M'Grudf e, ind his faoe lit up with a terrible fire. ' Tour'e here, an you,' be hissed. ' Of lourse it's right for you to see your work, Ton. oould have helped these poor creatures irhen I took il), you could nave got work 'or Harry, but you wouldn't, you devils. Tou've got money, have you, heapa of gold, rot it won't do yon any good] it will sink four souls to bell, to the bottom of the ' lottomlesipitl' ' Tbe Lord forgive tho poor tun,' said Mrs. M'Grudge, raising her eyes ui- to Heaven ; ' I always loved the bairns, tut I vat too poor to help them.' ' It's a lie, you old bag,' cried Jaok. 'He's mad, poor fellow,' said Mr. 3nbtll, 'mad m a batter. I'm son I lid my best for them.' 'res,' cried Jaok, 'you sold all their ather'e goods, you miserly wretob.' 'Hush I' 'They are hen I' » 'Alive, alivol' cried Mr. Bamtcn, ruah ng forward. ,- ? ' .The crowd drew baok respectfully, and ur. E»wson and Jack went to the front [Vhataslght they beheld. Embraced in euh -ther's arms Harry and Jessie Bawson layin be moonlight still indeatb, a sweet smile m thoir lovely featves, as if whon the Grout Conqueror oame, their angel mother had tppeartd before them ^Bettor thus, perhaps, tin to live on in thii oold, heartless world, o lie tainted with am, to experioaoe misery, abe soiled and torn in the groat struggle lor existence. They had gtme to rest before lie battle had begun. 'Dead! Dead!' cried Jaok, looking at hem at they lay tben like tiro deeping mgels. 'Gone before the old xosn. Bnt it* long— not long.' ,. ' '. NoVTndeed; nut long. Tbe exoUament Johbad borne bun np died out, and vrith t bis spirit altoleft the worn-oat body. Ood boinstoifa^Uml . ?' '. ; ' , ; .'?' ' ''?'. '? ':.' '?'. ?...? * i~'-. -?'-??? . The oemetaryatBandy OrteiUnow almost BntssoeaUe. WatUe and gwn-tnet bare grown np tqadlyand hlddsn the tew grans srbioh «sn -than. But there is «ne part wbi«t4sj»^ely rsdled ia with -Weni UhL»enfllosnresn Eve graves. At tbe bead of the oentrsl grave rites a splendid gnnlte Ddamn, the head brok»\o«-symbol of the unUmely death of those whose remains lie beneath. 0» the blook ol granite whioh supports tliia ujlumn ia tho fulbnring in» rip tion ; Sicotu *ro Til* Mbkobt Of llikmr Bmtsoi, Who wu killed by lbs failing in of a claim al Bandy Creak, on. Wotsmbtr Sib, 1806, Jisbis nursox, bb Wife, Who died on tba 0th January, 16C3, And their (ttlldrep., Iiiaai ahb Jxaaii, Who wers smothered by ? fall of earth on lh« 6lh of January, 16GH. Also, Josh PisuiuausK, Wbo adopted tbe children alter their parents' doath.'who died ol grlei at tbtlr lou on the same dale. ' The ways of God are InsoruUblc.' Tben la no Sandy Creek ?eltloment now. The trees flonrish vigotouly when one* a moltitude lived and toiled ; the kauo;uoo and wallabv hava made their Immo tben. Mrs. Qumblea drank hertell toditthaftw months after the oooutrenoe ol the above ?vents. Mr. Grabsll is a prominent Sydney merolianl, and is In great rsputu ; while Mrs. M'G/adgt lives in ntlnmeni'in a fashionable Mel bourne suburb, the principal l'nibyterian ohurah of which she la a pillar. Mr. B«w ton has long ainee departed to that world where lie will meet hia son and daughter and the Littlx Diouehs. 