[?] THE CONSTABLE ADRIFT. f To the Editors of the Pretest ant Standard: ) v Sirs, — Certainly Mrs,. Constable deserves our respect ; she has come; forward with womanly courage to defend her Church and dier sex ; but she ought to have ; been better versed in the subjects under discussion. She says, "Every Catholic woman is insulted by accusations utterly false." 1 presume she alludes to the confessional. The leading authorities of the Church of Rome must, then, be false in what they teach ;; for we find in one of their most approved theological works, Dens' Theology, . " as the best book on the subject that, could be published," several pages, of catechetical enquiries for the priest in the confessional, too filthy to. ,-be committed to paper. There are questions for married women and young women. about, to.be married, arid formularies for, women seduced by the priest in the confessional ; so that all can't be so pure in this little box as she imagines. . But she is married to a Protestant, and, although such union, according to Holy Church, is " always and every where unlawful and most iniquitous ," yet priests are not so impolitic as to exercise their catechetical enquiries too too closely in such a case. It is well known that, not; very, far from Sydney, young women, have declared that they never, would go to the confessional again, the . questions were so offen sive.,- The 'very modesty of- a woman, according to Dens, must be overruled or circumvented. Is not this an admission of something, offensive to delicacy of mind and purity of thought ? That manyRoman Catholic women are virtuous we : admit,, but their position is very critical-, when a priest can rea,d everything within them. Certainly - without-. actual crime , nothing -can create such degrading submission as this. Early training uiider religious influences has an astonishing effect over the , mind. An imperative duty- must be fulfilled, however bitter the struggle. may be. There is the fact that high authority has prescribed the questions, that-the confessional- exists, aud that those who have left the Church of. Borne, and those who remain in, have expressed their disgust . at the confes sional. I know parents, as in Paris,- prohibit their, children going there. . , ; As,for the question of confession; all Christians acknowledge and practise it. We! confess to i. our. Great : High Priest, Jesus Christ, who can absolve. us. We have in many Churches . a form of confession ; but1 what we aye here considering, is, secret-confession , compulsory, " undei danger of being cast off without mercy from the tribunal of the-Moly Ghost by the Plenipotentiary of God." This is; -not the free, full, confession of a contrite . heart to Christ the. Intercessor ; but the interrogation ofa ,m.ero man assuming a judicial power to absolve or riot at his will, under , threat that nothing must be withheld, even to the intercourse between man and wife. Next is . her protest against the. ancient decrees, of the Church for persecuting Protest ants. ; These ought to be "dead and buried ;" they could not be against Protestants, as there were none until after' the l&tli; century. \ But were there -110 Alliigenses Protestants in the, valleys of Switzerland before that .'date slaughtered and butchered, of whom the port Milton; : sang, and to whom old Cromwell reached out the hand of' fellowship 1. One million , of Protestants at .least perished there. The murderer,; the Duke: of . Alva, swept: away 36,000, the Spanish- Inquisition some 300,000 ; in Ireland, : in Paris, &c.; , there were tens of thousands. Theso were Protestants . who perished for their faith never to be forgotten. The name "Protestant," indeed, was not yet used ; but the people were persecuted fur the doctrines since called Protestant. But what of the .present day in .South America, .Canada, New York, Spain, Ireland, and in these colonies, of stones and rotten eggs? Surely these decrees are not. a- dead- letter in a Church ever and always the same. , The lecturer shelters herself .under the penal laws. These were, as Sir A. Therry admits, in liis-lettor to Mr. Blount, apolitical test founded upon .a religions dogma, .at a time when, the \- Throne . of England was endangered by a ' Pretender backed by Franco. They were an unfortunate leaf taken out of . the Popish decrees, and were? politically and religiously bad. As for the submission of Christ to His mother when young, that is not the question. . It is the worship of the Virgin Mary that the ex-priest could nowhere find, in the Scriptures. "We fly . to thy patronage, 0 Holy Mother of God, despise not our petitions in our necessities, but deliver us from all dangers." " O ever glorious and blessed Virgin, as there is no such blasphemy in the Word of God, no priest can find it there." Where her ladyship discovered that " the Church of Rome believes that all persons whose faith was sincere, and who belonged to a Christian body could be saved," is rather mar vellous. Not in Butler's Catechism, not in the oath of the priest in the decrees of the Council of Trent, no small authority — "This true and Catholic faith (the decrees of the Council) , out of which none can be saved . . .. . I promise and vow and swear. to retain, with God's assistance, ivholc and entire to my life'B end, and to pro cure, to the extent of my power, that all my subjects, or those who, by virtue of my office, may be under mv care, shall hold, teach, and preach the same. " This oath is on the authority of the Council of Trent. Probably Mrs. Constable never read the proceedings of that remarkable body, for she seems to be rather indifferentlv read up in Dens' Theology and other Romish authorities. Mrs. Constable will not venture upon the holy Eucharist. There was something so monstrous in that that she left the subject. Truly, as a writer observes, "it is a monstrous idea to make a God and then to eat it." While the Purgatory, one of the best paying concerns of the Church is rather too warm a subject for her. discussion. But can a laic dare discuss a Catholic dogma ? They are forbidden to exercise their brains upon such subjects. Theirs is a religion not of faith which is founded upon evidence, but a religion of credulity, wafers, Purgatory, absolution, worship of the Virgin Mary, are all dogmas requiring investigation. The Church decrees, so Mrs. Constable and all others submissively assent. We admit, her womanish zeal, but it is without knowledge. RICHARD SADLEIR. 