THE RAVAGES OF THE GREAT S : . PLAGUE.. The plague raged with a fury almost unexampled in'any age or nation. It had shown itself during the' previous wintcei in a fbw :individual 'cases, 'and as spring advanced;it terribly extetided.its devies: tations.. In May' it burst forth with frightful violence in St. Giles's, and, spreadiig 'over the adjoining: parishes, soon threatened both Whitehall and the city. The 'iobility fled to the country; the Court'retreated to:Salisbiry,,and left Monk to 'represent the Government. in his bownperson,iand he boldly maintained his ground i.through the whole deadly timne; As the hot weather advanced the minortalitj lbecanime'terrfic,i and tlie ljeoplo fled in croirvds into the Icounitry, till the Lord Mayor :refused to grant fresh bills of' hialth, anid the !pdeople of the neigh: boring.' towns and ?villagesi refused to receive anyone from London inlto ' them. Those who escaped out of the metropolis had to camp in:the fields> whichever way they turned;the inhabitants beingin arms to drive them' away. In June. the city authorities put ii force, an BAct 'of James I.' They divided 'the'city into;districts, and allotted to each a staff'of examiners, searchers; nurses,, and watchmen; As· soon as the:plague was ascertained to be in a house, they ,made a red cross upon the door 1 foot.n'ltngth, and wrote over, "Lord have.mercy upon us !": INo one was allowed to issue out' of the houses bearing that' fatal sign for a month, if they could": keep therin in.' Persons escaping but 'of these infected houses, and miglingwith o'thers, were liable to sutffer death as felons';'Bit.to remain in these houses was to perislh' of plague or famine, and numbers:broke wildly from them at all hazards,thus carrying the infection on all sides.' Many in their frenzy jumped nakeddfrom the windows, rushed wildly through the. streets, and plunged into the river. It.was calculated that 40,000 workpeople and servants were left destitute by the flight of their em ployers, and large subscriptions were made to prevent their starving, for they were not allowed to leave the city. The Kiniggave £1i00 a week, the city £600; the Queen'Dowager, the Archbishop of Csadterbury, and many nobleman, con tributed liberally.. But the aspect of the place was terrible. The dead-carts were going to anid fro continually to collect the bodies put out into the streets, an ndinced by the tinkling of a bell, and at nightbj' the glare of'links. The corpses were; cast into' pits, 'and covered up as fait'is jdssible. The' most populous and lately busy streets were grass- grown; the pesple who wvalked them kept along the 'middle, except they were meeting others, and then they got as far from each other as possible. Amid all this' horir, tlie 'sight of ghastly death, and the, ravings, .of delirium,, whilst some brive"~o?sil's deivoted themselves to the assiituncs' of the suffering ,and: .dying, crowds of others rushed t'o""taverns, theatres, and places of 'debauch~,'and a strainge \maniacaL . mirth .startled the silence othie':.night~, and added horror to the wn ?f death. The weekly snumbers w-h6o p d jrosle from 1000 to. 8000. i .umrsr of apparitions asid sr e e were afloat.. he .ghost's 'ae. @ree isaid to be seen Walking rousd?h.~tpts where theii bodies lay; .a flaming sword was: said,to, stretch across tielhea~ehe from Westminster. to above the Tower, ind men,raised by the awful excitement of.the scene into an abnormal st'ate,- wet albodut,. as 'was done at 'the dedstfution bof Jerus'alsei nuotncino g the judgments of G'od.--Caidsell's Hiisory of bag/sadl: :,. :i ....: . .;- i ·::i 