GENERAL NEWS. : Mr. T. Sheridan, mail-guard on the Mount Pleasant-road, has brought. to this office an immense carrot weighing 7 lbs. It was grown in Mr. Giddings'.. garden at Chain o£ Ponds. The carrot, which appears to he perfectly sound, may he" seen in our library. > The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Tuesday to the same hour on "Wednesday, is registered as follows:— •' „, Millicent ... 0*140 Port Elliot ... 0*080 Penola ... 0'420 Tanunda ... 0010 Tennant Creek - 0 400 Alice Springs... 0'520 Barrow Creek 0-950 Charlotte Waters 0-075 Kapunda ... 0-050 Kingston ... 0*100 It is probable-that the owners of horses who accepted for the S.A.J .C. Handicap Steeple chase will permit Sheet Anchor to start. Con sent was given on Wednesday morning by the owners of Warrior, Sydney, and Sarchedon, and it was believed that the others would agree to the admission of the grey, who is in excellent fettle, and as a Melbourne jockey is engaged to ride him, stands a good chance of pulling oft the event. Mr. J. Jones is a candidate fer the repre sentation of Noarlunga. : A meeting of-residents in Alclinga is. to be held in the local Council Chamber this even ing, to test the feeling of the neighborhood with reBpect to Nock's Act. A meeting of the electors of Noarlunga is to be held at the Horseshoe Inn this evening, to consider the subject of the representation of the district,in the House of Assembly, in the place of the Hon. J. Oolton. The permanent way of the Port Wake field and Kadina Railway will be completed about the 12th September, and it is suggested that the line should be opened by His Excellency Sir William Jervois. A trial of grubbing-machines took place on Tuesday, September 3, on the farm of Mr. Cummings, Kangaroo Flat, near Gawler. The contest was witnessed by upwards of 1,000 per sons, and the results were considered to he emi nently satisfactory. The contractors have now commenced operations at the main reservoir for the supply of Kapunda with water, and have about 50 men at work. The Kapunda Herald states that the contract time for completion of the work is 15 months from the date of signing the contract. "With reference to the notice which has appeared in the papers stating that gentlemen attending the ball at Government House to morrow are expected to appear ia full dres9| we understand some misapprehension exists. We suppose it was taken for granted that private civilians would appear in evening cos tume, but the intimation was intended to apply to persons having the right to wear military uniform, and to Civil servants who are not members of the legal profession. Barristers should wear Q,C-'s or other legal costume usually worn at dress evening parties by members of the bar It will be seen by the acceptances for the S.A. J.C. Spring Meeting that the name of Sheet Anchor does not appear as an acceptor for the Steeplechase. We are informed that this is owing to an oversight on the part of his owner, who forgot that Monday was the day of general entry and acceptance. There is some talk of the owners of the other horses agreeing to let Sheet Anchor in, bub it is not improbable that Mr. Stirling will be content to keep the grey for the Hunt Cup, as he would stand a good show of carrying off Mr. Barr Smith's gift, being reported to be in excellent condition. A fire broke out in Messrs. Stevens and Co.'s Cordial Manufactory, Currie- street, shortly after 6 o'clock on Tuesday evening, September 3\. Mr. J. Boase noticed the fire first, and gave information to the police. The latter by means of the telephone communicated witli Mr. A. J. Baker, Superintendent of Fire Brigades, who was almost, immediately afterwards on the ground. The ceiling of the top storey was destroyed, and goods in the lower storey were considerably damaged. No. 2 reel (Wedlock's) was first on the ground, and was followed soon afterwards by reels Nos. 3, 7, and 1. The fire was ex tinguished in about an hour. Rowing men will be glad to learn, states the Melbourne Argus, that through the gene rosity of Mr. W. J. Clarke a cup of the value of 100 guineas will shortly be placed in the hands of the Victorian Rowing Association, to take the place of the Footscray Cup, won out right by the Melbourne Club at the late Mel bourne Regatta. Mr. L. W. Bell, .through whom the prize is presented, has intimated to the Hon. Secretary of the Association that the only condition placed on the gift is that it is for the senior eight-oar race. Mr. S. Boehm, boot and shoemaker, met with an accident at Farrell's Flat on Saturday, August 31, while practising with the Hanson Cricketers. The Northern Argus states thaV he . was running after the ball, and the grass being j very slippery, he fell with great force on his right side. He got up, threw in the ball, and walked several yards; and then stooped down and began to vomit. The players went to assist him, but before they reached him he rolled on h»S side and 'was unconscious. He was attended by* Dr. NesDii from tlie'Burrs," and is now pro gressing favorably. A man named James Blanche, who was formerly a seaman belonging to the ketch Vivid, was accidentally drowned at Port Adelaide be tween 4 and 5 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, September 3. It appeared that the deceased was paid off from his vessel on Saturday last, but was allowed to remain on board for a few days. On this occasion ha visited the ketch, which was lying in the Stream, for the purpose of taking away his clothes. He had his be longings in a bag, and in stepping over the side of the vessel for the purpose of getting into a boat be slipped and fell into the river. He was seen to fall hy a man named George Stephenson, who was. passing at the time : iu a boat, "but he was unable to . reach the spot in time to render the poor fellow any assistance. Blanche struggled in the water for a few moments before he sank. Information was given to the Police, and Ser geant Sullivan and several of the Water Police were soon on the spot, and dragging was' kept up with two boats until .late in the eveningj but without 'success.1 The" dragging was resumed early this morning, and the body was.picked up. about 8 o'clock. It is now lying at the dead house to await an inquest. The deceased had been on board the Vivid for about two months, and Captain Russell gives him a good character for sobriety. The fourth of a series of lectures now being given by Dr. J. ■ D. Thomas on " Elementary Physiology," in connection with the Adelaide University, was delivered to a fair audience on Tuesday evening, September 3, in the Stow Lecture Hall. The subject dwelt on principally during the evening was the compo sition of the various parts of the body (the bricks and mortar, as the lecturer called them J. The various tissues and cells were classified and described in a very lucid manner, Dr. Thomas illustrating his remarks hy diagrams. In alluding to hones, he stated they were com posed of two-thirds animal and one-third mineral matter. " He had. procured two bones, from one of which he had extracted the mineral and from the other th? ghjinal In' the former. CaSe the bone,- though appearing in an-5 ordinary state, had lost all its toughness, and could be bent about at will. lathe latter the ; bone was very light and brittle, and had entirely lost its hard qualities. When on the subject of muscles, He showed that they were susceptible to the will by contraction, and illustrated their action by galvanism with a deoapitated frog. The lecture; which was thoroughly appreciated, closed earlier than usual, so as to.allow those of the audience who had the inclination to ob serve through a miscroscope which Dr. Thomas had brought for the occasion, the various tissues, &c.;, which had been discussed. The next lec ture will describe the circulation of the blood. A meeting for the purpose of supporting the Government in constructing a railway into the Fj1l« by the cheapest and best route is to be held at Nairne this evening. . Persons desirous of supporting or oppos ing the Government proposal for taxation, are invited to attend a meeting at the Alma Council Chamber this evening. - Rainford's Ghost Company met with a yery discouraging reception on Tuesday evening, at White's Rooms, there -being only- about 100 persons, present. The programme was there fire slightly curtailed. 