A GHOST OR MADMAN.—Last Sun- day night week two men were returning home from Kerang to theiir residence near. Barr Creek, but before reaching this creek they unfortunately lost them selves. A dispute then occurred in the middle of a plain as to whitli was the proper direction; being ten o'clock at night, and pitch dark, mutual recrimi nations took place, which resulted in one going east and the otherwest. The east maun was right, and. gained his camping ground shortly after,' when a consultation was held with his friends, who were in bed, as to what they should do for the erring mate. It was then determined to light a fire, and hie who had just returned found a large dry bush, which was soon blazing, but while he was feeding the fire he felt a strange presentiment that someone was near, and as. the blaze threw a glare around the bush, a white object like a small man was seen coming towards the fire. Our friend got nervous, but thinking :it was one of his mates who had got up out of bed, called out his name, and said he knew him. His. mate hearing Ihis name mentioned, called out that they were both'in bed, which rather made our friend's flesh creep. By this time the apparent ghost had got entire pos session of the fire, which he began to grab at with his large bony looking hands, opening his fingers as though he would take out handfuls of the fire. It was noticed then that his eyeballs pro truded and glared like a madman. Our friend having told his twvo mates that a madman was at the fire, the three mus tered courage to go down to see him. He was dressed in dirty white trousers, with a dirty white. shirt, apparentiy over his trousers. le was asked where lie came from ? where did lie live I what did he want I was he hungry ? and several other questions, to all of which he grunted an unintelligible reply like "umph." During this interview the lost one, having seen the fire, now joined the other three, and the madman was told if he did not want anything to clear away, as he could not be allowed to stay there. He made no reply, but moved towards a swamp from whence he came, and has not since been heard of. INFECTIOUS DISEASES..-\e regret to say that both diphtheria and scarlet fever are in our midst. On last Satur day another child of MJr ['Leod's, on Trsgowel Plains, died from diphtheria; this makes the third out of that famsily; and .in the to'nship of Kerang one family that we know. of has two children bad with scarlet fever, and unfortunately there is no doctor nearer than Swan Hill. Can some steps not be taken to secure the services of a doctor ? SEruous AccIDE\T.-Last Saturday a daughter of Mr Thorne, a settler at the Pyramid, who is at present staying with Mr Lake in Kerang, was visited on horseback by her two sisters Before their departure in the afternoon, one of thd visitors asked her to have a ride before they left for home, and accord ingly Miss Clara got on one of the horses, but before she .was seated the brute, wnich has an extremely hard niduth, bolted, and in swerving round Avard's blacksniith's shop, near where Miss Thorne is staying, she fell heavily to the ground on her head, hurting her head internally, as a large quantity of blood flowed from the ear. She was insensible, and is partially delirious. There being no doctor in Kerang, Mr Rastrick, the chemist, was sent for, and having given every care .and attention, administered some soothing smedicine. She fell into a quiet sleep, from which she awoke somewhat better, but delirious occasionally. . It is a serious drawback not having a doctor in Kerang, and Mr Rastrick is placed sometimes in rather an unpleasant position. .Although heis willing to prescribe remedies at all times, yet should aisything serious occur, rela tives would not be indisposed to blame themselves and others for "the absence of. a doctor. THn final returns for the North Western Province election give ~Mr Robertson 2,18i 5 votes, and Mr Tucker *2T7 AUSTRALIANAL?ANCE Assu Cos.A e Av long period of ?very anc cessful management of the aff?irs of this company havinig resulted in the accumu lation 'of a' reserve fund of £100,000,' the directors, we believe, have decided to adopt the mutual principle, com mencing! from the 18th September this 1 year, by which, `after deducting 8 per cent. on the capital for the original shareholders, the balance of the profit made during the year will be divided between, the shareholders. and the in sured in the Fire, Marine, and Guarantee branch, andpaid them in cash at the end of the year. In the case of the, life branch, 75. per cent. of the profits goes to the liolicy holders, and 25 per cent. to the shareholders, in accordance with the'dced of settlement. We under stand that the profits during the past yeir are equal to .30 per cent. on the paid up capital. IKERANG Foo00TrBLr CLUB.-A general meeting of the above club was held at the Commercial Hotel, on Friday even ing last, for the purpose of winding up the affairs of the past season. ' The sec retary laid before the meeting his report and balance'sheet, which declared very favorable results'for the past season. A number. of scratch matches had been I played,also two matches with theCohuna Club bothof whichresultedina draw,and one match with 'cbmbined survey camp when the club kicked two goals to their nil The 'club recognise a formidable rival in the Cohmuis Club,over which they have not yet succeeded in gaining a vic tory. Financially the club is in a flourishing condition, and will no doubt next season increase the number of mem bers, and we hope will see its way clear to visit Swan Hill, Durham; Ox, and other places. After a vote of thanks having been passed to the retiring offi cers for their zeal in the advancement of the club the meeting closed. PLuuo.- We' have been informed that on the reserve--the' Boort side of the Loddon bridge, may be seen a small" mob of cattle in the various stages of this dread malady, from slightly affected to within the last grasp. Doi'ers having occasion to pass this bridge with cattle 1 should hurry past with all possible speed.. FREE SELECTOR.-A notice appears in another column having reference to 'this sire.: STENDERns.-A' quantity of earth is re quired to be 'removed. at' Swan Hill. I Particulars in another colunm. TEP.RICK JocKeY CLUB.--A general meeting of the above club was held last Saturday evening, nine inembers of consm mittee were elected; and a number of subscriptions were handed in. Further I particulars will appear in our next. TENDErs.-The Fast Loddon Coun cil are calling for tenders;the particulars of the works will be found in an?dther column. 3 SHIrr? SEVERCANE. - It will. be e noticed that a meeting of ratepayers is t advertised to be held at Kemp,'s Dur \- hamn Ox Hotel, on Tuesday at two r o'clock p.m., for thejabovcobject. - SMusicAL.---A number of young men at Durham Ox having a taste for music, have resolved to form a brass band. An application ' to Mr Saville,' of Pyramid Hill, to become their tutor has been miade, that gentleman: haying consented The inhabitants of Durham Ox will soon be enlivened with the strains of martial music.aMr Saville is at present teaching some of the Pyramid Hilli youths how to "blow." NO doubt a friendly rivalry will exist between the two bands, which will stimulate them to exceed. HoRsE SALE.-It will be noticed that in addition to the usual sale of cattle, sheep, ke., Messrs Powers, 'Rutherford r& Co. intend disposing of a fine lot of t horses at their sale on the 18th-inst. STATE ScnooL-In all probability a State school will soon be erected near I Lake Charm. The nearest school isi at Kerang, and there are some 70 clhil dren in the locality of Lake Charm who require instruction. An inspector was sent that way a few days ago, but parents should not rest until the build ing of a schoolhouse is commenced. HrOTEL AND STORE.-.Mr. Thomas Watson advertises in another' page"his place of business, and we understandI that he has very excellent accommoda. tion for travellers.' DISSOLUTION.-The firm of Messrs A Campbell & Co., cordial manufacturers, has dissolved partnership. We are glad, however, that we are not to be deprived of gingerbeer or lemonade on that account. Mr Alex. Bowman, one of the late firm, now "goes alone," and besides carrying on the business, will take all moneys and pay all debts due to or owed by the late firm of Campbell and Co., Kerang. RIVERINA ART UNION.-Tlse drawing for this took place on the 1st inst. We have several copies bf the winning nunmbers, which subscribers can have by callingsat the. office. SNEAKs' FooD.-- It is sometimes won deredwhat :snakes live on, but on Friday last at Ka-raroo Like a iabbit and her two young .cries were discovered jist dying at theo entrance to the burrow' and a snake of thie disunond species was a few inches; from them. A boy dis 'covered them, and dispatched the snake, which in all probability had prepared its inorning arseal. . LoCAT L ?ai Bo.\sna.-Ths Board wve undcrstand dill sit on Wednesday, the 23rd instant, .and the list will be pub lished next. w ak. DISCHARGED. --At the Inglewood Police Coiut' on Tuesday, Charles Wil son was eharged with assaultinig George Davis, with intent to do grevious bodily harm, and after hearing what; Constable 1 Davidson, who came from Kangaroo Flat, had to say, the bench considered there was no evidence to connect Wilson with the charge, and he was discharged." . TII .WEATHIER.-The hot weather of the past week or two has given place to cold and boisterous. On 1 Wednesday ..morning..the barometer indicated a change; that afternoon rain begar to descend, and continued to fall with slight, intermission until night, :the wind' at the same time blowing with great force. From what we can learn, the rain has been general throughout the entire district. Yes terday was very squally, the wind sometimes blowing with hurricane force, accompanied with hail. Though the amount of rain fallen has not been great, 0-41, or less than half an inch, it will prove of immense advantage to the crops. 'i'RAvELLnc'o SToci.-A mob of fat cattle, from Nawby Station, the, .pro perty of Mr Wllaher, passed through Kerang yesterday. T'hey were-: in charge of Mr Wall, senr. Another mob is close behind, in charge of Mr Wall, junr. SHIRE SuBSIDIES.-MI r Berry pro mised a deputation which waited on him yesterday in reference to the con tinuance of subsidies to. local bodies that it should be continued for six months. Next session the Government propose to bring in a bill dealing with the whole subject. After the inter view with the Chief Secretary, the delegates met and agreed to appeal to Parliament; through their members, to extend the time fobr five years. A kind of blight, something like that which attacks cabbages and- rose-bushes,' has made its appearance in the crops at Natte Yallock. A stalk of \vheat shown to us (Avoca Mail) was found to be Scovered with the insect, which, on exa amination: under a microscope, presents the 'appearance of a small beetle. The effect of. the visitation is to turn the' stalk yellow ad ino doubt to kill it ini time. We- understand that the.aid. of Mr M'Ivor will be sought. with aview of eradicating the pest. . 