CYPRIOT WOMEN. [Pall Mall Gazette.] The Turks when describing a Greek girl say that she is needed up with tricks. They ought to know, for in the palmy days of the harems those institutions contained many a young lady from the Aegean Isles, bought by agreement with their kinsfolk and doubtless so late as two years ago the Turkish girl merchant paid his yearly visits to Cyprus. His ostensible purpose was to recruit dancing girls, for the word slavery was not to be so much as mentioned among the Greeks ; but it was pretty well understood that when a young Cypriot woman accepted an offer to go and dance at Constantinople or Bagdad her relatives saw no more of her unless she turned up in after years as a large widow with a great deal of superfluous jewellery about her. Vassilopoulous, the innkeeper, used to say that this was some years ago) that the pashas, and even his Majesty the Sultan had a particular liking for the Cypriot maidens, owing to their merry eyes and their incomparable grace in dancing and that if it had not been for the vigilance of the Cyprian young men and the patriotic disinterestedness of Cyprian mothers the whole female population of the island Sacred to Aphrodite would have found its way into Turkish seraglios. This statement contained possibly but a grain of truth for Cyprian mothering the peasant class, when overburdened with families, did not think twice about accepting a merchant's offer of a CASH payment in exchange for one of their daughters. The trans- action was not, indeed, regarded as honourable : it was not talked about, and some mystery had to be observed in conveying the girl away ; but the merchant scarcely selected more than a score or two of the population every year, and it was known that the chosen few were going to a life of brilliant possibilities which might result in their wielding considerable power in the State and sending home frequent remittances to their relations. For the rest, the female population in Cyprus, as in the other Greek islands, much exceeded that of the males and when the innkeeper's two sons Dimitri and Pericles went a-courting they must have found the marriage market rather overstocked. The Cyprian damsel is a curious compound of fascinations and oddities. Seen at her best, on one of those innumerable saints' days when she does no work beyond tricking herself out in fine clothes and assist- ing her mother to dispense hospitality, she looks like a masquerade heroine, whatever be her station. She weaves up her hair with gold coins, twists it, places it, and contrives, with a red and yellow kerchief, a head-dress which looks like a turban, but is made top-heavy by being surmounted with an embroidered muffin cap and tassel. She wears baggy breeches, sky-blue or pink, which descend to the knee, the rest of the legs and feet being bare, except when to honour company she reluctantly dons a pair of babouches, in which she feels uncomfortable. She is generally fat, and wears a short jacket profusely braided, which does not reach to her waist ; she ranges and whitens ber creamy complexion till it looks like the face of a wax image ; she paints her eyebrows deep black, and by same cunning pencil- touches at the corners of her eyes, contrives to make them look twice their proper size. Then she feels happy, and giggles when complimented. She cannot read or write, but she can sing, play on a triangular guitar, and spin round in a fantastic dance which takes her breath away, and makes her cry " Hoo !" while the stranger who watches her turns giddy from sympathy. Nor is she without religion for during the long Lenten fast and on Fridays throughout the year she lives on broad and olives, considering it a deadly sin to eat " anything that has breathed fish included. She sees less sin in tell- ing ribs and in discussing scandal. It takes some time to familiarise herself with a Cyprian girl for something of the Mussulman practice of seeding woman prevails among the Greeks, and a bevy of maidens will scurry off like frightened poultry if a man approaches them to talk ; but once this shyness has worn off, the chief conversational topic of the bashful maiden will relate to her neighbours' shortcomings. She will tell you with smothered laughter things which she has learned in the most surreptitious manner and her dark eyes will sparkle with the fun of mischief-making. The countless feast-days in the Greek calendar afford an excuse for constant laziness, mixed with social festivity and there is no hovel so poor but manages somehow on these occasions to put forth fruit jellies, raw spirits, and coffee to entertain the > stranger. Travelling about the island with Vnssilo poulos, one was reminded once or twice a week that a a day had come when no work was to be done and in fact, the fields are as deserted on these days as Scotch ones on a Sunday. In the morning the people troop to church, where the papers (priests) officiate in gorgeous vestments within churches mostly in ruins, but full of votive images in painted marble or in carved wood, dressed out like dolls. In the afternoon romping, gambling, athletic feats, and often shrieking quarrels, ending by fights with knives, serve to while away the time until night comes on, when there is a great deal of dancing, ยก singing, and carousing inside barns. All this is gay enough, but soon palls upon the stranger, who finds the people more attractive on working days, when they have no frippery or gewgaws about them. The women are excellent housewives, and their daughters learn early to swab. and I scrub till they make the stone doorsteps of their cottages shine like alabaster. It might be wished that they were equally active in warring against the parasites which Unger in the woodwork of their dwellings ; but they seem to treat these creatures as honoured guests, and never disturb them. On working days the Cyprian girl dresses loosely in cotton breeches and chemise, and lots her hair fall down her back, tying it just below the neck with a string of beads. She is surprisingly active, despite her plumpness, and races about after goats, pigs, and fowls, with a fleetness which would do credit to a boy. If of marriageable ago she will not bog, but at sight of a stranger halles to her younger sisters to come forth and claim backsheesh the which having been duly obtained (for those little Greek girls are wonderful coaxes), sho levies her share, which is expended in buying finery of the pedlars, The dream of the Greek girl is to be as sumptuous as those Mussulman ladies whom she occasionally sees driving about the island in carts drawn by oxen, and whom she envies with all her heart without being able to see their faces, in all the Greek isles the st travel, or veiling, of the Mussulman ladies is very close and their pride is also immense, for being in a minority, they hold altogether aloof from the Christian women. The wives of second-rate Turkish officials not rich enough to afford ox-carts walk out Ultimate IlUli near uuuujju w Nauru UA-^U..0 ...... 5... to the bazaars attended by servants, and whenever they meet a man turn their faces, though veiled, right away from him. In lonely streets or country roads they stand still and turn their backs until he has passed. The Greek women, while laughing at these customs, secretly admire them, as enhancing the majesty of their sox and one of the first purchases made by a Cyprian maiden when she has saved pocket money is a veil, in which she tries to drape herself, not over-suoccsafully, like the Mussul- man dances. This article, however, she only does indoors for in the open air it would excite the ire of the (creek boys, besides hiding that beauteous arrangement of raging, blackening, and whitening above-mentioned. Dimitri and Pericles used to assert that a girl's face was no more for concealment than the moon's, and the maidens of the place would no doubt have agreed with him, feeling proud at the comparison. _^________^__ Oitiois of A FAVIIMAR PitovEiiii.-Tho proverb, Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones," dates back to the Union of England and Scotland, at which time London was inundated with Scotchmen. This did not please the Duke of Buckingham, who organised a movement against them, and parties were formed who went about nightly to break their windows. In retaliation, a party of Scotchmen smashed the windows of the Duke's mansion, which stood in St. Martin's Fields, and had so many windows that it went by the name of the Glass House. The Duke appealed to the King, who replied, "Steonio, Steenie, those who live in glass houses should be careful how they ding stanes." Chambers' Journal. POLICEMAN-" Now, then, move on. There's nothing the matter here." Sarcastic Boy-" Of course there isn't. If there was, you wouldn't be here." A creamy negro mistook a mile for a ghost, and poked it with a stick. The verdict recited that he came to his death by using too short a stick in probing the unknowable for evidence of a future existence, 