;The Douglas Ministry are still resolved ' to treat Mackay ioterests with contempt. ITot only were they against Mr. Beor's Tnotion for £3000 for the metalling of the Nebo Bead, but they havexendered ? 'themselves obnoxious to every Northern district, from the I^tzroy to the Endea vour Bivers. The imperfection's of the 'present Government are so many, that . it is simply a waste of time to notice them, The principles of all respectable government are beinggraduallyabolished in Queensland, and the public have \- nearly lost all hope of political reforma ' tion. In a word, the Douglas Ministry has lost the confidence of the ooantry, and it does not take much to (predict I that it will not be able to face a new !' parliament in January next. l_ Every j week furnishes fresh information re ?~ epecting the inabilitiesand. malaiksinis ? tion of the Premier-and his Ministers. ' This session is agout to pass over with 4 nothing bavingr been done for Maekny. I If Mackayw&s; a township of two! hotels, i a stojej-Sna a blacksmith's sbopjon the .iyoadside, in- East or 'West Moreton, our \ -wantB would be very soon supplied. If j the habitue* of the Ministerial benches I were to visit the Pioneer in the ' Kate,' land get bar-bound for a week, wejmight 'then get the River improved. , Several' :»cientific observations lately taken have ? [proved the bar to be a foot dry at low water. Then the Government havebeen in sincere in granting us the usual moieties, as established by act of Parliament, for our new School of Arts and ;A1 P.-M. Association. But if the Douglas. MiniB try are fit to expend money without 'Parliamentary sanction, keen in office by the casting vote of a chairman of Committees, and kidnap (we believe that ? }h the word) European immigrants into Brisbane against. an imperative Act of Parliament, we are not astonished in the least. The love of country does not prevail in tfae-breasts of snch statesmen. Mr. 'Walsh did good service to I the North by directing the attention ofi the House to such maladministration. (The comeienee of a Douglas blocks the work ing of a legislative Act. Conscience ? fenooth ! Waen we consider the ' eon ?eientious scruples' of Mr. Douglas, we . are apt to exclaim with Bailio N,icol Jairie— 'Ma Conscience!' Thestatos tpan that resolved to punish a district and connive at the destruction of] its chief industry, has no bona fiie don ?cience; and when M*. Douglas excusod himielf during the late debate upon Uorthern immigration, .where was his conscience? It certainly was not) in the House. Like Mahomet's coffia| it ' vanished in cloudland between heaven and earth. Nine immigrant ships ar rived to Brisbane last year as against three ships in the North— viz., the 'Scottish Bard' at Townsvillo, tJio '?Kapunda' af Bockbamptop.'and; the ' Glamis ' at Maryboroateh.''^feer/d. fdg of three ships to Northern ^jwiU was admitted by Mr. Walsh, but-to Maryborough is not in the North, we only admit of two vessels having ' arrived in the North. As far as Mackay ialeoneerned, domestics and ocricnlturol labourer* are very scarce. They cannot be bad even from Eockhampton. _ This district can settle any amount of irami : grants poisesaed of a little capital to ^row sugar, graze cattle, or work our ?ceil arid copper resource!. Wo can ?confidently speak of our own district'? anil not having been at the Palmer or -Cook-town lately, we will allow more ^.Jiortbern papers to speak for them ^Mrei V&* lart disclosure of maj-i. ?'- ?dinfnistfa.tiorj was .a direct vlolatidn of '*i«I» Iteration Act of 1872.: 'rpen -*4^ipclJ'iSptti»entena? The public '''.??.?:'?'%?' '^y -??' ?'?? ?;:?'-?. ? '?;,' are nniioji'c! to know. If every, elector tbrouchoot Queensland resolves to do hisvdn£y.at the poll in 'November and December next, the tyrannical policy of 'the Liberal or Queen Street' party will vanish ,like a ghost at cockcrow. The government of the future is now in the hands of the people. The future policy of the colony has been left to them for their earnest and serious consideratiop. We hope the people will speak out in an open, honest, and determined manner as to what political principles ehall guide the colony. in.. the patbB of_ peace, pro-, gress,. and prosperity. One mistake must not .be': made. The : electors of Mackayl like good and true Britishers, must return, a member who, like Casar's wife, is above reproach, suspicion, or corruption, and pledged to turn out the Douglas Ministry from wielding a power that ventures to destroy the industry and importance of Mackay.' It is. related, of Sir Uobert Walpole, when ill in bed, that he heard the ringing of the city bells, upon the triumph of some popular policy of the period to which he waB opposed : ' They are 'ringing the bells now,' said Walpole, 'but they, will soon be wringing their bands. It was. not long before the nation did: 'wring their hands' and. tbeirftearta too. At the .top -of 'Queen Street the Jjiberal-ichimeB please the people ot the ?creat metropolis r but we say, with the Sreat Walpole/7-Oh ! ye selfish Liberals, ring jour bells now, and ring them well. \Everyone who has got a fiddle has a ris-httocall his own tune. King your bells now, Oh ! ye politicians of Queen Street. Make them sound merrily at. the jsuccesB of your past policy. Bnt take care, that the sound doeB not strike a rising knell and create a wringing of hands. A day of settlement is at hand when other bellringers shall play the bells, and bring forth the applause of a delighted country. ' ? Poimcii affairs in Europe are as warlike as ever. ' The insurgents in Bosnia and Herzegovina are being secretly assisted' against the Austrian occupation by Serria and Turkey. The Eastern Questions thickens in plot and character, and he would be a wise man indeed that could foretell the end of it. Of course, no matter how internal fights occur between Sclav insurgents and Osmanli, the balance of power and British interests muBt be observed. We are afraid that the' Berlin peace is only an armed peace that leadeth to war' Complications are arising every hour. Austria, England, France, Italy, and BuBsia are all deeply interested. Eng iana wouia accept tne oner oi Jigypc only for France, Italy wantB Trieste, which Austria refuses.' EusBia wants Slamboul, which Europe' objects to, and Turkey wants to retain what territory she originally bad. Lord Beaconsfield, alive to the Bigns of the times and the treacherous' designs of Russia, i'b acquir ing stations of watchfulness so as to be ready to protect the interests of England and the integrity of Turkey, Becured by the Treaty of Berlin. Sbcotra and Cyprus have been garrisoned and strengthened, and the latest rumour is, that Turkey has. '-ceded Lemnos, now called Stalimafr— an island lying to the west, and almost at the mouth of the Dardanelles, and only a few hours' sail from Gallipoli. The fact of Eussia having advanced an army towards the gates of India has induced the British Premier to take this step. Lemnos can be of no use to England unless for the purpose of checkmaking the Czar and defending Turkey from Eussian aggres sion. It iB'well placed by nature for such a purpose, being at the northern head of the jEgean Sea. It is irregular in shape, and nearly divided into two islands, with two deep harbours for me'n^of-'Wftr— Port Paradise in the north, and Port St, Antony in the south. Its area is 150 aquare miles, and its popula tion 12,000. ' It . is., ot .volcanic origin, and only slightly, timbered. Lemnos, it is said, was the home of Vulcan after Jupiter-banished .him from heaven, and he became the first blacksmith in Europe. The Britiih Government, no doubt. regard it' Jai. a ijonvenient spot in the Archipelago, to ? watch the Russian columns defiling over tho Balkans and the Danube. Kastron ' is the capital, with a population of 200. Lemnos is celebrated for two things — its excellent sailors, and its beautiful women with syrenic voices and captivating disposi tions. The occupation of Lemnos by the British will be a station to overawe BuBsia in Europe, and Cyprus a point to overawe. BusBia in Asia-Minor. It has been stated by Prince G-ortsebakoff that, had he; known of tho existence of the Anglo-Turkisb Treaty, he would not have made so many concessions to Europe, and General Igoatioff — the destroyer of Treaties— would 'not agree to go to the Berlin Congress if the San Stepbano Troaty waa to be reconsidered by tho European plenipotentiaries. The complication of matters does not rest here. , No sooner do the Berlin pleni potentiaries go hope to their respective countries than tnV dissatisfaction of some States keeps up the game of war through the Lazes refusing to evacuate Batoum, by Bosnia and Herzegovina firing and killing 2000 of the Austrian army of occupation, by Turkey morally hesitating to accede to the decisions of the; Congress, by Greece threatening to take by force of arms what the Congress allowed her, by Italy deairing to conquer Trieste, by Servia assisting the insurgents because she wants more territory jp old Bulgaria, by the ' maladministration of EuBsia in Bulgaria itself, by tho Russian new loan .issue and her designs on India, and by the cession of Cyprus, Lomnos (or : Tenodos), and.. Spcptra to Great Britain. All these political moves have their significant meanings, and as far as peace is concerned, we have to await the beginning of the end. The peace of Europe is as far off a satisfactory settle ment as over, and we cannot tell what a day might bring forth. ? Tire following quantities of. »qgar from tht plantatfona named, have been received by tho 'reapectiva town »gent«; At tho Bt«rc» o! Mr. W. H, Paxton':— 1062 mats, Te Kowai ; 806 mats, Barrio ; 393 mats, Cednr ; 196 mats; Damblcton ; 946 mats, Nebia ; C63 mats, Alexandra; 133 mats, Pioneer; 833 mats, Branseombe ; 275 mats, Pleystowe : total, 5312 mats of sugar. At the stores of Mr. George Smitn :— 1048 mats, Eiver Estate; 1388 mats, Pioneer ; 1215 mats.AIeadowlands; 69 mats, Inverneso; 662 mats, .Miderej C&ssada;, 240 mats : total, 4623 mats of sugar. A Committee meeting . of the Hospital was held in the Council Chambers last Wednesday afternoon. ; Present, Messrs. W. llarsh.(in tho chair)' M. a Black, E. H. Wills, D. H. Ualryinple, H. rBromberg, E. Fleming, and the Secretary, Mr. Binnoy. The minutes of tho previous meeting were_ read and con firmed. . The Building Committee's report was read, wnich recommended that Btrenuous efforts should be made to erect the west wing of tbe Hospital in 'accordance with the original plan, or a dnplication of the wing already erectea. Dr. MoBnrney recommended the increase of width in t],a hall passage a verandah at the back of the V-Jiaipu iDi other improvements. Mr. Dalrymple v posed and Mr. Bromberg seconded that the report aa read be adopted. Carried. It was proposed by Mr. Black and ?seconded by Mr. Dalrymple that plans and specifications for -the new wing be. drawn up and tenders called for to ereot:thesame. Carried unani mously. Tbe meeting then closed. A general Committee meeting of the A. P. and hi. Association was held in the Royal Hotel last Wednesday afternoon. Present, Messrs. J. ? Spiller (President,) and Messrs. W. Marsh, J. E. Davidson, E. S. Eawson, D. Conner,' M. Carroll, C. R.'iputailliu, K.H. Wills, W..H. Paxton,. M. H. Black and B. Martin. * The minutes of the preyions meet ing were read and confirmed. Correspondence was read by the Secretary, Mr. Beddek, as follows: — from H. L. Davis respecting the supply of enps; from Messrs. Kilpatrick relative to the forwarding of -medals; from the. Hon. the Colonial Seoretary respecting a grant 'of land as a show ground, . and a telegram to the Colonial Secretary about obtaining a grant of' land. The following accounts amounting to £74 6s. lOd. . were presented for. payment. A discussion took place upon the low state.of the funds and as to when the Association would obtain' the amonnt of, the Government grant, Mr. Paxton proposed, and! Mr. Carroll seconded ' that a telegram be at once sent to the Hon. the Colonial Secretary requesting to be in formed whether a sum of £200 in. aid of the Mackay Agricultural, Pastoral and Mining Association has been placed on the estimates, and if so, when the same will be available.' Carried unanimously. .A conversation arose as to how the accounts now placed upon the table were .to be paid, - as there .wore only £24 6s. lOd, to the credit of the Association in the bank. Mr. Conner proposed ,' that the members of the finance Committee interview the Manager of tbe A. J. Stock Banfe, and endeavour to arrange for an overdraft' j-I a Bum not exceeding £100. ',Mf. Martin se conded the motion which was carried nem con. Mr. Dntaillia proposed, and Mr. Martin seconded' that the- accounts %o.w upon -the' table be passed for payment.' darned. . Mr.( Conner proposed, and Mr. Rawson seconded that Mr. J. C. Binncy be elected a member of Committee in 'the place ol Mr.' C. C. Rawson resigned. Mr. Wills proposed, and Mri Martin seconded; that Mr. Hewitt of Pleystowe be elected a member of Committee in the .room of Mr. C. C. Rawson. It was then resolved that the election of a 'member, of Committee should take place by ballot, whicb accordingly took place, resulting in the election of Mr. Hewitt by a majority of three votes. Theiquestion of when the distribution of prizes would take place was then con sidered. Mr. . Paxton proposed, and Mr. Dutaillis seconded that Messrs. M. H. Blacfc,' and'E. S. Rawson be asked- to form a Sub committee to get up an entertainment at as early s date as possible, at which, it be arranged that all the prizes be given to the successful competitors. This motion was carried unanimously. These two gentlemen intimated th'eir readiness to carry : out the wishes of the Committee respecting an enter tainment. It was resolved that a meeting be called a week;before the date of the entertain ment to make the ' necessary arrangements respecting the entertainment and the distribu-. of prizes. It: was also resolved to advertise, the particulars of the competition for Mr. W. H. Pattern's special prize— a sflver-cup — for tbe best open pan Bugar, for which particulars see advertisement in another column. Messrs. Marsh and Wills were appointed stewards in connection with the same. The meeting then closed. Yesterday afternoon we received the follow ing telegram from Mr. F. T. Amhurst, who is now in Brisbane. It says ' the Government have beat Mr: Beor's motion for a grant of £3000 by trioliery last night. .Mr. Miles said beforehand that he would oppose tho motion in Committee; but he snatched a sudden division, which! did not allow the motion to go into Committee as expected. We cannot expect aay justice from the present Brisbane Government. Brisbane September 6.' We are also favoured with a copy of a telegram upon the result of the same motion. 'W. Manh Esq., Mackay. Ministers took unfair advantage on Boor's resolution and defeated the motion for going into Committoe, having previously stated they wonld oppose it in Committee. I read your telegram and oom mentod severely on' Treasurer's account and nntrutnfnlness, : and on 'the aotion of the Government A. H. Palmer.' This is a very fine exhibition tho Government have made o! themselves. Wo do not regret suoh Minis terial opposition, .because the action of Mr. Boor in pushing his motion has made the Douglas Ministry declare its- policy towards Hackay, and we noweknow donuaUly what to do when the: general election takes place. The watchward of the future a ' oat must go tbe Ministry.' ? Cooktowh pooplo mast have :a' poor con oeption of tho importanoo of this district, judging from what appears in the Herald, which uya, in referonco to Cooktown oxports, that 'nine or ten thousand tons yearly. are landed on out wharfs, against the tcven hundred torn of sugar exported at Mackay,' Wa object to this soft impoaohmont, especially when Maakay exports between 'nine and ton thousand tons.' Perhaps the' Herald means that tho amount of Maakay sugar imported into Cooktown amounted to 'seven hundred tons' last year. Now, after this oonfuudon, Mr. Marphy should assist Mr. Door in obtain ing for Mookay suiBcient monoy to 'keep th» approaobei to ourlwharves in ropair,' Iwoauie if tho Cooktown wharves require repair, in a like manner doe* the' Maokay rivor and wharves, or Cooktown people will stand » poor obanao of haying Uioir too awootontiil poxt yoar, ? \\\ . ' ?. \ \ ? '?'? ? ???? . Wi are glad to state fliat the subscriptions obtained up to date, towards 'the erection of the new Church of England, now amounts to about £650, thus leaving only £350 sto be subscribed. I . -. Tendebs for the repair of the iHirnary! School at Nebo are invited, specifications can b6 is'een at' the S&te; School Mackay, and the; tenders will be received by the Hon. Secre-i tary, Mr. Brenan, at Nebo, on or before the! 16thinstant; ? ' ... ? ,'k .. i A telegram was received on Thntsday from : Mr.JTulIy, of the Lands Office; Brisbane, by Mr.', Beddek, the Secretary of'the.A.,P. and M. lAssociation, Btating that the Government hadl only granted five acres for a show and* exhibition ground, instead of tbe 35 icres at Lauriston asked for.) This is another miser able! piece of liberality on the part of tbe ferrki'-Mackay Ministry. If they hod granted the | whole reserve applied for it wonld have redqunded- more to their credit. - But w£ are learning'' to'labonr and to wait.' Thekb is nothing new nnder the buu. There is an on dit about town that the Hon. *'' JPramier will obntest Mackay at the ensujng 0-^.^1 ,1^000. Sorely - cruel ioke has been concoct^y Mme Jm Mn^. . JWe give jMr, Douglas ^ore ^iBdom than attempt snch» thing in th/j uix, of his part UgUUtion towai-ds Mackay. TBrif the Douglas is brave, and {like our Lord of Beaconofleld, he is capable of performing masterstrokes of policy, bnt in this instance we would strongly advise the Hod. the Premier to woo the sweet favours of Maryborough and enter not the port of this saccharine city. We don't know the Premier here, and. with the poet we say 'top|late, too late, you -cannot enter now.' Time! was when the Douglas might have stood: against Amhurst, Long, or'Beor, bnt alas ! since his Premiership there are none in Maokay so poor as do his political programme reverence. It may be said, 'how are the mighty fallen 1' but the idea of Mr. Douglas standing for Mackay is a delusion and a 'goak.' Considering that Kanakas have no votes, jand not likely to have, we hope that the Premier will be wise in time, and if a Southern electorate will not have him, then he might become the Hon. member for Gna dalcanar. As adjourned Court of Revision of the eleotorsl 'rolls for; tho Electorate of Mackay was held last Thursday in the Court House, before the Police Magistrate and Messrs. W. Marsh, I T. Vokes Dudgeon, and D. H. Dal rymple,! J's.P. . The remainder, of the rolls was carefully gono over in a just and impartial manner^ and the count was .adjourned until 10 o'clock ou the 11th instant. The number of names upon the roll for the new Electoral Districtlof Maokay amounts to 978.. Captain Ikman, of the '.' Isabella,' informs us that he has received .» telegram' from Bris bane, that Mr. John . Beaton hits received the appointment of -permanent Government Agent upon, vessels engaged in tho Polynesian re cruiting j trade. -We are glad to hear of this appointment, as there was rone so deserving. The following tologram was received from the Postmaster, at Bowon by the Postmaster at Maokay, Mr. Brown : ' 'No sign yet of English mail ; give notice to send mail over land, as yon cannot depend on ' Victoria. '' Mail for,Eng]and closes at the' Mackay Office at 7.30.a.nvthis morning. These ' is some danger of this port losing the services of the A.S.N. steamer ' Tinonee.' We half expected this, considering the manner in which the.'.'Taralla' and '.Tinonee ' left the last time— riz., with only part of a cargo. The 'sugar crushing has been rather late this season, which accounts for a little scarcity of cargo: The Bulletin publishes the following telegram from Brisbane :— ' A deputation consisting of Messrs. W. Graham, Macfarlane (Rockhampton), Morehead, and Stevenson, waited upon Mr. Williams, the Queensland manager of the Australasian Steam Navigation. Company, and the Hon. the Postmaster Goneiial, and ^requested 'that a, steamer be .placed on , the line between Cooktown and Normanton for the accommodation of settlers in communication with the, Gulf ports. Mr. Williams said the Company were having the 'Tinonee' fitted with new compound engines,' and that steamer wonld be available for the pnrpoee, if sufficient inducement offered. Mr. Mein was unable to give any definite promise with regard to a mail subsidy, bnt said the matter ahould have the consideration of the Government' ' On Thursday last a Committee meeting of the School of Arts was held in the ijunioipaT Chambers. Present, Captain Goodall, (Presi dent) J and- Messrs. D. H. Dalrymple, E. P. Ashdbwn, W. Marsh, A. Homing and H. Bromberg. . -The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The follow ing accounts were passed for payment: — F.' N. Beddek, I £3 7s. 4d. ; J. P. Kemp 13a,; M. Hanson j£l 5s.; H. Bromberg £1 15s.; Northern Miner £1,101; F. Basedow £1 10s. A conversation arose respecting.' the Govern ment grant Mr. Ashdown proposed, seconded by Mr. Dalrymple, 'that application be at once roado to the Colonial Secretary for the amount of the Special Grant of £500, to be paid into the Commercial Bank, Brisbane, and which had been voted by tbe Legis lature.' Carried. It was resolved that Messrs. Ashdown and Dalrymplo oollaot the Bubserip tionB on account of the building for the new School of Arts. The proceedings then dosed. A Settled QuEsnoir.— There are few sub jects that aro not open to debate. Captious disputant are to be fonnd who aro even prepared to ptftve tbat block is white, but there is one point so woll settled that no one, except the man who domes the rodundity of . tho earth, will bo likely .to dispute it, viz. : that as a general invigorant, a blood depurent, a cure for sickheadacho, a remedy for hysteria, an apetizing tonio and a mild Jochilarant, UdOLPHO WOUb'8 80HIKDAU 4WMAT1C SoHHArrs is unsurpassed. — [AijVt] ? ' Holloway'M PilU.— Good Appetite— Excel- lont Digestion, — In the majority of peripns. loss of appetite is tho first indication of departing health, and shonld at. once receive attention or Actual, disease will follow. . For the aura of disordered' digestion and liver complaints Holloway'i oxellent Pills are pro bably nhrivallod, certainly unsurpassed. The invalid will never experience disappointment or failure in the removal of his ailment by mcana of theso! purifying Pills. On reaching' tho Btbraaoh they Immediately oorrect heart burn, flatulency, and undue acidity; they BCcuro tbo soorotion of perfect bilo, and passing into the intestinal canal they gently arouse it to natural activity without produo ing pain, irritation, or exhaustion. For theso reasons Hollaway'u Pills aro peculiarly wpll adapted for a family aperient —{A DVT.] 