COifVEEB ATI0N8IN AHANGLICAK ; PAESOiTA&Bi; ' ' [After Tea^-The l)ebate^Th6 Omissions of St. John—How • to -fill Ihem np^The SixiWater-potsi; and what they were for The ~ Admissions of 4Moid again—The Flat Boof and its uses—Tbe True Meaning of .the Ti Emoi Kai Soi } DUBIVG tea and after, tbe rain , cadtt down from the black olouds, as frpm a universal sbower-bath, pattering like:hailstones the verandah, roof; and*then', gurglingJdcfwn through the sine spouts, the untiring torrent descended. As the tea things' Were Irting removed Miss Rttbrio rose/went to the window, and Stooi for a ehort time looking put into the. .onter darkness. After contemplating the misty forms of tbjs dripping triees a while in sOSnee; she tfaid, " Papa, Rover is a prisonei 1 6f war for this ni^itj, the skiey influences have taken-: him captive; ; and we must do what. we,. pan to soften. the rigours of , his imprisonment, (or it would ruin our Teputation. for hospitaUty if we allowed lum.to'go out in suoh a night." Mr. Bubric cordiaDyJaoquiesCed in his daughter's opinion, and Mr. Hover resigned' himself with a ^ood grade to his detention. Presently Miss Rtibrio left the library, saying she would go and see about!a dungeOh to put their prisoner in. As female hypocrisy deserves exposure wherever man meets with it, it is only right to *dd that, under all this regard for Mr. Bover's accommodation, this very innocent young madam' was really longing to get. to her own -room, to have one more read of her first love-letter, which had come from Sydney by the last post. When she was gone, Mr. Uubriri resumed the oon versaticti which the coming in of the tea-tray had interrupted. "Alford," hesaid, "is probably right iu supposing that tbe Evan^eSht leaves oat some tbfngs in his aceovht of the marriage miracle iat Oana, and does not tell us everything that was iaid,and doss. But even so, I do not eee how the . reproof Christ gave His mother, can be. softened down by any amount of minute detail, or by the fullest knowledge we could have of the inside of the bouse wherein the wedding was solemnised." Mr.'Rover: " There are many things in tbe gospels which we oan't understand,' unless we knoi? snd Remember the -construction of an eastern house, the style of .esstern dress, and something of eastern onstoms. We read that they brought a man sick of the palsy to a houss where Jesus was inside. But there was snoh a crowd round the door they couldn't get in. How, then, did they manage} They took the sick man np to the roof ot the house and lowered, him down into the. place where Jesus was sitting inside. Did they then get ladders and carry the siok man up, and tear Off the root and let bim down into'the midst of the company inside?" Mr. Rubric: "I always explain these things in my sermon when I preaoh about them, Thby neither got ladders nor wanted ladders to get^on to the roof of an eastern house, for.there^was a stone staircase built up along the wail outside leading on to the roof, and the roof was flat, and boarded or flagged over. In the centre of this flat roof, or near one end, there was a large opening 10 or 15 feet long, aud 8 or ID feet wide, to let in light and air to the all or court beneath. Up these stone stairs the siok man wis carried on to the flat root, and Idt down thfohgh this opening close to the spot wheft Christ was sitting below." Mr. R6ver : "-WeH, then, you see how this knowledge <0f kn «aisteirn house helps you to understand the Soriptures. And just so is it with *egard, to ' the > wedding at. Canat To ,know the gronud^)laD, andirthe position f the . rooms,? and .how.., the Jiouse was ,built, ill,, ft8siBt iin.. flleariog np .the ;aooount f the marriage, as given by St. ohn. Suppose . you. went , into any shopkeeper's .hopee ' in Woploumaurifer, hd a^ked him if bis impluvium was dry,.oir f he and his children slept on the roof of the ouse last ii£$i,'what would he bay to you t ut in oar LOm's' tinie,' and in Judea, almost very ho0SS'had-an iikplmium, and in the hot-nights: the JewiBh • families. frequently sleptloutsidei'ioh the iflstiroofs bf their houses. .English people hire not. flat roofs, norfitoneetairsnp along;ti^front trail, nor, an atrium;, and, therefore, do not. understand many parts jpt Scriptnre. An eastern houBe was built, ai - we might say, round the back yard. The frifnt door opened through a 'flhott, nVrrow passage into this yard, or iiburt, or atrium, and the bedrooms were bnilt tonnd the.littlp yird or court, land this iDotirt wSfl robfed'over, leaving an openinfe in the -Centre, 15 (set or 20 feet leng, for ventilation/ and, jirhti^ The toart<: weepaved witii polished. stone or niarlule, a very^ .pltaidy flopringt -:The.. rain<. of cour.se. wpald come in through the. opening,in the flat roof, and tb.catoh tbe rain jthere ^ae an open outern or tank 15 or 20 Jeet lpng, 10 feet wide, and lj^eet deep in the centrfe, of the atrium. Tfiie was tp oatoh the raip. that oaniie'in overbebid, and .for'.'tbat^ reason it was balled the imphiviUnl, 0 the ' rain- 1 Catcher. 1 In the toentre;'or <fa'etr'ofife' end-oif the 4mpluvium; 4bere 'v/tie 'a Kfcp <friiunniiif fountain'^ that the fmplutrhini'' conld- t>e filled at- any it|me if, waters was araMed ;whei Qo raio was ialling, >anil sdmmer Ahifa fountain, ::kept :,the j«<rjMi>ii<»ol.. .lf impluvivm or cistern was of with olearJresh- water-tor-i* would be afa ornaQiept^l ^ it, ^WWfjPl' besides domeSticptirpoAsi wiwrw" necessity i<> the JfewB^for religiaUflMPOiV^M. fcr the* ever, sat. 4owa, to o^Wse np/rot i Wasm'trt^aE^^^they pften 'ta l wtotetfts ;, handsomel; r an -*ns atnnm or latge open sittingrroom. The vatsmnu bout entrance.'* Mr. Bubric, intenS'. "Grantmgalypu say, and allowingfor all differences of eWhifciBiurevin Jewish hons™ that alters the obvious meaning of onrLora 1 . reproving woi-de to His offending mother 'Womaty vhat htwe I to do with theet mv hour is not yet oome.' You have xiot answered my objeotion to your Bomish dcotnne.f Mr. Bover : " You must do with yourself ay you do with your congregatienyou must make yourself understand the' you are in a position to be able to fill nn consistently the blanks which St. John has left in the gospel narrative. I am for a consistent, and therefore, an intelligible acoount. We must therefore look round the premises and see the positien Of the waterpots, and the servants, and of ChrUt and His mother, and the gaestB. following Alford, you have already admitted that some incidents of this marriage feast are not < reoorded. Alford may admit, or, deny as he pleaseB, but t is very oertain that many of tbe incidents an flot narrated. And now, for want of these inoidents, tbe words of Christ are misonder. stood,, Just see how the Evangelist skipi over mahy things Which we would be glad to know. He tells us that on the third day there was a marriage in Cana; but he doeg not say what third day it was/' Mr. Bubria interruptingAlford says it was the third day after this oallingof Nathanael (Bartholc. taew) to be an apostle." Mr. Bover: « How does Alford know that T It is notBO stated in tbe Soriptures; and I should like to know when and where Nathanael (Batholemev) was oalled. Oar Lord had gone to Bethabar* on the other side of the Biver Jordan, to be baptised by John. The day after his baptism He appears to have oalled Andrew and fhfa Peter. The day after thiB He called Philip and then Nathanael (Bartholomew). St. Lake' (Chap. iv. 1,2) tells uB'that J e<ns returned from Jordan, and was led bythe Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted, and waa in the desert forty days. Alford seems to have overlooked this going of Christ into, the desert while : annotating the marriage in Cana; . and the third day may be the third day after our Lord's return from the desert." Mr. Bubric: "Alford only conjectures or guesses: he says 'if' it was so." Mr. Bover: "Exactly. But how am I bound to believe Alford's guessings in preference to yours or my own?' Guessing means ignorance, and the fact is he doesn't know what day the third day was. Alford does not .attempt to say whose wedding it was, and tseema to overlook Eusebius. St. John omits the name of the bride and : bridegroom, and does not tell ns how the wide came to be short." Mr. Bnbric, interrupting: "Bet Alford supposes that the bride was probably a near relative of the Virgin. Mary." Mr. Raver: " But have I pot quoted Eusebius to you, from, whose history it is evident that the bride was the Niece of Mary, and cousin of Christ. But Sc. John does not explain anything about the six water-pots, what they were there for, nor where they stood, nor why they were empty, nor dees he allude to the marble cistern, or impluvium, which was 60 olose at hand with water in it, and the fountain running, so that the servants had the water to fill the Water- potB at hand. And if Mary was rebuked by Christ, St. John does not say she was oaBt down by the rebuke." Mr. Rubrio: " Alford says she does not seem .to have been hurt or depressed by it, bat rather;the,-contrary." .Mr. Bover: "Might not Alford. have therefore opnjectured that she wasn't rebuked at all T For as soon a Christ spoke, the words,'' Woman whst have I to ,' do with thee;' She seems to have hatoned up to the other end of tbe atrium, or court, 6i covered yard, and desired the' serVatats to be • Wa and do wh&tever; JeSus should direct them to do. Is not this a clear proof that she did'not feel rebuked; but, on the contrary, that Jesus had given her to understand that he would save the family from the shame and humiliation with whiob they Wet® threatened by the want of wine? Ana now I will ask you what did Maty do, ,or sav, or think, or feel, or, wish that deserved rpbuke t I want a straightforward answer to this question." Mr. Eubric: "Alford says she required Christ to work a mirable, not for the glory of God, bat for the honour ana glorification of the feast and therefore Christ rebuked her." Mr. Bover: " How is this to be learned from her wdrdfe?! All *he said' was, 'they have no while.''' In%he nniBJe of all reason how can these ; words be-twisted from their simple ^neaping so as to express any such wish as Alford thus imputes to her. She was in i mental distress, She^ goes to.her dear, .divine, adored < Son, the very rang® and help i-pf ,-all distressed souls. Was ,thie - a sin,' or. r a. crime, or an offenoe against God f Was it a fault for : which she deserved blame to go ..to -Jesus with he' heart's anxiety and'fear and pain? whom else should she,'go K Did she not • know who JISUJ waej? Did not the Arpnangel 'Gabriel tell her who he was? Dw Bhe ever forget that arigel v s visit? Could She forget it'? flftd^Bforgotten the shepherus a'ridthe 'tfeje Wise men,' br Vings.irom ihe-Eatt/ 'and tbe'flight into Egypt ? ehe tootknow that Jesus, ber Son/whom roe brought «6rth, «t' 1 Bethlehem- was W Almighty God. and her best euWiour^n every minor sorrow, as well aB inthe'gr^ perpetual isow»w,.ithe »wordMshe carriett ever in her pierced ,heart^the4honght ot his oi^^oA?;iow^50i|ildsihe«crtne;tP#® iien, sayein hpppand^notherly ;love# a Christian confidence and faith; and why then should she be rebuked f She knew he jjod come to fulfil the law, and that law gud, 'Honour thy father and thy mother.' jf he rebuked a mother who came as she came, would you say he fulfilled the law, and honoured his mother? IB it not a farfetched, incongruous, and astonishing supposition for. a. Christian divine to jjt upon, that, Mary had no more knowledge of Jesue, or the object of gis coming into the world, nor. of (the plan of salvation than a rude, pagan, melon woman in the market-place of Tyre or gidon ? Mast there not be some fearful and fatal prejudice, at the bottom of Alford's view of the marriage -in Cana ? For Christ ag man bad taken our nature with all its ginlese infirmities, all its.amiable affeotions, gneceptibilities and emotions. Consequently He sympathised in all human sorrows and afflictions, and never sent any sorrowing 0r afflioted soul away uncheered and unrelieved, except, of course, His own mother, sg Alford surmisea and.says, though he was bound to assist and console His own mother before all. But now picture to yourself the BOene in ithe house at Cana where the wedcling was going on. The bride and bridegroom, and the bridesmaids, and the bride's father and brothers, and the Babhi, who performed the marriage service, all in one' joom on one side of the . hail; the guests in the: supper-room on the opposite side. The impluvium, or marble cistern, in the middle part of the hall, full of clear, fresh water flowing from the fountain. A number of orange, myrtle, rose and acacia trees, planted in tubs placed at intervals along on either side of the cistern. Lamps hung all round overhead. At the upper end of the hall the servants busy cooking and preparing the dishes, moving to and fro from the supper-room and dancing-room, carrying fruits and wine. At the end of the hall, next the door, six water vases, of cut stone and handsome shape, each about three feet high and capable of holding several gallons of water. These water jars were there for ceremonial uses. The Jews always washed their hands, abd often their feet, before they sat down to meals. All the guests had dipped their hands in these waterpots, and the water had been poured out. Jesus and John, the beloved disciple, are engaged in conversation close by the waterpots. Peter and others, perhaps, sitting by the impluvium, discussing the event of their call and all its consequences. Sounds of mirth, and the strains of the Epithalamium, or marriage canticle, re-echo through the atrium. Christ has called his apostles, but the day and the hour at which he is to commence his ministry are not yet come—" Mr. Bubric, interrupting: ' But you do not take Oalvinistic views on that question, I hope." Mr. Rover: " Not at all; I bold all Catholic doctrine, and I take no ' views' from any man-. But you most be aware that, from all eternity, Goa bail resolved to become man ; and the year, and the day, and the hour, and tbe moment of his doing so, were decreed and fixed in the divine mind. So we read that in tbe falness of the time tbe Word wae incarnated an ! Christ born. So also was the day and the hour for Christ to begin bis ministry decreed and appointed by the Father; and this day and hour were yet some three or four months off, or some considerable time. And Mary knew this from Christ himself, for she was bis mother, and they had lived together more than twenty years at Nazareth. And now she comes in some alarm about the want of wine, and leaaiag him aside a step or two, perhaps behind ouo of tLw myrtle or orange trees, yet CIOBB to where John was standing, and perhaps iayiug one limny band upon his shoulder ana gently clasping tbe curls of hia long, flowing, auburn hair, and looking np with adoring and supplicating trust into his faoe, the aeks Jiim, it possible, to keep her and all of the family out of the disgrace that threatened them, and thus came the words of our Lord which Alford so mistakes and maltreats." Mr. Bubric: . *' But one of these words is Gunai, and you do not mean to say that Alford mistook in translating it' woman and when our Lord applied this term to her, I cannot see how it justifies you in paying Mary such excessive honour as you do." Mr. KIO-. er: "But how can you, a scholar, seem to mistake the meaning of Gunai. It is like the German Frau, which certainly means woman, but means a great deal more; for it means also madam, or my lady, or your majesty, or good wife, or •my dear girl, according as you intend it. Frau may mean an outcast, or a low creature, or a degraded woman, and te used in any of these senses, as the speaker may wish. So Gunai, in the Greek language, may be my lady or my dearest love, or toy honoured mamma, or you wretch. The point is, did Christ apply it to his mother in an offensive ,or contemptuous or condemnatory sense ? Is it not something very like blasphemy to suppose that Jesus did so? Hence I am.compelled to look well into our Lord's words, and in doing so I find that they are a Greek idiom translated from a Syro-Chaldaic idiom'.. Now I sek you to translate them literally." Mr. Bubric; "Literally translated they would read *hus: 'What to Me and to Thee.'" Mr, £over: "'Very correct; but do yon call that sense? To. me that translation haa no sense; and I hope you would not maintain that the Holy Ghost inspired the Evangelist to write nonsense. I ask you. then what does your translation mean, 'Whatto tfeandto Thee?" Miss Rubric here entered the library to invite the two gentlemen to supper. 8th October, 1878. PEUTETBE. 