LETTER TO TU K OLERG Y OST THE TR I A LS ; . 4ND CO27SQI-ATIONS OF POPS LEO . XIII- . BstBogek 'Bede, Auoebishop-op Sydney and . Administr&to; ^ Apostolic op Armidale. Dear Eev. Bkethbbit,— ? Ifc is bub a short, time ? since I hod' to announce to you the death of tho late .venerable Pope, Pius IX., and to imploro your- prayers for the I'epot-e of his soul.. 1 also requested you to pray, aad to ask the people to pray, -that tho Sacred fj -nc!c\'8 zaight be guided | by. the Holy Spine ra tho choice ox. a -worthy 1 successor. 1\. X have now the pleasure to inform you that I the College o£ Ce-rdihala,, representing as it doer, 1 the threefold hierarchical order of iha Church, has I ' elected his Eminence Cardinal Joachim Pecei to I succeed Pius IX. of blessed memory, and he haa I assumed the title o£ £eo XIII. Bad -we no 1 other guarantee, the character of fchooo auguefc I personages forming fcbe Conclave ? would bo I sufficient to cscuro iftra e'ention. of a Pontiff 1 prudent, learned, and versed in ecclesiastical 1 affairs : tho Sacred College, as you hnow, being 1 itself composed of men enpeeially -chosen to that I high dignity on account of their distinguished 1 ? giftf.'.. In their numbor are to be found rapre I sentatives of every form' of ecclesiastical learning I and culture oi tho highest class. No body of I mea in 'tho -world could be found. 'exhibiting I .' more conspicuously, ihooa cpirituc,],'. intellectual, 1 and moral qualities which go to form great rulers I and enlightened guides. We need not be. 1 astonished then at the choice which they have I ? made. It is not surpricinjy thafc men of ouch . high; park. and of. such. keenness, should, havo selected one from amongst thoracelvea possessing inv the highest degree that combination of qualities which is ?especially needful to the thC;iSupreni6 Kulei* of two hundred and fifty millions of Christians in i he days in which we live. But however gifted the occupant of tho Supreme Chair may ba, iae will- require all tho _ suppoi'o of iho Almighty to g-uido and strengthen him in the itnmenso 'espoacibililies 'which have fallen upon him. Without doubt there pro two I ' eideo to' every picture. Tho very position I occupied by the Pope implies great and'fotmid I ? able trials, yet at tho. name t£ne it- ensures to 1 him, even in fchetse dayu, largo and -especial f blessings. 1 Let me invifco you3 dear rev. brethren, to I throw a gl-mce on the two aides o£ this interes I ting1 ?picture : oo that -wo may both sympathise ] with the luture fcririlu of the Vicar of our Lord. j and rejoice also with him in ? his consolations j I and thus be encouraged to pray with all our I hearts that our Lord mixy not -only support h;m, I bub grant him and Holy Church Vacny a peace* j ful victory — for every battle that he.-mna in her j . cause is for the oclvation of couls, and for tho S destruction of error, iofidelity, and superstition. I Eirstj, as to the triala which the Vicar of J. Christ has to suotaia, :-Head the afcory .of the J Popeo from the day St. Fetev was crucified on I Mount Janiculum to the preaent Jiour. What j ' do you find there ? Ydu Sad the history of I ? warfare, of everlaotiag battles, moral and I physical, of violence and bloodshed. And '/hy? Became the Popes are the Vicaro of Christ, who ?waa Himself crucified between two thieves ; i ho r-BUc'c'esBors of tin Apo&tloj; wlio died a martyr for principle, and the. ropEcssntativeo of a vast militant power, a, widespread cp'rifcuai orrjani zatibn, which has. heci)j!aQiO3eially constructed, and is especially armed, for confronting and wrest ling with what our Lord, and St. John after Him, emphatically call ' tho' world :'. that is . with the violent lusts and brutal prassious, tho rebellious spirit and diabolical pride of the carnal man. To make peace with ' the world ' is to surrender a great truth. To lay down arms is to be vanquished and butchered. The cry Non Possmnus sums up in ' itself tho logic of this world-battle, and. explains in two' words the position taken up by tho Popes from tho beginr ning. Non possumus ; we cannot deny Christ and' the Incarnation, ' Christ's teaching his Gospel ; we cannot repudiate poverty and chastity and obedience ; we cannot admit that revolt and revolution, atheism, and in fidelity, are to be placed on a level with obedience to legitimate authority. and belief in tho cardinal truths of Faith ; non possumus ; we cannot, we must not, do anything to diminish or tarnish the lustre of Christian dogma, -or blur that great tradition which has been handed down from the first. h o' Church and her spokesman know whaf. they ro about; they are consoious of 'their massage .; he y know distinctly and definitely to what it -3 they are witnesses : they 'are not tho masters, but tho custodians of tho truth, of tho doposit. of tho faith ; with them it is not a matter of option whether this or that shall bo taught ; whether this or that is palatable — they have to hold tho form of sound w'ords, and hand down, undiminiohed, without addition, that which has been handed to them. Take that great organic body of Doctrine, dogmatic,, moral, ecclesiastical, and semi political which we may call the expanded teaching of the Catholic Church : take the fundamental principles on which that vast body of teaching rests : sea how during eighteen hundred years it has been developing and unfolding itself, and expending into its symmetry and full perfection, like sozno tree of life flourishing by the water iA&o; in tho garden of God's planting- ; or. perhaps, 1 might rather compare it to an impregnable £..rtess, which presents itself on evesy side armed, and fully equipped against tho enemy ; and capable, if needs be, of incoming tho aggressor and oi'- opposing wi'h great vigour any who should c-tand against it, Tho Sovereign Pontiffs, one affcor another, as they have appeared in their place, have directed its efflosts. and from the high watch tower of Israel havo bean controlling tho battle for eighteen hundred weary egos until aovr. Take the simple facts of history as a sufficient confirmation of what, i say. Thirty of the Popes were martyrs. They withstood the onslaught oiiho ten persecutions, and all tho powera of the world iu tho iirat a/res of the Church '! he warfare never ceasad though the method and tho i.ua'trumenta of it may have changed. Some were exiled, others imprisoned, starved to death, ansr.'sainated, made iiw«y with in thio way and that ; thirty of them wero compelled to leave Ropie ; whilst seven wero exiled from their See and. forced to reside in a foreign land The ?Sterns! City £esms to have ba a tho centre point . die attraction for tho forked lightning. Seven times the city, itself was sacked and rained. Once it was levelled with the ground, and for a time given over to foxes and wild beasts. On one occasion St. Gregory writes : ' Homo is ' ravaged ; its very structure is dioso ved. Not . ito glory alone, hub its life is 'departed We die daily. Sorrow and grief are on every side, vVe are pursuing after the world, and the world ia departing from us We cleavo to it, and it Dcnses away.' (Honiil, ia Fesfc, SS. Werei et Achillei.) The state of things in the days of St. Leo waa even worse. The world waa over-rua by iniidel powers, and B/lahomedanism threatened, by the combined prcsGure of iron and lust, ;o over-run tho 'West as ifc had done the tfa&t.; True, %ivid waa the gleam of light when Pope St. Leo crowned Charlemagne at the tomb of St. Peter ; but equally appalling waa the darkness and con '; fusion when that same Poutm fell in the midst of a solemn procession, into tho hands of assassins, who stripped him of hia Pontifical gobes, and cast him into prison. Tra'8 your vciiy down the ages from this period onwards, it Jo thecaiae. Bead the letter ov Popo Gregory VII. to the Abbot of Olugni, and you will find that the outside world had put its foot even into the precincts ox tho Banct uary, and had left its mark. 5t Ln overwhelming grief and an ! universal sorrow surround aie,' ho says, 'on ©very . side. The Eastern Church, ? by the instinct of the devi1, has revolted from tho Catholic faith, and in its members the - 3d enemy is everywhere putting Christians to death, Wh'su 1 look to tho west, or Gou:b, or north, I can hardly see a Bishop who, by hia eatrance on the .Episcopate, or by his life, is such as the '.Canons demand. . . . As for the peoplo amoag whom 1 live^I mean the Rosa-tns, Lombards, and Normans — as I am often telling them, they are, iu a way, worse than Jews and Pagans.' (Bpisfc. S. Greg. VII., Lib. H,, Uipiufc. IV, ed Migiie.) So poweiful were his onemies thafc . they succeeds d at last in driving him out, though the}'- could n't break his spirit. He feared God more than man. 'To escape the judgments ? of- God.' he 'writes,' I most encounter «t host of enemies, and bring them down upon myself.' Ani so he did. You remember his memorable exclamation, Avheu dying at Salerno : ' I have loved justice and hated iniquity, and therefore I die in esiie S' The rei.-nof Alexander III. , who presents such a majestic figure in history, and thafc of Clement VII., who was cast by a faction into the Casteli' Sant' Angeio, speaks of thunderclouds, and volcanic shocks, of violence and schism, such as are unknown to our com paratively peaceful days. ? ; But I must not weaay you, dear Reverend brethren by a. repetition of the same tale of rtruggle and conflict which makes up an integral port on of the Church's -life. You know it must peso. Without ifc the object of -her mission is ?gbno. It waa so ages before v/e were born ; it han been go since we can remember ; and ifc will continue so till the end, .f And I believe the present Pope will noi; ba un .exception .ia the general rule. He hr.s com. menced hia Pontificate ourrounded by civil p'nd military enemieo, a.nd in the midst of dark cloudu charged with the electricity of' war. Tho 'dogmatic beliefs of the wb-ld, tlxoou truths. ,t/laicb, '.rare c:\rried away and held as .sacred by (;3io revoil' ? of the- sisfceenfch century, are fast;. inciting like enow undei' the buming-glaas of I tipdern efiticicm. . Tho various Churches, I r/Iucli wore the defenderu and 'exponents of .bhpzz bsliafl'j, arc dwindling into rfir.dor/a, and . jii'P bat tho fjpeotres of v/hat they were ; and their rspsresentativea are doing all they can to ?iiiduce the old dogmata, to lie quie1; and to i^main tlccsnily iu iho grave which private 3 v.dgomciit has fashioned for thorn. Thoucandb iinon.thouoandn v/ho go to ouch oiuircliea, do L'o out of respect to a venerable and defunct aniiquifcy, for decency's eako, not to give un eaaiuefs to their family ;— and they speak as . little as possible, aud in solemu undertone, of '?'?V ' - ? those departed faiths in which their ancestors so steadily believed, and for which, possibly, many of them had gone to the scaffold. The inner heart and mind of millions of such -like intelligent men arc not even touched by dogmatic religion ; and the whole so-called Christian world, with probably some large exceptions, ia sliding without noise or jolt into that negative form oi; religion which leads up to the very door o£ absolute infilolity and aggressive unbelief. The Sovereign Pontiff is the representative to the world of the very antithesis of this Catholicity and the Pope mean dogma and jts protector, its exponent, and its guide. His conflict will be against tho great ' Disccssio 'or Aposfcacy ;' against that world of ' sensual men having not the spirit ;' (St. Jude 1'). I Epis St. John iv. 3. 3 Dan- vii. 25.) 'who ' dissolve Jesus;' and ' v/ho coufess not that Jeoua Chr-ist ? is come in the iieah;' v/ho 'shall apeak great words again a1', the most High One.' There is but half a step from indifference or negativism to dogmatic aggression. The very energy of positive assertion ou the one hand elicits positive assertation on the other: abyusus abyssum invocat, one abyss calls forth another, if the Church would leave the world alone, the world would wish for nothing more. But the Church was especially set up to con front and subdue tho world in all its varied phases, whether it be paganism, barbarism pantheism, rationalism, or infidelity. And we can pretty accurately indicate the salient points at which infidelity will muster its forces in order to make a vigorous stand against and onslaught on the Church and its august Head There are two main situations into which the contest will naturally fall ; one negative, the other positive: the negative, in which the powers, prerogatives, and doctrinca of the Church will be denied ; and the positive, in which Society or the State will lay claim to and adopt such of these as it may deem fitting for its purpose. For example : The Bible will be denied, aud the dictates of human philosophy, based upon experience, will take its place ; the authority of the Church in matters not only of dogma but of morals will be denied, and Society or the State will lay claim to legislate supremely in these matters for itself; the priesthood, in all its spiritual efficacy, will be denied, and the states man or ruler or his representative, basing his teaching on the ground of mere carnal logic, will become the instructor of the people ; mys teries, and all that transcends the vision of the unassisted intellect, including the Incarnation, the Passion, and Death of Christ, original sin, Baptism, the Real Presence, Judgment, and, of course, Hell Fire;— all these fundamentals of Christianity will be denied, and in their place some modification of the positivist philosophy or something baser will be thrust upon the intellect of youth, and will dwarf and stunt the higher faculties of man. In a word, human philosophy will take the place of theology, the State of the Church, and man of God. The next step points to persecution. Infidels have ever been persecutors. Freedom of speech and action implies, in their creed, freedom to stop others ; and, if necessary, by violence and tyranny to confound and trample on them till they do stop Are not these the men of whom the Book of Wisdom speaks when it says : ' Let us lie in wait for the just ; because he is not for our turn, and he is contrary to our doings and upraideth us with transgressions of the law, and divulgeth against us the sins of our way of life .... he abstaineth from our ways as from filthiness, and he preferreth the latter end of the just .... he calleth himself the son of God .... he is grievous -unto us even to behold. '' (Wisdom ii. 12, 1.6.) 1 do not, say. that there will be a repetition of such perse cutions as Nero's. Modern civilization puts man to the test with more refinement than- that. The axe and the rope, pitch and tar, are not the only instruments of torture. The conscience can be wrung as well as the back ; the -heart can be pierced without the plunge of the knife ; the sense of justice, uprightness, and truth, can be exquisitely tried, without the thumbscrew or the wheel. It cannot be expected that the world will ever submit to the Church : that the Church will hold her peace, that we know can never be. The contest will have to be waged as in the days of Christ ; and persecution will be modified or warded off by means of the Church's high position ; and through the fear she instils into the heart of the infidel, who, after all, having little of the hero about him, loves this world and its good things better than a struggle in which he may be worsted ; and would prefer to let the Church have her own 'way rather than jeopardize the happiness of his life — tho only kind of happiness he believes in. The present attitude of Germany to the Church, of Russia and even France, and of Italy itself, is index enough as to the future, The popular philosophy, and rebellion from all species of authority, are lingers which point towards days of anxiety and peril for the successor of St.. Peter. He is beginning his pontificate in the centre of a great crisis. The eyes of tho -world are sleeplessly open looking for an accommoda tion with the revolution, at least in some modi-' fied- form, Statesmen are on -tho watch for some great turn in affairs ; and all 'her enemies hope that the Church's chief will descend one step lower from that high position ' which his predecessor occupied with such undaunted dig- nity and courage. ' No statesman or monarch,' says the London Times, 'willingly enters upon a contest with such powerful influences as those which are at all times under the name of religion ; and it is well understood that the Government of .Berlin, no less than that of Rome, would gladly welcome an opportunity for some terms. of accommodation with the Roman Catholic Church. If such terms cannot be obtained, a prospect, opens which is fraught with disorder to tho whole of Europe, But if a Pope should be elected who would discern tho Wisdom of moderating the severe policy of tie predecessor, a gradual understanding might be ' . ? established between the Pope and modern sover eigns, and the Roman Catholic Church might cease to be regarded as irreformable.' (Times, December 10, 1877.) All we know and believe is that the reigning Pope v/ill bo protected and guarded and strengthened as Piuo IX. was. And whatever his policy may be, it v/ill be in harmony with that great and masterful leader.i ship which from Peter down to Pius has disbin-* guished the Roman Pontiffs. ii.' ;' Having thus indicated in a general way the bearings and perils of the future, allow me to touch upon some of the convolutions i» which the Holy Father wiiifind support : — 1\. First, his comforl; v/ill be in the actual position of the Church at the present hour, aa described by the pen of intellectual antagonists. One of the most forcible and authoritative expo nents of English feeling is, undoubtedly, the London Times. What is the view it puts before he great secular world with regard to the Catho Church? That it is a simple antiquity of- tho past ; a mummy that can not bear the light ? Not so: — 'Tho day is long past,' it says, ' when we could shut ourselves up in our Pro- testant antagonism, and treat the Roman Catholic world as if it were something beyond the pale of our sympathies. The change' is partly due to the fact that Roman Catholics have within this century been admitted to their legitimate place and influence among us, and now form a large constituent part of our na tional life. But it is due even more to the widening of our horizon and to our fuller per ception of the degree in which the 'whole reli- gious life of Europe is bound together. Ger many has been the chief agent in re- establishing this sense of community of interest. The par tial success of the Reformation in that country, .and the consequent existence side by side of Roman Catholic and Protestant communities, have led to an interchange of thought and a rivalry of learning between the two which have enabled both sides to understand one another better. Even putting aside political considera tions. it its impossible for any intelligent man to be indifferent to the election of the head of a communion which includes within it such names as Dr. Newman and Cardinal Manning among ourselves, Monsignenr Dupanloup in France, and to mention only one name in Germany, Dr. Hefele. The old Catholic movement, which carried off so considerable a man as Dr. Dollin ger, is still in its infancy, and its course may be indefinitely influenced by a new Pope. Apart, moreover, from great names, nothing can alter the fact that the Roman Catholic Church is the most powerful and most venerable of Christian communities, and its government is a matter of concern to all of them. There are forces s'iil active in ifc, find perhaps, even greater forces latent within it, which vnuat exert i\ potent. ir» lluenco, on thought and civilization, aud neither statesman nor ululo^opliei' e^n look v/iih indiff ci'cncs upon the election of tlia principal bichop in the Christian world.' (Times, December 10, 1877.) .'-.-. 2\. The Pope's seeoud consolation v/ill bo in considering the actual po:::'sioa of the Chuvch. as ?'- drawn by thoise wbo ktiov.-- her ::iob?; iiitiajaSely, and wlio can /--poak of hei' from their pcivional knowledge. Pictures painted by those .who lovelier may by uoms ba held r.s liattcriog; bub the one v/hicU I slmll ivdz ycu to look uyna ia fci'iio to life, andgoas Co c::pk:iu iltc ;r.j.t!.r.cncc she exerts afc the present hour on the intellect of the mere man of the v/orld ov the philodopli ro Speaking o~2 the Church in tho present age, Cardinal Maraiing saya : ?'There never was a 'time v.-hen the e:-:p:'.n:j.o ol' the Church's roign upon earth was go near its fulness ; there never was a time when its unity without aud its un animity v/ifchin were so luminous aud uudeni ablc ; never a time when the ho!}' Cafcholiu faith stood so clear in tho sunlight of revelation, as a mountain against the blue sky ; never a time when the very principle of heresy was so discredited, or clear-headed men so ashamed of the folly of human reason in erecting itself in judgment against the 'Divine authority of the Church of Cod Rojcut the truth of God alto gether or believe ifc altogether ; but to walk wavering between these two paths of Christ 'and Antichrist iy contrary to ivasou. I'Jevei- was tho ? world so conscious of this in its political and iu its religious order. Never -'-'as it more unstable or more full of fear. The Church of God, then, is not in decrepitude, it not in its youth, it is in tho vigour of its manhood. Ifc ia over renewing its strength- Like ifcs Diviuo Head, in the midst of this world it is visible fco faith iu the fulness of ifca prerogatives, in the splendour of ifcs notes The true progress of mankind is by faith. The Church is ever going onward. In the mi'lsfc of the sepulchres and 'tomba of departed human greatness, of. thrones i which have already fallen or will fall to-morrow, j ifc stands solid and changeless, resting upon the basis Clod has laid, indefectible as is the light of the iirmamenfc, pure as the waters from the springs of the earth, imperishable as the throne thafc is for ever aud ever.' ? (Surinouy, vol. hi p. 270.) \ j o. A third source of cousolat'ou is a prospect of a solution of the Rom m Question, The vigour and vita! energy' of, the Church, ener gizing throughout the ordiv tcrrarum, naturally exerts a grave influence upon the minds of those v/ho guide the destinies 'of states. The afceady .r.nd_pefsistouii condemnation of the PiedsBoatcE© epoliatiou of the Pope, and their violent occu pation of Mome, has, for some time x^ast, made itself heard throughout the length and breadth, of the v/orld. This by itself alone has produced a powerful efieefc. .Eyes which wero once ' closed are beginning to open ; countenances v/hich. were averted from the light of justice and truth are beginning to look facts in' the face ; and the world is awaking to the truth that tho only satisfactory solution of the Roman Question is to make that Sovereign Pontiff independent who rules, uot fclio rucro bodies, but the hearts dad souls, of two hundred jinil fifty iiiillkma of Christians iStatcaincu, feeling the preaam-e-,- arc able to acu this more olem-ly than they did. The fact of the Popo being ile^ eudeut ou any king or kaiuer v/ould involve- political compli oationci the cad of which no man could foresee. The first Napoleon, whose 'Mixing ambition did not- stop at the pontifical throuc, iu describing his- own designs forcv/arns iia of the designs . of others. 'By hooping the Pope (Pius VII.) at Paris, ' lie said, 'and aimerciag the Roman Statea to my dominion.1) I. had obtained the object of separating his temporal from' his spiritual authority. Paris would have become the capita), of the Christian world. I should have directed the religious world as v/ell as the political. I ehould have had my religious sessions : my council v/ould have been tho assembly oi: the represent,',! ivou of Christianity, \- and the Pope would have been nothing hue its president. I v/ould have opened and clootid those assemblies, approved and published their decisions.' (Alisons-Europe, Vol. XI I L, cluvn LX., p, 133.) Such was 'the way in which Napoleon hoped to deal with the Pope and the Church. But besides an analogous political - complication at the present cl -y, it is a fact, admitted by oil candid observers, that tho Picd montese occupation of Rome ban proved a disas trous failure, ft very additional year of that occupation lias increased the popularity of- 'the Pope, and has rendered the Piedmontese mere and more odious to the people. The country is plunged in debt ; the prisons are full ; the treasury empty ; the taxes almost unbearable ; silver currency has disappeared ; a barbaroi-.:* ? proscription is ruthlessly enforced ; charitable institutions are suppressed; and thousands- of Italians have shipped to foreign lands, because there is nothing for them to live upon at home. And. as it is natural, in nroTiortion as tho neonlc arc trampled upon by the usurper, so much the more anxiously do they loo!: for tho restoration of the Pope to his independence. Every ciasc, from the patrician to the plebs, has given emphatic testimony to this. The thousands of addresses received by the late Poniitic overflow \yith expressions of hope that tyranny v/ould come to an end at last, The princes, nobility, and people at Rome are clamouring' more than ever for a cessation of tho' present stats ' of things. And this strong feeling throughout TfcnW ;\nfl in f-.lio ppTifvr* in T-?rv~Tt- Irnp^f .ofirlnr} to the loud ubiqituous voice o-: the Universal Church, cannot but be an augury of hope -for him who has just now entered upon his great career The Roman Question is not solved, it is true : but ilo solution seems drawing near— tho Sovereign Pontiff must eventually possess bis independence. -? 4. A fourth consolation for the Pontiff is tho extraordinary growth of .the Catholic Church iu the i -present age. To leave Auctvalia alone, take as'a test ahil c-:.v.;npie the Chinch in the United States of Araci'icr.^ Au hundred years ago fchsi-e' was no bicliop, no rj'jhool, no religious commu nity there ; the clairch did nob possess a aingle aere of laud ; thoi'e v/era only _ twenty-five priesta and fort? thousand Catholics. In 1375 there were c-voi- five thousand priests, ono thousand ,tv/o Irandved and seventy-three ecclesi astical student::, z::: thousand five hundred and twenty cigl:!; du:rchcn raid chapels, thirty-tln-Gs theological cc-rn::.:^vlcn, ei::iy three colleger five ' hundred and firoy seven high schools, and ono thousand si:; liunorcd and forty-fivc parochial schools, v/hilcit tho Catholic population amounted to ova? covo:i mil-icn::. And, jememhei-, aSLtlns ia in America ; and gus of the finest and most advanced poriionr; ox that great continent, upon which the light of the nineteenth century beats as'iiercely, or :oorha?3 moro fiercely, than on any other chunky in olid world. Here tho Ghurcli has simply had fair play. They did no!; gag her. She eirbrndv into tho race of modern life notla'am strung hub free as othnrs to v/iu if aha knewhov.7. JTo-.v all thin must bring great comfort to tho Pontiff's heart. What has been done in the United Statr-.: nan be dona anywhere else in the world, For according to this crucial test. l.ho Church ban proved herself as well fitted to ineofc the exigencies of the nineteenth century as shc waa to meet those of the fourth and the twelfth. Bear rev brethren, what more need be said ? If the Church is vigorous, and masculine in her action, according to the testimony of foes and friend ; if the independence of the Pontiff is not far off ; if Catholicity has power to maka nuch way in one of the forenicst countries of the new world ; if the Church, which Peter guides,, is so fully equal to the emergency of modern life, and to the solution of modern doubts — why heed the Pontiff fear ? Wide-spread infidelty is the foe ho has to meet His gigantic force may be looked upon as, as it were, the measure of that which it was constructed to oppose Powerful, ubiquitous, and aggressive ia tho enemy ; but Peter is more energetic still ; his forces are better organized, possess g; eater weight of rn-jtal, and more power of endurance. Lot us pray, then, fervently, that the God of battle, the Lord of war, may direct our present Holy Father and bo his leader ; so that, with the pov/er of grace, and through the efficacy oi' prayer, as v/ell as by means of the wedge of logic, he may reduce Uioso who stand against him to the obedience of faith, and prove.him self, in their regard and also iu ours, to be that. ' ' Lumen in Ccelo' foretold by Holy Malachy. That our Lord and Master may bo moved to guide his Vicar upon earth, for tho good of souls and the glovy oi: His Cross 1 hereby di . r.ect : — 1\. That for the future the name Leo XI IT. be used in public prayers and in the Canon of the Mass in the Dioceses of Sydney and Armir' J dale. ' 2. That in every Church or Chapel of chc said dioceses, a solemn ' To Bcion' bo cuug if possible,, or. recited ac the principal Masa on Sunday, aftei* the reception of this fetter, : , . 3. That the Collect ''Pro Papa,' be substi tuted for that ' Pro digendo mmmo Pontifice' 4\. That the Hymn, Come liohi Ghost, &c;, be continued till Low Sunday. t 110GER BEDE, Archbishop of .Sydney and Administrator Apostolic of Arraid.ile. Sydney, i'Vjbmary 22nd, 1878. 