Erratic Philosophy. . By a Peripatetic. The reported probability of the appointment of the Duke of Buckingham and Chandos to be Governor of Victoria is interesting. Hitherto no one of the colonies has got higher than a marquis ; and now a real duke for the most democratic of our group. I presume the idea is that such a tremendous dignitary wuTawe Victorian democracy into order. I doubt whether the idea will succeed. Imagine, if ? you please, the prodigious popularity attainable by Mr. Berry, or any other fervid patriot who would, on the altar of his country, tweak a duke's nose (metaphori cally speaking), and defy the bloated alien in, the interests or bunkum and liberty. Mr. M'Elhone is not, as a politician, a man who ig i likely to win much favour from people who appreciate elegance and good taste ; but really I think there are instances in /which the hon. member's Press critics are hypercritical. For example, an apologist for Mr. Gar rett assails Mr. M'Elhone's want of good taste and even of decency in making charges against the absent Garrett. For my own part I think such refinements supremely ridiculous. Mr. M'Elhone cannot be charged with timidity, or with never speaking his mind to a man's face. In the case I refer to, Mr. M'Elhone's charges are not insidious hints, but straightforward denunciations, 'with proof tendered. If this be bad taste, so it is bad taste to lay an -information for embezzlement at the Police Court against an absent gentleman who has -retired to Callao or Fiji. As the matter stands it is apparent that either Mr. Garrett has betrayed a trust 'which should elevate any man to at least a temporary sense of honourable obligation, or that Mr. M'Elhone has calumniously brought a charge, which, if unsus tained, will revert the deepest dishonour Upon his own character. Li such cases, unless the gentleman at Callao returns to clear himself, the party laying an formation is not, as a rule, properly chargeable with bad taste. But Mr. M'Elhone should, having gone so far, be bound over to prosecute. In other words, he must go on, and move that the ex-Minister for Lands J-e impeached for malfeasance Mr. Garrett's apologist writes that the inconveni ence of his absence will be felt by all. Such absences are generally regarded as inconvenient by all except the absentee himself. All things considered, the sooner an amendment of the Licensing Laws is carried through Parliament the better it will be for the community. Now that tke assembling of magistrates on the occasion of a licensing meeting of the Bench has become little \Hstinguish able from a diggers' ' roll up ' to struggle for a dis puted claim, it is time something were done. At a recent meeting I am told that two or three convivial magistrates were observed turning back their cuffs at one period of the proceedings, and that the language used by the defeated faction in retiring was worth about thirty pounds sterling to the revenue at the statutory rate of 5s. per oath. I observe that we are shortly to be favoured with the music of the spheres by a pianist who declares himself to be controlled by musical spirits, who direct his fingers on the keyboard of the pianoforte. This will be playing con tpirito with a vengeance. If Mozart, Beethoven, and other departed composers control the medium, as I suppose we shall be asked to believe, and make as poor a business of it in the musical line as Bacon, Shakspeare, and others have in the philosophical and literary line, when recalled from the other world, I doubt whether the thing will be worth hearing. Apropos of the spirit business, every one who has paid the slightest attention to the subject is aware how adroit have been the excuses respecting contra dictory and imperfect communications. Difficulty of communicating, heavy tables, &c;, is a constant plea. How comes it that our departed friends do not avail themselves of the discovery of the telephone or microphone ? Unless we shortly have ghosts yelling third-rate philosophy through the microphone, like exaggerated banshees with a taste for discussion, it strikes me they may as well shut up altogether. What a blessing it is that the inventors of the telephone, phonograph, and microphone, were not professional mediums ! They might have given- such demonstrations with these appliances that none but absolute bigots and dull fools could have refused to believe the evidence of their senses in favour of Spiritualism. And when the secret leaked out at last, what a gay time it would have been for the bigots and dull fellows. Snobbism nearly as often is the result of being descended from a distinguished race as of having ascended from an obscure origin. I have been acquainted with a third-rate auctioneer's assistant who was grandson of an earl bearing one of the most ancient historical titles in England, and he was an utter snob. His extraction had made him offensively supercilious, without being at all too proud to do dirty tricks in the mock-auction line. A cad of this description experienced a wholesome snub recently. Fitzurse — in the. retail soft-goods line — was bragging ' on top of a crowed 'bus about the splendours of his boyhood. ' 'We are the Loamshire Fitzurses,' he remarked. 'The house where I was born was quite a landmark. Could see it from the road. Sixty windows faced the highway. Any one from Loamshire could tell you about it. It wa» called' — ''The Workhouse?' mildly suggested a soft- voiced person who had been listening with every appearance of deferential awe. The scion of the Loamshire Fitz urses got down at the next street-corner, and gave shockingly short yards to customers all that day. I did not grace the opening of Parliament with my presence, and have reason to believe that the pro ceedings were not perceptibly marred by my absence. But I did meet a detachment of artillery marching, en retraitc, into George-street, and I was struck with admiration at the grand tones in which their officer commanded the party to ' left shoulders forward ! right wheel.' There is no economy about our arrangements, or the authorities would not permit so grand a voice to shoot to waste over a mere handful of men. It seemed to me a crying shame that there 1 had not been an entire regiment to use up the spare roar, which reverberated in the furthest recesses of Chinese cook-shops in the vicinage. I observe that some well-informed person has noted that of the fifteen diplomatists who atttended the Berlin Congress ten are Masons. This enables me to understand why they were all engaged in trying to chisel one another. Calico balls have, as a writer in the Echo remarks with much justice, been sadly perverted from their original design, which was that the material of the dresses should be handed over to the poor. Still, the fact that the dresses are calico, even though unsuit able for secondary use, should leave a balance in the purses of those who attend available for direct gift to the chaiity to be benefited. I trust, therefore, that Jeames was in error when he reported the costume of the first lady in the colony to have been of rich velvet and costly laces ; for, if that were so, Mrs. Noo Vaureech and her tribe will never condescend to calico again, whereby there will be less available for subscriptions. In connection with, this subject, I note that a lady in America recently gave a party, and appeared before her guests in paper garments, to show that she could dress well at a cost of four shillings. I don't care for economical novelties myself, unless they present some thing of practical utility. It may do very well for a lady to present herself in paper finery at her own house, but I don't see that the material would be available for guests. Imagine the effect of going home through the rain. Attendant cavaliers would have to exercise the foresight of providing themselves with spare sheets of brown paper wherewith to make parcels of their lovely but pulpy charges. We shall shortly be left with not a vestige of our old institutions. The impious hand of the rash innovator has been laid on the homely ploughing-match now. At a place called Karabeal (heretofore obscu^ but celebrated henceforth) the ladies present at the match were called upon to decide which of tke com petitors was the handsomest man. Here was a re versal of the Judgment of, Paris with a vengeance. The fail' ones did. not shrink from the task. The 'beauty prize' was awarded to A. Wilson, and thp other competitors would have to take their revenge bv distancing the victor at the ancient sport of grin ning through a horse-collar. In this innovation I foresee the decline of ploughing matches; In future the ploughing will become but a secondary consideration,- and the fields will be filled with graceful perpetrators of crooked furrows, intent only upon submitting their elegant figures and handsome features to the critical examina tion of the fair umpires. The causes for complaint which colonial con stituencies manage to muster are often singular and occasionally grotesque. The residents of CJueens cliffe, Victoria, are in a ferment, because there is no coroner in the place, and no magis trates to take the duties ordinarily devolving upon a coroner. The Melbourne Age naively remarks that ' great inconvenience is felt in the district for ' want of the official in question.' There is something grimly diverting in this, conveying, as it does, the idea that the Queenscliff people 'are anxious to enjoy sudden death, and are put to the inconvenience of dying in their beds in a commonplace manner, in consequence of no provision having been made for providing the comforts of post-mortems under more striking circumstances of final exit. 