) OUE AMATEUE THEATEICALS AT ) BOOLONQ-. ( He jests at sears who never felt a wound — rojibo. « One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, ( of B oolong, had of his youthful days, he used to deelare, J was when he made his first and only appearance as an \ actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at his \ own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad C conceived that he was bom to be an actor — to tread the f boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it f was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar ilehut. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney ) managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing V red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" . at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the ' bull by the horns" and get up a company of his own down at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense ) in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having ) scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do the thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a kind r of scratch company, many ol: them like himself, raw am- ' r bitious amateurs, c.ager " to fret their hour upon the ) stage," and one or two see ly outcasts of the |pro£ession ; and he looked forward to the production of his pet play, ) " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitemeut, , f hot unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about .a / month's constant rehears.al, were pretty perfect in their ) words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of f them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was / intoxicated, and the JCing' likewise ; 'Ojjluilja, an amateur, , \ burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen ( lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who ) assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this \ was not the worst, for Ranbury found that when the bills r came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, ) and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, \ " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on credit, because ' they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- ) ist, would pay them, but I knew very well he would do no i such thing when he found they were for theatrical trap pings, for if there was one thing he, held in abhorrence it , ) was the theatre." What was he, to do ? His uncle would V disinherit him, turn himbiit of the house he had furnished for him, and send,. him' adrift bh the world. What was he ) to do ? His creditors would not .wait ..and he would be a . miserable pauper. . But -for all this he did not lose his house, and his poor uncle's fortune ia in the bank in his ) name, thanks.to. the timely. aid. of one w/m is a friend to the drama as well as tothe rest of the world, who .advanced him the neeclfuh. Need we say his name. No ; all know ) him I But we inay as \vell remark ut was the ehaingnon . of the distressed, DAVID HENRY, of 152- Collins street east. ' Who, has from ,£5 to .£10,000 to.lend onnotesof hand, bills ) of s.ale (with or without security), salary orders, life policies, certific.ates,'deeds, bill of lading, iBg.acies, goods, ) merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- ) :sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., , repaj'able to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills discounted d.aily at the lowest rate of interest, .and \ mortgages from G per cent. 