[ MURDER OF A CHINAMAN AÎ WALLERAWANG. I [Bt Teleoiumi.] . [FROM OUR OWN CORBESPOÍTDÍÍt»,] . ^ LITHGOW. Mom« Ma. Neale. Tolice Magistrate, held on inquiry i< AVallerawang, to-day, concerning tie death of t Chinaman named Ah Voy, whoso body ow» bui covered with wounds at Willewa Creek, on Jriiij last. Thodteceased had a mate named Quon Hot nnd they followed the occupation of diraes,' living in a hut by themselves. Quon Hoy states that a quarrel aroso between theo, during which they como to blows, when Ah Voy seized a knife and tried to stab him. A strugtls ensiled, in whioh ho got possession of tho knife ¿4 stabbed Ah Voy. lie then aventtotho hut of toro other Chinamen and told them what had occurred, Theroova9 no other evidence criminating him butha own admission. The body of the deceased, howerer is terribly hacked, and a butchcr'B chopper sraj founJ in the hut, covered ovith blood. The jury returned . verdict of wilful murder against Quon Hoy, Mns. Scott-Siddoxs's Benefit.-Tho beneStoHhtl deservedly popular actress took place at the Thud» Royal yesterday es-ening, and of course there was ti excellent house. The piece selected by Jin. Brett-' Siddons was " Ingomar, the Barbarian," in which she sustained the character of Parthenia, supported by Mr. G. D. Chaplin as Ingomar. It would be oatof place, now thut Mrs. Scott- Siddons is about to ter- minate a long and successful dramatic season in thii city, to attempt any minute criticism on ha porforraanco of what is evidently ona of hu favourite ports; it is quito sufficient to st; that her rendering of tho high-souled Greelt maiden was such as to draw forth round after round oi applause, and that she was called before the curtain», the conclusion of every act. At the end of the pkf Mrs. Soott-Siddons returned thanks for the reception she had met with ever since she had been in Sydney, and promised to say farosvell on Wednesday cveninj, when she will make her lost appearance. Mi. Chip lin's Ingomar ia a ovcll-Btudied performance, and mil among his best efforts. It is a peculiarity of thit pla] that none o£ the other characters have much promi- nence, but the several parts, minor ns they «re, weil ovdl represented. Mr. South, as Polydor, madethemotl of the opportunity of exhibibiting his comic potten, Mr. AVelsh pourtrayed Miron, the father of Panhenii, os-ith considerable effect, especially in the ifttrad act where he appears as slave to the barbarian bind; ana Mr. AVest ntado the most of the part of Alaitor. Hill Melville, too, ovas au excellent Acten. The amistara Soldene Company gave an admirable üuitifiañat til dancing of the " Sara" troupe. ENTERTAINMENT AT WOOLLAHRA.-A âlWlltfo entertainment in aid of a distressed family it Woollahra was given last night at the Oddfellow Hall of that Borough. The object was good, id there was a large und exceedingly good tempered audience. The first piece was " Self-accusauoa or a Brother's Love," a drams in two nt», which contains plenty of thrilling incidents, and which was for amateurs tolerably well rendered; Special credit is due to Miss Forrerter, a young lady who seems to possess «onie nitnrj) dramatic power, for her acting of the part of Mir) Brandon-one of those remarkably good gilli via pass through great tribulation, and merge st hit into supreme happiness when they marry the lover of tieil choice. The entertainment was undertaken bytha local amateur dramatic society, and the memoes certainly deserve praise for the way in which "Bett" accusation " was produced, all things considered, These remarks apply likewise to the lecondpie» "How to die for Love," a pleasing little comedy. B is satisfactory that there will bo a margin of profitleB after all expenses have been poid. St. Francis's Hall.-Yesterday evenmg,«n enter- tainment was given in this hall ia sid of t loa! charity. Two or three hundred persons were pmer* Tlie first piece on the programme was Citivsu Wiseman's " Hidden Gem," a drama in two act», na this waa very fairly enacted by several ei-ltudentio! Lyndhurst College, and by members of St. Fnncui Juvenile Guild, and afforded much amusement to ta audience. The " trial scene" from the " Metctat« t Venice," by the Garrick Amateur Dramatic Clift was the next piece on the programme, a hugill» farce, entitled, "Moko your Wills," being tie 1« item on the card. St. Francis's band played eelectw during the intervals between the different pirti of uj entertainment, which was evidently much enjoy» »J those present. Gunn Library.-An advertisement ekewhoe>tM nounces that Mr. D'Arcy Read, the propnetor OfU* Ghost entertainment, has promised to give i«w» to the proposed Guild library on next wefa«B evening, the 17th instant. The members anawa« are invited to be present. As the seasonis now aw* ingto aclose.it will be well for all those who U» not seen Mr. Read's rosily clever and pleaiingentef tainment, to avail themselves of this opportunity. . A Gymnasium.-A meeting of gentlemen into«» in having a properly organized é7?«»f.,ll,lffl was held yesterday afternoon at Waneenhemi W» in Castlereagh- street. After a bnef conwn»»» discussion it was decided that an. extendediesM » from seven to twenty years should be P«0",T",,;:' piece of land in Crown-street, Woolloomooloo, wM» it is proposed to erect suitable butog»; T. architect, Mr. Baokhouso, submitted; plans W "J erections required, and it was agreed that aeon« of 300 shares at £5 each should be iami.^ proceedings then terminated. 4 - - . Tub Late Massacre at Naw Caledo^-A»1" glad to find that several leading firms intitwwa the New Caledonia trade are intewshng.^"^T aid of the sufferers hythe latecold-Moodedffl»«*» Subscription lists, we understud, hive »F sented to the chief busineis people m byuey,^ have been liberally responded to. A "fJBLf several gentlemen was held yesterday at the <**« Messrs. Montefiore and Montefiore, *n»*'C agreed that the foUowingshoujd form a ^tM*1¡I. Captain V. H. Trouton, Bon S. Samnel, Meffl»^ cier and Adet, Montefiore and Montefiore, C»0 Broomfield, Mr. E. B. Holt-manager df the Baw New'Zealand, Messrs. A. Lcvemer, A. C.W«w . Henochsberg, W. Dolman, and A. J. Spice* ) scriptions will be received by any of the siore^p. the 19th instant, and the amount fe ffdÄd, Mayor of Noumea by next mail. Mea ra Mgg¿ and Co., of Macquarie-place, who have largo ou» relations with New Caledonia, ^^Att* to raise funds so as to forward prompg**^, sufferers. We understand thathey"have w*¿, collected something like £100. AfM ol caUed yesterday evening at the .{TP^V|,uttli-' those willing to assist in the chantable wort, » advertisement, which was anonymous, was no ^ , sponded to. , Á » '.", Bmvnby.-A telcgrarn from m^SS states that a testimonial of a P*"^"£i«í* together with a gold medal,X £ch C°mmeiciil AT Whorrie, manager of the .J"T0?^^««» Bank in that township. *If ^f^Stwd wi ' hon. secretary of &°*h?»%J^T¿a»3*ti ' Pastoral Association. The presentation »»» ««- ". .Mr. J. R, ttlasaont 