IN THE BARBER'S SHOP. Br FIGARO. "I have gathered a posie of other men's flower. and nothing but the thread that binds then, . mine Owo."-MONTAIGae. U FIND that the fame of the South LYarra ghost has become more than local. Many persons who have no con nection with the district have inquired of me whether I have seen it, or whether I know anyone who has. To each of these queries I have had to give a negative answer. And, as a matter of fact, I can't find anyone who has seen it. I should be very little surprised to learn' that, after all, thin story of a ghost is a pure canard-a stupid hoax, set afloat by some silly person for no better reason than to create a nine days' wonder. I hope it will now die out. Shortly after the death of Mr. U. P. Smith I urged the then Government to release poor Supple. They didn't see fit to do this, for which I hold they were censurable. Whatever reasons there might have been for keeping Supple in confine ment during the late Mr. Smith's lifetime, they seemed to me to disappear after that gentleman's death. It is with extremeI satisfaction I now learn that the present Ministry have decided to end Supple's incarceration. They hold that in his case justice has been amply avenged, and I cordially agree with them. This act of clemency will be a " good mark " for the Berry Administration. Mr. Derbin Willder has evaded the punishment inflicted upon him by a court of law for his violently partisan conduct during the late West Melbourne election, it having been decided, on appeal, that a private person has no power to prosecute in such cases. You will not fail to note that Mr. Willder's escape is secured by a pure technicality, which takes no notice as to whether he was guilty or innocent of the charge on which he was convicted. About that you must form your own opinion. What mine is, I daresay you can pretty closely guess. If Mr. Willder's action had not tended to serve the ends of the dominant political party, do you inagine he would have been thus white washed ? I can't believe you are quite so " green " as that l li the game worth the candle ? I refer to the benefit accruing to the funds of the Mellbourne Hospital from the late annuial ball;..Out of £l743 received, the benefit remaining is only £92. All things con Bidered, it seems to me that this is an extravagant way of securing such a sum. Thdrefore, I think the question with which I commenced this paragraph must be answered in the negative. 1 imagine very few persons, like myself, were aware of the fact that up to the last few days we had a letter- carrier in Toorak who was the son of aLord and the nephew of a Marquis. Yet by the death of Mr. William Sackville Gordon we learn that such was the case. How it came to pass that Mr. Gordon should have fallen from his high social position into so low a status I don't know, and don't care to enquire. It's quite enough for me to be assured that the " extreme need " of his widow is not owing to " improvident habits " on his part. And this being certified to by one "John Whiting," who seems to know something about poor Gordon's affairs, will, I trust, be suflicient to induce the charitably-disposed to extend a liberal helping hand to Mrs. Gordon, so that she may be enabled to carry out her desire to proceed to her relatives in England. I may remind such that Cr. Bowen and the Toorak postmaster will gladly receive thear contributions; or, if more convenient, they can leave them at the office of this paper. The good people of Prahran were taken very much by surprise this week on learn ing that the Bev. William Moss has do cided to relinquish the pastorate of the Prrhran Independent Church, in order to fill the position of superintendent of the Blind Asylum.* I've neither time nor space at my disposal now to do more than thus curtly allude to the subject; but I may direct attention to a letter, printed in another column, urging that' some public recognition of the esteem in which the rev. gentleman is held by all classes of the community should be made to him. The Chief Secretary doesn't approve of our junior member's way of sugar-conting his bitter oratorical pills. Mr. Carter has, he says, a nasty habit of "saying un pleasant things in a pleasant manner." Well, it's all a matter of taste, no doubt, but I think the majority of people prefer Mr. Carter's way to Mr. Berry'e knack of saying " pleasant things in an unpleasant manner,"-just as they would prefer hav ing a surgical operation 'performed whilst under the influence of chloroform. A customer has kindly sent me this ex tract from a lately-received London news paper:-" The landlord of the Black Raven, Bishojwgato-street [London], sent to the Mansion-house [in aid of the Hospital Sunday Fund] a box containing nearly 78. in coppers, together with a note to this effect-' This tin box has been put forward in every case, for two months past, when a customer made use of blasphemous lan guage, &c.;, and a fine of one penny en forced by the barmaid. Were this done in every publichouso in London, the Hospital Sunday Fund would be largely augmented, and swearing proportionately diminished.'" I like this idea, and think it might be advantageouslr adopted in this colony. Will our pubbcans take the hint P But I can't exactly see the logic of the last sentence in the above-quoted letter. For if the fund is largely increased, sawear ing will have to be largely indulged in; and in proportion as it is diminished, so the fund will grow " small by degrees snd beautifully less. It may be objected by some persons to such a measure for diminishing swearing, that it's only a palliation of the habit, not a cure. Well,. palliation even, in such a case, is worth obtaining. But there is this to be said in favour of the plan. The use of blasphemous language is condemned by the most inveterate indulgers therein, who usually extenuate their employment of it by the plea that it has become to them a second nature. Therefore: a pecuniary mulct for every breach of good manners in this respect would tend to makestle most inveterate offenders cautioss, and in time they might come to realise how exceedingly ugly a habit is that of indulging in blase heiemous language-to say nothing of its 'ickedness. I remember an instance where a con siderable amount of good was brought about by a self-inflicted fine of this charac ter. A recently-arrived clergyman, fond of athletics, joined a club not a hundred miles from Melbourne, devoted to one branch of athletic sports. His sense of propriety was shocked bylmany of the members indulging in the thoughtless use of improper language. Instead of at once shaking the dust off his feet on that club, he set to work to try and remedy the evil. He spoke to several of his fellow-members on the subject, and they entered into an agreement with him that for every oath uttered a penalty of half-a-crown should be paid. I can testify from my own knowledge that the habit was thus greatly diminished. Many a half-crown have I seen handed over, with some such exclama tion as this, " There goes another 'half'; however, it serves me right. I know better, and I ought to do better." Now, this may not in itself be a radical cure, but I'm of opinion it's well calculated to effect one in time. Not so very long ago I pointed out that I thought a large percentage of the illumi. nating power of our street lamps was wasted, owing to their tops being made of glass. A recent letter in the leading journal shows that I was correct in my supposition. This short extract from it corroborates my view:-" All lamps waste half their light in radiation towards the sky. A simple reflector would return it towards the ground and double the illumi nation." Now if this plan were adopted one of two good results would follow either we should get double the light we now do o' nights, or we might reduce the expense of lighting the lamps we have one half- which :would allow of our councils responding more freely than they now can to the cry for " More light!" A letter addressed to me by a corre spondent, and which unfortunately got mislaid, and so didn't come into my posses sion until a few days ago, contains a couple of items worthy *of notice. *The writer says that his experience shows him that the idea is fallacious that boys attending colleges and the higher class of schools get a better education than those who go to state schools-at least, so far as spellmg is concerned. Herein I think my corre spondent is right. The second item refers to " the staff of life," concerning which he thus writes:-"' The general public, as a rule, insist upon being supplied with the whitast bread obtainable. A neighbour lately told me he had changed his baker because the bread he supplied for a few days was of a slightly dull colour. Now you know, sir, that it is in brown bread the greatest amount of nourishment is to be found, medical men pronouncing in favour of bread made from what is known as ' whole-meal flour !' When lately hav ing tea at a friend's house at Clifton-hill I was surprised to see brown bread in use not the common dry, chaffy, tasteless kind -and I was informed that a baker in the neighbourhood made it, and sold large quantities of it." My correspondent expresses the wish that some baker in this district would make and vend such bread, adding, "I would patronise him." I quite agree with my correspondent inthis matter too. In my opinion, a great proportion of the dyspepsia from which.so many people suffer is caused by a too free use of white bread, and more especially because they will not allow it to be a few days old before eating it. Possibly these few re marks mayinduce some of our bakers to consider whether they can't "turnx out " "whole-meal bread" that will retain a due proportion of moisture for three or four daysafter it comes from the oven. If they can I think it would pay them to do so. BECAO5E A PEBRON HAS A BAD COUGo it should not be inferred that Consumption has set in, although a case of consumption is rarely met with unaccompanied by a distressing Cough. Where, however, a disposition to Pulmonary diseases exflts, a Cough, If left to itself, strains and racks the lungs, wastes the general strength, and soon establishes an incurable complaint. In all coses, then, it is the safer plan to get rid of a Cough, Cold, or Hloarseness without delay, and for this purpose so remedy nats more promptly or surely, or with more benefit to the organs of the chest than Dr. Jayne's Expectorant, a medicine scientifically compounded from carefullv selected drugs, and which, on trial will always be found worthy of its world-wide reputation. .Amvec TO ltOTtEnS.--Ar eyou broken in you rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cut tingteeth? Go at once toa chemist and get a bottle of Mrs. Wesgowo' SoortNsa SYsur. It will re lieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child. it softens the gums, allays aSl pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best knows remedy for dysentery and olar rhien, whether arising from teething or sthir causes. Mrs WVinslow'o Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everwhere at Is Id per bottle. Manufootured at 493 Oxford-street, oundon. TnsoOa AErCTIONB AND HOARBEtN SB.a-All suf fering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be oereeobly surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the uso of" Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous 'losenges" are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at is li par hox. People troubled with a "hocking cough," a "slight cold," or bronociial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles if al lowed to progress, result in serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections. See that the words "Brown's Bronchial Troches" are on tse Goveri. ment Stamp around each bor.-Massnfuctured by JotN I. BRoWN & Sous, Boston. United States Depot, 493 Oxford-street, London. FLoEHLINE I-FoTE He TEETH AND BOaE TH.-A few drops of the liquid "Fioriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush proadces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeti from ail parasites or impurities, hardens the gumse prevents tartar stops plecey;gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly wilt ness, adb a delightful fragrance to the breath Itreimpves all unpleosant odour arising from de cayed teeth or tobocco smooke. " The Fragrant Fiorilinel" being composed in part of Honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the gaestest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s Ed; of all chemists and perfumers. Prepared by Elesor C. GiceUs, 493 Oxford-atreet, London. Is noo wMar i CooToomt at a reasohable price, without the "worry" of Dressmakers, call at Enwas GEaca's, 149 and 151 Bourke-street (op. p sHastern Arcade), and inspect his. STOCK, w~hereyoucan be suited from 12s 9d to 84,. also one of she largest and chitpesps:stltks of Ladies' and Olilldren's Jackets and Ulstorsa in the City-a Lidy's first-class Ulster at los. 9Se 