(?"OSPITTAL SUIND'KY. ,PRE9BYTERIAN C/cuicic; WILcLIcASTOWN. -In'the alisened of the Rev. Johnu Clark;its minister the Rev. 'James Ballantyie con. ducted the services'at this church;: .:The at tendance was very goad being supplemented to some extent by the members of the Wil liamstown Volunteer Artillery, who attended in:considerable numbers at parade under the commandof Captain Douch. Therev.gentle ims a t- it !cis "rxt fr:m Jljohn 5, Gv., the wootls ' tVtlt thou be mode whole," forming the subject of. his discourse. Speaking.'of. the pool of Bethesda, around which lay.'a great multitude of 'impotent, folk, blind, and half-withered; waiting for the angel, to .move the waters that he who should be first' tb reach would receive the miraculons.cure., He'coinpared it to agreat hospital; it was iii fact the hospital of Jerusalem, with this difference fromf titir in`stitutes that there only oric could he cured:at a time,-'and the'i oily at inteirvals ; hile our hospitalsdopej, alike to all, filled with the same kind'bf people; receiver the succour which medical skill and tender care could bestow to alleviate suffer ing huinanity." " Bethesda," : mbaning "House oof mercy" was a term which was applicable to our hospitals as well as to the pool at Jerusalem. The whole world, he sabd was a great hospital filled with the disease of sin in all its- vile forms, and as Christ appeared at Jerusalem hcalng' the "kick ?uid curingall kinds 'if "disbase, so does' he' "ow appear to' the world as the great -phyaician to heal our souls from the.maladly. 4t the conclusion of the sermon and'im 'teiliatslybhefore'th co'bllection thed preacher inidu an ?iarnest.anid stiring .appeal to the congregation to be liberal. ' He stated that since the institutions of the Hospital Sunday movemontnot less than .50,000 cases had 'been-treated at the hospitals. He said that' :" d o nbet"eherotl sesi? stnýnel r depros.-min, 'con?mirclal: matters and the scareity of 'money would make -it more diffialetforsome to be as-liberal as they had been in past years; but he.tritsted thiat alliwould exert tliemselves to iiiake' thih" Hospital Sunday: as great a success as'those of the past." ' The collectionli-liiuntel 'to £22 12s. 3d net. - - : ,- - ' . \-- -In the- evening-Mr. Ballantyne again oocu pied the pulpit. preaching, from the. words "The night cometh," John9, 4v. He spoke of the value of time, of 'the rapidity of its flight, : and'of the' danger of' delay;' particun; larly where' the interest~'of'the soul are cin cerned. The day is: passing ann the'night is soon coming therefore 'wP should'work, while .we have - opportunity real -life is earnest, has such been our experience r . We, have had opportunities of witnessing for Christ, have-we embraced them. Heaven is the home we' must strive to gain, evils:must be fought against. There is no such .:thing as standing still in the christian life, we, must go forward As competitors in the christiani race we' hise a goal t'o reach and :we must itress on and on, for ."the iight cometh," and the day will soon close ; we should prompItly aed diligently use the time we have and do God's. work. We should; watch- for the coming -of our Lord, for .we' know not when we may be called to.meet him. If we-are engaged in' his:workthe tidings of his coming will have no terror for us. These remarks,said the preacher,apply to those who have adopted the christian life, but to those who -have not' yet accepted Christ, he would say let'the thoucht fillyou with penitential sorrow.: '"The"' night cometh." jshould remind, the carel.es?'?`arer that there is yet timie Jesans, offers you pardon, free.andti everlasting. Be: wise, cpro crastinrate. no more, the' day, of salvation, is now, tuin"to, Calvary, look and thou shalt live. .This may be yourlast chatlce, perhaps your sunit may even now be going down,, therefore trifle not with your immortal interests. The evening's collection ainounted to ? £5 3s. 6d, this added to the sum of £22.12s. 3d received in the morning, together.with. '7 8s. 4d collected in the Sabbath School,. and £1 4s. collected at the branch school at. the Junction makes a total of,£36 8s. Id, to.be handed over to the charities, exclusive of a sum of £5 deductedl from the collections 'of the day for the church funds, as is customary. WVESLEYAN CHURCIH, WrILLIAasTOWN.' ' ,At this church the Rev. E. King, the pastor, preached, text-Matthew lceb. 4-5v. 8" Jesus answered and sai'l unto them, go and att hear, ted "a nre" raised up nd the poor hae' the gospel preached nnto them." - - ...-' After .some introductory . observations having reference to the circumstances under which John 'sent two -'of -his 'disciples to Christ with the enquiry " Art thou- he that should come' or look weo'for?auother." the preacher remarked -that the miracles :of Christ displayed not only power but' benevo. ldnce, and authenticated the Saviour's divine mission. Christianity. still"' displayse her heavenly origin by the beneficial spirit she breathes." 'Hospitals,-: asylums,; refuges .for the sick, the agel and the sorrowful :are' her creation- :, Pagamon 'knew iothing of these. Ancient Rome with its one: million two hindred thousand .inhabitants was without a hospital. : In Londonri 'at 'the gresent "day there are more than 300 of shch institutions. The dark places of: the earth:eveh in lands such as India and:China,;'which boast of an ancient civiliza'ion are the- habitations of cruelty. It has sometimes hbeen objected that professing christians offer a tract when they should give bread,.and in overzealous attention to the spiritual, neglect the corporeal: need of men. This is:an' unjust' aspersion. Amongst: t e' chief' promoters and 'most liberal "contributions: to our public charities are these who also care for the souls of their' fellow-men. - He then' dwelt upon the adlapta; tion-of the Gospel for the 'poor and especially for the: afflicted poor.: We: may go to- the' asylum for 'the blind,: and addressing our selves -to those, who-will never see the light of this sun, or gaze upon the face of a friend, tbll them of him who 'is the light of the world the ansun of righteousness. We may go to the deaf and dumb~iand thonugh they may never hear their mother's voice,' or the merry lauigh of :thesr'brothers anti- sisters, kll them offthe still smallvoicenof God-they say hear within,: andri though thui 'seal of 'iletice id npon their liis,'yet may they make melody is'their hearts unto the Lord. 'Ii yoiider great hospital- wemay gi'froni ward' o ward, and to those suffering from various ainlul maladies say, - . Th cart physiclan nwissr, The sympathlntsg Jesuis; ,, He speaks, the drooping heart to cheer, Oh hear the voieeof Jesus. Ve?miniiy speak to the aged. friendless nbw n our Benevolent Asylum of the friend that sticketh closer than a brother,: and to' the lear little iaufferers io our children's hospital, tell of Hi i:who still- beideth in 'tiercy over the little ones a'salitfi ¶'Of suih.iia the kingdomofrheavenl?"- All-haii- tothe-:good men aiid?women, whodan by day, week in and weektont aie minisstering th gspel to our suffering pooer.- He 'oncloded with urging tho clims of the goaspel. both upont the pooraud rich for their ready and grateful receptin. • HoLY TRINrvr Cunctsri, WretLtAc.srowN. The text in the morning was 1 John 4ch. lv., "Beloved if God so loved us, we ought ".co to love one another." The plreacher snosmencedby remarking: Benevolence may, and often does," exist without christianity, but christianity, if it be anyihiig more than a name, caunot exist without benevolence. "Pure religion, and unlefiled before God anid the Father is this, to visit the fatherless anid widows in their affliction and to keep himself unspotted from the world." Is gesuine effect is to soften down the asperities of our nature--:o purify and expand our affectitns, and elevate the thoughts into nearer conformity with the mind that was in Christ Jesus. "I was naked an-I ye clothed me; I was sick and ye visited me ; I wasin pison, and ye came unto me"-this is the test that will be rigidly applied iu the day when before " the great white throne" and Him who is seated thereon, shall be gathered all nations and kindreds and tongues. Had we love to the brethren ? Love to all umen, eveu our enemies ! Tmhat is the question love working upot earth, glorifying Christ in the world, and instigating those who wit nessed the good works, to glorify our Father who is in heaven. If we hadl not, then no matter what else we ihad. Tlhough we spako with the tongue of men or of angels, and understeood all mysteries, and all knowledge -yea, though we h:adl faith that could re m·ive mountains, yet beig destitute of tbia grace we are nothing. One of the most eminent of Alpostles assures us of this, and He, the divine master, willcoufirm the testi mnony of his servant. The five woulds of that glorified body, inflicted ulpoi Him for na men and for our salvation, in the day of His great humility-those wounds that will be visible to us, and call forth the praises of the redeemed throughout an endless eternity -will proclaim for ever anti' ever what His love was to us, and what ours, as the dis. ciples nf the Lord, ought to be to Himn atid to each other. Love put the cup of treinb lg in His hands forua Love, dictatedsub mission to -the cross; alove str,nger than death opendl the kingdom) of. heaven to telievers, uand has invited saniers of every grade to seek for plardon,' and aspire to be omade hsatkers of a blessed immortality. This theme-the love of God-was' then dwelt upli-týi'o s on exonfdiifid'proeseted to -thio-audience-.ih the diflerunt aspect .in "which itL has-been-exhibitel to us; first, as 'it is displyed., i..creatini;' anud, ecodly.iii, .rcd'umptiup. On hsiucl; a.subjct;'?lie2?aidi words .if. they. did, not altogether fail,.must.e be weak ianid iiiiideiita'fully to inforfm tsi It was adi;-'ays~ boonol the reach odfany created uiund- -a' stery, that' coulinot be' uttered by any human tongue. Before a single world had been called Into existence, or one of those ministering spirits had been formed; which now execute the commands of the Eternal, God was to himself the source of an ineffable satisfaction. The Father, the Son, and theoHolyt Ghost, were mutually and infinitely the fountain of happiness to each other. Nothing that subsequently had being could by possibility add to that happiness ;which was already perfect; for as such It was no less incapable of addition or of dliminution thla-iistiho lustre of that light inaccessible -inwhichGod dwelletli: Wh'athver theiefore He .did rea-te of thiiiga in-leaena ori'thitigs intearthr.visible and invisible;- whether they be thrones or dominions, or principalities or powers. Such creatiobnwas.but theeffluence thoincorporation and embodiment, so to speak of His love.. Out of: his filness were they all to receive,, anil'for; Him ' as in struments ini conveying: blessitig to others w'ere they to exist. But the Deit. did not restrict his work to spiritual-essenceo alone. There was a:zprog~iessain of creative-power. •God said,, Let there be light; and light was: Let there be a firmament to divide the waters that are above from the waters;that'are below it. And it was so. He" made the stars and rlti drflihnd, a-id'nnveiled thlie orbs of'heaven in -their beauty" And when' the earth and.stars and air. were teeming with! 'thiiib?ali " ima -tisesptivel, aidaptbid to them, He made man out eof, the.dust of. the earth,' iand idlatea hiifii a parailise 'of 'thei most exquisite enjoyment. What was the moving'wise'sof'.ll this!?. Of the'ersation'of. • mai sart^d-h-i.f-'o't ' ethe reator"tO "'it i Gove-free,' bounidless, unutterable' love. The steps of the fall were thei traced., " Sin' entered'the world and death by sii; and l'~i death passed upon all men for that all have sinned." But poor 'dust and ashes, though in subniission' to: its icevitable 'doom it lie down .in the darkgrave, is yettobe ire claiied'from corruption, and to 'be brought forth into glorious liberty.' It shall not' pass' for ever from the rememberance of Hini'who once moulded' it into' the form of man, but ,come forth from merited dishonour, and go back to live with God. Love has declared that it shall be.so, for " Gal is love," 'arid "God so 'loved the' worldthat' He 'gave 'HRi only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth' n Him shouldnot perish, but have evorlast ug life." 'This was the dclmination of the" love of God. -:The'gift of 'His only be otten' Son was the highest manifestation of which. 'it was capable. The, preacher then .briefly 'spoke of Christ's aitecedent dignity-of his humiliation-of the love that preeminently distinguished;his utterances and .h:s actions when in hlinanu' guise He.visited our:earth. What was it ,impelled his willing feet.to the palace of Caiap has, to the; judminent-hall of -Pilate, and thence to the ignominious Cross? The answer, is., He so'lovedus.'' There-, fo,re it was that 'He i'hd. i-i uldl have sum moned. ten legions o" angels ,to his instant' rescue, had it sopleaised Hii, -yielded him. self iil to the'mockeiuyof the pirple.'robe-td nsult and'td 'spitting-- to' the 'iails 'aid the spear, and the curse that.attached .to' him, that hanged iupioinatree:l y Ho'r s inade a curse for us, that we might be made happy -that we might be forgiven-that we might be glorified-thatuwe':mtght\be 'exalted to share the transcendant honours of His.throne:' He theii pressed ujipo his hearers the deduc tioniof the'Aj'stle froiic all this,"'We oiiguht also to love one another.", Love, he.wisiton to, sfiy 'vei: epaisive- a reflek pf 'the. gDrid niess of Him.who maketh his sii to shiine on the evil and' on the goid, iand'seiideth' rain upon the"just" and the unjust. It isa germ that is implinted from abovd unfoldiig' m:ore' and more until it is peifected in'heaven. 'Art thou a living member of Christ's body, who hast. freely'received! Then love will prompttheefreelytogive. • Itwasffortllepr.l vision of these comforts for our less favoumel fellow-colonista that tneir,contributions were. asked'that da3. He then drew attent'on to the Institutions which' Hospital Sunday' embraced within its scope. ' [We- had intended giving notices of the services on Hospital Sunday "at all 'the Churches in Williamstown and Footseray. Chron.] - Thefollowing collections in Churehae at Williams townand Footsireyc reported : •, ''..• -..:W1ILLIA3STfOWN.: .. oli'TrinityChurch ofEngland. £o813-s -. 7 d;Sunday- school, £1 Ili. 7d. . P!.. 0 2 Presbiyterian hurlch, f27-15s. Od - Sun- : t ! 'day-·hoo. £7 Ss. ; JunctionSchool, Lids. , " -.. . s s"8 ' Congregational Chlurch. " ' 16'4 SSt. Mary's Roman Catholic Church. 12"0 4 WYesleyan Church, ll is Ild; Sabbath school. £2 1s. Id;-.Skeleton Creek :Church,£ A. .. ' , iB o .e as' Welsh Church. £0."'Band b fiii Hoiies i. 72' 20 ' f' OOTJCIIAY .: " . St.John's (Church of England) Church''' ' ' S"and Sunday-school:, - " : , r i t1A £ ,3.9 'Picesbyteriti Chureh,,£14 9Os: d S; 8und-ay " 'school, £3i10s d. ," :" ,r18 0O 0 SKeeslsgton-hill Chrch' (Church'of Eng land) 5. . 14'5 Wesleyan .Chureh,,£3i 0: 10e;dSundayi; :i' ' '?chool sl2.1 - 5,1110 Yarrallio Church'.and,' Stindy-school:, '(Church of Englad) ' . 4 I : 5 