ABSTRACT OF NEWS. BeaisUr Office. SeDtember S. i'neri.fll.b. Sum arrived August 9 at 2h. 15ai. a.ui.T bringing English letters and pipers to July 5 and telegrams via Galle to July 24. The passage from Galle was made in 15 davs minutes at King George's Sound. This b the quickest on record. The London mail waa also conveyed hither in 33 days 20 hours 30 minutes (allowing for difference of longitude), being the quickest passage hitherto made. The Orient steamer Aconcagua arrived from Melbourne August 14, and sailsd for Europe the next day. Iiiformation lias been received by telegram of the departure of the JR.M.S. Assam from Galie for Adelaide August 22, with English mails to AngJist 2. His Excellency Sir 'William Jervois, Laly Jervois, and family, arrived August 14 by the Orient steamer Lusitania, having left London June 28, and Plymouth July 1. A full-dress levee was held by Sir 'William Jervois at Government House August 28, and on the same day Lady Jervoia held a drawing rcom. Both were very largely attended. His Excellency's staff has been appointed, consisting of Mr. Thomas Snow, M.A., Private Secretary ; Mr. John. Jervois, B.S., Provincial Aide-de-Camp ; and Captain Henry Gardner Debonaire Haggard, Extra Aide-de-Camp. The resignations of Sir Thomas Elder, the Hon. ~\Y. Everard, the Hon. 'W. Storrie, and the Hon. T. English have caused vacancies in the Legislative Council. The following candidates were nominated August 26 :— Dr. A. Campbell, Messrs. J. Hodgkiss, Rupert Ingleby, Q.C., A B. Murray, J. Pickering. H. Scott (Mayor of Adelaide),'W. D.Scott, J. B. Spence, E. Vaaghan, and C. B. Young. The election will take place September 10, the whole colony voting as one contsituency. A large meeting of electors took place in the Town Hall, August 20, to hear the views of the candidates for the four vacant seats in the Legis lative Council. Eleven candidates addressed the meeting, and answered a number of questions previously submitted to them in writing. A majority of hands was shown for Dr. A. Camp bell. Messrs. Hodgkus, Iugelby, Martin H. Scott (Mayor of Adelaide), Bpence, and Young. The Hon. J. Colton has resigned his seat in the Assembly as the representative of Noarlungi on account of ill-health. The nomination of candidates to fill the vacancy has been fired for September 10, and the election September 14. The tender of Mr. John Robb has been accepted for the construction of a breakwater and jetty at Victor Harbour at a cost of £107,457 17s. lOd. \- The promoters of the Commercial Bank of South Australia have allotted the shares and secured eligible premise* in King William street for conducting its business transactions. The following officers have been elected by the shareholders-.— Directors— Messrs. J. Beck, R. A. Tarlton. A. Tennant F. A. Grant, and J. C. Veico; Auditors— Messrs. W. S. Douglas and Jas. Storrie. In consequence of the low price of copper all operations at the Wallaroo Mine except the pumping were stopped last week. This has thrown 500 men out of work. The employes at tba Kurilla Mine, Yorke's Peninsula, have voluntarily agreed to a reduction of 10 per cent. on their wages on account of the depression in the money market. A large portion of 14,000 tons of rails that lately arrived from England for the Port Augusta railway have been condemned as of such inferior quality as to be unfit for use. The Government have consequently sent instrnstions by telegraph to the Agent-Geraral in London that any money unpaid to the con tractors should be stopped, and that the Con ralting Engineer and his Inspectors should not be employed, perding further enquiries. The leases of thejtf oolooloo and Cowarie run«, containing an area of 2,092 square miles, lately held by Mr. W. B. Rounsevell, and stocked with 47,151 sheep and 2.000 head of cattle, have lately been sold by auction, with the live stock, for £56,664. A dispute having originated between the Council of Education and the Hon. N. Blytb, Minister of Education, respecting payment of an extra charge to a contractor for building a .school at Hindmarth, the following members of the Council hare resigned : — Dr.'A. ^Camp bell, Messrs. Barlow, A. von Treaer, and Salom A public meeting was held iu the Town Hall, August 28, to consider the Government proposals for an income and property tax, and * resolntion was carried affirming th»t the meeting was opposed to a tax upon incomes derived from mental or manual labour. Efforts are being made to bring under the notice of the Parliament and the pablis the suitability of Marino for as outside hirhour as a port of call for ocean steamers. It has been resolved to erect a cew eliSca apon the sire of Trinity Chnrcb. Dr. Mayo hat subscribed £1,000, and Miss DiCosta £50.) towards the building fund. The Government have made arrangements with the authorities in Sydney for a renewal of the existing Customs convention relating to go*ls wnt hither np the Murray. The present agree ment will terminate December 15, 1S7S, and the new one in December, 1S79. The steam dredcer Sarnia has bean built for the Government at Port Adelaide. Her measu ?? - ments are 116 feet length, 21 in extreme breadth, «Jd 10 feet m depth. The engine is 30 horse f°!!tr: i,This ' the largest vessel hitherto milt in the colony. The underwriters of Adelaide hare presented i silver silver and 100 sovereigns to Captain Uston. (of the ship City of Adelaide, in ?ecognition of his skill in bringing his disabled resselinto port last year. B' ? An explosion of 1? cartridges of H&ofrtcteor; | occurred on the Lake Hamilton run, August 7, by ; which nine men, forming a fencing party, were : severely injured. Th« lithofracteur, being ;very hard on account of the cold weather, was ;pot by the fire in a bag to dry while the men were in tamp taking their breakfast, but it is conjectured that a percussion cap had been mixed with the cartridges. A similar accident took place at Millicvnt, August 22. Robert Holton was drying eight charges of lithofracteur in a cannister by the fire when they exploded and he sustained severe injuries in the back and legs. The hut was completely destroyed. During the first six months of this year the Halle tt and Mount Bryan District Councils paid for 219,193 scalps of rabbits. The general opinion is that nothing but a compulsory Act will effect the ? ^termination of the pests. The Rabbit Meat Preserving Company shipped to London 41,760 lbs. of rabbit meat by the Ouzco, and 61,200 lbs. by the Aconcagua. The ratepayers of the District of Hallett have sanctioned a shilling rate to assist in ex terminating the pests from that part of the country. Several instances of burglary have lately occurred at Port Adelaide and other places. A considerable deficit has been discovered in the accounts of the North Adelaide Co-operative Society for the quarter ended Jane 30. A change of managers has consequently been made. A fire broke ont on the premises of Messrs. A. Pond & Co., vinegar manufacturers. West terrace, August 13, at 2 a.m_, which did considerable damage to the stock, but wai ex tinguished in about three-quarters of an hour. Estimated loss, £1,000. The Hon. J. Pearce has engaged to supple ment to the extent of 25 per cent, all amount* raised within the municipality of Kaponda duiiBg the next 12 months in aid of the Kapunda Hospital. A company has been formed to supply Port Adelaide with building-stone from the Drj Creek. The attention of the Government has been directed to the extensive destruction of the wattle- tree by stripping it of the bark. It is proposed to set apart reserves for its cultivation. Dr. J. Davies Thomas has commenced i course of twelve lectures on ' Elementary Physiology' in connection with the University of Adelaide. Preliminary arrangements have been made by the Independent Order of Oddfellows for the formation of a Grand Lodge in connection with the Order in this colony. The Government have intimated their in tention to ask Professor Tate, of the Adelaide University, to visit the North, and to report upon the best means of conserving water there. They also intend procuring boring apparatus fot artesian wells. Mr. S. Higgs, J.P., has commenced a series oi lectures on ' Mines aud Mining' in connection with the Chamber of Manufactures. At a large meeting of citizens held in the Town Hall August 15 to consider the applica tion of the. Promoters of the Holdfast Bay Railway Company to carry the line over the Park Lands it was resolved that the Company be allowed to do so on condition of the payment of an annual rent and that no railway buildings should be erected on the Park. The foundation-stone of the Albert Bridge over the Torrens to connect the eastern part of the city with North Adelaide was hud by His Worship the Mayor Angust 20 in the presence of a large number of citizens. The cost of the bridge will be £8,100, and the contractor expects to complete it by the end of March, 1879. The foundation-stone of the residence and schools for the Roman Catholic Society of Christian Brothers, to be erected at the corner oE Wakefield and Ackland streets, was laid by the Roman Catholic Bishop (Dr. Reynolds) August 15. The City Council have leased the Old Ade laide Racecourse on the East Park Lands to a newly formed Jockey Club for a term of 21 years, at £100 per year, to-be reduced to £50 per year when the Club has spent £2,000 on buildings. ? The required number of shares in the Port Adelaide Market Compaay have been taken up, and operations- have consequently been com menced.' ' The Adelaide and Suburban Railway Ccm ppuy have authorized the Directors to issue an additional 3,000 £5 shares. The foundation-stone of the new German Club-House, Pirie-street, was laid August 19 by Mr. F. Basedow, M.P. Robert Whyte, a painter, left his lodgings at Mount Gambler during the night of August 12, amd for more thau a week was sot found, though the country for miles round was searched and many wells and caves in the neighbourhood were dragged. The body was at .lest discovered in a large cave in tbe centre of the town used for drainage purposes. White had been drinking herd previous to his death. 1 he Chinese Famine Relief Fund now amounts to about £1.500. It is intended to close the subscription list September 20. A fire broke out in Brown & Thompson's timbei-yard, Waymouth- street August 18, by which a number of deals, valued at from £150 to £2C0, were destroyed. The fire is supposed to have been caused by some boys who were seen rusniBg away from the premises. Sheepshearing is now pretty general through out the country, and the yield is reported as satisfactory in most districts. A telegram recently sent from Adelaide at 3.30 p.m. was received in London at 2 p.m. the same day, the longitudinal difference in time being 9lL 15m. A scarcity of farm servants capable of holding the plough has been felt in some of the agri cultural districts. Earthshocks were felt at several places far apart from each other in the North August 22. The Eev. S. Knight, Wesleyan minister, has been advised by his medical attendants to repair to a cooler climate before summer, He has accordingly resolved upon visiting England. Mersrs. S. Barnard & Co. have imported the very fine bred stallion Whahaby for stud pur poses. The South Austral iau Company have com pleted a new wharf at Port Adalaide 1,000 feet long and have commenced another wharfage extension of the same length. A new powder magazine is in course of con struction on the central park below the Police barracks. The Rev. Mr. Matochass, from the Lyons German congregation, has been appointed to the pastorate of the Mount Gambier Lutheran Church, rendered vacant by the death of the Rev. Mr. Kappler in 1877. A new telegraph station and post-office was opened at Marrabel August 27. Steps are being taken for the immediate supply of Gambierton with water from the Valley Lake by means of force-pumps. It has been ascertained that daring the last three months over £200.000 of Victorian capital has been invested in this colony, and that a similar amount is likely to be so invested shortly. A Fijian has been preaching in his native language at the Archer-street 'Wesleyan Church, before crowded congregations, the Rev. T. Williams acting a3 interpreter. The Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide laid the foundation-stone of a new Lihrary and Beading-room in connection with St. Xavier's Hall, ?Wakefield-street, _ September 1. The estimated cost of the building is between £700 and £600. The Rev. J. C. McMichael, formerly of Gawler, has accepted the pastorate of the Macdesfield Congregational Church. Tbe first rail of the Adelaide, Unley. and Mitcham Tramway was laid September 2 byMr.T.King,M.P. The Government having offered £200 through tie Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society for the best machines for grubbing t-ee*, a trial took place September 3 near Gi'Wler in the presence of about 1,000 persons. Three prizes amounting to £75 were awarded to Mr. J. Heckland, of Palmer; to Mr. W. Simmons, of Windsor ; and to Messrs. R. B. and G. H. Smith, of Atherton, Yorke's Peninsula. 1 he public amusements of the month included the following :— At the Theatre Rojal Mr. Win. Creswick, the tragedian, has completed his engagement. Operatic extravaganza perfor mances have now superseded tbe legitimate drama. A series of minstrelsy entertainments have been given in White's Rooms, in which various phantoms were introduced d la Pepper's ghost. A course of concerts in the Town Hall by Madame Carlotta Tasca, pianiste, assisted by stveral professional vocalists, have also been htld. The Saturday evenirg concerts initiated ia the Town Hall, to which the public are admitted at nominal charges, continue to be very popular. A concert of sacrfd and secular music was 'given in the Town Hall September 3 by the choir of St. Peter's Cathedral in ail of the Cathedral Organ Fund. A diamond ring has been presented to Mr. Creswick in recognition of his talents as a t ajedian. The Adelaide hounds continue to throw off every Satorday afternoon, generally near the suburbs of Adelaide. The Working Men's Association and Seamen's Union of Port Adelaide celebrated their anni versary by a picnic and general holiday, ter minating with a dinner August 19. Various demonstrations in ?'omaien;or4tk)n of the esta blishment of the eight hours movement look place ou September £ Ricking is much in vogue, and a cumber of matches and exhibitions have lately been held at the City Baths Rink and tha B-snt-«treet Sk&ting-Rmk; respectively. The annual Exhibition of poultry by the South Australian Poultry Society was held in the Town Hall Angust 23 and 24. There was a very large number of exhibits in all classes, especially of Dorkings, Brahmas, Cochin*, and Spanish breeds. The following are among our obituary notices : — Dr. Maurau, J.P., died of heart disease at Reynella August 8 aged 52 years. He had resided in the colony and had practised in his profession 25 years. Mr. Thomas Neill died August 8 at Hackney, near Adelaide, aged 75\. He arrived here in 1839, and for nearly 30 years was in the employ of the South Australian Company. Subsequently he was in receipt of an annuity granted him by the Directors. He has left a wife, seven children, and 32 grand children. Mr. Charles Chandler died at Happy Valley August 20 aged 74 years. He arrived in the colony in 1836 in the John Pirie, and has left a widow, one son, three daughters, 44 grand children, and 14 great-grandchildren. Only one other of the passengers by the John Pirie now survives. Mr. J. McMillan died at Adelaide August 22 aged 88, leaving a widow, five sons, two daughters, about 50 grandchildren, and several great-grandchildren. Mr. James Crozier, sou of the Hon. J. Crozier, died suddenly at Cutbero, on the Darling, August 22, aged 23. During the mail month there have been 28 intercolonial arrivals at and 26 departures from Port Adelaide, and 14 extracolonial arrival! at and 10 departures from the same port. There have been 12 insolvencies and 6 assign menta during the mail month. The value of the imports at Port Adelaide during the 35 weeks ended August 31 was £2,781,549, and of the exports £1,713,097. The Customs receipts from the commence ment of the present year to August 24 (outporta included) were £334,175 7s. 7d. The value of cereal exports during the 34 weeks ending August 24 was £1,337,453 0s. 4d. The immigration at Port Adelaide to August 24 was 8,021 ; emigration, 4,521. Registered births during the first seven months of 1878, 5,484 ; ditto of deaths, 2,328. The population of the colony at the end of July last was estimated by the Registrar General at 242,775. The staple exports of the colony to August 24 amounted to £2,263,410. The railway receipts on all the Government lines during the 34 weeks ended August 24 were, for passenger traffic, £62,713 16s. 5d.; goods traffic, £104,244 19s. 2d.; total, £166,953 15s. 7a. The total Quantity of land sold this year to the end of' July for cash was 16,245 acres, yielding £58,107 17s. 4d. (exclusive of improve ments and of purchases of land previously held on credit). The total quantity sold on deferred payments was 331,380 acres, at an aggregate amount of £536,727 12s. 9d. 