TOWN TALK. Two important items of information are published to-day, from Keuter's Agency.' One is to the effect that the Russo-Turkish Commission has been unable to agree as to the line of demarcation; the other that the British Cabinet was to come to a final reso lution on Saturday upon the proposals of Bussia as conveyed by Count Schonvaloff. Although this is the first we have heard of a Kusso-Turkish Commission, we may infer, from the terms of the telegram, that it refers to the movements of the Kussian forces in the vicinity of Constantinople, to the desire of the Ottoman Government to limit their presence to certain points, both inland and on the coast, and to the desire of the Bus si an commanders to get within these limits. If, as the message seems to imply, the Com mission appointed to define those limits has disagreed, a movement of tho Bnssian forces in opposition to the will of the Turkish Go vernment may again lead to an outbreak of hostilities between the two Powers, in which case it is all but certain England would speedily become involved. At - the same time, moreover, the final consideration of the Bnssian proposals may bring abont the rejection of them, in which case nothing less than war seems inevitable. In fact, every telegram received lately seems'to indicate that England and Russia are but tempo rising, and tbat neither means to yield to the other what wonld. be necessary to maintain peace. A few hours now, how ever, should decide whether it is to be peace or war. . It will be seen by neuter's message .to-day that a number of gentlemen connected with these colonies have had various distinctions conferred upon them in connection with the Order of St. Michael and St. George. It is due to our readers to say that the delay which occurred on Tuesday last in announcing the result of the Warrnambool election was owing solely to the laches of the Telegraph Department, from the local man ager of which, we have now received the explanation that the telegram went to the Melbourne office early in the evening, where it was overlooked until the night operators came on duty at 11 o'clock, when it was transmitted as a late telegram- to Geelong. It serves to show' the serious - inconvenience to the public of all telegraph offices in the. country being closed at the early hour of S p.m., and of all telegraphic communication throughout the country being stopped from that time until.11 p.m. At a special meeting of the Geelong Vine growers' Association, held on Saturday after noon, it was decided to ask the Government to compensate vignerons whose vines were destroyed for the purpose of preventing the vine disease from spreading, and that , the compensation should be based upon the con dition of the vineyard at the time of the appearance of the disease and the probable 'duration in bearing of the vines attacked. It was agreed that a conference.of-vignerons should be convened, to.be held in Melbourne in the first week in June, .and delegates' were appointed to represent the Association. A report of the'meeting. will be found in' another column. A meeting of the Grant and Polwartb Coursing Club was held on Saturday morn ing at the Victoria ' Hotel. Present—Sir Charles Sladen (in the chair), and Messrs S. V- Bnckland, J. J. Buckland,: K. Miller, James Scott, Chas." Craike, and J. D. Robin son. The meeting was merely of a formal character, the nominations which were re ceived on Thursday and published in Fri day's Advertiser being accepted,'and various minor details' with respect to the coursing contest, to be commenced to-morrow, dealt with. Daring the holidays 1041 excursion tickets were sold at the local railway station. Of that number 547 were issued on, Thursday, and 404 on Friday. The trains on Saturday night .brought most of the excursionists back to Geelong... ' The Chief Secretary and other members of the Cabinet are to be entertained at dinner this.evening by the Town-Council of Bal larat East. Mr Berry and his colleagues are expected to arrive early in the afternoon,-to make an inspection of the. storm-water channel and other works. . A lad named John Hoolahan,. aged .15 years, son of a laborer residing at Moolap) sustained very severe burns on Friday night, which necessitated his removal to the Hos pital on Saturday. With other lads, Hoola han was celebrating the anniversary of the Queen's Birthday by a bonfire and a profuse display of fireworks in the shape of Chinese crackers'. By some means Hoolahan tripped and fell into the" fire, aronnd which the juveniles were performing a war dance.'" He had his face,. chin, and both hands pretty extensively burnt, the injuries proving to be of • a painful nature., A large hrigantine,"named the Salve (Cap tain Campbell), 440 tons register, and carry ing 700 tons of coal, arrived at the Yarra street wharf, in tow of the steam-tugRescue, about one o'clock yesterday afternoon. The vessel left Newcastle on the 5th inst., with a light westerly wind,'but on the following day a strongircsb galesprang.up and bro'nght on a heavy head sea. A very hard gale from the westward-was met. with off Twofold Bay on the 10th, but it increased in force on the 11th, and blew with hurricane force three da3's' afterwards. -Heavy seas swept the decks during the gale or snccession of gales, and when .off Jervis Bay the main staysail was blown away and several sails split. From the 14th to the 20 th heavy weather was experienced, and on the 21st light varia ble winds from the north-east set in. Wil son's Promontory was passed on the 22nd, and from that point to .Port Phillip Heads, which: were made at' half-past eight on Saturday evening, light aire and calms. de layed the passage. On Sunday morning the hrigantine was taken in tow by the steam hug. The vesseb is consigned to Messrs Hnddart, Parker and Co. A really handsome screen^ destined for use in one of the wards of the Hospital, has been made by - Mrs Hitchcock and Miss Hobday. The screen is a double one, work ing on hinges, and 'each wing is 5ft. Gin. by 6ft. in. dimensions. " It has a common deal wood frame, prettily ornamented at the edges by bands of golden stamped paper. The" screen is composed of calico, on which there are pasted,' in a very artistic manner, innumerable-pictures,. consisting of water colore, oleographs, etc., representing land scapes,' rural and -floral scenery, and a'variety of interesting pictorial sketches. The four Bides of' the .- screen have thus been prettily - adorned, so that patients in the Occident, and other wards, wher ever it ■ is placed, .will have something pleasing-to gaze upon.", -There are a num ber of Scripture quotations, printed in a variety of -ways,- placed on the different sides of the screen, and these add greatly to its appearance." Messrs Bradley and Drew intend "to varnish the present, be fore .it is sent to the Hospital authorities. A brutal assault was committed on Fri day night by John Sullivan, a strong, able man,- who" was arrested that evening for being drunk and disorderly, and lodged in the watchhonse. The assault was made on a fellow-prisoner, an elderly man named Henry Benn, incarcerated for .a similar offence, who appeared in the' Police Court oh Saturday morning with two black eyes and numerous brnisea! oh his.face, the resnlt of a heating by his fellow-prisoner, for which no cause could be assigned. Benn appears to have been, so thoroughly overpowered-by an overdose of liquor as only to be aware that he was assaulted' while -in the lock-np and not before his-arrest, though his cries for help had aroused the watchhouse-keeper," who removed him to another cell. Sullivan was fined 20s, or 14 days' imprisonment, for the "assault. "Very Bevere weather was experienced by the barque Sydney Griffiths on her voyage from Newcastle to GeelODg. She left the first-named port with 504 tons of coal for the Geelong Gas Company on the 11th inst., heavy south-westerly gales being met with for three days afterwards. When off the Dromedary, on the New South Wales coast, the westerly gale continued with great fury, and a big sea struck the vessel on the port how, stoving in the jolly boat and the port bulwarks, and smashing a couple of the stanchions. After rounding Cape Howe, there was a continuation of li"ht, variable winds during the remainder of j the passage. Port Phillip Heads were reached on Friday morning, and tho barque had to anchor off Qneenscliffe until Sunday morn ing, on account of the absence of wind. Tho steam-tng Rescue took the Sydney Griffiths in tow yesterday morning, and berthed her alongside the Railway Pier at twenty 1 minutes to two o'clock in the afternoon. Frank J. Smith, of Melbourne, accountant, who was recently reported as having ab sconded from Melbourne with £102, belong ing to Mr Gowling, of Carlton, grocer, was on Friday arrested at Wellington, N.Z., on information sent there by the Melbourne police. On Saturday the barometer was rising everywhere' along the" "coast from King George's Sound to Queensland. ' Inland the weather was fine hat cloudy, with frost in tho North-eastern districts. A correspondent writes" Now that a | vacancy exist3 in the incumbency of St. Paul's Church, it behoves the wardens of the | church to insist that a first- class man be ap pointed Mr Barker's successor. The size and wealth of the church demand such an appointment, as hitherto Geclong ha3 not always secured the services of such men as its numerous and handsome churches war rant." We may point out that the Rev. Archibald Turnbull, of Blackwood, who re- i cently conducted the services for several Sundays at All Saints', created a very favor, able impression, and although he is highly es teemed in his own district he is desirous, of | obtaining an appointment here. The tea meeting held at Ceres on the 24th instant was regarded financially as'h great I success. The Temperance -Hall, in which the gathering took "place, 'was prettily and tastefully decorated, "God Save the Queen" and " Welcome," wrought in flowers and leaves, attracting much attention.'- -The "bachelors' table " was ; rendered as at tractive as possible to tho fair' sex, an in scription at the head of the table bidding them welcome, "and scent being provided for their delectation. After tea a sale of fancy articles took place, during which selections of instrumental music, by Messrs Steedman and Andrews, were given. Those present completely filled the Hall, hut although the proceedings were in a measure noisy (as in fact all bazaars arc), the audience was a good humored one. , It is estimated that some 350 sat down to tea, - and the"proceeds up to the present' amount to £21 8s 5Jd. - Returns yet to come idvwill swell this amount, and further funds were raised by the con •tinuation of the Bazaar on Saturday. The total amount thus raised will go towards repairing Trinity Church and parsonage, Barrabool Hills. The following ladies pre sided".at the tables, and most efficiently ministered to the gastronomic wants of those present: Mesdames .Leigh, Lane, Beck, and Hartshorn, and the Misses Cartwright, Mann, Russell, and Heal. ■ At the Police Court on Saturday morn-J ing, before Mr Heron, P.M., and Mr | Conves, J.P., Joseph Devine was fined 5s, or 24 hours' imprisonment, for being drunk I and disorderly; and Henry Benn and Teresa | Kelly were discharged for a like offence. John Sullivan, charged with being drunk j and disorderly and assaulting a fellow pri soner inthe look-up, was fined 5s, or 24 I hours' imprisonment for the first offence, and 20s," or 14 days, for the "assault. Captain Snee visited Drysdale on the Queen's Birthday, and inspected between 40 and 50 of the volunteers, under the command of Captain HalL The men were put through the gun exercise, and acquitted themselves creditably, Captain Snee com plimenting them on their efficiency, after which they proceeded to the Butts, and had a day's competition practice. The Geelong Art Union, in aid of the funds I of the Corio Cricket Club, is to be drawn for on the 10th June, at the hall of the Free Public Library, entrance to which will be refused to all persons who are not Art Union ticket- holders. During the past few days the demand for tickets has greatly increased, owing to the "announcement that no permis sion will be given in fnture for the holding of these art unions. The local scheme has received the sanction of the Attorney-Gene ral, so that it will be carried right through. Those persons who.desire shares in-the Art Union shonld not make: further delay, as •the agents have been ordered to send in their blocks and books by the 6th June. On Saturday afternoon Messrs Few and Sichlau, the local managers of the. Art Union, re ceived from Eaglehawk the whole parapher nalia used in the drawing of tickets.1 The property. .was. made for the Ballarat Art Union some "years ago,.-and it' has been used in various ■ parts of the colony since then,- the loan of it costing £10. The property in question comprises six tables, with grooved surfaces, each groove -being long enough to contain 100 numbered mar bles, and there are ten grooves on eachtablcl The 5000 tickets, the extent of the Geelong Art Union, will be represented by the mar bles placed on the grooved tables, afterwards inspected by the - committee, and then shot into a large cylinder having a double revolu tion. The 200'prizes, will be represented by 200 numbered marbles, and these will be placed in a smaller cylinder of similar , con struction to the one first mentioned. - Both cylinders are fitted with spring lids which can only be opened by keys. The method in drawing will be very simple, indeed ; the first numbered ■ marble- taken from the -large cylinder will receivo the prize numbered on the marble taken out of the smaller cylinder, and thus when the 200.prize marbles are drawn the remaining numbers in the large • cylinder will represent the blanks. The .confectioner named Alexander Hun ter, who was taken to the Hospital in an un conscious state on Friday, recovered from the fit he was suffering early on Saturday morn ing.: The authorities at the Hospital, how ever, 'deemed it prudent to keep him in the institution for a couple of days. Our Drysdale correspondent' writes:— There is at present growing in the garden of Mr David Lennox a cherry-plum tree, in full bearing, the fruit being of, a good size, and quite ripe. • " . Sir William Stawell formally' opened a. Sailor's Rest and Workman's Coffee Room at Wilh'amstown on Friday evening. The institution is founded on the same basis as those at Geelong and Sandridge. A boy named John Donald, aged 18 years, whose parents reside in Hotham, was taken to the Melbourne.Hospital on Friday afternoon, suffering from gunshot wounds in the leg. He was out .with other boys playing about the' West Melbourne swamp, when one of his companions carelessly let off a pistol loaded with small shot,' which lodged in Donald's leg." After the boy was received at the Hospital 17 shots were taken out of the leg. • • •' ' • ' A good day's sport ,was got up in" Collins' paddock, Drysdale,' on the Queen's Birthday,' in the way of racing, jumping, quoits, and cricket matches. The Drysdale Plate, valued at £4 (in heats), quarter of a mile, was won by .Thomas Peel j also, the Maiden Race. Dod Jennings won the mile face, which muBt have been very severe for huh, as he bled very profusely at the nose upon arriving at the winning post. There was a well-contested hurdle race—12 starting. Several minor events took .place, Wm. Maury winning the jumping match. A ball was given in the Orderly Room in tho evening, which was well attended. A woman named Bridget Roulier, wife of a laborer residing at Mount Duneed, was taken to the Hospital on Saturday, suffering from a sprained ankle, the result of a slight accident. The necessary treatment was re sorted to by the resident surgeon of the Hospital, and Mrs Roulier was afterwards removed from the institution. The continuation of the hearing of the case of the Bank of Australasia v. Cotchett and others, at the Ballarat Assize Court, took up the whole of Friday, and at half-past 6 o'clock the jury brought in a verdict which was in fact a verdict for the defendants, they having found that the bank had waived tho liability of the defendants on the promissory note for £6000 which was sued upon. The Nelson has been taken into the Alfred Graving Dock. It has been found necessary to take out the old mainmast, in consequence of its defective condition, and replace it with a new one. A notice of interest to the ratepayers in the Borough of Geelong West who desiro to have their names inserted on the roll, will be found in our advertising columns. We understand that the local imitator o£ the world-renowned Blondin, the tight rope walker, is about to give a public exhibition of his undoubted skill as a walker on the wire rope. Arrangements have been made by young Alexander to walk across Malop "street east on a rope stretched from the Botanical Gardens Hotel, and various feats will be performed. The exhibition will take place probably on next Saturday afternoon. •V A lecture will be delivered in the High Church this evening by the Rev. Dr. Gil christ, on the "Life of Sir Walter Scott." The Electoral Registrar for the Winchel lea West Division, will attend at Mr Schrau's store, Dean's Marsh, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Wednesday, for the purpose of issuing electoral rights for the Legislative Assembly. The Courier understands that a memorial is being signed in Ballarat, praying the Exe cutive to spare the life of Richard Heraghty, ■ now lying in the Ballarat gaol under sentence of death, for the Egerton murder, on the ground of the Jury having recommended him to the judge for mercy, when returning their verdict. AnArgus Sydney telegram, dated Friday, saysThe man whose skull was fractured yesterday by the explosion at the Atlas Iron works died to-day. The others are in a pre carious . state. Hollaud, the victim of tho Pitt-street outrage, is sinking. An Auckland telegram, under date May 2nd," to the Christchurch Press, Bays: A naval officer, of the Wolverine, went into Grant and Morton's auction mart to- day, and warned them that in flying a white ensign they were liable to a fine of £500, as only tho Naval and Royal yachts could legally fly such flags. He said if the flag was not re moved he would send a file of marines ashore to take it down. Morton immediately re moved the flag, but was told by the officer he might use the flag if it was slightly altered. We recommend the following paragraph (taken from the Argus) for the'perusal of those " gentlemen" who displayed their political spleen by not attending the G6 vernor's levee on FridayIt will be noticed .from our Sydney and Adelaide telegrams that the Birthday levees held there on Fri day were "well attended." In neither of the neighboring colonies have they yet learned to turn the Governor's levee into a party demonstration, and there was no thing therefore to hinder the customary display "of loyalty. We (Courier) are glad to learn that young Spillman.was restored to his father's home on Friday, and. therefore the search party which - it 'was intended to organise is . no longer necessary. It appears that the lad wandered as far as Meredith, and walked all the way back from that township on Friday, reaching Ballarat about three o'clock in the afternoon. The first night he slept under a bridge, arid the next in a hut at Meredith, where he was very kindly treated by MrNagle. . Some fools, two in number, as we (Star) -- learn, arrayed ; themselves as ghosts or masked hideonsn ess in Webster-street, Bal larat, on Thursday evening," and being as brave as foolish, set their poor wits to work to frighten two children who were on their way home. The father of the children in forms us that one of them, a girl, was suffer-" ing all night from the . fright, and had not fully recovered next day. We hear that tho „ home of the fools is known, and if it be so we advise the father of the frightened chil dren to acquaint the police with the facts. James Quin, a well-known character in the King River district, where the Kelly family —one of whom recently shot Constable' Fitzpatrick—reside, was on Friday arrested by Detective Ward and Constable Flood (says tho Argus) for seriously assaulting Charles Askew, a painter, of Melbourne. Askew was travelling in the neighborhood of -Winton on the 14th instant, when he was met by Quin; who "called him a in-. former, and*-then assaulted him so severely that he nearly killed him." Quin then cleared out from the neighborhood, but the police went in search of him, and eventually found him concealed in the ranges in the neighbor hood of the King River. A match took place on Friday at Sale be tween twenty of the Carlton Football Club arid twenty-two of the Sale Football Club. The affair (says an Argus telegram) proved .very one-sided, the Saleites being completely over-matched by their, powerful opponents, who obtained seven goals, while the Sale Club could not obtain one. Goals were ob tained for Carlton by Gardiner, Henry, Coulthard, Smith, arid Barrass. On the part of the Sale. Club, Cullen, Johnson, Montgomery, and Dalrymple distinguished themselves most. The affair passed off very pleasantly, except that Bullen, of the Saje Club, had his collar-bone broken. In the appealto the Privy Council in tho case of Osborne v. Synnot, in which the de fendant appealed against a judgment for £1909 in an action for wrongful sale of wool, Messrs Randall, Mitchell, and Nevett, the respondents' solicitors, received by the last mail , an intimation that the appeal would probably bo abandoned. The appellant's counsel, Sir Henry James, had (says the Ballarat Star) advised that conrse, as a re cent decision of tho Privy Council was all fours" with the issue raised in Osborne "v. Synnot, and was adverse to the appellant. Their agents in England, therefore, sent out for further instructions, and the appellant's solicitors here informed the respondent's solicitors on Friday that the appeal had been abandoned, and instructions to that effect •telegraphed to England. The Ballarat May Assizes were "concluded on Friday, although the civil list was not exhausted. The Courier complains that the cases unheard must be postponed for an other six months, if the litigants do not pre fer to change the venue to Melbourne at a large additional expense. But besides this grievous wrong done to suitors, witnesses and jurymen have been put to great per sonal inconvenience and loss by being com pelled to attend the Court for the last eight days, without any result but expense to the suitors. Then again (adds our contemporary) if;we.are-only. to.have a'couple of'Assize Courts a. year in an important centre like Ballarat surely time should be allowed in the circuit- arrangements to get through the necessarily accumulated business, instead of the presiding Judge having to leave before the work of the Court is completed. Several vehicles laden with wheat from Drung' Drung, Rupanyup, Lallat, Marmara, arid other up-country districts, reached Sta well (says the Pleasant Creek Neics) ou Thursday. The owners report the country to be looking excellent. They state that grass is plentiful, the early-grown grain is looking strong, and cattle in fair condition. They also state that there are still large par cels of wheat up country, which, if the weather keeps fine, will shortly be delivered at StawelL A deputation, representing cheese manu facturers in Gippsland, waited on the Minis ter of Railways on.Thursday, to ask him to reduce the freight on cheese carried from Sale to Oakleigh by rail. They pointed out that cheese could be sent from Latrobe Bridge to Melbourne by steamer for 20s per ton; but that the Railway Department charged 60s per ton between Sale and Oak leigh ; and they asked that the latter charge he reduced to 30s. Mr Woods intimated (says the Argus), after a few minutes' de liberation, that he would go further than the deputation asked him, and reduce the cost of carriage by rail to 25s per ton. A well-known eccentric character of Bun inyong, known as "Taylor, the barber," was brought up at the Buninyong Police Court on Thnrsday, charged with being of unsound mind. From the evidence (says the Courier) it appeared that the man had made an attempt on his life by cutting hie . throat with a razor." The -wound, however, "Was a mere abrasure. A more serions in fliction. was found on the left arm, from which a great deal of blood flowed. On Thursday morning he was going about the town in the condition described, and in a state of intoxication, when he,was taken in, charge by the police. The Bench remanded him"for a.week., \ A youth named Cornelius William .Mar tin, employed at the Avoca Po3t-office, was brought before the Police Court' on Thurs day morning (says an Argus " telegram), charged with stealing three £ 1-notes, the property of the Postmaster-General, from a letter in.the office. Detective Eomax stated that owing to complaints of missing money letters, he was sent to make enquiries. He posted a ■ test letter addressed, "to Stuart Mill, containing money, and the letter after wards wa3' found opened, but still contain ing the notes, in the" accused's pocket. . The prisoner was remanded until Monday, heavy bail being accepted. . "\Varrnambodl-rough was in its glory on Tuesday night , at Mr Xongmore's. meeting (writes the Koroit Herald). . Everybody ex pected a row, and everybody got what they . wanted, and some of them got more. The law and order party went there determined that no speaker should be heard, and the liberal party went there to keep the law and. order party in order,. and the result was. chaos. Of course a few innocents suffered, but then, if men will go to Donnybrook they must expect a rap. We regret that Mr TVinton was severely ill-used, but because the police prevented a man jumping on him when he was down, the Standard says that they showed their partisanship to the liberal cause.. We understand -that there are seve ral summonses out about the affair.- . The Guardian, too, came in for a share of the abuse, and was heartily groaned at for turn ing "dog." Mr Longmore's speech was a thorough refutation of the misstatements made by Mr Francis about the Government, and should have been better reported. - <A correspondent sends the following .to the liiverina Recorder of May 11th:—"Abont a week since the skeleton remains of a man known as Scotty . were found in one of the paddocks belonging to P. Tyson's Tarwong run. . The unfortunate man, who has been in and around the neighborhood for upwards of 30 years, and was about COyears of age, is said to have been sent from P. Tyson's Corong station with rams to Tarwong in January'last, and that after arriving safely "there he was I again started back. He took two canvas bags of water, which, however, proved to be j insufficient, as the man apparently famished on his way to one of the Tarwong wells. His horse was found just afterwards, but he was only found by chance—a boundary rider seeing his . remains while going his rounds along the fence. 1 am told no search was -ever made, and the poor old fellow was al lowed to pass out of existence nncared for j and unthonght of." A remarkable invention has recently been patented in Melbourne, termed "The Hy dro-pneumatic Engine, combined with the Pneumatic Hydraulic Accumulator." The patentees are Mr "W. H. Batho and Mr Thomas Kjiox Smith, of Sandridge. It ap pears that this invention, if a complete suc cess, seems destined to supersede the steam | engine in many heavy mechanical operations. It differs from the ordinary accumulator in I dispensing with the enormous heavy weights, using in place of them compressed air. Osman Pasha, and other Turkish prisoners of war, accompanied by General Ignatieff . and Beonf Pasha, have arrived at Constanti nople from Odessa. They all made a very i ceremonious entry into the city, and were afterwards well received by the Sultan. The Emperor of Bussia is said to have made his assent to the concessions asked by Beouf | Pasha conditional on the conclusion of a Kusso-Turkiah alliance. A strong parfy at Constantinople is opposed to such an al liance, and would be ready to make common cause-with England in the event of a war,' but Osman Pasha and Beouf Pasha are as serted to be favorable to a Bussian alliance. ' Fifty thousand Turkish troops are now, it is | stated, encamped in the plain of Buyukdere, and fifty battalions on the lines defending Constantinople, and the Turkish Govern ment has contracted for a supply of star torpedoes. ' . 