| THE MINISTERIAL PISH DINNER. THE'Mnaisterial fish dinner, one of the'pre ludea oi the close of ih« Parliamentary Sewion, was held oq the evening of August-14 at' the Ship, Greenwich. The Karl of Beaeonsfield and the Duke of Northumberland were Wable to join their poiitical friends on the occasion. The banquet was served,in.the large^dining rooin,"covers' being' *Uid for forty persons, Thero were preeeiit the Lord Chancellor, the Duke of Richmond and Gordon,, the Marquis of Salisbury, Mr.'Cross, Sir Michael Hicks Beach, Colonel Stanley, Viscount Cranbrook, Sir Stafford Northcote, Mr. W. H. Smith, Viscount tiandon, Lord J. Manners, Lord Bagot, Viscount Bury, Lord Henniker, Lord Skelmersdale, Viscount Burrington, Mr. George Cavendish Bentinck, Mr. Bourke, Mr, Stephen Cave, Lord Euatace Cecil, Viscount Cricbton, Sir William Hart Dyke, Mr. Alger non Egerton, Mr. Gibson, Sir H. Giffard, ;Colonel Loy d-Lindsay, Mr. Gerard Noel, Sir M. White Ridley, Mi. T. Salt, Mr. Sclater- Booth, Sir Henry J. Selwin-Ibbetson, Mr. Edward .Stanhope,; Mr. J. G-. Talbot, Colonel T. E. ^Taylor, Lord Henry Tbynne, and Mr. Roland -,Wnin. Mr. i Bale, the manager of the Ship ,Tavern at Greenwich, supplied the following novel menu of the dinner:-4t-Te.annuala .whytebaite dinner of Hyr Majestye's Minis* tera,: on: Wedneadaie, ye 14th August, 1878, atte »ye iHostelrie 'yclept ye Shippe, atte Green* wiche, This bille of ye fare is drawn in playne Englyah, without anycloke of Precche or other foreygno tongue, for the, Badde and gobere comforte of friendes, and that ye maye know what ye are askfed to accept. ^ e BiUe of ye Fare.-Yo eoupe.-Soupe made* from ye turtle, and'alsoe soupe made from yei' greene fatte of ye same. Ye Fysbe.-Ye flounders curyoualy cooked, and salmonne Bervyd inns lyke mannere; rysaules of ye lobatexa,; ye lyttelaoles^fryed > yepudynges of ye whyting ye eles skynned and eteww inne ye riche wyne of -Oporto ;* .' ye omelette of cr^bbe inne ye style as servyd to ye Guardea.of ye Blue Seale ;.,ye troute from ye Hivqr Spey, grylled, with ye sauce of Tartar ; ealmonne inne collopes,- with ye sauce in ye Cypros fasbonne. Ye wbyte-baite he-frizzled and alsoe i Jbedevylled. Fleshe and Fowle.-Sweetbreades with ye moshroomes added therennto; ye haunche.of ye royale, bueke* jwith/^hancotte , beanes eervyd therewith; ye ;antienfc hamme, from ye citye of Yorke, grylled inne wyneof Champagne; ye grouse iroui the rtortha Coun tree; hoge bacon aud yodngo beanes. -Ye Sweetes, &c.; \- Apprycottes flaveured - with noyau; pudyngea iced, after .ye Xesselrode mannere; lyttel cakes made with ye ihee6e from Parma, inne Italie; yo ices flavoured with oranges and Btrauberres; divers fruytes which are your desertes, and ye wynes of Champagne land manie outlandi sh countrecs. Ye dinner^ ? Will be aervyd after ye mannere of yo Russian ipeople Ye guestes are bydden to eate after ye iHungariemannere." : " ? ' ! ;'>;NOTIOB TO Mahinkr3.-The following in-* -.formation has been afforded by. the navigating, lieutenant of Wolverine, from Nor .folk Island:-"From- information received from islanders, a sharp pinuacle rock, haying il2 feet over. it at low water, lies due south of .the west end of Sepean Island, three-quarters, of a mile^ ^ Thisia the rock on which the ship ;Mary Hamilton struck, and, became a total ,wreck.,,.,;"-Report . furnished-' by'4' H'.M.S. .Nyinphe.-Campbell Island : u There appear*; to;-f be "-a -.discrepancy between' the position assigned upon the general chart of the South Pacific (Western Sheet, No..7SS) to.CampbeU. Island, and that given upon the chart of the Auckland and Campbell Island, No. 1,114; the longitudes given upon the latter,^ placcjQlosex^ vatory,FoinVPafseve'rau'ce^lIarp6urlin'16911 E., whereas the position on tho fa'rmer.'places it in 169 21 E:t or 10 further to tho east ward.. . .In, ,charts 783,- . South* Pacific* Ocean, .Western Sheet, Campbell Island is placed 10j miles too far to the eastward." '?' x 7 t J : -THE Melbourne correspondent of the Advertiser writes:-I hear that the ghost .'nui sance is again prevalent in some of. ;tha su burbs, Prahrau being now morq ' especially annoyed . by some cruel and oowardly idiot, who dressed in a whito sheet,, findB ^ aihusa ment" which one would scarcely fanoy..could bo .congenial to.-even' the lowe'st ' and iuotsfc malignant species of ape,- in brightening nervous persons.and children in secluded spots at night.- Only :iv.few. days ago,VI'hear,<tho ; daughter of a respectable resident of fPrahraii" I was so frightened by 'this wretchUhat sh'6'has since remairied ^completely prostrated.by -the nervous shnc«k.received;«. l ; '' 