FUNNIMENTS ON DOCTORS. Doctobs are tall men with eye-glasses, and black coats, and shiny hats, and bends in their backs. They have soft voices, and speak as if tbe^ had just left off flinging very solemn music. They smile sottly when they meet you, and shake liands with you in a slow deliberate way. They love the society of canary birds ana leeches, and other sprightly and entertain ing animals. They get their clothes brushed every time the clock strikes, and rub their hats -with damp towels to make them glisten. They drink cold water when they rise in the morning for their health, and put oil in their hair for the good of trade. They are much afraid of ghosts. A man once told mo that'no one ever yet saw the ghost of a doctor, for the moment a doctor dies all the other ghosts gather around his ffhost, and treat it so badly that it is ashamed to show its face to respectable people ever afterwards. He told me that the reason of this is because the doctors made nearly all the other ghosts, and ghosts are a most un grateful class of people. ' When doctors come into a parlour or draw ing-room, they bow, and rub one hand over another, and smile, and bend over you, and ask in a whisper, "How are we getting on?" Then they walk over to the chimney glass, and arrange their Bcarfs and hair, and the folds of their shirts; after this they turn their backs to the glass, and having stretched out their arms to the fnll length, twist their wristbands a little, and smooth the back of one hand with the palm of the other. All this makes them cool and col leoted, and prevents them from looking within ten years of their real age. When doctors come into a bedroom, they smile and talk about the weather, and tho price of mutton. Then they lookout of the window, and ask who lives opposite, and whether his eldest daughter is not married to young Edmunds of the Lancers, and if there is any truth in the rumour that his eldest son has given up his wild habits, and is attending to his profession. After this they walk over to the sick person, and say, " Well, so you have persuaded yourself that you are not well. Now, lot us see-let us see." Then they catch hold of the person's hand, and take out a huge gold watch, and look as it they were going to sleep. After a while they shut the watch, case witha loud8nap,andsighfaiQtly» as if they were waking; then look up at the ceiling, and look down at the ground, and make figures with the toes of their boots on the carpet. After this they enquire how often the aiok person has asked what o'clock it was during the past week, and if he had been seen picking his teeth with a brass nail, or cutting hia hair with a rat-trap. After they have been answered, they request the sick person to put out his tongue. When they see the tongue they say, " H'm," very qoftly, and sitdown with another sigh. They then enquire if the sick person has expressed any wish for sausages or buttered Scotch or oxalic acid, or any other poison, or if he has been using terms of affection in connection with the name of his mother in-law, or with the Commune, or with the Income-tax, or if he has in any other way exhibited decided symptoms of a wandering or enfeebled mind. "Upon being answered, they say u H'm" again, and leave the room imme diately afterwards. As soon as they get back to the parlour or drawing-room, they say that the sick person is not in good health, and he must be kept as quiet as possible. They order , him to be pro vided with a pocket-handkerchief, and light literature, and whey or brandy, according to his taste. They forbid that he shall see any bills, or telegrams in the daily papers, or any thing else that would be likely to excite or exasperate him. Then they take up a piece of paper, and write a few badly spelled words, and draw three-legged stools, and frying pans, and regiments of soldiers, and other childish figures upon it, and request to have this sent to the apothecary's. When the apothecary sees this he says " Oh, bother!" and places it on a file. He then takes a bottlo of paraffin oil, and having put a pinch of salt and a little nut meg into it, sends it home to the sick man. EMANUEL KINS. 