toniwniim- - 7". L ' Gone u,k up ate u.1 -i ? -.,.1; It will be seen by . advertisement - that -Mr. Thomas Walker, - the spiritualistio epeaker, .intendagiviDg P M«n> in tto.Tcyvn HaU this evening. It will, be, as wfji (to inform oarnsadem as to fte porition dto Walker is assumed to bold by the adherents, of the BlHIIkUM IJOAJWOMMJ, « Piwruujj mtotlfte -bdiet in fte immortility 'of the sool, spiritoaitefo nninirtwint the distobodied : apirite ban tod "do re-Visit -this tnandahe Mffiere;andith-ft(to'vxnrtrcertamriiatorel . conditions through which sre'banAtdii -ooni-; snnniMtittk withHhem. -Those indmdhais : who are eo organised as lib reorive theaekrim- sages are called "-4nediums,":«ndftoee knewp ' to fame are comparatively few in number.'It r is asserted that most persons— sritualista or : -otherwise — fweaess /sum or- less of fte: medinmistic power. Mediums are affeiAed ' in a. variety td-3 ways) -there being varions ' phases of the phenomena ; some are " phyu- 1 i" medinms, through whom fte -departed ! spiritnare them to pas thro ui -solid matter. Often ve controlled by cmrit£uides; such mediums loss'ifor tiiDe »hrir own ideatity, and nttor tbe thoughtn'Bridideas bftftitofgaiflia. ML WrikaeareB toetobnf fteaatterclirii, j tebhmcriquestoourfadwfo. in tbon subjeete ou-wbioh he u for the time , wnvming. 0«|iaittB fc " - . r. f' 1 7 K-i-'l ' prineipilly to give I information as to the pbiloaofby of-spiiitnsli m, its aims, and ite lirewnt standing. Gpiiitaalism, - it ia mnin- tained, so far -from being opposed to the j Dible andto- pure Christianity, tehdsto sup- )iort.aiid'confirm both ; and we have been -iaforoned by-.n-gentiemau in Hamilton, who . heard- Mi. Walker in Melbourne, that there- was -notbieg in bis address that .might not have been uttered by a liberal-minded Chris- tian minister. In this case the publio have an nssuranoe that ftrir oherished and respected beliefs willnnffer no violent or un fair attack - from, the utterances of Mr. Walker; The eubjedt matter of the first address will be "Spiritualism : its philosophy audits aims," at the oon clarion of whiah fte speaker will answer any: questions pat to - him by - the nndienoe on fte mat ter in deliberation. Those, therefore, who expect to see " ghosts" and "tilt- ving tableh"j%iU be disappointed, fte address bring intended to-set the objects of spiritual ism as a piylosopby clearly and foirly before the minds pf : the many who hold vague or erroneous-ideas On a subject whioh is creating not 'a littlestir in fte world. 