GENEBAL NEWS. Penola ... 0150 Millicent ... 0-210 As to-day's issue of the Advertiser, con taining a map of Turkey as rearranged at the Berlin Conference, was sold out long before the demand had been met, and as we have some of the maps still in hand, we propose to give them with the eopies of Monday's Advertiser sold at this office. Prior to starting on his country tour, the Rev. Charles Clark will deliver his lecture ou " "Westminster Abbey" at Glenelg on Tuesday evening, and at Port Adelaide ou "Wednesday evening. A special meeting of the Town Council of Port Adelaide was held on Friday evening, August 9, to consider tenders;for filling up the ditch on the eastern side of the Port-road. There were eleven tenders. The tender of Mr. J. Reed for £23 per chain was accepted. The following is the rainfall from 9 a.m. on Friday to the same hour on Saturday, August 10:— Kingston ... 0'040 Narracoorte ... O'IGO Mount Gambier O'lOO His Excellency the Acting-Governor for warded to the Mayor of Adelaide on Friday, August 9, the following telegram which he had received from the Right Hon. the Secretary of State for the Colonies:—"London, 8th—Her Majesty's Government accepts with much .satis faction the appreciation of their policy expressed by the colonists of South Australia." The Bishop of Adelaide is still pur suing a course of active duty in England. He was one of thirty-two Bishops whom the Primate of England welcomed to the Pan Anglican Conference, in a magnificent service in Canterbury Cathedral on St. Peter's Day. On St. John's Day he took part in the consecra tion of three Bishops in St. Paul's Cathedral. He had also during the same week read a paper at a great Missionary Conference in London. The affairs of his own diocese had not been neglected. He had obtained from the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge a grant for the new Theological College in Ade laide. No appointment has yet been made to the vacant Head Mastership of St. Peter's Col legiate School, but 50 applications had been re ceived before the mail left, Tile Agent-General, in a letter to tlie Commissioner of Crown Lauds, dated July 3, compares the average expenses incurred in dispatching a ship from Plymouth and one from Scotland. The comparison shoVs greatly in favor of shipping Scotch emigrants direct from a Scotch port, instead of conveying them to Plymouth. By the Camperdown from Plymouth the average cost per head was £9 2s. Sd., and by the Largo Bay from the Clyde it was £8 14s. 3d., although a higher pries by 5s. 6d. per head was paid the latter ship. The full passage money by the two ships was £13 19s. 6d., and £14 5s. respectively, half of which was paid at home; the. balance is made up. of expenses and maintenance of emigrants. Thus the amounts £9 2s. 8d. and £8 14s. 3d. include all the expenses, but only half the passage money. ^ The Agent-General informs the Commis sioner of Crown Lands and Immigration, that the next emigrant ship for Adelaide will be dispatched on or about the 27th November next. The Cookery Classes on Friday were well attended, and a useful lesson on bread and cake making was given. A variety of excellent cakes were made. There will he only five more lessons in thepresent term, ^ ; ;■ A man named Francis Bickers was ad mitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Friday, August 9, suffering from an injury to one of hiB thighs received on "Wednesday, July: 31, by falling out of a dray. Mr. H. M. Collins;: formerly Manager for Reuters Telegram Company at Bombay, has been appointed their general manager for Aus tralia. He was to leave London to proceed to the,: colonies via/San JFrancisco^■,m .^thft ;l§th instant, Mr. H. 0. Mais, the Engineer-in-Chief; Mr. R. Patterson,-Assistant-Engineer; and Mr. Day, of the Engineer's Department, started for the North on Wednesday, to inspect the alterna tive route for a railway from Orooroo to Pichi richi, via Ccomooroo, as recently asked for by a deputation which waited on the Commissioner of Public Works. The; annual meeting of the Chamber of Manufactures was held at the Hall, Waymouth street, on Friday. There was a 'good attend ance, and, the chair was occupied by the Presi-. dent, Mr. S. Davenport, J.P. The annual report, which was of a satisfactory character, was adopted, and ether business of a formal nature transacted. On Thursday evening, August 8, the G.W.G.T. Brother W. W. WinwGrd, with Brother Thomas, G.W.S., and Brother Dixon, G.W.M., attended at the. Lodge-room of the Hope of Lefevre Lodge, I.O.G.T., for the pur pose of installing the officers for... the ensuing quarter. A fair number of members was pre sent.. and the G.W.O.T. gave a short piehy address.. The monthly entertainment in connection with the Adelaide Lodge, I.O.G.T., was given in the Oddfellows' Hall on Thursday evening, August 8. There was a large audience; and a good programme was carried out in a creditable way by Brothers Smart, Baker, Mills, Potter, Townley, and Laney, and Sisters Cook, Potters (2), Stephens, and Winwood. MissS. A. Win wocd presided at the pianoforte. Brother Robertson occupied the chair. The Committee of the Adelaide Bene volent and Strangers' Friend Society held their monthly meeting on Wednesday, August 7, at the Church Office, Leigh- street. Mr. James Smith was in the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance in hand of £4 Os. Id. The sum voted to relieve the various cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency orders during the last month, amounted to £9 Os. 6d., being to relieve ■ 20 cases. . Each member of the Committee was empowered-'to draw to the extent of 10s. in cases of emergency during the ensuing month. As the last train to Jamestown was passing through the cutting at the Caltowie Gap on Saturday evening, August 3, a slight jolt was observed by the driver of the engine. ; The night was foggy and dark, and the cause of the slight shock was at the time not appa rent. "On Sunday morning, however,"states the Jamestown Review, " a horse was discovered lying dead near the line, and it was evident that it had been run over, as both hind legs wore cut off, the extremities hanging by strips of skin only. The poor brute had evidently dragged himself ten or twelve yards away before his strength failed him, but he must have soon bled to death." A Juvenile Court of Foresters in connec tion with Court Australia's Pride, A.O.F., was opened at Miss Lipscombe's schoolroom, Poi i land Estate, on Thursday evening, August 8. A number of the members of Court Concord's Pride, a Juvenile Court, together with those about to be initiated in the new Court, number ing in all about 50, assembled at the Port Ade laide Railway Station early in the evening, where they were met by Mr. Stapleton, District Treasurer, and Messrs. W. Baker and W. Eoundey, officers of Court Australia's Pride. A procession was formed, and, headed by the Port Band, the company proceeded to the schoolroom, where 25 juveniles were initiated and the new Court formed. The principal officers elected were—MastersGeorge Pudney, O.R.; Williams, S.C.R.; W. Pudney, S.W.; W. Eoundey, Secre - tary; and A. Pudney, S.B. The little girl, Emma Klaebe, who was lest from her home at Bethel on Friday morn ing, August 2, was found on Monday, having made her way to the residence of a German farmer on Waterloo Plains. "On Wednesday morning," says the Kapunda Herald of August 9, "the police received intimation that another little girl about five years of age named Penney had been lost from near Marrabel on the preceding afternoon, and that a number of people had been out searching for her all night without success. It seems that on Tuesday afternoon a private picnic had been held at the foot of the ranges, at which the little girl in question was present, but by some means she strayed away, and unfortunately had not been found up to the time information reached the police, when they, too, set out to join in the search; but happily they were met with the intelligence that the child had been found that morning." Mr. Henry Taylor's report to the Agent; General for the month of June has been for warded to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, who has courteously allowed us to make the following extract from it:—"Attended twelve public meetings, which have been attended with good results. I issued 133 approvals for 41 married couples and families, 73 single men, and 19 single women, domestic servants. I am glad to report that some of the agricultural districts are awakening to a more lively enquiry. There will he a considerable number of thorough good farmers' men on the Oaklands, as well as pick and-shovel meu from the Laborers' Organisation; also, I have some very satisfactory results from thelitho. letters which I addressed last month to the Mechanics' Societies. One more-, very much respected leader and a good laborer, Mr. Winter, has intimated to me his intention to go out if he can do so in September; if he does so, I am sanguine that he will have a good following from Dorsetshire." The Kapunda Herald states that " at a meeting of the Kapunda Institute Committee on Tuesday, August 6, plans of the pro posed additions, to the building were laid on the table and discussed. The additions com prise a second storey over the present reading room and library, by which means three more rooms will be provided, the largest of which will be 36 by 20. Some conversation ensued as to the best method of increasing the width of the staircase. from 3 feet 6 inches, as shown on the plan, and ultimately the matter was re ferred to a Sub-Committee. The Secretary re ported that the Library Committee had consi dered the suggestions of subscribers, and had completed the list of new books, the order for which would be sent by the outgoing mail. Mr. Joseph Gurr, sen., tendered his resignation as Treasurer, owing to his intention to leave Kapunda shortly. The resignation was accepted with regret, and a unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Gurr for the valuable assistance rendered by him to the Institute during many years. Mr. R. Brewster was elected to fill the vacant Treasurership. The Secretary reported that the Philharmonic Society had paid a donation of £25 to the Institute funds." The fourteenth of the Mayor's popular concerts is to he given at the Adelaide Town Hall this evening. Signor Giorza will appear and will be assisted by Mr. and Mrs. Robertson and Messrs. Mumme and Reid, R.A.M.' A new entertainment is to be- presented at White's Rooms next week, consisting of what has been described as "Rainford's Ghost," with which is included the performances of an excellent comedy troupe. The Press of the adjoining colonies speak very highly of tne entertainment, and describe it as beiDg unique and interesting. Football matches will be played this afternoon between the following' Clubs:— First Twenties-r-Norwoods v. Ports, on the East Park Lands; and Adelaides v. Kensingtons, on the Adelaide ground. Second Twenties— Adelaides v: Ports, at Port Adelaide; Kensing tons v. Victorians, at Montefiore Hill; and Norwood v. South Parks, on the South Park Lands. A "very good audience again assembled at the Theatre Royal last night to witness Mr. Creswick's acting as Falstaff in . Shakespeare's Henry IV. As on previous occasions his em bodiment of-the fat knight was greeted with frequent and hearty applause. To-night Mr. Creswick will give perhaps the finest impersona tion in his repertoire—that of " Macbeth." The tragedy will he produced with Locke's music. The following are the names of the members of the Victorian Football Club who leave by the Aldinga for Melbourne to-day to play intercolonial matches in Victoria:—G. Downs (captain), C. Warren (vice), J. Atkin son, W. Knil, A. Frayne, A. Miller, R. Poole, S. Brown, J. Minnie, W, Osborne,'A. Bothwell, W. Solsherg, E. Colbey, H. Mehrtens, B. Mehrtens, W. Stratton, J.' Bohlman, A. Shawyer, G. Tolley, and T. Richards. Mr. R. Whitfield will accompany the team as nmpire. They leave by the-3 o'clock train for the Port, and we wish than every success on their first trip to the sister colony. The annual meeting of the Kent Cricket Club was held at the Gresham Hotel, on Thurs day evening, August 8.' There was a good attendance, and the chair wis .taken by Mr. W. Pope. The balance-sheet showed that the liabilities were about covered by the outstand ing subscriptions. Several rules were amen ded, and the officers for the ensuing year were ' elected as follows:— President, W. B.' T. An drews; Vice-Presidents, A. S. Chapman, Dr. O. Davies, B. Featherstonev.and W. N. Praitt,; Practice Captain, B. J. Furnell; Committee, C. ■ D. Perkins,, W. N. Pratt, andL T. O. Richards ; -Hon.; Sec. and Treasurer,X. H. Sholl'; Associa tion representatives, H, Giles and "W. Pope. 