« AMERICA'S TBIBUTE TO IRE- LAND'S FAME." ( Concluded-.) To the American Republic, during the first seventy years of its existence, the Irish race has contributed ten majorgenerals and five commodores,six authors Sf the Constitution, nine signers of the Declaration of Independence, one president. two vice-presidents, upwards of twenty generals of brigade, and a large amount of minor officers and of the rank and file of the army. It was an Irish officer in the American army that told the British minister that all the kmoney in England could not buy him, and it was Irish bravery that wrung from an American patriot these words: "May Ireland have a stripe on the American flag-" Of the Irish in America may be said what John Adams said of their distinguished countryman, Charles Thompson, •first secretary to Congress—" They were the life of liberty " in the hour of the nation's trial. And, indeed, the names of Montgomery, Jackson, Wayne, Sullivan, Hand, and Moylan in the field ; the names of Shaw, McDonough, Stewart, and Barry, in the navy; the names of CharleB Thompson, John C. Calhoun, Allison, Ramsay, Robert Fulton, and Matthew Carey, in the cause of educac&tion;—these are names dear to every Amerioan. They are enshrined in the heart of the nation, and Irishmen may well be proud of them. The names of Matthew Thornton, James Smith,George Taylor, George Reed, Charles Carroll of Oarrollten, will live for ever on the new oharter of human freedom. Ireland may be wisely jealous of them, for the world does not often present such a tablet of glory to the children of men. Then here's their memory I let it be To as a guiding light, To cheer our strife for liberty And teach ns to unite. These are. men whose names America will not let die. As in the dayrf of the Revolution so it was in the Mexican war and during the late Rebellion. The Irish soldierB fought side by side with Americans, and were inferior to none in fearlessness and bravery. And I do not hesitate to say that from the day on which the national flag was first unfurled in the name of independence, when the people of these colonies appealed to the sword and left the issue of the struggle to the Supreme Ruler of the world, until the day when that same flag was seen waving triumphantly over the battlements of Mexico's capital, and from the day when a treasonable faction insulted the national ensign, to the day when Lee surrendered, there has not been one important campaign in which the Irish have not fought, following with their fellow-citizens the flag of the stars and Btripes, dying only to vindicate the rights and honour of their common country. But, ladies and gentlemen, the labours of the citizen commence where those of the soldier end. The poet has said of Ireland :— Thy sons they are brave; bat the battle once over, In brotherly peace with their foes they agree. The Irish, as soldiers, have won the laurels of the brave; as citizens they have proved themselves peaceable, industrious, trustworthy, and religious. They it Js who have delved in our mines, dug our canals, built our cities, cleared our forests, laid down our railroads, thus enriching the country and developing its vast resources. They have entered into the spirit of oar institutions, and have identified themselves with true Americans in feeling and interest. We admire Thompson and Carey in Council; we sympathise with Montgomery and Sullivan on the field ; but even more proudly do we sympathise with the industrious layman, and the devoted priest labouring to plant the cross as their religious emblem in the New World. Opposition has not deterred them from their path; it has united and strengthened them. And, to-day, more than -five thousand churches, crowning the noblest eminences in the land, attest the consecration of the Irish people to the service of God. . This vast continent affords the most Btriking proof of what religion means with the Irish people. Count the Bchools, colleges, academies, hospitals, and ;aBylums of charity, that have sprung up, as if by magic, all over the land, and tell me, is there anything JhSt speaks more eloquently to the heart that the faith whith has inspired sfiich unselfish devbtion ^Religion, as a name, abstraction, is not worth" aBong. It is only precious for'whatit enables us to^e -and to do." It is religion that has aide thelrish people what they are. « has made them just towards others lovers of order and progress, firm in the 1 support of just authority, and courageous in resistance to lawless tyranny. No State can thrive without such virtuous citizens, and no country can be hopelessly lost that has the happiness of possessing them. Without the Irish people there would be no faith, no solid religion in the country. Infidelity and irreligion would have possessed the land. But infidelity and irreligion can never furnish society with such men as she calls for in her hour of need. They have not dond so yet; they will never do They have given the world Cromwells and Robespierres in abundance ; they have not yet given a Washington or an O'Connell. We have seen a great country placed in a situation of imminent peril, violently agitated from within, and threatened from without. At this crisis, when a strong hand and a wise head , were required to steer the shattered vessel of State amid the political tempest, to whom did the people turn for aid and guidance ? Was it to the clever and eloquent, but godless, demagogue, the standard-bearer of infidelity ? No; but to the loyal soldier, the valiant and honest citizen who did not blush to proclaim himself a Christian. And to-day, the most martial name amidst the legions of Europe is Patrick MacMahon, inheritor of all the faith and chivalry of his Irish ancestry. No country, no people, can thrive long without faith in God. Should ever the liberties of this country be assailed, it will not be from 'the part of the Irish people ; on the contrary, they will array themselves on freedom's side, and bravely Bhall they do and suffer, aB soldiers and citizens, to sustain the dignity, honour, and welfare of the Republic. Now, what I have said of the Irish people has been spoken without a shade of self-exaltation or critical depreciation of any other nationality. I have invented no invidious comparisons, but simply endeavouipd to show why, even as American citizens, we should be proud of the land of St. Patrick. I have traced out to you the claims of Ireland to America's gratitude and love. There are two events in Ame rican history that seem very remarkable when contrasted : One is the sending of an address for [aid to the "Irish people" who nobly espoused the cause of American independence at the risk of all that man holds dear. The other is the refusal of the. Representative of this nation to accept the congratulations of the Irish nation. I say there never has been recorded in the history of this Republic an act of like ingratitude ; and, had such an insult been offered to the Irish race by any other administration than that of Grant, Fish and Co., it would be accounted a foul stain on the nation's honour. If you cast up the account between Ireland and America you will find a strong balance due to Ireland. Nor has America repaid Ireland by granting to her sons the benefits of citizenship; what Irishmen are in this country, they are not by favour or benevolence, but by positive and constitutional right. This makes them equal before the law to any other citizen of the Union. More than this they do not require as • individuals ; less than this they must never submit to. Like all good citizens they should be grateful, because in the whole range of history no nation has received greater blessings from God. And, without distinction of race or creed, let all vie with each other in mutual kindness and good offices; and should there be any rivalship let it be the honourable rivalahip as to who shall be best citizens, who shall most faithfully serve the country and obey its laws. The earnest desire of every Irishman is that the Republic may go on prospering as no nation has ever prospered—leaving religion and race to take care of themselves ; and that she may be as great a hundred years hence as she designs to aspire. What is the position of the -Irish today in America ? They are a strong element in the activities of the nation. They have risen in wealth, and numbers ; they have risen in political influence and power, and this influence and power are serving the cause of manhood and justice. I would willingly be ignorant of the hostility yet entertained towards Irishmen ; but, alas.' it is impossible to con ceal it. There are few cities in America where the Irish form so large a proportion of the population as in Boston, and I do not hesitate to place their number at. 130,000. But,they needcare, caution,"and determination.' These elements are necessary even yet, for 'lis by care and wise endeavour,. , Ancient S<ates to greatness «limb; Wouldyon win your rights for ever, Califi "and thoughtful bide your time; I say this because you can 'all remember when Xrishmeh, were not 1 Tesperited £ouch in ; New' England, when theft nationality was despised «rid 4heii- "religion outraged. But these days have gone by, thank God, never more to return. Kuow-nothingism is dead. Its agony was long, and good judges pronounced death to have followed from natural causes. But out of the unhonoured grave of Snow- nothingism there crawls a ghost that wanders about our cities on the eve of election day, and frightens even some of the pious old people of Boston. And this ghost saith to one, " Beware of the Pope;" to another, "Bewarex>f the Irish." And this ghost writes letters, and it saith, " Guard the public schools." Yes, disguise the fact as you may, there is an unfortunately large number of people who believe this ghost, and entertain towards the Irish a disposition which even they themselves cannot describe. It may not be possible to grapple with a bad feeling, but, when flagrant proof iB given of its existence, it is possible and it is honourable to spiritedly present it. Every attempt to proscribe race or creed should be resisted with reason, argument, and well-used suffrage. You are a great power in this nation, and beware lest you wield that power for your own destruction. There is a strong English feeling in this country, and it delights in your discord. Your enemies will not help you. Remember, union is strength. " Enow your rights, and knowing, dare maintain them." You have contributed your share to this nation's wealth and prosperity. You have acted a noble part in the drama of its history. You are now having a large part in making its future history. " Ever and always faithful," was the inscription on the flag of the Irish Brigade in France. That motto has been the watchword of our race in America. Bear it well in mind ! Ever and always faithful. Be true to yourselves, your children, your country, and your creed, and a great future is in store for you. The grand characteristic' of the Irish race is their love for Ireland—a love the like of which is experienced by no other people under heaven. And when an Irishman forgets his country—when he becomes ashamed of the land of O'Connell, Curran, Grattan, Burke, Sheridan, Emmet, Sarsfield, and .Moore—then, I Bay, no man can trust him ; be is the meanest man you can imagine, he is, in truth, a veritable Irish jackdaw in the plumage of the peacock. Who's the wretch that basely epurns The ties of country, kindred, friends; That barters every nobler aim For sordid views, for private ends ? One slave alone on earth you'll find, Through Nature's universal span, So lost to virtue, dead to shame— Tbe anti- Irish Irishman. The true Irishman has more sense. He has more mind and more heart. Conscious of his nation's misfortunes, he takes pride in her constancy and heroism. His greatest glory, his most genuine pride, is to have sprung from a race that lave offered to the world, not the spectacle of men, or of bodies of men ; but of a whole people, a successive series of generations battling in defence of their rights, their liberties, and their sacred honour. The Irish people believe, and they declare before the world, that they themselves should rule Ireland and govern the land of their birth; this is their faith; and this faith the IriBh patriot has sealed with his blood. He thought the Frenchman governs France, The Spaniard rales in Spain, The gallant Pole still waits his chance To break the Bassi%n chain. * That Ireland may yet be free is the hope of the Irish people ; it is the prayer of a race that has been faithful to God; it is the prayer of a people who became poor for Christ's sake; and can such a prayer fall to the ground unheard ? Bat why still in darkness does Erin lie sleeping, Why doth the pure light its dawning delay? Ah ! a thousand years with man is not a moment with God. Nations, like men, must be judged. Men are rewarded or punished in the next life. Nations receive their reward in this world. In'His own appointed time God will reward Ireland's fidelity. Ireland is fast gaining ground. She has to-day rights and privileges which fifty years ago it would have been folly to predict. But Ireland will rise still higher; the day will come, the unerring day when Ireland will out off the shackles that have So long and so cruelly bound her. Ireland has had a long night, but she will have an inevitable day; And when England shall be tottering'and shaken, Ireland will/stand firm. The. .blood of Ireland's children, who have' been murdered by'.thousands and tens: hi thousands,' the bones of the wntched exiles thathave whitened on our'shores, cry.to heavenfqr vengeance. , Men of Ireland ! Men jbf Amerifean chiefly committed the' aestimes'of Ireland ^y'you- havealready,"by*iornfe itrong publio opinion, r , struck terror into the heart of England. Be industrious, pru- dent, temperate, energetic, law-abiding citizens, and rest assured there is a day beneath the horizon when the patriot's hopes shall be realised, when Ireland shall take her place among the independent nations of the world; and the name of that day is when America shall pay the tribute of honour and justice which she owes to the valour and selfsacrificing devotion of Ireland's sons. And it is precisely on account of the bright hope which begins to dawn that the subject of this evening's lecture should possess for all of us a lively interest, and fill the Irish heart with glowing sympathy and ardent thankfulness to God. Then flourish for ever my dear native Erin, While absent I wander an exile from tbee; And firm as thy mountains, no injury fearing. May heaven defend its own Cuskla Machree. 