THE BAG OF GOLD.* ,7 ? By Donald Cameron., I Author of ' Scripopolia.' , I ,, The Rav. Bryan Barry was the Bole ropro sentativo of the Roman Catholic faith in the wild and mountainous district of Jimbellico, an isolated .Btretch' of country in one of Victoria's most distant provinces: It mostly consisted, of cattle, rutiB, the head atationa of which were far distant from each other, but in 1 8(iO cold waa discovered at Wild Cat [ Gully, 'and a. somewhat extensive mining [ camp was the result. This was the first township (!) ever established in the Jim bellicof district. ,;Hence Wild Cat, as the 'town waa 'called; became 'a kind of centre, where the' squatters sold their cattle and bought ;Btation. requirements. The district :was of auoh a pharactor that. after the plains whiph Btretched. below the mountains were reaohed everything had to be carried on pack-horses.; Even ^the, machinery of the Wild Cit Company, the fiwt quartz-mining venture started in the new mines, since famous in the annals of gold-mining for its richness, was carried piece- meal over the mountains, and the first piano which de lighted the ears of Wild Cat arrived by the same mdde o! conveyance. True, prior to that, , the ; enterprising host of the 'Three Nuggets'' had imported a 'Bord' at great expenBe, wherewith to beguilo the diggers into spending their money, in conjunction with two damsnls'.bbtaihed from Melbourne to dance with the . rough ^miners ; bub the speculation proved unfortunate, for the horses took .fright in passing over a precipice and tumbled slap into a foaming torrent, while' the maidens had hardly arrived when they straightway beoaine the wives of the. two rich men of the community. Bsfoie the arrival of the eecond ' piano, ' the melan choly . concertina, with the help of a few jew*' harps, had usurped the musical throne of Wild Cat, for there waa only one fiddler in the district, 1 and he was too ardent a devoteo of Bacchus to be trusted at 'hops,' but sn its appearance, these primitive instru ments had to seek the lone hillsides, where, from scattered diggers' tents, they were to be heard' at night, resembling too' often a concert of cats with badly tuned voices; for i most of the concertinas were minus certain essential qualities, owing to being occasionally used aa weapons of assault and defence. It may be therefore imagined that if mueic had' already obtained a. footing in Wild Cat, religion waB not disregarded, and the supposi tion was right. The Wesleyahs — for a large number of the diggers were Cornishmen— had established a Bethel on the summit of a little hill close to the camp, and a walk to it . on a Sibbath strongly reminded one of Christian's ascent of the Hill of Difficulty in ' Pilgrim's- Progress.' On wintry Sundays the ascent of this hill; through miry clay — the tautology is not mine; for' I have' always found that clay is miry and sticky when wet —was tho cause of much baqkaliding, both of the feet and of the tongue, for even the'most davont were often heard to blaspheme 'when -they' took' an -unexpected Blide downwards and arose with their Sunday ^go- to-meeting 'clothes covered/with dirt: The 'Wesleyans are lucky people, however, for owing to their 'religious ?'? eoostitiition,' this 'Bithel was altornately served by two lay preaoherf, whose accent was ^ powerfully Cornish, and who worked 'in the mines all 'the week, and preaohed on Sundays. The Roman Catholic population were scandaliied at their neigh boura being; ahead of them, and they there fore petitioned to the archbishop, and, on. their guaranteeing certain things, a missionary was aent up. to Wild .Cat, and a amsll church and two-roomed cottage were built for the ' prashte, God bleaa him.' ? A very humble church indeed it was, whioh developed a . pronounced leak in the roof three months after its erection, showing the builder, though he pretended to1 be a piouB man, could cheat heaven us well as his fellow men. Ai for- the cottage, it might suit a minor, but not a man; of the tastes of the Rev. Bryan Barry. , This gentleman waa a tail/strong, handsome man of about thirty, ?with a determined and almost sensual face, although there was cast over it the veil of a refinement which he had acquired in his yoiitb. Though of poor parentage he had passed much ot hia time, af tor his ordiuation, in a palatial' cathedral in France, where he had acquired tastes and feelingB ill in accord with his present situation. He had been drafted as h missionary to Australia/ and had to obey his superiors and leave the pleasant oity of Melbourne for this desolate spot. To a truly religious', man, filled with grand religioua fervor, which has glorified the names of the, many noble Catholic priests who have laid aside comforts; nay, sacrificed their life, for their faith in more mhoBpitablo climeB than Australia, the situation would have been one wherein to glory for tho Cros j of Christ, But the Rev. Mr. Barry was .'not one of these meo. , Ho waa a black sheep, a lover of ease and luxury. He could' be religious aud good with a pleasant oha'pel, a' well supplied' table arid agreeable /society; but to him this,' isolation frotq'all the com-. fortB of tho 'clvilised world was; o terrible penanoei .fimd,'; he' was -the ' 'more^ aggrieved because while he had been sont to'tUia desert spot; other men;*far' Midi capable/far beneath' him in eduoation, had been given suae benefices. Joined to* this} he had' acquired 'an accursed love for gold — even'now he hoarded up out of the pittance ihid parishioners^ subscribed for him — could he have obtained sufflcieat, he would leave the church and lead the life! of a worldling. It may, therefore; ho easily seen that the reverend gentleman wasfarfrom being a fit paBtor.oi a Christian ohurch. But,' ai he had no other means of living, he chose to' be hypocritical, siud to :Continue administer of a religion in wjbioh he did not practically, believe. ? As, for his fiock, he hated and des pised them, , booau«e: they did' not contribute more to . bis . revenue, aud. ; many u terrific denunciation ho thundered at them about itheir meanness., ,But the people soon began to understand the character -of their- pastor; and , save with the mpst supers^itlous and un-j tHinking/'fliefe wu^Uttlb' lt-vO lost between them.'*. /'.' '''' j, : One1 night, lc thp 'depth of winter/iha Rev/ Mr.' Barry ' sat 'In 'the little /chamber whioh. served him , .a- .dining-room aud .'??Th ? tragloal- story vrliloU the' 'author hero attompte to oomoiit to paper Is. foondod on fao t, and ooourred some years. ago ou a, prominent, Roldfiold.: Tho writor; llawovor; hopes' tbat ho p'ersoa, wlU, bo offouded od tho-seo're of religion', as thero :is iio! intention to offond. 1 Any person' of tho disposition of the olergymaa in this tuo, no matter of what sect he might bo a mlnlstor, would havo equally fallen under the temptation: ' ' , . : t It is hardly nepe^sary to say, that in ordor'to sparo tho feelings of thoso who are aogualnted nlthj the detallB 'of this itragedy, llotitlons names ' are given. kitchen. An old crone, who served. iiim.. as ; cook . and housekeeper on, very moderate wages, sat by . tho fire knitting a stocking and humming an old Irish song. The prient sat at' the table looking out of the window in a .dcop and'discontented reve'rie. Without the world was robed in a garment of pure white' snow, which had fallen in the late aftornoon. Notwithstanding the snowstorm the day had been calm, and tho night was equally bo— not a breath disturbed the festoons of enow that lay upon the limbs of tho dark stringy bark-trees, or clung to thoir brown trunks. The stars shone out of the intensely . blue sky ? bright as the most brilliant diamonds. No sound disturbed the still air save the thump — thump of the' pumping engine of the Wild Cat Company, which, like the human heart, never ceased its labour,, for the strata hereabouts was terribly saturated with water; which had to bo kept down. Tho Rev. Mr. Barry looked out upon the dreary scene, and It recalled to 'him his student days at St. Omer— his pleasant hours in his Normandy presbytery, and he felt very bitter indeed againBt fate, tho Church, and the Archbishop. Rat — tat. The priest and the orone started. That knock waB a rough one— nothing refined or city-like about it. The crone rose and opened the' door, and in walked a great, shaggy miner, all hair, beard, overcoat, and red ciay, who shot off the snow on to the priest's apology for a oirpet, upon 1 which already he had deposited half a tou of mud —much to Mrs. O'Dowd's horror and wrath ? — and taking off bis Cilifornian hat stood abashed before the priest, who gave him no favourable look. ? ' Please, sir,' said the great stalwart fellow, who was as frightened as a child, before 'hia riverence,' ' Mick Doolan is pasht all hope, the docther gavo him up, an' he wants you to confess him, for he has a terrible weight oh his mind, God deliver the poor crathur.' 'I'll eee him to- morrow,' replied the Rav. Mr. Barry; 'I cannot move out to night, and you know Mick llvoa in.Broak neck Gully.' ? ' But, your riverence,' pleaded the miner, ' he won't live till morning.' A thought suddenly struck the mind of the prieBt ; a thought which must havo been prompted by the Father of Evil himself. Mick Doolan' was the mystery of Wild Cat. Everyone know that himself and his mate, Larry Deegan, had made a tegular pile out o£ a olaim on Breakneck Guljy, but, so far, no man knew what had become of the dust. It waB boldly alleged that both men had cleared between them some £40,000. Larry Deegan had suddenly disappeared ; his mate said that he had gone home, and had left quietly so that no one would know, for fear he might be followed and murdered. / Since his departure Doolan had led a lonely life, never coming to the camp, 8ave for provisions and whiskey, which latter he consumed in enormous quantities. But, otherwise ho was very close-fisted, and spent nothing. He never visited a public-house, whioh was , a perfect fnnd of wonderment to all the rational-minded diggers. Of course, there were many surmises afloat about Doolan and Deegan, but no ono appeared to be certain of anything. The thought now arose in the mind of the R 3 v. Mr. Barry, that if thia man wa- dying, it would be possible to get him to leave his eoods to the church to atone for his sins. We need hardly point out what would become of the property to the reader, who has already fathomed the utter depar ture from grace which, had occurred in the wretched minister's soul, ous of which that unholy spirit mammon had driven all that was good and holy. He reflected that this wealth would at once give him all he had so long desired. Struck with this idea, the Rev Mr. Barry at at once Baid, iu an altered voice ; ' Oh 1 then, I suppose I must go to comfort the poor soul. Mrs. O'Dowd, bring me my' cloak arid big boots.' ' - 1 The old crone soon got his things, and the reverend gontleman sallied out into the star lit night with his conductor, who was poi BesBed of one. of these ingenious Australian contrivances, a bottle lantern ; that is, an inverted bottle with the bottom knocked oiit, and a lighted candle inserted in: the neck, a lantern which ? I have never known to have been blown out on the windiest night if properly held. The uncouth guide piloted the priest over the hillsides in a very careful manner, and they arrived 'at the cabiu in Breakneck .Gully which was inhabited by Mick Doolan without any serious mishap, for the snow, had made the. ground pretty firm. An awful placo waB this Breakneck Gully; From the very banks ? of the noisy little stream the country rose' in wild preoipicea ' and gorges, mantled with the thickest undergrowth, out of whioh arose giant trees, whose: dark colour was now diversified with snow. As tho two travellers halted before the little ba^k hut and looked upon the terrible prospect, listening to the roar of the stream as it dashed over the rocks, it was a scene that the pencil of a Dor6 : might have immortalised. The feeble light of the lantern illuminated the faceB' of the two men ; one the picture of vulgar awe and supersti tion, the other darkened with that eternal gloom which overshadows the face of ohp who is bent upon a dread Prime. Ou entering the hut a scene of a different oharacter, but still in accord with the surroundings, met the eye. Oa , a rough Btretcher, covered with a blanket/lay a lean, cadaverous crcature, whose only evidence o£ life was his burning'and over shifting eyes. The face was the image of death and as white as the Bnow that lay outside, a great contrast to the thick matted black hair and beard.: Occaaionally this being started aud cowered, as : if dread ubaeen beings were tormenting him. There was a look oi straiige relief upon his face when be saw the prieBt. The Rev. Mr. Barry Bat down by the , bedj ou a rioketty three-legged stool, and took the! ' sufferer's hand. He . had studied fnedicine; j and knew perhaps more of that scienoe than' the.half-educated person who presumed to; attend' te' the physical wants of Wild ,Cat. .. . 11 It's 'no use, your riverence,'; said , the1 Bick man, with a ghastly smile ; ' I'm done' for ; I'm going— home. ,[ won't eee the; I sun rise again. Pat, I want to be left aione' with, the priest. , Go home like a good fellow, and you oan come when; his. riverence -:oalls' 'at'your hut on his way home. L;ave the; ilantorn ; belli waut it.' ; , .:., / , , Pat Bllently obeyed. He knew that the shriving of a sinful soul was not for anyone: ,'to witness except the sinner, the priest and! God. Yet, had the. honest fellow, lo.oked at! his pastor's face, .even his dull wits .would: have been Bet wondering, for his face was1 hardly less ghastly than that of the' patient' who was suffering- from, delirium tremens.! That tbe priest had already discovered, and, notwithstanding the local medico's .opinion, ; he' felt' Convinced that Doolan'a graud con*: Btltutlon would surmount ' the attack' and' that' bo would recover; and that set this' wickcd man thinking,' thinking; 'God, in his' infinite mercy, send' down -h{t angel to bkfflsi the demon tempter that night I , \- ' ' Father,' said Doolan, as the door olosed': oh Pat, ' I Have been ia'terrible Biriner^ ' Oh. Ii can you give1 me absolution ? If; 'I. lived I1 wouW go through any peiianoe.' ! .' 'God,' replied the priest in, a atraiige,! unnatural voice, 'is very merciful/' and I, as his poor' minister, have power to absolve the: truly penitent.' ;Cohf^Bs, my son, confess to' me all, and hide not one tittle of 'your guilt'; | for there is One to whom all is known, and the conccalmont of the ulighteat iteito' will destroy I my. absolution.' . j j ' I will tell the truth,' cried the penitent, i rising on his elbow and glairing' round the room.. ' He iB there and tinder Ais'. eyes I will not be able to tell a' lie. He has 'been there } every. : night since-that awful 'night. He is there now— ? ' : I . ?'Hush 1' . Baid the priest. , 'Make your; confession until I see what can be done.!' - 'I will,. I will,' panted, Doolan. ' Well, your riverence, six years ago Larry Dsegan and I left the onld. country together— God's ourse' on the day we did. We were as bright a pair of boys 'aa over you saw, mere lads, and aB happy as kings 'to think we ; were doing to . make our fortunes in AuBtraly. We'd been regular comrades ivor since We were gossoous, and'not a 'wake or.arweddin'/ a dance or a fair,' but we were together, and aith, the min would, be bould who would face our two shillelaghs. ?' Wo went up to Blndy's 'at fusht, but did no good there at all, at all, j any way, for we got no gbuld, and both ! of us fell in love with a purty colleBn there, whoae father kep' a bit of a shop. Though, nay ther of ua said a word to each other about It, I knew she tuk to Larry, and when we were startin' for this rush, I heard her -tell him when he'd come back with some gold she'd have .him. ? The divil got into imy heart that blaok day, your riverence ; but Larry niver suspected anything, and; we came up here and fell upon the richest patch that ever was found in the country. - We let no one know it, your riverence,'— -here he Bank hia voice to a whisper — 'but it was tremenjous, it was like Bhovellin' up gould. Larry was in great glee, because he said he would now bo able to go back $o Sandhurst and marry his girl. That was like stickin' - a knife into me. I said notbin', but oh 1 how I thought and thought, until the divil got entirely the best of me. I fought 'him a bit, but he had such a good Servant in the whiakey, that he beat me to pieces. Well, the patch was worked out, and we made a division. 'Twsb wonderful, your riverence, we had gould to the amount of .£15,720 each, over .£30,000 altogether, after all our expenses. That night the both of us got drunk, nnd Larry kept talking about his Kate, and swore ho'd start the next day and marry her and become a squatther. The whiakey made him very loving to ine, but it put the divil into my soul. I don't! know how it took place, but I seemed to wake up' in the middle of the night, and there , was Lirry Btono-dead on the floor, just where he fell in a drunken sleep, his throat cut from ear to earl 0 ! holy Mother; forgive me. I Bee him now, there, with the blood flowing down^ Go away, Larry, I'll ase your soul; ' Hush I' slid the prieBt, ' continue your story. . ; , - ? ? : ' Riche me the whiskey?' aBked Doolan, and this being done he appeared refreshed, and proceeded: — 'Well, I waB stupid for a long time, but at last I began to think better of it, an'- I took the corpse out; au' I buried it -under a big rock, just the other Bide' the creek; The spot'o always green. And I have lived here ever since with that cursed gould. and never lifted it, for when I went to dig it up it: seemed as if he stood in the way. An' now, your reverence, I want to-do reparation. I want you to Bend all 'the gould home to Larry's mother — who's as poor as' a crow— and perhaps that will ase my sins.' . ' I cannot'absolve you,' said the priest, in a cold, hard yoloe, ' unless you leave all your gold to the. Churoh. That alone will save you from the terrible fate which ia* in ntore for you,' most miserable of sinners.' : ' 'Lave)icto the Ohurch 1' cried Doolan ,with an Hibernian wink in his left eye; ' no, no, your riverence, with all' deference, I. think It's my duty to givo it to Larry's mother. That's the best atonement.' And, in spito of the reverend gentleman's arguments, Doolan persisted in his deter-' ruination. For a while. , tho Rav. Mr. , Barry stood firm, biit'at lait he 'gWo in, and Doo Iau showed him where the gold was buried. but charged him not to touohit.uhtil he wib dead. .''/',' '''''/ £30, 000,1 What an undreamt of fortune was that to the poor, wretched dinner who had allowed gold to warp and destroy Mb Soul, / / . ''Are you awake, Pat,' said a sepulchral voice at the door of Pat Casey late that night. ' ' Yes, your . riverence,' ; replied Pat. ' How is poor Doolan ?' , , t 'Much better,' replied the Rjv. Mr. Birry ; 'he told mo you need not come over until the morniiig. I don't think there's anything tho matter with him except the drink. The consolations of tha Churoh appeared to ease him.' 1 ' Heaven's . blessings cn you, oorr,' said Pat. ' It's glad I am of a night's rest— for [haven't had much of late through Doolan. Good-night, your riverence.' 'Faith! that Doolan, musht be a big sin* ner,' said Mrs. O'Dowd to an old crony of hers next morning, just as the sun was rising, while they were haviug a cup of tea together, 'for when hisriverenoe ca'me home laat night he looked as if. he'd . seen a bmshee or the Inemy himBelf. St., Peter am u- ! . Wirra 1 what's the matter with you, Pat ?' ; ' This was addressed to Mr. Casey, who stood at the door, the personification Of terror.! r . 'Oh, murder 1' cried Pat, 'I wint^to; Doolau's cabin this morning, airly,' and! therej he'w'as, Btiff and y/ldhisthroat cut from ear' to; car.' , ,. : .;/' ! ' Lord save us 1' ejaculated the ladies, '? crossing themcelvei. ? ' '5 And he'd done1 It himself, too,' cried Pat/ ' for tlie razor had juaht dropped from , his! hand. Where'B the prashte?' !,! Of oouraei there was': an inquest, and tho j rerdiet was in accordance with the evidence,; fclo de sc. The medical main was certain1 that tha delirium tremens had risen to Buoh , a pitch that ,the wretched man was driven to suicide, and he blamed Pat for being absent. But the' Rsv.' Mr, Rirry excused Pat, for he said' that when'he.left Doolan he waa in a good' frame ; of 'mind; '»nd before going'off to aleep; bad told' him to tell 'Pat not to come, as he waa Ssh'amed of keeping a man,' who had to work all day/out of his bed every night! 'Thp reverend gentleman added that ho feared this was a : ruse Simply' to, get rid of tho . presence 'of ' anyone, and the coroner ' and jury agreed '.with him.' ? So Doolan' was buried! and the old hut at Breaineck Gully became' haunted.' No trade of the immense board, ! said ' to have been amassed by ' Doolan, was found, although— but this was in the dsylight — the site of the hut, was1 dug' up* by enterpriilng treasure seekers'. ' Some said the; devil had flown away with it; others averred that' Doolan had never made a pile, and a' few indulged In dars 'whispers;' but ; were oareful of the company in whioh they uttered them,' for a word against the Rev. Father Barry would have resulted in a good trounc ing t»'.tbe'sp6aker. ; The general marvel wai howDbolah committed' suicide, whan.'a-fe# hou^' would.have Beitled matters, and there 'was no explanB!tIbn, except one offered by the gay youiig genthinan who 'managed the branch bank,, that,' ill accordance! with his contrary tiaturb; he had gone to the other world just because he had not' been invited. And, then,! after; tbe matter bad; formed a gOb'd tbpio ' for' '' six montha; it ? gradually became obliterated out of the publlo mind, in view of more recent and pressing occur' j encosj ? 1 ? ' ' ? _ If the Rav. Father Barry had been morose | and distant before, he was trebly so after Doolan'a death: -Mra;' O'Dowd ;wld her cronies th»t ? the' dreadful revelation which Doolanihad msde to; the priest, had com pletely unnerve'd him,-', which,'', she said, ' it must have been 'awfal, cohBiderin* as his reverence was a mighty shtrobg/mah.' It soon -became evident that Father Barry was discontented with his -flock, and' that they were no better pleased with him/, and ere long he wrote to tbe ecclesiastical authorities urging that'tbe climate had such an effect upon him ,that he eould not live in the place. He was. accordingly recalled, and, certainly, whenhepresentedhimseU at the ar'chiepiscopal palace 'the prelate had every confirmation of his statement. The stout, rosy,1 priest had become a . lankv pale, ghastly ' man, with furtive, frightened ' eyes. He was 'relieved from active duty, and Bpent his time much as he pleased. Presently he declared that he muBt be Bent home, as he coiild not reconoile himself to Australia. He was also humoured in this,. and disappeared forever ? from the ken, of his religioua brethren.'- Not ? one of them ever heard of the Rev. Father Barry, again, and great was the marvel as to what had become of him. -Some years afterwards, as Wild Cat was declining in prosperity, an adventurous miner sunk a hole opposite to Daolac-'fl cabin, and came upon the relics of a human being. At -first there was much wobderment aa to whose skeleton' it might be, but when a . tiny gold locket was rooted up, on which was inscribed Deegan's name, the capip at last settled the mystery of Doolan'a crime and end. Break neck Gnlly became still more haunted, and ah innocent 'white cow which went' there to graze at nights, at once beoime .the terror of the neighbourhood, and ita most delicious - sensation; her iowinge being set down as the groans of Deegan's spirit lamenting over bis untimely end, and the loss of his gold. It need not b? said that the search for this gold received a fresh impetnB, ('v3f in the daylight quite a new rush tc*_%j-\ace to Doolan's, but not one of the 'industrious diggers were rewarded. . Not far from the oity of Lima in Peru, is situated a monastery, famed for the austere lives of the monks, and particularly rioted at the time we write for the great piety of its abbot, a - venerable ' man, who appeared already to have reached Heaven' ere he left earth; His -life had been apent from the earlieBt manhood in the gentlest piety and the simplest mode.. He waa a child in. the ways of the world, a giant in his knowledge . of virtue and religion! To this monastery there had been admitted, a few days before we visit it, a wretched, broken-down man, once tbe gavest and most wicked' of Peru's citiiena. Whence-he had come years ago, no one knew;but he was polite, learned, and the possessor of bonudless wealth, bo no one troubled themselves much about his antece dents ; and 'he ran a .csreer of riot and dissipation ' almost unrivalled, even1 in that warm-blooded land. At last he was reduced to beggary, and broken-down and dying, he camB to the' monastery,' to cIobb thereih;his life in repentance. From tbe pious exhortations of themoiika, Brother Ximenes, as he called himself, appeared to obtain little relief,; no' human being appeared so miserable, so conscious of sin, and yet so impenitent. It was]as if he had been Beized with that hopeless despair of forgiveness which some ecclesiastical, men ' tell us seizes upon those who have commited the inexpiable crime against the Holy Ghost. At first the monks tried to wean him' round to a better state of things, but aViast they positively became afraid of tho man, so little like ' anything earth did he seem, so ghastly and diabolical was his appearance.'. One evening the Abbot was reading in his study the works of St. Jerome, when a lay brother tapped for admission and gave him a packet, which he said brother Ximenes. had directed to give to the .abbot at a certain time that night. The abbot, who bad long marvelled at the man! and endeavoured to unravel his mystery, at once opened the document and read it; He presently repented he had not called a monk to sit with. :him. The room was large,' and the shadows deep, and the worthyfather'felt his flesh creep/as he read the terrible confession, and almost expeoted'the Father ot Evil to appear , to confirm it, # The confession was signed by 'Brian Birry,'1 and therefore our readers will guess1 that the recluse was our old acquaintance the priest of Wild Cat. . ; Part of his confession we have already .narrated, ' the remainder mil throw all required light upon thia darkV Uatory';— '? After a few struggles with the 'demon ;of gold I yielded. I knew from my medical khb'wledga that the man would recover, and that when , he. got . well he would laugh, at , hia terrors and refuse mo' the gold, as I could not use his confession - against him. : I was consumed with, a thirst for the acouraed-. treasure ; and' tho 'way: in , whioh he .rolated he. had ' killed Deegan suggested 'the deedj for ^'^.'azor lay on the shelf. :, Ere I kaa ' 'y\i I was doing he . was dead. . He a : weak, ' I yery powerful, and, savo ono awfal cry whioh will ring in. my ears until death; he made.n'o outcry. By Satan's own1 fortune I did . not have a drop of blood spilt upon me, and-whon I had recovered myself a little, ! saw. at once, that the death could 1 bo ' set down ' [to ,. suicide .by dropping the razor beneath ;his hand.' I. was devilish/cunning* I noted that the stroke of the razor was made exactly, as a suicide would make it/' After getting the bag of- gold, which was very heavy, I left and returned home, leaving the bag. outaide until my housekeeper went to sleep, when I rose, brought it' in, and put it in, my chest. : Shortly afterwards, - 11 left Australia and fled to a land where 1 oould not;be known. Bat 'my crime followed me, and ,two4 phantoms,, with their throats out, . - never quitted my sight * . To escape the agony of mind , I was in, I plunged, into the maddest-dissipation , and committed unknown, unthought of , crimes, but in vain, 'remortte devoured my a'oul. . A still greater'crime wU . upon my, soul — the atu of whioh I waa gullty 'towards Mother Churoh, and which ! believed inexpiable., When, all was gone I bame to the .monastery, in some slight' hope that , scbiirglng and penitence might assuage 'the Wrath of offended Heaven. But, no ; initead of /these holy walla . giving me . relief,. they increased, my. auguleh a thousandfold — they appeared to rise to .thrust out so acanrsed a . thing. I oua stand this: no more, my brain burns, my heart is fire, my. sonl is alraady in torment, .my body on the raok. The ghosts are ever, with me, and urge me to end allss their. lives. were ended. And. to* . night I feel. that I; can no more- resist them. When you have, read thia letter I. will be dead. ' ,. i: .. ..- 'XJttorly horrbr-strioken the abbot raised the house and proceeded to Ximenes' cell ? where a sight so horrible mat tiie gsza of the spectators that all . fled, crossing themselves devoutly/and praying for protection from the Powers ot Evil. , -./. . , ;;;; ?\i .. . ,,v ? « ? ?? .'?)' He rests in a suicide's grave, tha horror o( everyone who knows the terrilile etory. And yet this . man, had 'he curbed his passions in accordance with the precepts of his sacred calling and holy faith, might have . become a great aud good man, but he gave way to them, and failed to resist the terrible tempts- , tion of the Bao of Gold. / ?' '?-' ?-. 