JOSHUA HAGGARD CHAPTER XVII.—(CONTINUED.) "E'EN AT TURNING O' THE TIDE." BR THE AUTHOR OP "LADY AUDLEV'S SECRET, *' AURORA FLOYD," &0., &0. " How good you are!" lie exclaimed one day. "Is it in the nature of all women to bo so tender? I can just remember my mother nursing me in some small illness, and she was like you; but then I was her favourite son, the creature she loved best on earth, they tell me. You come here to nurse a stranger, and yet your tenderness for him 6eems iuexhaustible." " I am so sorry for your poor father that I cannot help loving him," Cynthia answered, simply. " All, I see; that is what the old saw means : Pity is akin to love.'" Those walks with Naomi and her lover were a delight to Cynthia at this time; so keen a delight that it sometimes occurred to her this pleasure might be sinful, a enare and a temptation which she ought in somewise to resist; for Joshua's teaching dwelt much upon snares and the liability of weak human nature to be led astray by inclination. After close confinement in the sick-room the very air of heaven was a source of rapture. The bright spring aftemoou, the windy sky with patches of deepest blue shining through white fleecy clouds, and just one dark cloud overhead, holding the promise of an April shower; the daffodils waving with every gust; the yellow chestnut-buds just unfolding ; the tender young ferns peeping up through the mossy ground in sheltered places, snake fern and adder fern—what could be more beautiful than the neglected old manor at 6uch a season ? Even the dark-red cattle had a friendly air, Cynthia thought, and looked at her with grave kindliness. Never had Naomi been so kind or so loving to the poor little stepmother; and Oswald, who seemed quite a remote unsympathetic personage a little Avhile ago, came now as near as to be almost biotherly in his kindness—he was so grateful for Cynthia's devotion to his sick father. For the space of an hour by Oswald's watch these three perambulated the path on the skirts of the wood, making fresh discoveries of Nature's progress every day, and admiring the wonder of this gradual yet swift awakening of old Mother Earth after the dreary winter sleep. How quickly the flower-buds opened, and the little curled-up leaflets widened into leaves ! here, under last year's dead branches, arc the ferns of next summer ; the willows are yellow-green already; the mossy ground is enamelled with primroses and bluest violets. " Please God the poor old father picks up strength, we shall be married before the hawthorns are in flower," said Oswald to his be trothe.d Naomi's only answer was a sigh ; for her father had told her how little hope the doctor entertained of his patient's recovery. There was an appearance of improvement, however, at this time which deceived Oswald and Cynthia and the good-hearted drudge, Phoebe. The Squire's cough was almost gone, though his breathing was still troublesome' and his wits somewhat given to wander in the pauses of wakefulness between his brief slumbers. Ho was able to be moved from his bed to the great easy-chair, in which spacious piece of furniture he loooked like a living mummy, propped up with pillows. This seemed a great advance upon his condition of ton days ago; and Oswald fancied him on the high road to recovery—an opinion shared by the patient himself, though in querulous moments he declared that ho shouldn't trouble anybody long, and that Oswald would soon have the handling of the estate. " And a nice mess ho will make of it, for he knows no more of business than a baby," grumbled the Squire. Seeing her charge so far restored, and believing liis recovery as assured, despite lior husband's despondent view of the case, Cynthia was now anxious to return to her home duties. Those duties were not manifold, certainly, since Judith Haggard was the mainspring of the household machine; but Cynthia was at least her husband's companion, and she know that she was sorely missed by him. Sho had carefully instructed Phoebe iu all the offices of tho sick-room, and felt that sho might now leave the Squiro to that damsel's care, with just a little supervision and assistance from Oswald, who was a light sleeper, and mighUook in upon tho invalid now and then of a night to give him his wine or his mediciuc. When, however, Mrs. Haggard ventured to hint at departure, tho Squire's distress was piteous to behold. Could sho bo so cruel as to talk of leaving him, when but for her he should be in his grave ? If sho left him he should die. Phcobo nurse him, indeed ! Phoebe would murder him, with her big rough hands and lier ciumsy ways. He might die in his bed at any hour, with not a soul to help lnm, while Phoebe was snoriug like a pig by tho fireside. That girl thought of nothing but sleeping and eating; she was a lump of selfishness, like all tho rest of his servants. The old man shed tears; and the tears of feeble age are sad to see. What could Cynthia do ? The tender heart, iu which love and pity the ruling instincts, was moved to deepest compassion. She told her husband of the Squire's distress, and he said stay. " Stay, my love, if you can bear the trial of witnessing the end. It will not be long." " Does tho doctor really think he will die i" " Yes, dear; the doctor is quite hopeless. Nothing less than a miracle could save him, he says, and God has ceased to work miracles for our worthless mortal bodies. His super- natural dealings are with our souls." " Then I would not leave him on any account." " You have never seen death, Cynthia. You are not afraid to face the end 1" "No," she answered, bravely; "I fear nothing since you have taught mo where to put my trust." So Cynthia stayed and ministered to the departing sinner, and made these last days of his life sweeter to him than all the arid years of his widowhood, in which human affection had been as dead iu him as if he had been one of those conical stones which antiquity chose for its gods. He had grown really attached to his fair young nurse, and submitted to her with senile docility. " If I had had a daughter like you, my dear, I should have been a better man," he said. " You have had a good son, dear Mr. Pentreath." Yes, Oswald has never given me any trouble; but there's not much in him—a young man to be drawn any way. I'm afraid he'll spend my money like water. It's a hard thing to know one must lie in one's grave, not able to move a finger, while one's property is being made ducks and drakes of. That's the sting of death." " No, no, dear friend; the sting of death is "And isn't it sinful to fool away a fine estate 1" cried the Squire, testily. Wheeled close up to the glowing hearth in his big arm-chair, with a tumbler of warm negus, weak and harmless, but soothing to the spirits, on the little table at his elbow, the Squire listened with great complacency to Cynthia's Scripture-reading. If the Bible had been something less than it is, the keen old man would hardly have tolerated it, for he started with a strong prejudice in its disfavour. But the mighty Book compelled his attention, and seemed to appeal to him individually with a force his mortal weakness could not withstand Oswald now began to spend his afternoons in the sick-room, save that one hour which he spent out of doors with Cynthia and Naomi The Squire liked to have him there, and was fond of calling his attention to certain passages of Scripture which, in the father's mind, bore upou his son's deficiencies. Oswald was a very patient listener to that pious reading, to those touching Wesleyan hymns which Cynthia used to sing in the gathering twilight. Joshua, while following that set of Primitive Methodists and field- preachers, which the Rev. Hugh Bourne had founded early in the century, had adopted the Wesleyan hymn-book, and ditiered from the modern Wesleyaus chiefly in his closer adherence to tho principles of their pious founder. Sad, yet not unpleasing, days glided gently by in that quiet chamber; a spacious bedroom oak-pannellcd, with throe deep-set windows' a carved mantelpiece, six feet high, and a cunous old basket-grate set round with blue and white Dutch tiles, Scriptural illustrations to which the Squire referred now and then when Cynthia was reading. " David ! ah ! there he is, slaying Goliaththe third from the top. I remember when I was a boy I used to take Iiiiu for Jack the Giant-killer. And David was a sinner, was he, though the Lord loved him? Ah tho Lord had need to be fond of me, for I'vo'boen a great sinner. I wonder if John Wilkes is in heaven V' Sweet slow days which hardly loft a trace behind them, one being 80 like another, save a vague memory of a pleasing sadness. It seemed to Oswald, by- and-by, as if all his life were shut m this grave old room, and the outside world were something in which he had no part. Naomi noticed that his manner was dreamy and absent-minded at this time It was- about half-way between midnight and morning, just when tho night is coldest most silent, most dismal, that tho Squire called Cynthia to his bedside. Ho had been a little more resfless than usual, and had wandered morobetwoen his snatches of broken sleep; had talked of lus wildyouth, naming old friends old loves, long dead and half-forgotten ' " What was the name of that fellow who supped with us at the Blue Posts I" he asked eagerly. " You know,don<t you ? a 1 man with big whiskers and a belcher handkerchief-.! fighting: man." , t ~"" a Cynthia knelt down by the bed and took his coldhandand chafed at gently. There was a sharp ring iu his voice which ehe had never heard before. " That's a good girl, Polly—yos, my hand's very cold. You always had a good hearth- Polly; but too fond of spending money. Yen Polly, better marry the cheesemonger. Ho means well." Then tho dull eyes turned suddenly on Cynthia with slowly returning consciousness. " Is it you, child ? And you say God loves sinners ?" , " God loves all things that Ho has made " answered Cynthia, earnestly; "and Christ died to save sinners. If you repent of all your sins, dear Mr. Pentreath, and believe in that atoning Sacrifice^—-" " I'm sorry I didn't live a better life, and that I hadn't a daughter like you," interrupted tho Squire, faintly; and lotting his head sink softly upon Cynthia's breast, he quietly loosened his feeblo hold upon this mortal life, and passed into the unknown land beyond Not at first did Cynthia know that this was death ; and when the truth dawned upon her she uttered no cry, gave way to neither terror nor agitation, but gently laid the lifeless head upon the pillow, and went quietly to tell Oswald Pentreath that he was fatherless. She was surprised, even in this awful moment, to see that his door was ajar and a light burning in his room. She knocked, and he answered at once, " Come in." "Why has he been sitting up?" she wondered. He was sitting at a table with an open book before him, the candles burned down to the sockets of the old plated candlesticks, his hair and dress disordered as if he hie had been lying down, his eyes hollow and weary- looking. He started at sight of Cynthia but did not move from his seat or change his dejected attitude, his elbows on the table, his head leaning on his hands. " What is the matter ?" he asked. " Is my v father worse?" •' " All his pain is over, dear Oswald. God has taken him to His rest." " And you were with him at the lastalone—ho died in your arms ?" " Yes." " You are a saiut, an angel," cried Oswald, passionately, brushing the teare from his eyes. "You came into this house as an angel of mercy —you brought light to my poor old father's darkened mind. You made his last days the sweetest he had ever known. How can I evor forget your goodness ?" " There is nothing for you to remember. I have only done my duty. How pale you look, Mr. Pentreath ! this sudden loss has shocked you. He died so peacefully, and his words were good. Is not that comforting ?" " How could his thoughts ba evil with an angel at his side ? Poor old man! And he is gone t Yes, it is very sudden." " Why were you sitting up all night 1 Had you a presentiment that the end was so near?" "No," with a bitter laugh. "I eat up because I have , lost the knack of sleeping. My thoughts are too active, and I try to quiet them with philosophy; but I cau no more read than I can sleep. My ideas travel iu a circle, and always come back to the same point." " You have been too anxious about your father," said Cynthia, with a look that was half pity, half wonder." " Yos; I am too devotod a son—that is my strong point." " Will you go and see him i" " Yes; and there will be people to send for, I suppose, as soon as it is light ? " He opened a shutter. The stars wero pale in a cold gray sky : daybreak was at hand, and in that chilly half-light Oswald Peutwath's haggard face looked like a ghost's. : • He followed Cynthia to the Squire's room. Phoibe had roused tho small'household; The housekeeper was there already, and had begun the last dismal offices which life can lender to death. " I laid out your sweet mother, Mr. Pentreath, faltered tho crone. " She looked lovely iu her coffin." . Tho old butler had gone to the village to awaken the sexton, in order that the passingbell might speedily inform CombhaVon that its seigneur had departed; Phoebe stood at tlie bottom of tho groat fourpost-bod, with her ^ apron over her face, weeping as iu duty bound - —not that'sho had loved Squire Pentreath, but because it was proper to cry at a death ar a funeral. To weep for her deceased master was an obligation which, although not expressly set forth in the Catechism, rns implied , in the general idea of doing 1 her duty in that' state of life to which it had 'pieced God to ,11 her And if the Squire, although a hard man should have happened to do the right thine in the way of legacies and mourning, it would be a comfort to remember having onoured him with these disiutorcsted tear*. Oswald went round and kissed the cold hrow of the dead, and then stood by the bedside looking down at that unconscious clay, with a curious blank look in his own face, as if he knew not whether there were any further A, required of him. "He looked clean daVr' the housekeeper said afterwards, when she and the old man-servant discussed the dismal scene over a substantial breakfast. The sliutters had been opened, and the candles burned with a yellow glare in the cold crav light. Cynthia looked at her neat silver watch, Joshua's gift upon her wedding-morn- "Half-past five o'clock," she said. "I think I had better go home now, Mr. Pentveath. If Joshua phould hear the passingbell, he would be coming to fetch me." "Why not wait till ho comes?" asked I would rather save him tlio trouble. I can do no more good here." " No; you can do no more good." She took iier black mantle from a drawer, and put on her bonnet, and then went up to Oswald, who was still standing by the bed with that helpless absent look in his face. "Good-bye, Mr. Pentreath; I hope you will take comfort to your heart in this loss." " I am coming with yon. You cannot go home alone at this hour." " Do you think I am afraid of the birds or the opening flowers?" Cynthia asked. You must not go alone." " Come with me, if you like. Joshua will he glad to 6ee you. You can stop to breakfast with us and 6ee Naomi." Cynthia thought it a work of charity to t;ilce him away from that death-chamber. Joshua could comfort and advise him. The morning air blew in coolly when Oswald softly opened the great hall-door. That, clear cool light of dawn had a soothing influence; the solemn 6tillness of park and wood, the hollow murmur of yonder steel-gray sea, flecked with whitest foam, awed and yet comforted the heart, or so it seemed to Cyn tliia as she walked beside her silent compan ion. The bell began to toll as they came from the park into the wooded lane that led down the bay and the open space at the beginning of the high street. Each slow and dismal stroke made Cynthia shiver, as if each repetition were a surprise. She made no attempt to console her companion during this lonely walk, which might be supposed a fitting opportunity for the expression of sympathy. If ho needed human consolation, Joshua's wisdom could better measure and administer to his necessity, she thought; and, next to Joshua, Naomi would be the best, and most natural consoler. But to Cynthia's surprise, when they came to the little green gate, Oswald refused to go in. Tho parlor- shutters had been opened, and the household was evidently astir. She urged him to stay to breakfast, or at least to see Joshua. " No," he said ; " it is very kind of you to wish it; but I am too much upset. I would rather go back. I shall have many things to arrange. I may bo wanted." "Joshua shall come to you, then," replied Cynthia. " Good-bye." She gave him her hand. Ho held it in both his own for a moment or two, looking at her with an expression full of sadness, half piteous, half pleading. He bent his head over the cold gloveless hand and kissed it. There were tears upon it when he let it go, and with a scarcely audible blessing, he left Cynthia Haggard standing at the gate,land walked quickly back towards the Grange. CHAPTER XVIIL THE SORROWS OF WERTHEB. Oswald Pentreath, having set his father's papers in order, and reduced the dusty chaos ofth old Squire's private study into form, found himself, comparatively speaking, a rich man. Those long years of retirement in which •squire Pentreath had hold himself aloof from all social intercourse had not been spent in vain They loft their fruit behind them in the shape of stock, and shares, and bonds, which all meant money; tor Mr. Pentreath, had not speculated his savings in wild ventures, but had cloven to safe investments, and had been content with a reasonable percentage. JNot oven for the chance of doubling his cap- Hal would ho have risked it. His was not the genius of tho stockjobber, but rather tho plodding temper of tho village miser, who puts com to coin, and finds an all-sufficient joy in the growth of his hoard. ' The estate was in excellent order—every mortgage paid off—and tho rental was close to•three thousand a year. The Squire's in- S « thousand, and orougut Oswald's W 6 r o W o income H h a a o t to h o r an amount which, 1 0 a man who had seldom onjoyed tho unfettered U60 of a five-pound note, seemed inordinate wealth. Tho Squire had made a will, dated the year of his son Arnold's flight, bequeathing twenty pounds a year to each of his old servants, and all tho rest of his property, real and personal, to Oswald. There was no mention of the younger 6on. In tho letter which informed Arnold of his father's death, Oswald affectionately urged his brother to give up a seafaring life and return to Combhaven, where he should have one of the farms and a thousand a year. " My father's will was. evidently made in a fit of anger against you," wrote Oswald ; " you must uot think that I could be so unjust as to take advantage of my father's injustice and keep all for myself. No, Arnold; I am 6ure you know me better than to suppose mo capable of such iniquity. I shall bo a rich man in any case. You must have had enough of the sea by this time. Come back, my dear brother, for the sake of the good old days when wo were boys together. I want you more than I can say. I love you as dearly as I did when we were children, and I was tho big brother. Do you remember that summer day when we lost ourselves in Matcherly Wood, and you were so tired I was obliged to carry you home ? When we had got about half-way you wanted to carry me, though I was twice your size. I never pass that corner of the wood without remembering what you said, and your cliugiug arms round my neck, and your warm cheek next mine." Tho Squire being laid with his forefathers, and honoured with a handsome funeral—which was attended by many people who liad detested him living, but reverenced him as a parochial institution dead—life at the Grange fell back into its old quiet round, save that the door was more frequently assailed by importunate tenants, who boldly asked favours of the new lord which they would not have dared to hint at to the old one. The old servants felt that the spirit of parsimony was gone from the household, and kept a better table; but they had been so long and severely trained in economy, that extravagance was an impossibility for them, and Oswald had nothing to apprehend on that score. For his own part, the new master had a curious feeling of freedom as he paced the dull old rooms and rattled the money in his pockets absently, wondering how it had come there. He looked very handsome and melancholy in his sable suit, and the young ladies who came to tho parish church, where he worshipped alone in his big pew on Sunday mornings, thought it a hard thing that he should have engaged himself to a Methodist parson's daughter. He attended Little Bethel of an evening, they were informed, which seemed an uumauly dallying with two creeds—to say nothing of chapel being so much less genteel than church, and a mode of salvation peculiarly adapted for the shopkeeping class, who did not mind perspiring together in a limited 6pace, and inhaling one another's breath. Naomi's wedding seemed along way off in these days, when the Squire's funeral was still tho newest topic in Combhaven, and when people had not yet left off disputing in a friendly way as to tho number of the mourning coaches, or inveighing bitterly against those tonauts who ought to have attended the funeral and had not done so. Shadow and remote— the merest speck in a cloudy future—seemed that marriage-day which had once been so near, the fair to- morrow of life. Oswald was quite broken down by his father's death—more grieved than even Naomi, who best knew the softness of his nature, had cxpected him to be. It was not likely that he could talk of marriage at such a time, and Naomi was neither surprised nor offended at his silence about the wedding that avas to have boon, and the faroff wedding which was to be. She put away her wedding-dress on the day of the Squire's funeral, while tho sepulchral bell, which had rung out its solemn note for the passing of his soul, tolled again in the windy April weather, while, through changing lights and shadows, by fluttering young leaves, arid under the blue sky where the lark was singing above the dark-brown earth newly piierced by tho green corn- spears—came the black funeral train—sable plumes, horses' manes, mourners' scarves tossing in the fresh April breeze—slowly winding down the hilly road to Combhaven. The funeral-bell was in Naomi's oars as she folded tho pretty pearl-gray silk—tho first silk dress she had over possessod—shedding some quiet tears as she smoothed the folds, and laid the garment in a drawer, wrapped in fresh white linen, with a sprinkling of dried lavender, as beseemed so precious a fabric. There was tho serviceable brown cloth pelisse, too, which she was to have worn on her journey to Cheltenham, where she and Oswald were to have spent their honeymoon. That also must bo put away for the days to come. Naomi's wear for tho neKt six months was to be sombre black. Sho had .put on mourning for lior botrothed'a father, as in duty bound. Cynthia also wore black, and Aunt Judith had produced a suit of ancient sable, rusty but whole, not sorry to have this opportunity of wearing out the surplus stock left from her mourning for her sisterin-law, when Joshua, in his character of griefstricken widower, had been naturally liberal, and had allowed her to lay in large supplies of bombazine and crape. Oswald said little about the postponed wedding, but ho came to Mr. Haggard's as often as before his father's death ; and oven Judith, who was lying in wait for a deterioration in his character now that he had come into his fortune, could not yet put her finger on a flaw. He was changed, nevertheless \ but the change was sweet and commendable in his nature, as it was in Hamlet, when that young prince gave way to moodiness and despondency after the loss of his parent. He was melancholy, and often absent-minded, his cheek paler than of old, his eye heavier. Never had Naomi loved him so tenderly as now, when, for the first time since their betrothal, he needed sympathy and consolation. To her who so deeply loved her father, this grief for a parent seemed in no wise strained or unnatural. True that tho Squire had not been one's ideal of a father—not a gracious and dignified figure like that dead Hamlet who revisited the glimpses of the moon; but death has a sanctifying influence—nay, even a fantastical power, which lends new attributes to the image of the departed—and Oswald, whose youth had been made a time of restraint and deprivation by his father's meanness, was softhearted enough to regret his tyrant. Never did man seem less inclined to take advantage of a loosened rein and run into riot and extravagance. Day after day Oswald led the same calm orderly life—riding or reading in the mornings, according to the weather ; devoting his afternoons and evenings to his betrothed. He had thoughts of buying, or buildj g» a yacht; but deferred even this indulgence in n the hope of Arnold's return. "We'll build our yacht here, in Comb haven," he said; " and Arnold shall superin tend the work and be skipper." Oswald looked forward to his brother's coming with an almost feverish impatience. It seemed as if there were some innate weakness in his character which made him incapable of enjoying the privilege of independence. Now that his father was gone, he wanted his brother for a guide and adviser. Or it might be only the affection of the elder brother for the younger, made a barren love by long years of separation, which now yearned for the uuforgotten companion of boyhood. Whatever feeling it was that made him anxious, Oswald's anxiety was very evident; and Naomi sympathised with him in this longing, and loved to hear him talk of his brother- " How fond I shall be of him !" sho said one evening, when they were sitting on the old bench in the wilderness, talking of Arnold. " He is like you, Oswald ; I have heard my father say so. He remembers you both as boys." " Yes, we were always considered very much alike. But Arnold is stouter and stronger built than I—a man of tougher fibre altogether. It seemed the most natural thing in the world for him to run away to sea. You might have prophesied it of him when he was two years old. Such a hardy, bold, uncompromising little vagabond, but brimming over with affection." "And fond of you, Oswald?" " Fond of mo ! Bless his loving little heart! He used to run after me like an affectionate puppy when he first began to toddle ; such a round fat little thing in those baby-days; always ready for fisticuffs in my defence, though I was twice his size. There was a time when he would not go to sleep of a night unless I sat on tho edge of his bed and told him stories. Yes, I have good reason to love him, dear fellow ; and the strongest claim ho has upon my love is my latest memory of my mothor, when I saw the sweet pale face lying on tho pillow, and Arnold's baby-eyes looking up at it," The tears came in his oyes as he spoke of that sad memory, almost dreamlike in its remoteness. Naomi put her liaud in his without a word. Only by that gentle touch did sho remind him that it was her mission to share all ,his griefs, even tho old unforgotten sorrows of his earliest days. It was a mild May evening—an evening on the edge of summer, with a perfect calmness in atmosphere and sky—an evening on which the soul broods on 6ad sweet thoughts. The lovors had been sitting alone for an hour or more, talking by fits and starts, with lengthening intervals of silence. "My father has been dead five weeks, hasn't he, Naomi?" Oswald asked, after a pause, during which Naomi's needle had been methodically travelling along a fine linen wristband, leaving a lino of pearly stitches behind it. Tho manufacture of a shirt for her father was a work of high art with Naomi. Yos, dear; five weeks yestorday." " Then in seven weeks more wo must he Trade AddresseB. Cosmopolitan labour Office, 8 ALBERT STREET, CIRCULAR TJUAY IVDSGVi Shipping find l RE prepareifto exc islons of every XJL description.', Sea sea pmns, | wouiraciwrH, infractors, turn and Employers If Labour generally coffld not do better than by apjf yidg*xo A. M. & Co. tor the engagement of lajfour for all parts of the colony. Ships' Cooks, Butchers, Stewards, and Bakers can be had at this office from 10 to 4. Immigrants forwarded on the arrival of each ship. Parties residing at a distance will find that it will save both time and expense by sending to A. M and Co. Insurances effected. All orders punctually attended to. P T. II. AXM» L.iF. BlIXTKB, RIVATE rtUAFTyflEN, connected with the Sifrveym-GencHd's OfficjLgydncy. Plans and Tracings otj»ery descriptiofiprepared. Land Agency bulineelconductedwith despatch. Addrcssuox 832, General Post Office} Office, 32 Bridge-street, Sydney. W wanted JOHN B 00L and'PitKiifce, tfive Stock, Station, and Geneg$ Agent, StDNEYj Local Agent M. K ( CART.ZN F A M I L Y B U f C^TE R, TOWNSEND STREET, ALBURY Near the Flour Mills. NOTICE. Sydney Land Agency! Sydney Land Agency! TO PASTORAL TENANTS, FRJSE SELECTORS 1 , AND^er HE undereig^ed UNDERTAKE any BUSI- T NESS connected with the different branches of the Lands, Mining, and Deed Departments. Prompt attention and charges reasonable. HERBERT H. BROWN & Co,, Land Agents. 21 Exchange Buildings, Pitt-st., Sydney. VINCENT BROWN, Land Agency, Land Agency, 32, Bridge §teueet, Btonsje, INCENT/ BROWN (late agent for tbe IUawarra /Steam Navigation Company), Clyde V and Merrimbula. Business with the Lands, Treasury, and other Government Departments transacted with promptitude. PHILLIPS AND KEIGHSAN, Stock, Sutton, lAnd Agents, and j Amcti6m^»B, 355, GEORGE-STREET, SYDNEY. Wf R/ G 0 N L E Commission ajid «renei[al Agent, >EVN-STREET?: (Next door to Mr. Justice). ApX Auctioned and Co Wodoii I M'CLEEBT, ion Agent, Chilfccrn, Ro^jherglen, and XTahgunyah. ARNOLD, GRE3LEY & CO., .a Auctioneers, STOCK, STATION, & b0MMIsllON AggNTS f w U R A . f N.B.—A., G. & Co. are Cash Purchasers of all de 6criptionsof Colonial Produce. WM. J. JOJKESj ARBITHATIOB, 4 f AL/ATOE, f usol "V. I AUCTIONEER. JOSEPH BACKHOUSE, Architect; OFFICE—Dean-street, ojtaosj&Mechanlcs;' Institute, PlUVATE RESIDENCE— Corner of Olive and Hume- streets, ALBUBY. GORDON AND SHEPPARD, Architects and45uryey<*g, . D^N-gTREim ALBTffi Y/ GURWOOD-13TREET, WAGGAWAGGA. Surveyors W Fourth Victorian Permanent Build- Society, &c.;, &c.; FREDK. HUSING, I A, / laker and'- 1 WATCHES, Clocks and Jewellery of the best description i also, all kinds of Fancy and Plated Goods , TTIILNTER'S EXPRESS is atlll running for SIX- J? PENCE BACH WAJ^ married, Naomi," said Oswald, as seriously as he had spoken of liis mother's death. Thi was Ills first word about the postponed marriage, and it startled Naomi as if it had been the most unlikely subject for a lover's dis- " So soon, dear?" "Throe months, Kaoiui. Surely that is long enough to wait out of respect to the dead. It is not as if we lneamt to have a grand wedding, Wo will just walk quietly into the old parish church some morning, with your father and his wife, and Aunt Judith and Jim, and there shall be a postchaise at the lych-gate, ready to drive us to Cheltenham. Let me sec, this is the twentyfourth of May. We may be married early in July. Why should we wait any longer?" "Dear Oswald, you must know I have hardly a wish that is not yours," Naomi began, earnestly. " I know you are all goodness." " But—" "But what, loveV I have fancied—it may be nothing more than fancy perhaps, but you must not be angry with me for speaking of it—I have fancied lately that there was some change in your feeling for me ; it is not that you have been less kind or affectionate, yet I have felt the change. You remember how my father wished that we should be very sure of each other's sincerity. That is why he wanted us to wait two years before we were eveu engaged. The two years are not gone vet; and if—if the change has come—the change he thought likely, he who knows the human heart and its. weakness— let us loosen the bond, dear Oswald. There •shall be no word of complaint from me—1 should neither blame you nor think ill of you, dear love—I should honour you for being frank and truthful with inc—and keep the memory of our happy days as the most sacred part of my life—and be your affectionate friend to my death." " Best, noblest, dearest, you are only too good for me ! " cried Oswald, clasping his betrothed to his breast, moved to a rapture of reverence and regard by her generous kinduess. " Xo, I have never changed to you—no, I could never change in my esteem, my admiration for all that is highest in woman. Do you remember those verses of Waller's, dear : Amoret! as sweet and good As the most delicious food, Which, but tasted, docs impart Life and gladness to the heart.' You are my Amoret, dearest. What do I want with Sacharissa's beauty, ' which to madness doth incline* 1" " But you ought to go to London now that you are free and rich ; you ought to see the world, Oswald, and in London you may meet your Sacharissa," suggested Naomi, radiant with happiness. She hae said what had long been in her mind to say. She had made her offer of selfsacrifice, iu all good faith, and it had been rejected. She had no further fear or hesitation. " I don't care about London, love. It is nothing but a den of thieves, according to my poor father's description. When I see it we will see it together, and go to the Tower, and •St. Paul's, aud the waxworks, and Westminster Abbey, like regular country cousius. Come, Naomi, let us be serious and talk about the future. There is the old house to be brightened and smartened a little before I take Juy wife home to it. I should have had much ado to screw a new carpet and a coat of whitewash out of my father; but I am the master now, and I can pull down the Grange and build an Italian villa after Palladio, if you like." " Dear Oswald, you must know that I would not have you disturb a stone of the old house." " In good faith, dear, I shouldn't care to do it. It is the house my mother lived and died in, tho first house my eyes saw, the house where my brother was born, the only house that has ever been home to mo, though, heaven knows, it has been but a cheerless homo at times. No] wc won't alter, Naomi; we will only beautify! I have been too idle all this time. I'll send to Exeter for an architect, and put the business in hand at once." (To be continued.) King Humbert is beginning his reign well. He engages to settle his father's liabilities' 30,000 000 lire, out of hiB own private means, and he will sell Castel Porziano, a vast hunting estate bought by tho nation as a present to Victor Emmanuel. The Cologne Gazette says the German name borne by tho present King of Italy is an old one In the family of Savoy, being that of Humbert, surnamed Whitebani, who is said to be the fonder of their house. He lived atlheBurgundian Court in tbe year 1000, and received from the Emperor Conrad the districts of Savoy and Aosta. Humbert II. had the Duchy, which .he considerably increased between 1091 and 1103 and Huinburt III. reigned at the time of Barbarossa's campaigns against the Lombard cities, died a monk, and was placed by the predecessor of Pius IX. among the Saints, After him no scion ot the House of Savoy boro the name till Victor Emmanuel gave it to his son, thus connecting the lofty position his House now holds with its modestorigin. 