PAGES IN TffE FIRE. BY AN OLD BUSIIMAN. ? J CHAT. XIV. During the .passage home Morell's admiration became love for the gentle girl thus strangely thrown upou his protection, and he made «p hiss; mind to retire from a seafaring life as soon as possible, and to make her his wife if phe, would accept him. Phillip was a rough-looking fellow, aud uot very attractive, hut he had auoble heart, aud he respected the unprotected position of the young lady too much to say one word of hi* love during Hie passage home, yet he felt sure that she knew his feelings towards her, and hoped she was favorably disposed towards him, and even when lib had placed her under the care of his cousin Agnes Sarsfield, knowing the risks and uncertainties of his profession he would not nay anything which should biud her to himself. At parting they had u few words together, und as she bid him good-bye with tears he told her that this was to be his last voyage, and that when he returned he should ask someone whom he loved very dearly to become his wife, adding, ".You will not altogether forget me while I am away, will you, Mary?" to which she replied, "I shall never forget the heat friend I have in the world." The voyage to India and back was at that time an undertaking of some magnitude, and fully 18 mouths elapsed before Phillip found himself again within sight of the white cliffs of Old England, and in the meantime Maurice Sarsfield, forgetful of the debt of gratitude he owed his cousin, had wooed and won Mary Jamieson for himself, and had done this in the most treacherous manner. Having accidentiy heard their few parting words he told- the poor girl a few days afterwards that Phillip Morell had been engaged for several yeara to a lady in London, and had told him that on his return from this voyage he intended to marry her. Poor Mary felt humiliated' at haviug so mistaken his last words to her, but kept, as she supposed, her secret locked in her own breast, while Maurice, who had always allowed his passions to sway hint wore than any consideration of honor, grew very much *i» love with his friend's intended wife, and his sister having been won over to aid him in his dishonorable scheme, they were married several months before Phillip's return. When Phillip lauded he Wrote to Mary, aud then proceeded with all haste to the house of his cousin, but the letter was intercepted by Maurice, as others had biisa before, so that Mary, now the wife of another, knew nothing of his hopes, or of his intended visit, "and was persuaded by her husband to pay a fortnight's visit to some friends in the City of Hereford. Aud now came the retribution. Dreading to meet his injured friend, and yet hoping that he would arrive before*!lis wife returned, Maurice passed the time from day to day in trying to cheer his cowardly spirit with copious doses of brandy, and &till; Phillip, detained by the business of hie ship, had not come, and Mrs. Sarsfield was expected home in two or three daye. However, the next day he arrived, alone and early, in order to consult his cousin before putting the question which would decide the course of his future life. Almost the first question he put was, " How is Mary'/" and, " Where is she V" Maurice replied that she was quite well, ami had gone with his sister to visit some friends. " Well," said Phillip, " L am sorry I cannot bring you murt welcome news, but I must tell you that your wretched wife is leading a worse life than ever. I saw her just before 1 left Calcutta." Maurice, whose nerves were shattered by self- indulgence, when he heard his wife: named began to tremble, for the thought of eome calamity had occurred to him, still he never thought of any wife but the one wfcicli he had stolen from his friend. But when that friend had finished the sentence the full shuck of his wickedness and mi scry came upon him. He loved, as much as it wats in his nature to love, the gentle creature he had married a few months • before. under the impression that he was free, and now he found he had uo right to her or the affectionate care wliich had made his career during 'the last eightmonths purer and happier than ajiy other portion of his life. Overcome by the shock he groped around him like a blind .man, and fell heavily into his seat. Phillip rushed to his assistance, and when the wretched man recovered his speech he gasped out " Good God, what have I done. I thought I was a free man." Then gradually Phillip extorted the confession of Maurice's treachery to his best friend, mingled with appeals for mercy. Phillip was too deeply wounded in his honest heart to listen to his mtifut 'whining, Ifising m auger lrum his seat he replied, " Maurice, you arc a blackhearted M-ouudrcl, and an ungrateful hound, and if f .'tay here another minute I shall be tempted t«> Clit yourdastardly throat. But as G<«1 is in v judge I will bring your punishment home to you." He then left the house, and wandered about the grounds. It was useless to refill to rest. He knew he cm Id not Ble^K i"*" 3 '"' 1 WMS a tnll)u!t »' were shattered,, hi* dream of happiness dissr- 1 l>ated.'and this had been done by the friend upon whom he had heaped benefits all Jus life. Thoughts of bitter vengeance passed tluough his mind, and it was well that he had left hi* enemy's house, or he iifny have hud murder ou JUH rfoul. But as the tumult of uassion subsided, hi* love for Mary led liim to liity the false and painful position she was l4iu**l in, and he determined to s«cn]ice his own feelings to the happiness of her he loveU so dearly. Early in the morning he went to the village inn uot far from Sarefidd Hall, and penned the following note to his rival :— " Maurice Sarsfield,—I ought to have known what a villaiu you are, and uot have trusted what I held so dear within your reach ; but as I do not want to destroy your innocent wife I make you this last proposition—Meet me to-night at 11 o'clock at the bridge at the cross-roads, for I will never again enter your house, aud bring with you the written confession of your treachery aud guilt. Unless you do this I will immediately publish your infamy, aud bring you to justice. If you agree to do* this you must on some pretext leave your home, and not return to Mary until yon are in a position to make her your lawful wife. Upon these couditious alone L will leave your punishment to your own conscience, if you have any.—PHILMP MONKM,. 1 ' The meeting took place on that night, aud Phillip Morell disappeared from the neighborhood, nor did he return to his acquaintances in London. He had obtained his discharge from his ship, aud wherever he went he was lost sight of from that day. But Maurice did not leave his home. When his wife returned a few days afterwards she found that he had relapsed into the habits of debauchery which her influence had been strong enough to save him from while she was living in the house, and nil her pleading was of no avail. In spite of the remonstrances of his sister, and the intreaties of his wife, he became a confirmed drunkard, and in his fits of delirium he •would rave about some horrible crime he hud committed, which first terrified his gentle wife, aud then, as she began to understand his incoherent ravings, she sank into a confirmed state of melancholy. A son was shortly afterwards born to Maurice, but its mother never rose from her bed of sickness. She was taken to that place where "the I wicked cease from troubling, and the weary are at rest." Maurice's state now became worse tliuu ever, and his whole life consisted of alternations between fits of deep despondency and drunken delirium, during which it was necessary to put him under restraint, and at length the* wretched man put the fitting end to his .misspent life by wandering down to the bridge at midnight, aud there shooting himself through the head. He lived long enough, however, to eoufess to the murder of his m cousin, whom he had shot on thateveniu ? «»»»•»«« »»•"* "" when he met him by appointment at the bridge, and buned on the bank, where a luxuriant, growth of ferns and brambles assisted to hide the evidence of his crime. Search was made, the body of Phillip -Morell was removed from its resting-place, and deposited iu the Sarsfield family vault, while that tiiat of or hiE Ihb assassin assasBiu was buried ounea near the tuc scene of his crimes, aud, as the custom was iu those* barbarous days, a stake was driven through thJ body of the suicide, which tradition averred grew into the wil ow tree near the Lr ki and that at dead of night the ghost of e murderer may be seen,"with shrieks of ho r r and4^*fcvfrying in vain to uproot the tree wiiieif^iA gveoifin men's minds the memory of his crime. However this may he, Sarsfield Hall was without doubt haunted by the geuius of desolation, aud the remembrance of a fearful crime, and it had a fitting aspect, the doors aud windows hail mouldered, and almost falleu from their hinges, liven the iron bars on the latter were rusted almost through. The gardeu had become a wilderness, and the noble flight of steps had partly crumbled away, while they had be come overgrown witfi a luxuriant crop of moss and lichen. The property of the feh tie wits not confiscated, as was sometimes the case, but a claimant for the estate appeared a few years afterwards in the person of the son of the wife in India, and the pro pern- got into thcC^urt of C l « J and ennchedthe lawyers injHt £L3£ " d 1 U S the woifd 'when L arrived at mau's estate. Walter continued :—1 was the more impressed by the tale of the old sexton, ami remembered it all the more clearly through an incident which occured to me u few days afterwards iu Sai^field House. 1 bail been shooting over the fields iu the neighborhood, which were let to a farmer, while the house remained unoccupied, and feeling some curiosity to see the scenes til' which I had so lately heard I borrowed the key from the farmer's wife, and went on a tour of inspection. Leaving my gun and pointer dog in the spacious hall, which had once been tiled, but was now overgrown with : weeds, I climbed up the dihipitated stone jjtairciiW, and scrambled over the upper rooms, in which, although they were large and had r been beautiful, ' - -- there was ' nothing •• particular to tempt u longer stay, as the roof hail become broken, and the rain hud rotted the ceiling and Honrs, making them dangerous to stand upon or under iu some places. 1 therefore returned to the ground floor, aud entered a large room, W'hicJj probably had been used us the diningroom, but WHS'HUW used by the farmer as a granary, for there were ncoros of bugs of corn of different kinds stacked round the walls, ajji] in one corner was a heap of potatoes. Being i-ather iljjvd I sat down on a bag of wheat, and soon fell usloop. Ilow long I slept 1 had no idea at the time, but 1 must have tu.-,.'); eu)> for two houi>, when I was awakened bv 9 djsniuj groan, followed by a siuick, both loud and shrill, and aliening my eyes 1 saw something strange aud unearthly flit across the room. It was not a substance for I cou^d see the outlines of the massive . fireplace and chimney-piece though it. Kor could it be cailfd a shadow, as it wp lighter than any part of the room, and for a moment seemed to shine with a pliosphoresent glow against the vail, aud then melt away into darkness. The groan and dismal scream followed by the apparition gliding across the room was twice repeated, aud I felt a rather queer sensation creeping over me aa if my hair was rising up, aud a tingling sensation of the skiu pervaded the whole of my body. I rubbed my eyes, and wondered whether 1 had been dreaming, when, lo! the apparition appeared again, accompanied by the sauie groans ami shriek*. 1 may as well admit that I was horribly frightened, and determined to clear out of that place of horrors, but the worst had not come 3'el. In reaching for my gun, which I had leaned against the slack of wheat, I felt the touch of a hand oil my wrist, cold aud clammy, as that of a corpse. This was more than flesh arid blood could hear, and I bounded to my feet with a yell (which must have convinced any passing traveller in the neighborhood that the house was really hamrted) arid at the same time fell headlong over Pouto, my pointer dog, the touch of whose cold nose had put the climax to my previous scare. When I recovered my legs aud wits 1 found the sounds and spectral appearance were easily accounted for. One of the old window shutters in moving with the wind emitted the ominous sounds, and at the same time had Hashed into the dark room a gleam of the bright .moonlight, which for an instant flickered across the wall and then disappeared with the closing of the shutter.— (To be continued.) 