AN ACTOR'S STORY. So you want to hear my story, do you ? Well, it'H a sad one; hut, though the recital will not bring a smile to your lip, it may prove a useful lesson and serve as a warning to you. All ready? Well, I'll begin. Will 1 have a drink? No, than): you! No, indeed, not if it was to save my life! 1 know you mean no harm by the invitation ; you intend only kindness and courtesy; hut, if you knew all that tho love of strong drink his cost mc, the sonow it has brought into my life, aud the dark shadow it has trailed across my pathway, I hdieve that you would nev.^r again ask me to hold a glass of liquor to my lips. It wa= of that I was going to leu you! You see, I was travelling in the far West, bringing up at las', at San Fran'-i-co. I was doing variety "biz," and little Nell trapeze, danemg, etc. Nell? See was mylittlegirl—the prettie.iC creature the sun ever sho.io on. Didn't know that I was married ? Well, you see your mistake. Poor Kitie—my wife.— heis was rM re a dial tae! You see, we were playing an engagement at a certain fashionable theatre, when, one night during the pi-rfu-mauce, a lire broke out, hy accident, behind the scenes. Katie v/aii standing near waiting for her "calf" on, wheu the flames suddenly h.ir.-.t forth, and, s< iziug her gauzy dress enveloped her in their horrible folds. And I stood there and saw it all—the writhing, leaping, red demons winding their deai lily arms about the slender form of my darling ; her agouiziog ehiieks and cries for mercy, it seemed as if I should go mud. In an instaut 1 sprang forward and grasped lier in my arms. I seized a shawl that was lyiiii near, v,-rapped it arouud her, and so extinguished the flames. But Katie! my lovely, bright-eyed darling—she, you'll understand, my friend, I—I can't br-nr to talk of it—she only lingered a few hours, aud died in horrible agony. Pardon these tears. It all happened long ago. I am an old fellow now, and will roou bo ou the letired list of the profession, but the memory of that terrible uighi s'iil haunts me. It overwhelms me, unmans me, and breaks me do «vii. j Well, after that I cUing tenaciously (for 1 poor, weak human nature must have something to which it can dine), with all the strength of my desolate ami stricken heirt. to my one anchor—my only hope, my li'tle Nell. On, how 1 loved the child 1 Yei, believe it, even when ym have heard my dreadful story. She Was KO like her dead mother, with her great, soft, dark (yea, and w.iviug, gol.'eu hair, th.it fieemed to catch nil tho dauciug biiii1]».u;13, and hold them prisoners in its shining me-hes. Her form was so delicate aa-i fairy-like, ln-r every movement full of gracu, I knew that the was destined to make a reputation ou tho boards, and from her infancy I had trained her and watched over linr, aud devoted myself to her, uii'il I waa rewarded by the knowledge that there wan no more gruceful danseuse in the profession ; and as for the trapeze " biz," I aid never, iu all my long experience, beheld anything to compare with her. She was so beautiful, ko nuick and dashing, she soon b came a popular f.ivouri'e, and mousy b~gau to pour steadily into our not over-full coffers That's thu time I like to think about. Afterwards—ah ! who would look back if they could help it? How few of us date to do it ? L )t'e wife, by louking back, became a pillar of bait; " and you, whose life has gone by contraries, by looking back, will become a pillar otetona—a much worse fate." I've read that eotnewhere, and it's as true a ti ing as ever was written. 'Well, I'd come to the wrong corner of my life, knd when a man once turns that corner he's gone, ani? no hope for him. Don't look at me so pitifully ; I can'c bear pity, even from your kind eyea, my friend. Let me hasten to the end of ray fitory—my tragedy. Ycu see, about that time I took to drinking. I didn't realise ^that I was taking the first atep on the downward track ; but I had eo many " friends" (bah ! such " friends" are really a man's worat enemies), and they congratulated me on Nell's aucceesj and invited me to drink; and no, elated by all the kind things they said (they were a set of well-meaning fellows, and never dreamed at the harai2they were doing). I got into the habit of drinking with them and leaving Nell alone when she should have had her father—her only earthly friend—at her side to protect and care for her. So I went on from bad to worse. You know how fast a man goes down hill when he's once started, and at laet it was all I could do to retain my position in the company, for I was alwaya more or less intoxicated. I believe it waff Null's swaet face and gentle ways that had ao won on the heart ot the manager that, aside from her popularity, was the cause of my being retained with the troupe. Bat I must hasten. One evening I came home, cross and out of sorts, to find N«;1I lying ou the couch, white and wan. "What's the matter?" I demanded, roughly. " 0 father," she cried, lifting her Eoffc, aad eyea to my bloated face, " I feel so bad to-night ! I'm right weak and dizzy. Can't stay at home for once? Won't you Bee Mr. Mills, the manager, and beg him to let me off for to-night ? Truly, I am very ill, and I believe he will excuse me 1" ' Excuse you !" I growled. " Not much! I've made a bet with some men who are to be at the theatre, and I've got fifty dollars staked on your wire-performance. You're to do the new business to-night, you know. Come, be getting ready !" Siio put up both little hands with » nervoua cry. "O father! father!" she wailed pleadingly, " I cannot—indeed, I caniwf do the new act to-night ! I'm non able ! I shall get dizzy up there and fall. I know it. Father" —her voice grew dignified and firm—" I ehall not go 1" Don't look at cie in that way, my friend; I can't bear the acorn in your face. I was maddened with drink, remember. I was no better than a savage or a wild beast. I—I— raised my clenched hand, and—I struck my little child ! Don't—don't speak a word, for God'g aake I . : . Well, I went to the theatre; a spasm of remoree touched me, and I determined to tell the manager that she was ill and could not appear. But, when I got behind the scenes, to my amazement, little Nell was there before me, frightfully white and wan, and a great, red mark upon one pallid cheek. She came atraight up to me, and laid her slender hand on mine. " You didn't mean it, father dear," the little angel whispered. " I forgive you—and I'll (ry to play my part." Bat I only pushed her from me and turned away. God ! it I could but recall that night I f would lay my life down williugly to be able to undo that deed. " Well, the curtain was rung up and the performance began, and went on—and at last came Nell's new act on the wire—something more reckleas aud daring than anything she had ever before attempted. Sae bounded out before the noisy audience like a lovely spirit. The rouge on her cheeks covered the imprint of a father's dastardly blow ; she waa bewitching beyond compare. I shall never, never forget it. The eight that I witnessed that awful night follows me about for ever, like an avenging spirit, aud haunts me persistently like some horrible ghost that will not be laid. It has made my life a burden—one long, awful agony ; sleeping or waking, the phantom is evtr at my Bide and doga my footsteps. I cannot forget it, cannot shut it out; and eo it will stay with me until the daj I die. You cannot imagine the scene. The gorgeous theatre, one flash of light—filled with richly-dressed people—for the cht6 of the city were assembled there. The glitter of jewels, the lovely face*, the intoxicating perfumes, and over ill the soft, low strains ol music from a matchless orchestra, while above our head« stretched o-.it that murderous wire upon which my darling stood, smiling and bowiug to the applaudiug audiencesmiling and bowing, wuen I knew her little heart was breaking. Can you net imagine it all? C,n you not see her, as she goes through with the difficult performance ? One tremulous motion, one mistake, and she would be lost. Seel she turns her frightened eyes upon my own, e. hich, withtheaavageglare of partial intoxication, were bent unon her movements, bae trembles—the diamond-tippe i wand in her hand quivers and drops from her graep ; she essays to recover herself, hut her little form reels and totters. She 6tret.:he=. out both arms, and with a wild cry of " Oa father 1 I cannot do it I" ialls-falls all that horrible distance, down-down. The net spread below is not strong, she goe, do ,nwa:d-and oh, God! my little Nell-my lost Katie s only child--Ilea a bleeding mangled mass at the very Let oi the horror-ntneken audL-nce! Dead! ay, quite dead There 1 That's my story. Dreadful un tit? Yes,1 L — tl-t it — W v ba (. l£ , 0Dl Y y ou were nun founded entirely upon jichon! You see my friend, I overheard you when you ! d last night I was " no actor," so I though I'd treat you to a bit oi realuuc acting! You wanted to hear my Rtorv y oa Well, you've heard it. I didn't Bay that it was to be a true one. You see, I never had a wife. Little Nell M but a brain child ; I never followed Horace Greeley's adv.ee: "Go West," and variety " biz" isn't in my line! Have a toddy, old fedow, aud shake handa on the " Actor's Story." Ha! ha ! ha ! Tut: HuiTAN Eye.—That was an appalling question propounded recently by Dr. Loring to the New York County Medical Society, "Is the human eye gradually chaugmg ita form under the;influence of modern civilisation ?" It is Dr. Loring'a opinion that constant Btudv, incidental to the lives ot so mauy in modern times, has a tendency to engender the derangement of the eye, and that, this dera-.igemnnt is often perpetuated in heredity. I should agree iu this with the doctor, if I could persuade myself (which I cannot) that we study as hard as our forefathers did. Nowadays, everybody knows a little, but nobody seems to kno* much ; and in literature aud theology one looks in vain for such monsters of erudition aH the Bezas aud Scaligers, the Cruquiuees aud Bayles, the Moreiia aud Leibuitzea, or auch " gulfs of learning" ae Hacker and Bishop Andrewu. One cannot, »t the same lime, dissent from Dr. Liring when he points out that among the most prominent causes of the ailment known as shortsightedness are po ir food bad ventilation, and a general disregard ot hygienic requirements—all conducing a laxity of tissue of which nearsightedne«s ia an indication. For reading and writing purposes, I have myself only one eje; aud when I fiud, late at night, that " laxity of tissue" ia beginning to set in, I take a pinch of very strong snuff. The " fcUsue" seenis to get all right again afte* that; but what the eEfect of the snuff may be on my mucous membrau® I dare not conjecture. 