, ' — — ;?'. ft — - — -J. ? After a short season of. sensational incon gruities and nautical drama, plentifully inter spersed with terpsiohorcanathletics, room has once again been made upon the Btage of the Royal for the production of legitimate drama. Oa Saturday, evening Mr. John Jack, an American actor, who haa beea. nlaying ia New Zealand and Sydney, made his debut in Melbourne in the character of Sir John Falstaff, in the first part of Shakspeare'a historical play, Henry TV. ? It is so many years sinoo this play has been produced here that it may almost come under the category of a novelty, and this, added to the fact of a stranger appearing iu a prominent part, excited a degree of interest far stronger than Demon Lovers or evea Pink Dominoe3 are want to evoke. Mr. Jack in attempting to depict the character istics of Falstaff, undertook an arduous task, demanding deep study, an intelligent con oeption of marked lights and shades of char aoter, and a rnastorly execution in putting before an audience the loose morality, rock less convivility, broad humor, trenchant cynioism, boastful vanity and cowardice, with which Shakspearo ha3 accre dited tho burly knight. Mr. Jack's make up was good, and hia facial physique Btood him in good stead in his impersonation of the character. His voice is, howevir, disappointing, being shrill in quality aud high pitched, not tho rolling diapa8on ono would expect to isauo from tho adipoao depths of Sir John's onvemons rotundity. It was also wanting in mellowness and unctuous modu lation. The part, as played by Mr. Jack, was mado a purely low comedy one, verging at times on- tho burlesque, His by-play is marked by a hyperbolic vita lity, seasoned with a suspicion of coarse nes3 decidedly out of place.. The phrases put into the mouth of Falstaff wero delivered with comio omphasia, but failed to convey the humor and the sarcasm which tho knight was* well able to infaso into his discourse. , Mr. Jack makes Falstaff a rollicking sack-drinking Huns Wurafc,. ' whoso foibleB and eccentricities serve to afford food for amuaement to the roysteririg heir to the English crown. The contrab'a of attributes whioh Shakspeare's Falataff pos sessea were entirely Io3fc sight of. Thero waa nothing of the humorist over ready to exchange tongue-thraata or of the cynic who drew from the failings of human nature deductiona put forward to ox culpate hia own laxity of morals. Falataff waa undoubtedly a man of the world, and aomething more than a bibulou3 jester and an occasional cutpurse. In playing the part Mr. Jack Joat sight of Shak. epeare'a conception of Sir John Falataff, and presented him to the audience aB a sort of low comedy part, the sole object of which is to keep the audience in a good humor. In the scene in which Falataff re counta his exploits with the men in buckram, Mr. Jack roae above mediocrity, and infused something like humor into his acting. ? From, a purely comic point of view Mr.' Jack's Falataff ia amua ing, but the effect waa often marred by the glaring mispronunciation of words. As a delineation of oue of Shakspeare'a wonder fully conceived characters, it cannot be re garded aa highly iutelligent or artistic. Mr Stuart O'JBrien aa King Henry IV. was appropriately dignified; whileMr. Apple, toa skillfully pourtrayed the wayward Prince of Wales, who ao oft joiaed Sir John in his revelries at the Boar's Head in Eastcheap. He waa sprightly without being boiateroua, and, despite a slight tendency to jorkinesa, was natural throughout. In the matter of costume, Mr. Appleton was not as careful aa usual, appearing in a dresa that would have been better adapted to bur lesque or extravaganza. Hotspur' was played by Mr. H. H. Vincent, who displayed a considerable amount of judicious vigor, and in delivering the speeches which fall to him evinced good rhetorical power. A.8 Hotspur Mr. Vincent managed in a great measure to get rid of his usual mannerisms and didaotio ataginess. Mr. Charles Hall made a lugubrioua Earl of Worcester. Mr. Stirling Whyto, as the armor-clad father of Hotspur, who figured in the bills, however, aa Sir Richard Vernon; looked and walked extremely like the ghost in Hamlefc, but whea he apoke betrayed Mb identity with the middle-aged gentleman Tubba, who, in the Pink Dominoes, is overcome by tho potency of the Cremorne Garden champagne. Aa Francis, the tapster, and Poins, Messrs. Greville and Taylor ? aoted ' creditably j and aa Earl of Douglaa and Sir Walter Blunt Messrs. Savillo aud Seffcon did the little required of them fairly. Mr. Cseaar'a make-up as Bardolph wa3 good, and this, with the ruby tints of hia nose, were tho only featurea in hia assumption of the character that deserve notice. Miss Solange Navaro, ns the wife of Hotspur, had only a few words to speak ; these were de livered in a pleasing manner, and during the short time she waa on the stage she acted with graceful intelligence. Mrs. Edouih Bryer made a staid and prim Mra. Quickly. There was a deoided want of adherence to chfouology in the matter of costumee, each actor dresaing his part without any. regard to time and place. The Bcene representing the town of Shrewbury, perched on a gentlo height; aad almost surrounded 'by a winding stream, is well painted, and in the harmoni ous arrangement of color, perspective, and completeness of general detail, does credit to the scenic artist, Mr. John Hennings. On Thursday was preaented a drama entitled Driven Home, an adaptation of Tennyson's poem Dora, and which, under the name 6E Dora, has been played in Melbourne before. The part of Farmer Allen waa assumed by Mr. JohD Jack. Hia make-up waa good, ' - and his acting waa fairly effective. Mr. Vincent's Luke Blomfield' was a most credi able performance. Miaa Navaro, who played Dora, deVeloped considerable taste and drama tic expression, and iu the second act sang Sullivan's Let Ma Dream Again with feeling. Tho moBt was made of the ' part of Mary Morrison by Miss Watt. To-night Miss Annie Firmin will make her debut in Mel bourne as Sarah Multon, ' in the new play of Expiation. She will be supported by Mr. John Jack, At the Prince of Wales Opera House, Ours, a comedy by tho late Mr. T. W« * R.obertson, ha3 been produced; Thia piece, it will be remembered, was firat pie. Bente'd in Molbourno at the old Haymarkeb Theatre under the management of Gilbert Roberts, with Mr. and Mrs. Steele in- the leading parta. At the Prince of Walea Angua M'Aliater, the hottern pored Boldier, was well played by Mr. Ire land, to whom tho cynical brewer, Hugh Chalcot, stands out in bold contrast. In the character of Ohalcot Mr. Thorne de veloped considerable humor, and though not looking quite tho part, managed to give a good idea of the author's conception of tho character he assumed. The scene in the ldut act, between Chalcot and Mary Netley, waa well worked up. Blanche Hayoa was played by Miss Ruth Grey, and Mary Netley by Miss Jessie, but both theao youDg ladios failed ia successfully re presenting tho characters. There -? was a want of that tone so necessary ia tho exciting plays of the present day, aud without which the action falls flat iu tho. extreme. Mr. Joyce made a fair Sir Alexan der, nnd Mrs. Ryan a good Lady Shendryn, the continual matrimonial squabbling be tween the pair being amusingly kept^up. Mr. A. Boothman cannot be complimented upon his Russian Prince ; and Air. Griffiths failed in depicting the wooden inflexibility that should form part of. the characteristic of Sergeant Jones. The piece waa well put upon the stage. The set representing the scene iu the Crimea with the officer's hat and the surrounding details being especially effective. The operetta, the Rose of Au vergne, ha3 also been produced, the chief characters being undertaken by MiBa Jenny Sharpe and MosBra. Shaworosa and Hodgson. The operetta haa been on former occasions given with much. better effect. In consequence of tho departure of Mr. J, L. Hr.ll for Sydney, Oar Dad haa been with drawn from tho boards of the Academy, of Music, and Boucicault'a comedy London As. surauce has been substituted in its stead, aud haa served to give Mr. and. Mrs. Morton Tavares an opportunity of appearing in the ' parts of Sir Haroourt Courtley- and Lady T^~' ? -3ay Spanker. Mr. Tavares appeared as Sir Haroourt in Melbourne some years ago, and then made a dcoided hit, his impersonation of th.o part and that of Mr. Kean Buchanan being the two best wo have seen in Mel 'bourne. Mr. Tavares gives a faithful ploture of the elderly beau. The absorbing vanity of Sir Harcourfc is made apparent in every word, in every gesture. His ohlvalrio de votion to the fair sex and his abhorrence of male society are cleverly depicted, but at the same time Mr. Tavares never forgets ?that Sir Harcourt, with all his foibles, wa3 a polished gentleman, and takes care to re present him as such. He also paid great care to every detail of costume, and presented on the whole a portraiture that bore the stamp of excellence upon it. Mrs. Tavares appeared as Lady Gay Spanker, playing with verve and grace. She was perfectly natural, .and her speeches, especially the descrip tion of the hunt, were given with a bright cheeriness that was quite infectious. Throughout Mrs. Tavares actod and spoke like a gentlewoman, and succeeded in fully ^awakening the sympathies of the audience. Mr. Hans Phillips, as the rattletrap man of -the world Dazzle, was far too fusty, and Mr. Collier did not shine as Charles Courtley. As Mr. Harkaway Mr. Kyan was tame. Mr. .Daniels burlesqued the part of Meddle, tho ?attorney, and Cool, in the hands of Mr. Howard, was not effective As Grace Elark away Miss Meta Pelhain was wanting in ?repose ; and as Pert, tho lady's maid, Miss Lester developed too much of it. Dolly Spanker was fairly played by Mrs. Inglis. The comedy as a whole was not well given, .ttnd Mr. and Mrs. Tavares are certainly en titled to better support. Tonight they will appear as Sir Peter and Lady Teazle respec tively, in the School for Scandal. Undo Tom's Cabin still runs * at the Princess's Theatre. On Tuesday little Mias Ituasell, whose Eva has contributed much to - the success of the piece, took her benefit, and introduced a new song, Papa, Shall Poor Uncle Tom he Free, with good effect. On Friday Miss Funny Wiseman, who ably sustains the character of Topsy,- also had a benefit. The drama will shortly be with drawn to make room for the Octoroon. The Kelly and Leon Minstrels,' at St. George's Hall, maintain their reputation for fun. Their new programme is highly ?diverting, the chief features being Court Wiight's realistic tableaux pantomime, -called the Comanchep, being a piece illus trative of frontier life in America, and tho 'Only Leon's impersonation in Offenbach's operetta, La Rose do St. Fleur. During the weok Mr. David Leo has given liis organ recitals at the Town Hall before numerous and appreciative audiences. MademoiselleAntoniottaLink, who created .Such a success here in Wagner's Lohengrin, ?has decided to return to Victoria,' and is ?expected to arrive, by tho next inoomiug moil steamer. Mr. J. L. Hall, the well-known comedian, has entered into an agreement with Mr. .Joseph Aarons, by virtue of which ho will take the position of manager at the Academy of Music in February next. Mr. Walter Bentloy, a tragedian of some standing, who was expected to arrive in this cqlony by the s. Lusitania, has determined to postpone his visit for about six months. Mr. Bentley is at present supporting Mr. Henry Irving at the Lyceum Theatre, Lon don,' and an extension of his engagement there has led to the abandonment of his ?original intention. The weekly popular promenade concert ' , took place on Monday evening in the Town Hall. A variety of solos, duets,' trios And quartettes, were rendered with ability Tjv Mrs. Cutter, Miss Rosiua Carandini, Mrs. .M'Naughton, and Messrs. J. E. Downs and W. JR. Furlong. The numberB deserving espocial notice are Mendelssohn's quartette, ?the Nightingale, Barnett's sol-fa duet, the . Flight of the Swallows, a duet by Kuckcn, ?ana the old glee Dame Durden. Mr. Charles Sykes during the intervals between the parts Of the programme performed in an able manner selections of music upon the grand ?organ. An Herren-Abend of the Melbourne JDeutscher Liedertafel was held at Hockin'a -Assembly-rooms on Monday evening. The best numbers ' were tho part songs, Before the Battle, and Father Rhine, given by the Liedertafel, and an Idyll for the ?flute, violoncello and piano, 'Souvenir du TJigi,' by Messrs. Siede, Hart and' Hunter. 