SYDNEY. V July 20. • (PROM OUB OWN OOBRESl'ONOPNT.) . I was favored yesterdity with a view of a sketch of the new, flying machine exhibited altfab bite Exhibition in Philadelphia.. The affair is a rather complicated arrangement 4)f cranks and bars working an apparatus sortiethirig likfe' the sails or a windmill. This is connected ^'ith ii bag inflated with gas, so tbat the machine may be said to be a kind uf combination of the ordinary balloon with the principle of the flying toy used by children. There appears to'be sbmetUiiig iu the idea of the iuventiou whicfi inajy upoii further development, lead to practical multe, but so far as I can judge tlie chief difficulty-in these matters—that of obtaining a large motive power without ponderous machinery—has not yet beeu overcome. I .should. he sorry, at any. rate, to venture skyw^rdin tha ^mer|caii jflyii)g-inachina I need hardly say thattbe news of-£ir Hercules Robinson's tenn having begn extended has been received with real pleasure by almost every section of the community. For the credit of the community 1 wish I could say every section, hut the truth must be told, and there is unfortunately no doubt of the fact that our popular Governor's recognition of the Turf as a legitimate source of relaxation and ainuseiueut is not approved of by all. The unco yaid view the racecourse as a special hunting-ground of the Evil One, and as nothing else, and consequently his Excellency's approbation of, and active interest in, the unclean thing is looked upon with pious honor. There ia, however, this consolation in the business, the ultra straight-laced form a very small section of the people generally, and to placate this small section would be a difficult matter without ignoring the tastes of the majority ; so that after all our Governor has as many of the colonists with him as any Governor could hope to have. In theatrical matters the principal feature of the week has been the benefit performances and the farewell of Mrs. Scott-Siddous., Mr. W.S. Lyeter had a bumper house tor his benefit at the Victoria, the viceregal l>ox being duly occupied by bi6 Excellency the Governor and faiuily. The piece tie resistotux was the ever "popular " Montana," in which Miss Clara Thompson essayed very successfully the leading roU. At the conclusion of the opera Mr. Lyster, in answer to repeated calls, came before the curtain and thuuked the audience for the kindly reception accorded him, and stated that his reason for going to Europe was to recruit his health, whi<£ for some time past had been Failing. On his return to the colony he hoped to bring with him a firstclass opera company. Next night, Mr. Alines Beaumont took his benefit; the opera chosen on this occasion being the "Bohemian Girl." At the Royal, Mrs. Scott-Siddons made her last appearance in the character of Rosalind in " As you like it." This is, perhaps, one of her best inierfeonations, and 6he certainly appeared at her Eest in the performance. The most sensational >art of the evening's entertainment, however, was. 1lerrecitation of "The Maniac." Care had been taken to provide all the necessary adjuncts of costume and scenery, ondthe effect was electrical. At the end of the piece there was a general feelibg of relief at the relaxation oF the strain uptin ohfe£ nerves. At the fall of the curtain Mrs/Scott- Siddons delivered a very nicely-worded farewell address, aud met with a most hearty reception. The Ghost business ot the Guild-ball is ap : parently played out. The last peifonnauee took place last night. The affair has hod an'uuusufiuy good run for an entertainment of the kind, ' The musical entertainment at the School of Arts continues to draw good houses. T ' July S2. ' 1 see by an American paper that the feat of walking on the water has been accomplished by a Captain Stratton, who lias long thirsted for fame as au '"aquimaut." He is 6aid ; to have crossed the East River on foot from Brooklj ri to New York. But fe\v persons knew bf the daring teat that was to be attempted, and cdiiseduiently the captain was • not troubled with II ivu miiny uiiiiij hangers-, iifMiucta on. The suit which be wore was of "rubber,'atid the shore and the passengers on the dilfuw*, ferryboats loudly cheered him. As hb "rieft^f tba' Snore a gieat oroWd gathered bn tM'pier ttiidVet'' liiui as he landed. The crossiug was oommeuoed About JmHVpwt Gtpbto ptyttw Jandpdon ... rr Wsneak candidly, J. have not a,large amount , ttii profcttbiHty df Acritjultu^beoomlng, n-itliin thouext htihdred years or bo, established Mftstaple induftryof A^ralia. -The enormous rffpreuoo between the price of labor In the colom,d the coUtttrl4s wTievfiserfoulture is a profitable puwuit, would of itself be sufficient, to Xw that , at present the game is not worth the ABLitdle I cannot help, nevertheless, admiring the pliick and peitinhcity with which Mrs. Bladen v e jfl rides her peculiar hobby, /and^be success Se achievesin the Effort to convert people to her views. Much of thiiriuaSfeas I believe la due to the fact th'atthe apostle' 'of sericultureis a feminine apostle. Where a man would get quietly shunted off into the back ground, and possibly he voted a bore for fata pains, A lady cannot well he 1 MnllfAMASa' an 1m «l>n (It•• ni. Ji treated. For mere politeness' sake she must be heard, and to faearMrs. Bladen Neill.is /if the hearer beat all impressionable) to be unconsciously inoculated with small portion of her enthusiasm ; and so the contagion spreads, although when the whole affair comes to he criticised from a strictly practical point of view and divested of its sentimental surrounding, it is evident that sericulture cannot he a commercial success. Since the date of my Inst letter another meeting has been held, at which the chair was occupied by l^ady Robinson. Sir Alfred Stephen explained that the object ot the .meeting was to establish a society far promoting the Industry of sericulture, in connection with a similar association that had been established in Victoria. A proposition, he said, had been made to the Government to allow a certain number |of the children now at Rand wick Asylum to be trained in the various processes of senculture under the care of a matron. The Hon. J. B. Wilson also spoke in favorable terms of the project, and anticipated valuable results from the training-up of children in the manner proposed. On the motion of Mrs. Neill, Sir Alfred Stephen was requested to write to the Duke of Sutherland, who had taken a marked interest in the subject, asking him to further the interests of the society in England ; and Lord Ronald Gower, a butler of tho Duke of Sutherland's who was present, undertook to forward the letter together with some specimens of cocoons and silk. It was also decided to address a letter to the same effect to the Baronets Burdett-Coutts, asking her to collect subscriptions on behalf of the society from ladies in Englatid. Mrs. Neill then gave sonie further information concerning the industry in various parts of Europe, and explained that her project was that there should be two or three small cottages built upon the Government land, aud that there should be a matron and schoolteacher. In each of these tbeie were to he 12 or 15 children. These would all go to one general school; tbev would be taught domestic duties aud the light work connected with a silk farm. She poiuted out that this system of cottage homes for orphan children bad been adopted, and was working satisfactorily in Germany, and was being tried in Lancashire, in England, with success. This was approved by the meeting, and after a formal resolution had been carried pledging all present to do their utmost to promote the object in view, the proceedings were brought to a.close. July 24. It appeare that we are to have a taste of the " yellow agony" in this colony. Thfe force of example is great, and the good folks of Syduey arc attempting a repetition in a mild fonu of the agitation that was recently set on foot in Queeneland against excessiveChinese immigration. And a good many well-meaning people sympathise very heartily with.the movement. " John " may be m some respects a Very harmless personage. He is a very industrious market-gardener, no doubt, and supplies our tables at a cheaper rate than would Europeau cabbage-growers; but John has certain objectionable habits that detract seriously irom his desirability as a citizen. In the pursuit of.his calling I have no objection,to John, but cluss lui he is a very unsavory person both physically and morally. 7 His home is it very nasty place; even his vegetables are subjected to a system of forcing which, if thoroughly understood in all its details by his customers, would not tend to exhance the demand for his wares ; and his vices are of a diameter that may well give rise to the question as to whether he should be tolerated even lor the sake of his cheap cabbages. On the whole, those who protest against the wholesale immigration of Chinese have some tolerably substantial grounds for their protest How the thiiig is to be prevented or even restricted is a matter which I leave wiser heads to determine. 