OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments."— Siiakesperk. Theatre Royal. About as good an illustrated addition of " Uncle Tom's Cabin," as can well be imagined, is to be seen nightly at the above theatre. To say that the pictures are life- like is needless ; for they are composed of living men, women, and children, and how well they play their parts ! Brown, in the title role, so infinitely better than any buna fide minstrel nigger ; Chaplain, le debonnaire ; South, in triple shape, each funnier than the last ; West, the terrific ; Welch, the ever and always good ; and Mr. H. Flemming, about as promising a Thespian tyro as ever "trod the hoards." But stay, place aux dames, Mrs. Scott-Siddons — well, simply herself, charming as ever What more to say ? Cassy, hopeless, reckless, fearless, dangerous. What a con trast to the undaunted mother-courage of Eliza, and each so true to nature. Miss Melville, quaint and starch, the very acme of old maid- ism, yet open to clerical advances ; Maggie, queen of droll-dom, as Topsy, with Nan the-good-for-nothing's face and form, only a little more smutted ; the fair sisters Deorwyn, and last, not least, except in her tiny prettiness, comes darling Eva, with her arch, elf-like grace and beauty — every pose a picture, not an intonation incorrect ; — verily may she reverse poor, loving un-loved Topsy's cry — for every one, old and young, cannot but love little — angel Eva. Mr. Punch hopes Mrs. Scott-Siddons will be welcomed with an over-flowing house upon the occasion of her farewell benefit on Mon day evening next. Victoria Theatre. Once again English opera, and a choice repertoire of opera, and under the management of that most indefatigable and popular entrepreneurs, Mr. William Lyster. The first opera produced, "La Perichole," was not as well rendered as might have been anticipated, the orchestra especially being anything but great. This (Friday) evening Offenbach's celebrated comic opera, " The Grand Duchess," will be presented, Miss Clara Thompson enacting the part of the Grand Duchess. On Tuesday next a complimentary benefit is to be given to Mr. William Lyster, who, from his energy, liberality and taste in catering for the public, deserves well of the Sydney opera-goers. Queen's Theatre. Robertson's capital comedy of " Caste " has been most success fully given at " The Queen's," Mr. Bates taking the part of Eccles, the drunken working-man's agitator, with consummate power. Mrs. Polly Eccles is charmingly represented by Mrs. Bates. Mr. Lachlan M 'Go wan gives the most natural, and therefore successful, rendering of Sam Gerridge that has been seen in the colony. Altogether the play is excellently well placed on the stage. " Pink Dominoes " is j the title of a very spirited and sparkling comedy, also brought out j under the auspices of Mr. and Mrs. Bates, in which these talented i artistes sustain the principal characters with great vigour. It is well j worth seeing. Thb Pilgrim. The Pilgrim gave a very smart lecture on Sunday evening, at the Theatre Royal, to quite a crowd, his subject being, " Prison Piety and the Vice of Sydney." Although much was said that might, j perhaps, have been better left unsaid, there was much truth in many j of the remarks made, and especially when referring to the want of j system in the classification of prisoners. This is a subject which deserves great consideration. | School op Arts. Mr. R. Stewart, an old Sydney favourite, assisted by his three charming daughters, offer in their " Rainbow Revels " a most com plete and enjoyable evening's entertainment. The interest is kept up from first to last by the excellent acting, singing, and dancing of this fair trio, while Mr. Stewart is inimitable in his mimicries of well- known actors. Mr. Harcourt Lee, the pianist, is evidently under the impression that noise is everything. In Sydney, however, the public as a rule prefer the overtures played with a less amount of thumping, and a more due regard to light and shade, as taught by the R.A.M. (Verb, sap ) Mdlle Charbonnet. The last of the series of classical concerts of this very skilful pianiste was given on Tuesday evening with great eclat. Mr. Punch devoutly hopes that this young lady will — now that she has deter mined to become a resident of Sydney — be prevailed upon to appear now and again before the music-loving public of Sydney. On Satur- next Mdlle Charbonnet gives a Concert on behalf of the School of Industry. Masonic Hall. Mr. Punch hails with much satisfaction the arrival of Herr Johannes Elmblad, the celebrated Swedish basso. Madame Elmblad, Miss Amy Sherwin— the new Australian Prima Donna — Signor Ortori, and Mr. Foster form the company. They appear at the Masonic Hall on Monday evening. The Ghost. Positively the last six nights of this now favourite " Ghost," at the Guild Hall, are announced. " Ye Past, Present, and Future," as here represented, are no less interesting than the " Ghost's Revels." Go ! The Albert Ground. A match takes place at this popular Cricket Ground on Saturday next, between the Walleroo and the Waratah Clubs. The Waratahs have just returned from Melbourne, from a most exciting contest with the Carltons. A capital struggle is anticipated. 