y OUR AMATEUR TtlEATRICALS AT -j j 1 ) BOOLONa,, " ' I f He jests at sears mho neuerfelt a wound — Roiliso. ( One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, ) \yas when he made his first and only appearance as |an i ) actor at a private amateur theatrical entertaiuinent at'his 1 V own house in Boolong, He, for some unknown reason, nad conceived that he was boi-n to be an actor— to tread the . ' boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it ' was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar dehiit. On finding the Melbourne and Sj-dney managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to "take the bull by the horns" and get up a company of his. own down ' at his place at Boolong, He went to enormous expense i in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having , sceneiy painted — fqr'Banbury was determined to do the thing Tvell and in tip-top style. He got together, a. kind of scratch; company, many oE them dike himself, raw am bitious amateurs, eager "to fret their : hour xipon the stage,'-' aud one or two sae ly- outcasts of the profession; ( aifd he looked forward to the pro.iixction oO his pet play, , ";Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much . excitement, not imalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ' nibntH's "constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their ( words before the cux'tain went up, 'hilt after it diet most of them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ' intoxicated, and the ATi/i likevvise; Ophelia, an amateur, . burst.'intd a nervous .fit of tears before she said a dozen lines. Banbui-y was.roared at.by th;local personages who I assembled to assist at the amatenr performance. But this . was not the worst, for Banbury found that xyhen the bills came in the expense was, twice as.large as he had expected, I and he could not meet them. " The fellbivs," he used to say, , " allowed me to haveTvhat'ever lwantcd on credit, becaixse they knew that my rich uncle in Aidelaiiie, a strict Method ist, would pay" them,: but L knew very yye! ;he would do no such thing when he found they;, were for ..theatrical trap pings, for if there was one thing heheld in "a,bhorrence it was the theatre." 'VVhat .was ho to. do ? , .His uncle would disinherit him, turn him put of the. house he had furnished for .him,, and send him adrift on the world. What was he to do ? His creditors xyould not wait arid he would be a miserable pauper. But for all this, he did not lose his house, and. his.poor, uncle's fortune is'in the bank in his name, thanks to the "timely aid' of one mfw is, a friend to tlie-draina as ivell.as to the rest of , tlw ivorld, who advanced hiui tiie ixeedful. Need we say his name. No ; all know him 1 But we may as well remark it. was the olimipion . of the distressed, DAVID, HENRY, of 52; Collins street east, "Who has from £5 to £10,(360 to lend oii notes of hand, bills of sale (with or without" "security), salary" orders, life policies; certificates, deeds, bill of ' lading, . legacies, goods, . ' merchandise, .on expected remRtances, or on moneys per- . I son's may be entitled tp'fro'm England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to snit the cbrivenience of borrowers. ' Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and ,. mortgages fi-om 6 per. cent. 