On Doctors. Doctors are men with eye-glasses, and black coats, and shiny hats, and bends in their backs. They have soft voices, and speak as if they had just left off singing very solemn music. They smile softly when they meet you, and shake hands with you in a slow deliberate way. They love the society of canary birds, leeches, and other sprightly and entertaining animals. They get their clothes brushed every time the clock strikes, and rub their hats with damp towels to make them glisten. They drink cold water when they rise in the morning for their health, and put oil on their hair for the good of trade. A man once told me that no one ever yet saw the ghost of a doctor, for the moment a doctor dies all the other ghosts gather around his ghost, and treat it so badly that it is ashamed to show its face to respectable people ever afterwards. He told me that the reason of this is because the doctors made nearly all the other ghosts, and ghosts are a most ungrateful class of people. When doctors come into a parlor or drawing-room they bow, and rub one hand over another, and smile, and bend over you, and ask in a whisper, “How are we getting on?” Then they walk over to the chimney glass, and arrange their scarfs and hair, and the folds of their shirts; after this they turn their backs to the glass, and, having stretched out their arms to the full length, twist their wristbands a little, and smooth the back of one hand with the palm of the other. All this makes them cool and collected, and prevents them from looking within ten years of their real age. When doctors come into a bedroom they smile and talk about the weather and the price of mutton. Then they look out of the window, and ask who lives opposite, and whether his eldest daughter is not married to young Edmunds of the Lancers, and if there is any truth in the rumour that his eldest son has given up his wild habits and is attending to his profession After this they walk over to the sick person and say, “Well, so you have persuaded yourself that you are not well. Now, let us see—let us see.” Then they catch hold of the person’s hand, and take out a huge gold watch, and look as if they were going to sleep. After a while they shut the watch case with a loud snap, and sigh faintly, as if they were waking; then look up at the ceiling, look down at the ground, and make figures with the toes of their boots on the carpet. After this they enquire how often the sick person has asked what o’clock it was during the past week, and if he had been picking his teeth with brass, or cutting his hair with a rat-trap. After they have been answered, the request the sick person to put out his tongue. When they see the tongue they say “H’m,” very softly, and sit down with another sigh. They then enquire if the sick person has expressed any wish for sausages or buttered Scotch or oxalic acid, or any other poison, or if he has been using terms of affection in connection with the name of his mother-in-law, or with the Commune, or with the income tax, or if he has in any other way exhibited decided symptoms of a wandering or enfeebled mind. Upon being answered they say “H’m” again, and leave the room immediately afterwards. As soon as they get back to the parlor or drawing-room, they say that the sick person is not in good health, and he must be kept as quiet as possible. They order him to be provided with a pocket-handkerchief, and light literature, and whey or brandy, according to his taste. They forbid that he shall see any bills, or telegrams in the daily papers, or anything else that would be likely to excite or exasperate him. Then they take up a piece of paper, and write a few badly-spelled words, and draw three-legged stools and frying pans, and regiments of soldiers, and other childish figures upon it, and request to have this sent to the apothecary’s. When the apothecary sees this, he says “Oh, bother!” and places it on a file. He then takes a bottle of paraffin oil, and, having put a pinch of salt and a little nutmeg into it, sends it home to the sick man. Engaged.—He was saying, “As the pearly column of smoke in a winter’s atmosphere rises heavenward, so my heart rises to thee. As the sunflower follows the cruel sun which gives it life, so my heart follow thee. As the blue brook runs its unhindered course to the sea, so my soul, in slavery, goes to thee.” Said she—“Henry, now that we’re engaged, will your penknife cut corns?” At Dublin, the prize offered by Professor Anderson was gained by the author of this conundrum—“Why is a timid young girl like a ship coming into Dublin harbour?— Because she endeavours to keep clear of the boys (buoys) Among men of the world comfort only signifies a great consideration for themselves, and a perfect indifference about others. Men generally must confess with some mortification that they start to keep a diary every new year and soon drop it, but this cannot justly be said of stationers and booksellers. They keep them almost always. What is the difference between stabbing a man and killing a hog? One is assault with intent to kill, and the other a killing with intent to salt. Many a woman has often been spoken of as resembling a moth fluttering round the torch of Hymen. There is a time, however, when she is comparatively more, and that is no doubt in the case of a moth-er. 