TOWN TALK. By a telegram in another column it will bo seen that Mr B. Hepburn's Young Bezi que-Nutlad-Bezique won the Waterloo Cup at the "Victoria Coursing Club's meeting yesterday, Mr W. J. Clarke's Peri-Red Rover-Glencoe being the runner- up. We have received from Mr Sommurs, of Mack's Hotel, a sample of the Colac coal. We cannot say that it is good coal, but it appears to be from the outcrop, and is sufficiently promising as a specimen to jus-" tify the belief that at some depth "the qua lity,will greatly improye. A narrow escape from being burnt to death was experienced by a widow lady re siding in the eastern part of the town yester day. Whilst attending to domestic duties she incautiously approached too near a lire, and in a second her dress was in flames. Fortunately, a large' tub full of water was close by, and the affrighted one, with great presence of mind, Hopped into the water, and the lire was immediately extinguished. There was a lengthy sitting of the Honse Committee of the Hospital yesterday after noon, when the following tenders for pro visions, etc., were accepted :-Tea, R. Scott and Co.; groceries, etc., Richard Clarke and Co. ; butter and eggs, E. Kenny; meat, Mathews Bros. ; bread, J. Bell and Son ; milk, H. Warren; wine, C. A. Hodgson; gin, Hall Bros. The approaching municipal elections in the Shire of South Barwon are creatine a little stir among the ratepayers. Cr. Gardi ner is the retiring member for the Barwon Riding, and he will most likely be opposed by Mr J. E. Matthews, once a member of the Borough Council. A requisition has been numerously signed asking Mr Matthews to become a candidate, and, as he is very popu lar in the Riding, a close contest is expected in the event of a poll having to he taken. Mr Wm. Batten, lately a member of the Shire Council, is also to be asked to oppose the return of Cr. Underwood for the Coaao warre Riding, and ho will be presented with a requisition. There is no talk of any oppo sition to Cr. Hobbs for the JCardinia Riding. The nominations will have to be lodged with the Returning Officer by the 20th inst. During the northerly gale on Sunday even ing the lightens at the Yarra-strect wharf suffered a little damage. The Aquila chafed her port side against the wharf, the stern ropes of the Caroline broke, and the vessel fouled the Isa, lying close in shore. The collision resulted in the Caroline carrying away several of her wiro ropes and guy3 at the how and doing similar damage to the Isa. Three or four fishing smacks wero water logged off the pier, and the fence at Mr J. Tait's property, on tho shore near the boat sheds, was blown down. The Eastern Baths again suffered ; at the gentlemen's fourteen of the hurdles composing the fence were washed away, the spring-fooar<2 on the east ern side smashed, the remaining portion of a shed on the western side demolished, the glass folding-doors of the bathing-house stove in, and the planks on tho platform torn up. Pour hurdles were also broken down at the Ladies' bathing establishment. The tide was very high,at the time, and immense rollers dashed in shore, tho spray going right over the residence of Mr Sibley, superinten dent of the baths. On the western sido of the bay, a little damage was done to the baths there. At the gentlemen's, three piles with hurdle fences attached were broken down on the western and eastern sides of tho baths, but it is believed that the damage was caused, by a raft breaking adrift and being | washed through the baths. The boat used by the Superintendent was driven against the platform and its side was stove in. A young man named John M 'Donald, a butcher by trade, residing at Belmont, in flicted on himself a very severe wound in the right thigh yesterday afternoon. He was cutting up the carcase of a sheep, when the knife he was using glanced off the backbone of tho sheep and buried itself in his thigh. Tho young wan had his wpuad dressed at the Hospital. We see it stated in several of the Opposi tion papers that Mr Patterson has appointed his son to a good position in the Government service. It is rather awkward for the manu facturers of these canards against tho Minis try (remarks the Courier) that Mr Patterson has not a son, and, what is more, never had one. Friday evening next should be another red-letter dny in local musical annals. Ma dame Carlotta 1'asea, one of the grandest, if not the grandest pianisto that 'has ever visited the colonies, will give a concert at the Mechanics' Hall, assisted by the best talent available in Melbourne. Her manager was here yesterday niakiug tho necessary arrangements, and opening the box plan at 1'ranks'. Madame Tasca will bring with her the same high-class artists who assisted at her concerts in Melbourne, viz., Miss Christian, Mr David Lee, Mr S. Lamble and Mr Alfred Plumpton. Madame Tasca can only give oue concert in Geelong, after which she proceeds to Ballarat ami Sand hurst, and then departs for Adelaide. A correspondent sends U3 the following ac count :-A very courageous act was performed by a lad named Leckio, on Saturday, on the Barwon. He was out shooting, 'and hearing someono crying for help, he hastened to the river bank, where he saw three youths struggling in the water by the side of a capsized boat. He immediately sprann in, and having seized the younger, bore him safely to land. He then jumped into tho water again, and having seized ,tho eldest lie made towards the bank, but the boy caused him a great deal of trouble, and clutched him so tightly as nearly to choke hint before he let go. Ho got within three or four yards of the bank when begot en tangled in the weeds, ,but eventually got to land. He then went into the river a third time to the last boy, who was about half way to the bank, and also aided liiin to land.- Tho three wore 'brothers, named Red fern, Charles aged 1G, Tom 14, and James 10\. The boat was capsized by Charles tumbling overboard, and Tom, on trying to help him, precipitated himself and brother into the water. At the Geclong Police Court, yesterday, John Plunkett, who was described by the police as a larribiu of the worst description, was charged with stealiug a coat and scarf, the property of a young man named Leslie Broivii, from Mr Gosney's booth, at the" Racecourse, on Saturday last, the day of the races. The prosecutor, Leslie Browii, was engaged for the day at the booth, and mean while deposited the stolen articles in a store that was attached to tho tent, hut when ho went to look for them in the evening, they had disappeared. He naturally gave up all hope of seeing them again, but on lus way back to town wa3 fortunate enough to find his coat on the hack of the prisoner, some where near thcRacecourseHotel, and conse quently procured his arrest on a charge of I stealing it. Mr Lees, who defended tho prisoner, submitted to tho Bench that he had been given the coat by'a man from Mel bourne, but "this benevolent stranger was not forthcoming, nor did his name even trans pire, and the Bench consequently found the prisoner guilty, and sent him to gaol for three months. The magnificent entire colt "Scotch Joclt," owned by Mr John Hamilton, of Bel larine, has been sold to Mr John Doherty, of Carrou, near Donald, at a very high price. A meeting *of the St. Mary s T.A.B. So ciety was held last night at the St. Mary s schoolroom to elect a medical officer in tho place of the retiring one, and transact snch other business as might be brought forward. The Ven. Archdeacon Slattery occupied the chair. A new member took the usual pledge and was admitted to the Society. A letter was received from Mr J, Trait, on behalf of tho Catholic Young Men's Literary Associa tion, requesting the patronage of tho T.A.B. Society and the assistance of the band at an entertainment to be given iu the Mechanics Hall on Thursday evening, August 22nd, in aid of the St. Vincent do Paul's Association and their own library fund. It was decided to grant the application. The Chairman called particular attention to tho nature of the request, which was that tho Society should not merely grant the use of its band at the entertainment,- but likewise accord it its patronage. There was only one tender of medical services, from Messrs Walshe and Croker, surgeons, which was accepted. Some siu"ing and reading followed, and tho meet ing then closed. There was one drunken man in the lock up yesterday evening. Little Hutchinson, tho Infant Mozart, will shortly leave the colony for Adelaide, Syd ney, New Zealand, and thence by San Fran cisco and New York to Europe. Prior to his departure he will give two concerts in Melbourne and one in Geelong, at which he will play an original theme, composed by himself, entitled " Good Night." An adjourned special meeting of the Gee long West Borongh Council will be held at seven o'clock this evening, to further con sider the loan question. Tho adjourned half-yearly meeting of tho Geelong and Wostern District St. Patrick's Society will be held'at St. Mary's school room this evening, at half-past seven. Tho principal business to be transacted is to re ceive the report and balance-sheet, and elect members. A meeting of the Geelong flurliug Club will be held at tho St. Patrick's Band Room to morrow evening at S o'clock, to make final arrangements for the match with tho Col lingwood Club on Saturday afternoon. Tho game, we understand, will be played on the Corio Cricket Ground. Notices of interest to ratepayers in tho Boroughs of Newtown and Chilwell and ' Geclong West and the Shire of Corio will bo found iu our advertising columns. The drawing for tho Sandhurst Easter Fair Art Union will take place on the 31st inst" the number of tickets and the prize-money having been rcduced one- half. Holders of tickets dissatisfied with tho alteration will have their money returned to them on appli cation cither to the secretary or to Messrs Few and Sichlau. Mr M'Alpine, a visiting artist, has painted a number of portraits 'of well- known resi dents in Geelong, and tho likenesses arc ac curate iu every sense of tho word. The pic tures have been enlarged from photographs of carte de visitc and cabinet sizes, and their execution is so skilful as to at once stamp tho painter as a master iu his art. Mr M'Alpine's studio is at the rear of the Union Club Hotel. A transfer of the license of the London Hotel, Moorabool-street, has been granted liy the Police Magistrate from Abraham Atkins to Patrick J. Mathews. The old hall of the Sons of Temperance, situate in Feuwick-street, will he sold bjr auction this day, at noon, by Messrs Ducker and Co., to be removed off tho ground. The body of a man about 50 years of ago was found floating in the River Yarra on Sunday. The Victorian Canary and Pigeon Society will hold their Show in the Town Hall, Melbourne, on the 24th inst. and three fol lowing days. Formal possession of the ground which has been purchased by the Government for new rifle-ranges at Williainstown was on Saturday given to the Volunteer authorities by the trustees of the estate. The Argus learns that the stock and plant in Messrs Thomas Davey and Co.'s estate (Melbourne) have been sold by Mossre Eeroyd and Danby to Messrs Jack and Cooper, for tho lump sum of £11,500. A child named Auuie Ryan met with an accident on Sunday afternoon at the resi dence of her parents in Carlton, by falling down a flight of stairs. The child was con veyed to the Melbourno Hospital, where it was found that she had sustained concussion of the brain and injuries to the head. Walter Raleigh, the prisoner who escaped from the lake gang some weeks ago, aud was re-arrested in Syduey, was brought before Mr Thomson, P.M., and MrCostiu, J.P., at the Ballarat gaol on Saturday (says the $^ar). He was sentenced to twelve months' impri sonment with hard labor, this sentence to lje cumulative upon one he is at present serving for the theft of a saddle. Tho 1 Vangaratla Dispatch reports :-" Mr Rett has lost his two handsome ereamies, with black manes aud tails, so well-known to all the residents of tho Borough. Iu addi tion to this, William Hart, an employiS of Mr Kctt's, has also been the loser of a bay horse. It is supposed the horses were taken out of tho racecourse paddock, but at pre sent no clue exists as to where they have gone to." It is known (remarks the Aye) that prior to the departure of Sir Arthur Gordon from Victoria he stated his views upon the iS c\v Guinea annexation question. As Now Guinea was so near to Australia he thought it ought to be under the same Government, and would, upon bis arrival in Englaild, ad vise her Majesty's Government to annex that island to the British Empire. Mr Berry, tho Chief Secretary, had an interview on Saturday with Mr Broughton, | tho deputy-master of the Melbourne Mint, relative to some new regulations submitted by the latter gentleman to the Premier. Tho regulations iu question (writes the Age) em body a plan whereby, if adopted, Mr Brough ton anticipates that the business of the mint' will bo largely increased. 'Tho Premier Jjas the suggestion under his consideration. On Saturday evening Mr Barr addressed a public meeting at the Golden Ago, Mary borough. Mr A. Lowenstein, Mayor of the Borough, occupied the chair, and Mr Barr, in a temperate speech, explained the reasons he had for changing tho'opinion expressed by him at tho last 'election with respect to tho purchase of the Hobson's Bay railway ; also, enlarging on the question of Constitutional Reform no^v occupying tho attention of tho Legislative Assembly. A motion expressing satisfaction with respect to Mr Barr'a ex planation was carried unanimously. The centennial birthday of the eminent teacher of gymnastics, Jahn, well known to all German gymnasts antler the familiar appellation of Father Jahn, will be celebrated in all the cities of Germany on the 11th prox. The Melbourne Turn- Verein has also made arrangements (sayB the Argus) for ii commemoration of thb day on Monday, the 12th August. The gymnastic performances will be under the direction of Messrs Metz ger and Schierwagen. After undergoing no ordinary amount of vicissitudes and varying fortunes, the Bal larat Woollen Company (the Post reports) presents a decidedly pleasant business sheet this half-year. We have received a copy of the half-yearly' report and balance-sheet, which will be laid before tlio shareholders at the meeting- on Friday next, and from it wo gather that the net profits of the company for the past six months amount to £1019 83 3d, after allowing £G2S 15s for wear and tear, and paying £670 2s Cd as bank interest. Our liopo is that the amount may be doubled during the remaining half of 1878. An extraordinary escape from sudden death'occurred on Friday (says the Mary borough Standard) at the Perseverance claim, Martell's paddock, near Majorca. One of the party, Francis Schuitzler, about half-past 5 o'clock in the afternoon, was preparing to go below. He stepped on to the bucket, which slipped, and pitched him into the shaft, down which he fell, a distance of 70ft. Fortunately ho got his legs round the other rope, which in a measure eased his fall, and the well-door was open, so that he was plunged into tho water, which was about 5£t. in deptji. His mates below at once went to his resuce, and pulled him out. Ho struck on his right side, and sustained injuries down the body and leg, but is now in a fair way towards recovery. An Argiia telegram from Portland says:-, " There died on Saturday, at his farm, Nnr rawong, Wm. Dutton, agreat whaling celeb rity. A large concourse followed his remains, many from Portland, ten miles distant, to Narrawong Cemetery, on Sunday afternoon. Dutton first visited Portland in 1S30; on Mr Hcnty's arrival in 1834 Dutton assisted him to land. It has been proposed to raise a subscription to erect an obelisk in South Portland. Cemotery, where it is hoped his remains may bo Anally deposited, instead of allowing them to remain in an un fenced cemetery. Dutton was one of tho oldest Victorian settlers. It is generally understood that ghosts affect old houses'and ancient localities, but an enter prising spirit has departed from the line adopted by his fellows of tho old school, and has taken up his or her quarters in the locality of Job's Gully, not far from the resi dence of Cr. Green, where a murder was said to have been committed some years back. Several people assert that they havo seen tho perturbed spirit of late, and havo been much frightened thereby. Perhaps (remarks tho Eagle/iawk Leader) a good heavy club would provo the most effective means of laying the ghost in question. There are now on view (reports tho Argus), in the window of Messrs W. H. Rocke, two samples of small firearms used by the Turks in tho recent war. They arc somewhat larger than a horse-pistol, and are very old-fashioned, having flint locks and highly ornamented brass* stocks. Tho ob ject for which they were intended was evi dently firing at short distances, and they re cently belonged to officers of tho Sultan's body-guard, by whom they were presonted to Dr. Ryan, of-Melbourno, at Plevna, when ho was on duty during the memorable siege of that place; Dr. Ryan has sent them as a present to Mr J. G. Francis, for whom they havo been mounted on a Utrecht velvet shield by Messrs Eocke and Co. There is something that wants a little clearing up in tho matter of the accident to the man Cook, who was brought into the Ballarat Hospital from Blackwood Junction on Friday night, suffering from injuries re ceived by a tree he wa3 cutting falling upon him. He states (says the Courier) that the men who cut him out carried him'to his own hut, and sent for tho police. Accordingly a member of the force visited his hut that night, and after looking into his case said lie could do nothing for the wounded man, as there was no fund to pay for his removal to tho Hospital, and if he (the policeman) went to any expense it would be at his own risk, and therefore he would not do it. Cook also says that though he sent for a doctor none would come, and ho was left lying in his hut from Monday night without any attention, save that of two men who came and made a fire and boiled his billy for him, until Friday afternoon. He says that he does not know at whose instance he was at last removed, but thinks it was the coach-driver who sent out the conveyance to bring him in. Cook's leg is fractured below the knee, and it is dreadfully bruised from hip to ankle. The receipts on the Governmentlines of rail way for.the week ending 18th July, 187S, amounted to £19,177 12s lOd, as compared with £19,381 lG's 2d for the corresponding week in 1877. Passengers, etc., £7721 10s 4d as against £7288 5s lid in 1877 ; mer chandise, minerals, and cattle, £11,456 2s 6d, as against £12,093 10s 3d in 1877. Aggre gate to this date from 1st July, £54,030 9s lOd, as against £52,GS5 17s 4d for the corresponding period in 1877. Weekly ave rage (3 weeks), 1S78, £18,010 3s 3d ; 1S77, £17,561 19a Id. Number of miles open, 1S7S, 907; 1S77, S03. 