RECOLLECTIONS OF A SEPTUAGE NARIAN. Chapter XXXVI Postal Communication. Immigrants to Australia at the present time can gather from their own experience no adequate idea of the sense of isolation from matters European which on arrival was felt by pioneers of 38 or 40 years ago. In those days of sailing vessels from three to six months were occupied in the voyage hither, and any tidings of the world left behind might arrive at any unindicated date thereafter. Twelve months was the average period calculated to elapse between written communication with Europe and receipt of letters in reply. Consequently anxious surmises that could not then be 'wired' over the intervening semicircle relating to aged, sick, or pecu liarly circumstanced relatives or friends wearied the settler's mind for months. Perhaps no department of the social advancement which has been achieved during the last three-quarters of a century has made itself more obvious than that which has been devoted to the virtual annihilation of distance and the facilitating of intercourse between widely separated nations and indi viduals. Post-Office arrangements in England even fifty or sixty years ago were sad bungling affairs. Relatives in rural districts residing comparatively only a few miles apart seldom heard of each other perhaps during an interval of years. At that time very few of the English peasantry could write, and it was a very extraordinary occasion that could induce them to employ an amanuensis. Even when letters were sent, slow carts and lazy boys on horseback, leaving out of the question boggy roads and occasional floods, rendered the news somewhat anti quated. Then the frequent petty vexa tions which occurred in relation to postage, which was sometimes paid by the sender of the letter, sometimes by its recipient if found, were very inconvenient. When subsequently public attention was ear nestly given to teaching the masses to write and to read manuscript the necessity for adopting some system for the exchange of letters became imperative, and neces sity in that case as in others became the mother of invention. That much inconvenience should have been felt in the early days of this colony in regard to communication with 'home' was inevitable. How that word ' home' clings to us old folk even now! When our immediate descendants use the word it will indicate the country to which we have brought them, or in which they have been born; and thus it should be. Some times the non-arrival of letters, at others their long-detention on the way, were subjects for complaint in Adelaide. On the other hand people at home who wanted all possible information about the new and paradoxical territory complained that their friends here were not suffi ciently prompt in their communications. Apart from South Australia or Aus tralia at large complaints of the forgetful ness or negligence of emigrating connec tions are probably as antiquated as the invention of ships — certainly as ancient as the art of writing. That the charge is true as regards most men who expatriate themselves to distant and savage countries cannot be denied. They promptly com municate the fact of their arrival, add a few letters at lengthening intervals, and then subside into silence. However inex cusable this conduct may be it is by no means unaccountable. Lord Byron wrote, with a lamentable absence of charitable feeling — ' Well, really if a man won't let us know ' That he's alive, he's dead or should be so!' The charge, however, applies, although perhaps in a minor degree, to correspon dents left in the old country. In many instances it is the departed relative or friend who realizes the adage, 'out of sight out of mind.' Charles Lamb admits and in some degree accounts and offers excuse for this home remissness in a letter characteristically rambling and bantering, which he addressed an awful long while ago to a friend who had emi grated to New South Wales. He com mences thus: — 'My dear F — When I think how welcome the sight of a letter from the world where you were born must be to you in that strange one to which you have been transplanted I feel some compunctious visitings at my long silence. But, indeed, it is no easy effort to set about a correspondence at our dis tance. The weary world of waters between us oppresses the imagination. It is difficult to conceive how a scrawl of mine should ever stretch across it. It is a sort of presumption to expect that one's thoughts should live so far. It is like writing for posterity, and reminds me of one of Mrs. Rowe's superscriptions, ' Alcandre to Strephon in the Shades.' '' This effect of distance between writer and reader, or rather lapse of time between the writing and reading a communication, Lamb illustrates thus : — ' What security can I have that what I now send you for truth shall not, before you get it, unaccount ably turn into a lie? For instance, our mutual friend ' P.' is at this present writing — my now — in good health and enjoys a fair share of worldly reputa tion. You are glad to hear it. This is natural and friendly ; but at this present reading — your now — he may possibly be in the Bench or going to be hanged, which in reason ought to abate something of your transport, i.e. at hearing he was well &c.; , or at least considerably to modify it.'' While copying the foregoing I was re minded that the last time I was in company with Mr. Lamb the topic ' Australia' turned up. Neither South Australia nor Victoria was then thought of. I expressed a willingness to emigrate to the great south land, and the amiable essayist denounced the admission with affected severity. He said when a man, born amid literature and advancing art and science, desired to cross the world to live with kangaroos he evinced a ' bar barous propensity.' He kindly added, with a signincant glance at me, that no doubt the meaty ones would die in character, and be buried in the stomachs of black fellows. Lamb's playful argument which applied with full force to this colony when it was first peopled has now been rendered obsolete. Circular steaming and electric telegraphs have brought the conflicting nows into much closer proximity. Nevertheless the colonial tardy epistolarian is entitled to much more allowance than his corre spondent on the other side of the globe. The latter remains in his habitual sphere of action ; the former has entered a newly organized community, and is surrounded by unfamiliar circumstances. If head or hands are his only capital, and especially if a family is dependant on him, while his future is problematical, his present will demand all the efforts of both. Perhaps he writes one or two hopeful letters, and his hopes not being immediately realized desists. His correspondent does the same until he finds the chasm of non-communication has grown so wide that he shrinks from attempting to leap it, and the longer he hesitates the more forbidding does the yawning abyss become. Thus terminate many corre spondences, but their termination is rarely if ever attributable to indifference about the country of the colonist's birth. The following verses, written four years after the writer's departure from England, may illustrate the fact. They were com posed amid uninfringed bush, between three and four hundred miles from Adelaide, at the seaside, and within see ing distance of a number of small islands with beaches smooth as velvet and white as snow. The writer was alone, and the lines, which are embodiments of real feelings operating at the moment, were pencilled in the rough by moonlight — HOMEWARD YEARNINGS. The gale of yesterday has died ; The brawling winds as death are still; In glassy sleep the waves subside, Outworn by their own stormy will. Mute is each vale and tree-clad hill, Save where the wild dog tracks the dew Or, like the voice of sorrow, shrill, And sadly plains the lorn curlew. Twilight— day's ghost— scarce seen, is gone ; And ocean rolls in light afar, Swathing, each in its silvery zone. Yon isles, which her loved infants are Far in heaven's depth gleams many a star— Ah! not the stars my boyhood knew — And mounting o'er the horizon's bar The moon makes pale the cloudless blue. What saw'st thou, Moon, short hours ago, In my far native hemisphere? Did kindred eyes gaze from below, And lips sigh—' Would that he were here ?' Say, didst thou gild that turret sere, 'Neath which an old man worn with thought Led my first prayers, and made more dear To all the sacred lore he taught ? Did thy beams clasp that rustic home Round which a pensive dreaming boy With Shakspeare's magic page I'd roam, Or snatch from Byron sterner joy ? Where Spenser's rhyme gave sweet employ, Beside the trout-stream in the vale, Do the old elm-trees still decoy The pensive, thence thy rise to hail ? What saw'st thou, Moon ! my boyhood's friend ! Companion I 'neath yon distant sky ? Do forms beloved in old scenes blend ? Does laughter flash from cheek and eye When Christmas mirth is mantling high ? Does still the merry viol sound, And feet as merrily reply Amid the dance's varied round ? Yet say, what saw'st thou ? Eyes grown dim, Though not with age ? And faces pale, Yet not from pain ? And sturdy limb Grown feeble from some unknown ail ? O'er what new grave do mourners wail ? Who still endure the ills of life, With strength unbowed or tremors frail ? And who have fled life's feverish strife ? One moment could I doff this clay And spring forth an unbodied mind, I would outspeed light's swiftest ray, And, leaving thy gross beams behind, Reach scenes by memory enshrined ! Shunning the footprints of decay, I'd pause where I might objects find Whose old forms have not passed away ! Fond wish, yet not more fond than vain ! Here, where the savage hath his home, My soul endures the rambling chain, And scarce on fancy's wings may roam. What am I? bubble of the foam, Cast on this shore by life's rough sea ; An hour to quiver 'neath heaven's dome, And then, unnoted, cease to be. In the earlier days of this colony the interest taken in the comparatively rare arrival of vessels from Europe was intense. The exclamation, 'A ship in sight,' acted with the force of electricity, and was propelled from tent to cottage until the whole lilliputian community had become aware of the fact. People got up in the middle of the night however cold, dark, and dirty it might be — walked to the Post-Office notwithstanding the unseasonableness of the hour, and waited until the mailbags were received. That important public establishment was a weatherboard cabin of two rooms at the north-eastern corner of King William street. The business was afterwards removed to somewhat more commodious apartments at the north-western corner of the same street. Then succeeded an unambitious predecessor to our present noble building. In all three localities for several years Captain Watts was the pre siding official, one military brother having succeeded another in the office ; and each did his best to alleviate inevitable vexa tions by uniform courtesy, and by making allowance for unavoidable circumstances. A generation or two back great were the impediments to communication be tween relatives and other connections even in Europe ; and as a matter of course additions to those inconveniences accrued in distant and isolated communities. In the year 1840 I forwarded a letter to London wherein I incautiously enclosed a small lock of hair appertaining to the first Australian-born member of my family. There was an understanding between my relatives and myself that we would mu tually post our letters postage unpaid, as we were afflicted by the notion that they were more certain to arrive if payment was conditional on delivery. That letter cost in England be tween four and five shillings, much to my vexation, although I knew that the money was most cheerfully paid. Had the system of uniform pre-payment with official certificate thereof endorsed then prevailed I should have been spared that and many similar annoyances, as would thousands of other individuals. These colonies, in common with the nation at large, are greatly indebted to Sir Rowland Hill, who has lived to see the results and reap the reward of his labours in the cause of Post-Office reform. It has, however, occurred to me that he is credited wholly or chiefly with the less important feature of his achievement. The establishment of cheap and uniform postage throughout the United Kingdom was a social and financial improvement, yet it was one which might have suggested itself to Joseph Hume, of ' sum-tottle-of-the- whole ' celebrity ; but the idea of revolu tionizing the entire system by substituting for payment with money, whether when posting or on delivery, compulsory use of previously purchased and officially authenticated stamps, evinced something Newtonian by its simplicity and effec tiveness; it at once relieved the Post Office of much unpleasant and responsible work, and conferred incalculable benefit on the whole community. 