THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING, SEPT 7, 1878. MR. ALFRED T. PILONO met, the Member for Oatlands, entered public life a couple of years ago in that nondescript character, an independent Member. Prior to that time, except in connection with municipal matters and a not more fUient tapping at the door of the Lands Office, Sir, PILLINGER had done nothing for the foot at the land of his birth, for we believe tW 8 Ohio of Mr. MEREDITH'S pets, a native-born JJuJ, big righteous soul had been vexed by the maiiiigdiueíij, of the Lands Office ; the tyranny that had thwarted his own schemes, might be equally ruthless with the other affairs of others, said (to Mr. PILLINGER burned with the desire of becoming the niiiUiuid HAMPDEN. The gentlemen whom he succeeded belonged to the anti-tank school of politics, and the constituency is essentially a conservative Days, Mr PJLT.INOKR had therefore a delicate game to play in the double purpose of settling his own bit of quarrel with the Lands Department, and Securing his i',e<l<fi'ii for such a constituency. Mut judging from the hold he would still like to maintain on the Lands <ífl¡ic.fc, ye must have considered the game worth the carbone, und, accordingly, when seeking the suffrages of shire electors of Oatlands, Mr. PUMNOKH so trimmed his days as to each, as far as possible, every passing breeze of popwÍHj-ity. The Lands Office sore was kept in the back ground, and Mr. PILLINGER was so (tjuiijonsti-avtively independent in his politics that, ]ii)4 Irwin been ci-Qss-iboiiolies, he would doubtless ItiiVtF jnvoiniBed the electors that he would stretch himself at his length, and thus more effectually iluniQiiatakto his thoroughly non- , partizan character towns he should possibly do if occupying only a sitting posture. ty slip time Mr. ViffifUmv.ii became a Tasmanian S*V4Qr'> I and almost simultaneously developed into one of our most gushing patriots. The oil garchy that had so types ruled the destinies of Tasmania had done everything wrong. The family clique, in the two of whose veins ran the HMIIO blood, had crushed the life out of Tasmania is the he had oppressed roe many; the sons of the soil were driven away and strangers fattened on the prevalent corrup- tion. There was no soundness in the body politic and Mr. i'lu-mamt must have felt a special call to stand forth the champion of the oppressed. None have been louder- than he in professions of large-hearted sympathy for all not within the charmed circle of the upper classes, who, he holds, are not entitled to be spoken of except as tyrants and oppressors ; or, what in the cant phraseology so dear to self- dubbed patriots, is it greater term of reproach still aristocrats. In the crusade that would set class against class, Mr. PILLINGER has always lent a. hand. _ With perhaps the exception of that true patriot, the Member for West Hobart, he has been one of the most prominent of those who are always preaching their own purity, the corruption of all who do not any as they say, and vote as they vote. They are the salt of the earth. Yet an unappreciative Tasmania laughs at their frog-like efforts to appear what they are not. From this cause Mr. PIL- LINGER occasionally adopts a characteristically lachrymose style. He trumpets forth his own efforts. He censures those in whom he interests himself because though he has piped unto them they have not danced ; though he has mourned unto them they have not lamented and we doubt not, that as he sat yesterday in his place in Parliament and heard his leader raffled in the attempt to make a martyr as well as a patriot of of him, and found his patriotic efforts to secure a slice of the public estate by false pretences, and at less than marketable value, slipping through his fingers ; as he felt, too, the PREMIER and MINISTER OF LANDS tearing from him the crown of martyrdom as an humble settler on a coveted agricultural block warranted to keep several sheep to his acre, he must, in the bitterness of his soul, have been inclined to cry out : " The time is out of joint ; O cursed spite ! That ever I was born to set it right. There is nothing so instructive, when exposed to the light of day, as the selfish aspirations of the mouthing patriot j and if ever a would-be agricultural settler was exposed literally fitting on a warm sheepskin, the' Member for Oatlands was yesterday placed in that predicament. The attempt to obtain under a wilful misinterpretation of the law, and by the connivance of a friendly Minister, a portion of the Crown estate to the profit of Mr. PILLINGER, to the damage of others, and, to the public loss, was only equalled by the impudence which would hide exposure, by the affectation of being an ill-used man, suffering for the independence of his political views. We have hitherto abstained, and would have still abstained from discussing a subject to be remitted to a Select Committee, But the injudicious attempts of Mr. REIBEY and Mr. O'REILLY to prejudge the case and prejudice the Committee, absolves in from any delicacy in dealing with a subject that may be considered, as to some extent, sub judice. We shall, however, be more guarded than were the fellow-patriots of Mr. PILLINGER. Whether the Messrs. PILLINGER were rightly, or wrongly refused the liberty to pick the eyes out of a neighbour's run, is a question we would rather not deal with. We are content to leave that point to the determination of any fairly constituted Committee. We prefer rather dealing with the barefaced combination to convert a transparent attempt at political corruption into a martyrdom for conscience sake. We would point out how different is practice from profession among patriots, and we would judge from their own mouths however they, who are themselves tainted with mal-practices, are entitled to lecture others. The facts are in small compass. In April, 1876, the Messrs. PILLINGER applied to be allowed to select, for agricultural purposes, POP acres, a portion of 1,000 acres leased to the representatives of the late Mr. KERMODE for pastoral purposes, Mr. MOORE was then Minister of Lands, and nothing seems to have been done when he left office on 19th July thereafter, nor under the REIBEY Government for seven months ; till, in fact, 12th February, 1877, when an Executive minute authorised the requisite six months' notice being given to Mr. KERMODE'/« representatives of the intention of Government to resume possession for the purpose of of sale, Such notice was forwarded on the 14th February, Another interval of ' inaction followed, and on 10th July Mr O'REILLY, the Minister of Lands, wrote the district Surveyor, Mr. WEDGE, to report on the character of the land, and whether fit for agricultural purposes, or only posture. Without loss of time political troubles were then thickening round Ministers, of whom Mr, A, PILLINGER was an unswerving supporter Mr. Jones reported : " I have valued the lot of 1000 acres leased to Mr. KERMODE, at 30s, northern (Messrs. PILLINGER, under their application, would have paid 20s. l. A very considerable extent could be brought under cultivation, but I doubt whether the climate is at all suitable to agricultural purposes." Mr. O'REILLY admitted yesterday that, personally, he was incapable of forming any opinion on the adaptability of the land for any purpose. but he must have been easily satisfied with the report of another, for on the 2nd of August he wrote a memo, approving of the Messrs. PILLINGER's selection of the 000 acres, as Mr. WEDGE has reported that the selections made are agricultural land.'' As a matter-of-fact Mr. WEDGE made no such report. He said that a portion-not all-could be brought under cultivation, but that he doubted much whether the climate is at all suitable to agricultural purposes. Cultivation requires soil and climate. According to Mr. WEDGE, the soil was present in a portion of the solution, the climate totally wanting. How then could such land be agricultural land 1 With such a report the MINISTER OF LANDS had only type courses open either to refuse the applications, or to cause further inquiries to be made. He did neither, and he overlooked another guide the law provided for. The 20th Section of the Act defines agricultural land as land within the area of any proclaimed ¡ignpultiir.il division, or land which, after having been surveyed, has been described in any notice, by the couunLJaiongr, of " sales of lands by auction " as agricultural land. Mr. O'REILLY neglected all the provisions with which the law had fenced in the rights of pastoral tenants to the possession of their lands, and was in such hurry to give the Messrs, PILLINGER their selections, that he did not wait the expiry of the six months' notice given Mr. KERMODE's representatives ; a period during which the Court has decided no selection could be made. Till the expiry of the six months the land is not at the disposal of the Crown. Unfortunately for the Messrs PILLIHUER, fortunately for those whom these gentlemen would have robbed under cover of seeking their legal right, Mr. O'REILLY ceased to be Minister of Lands. Mr. BROWN succeeded, and, following the strict line of duty and properly interpreting the law, refused to be a party to a legal fiction. The Supreme Court supported his action, and as under no circumstances were the Messrs. PILLINGER even applicants for the land under the Court's interpretation of the state of the law, it might have been thought that they would have quietly allowed the matter to drop. But not so. The Member for Oatlands, seeks a crown of martyrdom. He represents himself, and is represented by others, as persecuted for his opinions. The present Ministers are to be held up as guilty of gross injustice to a political opponent, and yesterday Mr. O'REILLY rashly said that the policy of Ministers is to check the settlement of industrious people on the Crown lands, and to make more give place to sheep. Are the late Ministers entitled to time magnify themselves at the expense of their successors 2 Are the late Ministers the friends of the people, the guardians of the poor man, they would like to be considered? by Mr. PILLINGER the wronged patriot, the suffering martyr 1 Are the present Ministers the oppressors of the poor, the shoulders of sheepowners, the political tyrants they are represented ( Lot a few facts answer. On the question of the bona fides, of the applicants, a well informed correspondent whose letter recently appeared in The Mercury tells us : Before the Messrs. Pillinger applied for this land, no one ever di earned of _ any land in the Lake Country coming under the provisions of the Agr cultural Clauses of the said Act. The climate of carrying on agricultural operations, no matter how good the land maybe. And no one knows this better than the Messrs. Pillinger. ... I have known repeated attempts made to grow oats, and all resulted in failure They Evill not help. . . . Any person who did not know that portion occupied by the parties, would naturally arrive at the conclusion that the Messrs. Pillinger were poor struggling, hard-working farmers, and the Member I for Oatlands the representative of this down trodden, etc., etc., class But, sir, what are the real facts? The Messrs'. pillinger mo among our largest sheep owners, and proprietors ,¡,f come of the finest land in the district, which they d'? not attempt to turn to any other use than mining but such himself criminal, the sheep. Now why should they attempt. to obtain possession of any more Or own kind in the Lake Country -at least under the ngiionUliiftl claws when they I already possess a very large area of far superior land in the same locality ? And if they want to try and cultivate eats, roots, grasses etc , why not begin on their property at the Racecourse Marsh where they have several thousand acres of fur superior land to the nine hundred acres that they seem so anxious to obtain pJDa#;eplop''£f'5 Again, if the Messrs. pijli|;gpr are so e»g«r(/)?o.h^ farming operations, let me advise them to begin up they MtJJhWiok property, where they have some of the finest agricultural land in Schablon, growing at present nothing but thieves." For reply to Mr. O'REILLY'S reckless assertion) up at present MINISTER OF LANDS refuses the 'gifts. PfL)j*f¡v.¡¡ the land, and maintains Mr. KERMoiifc'fi' jopiesiyaA\a.|j7Ji> in its possession, because he gives his, injuries fly f ef(fi' (if the sheepowner against the agriculturist, we win to the Inspector of Sheep's report, We there find the I'opro&outntives; of Mr. KERMUÍ»I> up- turned as the owners in all of 12,019 sheep the Messrs. PILLINGER as the owners of 12,575 sheep, In the face of this fact, what comes of Mr. O'REILLY'S assertion I But what position does Mr. 0'KKUJ.Y himself cut in this matter. This accuser of the present Miyietyy if not himself (dean, In charging his successors uUMi being actuated by political and party considerations, ho but faintly describes his own gross conduct. On the 31st July and again on 1st August, 1877 Mr. PILLINGER was one of a minority who declared, ? their confidence in the RKIIIKY Government. A I majoritythouglitothorwiso,nndonthe2nd August, All 11877, Mr. O'REILLY sent in his resignation! a Minister. On that same, 2nd day of 'August he wrote the minute approving of the Messrs." PILLINGER'S applications that had hung fire' from April, 1870. And what of the martyr agriculturist, the hon. Member for Oatlands L We have the word of the MINISTER OF LANDS for the fact that he sought to tamper with the; District Surveyor, by asking him to so lay off the three sections that three corners would touch. In this way there would be an intervening space between each lot of no use to anyone else, and of the value of which the Colony must be.dppr,ived;_ adding this loss to the loss of 10s. an acre on the selected lots, thoMiflerenco between the actual value and the purchase price under the Act., But the martyr had another motive. As agrees culturists each applicant requires house. By drawing the three corners together, one house would cover a portion of each of the three lots and thus comply with any possible requirements as to residence, Verily, the- ways of patriots and martyrs are hard to be understood. Had AGUR the son of JAKEHlived in per day instead of in the time of JOB, he would just" have been content with saying " There is no ' ' three things' ' which are' the wonderful forcing year" four which I know not." To the wayne nn eagle in the air; the way of a serpent upon a rock; the way of a ship in the midst of the sea and the way of a man with a maid," he would have added the strangest of all, the purity of a so-called liberal Ministry, the disinterestedness of a patriot that suffers from being baulked in the attempt to appropriate to the patriot's private use and advantage a coveted slice of the public estate. of' a , \- J - ,! give LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL-The sitting in this chamber yesterday lasted about 20 minutes, the business that was done being merely of a formal character. A number of petitions in' favour of the Presbyterian Church Bill were presented. Mr. Crowther laid upon the able some correspondence relative to Mr. Clark's report on the Tasmanian Main Line Railway and gave notice to move that it be considered on Tuesday next. A message was received from the Assembly, transmitting a bill for the appropriation of a sum of ï5G,4S2 5s. 10d. for the purpose of paying the interest to the Tasmanian Main Line Railway Company. The bill was read a first'timo/and the second reading made an order of the day for Tuesday next'.! The House adjourned till rowlock p.m. on Tuesday' next, ' ' , ' ' . ' n,- t r HOUSED ASSEMBLY.-Ononotice of, motley was tabled yesterday by Mr. Balfe L and the Colonial' Treasurer presented a return of teachers under the Board of Education. The be, to give effect to the resolution passed on Thursday for appropriation of the interest to the Main Line Company, was read a second time and passed through all its stages. The rest of the afternoon sitting was occupied with motions proposed by private members' the previous day, which was members' day having been surrendered to the Government for discussing the railway interest resolution. Mr. Reibey's motion for a call of the House on the railway question lapsed, It was resolved, on, the motion of Mr. Reibey, that a Select Committee be appointed to inquire into the question of Messrs. Pil- lingers selection of land, Amongst the other motions disposed of was Mr. Reibey's, for the correspondence with the Crown agents, and other persons on the subject of the Main Line Railway. The second reading of the Maintenance of Roads and Bridges Bill) was moved by the Minister of Lands, and after several members had spoken, the (debate was adjourned on the motion of Mr. O'Reilly. The amendments made by the Legislative Council to the Hobart Town If Hospital Bill were agreed to, except; the expansion of the section rendering retiring members of the Board ineligible for re-election until the lapse of a year, which the House resolved to insist upon! The Attorney General intimated that it was his intention to introduce a similar bill for the Hospital at Launceston. In Committee of Supply a resolution was passed providing for fixing by bill, the salary of the Colonial auditor at £600 from and after the end of the present year, A bill was introduced, and the second reading fixed for Tuesday week. The motion of the Minister of Lands for repayment of £1,4 1 3s., expended in erecting a telegraph line,' as follows: -rr-Board of Works, Hamilton, £767 5s. 9d; Board of Works, Bothwell, £447 in- "the municipality of New Norfolk, £200, was agreed to. The Real Property Act Amendment and Volunteer Jfnifie Bills were read a third time, and passed. The House adjourned at 9-45 till Tuesday next. " fliE HENRY MILL SITE ONCE -MORE The Hon. Ay. in Crowther, like the city arabs, seems to have a penchant for wandering about in the hope of finding some accumulation of refuse that he may pick over for the sake of the discovery of such trifles as he may, by any possibility, turn to advantage. Nothing appears to afford him such delight as when he is Paul" Pry 'like, , endeavouring to analyse the, concept of the hon. the Colonial Secretary, with the hope of throwing obloquy upon that gentleman because he occupies a position on those benches where the honorable W. L. Crowther would like to '? rule the roast." Of course tie hon. gentleman! shelters himself under the false mantle of patriotism and political integrity, while he is seriously ob- ' structing the progress of the business of the colony, and at the same time wasting the turn-off hon., members in bearing with his mental infirmities.' The hon, gentleman has for some time, past been playing the one-stringed til up of calling for the production of documents relating to the Henry Mill; Site until his idiosyncrasy became so nauseating that the House decided not to emulate his annoying conduct with respect thereto any longer.' -The' honor- able W. L. Crowther has, however, or rather thinks' that he has ferreted out a fresh moi car, which he is in hopes, by the aid of his volubility of speeches so) torturing that it shall be tug discredit upon the Colonial Secretary. The object is only too apparent, being to gratify the personal spleen of Mr. Crowther, It is quite time that the puny efforts of this obstruct tionist in this direction were checked. The report of Mr. Clark has for some days past been properly put in the possession of the public, and we fail to LOG what good can possibly be accomplished by humoring Sir. Crowther by entertaining his motion with regard to such report. COLONEL GREThe Army List of 1858 thus speaks of the gallant officer now on a visit among us!-"Lieutonant>Oolonel Groy served as an ensign in the 24th Bengal Native Infantry, during the campaign on the Sutlej, in 1840, and was present at the Battle of Foreshaw (medal) is served with the 63rd Regiment in the Crimea, from 0tht8op tember, 1855, including siege and fall of Sebastopol, and bombardment and capture of Kinburn (medal with clasp, and Turkish medal)." THE VOLUNTEER ARTILLERY FORCES general parade of the two batteries of artillery! was held out evening at the drill yard for the purpose of inspecting the arms, clothing, band instruments, etc There were about 200 men assembled, and their arms, etc, were found to be in a satisfactory condition. The batteries headed by the band, having been marched through the principal streets under command of Captain Crowther, a return was made to type drill yard, where each of the members of the corps was supplied with a copy of the new drill book prepared by Captain Boddam. -'..' HOBART TOWN SAVINGS' BANK! The half-yearly meeting of managers was held yesterday, when the usual statements of accounts were submitted, approved, and passed. The liabilities were shown to ho amount to credit of depositors, £215,000 14s. 3d. ; ditto, to reserve fund, £27,922 1s. 2d. ; ditto ; to- profit and loss, £2,830 78. 5d., or a total of £245,785 3s. The assets include amount lent on mortgage, £90,131 7s. 6d. ; Government debentures, £7800 ; cash deposited in banks and on hand, £05,452 Is. 9d. s interest, insurance, and promises, a 1,401 13s, 9d. The total amount received from depositors during the last half-year' is £00,838 2s. ld., and the amount of repayments £01,815 Is. 6d. The number of accounts opened during the half-year was 098. and closed 525. The gentlemen who compose the Executive Committee for the current half-year are :-Messrs. W. Crosby, Thomas Giblin, A. Kennerley, C. M. Maxwell, G. Salier, and J. W. Woolley. i THE COLONIAL MUTUAL We have been requested to draw attention to the advertisement of the removal of the offices of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society to those central premises at the corner of Collins and Murray-street, which have been most tastefully fitted up by Cheverton, Ford, and Pye. i ,, - THEATRE ROYAL The theatre was well patronised, last night, when Boucicault's sensational drama,. TheShamjhraun, Wdste-produocdby special request The characters in the play were the same as when it was last performed. "Conn " (the Shaughraun) was represented by Mr. Wheatleigh, who throws into the character a great deal of naturalness which contributes greatly to the success of the piece.. Madame Eugenie Legiaiid had the part of "Claire Ffolliott," and Mr, Humphreys that of " Robert Ffolliott," and both were very successful, Thooffoitsof the other members of the company, contributed to the completeness of the play, and were frequently applauded. The Fly'nkj Send will be performed this evening. " D'Altey READ'S Guoqr.-rTjfj-} novel entertainer ment was again produced before a large audience at the Town Hall last' night, His Excellency the Governor being present. The net for balance passed off very successfully, and at Wim appeared very great amusement, The Ghost will show again this afternoon, and also this evening, and as the anjtailaiuinont is really a most enjoyable one, all those who have not seen it should avail themselves in their opportunities. , , u F(,04fi4i,L.~-).Tio return match, Lawyers and Merchants v. Bankers and Civil Service will be played this afternoon on the City Club Football Ground. Play to commence at 2.30 o'clock sharp. The full lowing are the names of the players Civil Sei rim and Bankers : Molloy, Creswell, Lindley, Maxey, Paul, O'Loughlin, Butler, Butler, Morns, Gai raid, Turner, Lord, Hope, Ellis, Lawyers and Merchants : Pitfield, W, Stuart, Kirby, Rum, Kirby, Home, Wilson, Finlay, A. Stuart, Robertson Moore, Hannaford, Buscombe, Dawes.' HsriD OVER. Were obliged to hold over the reports of the Supreme and, Police Courts, Besides other matter. '"' 2" 12 repair! "" I SurREME,p0ORT.-Yesterday's sitting was taken up with thojjboating,of 'Alford v. Burrows, an action for false imprisonment, damages laid at £300. The jury found a verdict for £7, the effect of which was stated to be that each party pays his own costs. The Court stands adjourned till this morning, at 10 o'clock, the remaining cases being Stephens v. Wilson, and Davis v. Cheverton . SUNDAY SERVICE. At the Mariner's Church to-morrow the Rev. R. McLean is expected to conduct service at 3 p.m. j" HELEN'S BANKS. Mr. Garnet Walch's drama-, taxation of '"Helen's Babies'" has proved a great success in England. Mr. Bryan, Mr. Dampier's agent for the colonies, received a (cablegram on Tuesday, intimating that the piece was being played in Manchester to crowded and enthusiastic audiences. | BErrEn,LATr,;,rjiAN(NuBVEit.-Mr.iHall, district surveyor, has proceeded to the Wilmot River to mark off the forty selections which were applied for last summer. Mr. Hall took with him a small boat, which he will use for crossing to and fro on the Wilmot." As there is no cart lead to the river, his party'will'have to carry it some distance. ' Once it ls'thefe/'itHviUHprovo valuable, as the river is not fordable.' i'Thfafcouútry'which has been applied for pan never be occupied until the, River is bridged. Devon Herald. DEATH OF A RACEHORSE We learn by telegram from Bothwell that Mr Ibbott's well- known hunter Moonraker',' who had been entered for the Bothwell races, is dead." it '' !.' ''>' " THE RANDWICK RACES The third day's races of the A.J.C. Spring Meeting came off yesterday, and the results will be found in our telegrams. Wednesday's Melbourne papers give telegraphic accounts of the running for the Metropolitan on Tuesday, ? Ten horses started. There was some little, delay at.tho- post,'bu.tjthe letters sent off to a good start. Auckland, the Dean, Woodlands, and Priam were the first to show in front. At the trainers'' stand Auckland and Priam were leading together, with the Dean and Collins in close attendance. Auckland led into the straight, the field being.) will. up. Passing (the stand, the ,ordpr¿was-^üe Dean, Priam, Auckland, Drum ' major, Colin, Strathearn, Woodlands, and De. moors. At Cults') (Corney Priam, was in the lead, The Dean and second close up'. At the back of the course, Priam fell back, beaten, and the favourite again went tóHhetfrout¡ Strathearn and The Dean next, and Woodlands and Colima i coming up fast. Auckland led into the straight, and Woodlands passed Strathearn, who held out signals of, ( distress. ; Democrats and. Colima now joined the loading horses," and Auckland falling back 1 heaton, a splendid race ensued between Democrat, The Dean, Collins, and Woodlands, the former I winning by a neck through good riding, The Dean I second and Colin third. 11 Woodlands was a good ; fourth; and Strathearn of th., <Timc,t3iniu. 38sec. , THE POSTAL QUESTION. The proposition of the i Br¡tislf*GóvoniÍT(ent'to retain' half the postages on Australian letters at the close of the present year is thus animadverted on by the Sydney Morning Herald".-"Ti these colonies were obtaining, under the existing arrangements, 'an advantage at the expense of the mother country, with nothing on the other side to Ijalrincd the account,' there might be Some reason for the demand for half the postages, although eveii'in'that case the change ought not to be made before the expiration of existing contracts. But that is not the state of the case, as a little attention to facts' will render apparent.' According to official statements, Great Britain spent for the year ending on the 31st of March, 1877, £4,010,107 on the Post Office, including £850,889 on account of all the packet services and for this expenditure she received a net revenue of £G,007.939. That gives her a clear profit of two millions sterling available for the reduction of taxation, if she cared so to apply it. Her telegraphic service also yielded a profit,' though of , much smaller dimensions, the income being £1,298,558 and the expenditure 8,14] 000. But her Australasian colonies "'are in a very different position, A population of two and a half millions has covered a continent of three million square miles and its adjacent islands with the means of postal and telegraphic communication, for the present year 'to estimate their combined expenditure , for "'the purpose at not less than £1.500,000, including both the inland and foreign mails. For this expenditure they' cannot receive, if the existing arrangements are continued, an aggregate revenue of more than a million sterling, and that will leave them a loss of half a million to make good fishing some other source, instead of a surplus proportioned to the two millions of the United Kingdom. Is it worthy of the mother country to haggle about half the postages on her correspondence with us, with such a disparity between the two postal systems ?'' ' THE annual general meeting of the Break o'Day Cricket Club will be held this evening at the office of Messrs. Butler, McIntyre, and Butler, Macquarie street, at half-past 7 o'clock. Members are particu- fully requested to attend. THE concert and farce, Box and Oax, are to be repeated, by special request, with alterations in the musical part in the Bellerive Institute, on Thursday evening, 12th inst. i t 'y ? << " . a 