MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR own CORRESPONDENT.) MoDday Eveninz. " More light and fuller that we want" is becoming the recognised household cry in Melbourne. We"'are experiencing the ill effects of granting a monopoly so convinc ingly that if the question were referred to a plebiscitum I don't believe' there is one householder in the city or suburbs who would not instantly vote for a Bill to rescind the powers granted to the Metropolitan Gas Company! Competition gave ns a light which, though it had the peculiarity of be coming wistfully attenuated after midnight, was yet a moderately bright and usable article. Monopoly' has changed all this so rapidly that there has not been even time for inspectors to be'appointed for oar pro tection. . We are compelled to grope for our food at meal-times, like the Israelites in the cloud and thick darkness, and our burners exhibit but ghosts of flame: spiral, weak, - ■and of a dubious yellow. Last night (Sunday) it was difficult in some house-.| holds to get sufficient light to read by from a three-burner gasalier, and what was afforded was defective in color and deficient in volume. There is a growing feeling that, unless Mr Foord. exalts his re putation by enlightening us, we shall have to take to kerosene,' aud , that the Govern ment will have to bring in a third bill next session infinitely more important than reform of the Council, upon universal requisition, the prayer of which will be—" Lighten our Darkness." ' Has anyone observed how yesterday's events have broken . down one of; the strongest walls of Jndaical conservatism, and that in future Christian fathers will have to take care that the idyll of Lorenzo and Jessica is not reversed ; for the deliver ance of Kabbi Jacobson yesterday ■ means practically this—that Jewish youth who have a hankering after'Christian maidens are encouraged to marry them, that | by judicious exercise of domestic influ ence they may win fresh female converts to the ancient faith. Liberals will rejoice that the most conservative people on earth are beginning to have a looser hold upon their legalised usages; but, for all that, Judaism liberalised in this direction' is a * menace to Christian families of fixed reli gious principles. The hon. the Speaker will .on Thursday next issue a writ for the election of a mem ber for Warrnambool. The Government candidate has not as yet been finally decided upon, but MrBenjaminDouglas(who formerly contested the seat) is spoken of as being willing to come forward, and when it is re membered that Warrnambool is to a great extent dependent upon Government patron age, he would probably have an excellent chance. From what X hear of the opinion in the constituency, it will not require that a first-class man should be selected to oppose Mr Francis, for that gentleman sails under such dubious colors, and adopts snch a half black half-white livery, that even Sir James I -M'Culloch's henchmen are doubtful as to his | battle-cry. A number of boys who desired to place themselves for a time upon the free list of the Theatre Boyal broke open the money taker's box last Thursday evening and ab stracted therefrom a number of tickets. Two youths, who were found selling tickets corresponding to those stolen, were arrested on Saturday, but upon pleading that they had purchased them from other boys, they were discharged. The letter-carrier, Howie, was to-day re manded for another seven days on the charge of stealing a letter and contents, in consequence of some necessary evidence not being available at the time. He pleaded guilty. The old adage of "a fool and his money" etc., will probably never cease to have an illustration. Three women "were charged to day before the City Police Court with having robbed an old man of £650, the money con sisting of a cheque for £600 and. five £10 notes. The prosecutor did not wish to press the charge, and the consequence was that the Bench was placed at a disadvantage, for the money had been recovered by the vigil ance of the police. The prisoners were ex ceedingly (apparently ?) penitent, and the I prosecutor was anxious to return to his wife | and family, but the magistrates were firm, and. in order to gain further information against the accused, they were remanded for one week. It is stated that the prosedhtor went to the house of the accused with a view of looking after the property of a friend who had been robbed;; and so got robbed himself. Currency has 'lately been given as to how the first Melbourne Exchange was esta blished, in which the merchants and traders could assemble. Although: writing anony mously, as an old colonist I may state that twenty-six years ago the first Melbourne Exchange was established, its then Secretary being Mr W. IV. Wilson. I was one of its first members, and the place of meeting was the back room of the then Boyal Hotel, afterwards called the Criterion Hotel, in Collins-street." The hours for assembling were fixed, and newspapers and shipping information were promptly supplied to members. The want of such a place of resort is sadly felt by all visitors to this colony. I may state that the room in ques tion, although used in the day time by mer chants and traders, was occupied, in the evening by a company of musicians, includ ing the names of John Gregg, Thatcher, and Miss Chalker. The Melbourne City magistrates are evi dently fully determined to support the police in their efforts to put down what is known as " larrikinism," or assaults upon the police in any shape or form. The youth ful criminals who infest the City apparently consider a police constable as a person at .whom "arf a brick " should be thrown, but the presiding magistrates appear to bo of a different opinion. Mr J. T. Smith, who pre sided to-day at the City Police Court, stated that he was determined to protect the officers of the law in the performance of their du ties, and sentenced more than one to long terms of imprisonment. It is • to be hoped that by acts of firmness such as these, the ! streets of the City will be no longer after nightfall left'under the control of vagabonds, and "roughs.". -• ,. The following are the deliveries of flour, wheat, and other produce at the. Spencer street Station during the week ending May. :4thWheat, 3391 hags ; flour, 3800 do; bran and pollard, 1073 do j oats, 610 do; barley, 181 do ; potatoes, 659 ' do. From these returns it will be seen that the supply is. gradually increasing, which is the more noticeable; as at this season of the year large arrivals of produce from . the country districts are not looked for! ■ There has been a marked improvement in the share piarket to-day, especially in' Black •Horse stocks, which advanced to £6 3s in the early part of the "day, and closed at £6 10s. The movement in this stock and the activity in Stawell interests gave the market a brisk- I ness that has not been observable for some j time. 