ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; I cannot tell why Mr. Fitzball, the adaptor of a French drama whose title I do not know, called it" The Duel in the Snow." The only reason for his doing so, was that the drama ends with a duel in a snow scene. But the duel does not occupy 10 minutes, and the drama is two hours long. Shakspeare might as . appropriately have called " Hamlet" " The Duel in the Palace." There is no ac counting for these eccentricities of dramatic : authors. But, even apart from this misno merical error, the piece has nothing in it to . commend it to favourable consideration. It is commonplace. It consists of an old story of love, jealousy, elopement, and vengeance. We have some of it in "EastLynne," some more in ?' Frou Frou," and the last scene is from "The Coraican Brothers." It is varied by an episode of poisoning, the poisoned person being the first wife of the man whose second wife elopes, after the manner of Lady Isabel TCarlyle and Gilberte. We are given to understand that the ghost of the first wife occasionally visits the re. morseful; husband, .and, in the last scene she is shown' perched upon a sort of cairn or tumulus,i looking upon the fight with apparent satisfaction* The dramatist leaves it to the imagination to suppose what happens after the gay cjeceivet is killed. The curtain falls Hpon hisjdeath<-agony, and the naughty wife jkneete .in a repentant' manner. Perhaps they maraeit »p in the after-time, and agree to .forget and forgive. I often wonder whether an occasional anti- climax would not be interesting, so as to1 show what comes .after those thrillingaeenes which end sbme . tragedies jatad melodramas.1 .' The " ijuel in the Snow-was played last1 : Saturday nifeht iat the Theatre Royal, and Mr.; :aiid Mrs. Bates took the 'leadirtg characters in it' Mm. Bates doubled for the-two wives', and Mt. Bates! rieprfesented the' outraged husband.! TJiey both played exceedingly well; ' ionly l^v^iyb^y iwas sorry that Mrs. Batekwas «p hoarpe/Qathe same occasion jltr.. Appletbfa .played , the gay decefiverv hotakes.awefr the ladythat does1 >not ;belon ; to" hrajarijl paa^e much of the' charact&, -ftotttiig rascal lita i tevipon, ui :',;E3aat Itfime," but; a. careless fellow. ;who drifts1 with the tide, juBtraasJgi Kjd'manypfebpliB dnlt inthia world; r rflCbe«tf0(ni .« soomicfirisl efj, jfipd tfc I . hither aid thither i>y: Mr. Greville and Mis.1 Appleton. : ^ I After thfe flramftthete were two ticjs of1, i ''^fltteaBttshes/'wjbich Mrs. Bates pjayed. Miami. , Bath's gqmparea very mill mth?!the jb^ i^iawii? we ihave. had,! tbut Itfrink'A' Green." - the preceding. I am told that " Rosedale' had an extraordinary success in America. When it was first played in Melbourne, now nearly four years ago, 1 wondered much to hear that it bad been so popular in the States. I still wonder, for it is nothing but a jumble of scenes and characters with very little apparent connexion. And the characters are all of the ordinary type, and the incidents are much worn. Except, perhaps, that in which a young lady puts a bandage upon the arm of a young gentleman who has hurt it in knocking a ruffian down. And one does not see the reason for a bandage, as she has just brought him a lotion to apply, and when lotions are applied upon bandages, these latter require to be put on by someone better skilled than an average young lady is supposed to be. But the object of the young lady putting on the bandage, is that the love passage between the two may be more marked and special, and so therefore, if there is not very good surgery, the object of the dramatist is served. Just as you will sometimes see on the stage, rooms with four or five doors, not because it is intended to declare that veritable rooms have four or five doors, but that "the exigencies of that drama required that number. I could imagine that Mr. Lester Wallack, the author of '' Rosedale," had written his scenes and characters upon cards, and shaken them up in a box, just as the judge's associate shakes up the names of the jurymen before calling them out, for one can only conjecture the story. The leading character is a widow who wants to be married to a medical man, and who cannot because her uncle, who has the right to refuse his consent, will not give it. The medical man has a friend who turns out to be also his brother, but not before a disreputable ruffian has claimed that distinction. He has also a sister, who turns out to be not his sister. The widow's son is abducted by the ruffian, who abducts also some family papers and jewels, of which he makes a use profitable to himself. The obdurate uncle is also a ruffian, but of the respectable order, and there are other ruffians not respectable. Also a housekeeper, who, after the manner of housekeepers, is tyran- nical when she gets the chance to be so. Also a little boy, who is stolen , but recovered. Also two comic characters, these latter being played by Mr. Greville and Mrs, Appleton, so as to make you laugh " sans intermission.' Mr. Bates played the friend, who is also a brother, who is also a lieutenant in the Lancers, who is also a successful amateur detective. And this multiform character .Mr. Bates played very well. Mrs. Bates played the medical man's sister, who is not his sister, and who, for a brief period, is in agony, lest the man whom she has chosen to be her husband, should prove to be her brother, and she also acquitted herself to the satisfaction of everybody, inasmuch as she showed a natural unforced womanliness perfectly free from stage affectations, As the rough villain Mr. Vincent was very well, and he would have been still better if he had been able to persuade himself to talk instead of declaiming. Mr. O'Brien is always at his best when he has a dignified scoundrel to personate, so is Mr. Appleton when he depicts a manly man full of the higher virtues. Little Miss Bryer played the stolen boy very prettily, and Mrs. Bryer the severe housekeeper effec- tively. Miss Meadway - or Medway, for the bills spell it variously-played the widow. If this lady could but be persuaded to speak in a natural tone of voice, and not as if she were begging her life of somebody, I think she would be better liked. Miss Watt had a little part to play, but she did not play it as if she had registered a vow in heaven to " conjure the wandering stars." Miss Watt speaks as if she walked upon the earth, and did not sail upon clouds. There has been a suspension of business at the Opera-house, but on Saturday night there is to be an extra performance for the benefit of the chorus, and on Monday the Soldene Company are to appear again. At the Princess's, all the week, Messrs.; Baker and Farron have been repeating sotae of their well-known performances, andhave had good houses aa the acknowledgment of their efforts1 At theiAcademy on Saturday night ^''JLpple Blossoms," a play by theauthor^of. "TOPhe1 Two Rosies," was presented for the first time in this colony. Here, again, the title is per* ! plexing, )for the title has nothing to do j with the story, save that there is an apple-tree in fall blossom in front of the inn where some of the action takes place. I Bat when you come to speak of sjpr^ j there is Ireally none to teTL- Like " Rose-; dale," it conaista'of Characters, situations, and' sentiments, - assorted, hut -not connected. Ail you can make out in the way of 'pI6t is that a yoang gentleman Irishes to marry & young woman, who seems to fe -a Iqrid .$.] superior barmaid atan inn, and that his' father forbids the marriage, and that there-3 upon he goes toseaunderan asramednatiie, and«ome$ back wi thins aim in a Bling,!ito1 find his father stOT obdurate, The yoiing ^ %bmah doe* not: appear to takehis gd|W' away to fieattverr much, but goes at&nt; j just the same; in a pleasant, eaaK&dhion;,, as- if «hfehad a contented foip& enjoyed, jtherefore, according to the pro verb, -a'- continual feast. In the ipnd, cowse, the obdurate old jj^olem^ m^lts, j giy^s hi* ponsent, e$i&tiw; lovers, are made ' happy. fljbls fcgall, «o frr as the stbiy is ^qr-, cer^d,therenre ureal ^bntery tha: lacten ya^iourfy totewsfctng, but hatf^oniy aipiaaaal^imexUm with the plot,, 'j^'mey-., tpakedp'a gooddealof tfe trttBu&as;, Thus' there te'tt tihbynnabj vbb illa&tmea; m.% ^leasaftfcl? feme ^q^eniodis jbi lis;1 'ft*'1 ,fn|elxi-i! & «W» a$u|ptMs Utea inigei emJ toeFjprit itfohls .mouth, a&d;, lie' demon artsratte1 *vhafc/ati iioBicb^t^ Vhpaiei to He cMf® I,:' find' .so* WOstiAivertmg^ofaJl played by Mr. Thome, yoa can easily suppose this to he so. Also there are some obtuse characters who are amusing because of their obtuseness, and these were played by Mr. Daniels and Mr. Douglass. AIbo a grass widow, not nnamusingly sketched by Mrs. Ryan. Also a wife of one of the obtuse people, daintily denoted by Miss Jessie Gray. Also Mr. Temple, a gentleman, of eccentric habits and amiable manners, and whose benevolence takes the direction of buying things he does not "want, especially matches, which tt&e; fire in his pocket, and amuse everybody but himself. He was grotesquely indicated by Mr. Joyce. All these are accessory characters, 80 that the characters proper to the story axe only three, namely, the young woman at the; inn, the young man who is in love with her, and th& old man who forbids the banns. Mrs. Lewis played the young woman with an agreeable, easy gentleness very taking. She1 gave one-, especially the notion of a happy yOtmg woman whom the world's worries do not waste nor ' weary ; a comfortable, kind young woman, comely and wifely; a young woman who; would never nag, nor want tilings, it was difficult to get, nor fret because she could not go to places her husband did not to go to; a young woman who would1 learn cookery, tod take a pride in keeping her house pretty and bright. Mr. Phillip^; played the young man, and made -of, him an> honest, frank, well-behaved, intelligent fel low ; one you would like to know and invite - to your house, who would play with children and not mind carrying a parcel, who would pat a dog on the head and stroke a cat^ who would whistle as he went, and not fbir want of thought either; who would speak ten derly to old people, and when he asked a servant ' to do anything for him, would always say "if you please," and when, he got it, would never forget to eay: " thank. you." All this Mr. Phillips madeto.appear. Mr. Ryan played the obdurate.old genfleman. I am disposed to think Mr. Ryan h&s; given* up elongating his vowels, for I do.not re member that he stretched out one daring the entire representation of this character. This makes me hopeful of hira. Is it that he is less prone to vowel-lengthening when he* dresses in modem costume? If so, let him abjure doublet, hose, and trunks,: velvet hat and feather, buff boots, gauntletrgloves,- and rapiers. The opening set of this pieeewas a shore view, with tbe Bea in the distance. The . for^round was not inartistic, hut tiie sea was of solid lead. 1 - J - The Ke^ly aiid Leon Company at St. George's.Hall draw crowds every night., and no wonder, for however dull you mightfeelat the theatres, , here you are .kept in a continual simmer of laughter, for the fun never stops and yet it ib SO varied and so nnexp^bted that you are never wearied. -The time passes bo pleasantly that you are made practically aware; of what is meant by being beguiled of .your time. I had thought ttier$ was but ope way Of representing the introduction to a minstrel entertainment, but they show that there are several ways,, aiid'that their way is of the pleasantest kind. Mr. Kelly fs himself a comedian of the best sort, for he is funny without forcing the fan, and he makes you laugh when you least expect to laugh.. The corner men are real humourists,, especially the tainbonrine-maq, Mr. Lester, I think. He utters his jokes as if they i slipped from him unconsciously. Japanese Tommy is a hideous little droll, but he is a | real droll, and yon would not like him half so well if he were not hideous. Mr. Court right, who sings and dances " Flewy- Flewy" -I have hot the remotest notion what is the | meaning of "Flewy-Flewy"-has clearly na bones, but is made up of muscles and liga | ments. Of the singing I have already said that it is in its way perfect, .and of Leon a whole chapter might be written. He is a marveL In short, the Kelly and Leon Minstrels go beyond all other minstrels black, white, and carbonised-we have evfec had in Melbourne. There will, of course, be many novelties this Easter, and among these will be the Rev* Charles Clark, |who has been nearly twoyeara away. He will appear on EasterMon(lay,attiie Town-hall, of course, for-no other, building would contain the people who will go to hear him, and he "will lecture on ""Westminster ^.Ibbey," which is a new subject. On; his own ground Mr.. Clark -hag no rival, and those who have heard him recently in Sydney, say - hei has .much ? improved both .< w power! and fluency^ And Westminster Abbey is a sub ject de^r; riot only to. all Englishmen, .but to all the y^riid, 'for. it is itself ei world through which we are "never weaiy of traVfellipg. 1 take it, therefore, that Mr. Clark will have a large audience ibo t^vehimhiB&utlerwelbonbi;'e., A friend finding who read&Sbakspeare; with reverence^ and not; a»dj pf o?*w|il|i ^fehh8 aa trtsh^ fetwl Shfic -spearian jh-amaieauld «v«nTfcodGrtit^*6ll xe&ect; thb-dr^to/aa as reflected to ns byocnar to mkLfaa k^«» liream, lliuktraie .it is four yeara'old.ipto^ l1&vew;> iwmfeas I "*iev# < 'hea^0pf',"';MiE.L "Alfred ^hopp i p jpbaM^, ( that I it Ima JfiJin wfaai&ed; &vpjRrpk;^-r-fpri pijpca^pfr hm> <*» ' imp cprreiit. i^n;prfusfei,«ll th'eWbiWftffTiM iwi^wlxi rjnferits^ Mr.; Fj^dejipka iaJaothah arti«tknd afxwtr r every lancL^^iey are full of fancy and meaning, and they help to make the meaning of the text the clearer; I could wish thafi Mr. Fredericks would goon and illustrate all Shakepeore as graphically as be has illus trated " A Midsummer Night's Dream." TAHITE. 