SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. FIRST DAY: TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8. The annual meetings of the South Australian Baptist Association were commenced at the Flinders-street Baptist Lecture-Hall on Tues- day, October 8. In the morning a minister's prayer meeting was held at which the Rev.L. G. Carter presided. In addition to the usual devotional services, those present addressed a telegram to Mrs. W. K. Thomas expressing their united and sincere sympathy with her in her great loss. A luncheon and conference were afterwards held, the Rev. L. G. Carter presiding at the latter. In the evening a public meeting was held in the Lecture-Hall at which there were about 250 persons present. The retiring Chairman of the Association (Rev. L. G. Carter) vacated the chair in favor of the Rev. W. Clare, who had been ap- pointed to fill the position for the current year. The Rev. L. G. Carter (Secretary) read the annual report of the Committee as follows:— "The fifteenth annual report, if not so favor- able as we could wish, still affords ample ground for thankfulness to God for the blessing He has granted. We regret that we have to speak of losses by death and by removal. Foremost amongst these we must place the lamented death of our late esteemed friend W. Kyffin Thomas, Esq., who for many years evinced the warmest interest in the Baptist denomination and in this Association. The Committee desire to record their high appreciation of the services he ren- dered, and their deep sense of the loss which they and the Baptist Churches generally have sustained by his removal from this life. They would also tender their very respectful sym- pathy in their affliction to the widow and family of their late esteemed colleague. Death has also taken one of the per- sonal members during the year. T. Neill, Esq., at a ripe old age, has passed to his reward. Though not an active member of the Association, yet he had a large place in the esteem of all who knew him. We have further to note the loss which the Association has sus- tained by the resignation of the late Secretary, the Rev. H. J. Lambert, a loss which is specially and most deeply deplored by him upon whom the cares of office now sit most uncomfortably. Then the ranks of our ministers have been thinned by the removal from the colony of the Rev. E. F. Kingdon, who has accepted the pas- torate of a church in Geelong. The church at Magill over which Mr. Kingdon used to preside has not yet found any one to succeed him; while that at Grassy Flat, which also was a part of Mr. Kingdom's ministerial charge, has secured the services of the Rev. W. Dinnis, of Mount Barker. Hindmarsh Church during the year welcomed and lost its first pastor, the Rev. J. H. Shallberg, and the Committee did not see its way clear to re-engage Mr. Shallberg as an Evangelist. We regret that we cannot balance our losses by corresponding gains, though we hope that the Rev. W. Jones, late of St. Kilda, and the Rev. E. Vaughan, late of Battersea, London, who are now in this colony, may be able to effect a settlement amongst us. Various changes on the part of our Ministers and Evan- gelists have to be noted. The Rev. W. Morgan has resigned his charge at Lyndoch Valley and accepted the invitation of the church at Hind- marsh ,where we trust his labors will be crowned with abundant success. The Rev. J. Price, owing to the depressed state of affairs in the mining districts, and partly because of domestic afflic- tion, felt it necessary to resign his charge at Moonta, and is now laboring at the Semaphore, where a church has been formed and established. As stated at the half-yearly meeting, Port Augusta has commended itself as a field of use- fulness, and Mr. Badger was requested to pro- ceed there in the early part of the year, since which time he has been laboring there with his wonted zeal and earnestness, but finds that he has a very difficult field to work. We would most earnestly commend him and his work to the prayerful interest of the churches. The Rev. F. Page was invited to succeed Mr. Badger at Laura, and having resigned his charge at Morphett Vale, he accepted the invitation, and is now earnestly and effectively carrying on his work in his new charge. The Committee were exceedingly glad to have one so well qualified as Mr. Page, who could enter into the labors of Mr. Badger. The Rev. J. Renney being desi- rous of a change from Saddleworth, resigned his charge there, and was requested by the Committee to act as Evangelist for a few months, and to take temporary charge of the newly-formed church at Terowie, where he is at present labor- ing. Mr. Fairey takes charge of the Lyndoch Valley Church in connection with his church at Gawler. As the result of these changes the following Churches are now without pastors, viz, Moonta, Magill, Morphett Vale, Saddle- worth. One Church has withdrawn from the Association during the year, viz., that of Glen- ford, but has assigned no reason for the course it has adopted. The Church at the Semaphore seeks admission to the Association. It and that at Port Augusta make an increase of two Churches to the denomination, though as yet the gain to the Association is one Church only. During the year we have been favored with the visits from Mr. Thomas Spurgeon, son of the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, of London. Mr. Spurgeon preached with great acceptance in many of our churches in the city and neighborhood, and re- sponded to as many of the invitations from other places as time and strength would permit. Mr. Spurgeon also visited the Northern Areas, Port Pirie, and Port Augusta. Thus some of our newly- established Churches in the north had the benefit of his services. Your Committee would here record their hearty thanks to Mr. Spurgeon. Some of us also have had the pleasure of welcoming Mr. Henry Varley, of London,to the colony, and though his work was not denomina- tional, yet it is right to state that by means of his labors God has been pleased to refresh and revive many of the members of our churches, and also to add to their number of such as are being saved. "The half-yearly meetings were held at Alberton on Monday, April 15. The business meeting was not so largely attended as we de- sired, but the distance from the place of meet- ing at which many of the delegates reside necessarily prevented the attendance of a num- ber who no doubt wished to be present with us. The public meeting was well attended, and it was felt that the spiritual interests is the place where the meetings may be held are strengthened though the benefits to the Association may not be great. " The Baptist Preachers' Association is unfor- tunately to be numbered with the losses which this Association has sustained during the year. It is a matter of regret that a misconception of the measures adopted by the Committee should have led the brethren,who had given themselves so earnestly to the work of preaching, to dis- band themselves. We believe, however, that the Churches hitherto dependent upon the ser- vices of these brethren have not suffered more than a mere temporary inconvenience. We hope also that at no very distant period the Preachers' Association will revive and flourish once again. "The Denominational library has received a large and valuable addition through the thought- ful kindness of the late W. Kyffin Thomas, Esq., who bequeathed 127 volumes of Clarke's Foreign and Theological Series. This very valuable addition will largely increase the fatness of the library, the books being some of those most recently published upon various sub- jects of theology, and are also standard. "In conclusion, we would urge the members of the Association to reconsider the object which we seek to accomplish. We sometimes hear whispered questions—which we are assured are put by the members of some churches—to the following effect, "What good do we get from the Association?' With all respect we would point out that this and similar questions reveal the fact that those who put them have a very wrong view of their relation to the Association. The question that should be asked is this— What good can we do in and through the Asso- ciation? For if all the churches that are banded together are simply seeking to get as much as possible out of the Association, then it will speedily die. Our work should mainly be that of helping to found new churches where they are needed, and of helping existing churches which are likely— within a reasonable period—to become self- sustaining and eventually helpful to others. In a new country where all the funds we are likely to command will be needed for agressive work, we cannot be expected to devote much to churches that are not likely to be self-sup- porting for many years. Financially the talent of the Association is very small, and must not, therefore, be buried but used, so as to produce the greater good to the denomination; for though we readily admit that our work as an association is largely evangelistic, yet we must not forget that fidelity to those truths which are committed to our charge demands that we should do our utmost to consolidate the results of our evangelistic efforts in the form of churches which shall carry on the work when the present laborers have passed to their rest." Mr. James Smith (Treasurer) read the finan- cial statement, showing that the receipts had been £686 3s. 1d., and the payments £779 8s. This left a deficit of £93 4s. 11d, which added to a debit balance of £50 3s. 1d. from last year's account, made the total deficiency £143 8s. The Rev. W. Clare delivered the Chairman's address. He referred in deprecatory terms to the progress of scepticism and the inclination of the present age to cry down religion and spiritual matters without fully fathoming their meaning and groundwork. They imagined that they were fully acquainted with all the matters connected with the Christian faith, but the narrow theology of which they complained so bitterly really did not exist as represented. The scientific world would reduce all religious and spiritual matters to a thoroughly and solely scientific level, and looked at them in a distrustful light, because the facts were spiritual, and, therefore, unde- monstrable. If the Bible were taken for a foundation these enquiries would lead to high and pure religious conviction. As at present conducted, however, they only tended to en- tangle the searcher after truth more and more in the depths of doubt and scepticism. This was the cause of the struggle between the faithful followers of the Christian religion and the criticism of sceptics and scientists, who, in the absence of a good and sound foundation, could not dispute the proofs brought forwari in sup portof the Christian doctrine. This antagonism xnnst be met unflinchingly, and with firm ex amples, which would place beyond the reach of ttiiw ptifl^iw^ipTiTf^l age the doctrine which they -were endeavoring to envelop with doubt, and dim its lustre and power. It was their duty to place the matter upon a more exalted ground of argument^ and if potable to correct the basis upon which sceptics had formed their judgments and uttered their bitter criticisms. There was at the pre sent tSme?<3eadlock hetweea those persons who based tileir scepticism on historical and scien tific facts, who would not yield or acknowledge the force of any arguments, and the believers in the Christian religion who were not disposed to allow their confidence to be shaken. The fnrnffr wore- taking a wrong ground, and using arguments which exercised a blinding effect, 'while the others were not standing in their own light, and were thus firm in their belief. Science \- demanded facte, and they should give tacts. 33uy wanted experimental, and shonld have them. He complained of the narrow construction which was placed npon the : trarftinp) of the Bible, which fully and clearly \- proved sceptics' ignorance of its depths and fcesnty of meaning. He did sot disparage ex ternal evidence, which was very valuable, but their faith did not rest on that alone, but was bent on Christ. If scientists and sceptics took away anspiritnal and therefore undemotutrable and historical ground of belief, there stui re mained facta natural aad innumerable. It was not scepticism with which they had mainly to fiattle, it was the wosidliness and immorality of the lament age which were their perpetual foes. Honest doubt was not antagonistic to them, for its v«y honesty preserved hs neutrality. Friend anip to this wodd, the lore of money and fleshly • lusts were to be overcome, and when this had lieen done, and-.arsis were trkm up against scepticism, they would find their enemy had vanished from the field. (Applause). The Eev. L. G. Caeteb said the Chairman bad £m!y indw*s.l4'?l *^M> courae thry should adopt, aad thai the way to overthrow scepticism nu to give the world facte and their own ex perience. The meeting expressed its appreciation of the addresses and passed a vote of thanks to the Sbcovd Datj WkdsesdaTjOctobkb 9. The annual meetings at the South Australian Baptist Association were continued at the SlindersHrteeet Baptist lecture Hall on Wed nesday, October t>. In toe morning a prayer meeting, at ?t?"4> +3w Bjbv. S* W'?wsnl iw?ws<m<^ waa held. The business meeting followed! Sbere was ?large attendance of representatives and delegates, aad the Her. W. dare (Chair n?n) presided. The Bev. W. Dntms moved that the Ofaur mazfr address, dettrecad art the previous even ing, be -printed in Tntk mi Progress. The ajlrinws deserved a gnat deal of credit as being * tiling that waa much wanted and likely to |KBve very useful. Us effect would be especially good if placed in the hands of persons who were •tat rife. The Eev. J. B. Snbtd seooaded. He was very nmch afa-nck with theargiim?nts ennn <jsjed in nfmnee to the verifying tenths of the lord Jeans Ghost. Mr. W. B. Stephens, the Sen. H. Mergsn and J. Price.ead Mr. 3. Shaw supported, expressing their appreciation of the addrww. The motion was carried. The roll of delegates and representatives was nad as foDova ;—Bepresentative "Kwnhoi** and gXToffiqff.ineoiliers benis; ministers of associated «hmehe&—North Adriaide. Bev. X,. G. Carter; Hmders-efceet, Ber. 6. Mead, M.A., LLB.; Aaberton,Bev-M.Uord; Kapnnria. Ber. WO. Aahto*; £**let,Bev. fi. Fairey; Norwood. Eev. BLJiJUmbect; Stockport, Ber. H.L. Tuck Mooat Barker, Ber. W. Dinnis; Mitcham, Eev. S.Gxvj; Georgetown, j?ev. 3. B. Sneyd; An -OMtOB,JSer, W. Glare; Jamestown, Eev. S. Howard; Diamond lake, Rev. 3. Nancirrow; Himdrtairfi, Eer. H. Morgan; Senmnhare. £er. J.Pnce. Delegates. —North Adelaide—Messrs. B. Soweri?g, 3. BakeweU, G. S. Beeby, U. N. Bagot, J. M. Day. W. Gilbert, W.Hammond, E. Way, W. C Hwtdrinson. E. V. Joyner, S. BandaU. W. Tabor, G. Shaw.E. B. Simpson, £. 8. Wlgg, aad T. Westell. Clarendon— Mr.E.Batfey: BentonValley,—. MagiU,—. OammMMk* Valley — Messrs. Murray aad 0\. J. D*tfy- Xyndoeh VaUef—Vt. Thomas Nicholas. jSouai Bhyne, —. Teatree Golly —Mr.W.WfaitetoEe. Flinders-street, Adelaide —Messrs. J.flmith,C,Bog?r6. 3, H*ywpod,B.. X.Thomas,*. Dating, J. EUia, 3. Mellor, W. B, Btepfceaa^J. Ferguses, fL Bowarj,O. Proud, 43\. Birks, fl. tanners, A- O. Chambers, S. Sauer bier, H. X. SmSli, P. Ation, W. T. Cooper, J. Sftxby, O. H- Chariton, T. Good, C. Gapp.B. l (o^ f w Boundey. Alberton —Messrs. Sfackay, Bisdef, a?^**^ Griffiths, Smith, «nd X. Bix. BaU Greek, South BbJne, Uley.—. Moonta,MoantG*mJ>ier,—. Morphett Yale .Means. J. T. E^atsand?. Humphries. Kapunda . —Messw. J. F. Mellor, 3. HL Gates, and W. SeiU. Gawier—Ber. S. Fairey, Messrs. ; J.Busbridge, W. Malftolm, and B. Mansom. Aldinga,—. Korwood—Messrs. W. Belcher, C. Bleechmore, G. S. Fowler, F. Wann, J. Holmes, W.afcClHre, J.Pcecton, W. Silver, 3. Town eeod,*nd B. Battery. Torzens Vale, Stockport, —.sCadee-Mr.O.Fa«ow. Saddle worth-Mr. T. yi/-fr«4tai Hilton Mr. J. Steer. Monat Barker —Messrs. W. Barker, B. Andrew., and D. Teakle. iCtchaflC—Messrs. G. Prince, C. Anderson, and KPlayfgcd. Georgetown—Mr. G.loglis. Angas ton—Mess?.S. EeaUey and EL Boberts. James town—Messrs, Or. H. Glover and Jas. Goodes. Minlacowie, — Diamond Lake—Mr. Geater. Hindmarsh—lltofprp p \f. Shearing. Goodwood Pszfc—Mr. Jno. O'Conneli. Grassy Slat and Sfocton's Summit —Bev. W. Dinnis aad Mr, E. Mazebant. Laura—Mr. J. Kentish. IJerowie.—. Semaphore—Messrs. L. U Furner sndC.D. Aston. Personal members—Messrs. J. 3feai,H. Haasey, aad D.Swift. TheSemapaoie aad Minlaton Churches were admitted to the Association, and Mr. D. Swift snts admitted to personal membership. The fisv. H. J. liAVMW moved—"That we do now proceed to elect a Chairman aad Vice iTfc«frm«i {or ttfi "«n'"g year." He thought it would be wise to institute as arrangement of this kind, as it was very often, inconvenient when a newly-eleeted Chairman was suddenly called upon to ycepa? hie addceu, By the arrangement he proposed this would be avoided, and tiie Chairman would hare ample time to consider his address and other affairs in con nection with his position. The Rev. S. Paibby seconded, adding—"The Vice-Chairman to be appointed Chairman for the following year." He remarked that by this it would only be necessary to appoint a Vice-chairman now and from year to year. The motion and addition were carried. The appointment of the Bev. W, Clare as Chairman for the current year was confirmed, and on the motion of the Eev. H. J. Lambert, seconded by the Bar. H. Morgan, the Eev. S. Mead was elected to fill the position of Vice- Chairman* The election of Committees and Officers took plareas follows:—Association Committee —Eers. S.Mead,Tj. G.Cartex, J. Price, W. O. Ashton, H. J. laxnbert, S. Fairey, M. Uoyd, H. Morgan, W. Clare, J. Gray, and W. Dinnis; Messrs. Jas. Smith, G. S. Fowler, G. Shaw, W. Barker, J. M. Day, <7\. D. Aston, B. Hay, W. Silver, A. O. Chambers, S. Sauerbier, W. Neill, C. Farrow, W. atiofTTVie t B. Mellor, J. Preston, L. L. Fnmer, W. B Stephens, C. Anderson, J. Blsely, and A. S. Keul. Treasurer. Mr. A. S. Neill. Secretaries— Corresponding, Her. S. Mead, and Minute, Ber. J. Gray. Auditor, Mr. L. L. Fnmer. Committee of Advice—Bevs. L. G. Carter, S. Mead, and H. J. Lambert; Messrs. W. Barker, G. 8. Fowler, J. Smith, and J. M. Day. Mr. Jas. Smith reported as to the " White" and Building Funds. In the case of the former the statement showed that the balance in hand to September 1. 1877, was £70135.4d. The amount received during the year en the pro perty and interest amounted to £52 7s. 3d., making a total credit of £123 Os. 7d. The Building Fund balance-sheet showed as follows:—Balance in hand September 1, 1877, £19 95.; contributions from Mitcham Church, £7 14a. 9d.; and interest accrued to August 31, 1878, £1 7s. 6d. = £28 lls. 3d. Mr. E. S. 'WiGO read the balance- sheet in con nection with the Aged Ministers' Relief Fund, which showed that the balance in hand last year was £1,238 Os. 9d. The income during the year bad been £8818s. 7d.; the expenditure had been £14 2s. 3d., leaving a balance to the good of £74 Ids. 2d. The present credit balance amounted to £1,312 17a. Id, According to the suggestion of the trustees £100 was voted from the credit balance to the capita! fond. The Bev. Wsi. Ceabk (tiie editor) read the re port in connection witn the magazine Truth wtd Progress. He said that during the past year the paper had been pnrsuuig its own way $ its pages had not been enlivened by any violent dis cussians, nor illumed by any articles of superior brilliancy. He had, however, attempted to maintain a fair literary tone, making the paper also a faithful witness of evangelical Christi anity, and of tie distinctive principles of toe Baptist denomination. Owing to the fact that there were very few contributors of original articles a large amount of selected matter had been inserted. The original matter was gene rally very sound, and quite worthy of the atten tion of the readers. It waa to be regretted that there was a falling off to the extent of 50 in the number of subscribers. This was canaed princi pally by tileir removal from settled districts to the regions more distant. The report was adopted. The statement of finance was also read. The £20 given last year from the M«g.™w. Fund to the Association bad been returned, as it was thought advisable that all the profits should be devoted to magarine purpose*. The balance sheet; showed that the credit from last year amounted to £78 19s. 54, and that this had been increased daring the year £33 13s. sd.— making a total of £106 19s. sd. to the good. The report wa*adopted.and the Bero. S. Mead and J. Price were appointed editors, and Mr. Waddy Financial Secretary to the magazine. Mr. 3. Ellis was appointed Denominational librarian. Mr. A. S. Nmrx read a paper ?a "The Chris tian Ministry from an outsider'* point of view." He said, firstly, in the Christian ministry men were needed for prayer. This most bo the per manent way over which all true ministrations must pass. Secondly, ministers required to study the history of the day to gauge the hamtn thought, so that whilst remembering the tactics of the enemy as shown in the past, they might be quick to detect where they were repeated and new one* introduced. They should be able to deal with science ia it* bearings on theology. He referred tu the preaching and the variety of subject*. It would be well if ministers did not forget to visit the members of their church, as it would give them a greater knowledge of the trials and difficulties experienced by toeir people. His sympathy would be all the more effective under these circumstance*. He alao referred to family rule as leading to the proper performance of the principles of the Bible. Congregationalism was good, but it need not be of the ultra- republican type. He also dealt with experience, raitiencft. and organisation in teaching. The duty of ministers should be to influence social and public life in the direction of order, and of obedience to divine and human precepts. Mr. W. TUggn? proposed, and the Eev. W. Darns seconded, that Mr. N«fli be thanked for E?i* papery a&d; the paper be printed. A discussion ensued on the subject dealt with, ia which the Bev. L. G. Carter, and Messrs. 3. Darling, MLF, Silver, and Chambers took part. The Eev. J. H. Laxbebt preiented a report of a general and formal character a* to the pro ceedings of the Union College. The Revs. L. G. Carter, S. Mead, and H. 3. Lambert, and Messrs. G. S. Fpwter, J. ML Day, and A. 8. Keill were appointed to represent the Associa tion in the Union College Council. The Ber. W. Clare and Messrs. 3. Darling and 8.. Hay were riertad to form a deputation to other religious bodies. The Ber. B. Howabd invited tke Association to bold its nest half-yearly meeting* at James town. On the proposition of the Ber. S. Mead, seconded by the Eev. H. J. Lihbbbx, the invi tation was accepted. ing were held, at which there were large attendances. The Eev. S. Mead presided. The subject of disenssion was brptifm. and the speakers were the Chairman, the Hers. T. G. Gore, M,*,, H. Hussey, and D. Badger. A business meeting and communion service will be held to-day. 