VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, August 23. There is a gleam of sunshine in the Con stitutional camp. In tbe elections for the Legislative Council a great victory has been gained in the Central Province, which has been rightly called 'the representative constitution — the first in population, in wealth, in culture, and in influence.' Tbe district includes Melbourne and the suburbs, and numbers 10,000 votes— a third of the whole of the voting power for the Council. In spite of the vigorous efforts of the Reform League, backed up by the slang whang ing of the Ministerial organ, Dr. Hearn beat the 'liberal' candidate by over 2,000 votes. The learned doctor, who is no mere visionary student, but a practical thinker and worker, will be a tower of strength to his party, and just the sort of help the Council itself requires at the present juncture. His works on Con stitutional history and political economy have a European reputation, and he will be able to ? oine to tbe rescue of Sir Charles Sladen and his fellow members, who are floundering somewhat over their virtuous efforts at self-reform. The Age as a matter of course belittles the victory, and says ' it's of no consequence.' The ?'political novice'* will find his 'appropriate environment' and the Council will gain ** un limited precedents from feudal times.' Some what inconsistently it is added that 'the return of Dr. Hesrn proves conclusively that ; the Council, by the help of their electors, are strengthening themselves in order to resist to the utmost every rational proposal for reform.' The other side regard it as a ' strengthening' form of the right sort, and a few sanguine souls see in the event the dawn of that better day which is to bring the muchprayed for turn in the affairs of the colony. The issue — Government by two Chambers, versus one (plus tbe patent plebiscitum) — was plainly put before the electors, and their decision is of importance on that point. But it has to be remembered that if the election had been for the Assembly covering the same area Dr. Hearn would not have had the ghost of a chance, and the country as a whole is ruled by the universal suffrage vote. I fear that as yet ? there is no change in the opinions of the people at large. Ithas also to be noted that there is still the utmost apathy as to the Council elections. It required no end of beating up to secure less than half the number of votes that might have been polled. In two other provinces where elections have just taken place the candidates were not even troubled to go to the poll, though the tenure of office is ten years. In one case Mr. Jenner, the old member, was returned, and in the other Mr. ~\Y. J. Clarke, our most popular wealthy squatter, who is a decided acquisition to the Rouse. Xtr. Hearn's speech before the election has attracted an unusual amount of notice. He showed that all history has proved the necessity of having a second Chamber as a check uponth other. The reason was the same as that which induced any private individual in making a will or a settlement to appoint two trustees instead of one. It was for the. same reason that the Romans had two Consuls, because they did not think it right that a single man should be sub jected, even for a single year, to the corrupting influence of undivided power. It was absolutely dangerous to liberty that the whole power of the State should be placed in the hands of any one maa or any one set of men. Coming from a man of his experience, his eloquent descrip tion of what our present political position really means is worthy of being read by all who feel the slightest interest in Victoria. He did not mean to say those gentlemen intended anything bad, bat the policy they advocated meant absolute ruin to the country. Therefore, if the electors of the Council allowed it to be destroyed, if they were driven from this — their last line of defence — then he said ' Farewell, a long farewell, to all our greatrjess f farewell for us the grand old British principles ; farewell for ns the law which had to the humblest been a strong tower and the securest shield ; farewell for us the honaur of the Queen, which used to seem as if it was like the foundations of tbe earth, and con Id never be removal, until the beginning of the present year ; farewell for us the fear less administration of justice to which we bad always been accustomed, the unrestricted freedom of industry, the abiding sense that whether begirt by friends or foes, ' a man m%y speak the thing he will.* What were we offered in return for the sacrifice of these old but still priceless rights? 'VTe were offered a commerce absolutely prohibited — for it is not now protec tion that is asked, but absolute prohibition ; we were offered taxes laid upon a single class, the expenditure of our revenue upon national Banks and national workshops, the utter destruction of one branch of our Legislature, tbe bringing under the 'heel of authority' of the Audit Commissioners and tbe Supreme Court itself, a despotic Assembly, a Bed Cabinet, and a dummy Crown.' In both of the great Customs cases the Go vernment suffered an ignominious defeat. The Jury would have none of the Commissioner's definition of the vexed term 'hosiery,' and decided that it is not confined to the dictionvy definition of garments pertaining to the lower limbs. Common sense and custom were allowed to rule the day, and the Government will have to refund to all the importers the difference between the amount per cent charged, and the 10 per cent legally leviable. Over the SteveDson business tbe Jury were discharged not being able to agree, and it is known that ten to two were against the Government The defendants adopted the course of declining to itttmpt to prove anything. No books were uroduced and no witnesses called, reliance being placed solely on the counsel's appeal that this case was cnly one more chapter in the series of persecutions of the big soft Eoousman. The Crown prosecutor and his learned friends made the best attempt to Rain a victory, and His Honor -Tudge Molesworth snmmod up dead against Mr. Stevenson and the other plaintiffs, laying great stress on the fact tbat the simple production of the necessary books would have cleared the whole matter up at once. That Mr. Stevenson neglected to take that course proved, in his opinion, that he was afraid to do so on account of his guilt. The Crown la boured under the disadvantage of being able to prove no more than the inferential guiltiness. The facts themselves were most simple, but tbe missing link was and is still shroriSed in mystery. The case all turned on one point. A landing waiter bad ordered the detention of six cases of the Stevensons' which came bv one vessel, the Centurion, to be de tained on the supicion of smuggling, and the firm somehow got six eases more than was down on the entry of goods by a second vessel, the Bomanoff ; and though they h*d paid £40 doty on the missing caws they never aaked for its return and would never produce the books or papers that would have at one* dis proved the receipt of the six cases. There was necessarily a strong 'political colouring in the contest, and the boroy- hacded Liberal does not hesitate to say now that the Jury were ' gpt at%' and that if it had been a poor man he would hare got two or three years on the roads insteid of an acquittal. Nowadays every event is made nse of to embitter the miserable class hatreds which have unfortunately taken such deep root in onr commnnity. The reform debate in the Assembly has assumed such huge proportions that Mr. Berry bad insisted on getting tbe House to meet at 2 o'clock on two sitting days instead of at 4 o'clock. Another batch of speeches, some two hours in leDgth, were ground out during the past week. Two or three kept up the credit of the debate, but the subject ha* become so stale dow that the orations are delivered to a thin House and the public have ceased to take any interest in the individual opinions expressed. Tbe extracts alone that have been dragged in would if published make a considerable volume. The Law Courts building contract afforded the sensation of the week. It came upon hon. mem bers like a clap of thunder to learn that an edifice which they had agreed should cost £120,000 bad been allowed to grow to tbe awful sum of £360,000 or more. The Daily Telegraph launched out into wild charges of Boss-Tweedism against the pre«eut Government, but the next day it was rumoured that there was to be a revelation by the Minister of Public Works. The latter gave the information that a contract for £240,GUO extra had been accepted by the McCulloch Government, and that without Parliament having any voice in the matter. At the same time be failed to give an explanation of the fact that up to this time Mr. Berry and his colleagues have allowed the alleged job to go without exposing it. It cow appears that the McCulloch Government did accept the tender for £240,000, but expressly on the understanding that it was subject to the approval of Parliament. Owing, however, to the advent of the new Government the matter was allowed to slip by without farther notice. The one man who could explain, Mr. WardeU, the late Inspector-General of Public Works, was one of the Black Wednesday victims, and is no longer in the colony. He has, however, tele graphed tbat there is a very simple explanation. A. Select Committee has been appointed to make the fullest enquiry. Mr. Berry has reason to wish that his col league the Minister of Railways had put a bridle on his inventive faculty. The unfor tunate break threatens to upset the Ministry. It has broken out afresh. An innocent-looking Company has been announced, and an application was made to tbe Chief Secretary for the sup port of the Government Mr. Berry had the courage to decline to take any steps till the in vention shall have been proved beyond all dis pute to be equal to what its inventor boasts for it. He also hinted that as the State has been put to the expense of £1,800 in experimenting with the apparatus it should be recognised as a partner in the concern. The Argus has since exposed the fact that tbe 'Company' really means Mr. 'Woods himself, he holding half the shares, the remainder being held by persons who would have some interest in him as the Minister of Railways. It is stated that Mr. Berry intends to insist tbat his colleague shall let go of either his portfolio or his pet break. The boys at tbe Jika Reformatory have again proved refractory. The Chief Secretary, in answer to a question in tbe House, stated that it is still the intention to carry out the admirable suggestions of the Board which reported on the last outbreak. Mr. Duncan, our Inspector-General of Penal Establishments, has hacded in his reports on prisons and reformatory schools, the result of information gathered in America, Great Britain, and on the Continent during his recent visit Con sidering the opportunities he had, Mr Duncan's productions are somewhat dis pppointinjr, especially that relating to prisons. In regard to the Industrial School children, he agrees in the main with the ( ouclusions arrived at by the late Board, viz., that there should be two reformatory institu tions—one for the better and the other for the worst boys and girls, and that boarding-out should be encouraged. His great point is that religious training in the only hope, and that the true cure would be for an improvement in that direction out of doors. He says: — a I am afraid that too much importance is given to the mere machinery for industrial and refor matory training. It is not the convenient bnild JDg or the outward appliances only that will en nore successful results, as it is out of very humble homes, no way to be commended for tbeir material surroundings, that some of the best men an-i women have emerged, while mental culture, comfort care, and tbe other advantages which wealth can obtain have failed to make good members of a community. Classifica tion is well, convenience should be pro -ided, bnt tbe great reformatory agency after ill is a superintendence within the institution ;iervaded by a moral and religious spirit which ?'ollows up instruction with the influence of a Christian example. The disorderly element in my community is, as a rule, the outcome of the vant of early guidance, the result either of ignorance, misfortune, or neglect. If the homes of a country are rightly governed the effects of chat government will be seen in the lives of 'be people. It is because parents do not recognise itheii responsibility in this matter that what is here called the larrikinism of the land is so rampant. Until the home life of the ?olocy is more generally under the leading of parants or guardians who will end-*vour to teach the young ones under their care the value of self-control and a reverential spirit in the interest of the children primarily, but resul tantly for the benefit of the community, little tbat is good can be expected.' 