ffoieUgi. THE LAbT OP THE VALOIS. Oh the banks of the Loire. The bright k river gleaming in the sunshine, and rolling through, the arches of the ancient bridge — over which, frowns the great castle of Amboiee — not yet deformed by tbe builders of Louis the Great, but rejoicing ia a. wealth of architectural beauty; the stern Norman features of the stronghold throwing into relief the florid richness of the Renaissance. As the eun descend?, e'^eping the' lofty castellated rock in crimson and purple — at tbe close of this glorious July day of tbe year of grace 1539— the little brie ht-eved, black-haired girl, gorgeously dight in a dress stiff with gold and pearls, knows little of the terrible event which has left her to be the plaything and tbe tool, by turns the prey and the lure, of Catholic and Huguenot, of mother, and brother, and husband. Her father, the great King Henry the Second— name forgotten ranee, woe it not for a certain beautiful kind of pottery— has fallen a victim to the luckless lance of Montgommery ; and France is left in the weak grasp of a gentle, smooth-faced lad known to historians as Francis the Second, and celebrated, poor boy I for nothing, save as having been the first husband of Mary Stuart. The little girl at Amboise has been a pet of her handsome, sad- looking father, and of her long-headed mother, Catherine de Medici. In the old happy days of triumph, while the victories of Metz and Calais, and successes in Italy, made the French king deem himself a thunderbolt of- war, Henry ofttimes dandled his daughter on his knee, and asked her why she preferred of her little playmates the youthful Guise to the bonnier Beaupreau— a question fully answered in later and sadder days. Unluckay for the little girl, she is pretty, and, luckily or unluckily, is clever. Fated to be the last of the intellectual race of Valois, she is Becond to none of them in the accomplishments of the tame. Skilful instruc tors are opening her mind to the literary masterpieces of antiquity. Unhappily, her echool, if brilliant, is far from pure. The taste of the court of Catherine de Medioi is named on the model of M. de Hansard, whose ditties axe over-much given to the passion of love. A change comes over France as the little girl grows upward. The writings of the tolkckmg.&uthor; of Pantagruel, and tie bitter eatam of the friends of Ronsard, have raised a, storm soon to break in a crimson shower. * ersecuting Francois, gloomy Henry, and poor little Francois the Second are gone, and under tte rule of the livid, hectic youth, Charles the Hinta, with his smooth face and snaky look, the « taint of Huguenotxy' has spread far and wide. Little Marguetette, who has been brought up -bonne Cathofique,' undergoes all kinds of persecutions at the hands of her brother, the Doc d'Aleneon, who, ' infected' with Protestantism, burns her old-fashioned bookB, and leads his poor little sister a dread ful life. The court of France is really paying a double game, the queen-mother being the reigning spirit On the one hand is orthodoxy— and the whole power of the House of Lorraine— hateful to the Valois. AcainBt orthodoxy and the Guises skilful Catherine covertly encourages the chiefs of the Hugue nots, aiming to secure by this Machiavelian policy the predominance of the Crown— not to be accomplished till three-quarters of a csntury later by the genius of Richelieu. Little Marguerite grows apace in these troublous times, increasing in beauty and the consciousness thereof. Long before there is any question of marrying her, there are rumours that she has faithful servitors — lordlings who wear her colours, and enjoy the reputation of possessing her affections. First among these shines, in all the bravery of court favour, the handsome Balzac d'Entraiguea — the'beJ Antr&goet;'— darbty minion of Marguerite's brother, the Due d'Anjou — a slender, graceful man, with delicate, well-cut features of quiet concen trated expression ; one of those self-contained men, full of courage, vice, and intrigue, who have left their names in letters of blood on the page of the Renaissance ; a dandy, too, of the first water, shaved and curled, perfumed and essenced, till he sheds an aroma of gallantry around him — a dangerous admirer ior a young princess of volcanic tendencies. But his web is soon spun, as he, with Quelns and others of the same type, follows his master to the kingdom of Poland. The reception of the Polish ambassadors is made the occasion of a brilliant fete, at which, of course, Marguerite is present in » wondrous dress of velvet incarnadine glittering with spangles, blazing with precious stones: her head — already decked, alas! for vanity — in one of the 'dainty blonde wigs' that she loved to her dying day. The raven locks are hidden, and the hazel eyes shine out under a remarkable head-dress, also of crimson velvet, decked with feathers, diamonds, and pearls. A very beauteous Marguerite indeed, and soon furnished with a new lover — no other than her early playmate, the Due de Guise — the dark-visaged, scarred oce; the famous soldier who, when threatened, said proudly, 'They dare not 5' A well-matched couple Has, 'le Babfr6' being anxious to wed a. daughter of Fiance. Guise, backed by the whole power of the papacy, is strong enough to break off the projected marriage between Marguerite and the King of Portugal, bat is forced to bend to the policy of the qaeen mother. Catherine will not see the hated house of Lorraine, already, to hex mind, far too strong, strengthened yet more by another alliance with a daughter of France. It may not be ; and the handsome lovers are advised that their destiny is different. The scarred one, terrified by tbe menaces of the king, marries at once a handsome widow— the Princess de Porcian — who gives him no little trouble as time rolls on. Hapless Marguerite, like another, but by no means spotless, Iphigenia, u destined for another fate foreshadowed at a famous meeting on the confines of France and Spain. Never was a fete more brilliant than this held to celebrate the interview between Queen Elizabeth, consort of Philip the Second, her mother, Catherine, and her brother, Charles tbe Ninth. The Island of Aiguemeau on the Adour has been metamorphosed into a fairy palace, surrounded by lofty trees, under which lurk snug parties of ten or a dozen, the royal table at one end of this sylvan palace being elevated on a dais of four atepe uf emerald turf. Around these tables hover attendant shepherdesses, dressed in satin and cloth of gold, in the costume of all the rarioas provinces of France. As, the state barges, draped in costly stuns, emblazoned with the royal device, approached the island to the bokmA of sweet instruments, and the song of mermen and mermaids, the island ?shepherdesses dance after the manner of their respective provinces — the Poitevines, to the Stirling of a bagpipe ; tire Provenfales, to the clash of cymbals j the Burgundians, to the piping of the oboe; the Champenoises, to the fife and tabor ; the Bretonnes il»i*w*'g the most vigorously of »ll- Dancing over, there enters a band of musical satyrs and lovely nymphs, but ' envious fortune being unable to endure so much glory,' fc heavy storm, accompanied by a deluge of sain, descends upon the fairy isle, scattering the gay company, and driving them to their boats for shelter pell-mell — a retreat giving rise to many comical adventures, and more queer stories of the general confusion of partners. One couple, however, is well matched, but they hardly Uugh, these two, nor is their apparel so bravely decked with bright colours and sparkling gems as that of the giggling dames and forward gallants who hurry to the water-side. Neither of these serious persons ie of French birth. The woman, large-eyed and large-nosed, is a genuine Medici; the man is lean, haggard and ascetic-looking, wearing a face as the face of Don Quixote. These two have come to an understanding ? the woman having at last yielded to her com panion's energetic remonstrances. Catherine de Medici and the Duke of Alva have decided on the destruction of the Huguenots; not yet for a little while — till the suspicions of watchful Jeanne d'Albret are quieted for ever, and * my plump Madge' shall catch them all — her charms proving very lime-twigs to the accursed heretics, and her gentle voice as the whistle of the fowler. ' Plump Madge' declares herself not averse to the Portuguese marriage scheme, which Guise and Philip the Second contrive to strangle between them, but secretly plots to secure her alliance with tbe Lorraine prince, till the news of his wedding with the Princess Porcian awakes her from her dream of love and ambition. Her fate is already decided by die stern mother, who plays her -*niiwi like pawns on a chess-board — so long as they permit her. She had an easy reign over poor gentle Francois, but sullen, wayward Charles is more difficult to deal with. The grim plot, arranged to the sound of fife and tabor on the island in theAdour.isnotto be communicated to him on any account till it is ripe for execution. Meanwhile, tits queen-mother urges him to strengthen his own hands by marrying Madge to the young King of Navarre— the son of Jeanne d'Albret and Antoine de Bourbon — a prince with rf more nose than kingdom,' the famous ancestor of long lines of kings. His chance of Vb» French crown looks remote enough just now, for between him and it stand three brothers of the Valois— Charles, Henry, and Francois, Due d' Alenjon— -butstrong-minded Catherine has one weak point ; she is superstitions to a- fabulous degree, and is sorely troubled by the horoscope of Kavarrese Henry, which de clares that he will 'reign in France.' Superstition and worldly wisdom are both served, by securing tbe fox-faced Huguenot as the husband of Madge. Charles is not sorry to acquire an ally of bis own. Between his mother and the Chaises — hiB too-powerful relatives — and bis rebellious Calvinistic subject, she is often lashed into fits of ungovernable fnry, and bitterly bewafls that no human being loves or cares for him, save only gentle Marie Touchet. As is his wont, this wild hunter of beast* and men, once seized with a project, pursues it to the end with savage vehemence. Bat there are obstacles to be overcome — obstacles even to the furious will of the Most Christian King. The Pope, still occupy ing the centre of the European Tapestry, is horror-struck at the proposal to wed a Catholic princess to a heretic leader, and the consent of the Pope must be gained, for Henry and Marguerite are,' in a fashion, cousins, and undoubtedly within the limits forbidden by the Church. The Pope refuses a dispensation, and, moreover, sends his cardinal nephew to dissuade the king from his monstrous project. Bat another coun sellor has the ear of Charles— one singularly out of place in the giddy court of Catherine — a grave, sad-visaged gentleman, the famous ' Admiral' Colligny, who is quite won over by the arts of the Italian, and is anxious to pacify France by marrying the 'fox of Be'arn' to 'plump Madge' as quickly as possible. A valiant and skilful soldier this admiral, but over simple-hearted and truthful to contend in political intrigue with the pro fessed students of the Florentine. Carried away by the real sincerity of the king, and the pretended heartiness of the Doc d'Anjou and the queen-mother, the brave old warrior persuades Jeanne d'Albret to join the court _i. mA;_ _«. intlii*...*' Dl« ? ii.~ .????»...».»? BU XMkWB ? SwJ'* WIHWHIK VIVU ? UUO T*T'''~r palace of Francois I., with its great exterior staircase and ancient hall of the estates. Blois is especially joyful just now, glancing coqnettishly down on the smiling Lone. Its quaint streets and lofty, narrow staircases are swept by the ' vertugadins' of merry dames and damsels — for it is the bumour of the strange Italian that all should be bright and mirthful around her, as if to intensify the the dnrfrnni'» within. While forming the centre of her bright bevy of dames and 4u£r circumambient gallants, Catherine loves 'a joke, and is no bad hand at quip and crank, merry conceit, and highly-seasoned repartee. But when the fete is over, she tnntB from the gorgeous figures which wave to and fro on the arms, and bending her steps towards a remote part of the ancient castle, after climb ing many stairs, reaches the lonely turret projecting over the church of St. Nicholas. It is the observatory employed, not with, any scientific purpose, but purely as aa instru ment for interrogating tbe obstinate stars which persist that Henry of Navarre will 'reign in France.' The Queen of Navarre, who, reluctantly enough, has come to this giddy court at the entreaty of the admiral, is grievously shocked at all that she sees and hears, for the language of the court dames sad gallants is happily new to the Puritan Jeanne. Billingsgate and St. Giles's are names that convey but a faint idea of the 'joyous remarks' and the 'pleasant sayings' current at Blois in this bright springtide of 1857\. Feted and caressed by the king and bis mother, waxy Jeanne yet feats to bring her eon to a place horrifying to every senti ment of decency. More difficulties arise. Catharine wishes the wedding to take place at Paris according to the Catholic rite. Jeanne objects to the mam, and insists on the ceremony being performed in some city lees inimi^i to the Huguenots. Pending this debate Pope PiuB V. dies, and is succeeded by Gregory XIII., who displays more flexibility than nig predecessor, but yet hesitates, till Charles loses all patience, and tells the Queen of Navarre one day, ' My aunt, I honour yon more than tbe Pope, and love my sister more than I fear him. I am not a Huguenot, bat I am not an ass. If the Pope plays the fool too long I will take Madge by the hand myself, and see her married in full conventicle.' Just as the marriage contract is Bigned the Queen of Navarre dies — some say of pleurisy, others of poison — bat nothing is now allowed to impede the ceremony. The scene changes to old Paris — not the Paris of St Louis, nor that in which luckless English Henry was crowned ' despite of foes,' but the Paris of the ruthless Renais sance. The castellated dwellings of the Middle Ages have developed into the hotels uf great eeigneorg — fortified more or less, and crammed with gentlemen armed to the teeth. A Eteange mixture of splendour and equalor this good city of Paris. Tall gabled houses nod towards each other over narrow streets ankle-deep in filth, with no approach of drainage save an open gutter. Gloomy passages and dreary alleys slink from the ii^ht of heaven. Thieves abound, though what they find to steal is a mystery, as after dark no honest citizen ventures abroad, lest he should be waylaid and plundered by the professional robber, or killed, out of pure joyousness of heart, by the gay gallants in search o* adventures. The gallant is as unlike the person depicted by writers of romances and operas as can we'J be imagined. He is splendid, but by no means clean, for the eilken hose which adorn his nether limbs have previously been worn for a week or two by his inamorata, that they may comfort him the more, and awake bis mind to deeds of chivalry. He by no means flings his cloak around hiartsad issues forth armed only with his trusty rapier. Not he. The gallant on the way to a rendezvous is in his fashion a prudent man. Beneath bis doublet of satin, slashed with the colours of tbe lady of his heart, lurks, for the better preservation of that organ, a finely-worked shirt of mail. His rapier, of portentous length, is supple mented by a long, left- handed dagger. Before him walk pages with flambeaux, and a stout man-at-arms, pike or axqnebuse in hand. Behind and with him come two or three, or, if he be a great man, a dozen trusty friends to see him through his adventure. These chivalrous times are curiously practical when seen in contemporaneous tapestry. That terrible seeker of amorous adventures, the young King of Navarre, never stirs out of hie room to perambulate the long corridors of the Louvre, where he is as yet only a guest, with out a pikeman, for the way is short from the boudoir to the grave. The tiling known as fair play is not yet invented, and man smites his enemy when and where he can take him at a disadvantage. The atmosphere of Paris is heavy with rumours. There is talk in council and ruelle. and strange conferences are held between mighty chiefs of the faction of &S-; 'Guises and the provosts of the great guilds of tbe good city of Paris. Apart, aloof from these, the Huguenots shiver in their fortified hotels, for there is & scent of blood in tits sir, «nd the chiefs unvanquished in the field talk strangely of being led into a mousetrap. And yet these wary warriors have corns hither on an occasion more fitting for eilken favours than buff jerkins. They ace bidden to a wedding banquet. Henry of Navarre, stall in mourning, has arrived in Paris, in the early days of August, st the head of a gallant train of eight hundred gentlemen, the flower of the Huguenot nobility. On the seventeenth of the month the betrothal takee place at the Louvre. On the following day the marriage is celebrated with 'maimed ritee' by tbe Cardinal de Bourbon. A strange scene. Not within the sacred fane, but outside the Cathedral of Notre Dame, a huge structure has been erected of wood, carved and hung with cloth of gold. Henry of Navarre — his mother two months dead—Lays aside his mourning, and appears with bis eight hundred gentlemen in brave attire of velvet, satin, and doth of gold, strangely pinched and slashed in the latest mod«. Marguerite herself — splendid, and conscious of her splendour — «* dressed in royal robes, with a crown and bodice of ermine, glittering with the jewels of the regalia, and the royal mantle of blue, with four ells of train, carried by three princesses.' Plump Madge, looking very handsome and triumphant, to be made a wife and a queen at last— albeit; to a husband whoae neighbour hood is unsavoury to those of delicate nostrils — people shouting and crowding to suffocation, while the bride hears mass, and her husband waits outside. Then come fetes *nd dances, jousts and junketings, masques and merry-makings, the bells of Paris ring ing ont a merry peal — prophetic enough to some sharp eats of the tocsin of St, Germain rAnxerrois. Captain Bloeset— a Burgundian Huguenot, distinguished by his valiant defence of VeEelay against the Catholic army — calls one morning on the admical, and -ufrq permission to go home. 'Why,' asks Coligny. 'why are yon in such baste?* 'Because they mean no good to us in this place.' 'What!' shouts the admiral, ' do not yon believe we have a good king?' 'Too good! Too good to us Uy farl That is why I want to go away; and, if you would do as I do, M. 1'AmiraL yon would do good to yourself and to the cause.' It is impossible to keep the sharp Bur gnndian, who takes to horse and away. Hardly- is he clear of Paris, than Manrevert'a pistol-snot reaches the doomed admiral. Angry remonstrances and many threats are made by the Hugnenots, and, at last, the king ib told that he has no option, that his enemies are delivered into his hands, and that he may not let them go. This is a fear ful time for a bride in the first week of her honeymoon. Everyone whispering, none telling her anything. Suspicions Huguenots avoiding her because she is Catholic. Catho lics keeping their lips close, because ehe has married a Huguenot. Left to herself, ehe creeps into the ceremony of the ' coucher' of tbe queen-mother, and feeling very lonely end wretched, sits down upon a coffer beside her sister Claude, Duchess of Lor nine, also very, very sad. The two young women ait, hand in hand, silently and wretchedly enough, in the great dimly lighted room, hung with tapestry depict ing the martyrdoms of saints. At last the queen-mother perceives Madge sitting sorrow fully with her sister, sad commands her to go to bed. As she makes her curtsy, her sister Claude seizes her by the arm, and, weeping bitterly, cries, 'Oh, God ( my sister do not go!' Madge is more frightened still, till Catherine flies into a passion and forbids decade to tell her anything. The Duchess of Lorraine then flies out and declares that her sister shall not be sent to the sacrifice ; that the Huguenots will revenge themselves upon her. Nevertheless, the old queen is firm. The absence of Madge would give riBe to suspicions. Her place is with her husband. Driven from her mother's presence, she seeks her husband, whom she finds already in bed, surrounded by thirty or forty zealots of his party, talking loudly of the attempt to assassinate the admiral, and resolving, the next morning — alas! for them, that next morning — to demand of the king that justice shall be done on the Guises, as Otherwise they trill 'take the law in their own hands.' Tans papses a night sleepless and of utter misery, the words of her sister Claude lin^iug ever in Marguerite's ears. As diy breaks, hnr husband rises to go and play tennis till King Charles is awake, the weary woman tells her nurse to close the door, and sinks into a feverish sleep. The awaking is frightful enough. There is loud knocking at the door and cries of ' Navarre ! Navarre !' The nurse, thinking it mast be the King Henry, opens the door, when in rushes a man streaming with biood. with arm and shoulder cut and slashed, and clings to toe young queen — ss frightened as he. Four archers pursue this M. de Lvrau into the very nuptial chamber, and are only restrained from killing their man by M. de Nancay, captain of the guard, and a right merry, jovial gentleman, who laughs heartily at the comical picture of tbe wounded man Molding fast to 'plump Madge,*' and his lour bloodhounds eager to tear him down. These worthies gut rid of, jolly M. de Krncay remains with Marguerite, and '-while she changes her dress, being all covered with blood,' tells her all about tbe merry jest in action this fine August morning. First he cirante her the life uf M. de Lcran, whom she stows away in the dressing-room till hie wounds are healed, and then quiets her fears concerning her husband, assuring her that he ie safe enough with the king in bis cabi net, where, by the way, is also the Prince de CoDdd — the king offering the choice of 'inset, death, or Bastille.' Covering Marguerite's shoulders with a mantle, pleasant M. de Nancay tells her not to be alarmed, that they are only kilting all the Huguenots except her husband. and conducts herto tuechamberof her eieier Claude, where she arrives ' more dead than alive.' Just as ehe steps into the ante ciiamber, she sees another gentleman pursued by the archers, and struck with a halberd within three paces of her royal person. Without, make themselves heard the rattle of arqaebusarles, tbe clash of swords, the triumphant yell of the white -scarred crusa ders, and, now and then, tbu deiunt roar of a knot of old soldiers who, despite chains ani barriers, pike and gun. cut. through their enemies and get clear off, while above all tolls the great bell of the church of the Auxerrois. Another fold of the tapestry ebows us Marguerite and the 'kinglet' her husband, prisoners rather than rulers, aa ornament to the court of Charles and his successor, Henry — quickly returning from Poland ar. the news of his brother's death.. Tiiere are schemes to effect the escape of the 'fox of Beam,' but they are long unsuccessful, costing also the lives of Coconnas and La Mole — regarded , perhaps, with too kindly an eye by Marguerite. Then comes the famous huntiag-party at Seolis and the escape of the husband, Margue rite being still it the court of Henry III. — out --f favour, too, with Uusbatul and kingly brother, and plotting with the Ducd'Alencon, her younger brother — but yet the ornament of society in the best period of the Renais sance. A period of charming costume and of culture excessively elegant, when compared with all that preceded it. Yet, with all this beauty and elegance, the age is full of savagery. The famous duel of the miguons will bear witness to this. It is true their hair is frizzed, the beard plucked from their soft chins, their ears pierced and jewelled, and their raffs so vast that the head of a mignon 'resembles that of St. John the Baptist on a charter;' bnt they are always ready with the steel, and die violent deaths almost to a man. So does their master, who, with all his vice and effeminacy, his look of ineffable weariness and scorn, his masks lined with almond paste to preserve his complexion, his love of female attire — 'black satin slashed with white, puffed and pinched, laced and frilled ' — his hair dressed in two arches, a la Marie Stuart, his blackened eyebrows and face painted, is yet brave as a lion, as the red fields of Jarnac and Moncontour can testify. Tbe Queen of Navarre is, for the time being, greatly smitten by the splendid figure of Louis de Clermont, better known as Bossy d'Amboise — the favourite of her younger brother — one of the ablest captains, and certainly tile greatest swash-buckler, of his time. All the time he can spare from love making he devotes to quarrelling and fight ing. The king's 'miguons' are the (.ar ticular object of his attack. He misses no opportunity of insulting them both by word and deed. He loves to dress his own lackeys as richly as the king's favourites, and to go himself in attire ot the severest simplicity. Marguerite's too susceptible heart is occupied by this paladin, who wears her colours — to wit, green and gold, white and violet — openly. Bueey comes to court from the ware covered with glory, meets Marguerite on her return from a journey to Spa., and delightB tiie heart of that princess, whose undisguised admiration of him is a fertile subject for those sarcastic young gentlemen— Qnelus, Saint-Lur, Livarot, Mangiron, and Saint Megrin. To do Bussy justice, he is abundantly provided with, wit — not of tbe delicate, high dried kind, but rough and full-flavoured, strong military wit, as it were. Two or three attempts are made to assassinate him, but in vain. Impunity makes his tongnewag all the faster. Handsome, curly- haired Qaelus — daintiest and bravest of the 'mignons' — is his especial butt, never spared either before the throne or the altar. At last things come to such a pass that the king, insisting on a formal treaty of peace, compels the two enemies to embrace in bis presence, but only provokes from Bossy one of bis odd strokes of buffoonery. Nevertheless, the quarrel i« patched up for a while, Basay, and other friends of the king's brother, leading a joyous life with the royal miguons, whose life is one perpetual feast — merry, indeed, as it need be, for fate has decreed that it shall be short enough. The court is on the best terms with the great citizens of Paris, who give entertain ments three or four times weekly. Lent is given up to these amusements, which prove too much for a worthy churchman — the Cardinal de Guise, better known as the ' Bottle Cardinal ' — a fine specimen of gour mand and gourmet, ' who meddled with no other matters than those of the cellar and the kitchen, which he understood very well — fat better than those of church and otate.' A few more bright threads in Marguerite's web of life, and then all is dark ia hue and coarse in fibre. The king has determined to establish, or rather, to revive, tbe Order of the Holy Ghost — to found an order of knighthood in honour of his sister. This Order of the Holy Ghost, new to France, dates from the year 135:1, when it was founded at Naples by Louis d'Anjon, King of Jeru salem, a descendent of the brother of St. Louis, whose statutes are extant, and came into the possession of Henry at Venice— a gift of the Serene Republic to the King of Poland. It is the first day of the new year, 1579, and the ceremony of inauguration is celebrated with great pomp in tile church of the Augustines, magnificently decorated for the occasion. The chevaliers and knights- commanders are gorgeous to look upon. They are clothed in a barret cap of black velvet, pourpoint, and trunks of cloth of silver, shoes and scab bard of white velvet, a great mantle of black velvet, embroidered round with flenrs- de-lys in gold, with tongues of flame intermingled, and the king's cypher in silver thread, die lining of orange satin. Over this mantle, instead of a hood, they wear a mantelet of cloth of gold1, sIbo enriched with fleunsde lys, tongues of flame, and cyphers like the great mantle. The collar of the order is formed of the king's and Marguerite's cyphers, interlaced with fleurs-de- lysand fiery tongues. From this hangs a cross of gold, of marvellous work in gold and enamel, in the middle of which is a white dove — the emblem of the Holy Ghost. A great grief now oppresses Marguerite. The career of Bussy comes to an end. Fight ing appears to agree with him, but letter - writing brings him to grief. In a moment of confidence he writes a. letter to the duke, his master, telling him that be is in pursuit of the ' doe of the king's grand huntsman.' The duke — false and fickle ever, and just now very weary of his too active partisan — shows the letter to the king, his brother, who, detesting Cussy, reads it aloud to the grand huntsman himBelf — Cturles de Chatubre, CottBt of Montsoreau. Tuie gentleman hies him to his castle of Montaoreau, near to Saumur, end compels his unbappy countess to write a letter to Buasy, inviting him to visit her there. Arriving at midnight, he is assailed by Montsoreaa and a doeeu bravoes, and after a desperate combat, foupht out as long aa a bit of his sword remains in the hilt, he ie finally slain, after killing several of his assailants. Marguerite, inconsolable for a while, rejoins her husband at his little court at Nera3, and, allowed to act ac 'lie pleases, ia the most complaisant wife iu the world. But, as Heury of Navarre deveiopes into Hunry of France, he determines to divorce '? plump Mauge,' now more than plump — with great fat cheeks, enormous ehoulucrs, and goggle eves set in a bald pate, crowned with a golden wig, shorn f:oni the akullaof a 'score of blonde lackeys.' No longer resplendent at the great court of Pari.-t, or the little one of Navarre, she keeps state, sorely straitened for cash at timea, at the Castle of Usson. Year*, luxurious and inglorious, pass by, and again the last of her race descends upon Paris ; no longer a wife, bat divorced, and taking it in such good part, that nhe is preseot at the coronation of her successor — Marie de'Medici. Eighteen years have improved neither the looks nor the morals of the ex-queen, who lives in great splendour at her palace in tie Rue de Seine. B-it sbe is true to her destiny, and brings death to the favourites of her old aee, aa to tlie lovers of her youtu. Bewigged aad bepaioted, the old woman lives oat an txint eneedivided between devotion an.i dis-ip itiou. She outlives all — r.areats, brothers, husband and lovers — and dies ?' greatly regretted as a princess, fell of goodness and good intentions, who only did harm to herself.' Saint Denis claims her body, but her Ueart — still at last — is deposit- d at the Convent o£ the Sucred H'art, of which she wag founder. Tiius, in the year 1615, fades out this notable figure of tte last daughter of a royal house — famous aod infamous as iiiat of Pelops. ? _^ ? «_« 