SARAH'S SHAWL. Jonas Clay- was born stingy'; he hid his sweetmeats from his little brothers when lie as a child, and smoked his cigars alone when J e was a young man. By the time he was forty, Jonas Clay was a very rich man, though he lived as plainly as ^ver, and somehow about that age the first tender feelings he had ever known crept into his heart. He fell in love with a buxom, good tempered young woman named Sarah Allworth and Offered himself to her. He was not an ill looking man and when he choose conld make himself agreeable- Sarah liked him and accepted him. ' Jonas meant to be liberal to her at first, but iftier a brief honeymoon happiness, his old habits resumed their sway, and, at last, the second winter of their married life coming on, Sarah found that all her remarks abont her shabby summer hat had no effect whatever, and that she might wait a long time without having such a thing as a comfortable cloak suggested to her. She had been a poor girl, and had do trousseau to speak of, and she found it necessary to put her pride in her pocket and ask for what she needed. It is hard enough for a wife to do that, but to be refused was something she had not calculated on. She knew her husband had a large bank account—that there was no reason she should not dress as well as any lady in the land. But when she said playfully, " Jonas, shall I buy myself some winter things to- day—I need a shawl dreadfully ?"—he had answered, " I thought you too sensible a woman to run after the fashions, Sarah. I'm sure you have very decent things that you might wear a long while yet." " That shows how much men know," Sarah answered determined to be pieasant and not to show that she was hurt. "You wonld not like your wife to look shabby, Jonas." " Well no," said Jonas—" no; but, really Sarah, money is so scarce just now. Don't you think you might make what you have do a little longer. *' How much longer ?" she asked, quietly. " Oh, I don't know," said Jonas. " I had an aunt who left me something when she died who wore the same shawl and bonnet sixteen years, and boasted of it too!" His wife looked at him, and said nothing. "Economy is agreatthing,Sarah," said Jonas uneasily. " It would be dreadful to die in the poor-house, you know ; and you don't care for other people's admiration do you, Sarah, when you know Jonas likes yon as well in your well -saved clothes? We won't call them ' shabby,' Sarah, only well saved." " Call them what you please, Jonas," said Sarah. " They merit both epithets." She sat quietly with her hands folded on the table before her for a while. Her temper was rteing fast, but she had, sense enough to crush it 4PWH. • ' . " ;'•' Amiser is the vfctim of ^ vice that masters him—just as a drunkard 1 is. Jonas was a- •hameidof himself even as he spoke, and she knew it. As shelooked at him a little while grief came instead at anger. There was so much that was good about Jonas. It was terrible to see this canker creeping over it all; to see the pinched lilies about his mouth, the strange look in his eyes. Poor Sarah remembered stories she had read of misers ; how they had starved themselves while they counted their gold; how some of them died in the dark to save candles ; and how through a long illness, one of the wealthiest of these men refused to have a pillow bought for him, or even a little saucepan in which to heat his porridge. Would Jonas grow to be as bad as these ? Once or twice of late he had found fault with the amount of butter used, and moaned Over his butchers bill but men generally did something of that sort, she had heard ; and men know nothing about dress. She rose softly and went out of the room, and brought back her bonnet and shawl, and put them on the table before him. " Jonas, dear," she said, " I don't want you to think me unreasonable ; look at these—sec how shabby they are. They were nice when we were married, but they were cheap, very cheap —cheap things fade so. I liave made everything I had, do for two years. I do not like to ask. I have not spent one penny of your money for clothes. You gave me two pair of gloves in your honeymoon—I have them still." " What a careful girl!" said Jonas, caressing her black hair, as she came and sat on a low stool beside him. " Yes, I have been careful. It is my nature to be careful," said Sarah. " Few rich men's wives would have done so much. Now look at these things, my dear." Jonas looked. There came a time afterwards when it seemed to him that the faded tint of that shawl, its dingy palm leaves of yellow brown and the wilted flowers and ribbon of the bonnet, had been scared into his brain. He looked at them long and lingeringly. He knew his wife was reasonable, and that the things were, and long had been, unfit for her to wear. But his money tugged at his heartstrings. " Suppose you wear them one winter more, Sarah," be said—" just one ?" " The shawl is very thin," she said. " I shall catch cold again as I did last winter." " Poor girl 1" he said, softly, and looked towards the desk where his check-book lay. But the grip of the fiend that Tules a miser's soul nipped him sorely as he did so. The momentary impulse vanished. Besides, a thought occured to hiin. " They wear sacques a good deal, Sarah, don't they ?" he said. " Oh ! they are veiy fashionable," replied his wife. " Then couldn't you make one of that old billiard-cloth that is in the trunk-room ?" he said *' My poor mother bought it at an auction. She meant fo use it for a coverlet; but it's a very pretty green, don't you think, Sarah, and such a nice material ?" There 1b a limit to woman's .patience; this suggestion measured Sarah's. She started to her feet, and gathering up. her bonnet and shawl, walked out of the room: After she had gone, Jonas, really looked at his check-book, and for fttteMt two mlwtM oontemplated drawing * large check, and .telling his wife be had been teasing her. But he could not bring himself to do it. After awhile his wife looked into the room with her old bonnet on, and her old shawl about her shoulders and said, "Jonas I'm going to spend the day with my sister-in-law, but I shall be home before dinner time." " I hope you'll enjoy yourself, my dear," said Jonas. He saw her eyes were heavy with weeping, and looked away, ashamed of himself. Then lie betook himself to Ms office, where he ground out his money, and, during the day, compromised with himself. He would do no extravagant thing, but when he went home, he would give his wife what was necessary, And, after all he said to himself, it would have been better to have done it. He had grieved her, and she was the only thing he loved on earth. He went home earlier than usual that evening to make what amends his soul would consent to, and as he walked briskly along, being light, upon his feet yet—for whoever heard of a miser growing fat ?—lie thought that he never again would bring tears to those good, kind eyes- Never, never again—never again : and theu what was that crowd ? What bad happened ? People were coming his way, looking backward as they came. Men, boys, women, little children, all the riff-raff that an accident, or quarrel,, or an arrest, will collect in the streets of London ; and now he was in the midst of the throng and close to four policemen, who, with set faces, marched in line, bearing between them a stretcher, on which lay a human form. It was covered —covered with a shawl. Jonas looked. Oh, heaven, he knew the pattern of that shawl 1 Only a few hours before its dingy palm leaves of j'ellow brown, its faded fringe, its shabby brown centre, had been spread before him. It was his wife's shawl! " Stop—stop—stop !*' he cried. " Let me see her—let me see her I" " Do you know her ?" asked one of the policemen. " Let me see her face," said Jonas, growing so faint that a kindly man hard by supported him. " You'd not know her face ; a telegraph pole fell on her ; it's crushed out of allshape," said the policeman " But shawls are alike, Keep up your courage. I don't think this is any relation of yours ; she's too shabby. Look at her shoes ! See here, this is her bonnet. You don't know that ?" He held up a bonnet. It was crushed and soaked with blood; but Jonas knew it. The streaked purple ribbon, and a flower amongst the other flowers that had lost half its petals —he had fingered it as it lay on the table beside him. "Yes, I know it!" he cried. " It's Sarah I It's my wife !" Then he pulled away the shawl from the crushed face and fainted outright. But as his senses left him he heard someone say, " His wife I Why, I thought she was a beggar ,1" And aether answered, " Like.enough ; thpv call hirijrSi miser, t kno^v him/ His name is JonarClay." < • ? They carried the poor -.voman home to Jonas Clay's old house i helping him to follow as he came to himself. She was laid upon her bed, and after the inquest, women prepared her body there for burial, talking amongst themselves of the shame it was that she, a rich man's wife, should be so clad ; and then there was a pause, that he might be alone with her if he would. Before the time, came he had a cab called, and went out in it. He was driven to a large drapery establishment, where he asked to see the manager, and was shown to his office. The manager found him there, a pale miserable object, trembling and faint, as one in a deep illness. He was shabby, too. '' He has come to beg," thought the manager; and his " What can I do for you ?" was curt. But Jonas cared nothing for anyone's manner now. He answered sadly, " I want to buy a shawl." " A salesman will attend to you, sir," said the manager. " No," said Jonas; " I'm too ill, too broken to talk to the salesman. I can trust you. I want the costliest shawl you have." " A madman !" thonght the manager. " Our costliest is two hnndred pounds," said he repressing a smile. " Have it made up for me," said Jonas. " Certainly mad !" said the gentleman to himself But Jonas had drawn a check from his breast, and with trembling hand was filling up the blanks. The manager examined them carefully. " Mr Jonas Clay," he said more respectfully. Then it flashed upon him that he had read of a fatal accident to this man's wife that morning. It was a strange proceeding altogether. Secretly he called others to look at his enstomer. One knew him financially, it was all right. " And thereat is none of our business," said the manager, as he saw the bundle of splendonr carried down-stairs after Jonas Clay. " They Ipoke of him as a miser in the paper. That's a pretty purchase for a miser !" Meanwhile, Jonas drove home. From the door floated long streamers of black crape. No sweet facc smiled a greeting. Within all was hushed. Canying the shawl under his arm, he went up-stairs to the darkened room, where under straight fol^s of white drapery, seemed to lie the sorrow of the honse. A watcher sat there. He sent her away. Then, alone in the room, he knelt down upon the floor beside the coffin. " Sarah," he said,—" Sarah ,can you hear me ? I loved you, Sarah ; but I was such a miser— such a miser ! Iv'e bought you a shawl at last. Oh Sarah! Sarah ! I've paid as much as I could for it, my dear. You shall be wrapped in it in your coffin. I'll put it abont you myself, Sarah! Sarah!" He spread out the costly folds; he lifted it in his hands. A moment more he would have folded it about the dead form in the coffin, but at that instant a voice cried," Oh, Jonas! Jonas dear I Oh my poor Jonas I My poor, poor Jonas!" And turning, he saw his wife, either in the spirit or the flesh, standing behind him. His knees trembled under him. He cried out to Heaven to help him ; but the figurecame closer. It was no ghost, but a living womon. She took him in her arms. " Ob; bow ill yoij look !" she w Did yon really love me so ? And it is all my fnnlt. I went to my sister-in law's, and—I gave away my dress, my shawl,.and my bonnet to a beggar woman—and vowed to sit in one of my sister's dressing- gowns until you gave me decent clothes to come home in. And the poor woman—who was tipsy, too, my dear—was killed two hours afterwards, and I never knew that she had been taken for me until this morning. Oh, such a dirty creature, my dear, the papers described her! And for a little while I was glad that you had a fright, but I am sorry now I was." For all answer, he picked up the shawl and wrapped it about her, and took her, folded in it like a mummy, to his heart again. "The miser is dead," he said. "But Jonas Clay will show bis wife how he can cherish her." He did ; and if ever afterwards Sarah detected symptoms of a relapse, all she bad to do was to wrap herself in her wonderful shawl. The sight of it inevitably recalled the moment when he learnt how little, after all, is the value of money, and realised in agony of soul that " should a man give all the substance of his house for love it would be utterly contemned." He may indeed love his money yet; but he knows that he lores Sarah more. At a wholesale clothing establishment in Leeds, more than 1,000 hands and 300 sewingmachines are employed. The cutting-out is done by means of knife-machincs driven by steam, which cut through thirty-five layers of thick or a hundred and twenty layers of thin cloth at once, the pattren being marked on the topmost piece. The pile, as stated is manipulated around the knife blade just as a block of wood is moved when being cut by a hand-saw. Pressing machines heated by gass are used in placc of the old tailor's goose, and as they are worked by a treadle, the workman's hands are at liberty to guide the heated iron over the seams. When is water most liable to escape 7 When it is only half tide. What is that from which if you take whole some will yet remain ? Wholesome. The roll of fame is a good thing 1 but there are times when a roll of bread is better. Why is a man who lets houses likely to have a good manyjeousins ? Because he has tennants. Euphuistic.—An unpaid-for yact is politely termed,a floating c ebt. Some old traducer says that for the period of a month before marriage and a month after death, men regard their wires as angels. A woman was offered £l,000 if she would remain silent for two hours. At the end of fifteen minutes she asked" Isen't the time nearly np ?" „ My dear," said a pretentious husband, " I'm going to write an essay on the golden calf." " My love," replied his wife, " I'm afraid you'll re peal your ignorance." ." What I object to,"' «aid a Texas horse thief, as he~was about to be drawn up, " is your hangiiig me herfc in the sun when there's plenty of shade closn by. However go ahead." Only Bostok firRLS.—A ' traveller says : " When you lass^Boston girl, she holds sdH till you urc through, when she flares up all at once, an4^2$|fti9i6r' I should think you, should beashai^l?*^ Said an artist ti) a censorious critic : " Why according to you, my picture is all beastly. 1 suppose the animals m it are beastly, too!" ' Well, no; that,s what they ought to be, but, unfortunately they're not," replied the inexorable critic. At a public dinner a preacher was called upon to give toast. The evening was so for advanced that every person present had been toasted already, and also all their friends. It thus happened that the preacher was inconsiderable perplexity as to what should form the subject of his toast, But the good mm was a person of large sympathies, and, rising from his scat, said that without troubling the company with any preliminary observations, he begged to propose the health of "all people that on earth do dwell," A district attorney, who was cross-examining a doctor on a criminal trial exclaimed, petulantly, " A doctor should be able to give his opinions without mistakes." " He is as well able as a lawyer," retorted the doctor. " A doctor's mistakes are buried 6ft under the ground," said the lawyer. " And a lawyer's are sometimes hung 6ft above it," responded the doctor. Madame X sent away her cook who had too many military visitors, and replaced her a guilless country lass. The other day she took a look into the kitchen, and there saw a superblooking soldier tasting a bowl of soup. " Is it possible you, too, are guilty of this thing, Sophie f " Please, ma'am, you are mistaken. This is no doubt one of the soldiers Ifefk over by the last cook." 