IRELIGIOUS EDUCATION OFU THE YOUNG. ?The Bishop of Melbourne has recently issued a circular on this importaut sub. ject. It is addressed to the clergy, but it possesses much interest for the public generally. His Lordship recognises the difilulties in the way of week-day instruction, when the children are either wearied by work, or drawn aside by attractions, bht urges that the difficulty must be encountered, in order to rescue the rising generation from the state of spiritual destitution into which they are sinking. " 1 do not believe (continues the Bishop) that the majority of those who banished religious instruction from our State Schools, had any objection either to the Bible as a text-book, or to such undenominational instruction in divine knowledge as is now given in the Board Schools of London. They banished religious instruction because they thought it impossible to keep the peace between rival sects and denominations. I believe that the experience of the mother-country shows thema to have been mistaken. But however that may be, of the result of their action there can be no doubt or question. In order to banish all reference to God from the scholar's mind and the teacher's lesson, they have been compelled to exclude not only the Bible, but also those voices of conscience and lessons of history which speak so plainly of a Divine pre sence and Providence to the world. The glory of heaven is carefully shut of from the page of knowledge: everything must be seen tinder the hard dry light of its secular aspects. Should imagination at tempt to escape from these low levels, it is to be suppressed. Should emotion at times betray the susceptible nature into religious aspirations, these most be sum marily checked. To secure peace,. we must imprison conscience, and exclude heaven. * * What can be the effect of a merely godless education like this, but, in commerce, feverish speculation and systematic knavery ; in politics, selfish ambition, cruel animosity, and unscrupu lous oppression; in social life, impurity, effeminacy, idleness, and inconstancy ? "I cannot paint the picture so darkly as it appears to my own mind, and it is because I earnestly long for the peace and prosperity of this fair land of my adop tion, and for the extension to all its people of the infinite blessings of our Divine Redeemer's kingdom, that I am making this attempt to show you the urgent need of present effort, as I myself perceive it. "Since the State thinks it cannot, we must bestow a religious education upon our children. We are bound to do this (not only to make the effort, but to go on making at till we succeed) by every obliga tion which we bold most sacred; by loyalty to our Divine Master; by faith fulness to our ordination vows; by love of those souls over whom the Holy Ghost has made us overseers; and, not less, by patriotic attachment to the country which feeds and shelters us. We must resolve to succeed. It were better to lose any thing than the hearts of our children. If one method should fail, we must try another. We must summon our people round uts;we must ask them to join us in prayer to our Heavenly Father that He may teash us the right way, and give us strength and grace to walk therein. Vainly will our successors preach to souls hardened in habits of godless thought and feeling, if, while these souls are tender responsive to the glow of emotion, and plastic beneath the formative hand of love and truth-we neglect to set before them the blessed gospel of salvation. "I would therefore earnestly and affec tionately urge you to renewed efforts in this direction. Lay the matter before your people. Remind them of the utter insufficiency of Sunday School instruction alone; of the necessity that there should be some kind of balance and proportion between sacred and secular education, even in the case of those who attend Sunday Schools; as well as some kind of week-day provision for those who do not. Remind them moreover that a Christian man is not his own, but tiat, bought with the precious blood of Christ, he is bound to glorify God with his time, his talent, his strength, and his life; that every spiritual gift is bestowed, not that it may be enjoyed merely, but rather that it may be imparted to those who are less happy and instructed than ourselves. 'T'hus, by God's help, instead of merely folding our hands and waiting for the deluge, we shall be doing what in us lies to benefit men and glorify God." The Snowy River district seems to be progressing. The residence and improve ment conditions of the Land Act (says the Advertiser) are now being energetically complied with here, most of the selectors having- permanently settled down upon their allotments, and fencing and planting are going on briskly. Mr O'Dea hns just let a contract for his fencing. Messrs Cameron are undertaking cultivation on a considerable scale, and intend trying a variety of crops to test what is best fitted for the local growth. Mr John Cameron is endeavouring to induce the incoming of another schooner, to fetch in a cargo of seed, &c.;, in which, as there is every like lihood of other selectors availing them selves of the opportunity, and every gua rantee of a respectable hack cargo, there seems a good chance of his succeeding. The want of better postal accommodation Is greatly felt. From the Courier we learn that Messrs Richardson Brothers, selectors of land at the Smowy River, passed through lairnsdale on Saturday en route for the Snowy River. These selectors have come direct from Ballarat, and they intend entering largely into the cultivation of various samples of corn and starclhy root crops suitable for the manu facture of farinacteous food. T'hey will not only depend upon their own produce for supplies, but they iatend givinlg ?n couragement also to neighbouring selec tors by purchasingl crope from tthem sltould they deem the Inducement sufficiently encouraging to enter into that particular branbch of .agriculture. We also learn that, in addition to the machinery requl salto ior the aove-mentioned industry, tie Messrs Richardson will shortly erect a saw mill in the neighborhood of their selection at the 8nowy River. The resignation of Judge Rogers ltas been accepted by the Ministry, and the learned geutleman retires on his pension. No new appointment(says the Ar ea) will be made in his place, his work ha ntg beett already allutted among the remaining county court judges. It would be well for all interested to remember that the rents for runs were due oni Saturday lost, and to prevent forfeiture thle monoey ,must he paid by tite very Iltest by Saturday next, Oth prox. After that date thie money cannot be received with out ans order in Concil being obtained. A good deal of anntlyance antd trouble may therefore be saved, bIoth to he Govern ment and to lessees, by paying the rents at once., lThe snnatl ball at the Oovertnent IIouso thiis year will be given during the race week in November. 