Turf Notes By Centaur. in the multitude of councillors there is said to be wisdom, and by a parity of reason- ing a score or so of officials should ensure a successful race meeting even at Isisford (late Wittown), where the "Westward He Jockey Club " hold a couple of days' racing on the 26th and 27th December, under the auspices of not less than twenty-one stewards. Five events come off on the first, and four on the second day, the added money coming to £250. With the exception of the Open Handicap (competition limited to grass- fed horses, by the way), and the " Westward Ho " Handicap of £50, all the races are weight-for-age journeys. Numerically, the entries for the handicaps at Launceston and at Hobart Town are satisfactory, and though the quality might be better the race committees have little to grumble at, for you can't got anything very much better than Wood lands and Wellington, and Swiveller and Strathearn, and so on, in a handicap entry outside Flemington, For the Hobart Town Cup thirty-three subscribers are down, and Richmond is in the field ; thirty for the Alexandra Plate ; twenty-nine for the Weld Stakes. For the Launceston Gold Cup there are twenty-six nominated, and for the Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap twenty-five. The Two year-old Stakes have scarcely filled as well as usual at either of the " Van Doiuonian " gatherings. The racing at Flemington on Thursday and Saturday was of more than average interest, though the absence of First King, Bosworth, Vulcan, and Woodlands robbed the sport of some of its interest. The principal events on Thursday wore the Royal Park Stakes, the Oaks, the Flying Stakes, and the Four-year-old Handicap, In the first of these, Warlock appears to have made his own running, having Cheater beaten all the way and unless some excuse can be found by the crack"s Monds for his defeat, it looks as if the three-year-olds of 78 wore a cut above those of '77, though, of course, the difference in the weight in favor of Warlock must be taken into account and also, that Chester, with weight up, does not quite like his two miles, in first-rate society. War- lock's success in the Royal Park Plate was only the prelude to his performance in the Canterbury Stakes, two and a-quarter miles, in which he beat Melita and Cap-a-pie and these two victories materially enhance the merit of Wellington's four lengths Derby win a brilliant performance indeed, whose lustre is scarcely dimmed by the Derby horse's subsequent defeat at the hands of His Lordship and Roodee in the Mares' Produce Stakes, one and a-quarter miles iliRtauco over which His Lordship is almost invincible and the Panics are not sprint runners in a rule. The notion that the Marquis cannot get a stayer, though apparently confirmed by the successive failures of Newminster, Waterford, and His Lordship, was upset, pro tem, at least, on Saturday, by the victory of his son Czar in the All Aged Stakes, one mile, beating that very promising colt Sunshine, by Maribyrnong, who had dressed him down in Thursday's Flying Stakes, three- quarters of a mile ; and a two-year-old who can finish well among other good horses at the end of a mile in November, gives sufficient proof of his present ability to stay, and ample promise for the future. In the Four-year-old Handicap, Swivoller, giving away lots of weight, ran a great horse, and had he been "all right" at the meeting, must have finished nearer the front in the Cup race than a modest but honorable fourth. Snowden, his sire, was in nuely-bred horse, having Whale- bone himself in the third remove his dam being a daughter of Stumps (brother to Peter Pan) twice winner of the Goodwood Stakes-by Whalebone. On the sire's side (Pyrrhus the First), the strain is a generation further back, and comes through the channel of Defence, whose daughters are as famous as those of Lot or Lear. Unless Emily be but a ghost of her former self, Melita's hollow victory over the black filly, and Priittlo (a daughter of Talk o' the Hill and Majesty in the Oaks race, shown there must have been some grounds to justify the stable support accorded to Melita, all through, for the Cup. It is just possible there was something wrong with the trying tackle, though the filly's second to Warlock, in front of Cap-a-pie, in the Canterbury Plate, looks like more than ordinary form. It would have been little or no surprise to those acquainted with Columbus antecedents, on the score of pedigree and performances, to see him beat Calamia for theatres. Handicap, when in receipt of 341. from the Cup hero for Mr. Johnson-Doe's old horse can go under weigh up to between lOst. and i 1st., and was hailed caps with that in the saddle in good time, and in good company too ; moreover, be is bred to race, being by Smuggler out of Alice Drew, by Athos out of a Kelpie mare. Athos, foaled in 1857, was by Prime Minister (son of Melbourne, and sire of Knight of the Garter), out of Peasant Girl, whose dam was a daughter of the famous Waxy Pope, Son of Waxy and Prunella, Penelope's dam otherwise Waxy's mother-in-law, and Whale- bone's grandmother. Smuggler, bred by Mr. C. B. Fisher in 1822, was got by Fisherman (imp.) out of Midnight, by the imported horse South Australian (who used to carry Mrs. Osbaldi Stone's colors, though rarely to victory after " Cauld Squire's" death, out of Young Moonshine. The conclusion I come to with respect to the two-year-olds of the season, not one of which has confirmed his or her excellence by a second victory, is that they are moderate. They have run so in and out that there can be nothing at present of superlative merit amongst the lot we have seen in public, though the Czar and Sunshine, by Marquis and Maribyrnong, seem to be so far the best of their year, for I place very little reliance in four and five furlong races where a lot finish close together. Lone Hand's performance in the Steeplechase confirms his reputation as one of the few good horses at the work, in public, that Australia can boast of. I think I have now touched upon all the principal features of the late Flemington meeting, and there is nothing of importance now in the racing world until New Year's Day, except at Kensington Park and Bendigo. The Sydney Ama teurTurf Club meeting came off on the 9th, but it was a comparatively tame affair. The Victorian sister club's meeting at the end of October was, however, of more interest, both local and general, for the Sapling Stakes introduced us to a very fair field of two-year-olds, including Bonnie Bee, the winner ¡ Astarte, a sister to Richmond and Bosworth ; Caractacus (who would probably have won had he not lost a good deal of ground at the start), by Captivator (imp.) out of Loyal j Devoir and Brisbane, an own brother to Melbourne, by Panic, out of Myth, A copy of the great Mentz Bible, printed by Gutenberg in 1455, being the first book ever printed, was sold by auction at Paris lately for the sum of £2000. It was printed on vellum, but is not quite perfect, having one leaf and several portions restored in facsimile by 44 PUliueki. At the celebrated Perkins sale in 1873 a copy of the same work realised the sum of £3100. 