DISCHARGED PRISONERS' AID SOCIETY. The name of this society was omitted from the list of those benevolent and charitable institutions whose origin and objects were stated in our issue of Thursday It originated in August, 1874 Its objects and operations will appear in the report for 1877, which is here given During the year which has elapsed since presenting their 1 last report the work of the society has been carried on by the committee in the same manner and upon the same prin- copies as before The total number of applicants for assistance by the so ciety has been 83 as against 93 in the previous year, and the total number assisted has been 74 The falling off in the number of applicants has probably arisen from the refusal of the government to deal with police office cases, in consequence of their experience that such cases being generally those of incorrigible drunkards, they seldom or never can be benefited by their assistance The cases pungent ag themselves have been treated as follows Supplied with tools, 6, supplied with blankets, boots, clothing and food, free passes to country, &c;, 52, shipped as seamen 5 employment found, 7 , money loans, 4 total, 74 Refused assistance-cases unworthy relief, as habitual drunkards, &c; , 2 failed to return after making application, 6 not coming within the scope of the society, 1 total 9 Grand total, 63 Of these there carne From Darlinghurst, 70 Parramatta, 5, Berrima, 4, Maitland, 3 Windsor. 1 total, 83 The number of prisoners assisted who have been recon- victed is, as far as the committee has been able to ascertain, 14 This does not appear to be a greater percentage than has been found, by the experience of similar societies in the mother-country, to give way to temptations to crime after receiving assistance Indeed, it can hardly be expected that some will not seek the temporary aid of such societies who have formed no earnest intention to return to an honest mode of living, and who knowingly abuse the advantages which the charity holds out to them This is treatment to which every charity is exposed and subjected, however admitted laudable in the objects which it proposes to accomplish, and furnishes no ground of objection to the society itself The committee are glad to find that thinkers and writers on social science in the mother-country as well as authorities on the subject of prison discipline, are beginning to recognise the fact that the efforts of such societies have effected a sensible diminu- tion of the criminal class by the facilities which they afford to those anxious to return to the paths of honesty In no phase of life is it more distinctly seen how much is man the creature of circumstances than amongst those who too often through the neglect of Society are driven to swell the ranks of the pauper and criminal classes Only those engaged in the work of the society can form any idea of the difficulty which is sometimes experienced in finding suitable or indeed any employment for discharged prisoners, and the committee daily become more impressed with the importance of rendering assistance to those who have but once fallen, helm ing that it is the timely rescue of these which most powerfully operates against the growth of a criminal class to resist in some measure the pressure of adverse circumstances by timely assist see to the erring before all self re- spect is lost and permanent associations are established with members of the criminal class who will drag the fallen one down to their own level, is the aim of the society And notwithstanding the cries of reconv action which they have to report, the committee e believe that there is good ground for assuming that the encouragement and aid given by the society has, in many cases, helped to prevent such a ready return together as might otherwise have been expected with too much confidence Your committee have much pleasure in recording the continued good conduct of those assisted by the society in the earliest period of its existence and think they are justified in considering them perman not by restored to the ranks of honest labour Of others assisted during the present year they have the most satisfactory accounts The following Letters are pleasing tributes of gratitude to the efforts of the society - 11th. November, 1873 C Cowper Esq Sir I take the liberty of addressing you to thank you for your kindness to me has one of the 'country for the Aid of Discharged Prisoners for there assistance to me as! trip me up the co um v, and the blankets and money and I shall ever feel obliged to them And sir you would oblige by sending the money that I left the society to get for me send me the balance, de lnetiiiK £2 for the Society and Rive Mr Allpress 10s for the devi of trouble he took on my account, and please forward the balance £3 10s to the below address - I remain, sir your obe dent servant, 4th Aust, ist: Sirs-I am extremely sorry for my conduct towards you a year ago, in not returning the money you advanced to help me out of my more immediate difBculnes and for the ingratitude I manifested to your friend who interested himself on my behalf I enclose the amount advanced 31s and asking pardon for my unmitigated scoundrelism, and now thanking you with sincerity for your many acts of kindness -I remain, yours respectfully, The Hon W. C Windeyer, Esq 13th September 1877 Sir,-I have to return you my most sincere and grateful thanks for your very kind recommendation in last, which was the means of obtaining mc a situation at £50 per annum I have had my salary increased on 1st instant to £100, which will show that I have not done any discredit to your promises of reformation on mv behalf Your obedient servant, To the Hon W C Windeyer, Esq , Chairman of the Prisoners' Aid Society 8th October, 1897 Dear Sirs-I write the a few lines to let you know that I have met with a friend from the old country as will got me employment, also, I thank the Prisoners Aid Society for their generous ness towards me, and I will take the first opportunity of replying your kindness by sending the half-sovereign as soon as I earn it No more at present, but remain, yours respectfully, To Mr J B AUpresS During the past year, as will be observed by the returns, the committee have assisted a considerable number of men to reach the country districts and are glad to report that the number of prisoners Seeking the aid of the society in this way, and anxious to leave the temptations of the city immediately on leaving gaol is increasing, many of them leaving town on the same day as they are discharged It h pleasing to report that the expense incurred by the so ciety in sending a person to New Zealand to rejoin his family has been honestly repaid by the remission of the pas age money from New Zealand The funds at the disposal of the society have, by the strictest economy, been sufficient to meet its requirements during the past year, but the limited amount subscribed by the public has prevented their assisting some cases in a manner most likely to secure success The sum of 400 placed upon the Estimates by the late Government and voted by Parliament will materially aid the society in extending the sphere of its usefulness and enable it to meet the increasing demand upon its resources At the same time, the committee would appeal to the liberality of the public to aid them in efforts which, if successful but in a comparatively small number of cases, are worthy of all encouragement from those who think that is doing justice and loving mercy we are most practically discharging the duties imposed upon us by morality and religion The committee have ceramic record their sense of the valuable services rendered to the society by Mr J B All press, and recommend the payment to him of £10 in recognition thereof, and ia repayment of moneys disbursed by him The thinks of the committee are also due to Mr Sothern and Mr J Bennett for their good intentions and exertions in getting up a th strict entertainment in aid of the society, though it is to be regretted that the demands made by Mr. F Lyster in payment of the expenses of the theur- absorbs 1 all the profits which might have accrued to the Society The committee also desire to thank Mr M'Lean the Comptroller of Prisons, and the gaol authorities for the r continued assistance in carrying on the work of the society. The balance sheet shows that the receipts from public contributions, and from Government (together with the balance in bank at the end of 1876) amounted to £139 0s 3d all of which, with the exception of £31 4s 6d balance in bank, and £3 0s 2d petty cash, had been expended Annexed to the report is a list of subscriptions and donations Sibley RowiNG Club Regatta-The Sydney Rowing Club Regatta, to close the club year 1877-78, will take place this afternoon. The programme consists of a clinker outrigger, pair oared, four pair sculls, and four-oared gig races. The fast steamer Prince of Wales leaves the Circular Quay to convey members and friends to the branch club house, Parramatta River, where the regatta takes place. Music We have received from Messrs. Nicholson and Ascherberg a song, composed expressly for them by Franz AV, whose name as a composer is so well known to all musical people. The words are by Edward Oxenford, and the song is entitled " My Amulet." It is set in the key of F and the music, though by no means difficult, is pleasing, The Amusements Mr. and Mrs. George Darrell concluded their engagement at the Theatre Royal last evening, when "Masks and Faces" was the piece selected, Mrs. Darrell assuming the rôle of Peg Skeffington. Mr. Darrell gave several of his imita- tions of sundry celebrities and the season has closed on the sensational school for the time being. This evening Miss Florence Colville reappears upon the very boards on which she achieved many histrionic triumphs some years ago, and takes the part of Lady Teazle in the " School for Scandal," supported by Mr. Chaplin. The public is to be treated next week to a round of legitimate dramatic pieces, not the least noteworthy being the appearance of Mr. Defries on Wednesday in Harslett, a character which he assumed in America some years ago with much credit to himself. " Richard III. is to be produced at the Victoria this evening, with a strong cast. Mrs. Scott-Siddons is doing too good a business at the Queen's Theatre to withdraw " Our Boys," and announces not only no change of programme but a matinee this afternoon. The piece is smartly played, but after the practice Mr. C. Hollo- way has had he might be a little less awkward than he is, and speak his part more intelligibly. Mr. Andrews is "immense." and is capitally supported by Mrs. Scott-Siddons, Mrs. Jones, and Mr, Mortyn. Mr. D'Arcy' Read's Ghost is attracting fair audiences, and assumes now the form of a Chinaman, was, the delight of those who Witness it 