MELBOURNE. (FROil OCR OVTK COKRESPONDEST.\ Friday Evening. The" ridiculous discussion which has been recently carried on in Melbourne as to the disposal of the bodies of the dead has been distinguished by two humorous features. I do not consider Mr Crispo's suggestion to build shot towers for storeying the defunct, or another writer's proposal to feed the fish to he sought for by "future deep sea fishing companies upon them, as humorous, hut simply as the natural imbecilities of the ave rage newspaper letter-writer. But I think Mr J. Fife Atkinson's undertaker's show-card, which requests that any lady or gentleman wishing to dispose of his or her remains through the agency of cremation should communicate with him, when their wishes will be promptly and cheaply attended to, and machinery of the most improved kinds will be imported for the purpose is so amusingly absurd that it ought not to .es cape the notice of the grinders out of comi calities. " Almost equally ludicrous is the spectacle of old Isaac Pitman, the phono grapher, peering through his spectacles into the peep-holes in the retort where the de funct Mrs P. wa3 calcining, and gleefully rubbing his hands and ejaculating, "What a beautiful night ?" I am afraid there are too many widowers who would endorse Isaac's opinion, but there is something irre sistibly comical in the description of the process, and Isaac's packing off to Cin cinnati, leaving the fire-fiends to send the ashes of his relict after him by express. Boberts, jun., is really grand! Playing last night against Mr Shorter, a player of sullicieut strength to give comfortably 30 in 50 to the very best players we have in Vic-, toria—I don't even except " The Ghost,'? al though I might Hadley, who is in Tas-_ mania—he managed to give him (Shorter) 342 points in 1000, despite the fact that Shorter made one break of 197 and another, of 147," and played an excellent cannon and hazard game, which compared very favorably, with that which Hitchens used to exhibit. At the commencement of the game, when Shorter stood at 447 and Boberts at one, very few people could have imagined that the imperturbable, self-possessed champion, relying upon the abundance of his knowledge aud a delicacy of skill which is simply marvellous, would have the game called .501 to 579, and when, after the in terval, he drew upon Shorter by play exhibiting the most perfect precision, and by a series of giant breaks caught him, out-paced bim, aud led, the effect produced upon the audience—which included the hon. Graham Berry and many of our foremost ] men in society—was one of simple astonish- i meut. The play was a grand exhibition of skill and knowledge brought to bear upon one description of combinations ; but after making every allowance for training and in struction it is still surpassingly wonderful that one man can excel all others in the civilised world in a sport which is inde fatigably pursued by thousands of men of every grade of intelligence; for, be it re membered, we do not witness the like indi vidual mastery of the one in other masculine pastimes. I am informed that the contract for carry ing the mails through the Western District, although given originally to the lowest ten derers, has again fallen to Messrs Tines and MThee, who have for so many years suc cessfully carried out their contracts with the Government. The change has taken place, so far as I can hear, from a mutual arrange ment having been arrived at. An opportunity was afforded me to-day to view the model of the proposed medallion gift to prize winners at the Ballarat Juvenile Exhibition. It is at present in the model room attached to the Technological Mu seum. It is in the form of a medallion twelve inchesindiameter, and illustrates the descend ing • of Victoria from a temple to place upon the head of a youth a wreath of laurel, who, in a kneeling posture, holds in his hands a model of a steam- engine. The idea is good enough, as far as an engineer's point of view is concerned, but there is a want of recognition of all other branches of art and industry. Surely, a young lady who had taken pains in modelling a bouquet of flowers would feel rather indignant if pre sented with a medallion representing a steam-engine. However, the Committee pro bably know best as to which gift is the most j suitable. To show the interest that is at present being taken in coursing, there were no fewer than seventy-four applications for nomina tions to-day for the Waterloo Cup. The prize is worth running for, and as much pride is taken in becoming the winner of the blue ribbon of the sixty-four dog contest as there is in the honor of a racehorse pulling off the Melbourne Cup.. Mr Justice Molesworth was occupied to day in hearing arguments in an Equity suit, in which a Mrs Mary M'Cahill sought to recover the value of certain land at Hamilton. The defendant in the suit was Mr Edward Henty. After hearing arguments from counsel, his Honor reserved his decision. A young woman, who has since been identified as Louisa Newton, and who has lately resided at Hotharn, was found dead this morning in a water-trough. How she got into such a receptacle is at present a matter of surmise. She is reported to have been of intemperate habits. The steamship Alhambra was reported to day as short of coal. She is making for this [ port under sail, but a collier has gone to her assistance. 