W'dLLSCEN. APoTtos SALX. Mir. T. Alnwick subliiitted some properties in Wallsend and Brookstown, at the instance of thie LamltonBuilding Society; but, although the terms were very liberal, the bids were not satisfactory, and the properties were consequently withdlrawn. THE ILoNDI~ BleOTHeiP. - TheSe tal.ented and intrepid young rope-walkers will perform before the Wallsend public in ai large enclosure erected opposite Harris' Hotel; and, Judging from the reports of those who have witiessed I their ldaring performances, they excel even.the great Blondin of Niagara fanse. There are other attractions, I learn, within the er closure that go tomakeup thie evening's euntertainmoent. Their first performance is advertised for this evening. HIonse AClDENT.--A horse, the property of Mr. T. Turnbull, fell oil the foot bridge yester day, near the goods sted, breaking his thighI in the fall, and had to be killed. Accidents of this kind are now of frequent occurrence in this locality. The bridge in question is nothing more than atrap, and something eshould be done in this direction in order to nmake life and limb more secure both to mssn and horse, as it is the only means of ingress and egrees to Pit Town, with out eitler going a long way round or loundlering through the cutting that carries lthe pit water oni to Salt WaterCreek. Perhaps if tlhetownspeople were to fairly represent their case to the Council or the Company, whichever hIave the control of thie matter, I have no doubt the evil will be remedied without delay. PIESIsYTERIAN CIIURCIe ANNNIVEnAsAn,.-The Anniversary services in connection with the above church, were held an Sunday last, each service being attended by a large coagregation, especi ally that in the evening. On Monlday evening, a tea and public meeting was hIeldl in the Protes tant Hall. At the tea, ai goodlysnumber sat idown to the goosl things provided. T?he after meeting, which waso also well attended, was presilded over by the pastor of the church, the Rev. C. J. MIood. On the platforms were the Revs. DrI. Boag, Mr. Bonthlorne, and Mr. Bain (Presbyterian) MIr. WVoolunough (Wesleyan) Mr. Adams (Uni;edl Methodist), and MIr. Griant (Congregational) and MIr. R. Vooull, who each in turn addressed thi audience, tihe choir lilling the interval bctwcen. each speech with soume of their choice shymn selections, and cwere deservedly applhuded after ealch rendering. The treasurer in the course of the evening stated that the proceeds of thie anniver seay would lesson the debt; or, as thie Rev. Mr. Bain very humourously put it, would tend to "lay the ghost" to thie amiount of ,t5, which an nouncement was hIsiled with satisfaction by alH present. Votes of tshanks having been accorded to the speakers, tihe ladies, the choir and the chairmsan, the benediction was pronounced anl the mieeting closed. 