THE PHANTOM MINER. I , C A.story of the old gold digging ddys.) " Tell you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale old gentleman of 7():years. " Well, I will rebate a pcculiai' affair that h.appened on Tallm.aus Gully, in 1859." We were all attention, and listened to the very remark - .able n.arrative be related in the followine: manner : " Yon must know," commenced my uncle, " that I and four mates were living in a tent on the b.anks of the river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for we were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to keep us in the commonest tucker. After our cveryday's work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were every niglib disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink of a pick, about fifty yards from onr c.ativas home. This confounded noise alw.ays commenced at midnight, .and did not ceasG until the break of day. One night we were determined to see who it was ; so we sallied forth in the bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a co.arse red flannel shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard .at work by an old claim which bad been deserted for many years. I w.as chosen spokesinan, to expostulate with this noisi' digger; but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, transfixed with horror, — fov the wearer of the digger's clothes was no liring man, hut a .ihelcton " Uncle Ned 1 " we .all cried, ' how fearful." " One night, our tent w.as visited by a handsome, well- to-do looking man, of about fifty years of age, who enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. He told us t.h.at in '51 he and a mate of his deserted from one of Her M.ajesty's ships, and st.arted for the Tallm.ans gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to see about some letters. Before he went, he said to bis mate, ' Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the claim for a day until I come b.ack.' Bob promised, and they parted. ' I went down to Melbounie,' said the ex- digger, 'and there was arrested as a dcsei'ter, and sent on board; and now that I have obtained my discbarge, I h.ave h.astened up here to find my old chum.' 'You wilt see him to-night,' I s.aid ; ' but you'll, liud him very much changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the phantom's pick was heard, and we all turned out. ' Ah 1 ' , cried the s.ailor, ' there's dear old Bob, Bob, here I am back. Bob, speak to , me.' He r.an to the figure, which turned its hideous face on him. With a loud shriek the seeker feU senseless oii'i the; ground. The ghost threw down its pick, and vanished. . In the morning we discovered tke poor sailor a'favirig'liinatic." " Oh, uncle Ned, what a fearful story." " Well, you askcci kie toi tell you a stoinj, and I have done so" ' '' Then, it is riot True - ' '',:,Wel,-8aid.ournncleidaughing, "ibis .as trucgas many of the absurd y.arns th.ab got': .about cluring the raging of the gold fever. Ah, those were strange d.ays, when men woidd undcrgb-atiyramount of 'priv.atioii for a few ounces of gold.' .'"How different it is now; for should a m.au be pushed.foria' l.arge cir 'smairainount all that he has to do is to h.ave .an interview with DAVID -HBNEYvof 52 Collins street east, Who h.asfrom £5.to .£10,000 to lend onnotes of hand, bills of s.ale (with. ..on without security), salary oitlers, life policies, certificates, deeds,_bill of lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, on expected reinittances, or on moneys per sons "m.ay he entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., rcpay.able tO; suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills. discounted daili( at the lowest rate of interest, and morlgages from (i per cent. 