THE MERCURY. I Tim lisp A r MORNING, SEPT 12, is7s. | So heartily sick of the Main Line Railway ques- tion, is the great bulk of tho people of Tasmania that wo believe they would heave a sigh of relief were they to wakon some morning to find that the earth had opened and swallowed up the whole ramshackle affair from end to end. The dispute between the Colony and tho Company ia inten- tionally spun out'and persistently obtruded on the public, and made to obstruct the business of Parliament, to serve particular purposes. This is the game of the Deputation, who trust by their continued importunity to weary Government, Parliament, and tho Country. ! The Opposition also find tho question ii welcome weapon of offence against the Ministry. The Opposition may deny this. "But if they do not hope to make political capital out of it, why do tho loaders of tho party condemn inthoMinistrythatwhichthoy themselves did when in office? The Main Line Rail waydisputo is perhaps the one solitary question on which Ministry after Ministry have taken the sanio stand, nud the action of the Opposition at this moment is incomprehensible on any other supposition than that they look to the railway dispute as likely to, in somo way, prove a stopping stone for their return to office, when, realising tho responsibilities of their situation, they would probably again follow tho same lino of conduct which they now find fault with in Government. The present position and prospects of the jdispute aro niost»<liscouragiiig to those who honestly and conscientiously seek to protect tho Colony from tho spoliation that is now finding favour with not a fow who, in tho past, have seen and resisted the unblushing attempts of tho Company. Evory day's delay is a gain to the Company. This ono and that 'ono is being manipulated, and publio opinion is fast becoming demoralised, for many who, in thoir heart of hearts, blush for the part they aro taking, would concede tho rights of tho Colony for ipoaco-sake. They would accept of any compi omise, no matter how unfair to the Colony and' to our children, if only they could thoieby get quit of <i troublosomo business. But tho Company's Manager and tho Deputation have not found a raid on the Treasury so easy as they expected. On both sides tho Island a portion of tho Press has been true to Tasmania. Apart from tho great blunder of submitting a case to Counsel into which thoy'wero led by tho ATTORNET-GENEUAL in Mr. REIUKY'S Adminis- tration, this Government,!» wcro its predecessors, havo proved firm ; and among our Members of Parliament, as well in the Assembly as in the Council, tho Colony has ever found true and warm defenders against tho insidious devices of the Company j and to this day thoir will to do battle for Tasmania is as strong as over, thoir strength in tho Colony's causo ¡is unabated, and thoir names will livo' in tho momory ' of a grateful pooplo when the importance of tho present striigglo is calmly reviowod. It is gratifying1 amidst ' so' much defec- tion to know;that tho best interests of the Colony, will not bo surrendered at* discretion by nil entrusted with their defence ; and wè roly with natural confidence on the wisdom and firmness of Ministors. , The , issue is in thoir hands, and this day in tho As- sembly wo trust, they will acquit themsolvcs like mon. "Thoy havo takon their stand sup- ported ' tty V majority in the Assoinbly, and if they .maintain that stand they will ¡-find such a largo mcasuro of support in the Legislative Council as, ovcu should the tactics and alluro nicnts of tho Company prove strong enough to socmc a majority in tho Assembly for Mr. DOUGLAS' most mischievous,'and, for him, most inconsistent motion,,would warn that gontleman, or any others for whom ho may propnro the way for office, that when they i outer on. thoir duties they noud not look forward to being ablo to either alluro or cooroo tho Legislativo Council. That Chamber; as interpreted in the proposod preamble by Mr. INNES, ovidontly gives but a reluctant assont to tho concessions already made by Ministers, and as evidently will not go boyond the proposal in tlio Bill now before it ¡ and Mr. DOUGLAS and tho Deputation whoso auxiliary ho has so unexpectedly become, may, perhaps find that thoy have overshot tho mark, and in seeking what a weok ago Mr. DOUGLAS would havo joined us in describing as a shadow, may porhnps loso the substance. -In tho face of that motion wo shall not bo surprised if tho Council to-day show a less conciliatory spirit, and refuse to vote tho sum recommended in the opinion of English Counsel, unless that opinion is strictly ndhoi ed to, and the money is aecopted as in full of all existing demands. Had Govern- ment takon that decidod stand, tho proba- bility is that tho Deputation would havo had less hopes of successfully pressing further demands.. That opportunity has been let slip in the Assembly, but it is not too late for the Legislative Council to BCÍZO it¡ and Mr. DOUGLAS daros this among other risks which ho runs in pressing his motion for conceding a portion of tlio sipii planned forillo Evandalo train service. Tliero was'yostorday láid'on the tablo qf'tho Assombly a continuation of tho correspondence between tile Government and tho Colony's Bankers in London, which scatters to tho winds tho denials made on tho part of tho directors of tho Railway that thoy nearly dofoatod the floating of our last loan, and altogether dofeatod its settlement and quotation on -the jStock Exchange. Tho manager of tho Consolidated Bank, in a lotter dated 5th July last, after narrating tho proceedings at an interview tlio Bankers, Mr. Frsii, and Mr. SHEWAUD had had with' tho' Oonrmittoo of tho Stock Exchange, wrote Mr. GIBLIN : " Wo wore then roquostod to retire. After a short delay wo wore recalled, and tho Chairman of the Committeo informed us, without assigning any reason or affording any explanatory information, that the Comniittoo had decidod to postpono tho settle- ment and quotation of the Loan. Tho result, which wo communicated to you in a tclogram of the 11th ultimo, was of courso solely and entirely duo to the opposition raised hy the representa- tives of tho Tasmanian Main Lino Railway." This is the testimony of an impartial witness entirely outside tho iufluenco of our local politics ; and it is to this Company that we ' aro asked to mako further concessions. Tho aid wo gonorously gave thom when thoy w oro without sufficient funds to pay oven euri ont outlays, has boon usod against oursolros, and now Mr. DOUGLAS is to ask us to yiold' yot another demand. If the lion. Member for Fingal thinks that ho is thus pouring coals of fire on tho head of tho Company, ho will live to find his mistake Givo thom what ho proposos, and thoy will sook something olso. Thon givo (horn that, and yet another demand will spring up Tho claim for consequential damages and losses alleged to havo been sustained through tho Colony's rofupal to pay intorcîl will be the next ball fired at us. But wo reit, not our opposition to tho proposal of Mr. DOUGLAS on the ungracious «ouduot of tho Company in tho past, or because of probable further demands on the part of the Company. Wo quote Mr. DOUGHS before ho fell into tlio toils of the Company against that Mr. DOUGLAS who is now the fellow-labourer, the ally, and confederate of him, whom, a slioit ion days ago, ho spoke of as the creature of tho Company. Speaking on the 3rd instant of Mr. HKHIEY'S speech on behalf of the Company, and condemnatory of Government for not having made a definite and final settlement with tho Company, Mr. DOUGLAS H reported to have thus referred to Mr. REIBE* * speech : " After all what did it all amount to ? It amounted to this, that if the Government lind conceded the whole of the loquirements of the deputation the Government would have done right. Mr. Reiboy had said that unless the Government could agree with the deputation they would never have his confidence, and that being the starting point, they must agree to all the requirements of the deputation in order to agree with them, because there could not be an agreement without two parties-the deputation on the one hand, and the Government on the other. The hon. member for Central Hobart had followed the same line of argument, for he said that if the Government did not agree with tho deputation, members on that side of the House would have nolcou fidence in them. But was not this absurd? Must not the Government go by one of two things, either go by the opinion they had taken, or cost it aside ; and how could the Government cast it aside ? As an individual he paid no attention to that opinion." And after giving his reasons for his low esti- mate of that opinion, Mr. DOUGLAS went on to say, and we ask his special attention to this : "He thought that tho Government, in ita duty to the community, could not make a fairer pro- posal than it had done. They offered to pay the company the interest from the month of November, the time when they had completed their contract. The Leader of the Opposition turned round and said to the Government, ' If yon do not comply with the terms of the deputation, out of office you go. . . . Was not the lender of the Opposition trying to put tho deputation in,a wrong position ? In elfect ho veiy quietly said to them 'increase your demands, because if you do not I will come to the end of my journey.' Was ever anything so deti ¡mental to tho interests of the colony ? Ho hoped that if anyone had any confidence in the lion, member, that confidence would be lost when his speech went through the land, because he was tho creature of tho deputation. He had thrown himself into their arms." And Mr. DOUGLAS is now following tho ox ample ho then so strongly doprecatcd. Ile has thrown himself into the arms of the Company. Ho is sacrificing all public confidence in him. He has allied'himself with Mr. REIHEY in saying to Ministers : " Unless you comply with the wishes; of the deputation, out you go." The lion. Member for Selby, Mr. JUST, who yester- day, till iho ' SFEAKER applied a stopper, showed a tendency to be as brisk and frothy as tho champagne of Colonel GREY at Launceston on Monday last, told Ministers thoy deserved a vote of -want of confidence because they had not effected a final settlement. > This was but what Mr. REIBEV had said, and in answering him in the speech from which we have quoted, Mr. DOUGLAS said : "When that lion, member used the expression that nothing could be done until the deputation and the Government agreed, he spoke of impossibilities, and it was not right to place this House in the position of creating impossibilities." Perhaps Mr. JUST and Mr. DOUGLAS may to-day show how that impossibility is to be overcome. If thoy aro successful in that, wo aro inclined to believe Mr. DOUGLAS will find it utterly impos- sible to reconcile his position to-day with his concluding words on the 3rd inst. The Colony may well take its stand on the position Mr. DOUGLAS then thus took up : " If the deputation would not tako theso terms let them go into Court. That is where he should like to see the matter go, and then let it go home on appeal, and let the company have every farthing if they were entitled to it, but do not let them sneak away and try to damage the credit of the colony on the Stock Exohange." The course of Ministers and of all true friends of Tasmania that is threatened by thoso entrusted with the protection of her interests, was laid down by Mr. GIBLIN when Mr. DOUGLAS gavo notice of the motion he threatens to submit to- day. Tho PREMIER then said : " Tho money was either duo or it was not due. The Government had taken a cei tain stand in the matter which they believed they were honestly light in taking. ' They had submitted a case for opinion, had obtained that opinion, and wore prepared loyally to abide by it, although it differed from all previous ad- vice that the Government had had. They recognised that opinion, and would bow to it. . . . If hia hoti. friend pressed the motion, he would feel bound to resist it,'and he hoped the House would not commit the colony in the way that lion, gentlemen pioposed. We have extended our remarks to greater length than wo could liavo wished. But the gravity of tho occasion demands it of us, and we may not conclude without appealing to Mr. DOUGLAS as a friend of tho Colony, and as hither- to, a wann and consistent supporter of the Ministry, andan unflinching exposer of the Oppo- sition whoso game ho is now playing. We ask him in all seriousness, if the interests of the Colony aro to bo sacrified, and its good namo draggedintho dust, by an admission that we havo withheld from tho Company moro than Counsel think thom entitled to, is it fitting that ho should bo the one to do the Colony this grievous wrong ? If Ministers aro to bo driven from the stand thoy havo taken under the opinion of Counsel ; if a vote which we regard as equal to ono of want of' confidonco ; which Ministors in effect said they would accept as such, and which Mr. JUST yesterday said would bo intended as such, is to bo pro- posed, is Mr.' DOUGLAS the man to bo the father of sucli a motion i Ho, in tho speech from which- wo havo so freely quoted, twitted tile Opposition with inconsistency. But 'what would bo theirs, compared to his Í He is not justified in overlooking the fact, that many rogard him in this matter as in collusion with Ministers, and doing their bidding while affect- ing to dictate to them. Even Members of Par- ' liamont freely oxpress thomsolvcs as of this ' opinion. Mr. DOUGLAS may convince them to tho contrary. But not so tho Country. If ho persist with his motion, ho will do much towards destroying public confidonco in Ministors who with himself M ill be by many regarded as tricksters and schemers. Ho is placing himself and Ministers in a falso position. There is only ono honourable modo of getting out of it, and that is to abandon it motion so inconsiderately sub- mitted. <' If -ho do not, Ministers can have only one course Tho success of his motion acqùicsc'od in by thom, would cover thom with otornal dis- grace. As Ministers their usefulness would be gone, their career run. They havo done their best to effect a settlement. Thoy have jn-opoBcd liberal terms, and ithoy must regard any attempt to extoit othors as a voto of want of confidonco. Thus only can thoy maintain their honour and dignity, if the vote of tho Assembly is against thom, and tho dofection of ovon one or two supporters going over to a united opposition phalanx .eagerly pursuing party purposes, may offect'this. But Mr. DOUGLAS need not just yet bo called on to form, or aid in forming, a now Ministry. Let Ministers appeal to tho Country. Thoy could not do so on a question moro likoly to rouse a true patriotic spirit. We mistake very much if tho voice of tho constituencies of Tasmania does not proclaim that tho Govern- ment have conceded as much as thoy ought, with duo regard to the interests of the Colony, to con- codo. Mr. DOUGLAS should bo made to clearly understand that there will bo an appeal from Parliamont to the Country. THE ENGLISH MAIL.-Tho Assam anchored in Hpbsop's Bay y cstoi day morning at S o'clock, and the Dorwent with tho Tasmanian mails on board left at 10, passing Port Phillip neads at 2 p.m. Thoio can bo littlo doubt, therefore, that the Derwent will reach Launceston to-day before tho departure of the express train, in which caso there will bo a delivery at tho Post Odico window hero about 10 o'clock this evening. . . i . THE KANGAROO POINT FERRY.-A deputation, consisting of Messrs, D. Stanfield, Jas. Young, and P. Buchmau, waited upon the lion, tho Minister of Lands and Works yesterday for tho purposoiof urging upon him the desirability .of reduoing the tariff charged for ferrying, and to provide that tile steamer should make ten trips daily (oxcept on Sundays) throughout tho year instead of only four or fivo, as hithoi to. The desirability of connoctiug tho eastern part of tho colony with the city by a bridge was also suggested. Tho Minister of Lands promised favourable consideration of all tho recom- mendations, respecting the tai-ifi" and number of trips, when preparing for the service for 1S70, but said that the Government were not prepared to under- take tho construction of a bridge, which would cost from £80,000 to £100,000. He would lay tho claims before his colleagues, and communicato the result to the deputation. THE LATE MR. MORTON ALLPORT.-Out of respect to tho memory of this gentleman, and also to allow hon. members the opportunity of being present at tho funeral this afternoon, both Houses, at their rising yesterday, adjourned till 7 o'clock this evening, Tho remains of tho deceased will be interred in tho Quccnborough Cemetery. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN PASIOHAI, AND AGRICUL- TURAL Socir.rv.-Among tho subsciiptiona received by this Bocicty is a choque for -C5, his usual dona, tion, from His Excellency tho Governor, who takes groat inteicst in tho socioty. His Worship tho Mayor, also with his customary liberality, has con- tributed a similar amount. STEALING PLAN n.-Mrs. Smith, residing in Colvillo-stioet, olf Now Town Road, reported at the Polico Station, on Tuesday, that from 20,to 30 choice flower plants wore stolen from her gardon. This is not tho first larceny of the kind that has occurred recently. THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-There was only a light notice paper in the Legislative Council ycster dav, and it was disposed of boforo C o'clock. The Rural Polico Rate Bill was read the third time and passed. Tho Council's amendment of the Hospital Bill, qualifying retiring mcmbers_ of the board for immediate re-election, instead of on expiry of 12 months as approved of by the Assembly, was insisted upon, and a committee appointed to dra« up reasons for the same. The petitions in connection with the Presbyterian Chuich Bill, presented on the previous day, were ordered to bo printed. Mr. Innes' motion in reference to the alleged promise of the late Premier, that the arrears of guaranteed interest on the Main Line Railway would bo paid if the opinion of the English counsel were adverse to tho colony, elicited the reply from the Colonial Secretary that Mr. P. 0. Fysh had been'written to for information upon the Bubjeet. The hon. gentleman further ex- plained that Mr. Fysh received no commission or written instructions to represent the colony in England upon the railway question, but was requested to watch the interests of the Go- vernment, and afford whatever information might be desirable. Mr. Crowther's ' motion, relative to tho making known Mr. Clark's report, was withdrawn, after the mover was'shown to have discovered a mare's nest. The Council adjourned till 7 o'clock this evening in order to enable lion, members to attend tho late Mr. Moreton Allport's funeral. > HOUSE or ASSEMBLY.-Petitions were presented yesterday by Mr. Douglas, from landholders and ratepayers of tho Glamorgan and Cornwall Road districts, for a reduction of the voting power for municipalities and road trusts ; and by Mr. Reibey, from J. W. Kirwan, late Police Magistrate, re- specting his retiring allowance. Sovcral notices of motion were given, and papers were tabled by 'tho Colonial Treasurer and tho Minister of Lands. Mr. Douglas asked tho Premier to fix a time for the dis- cussion of his motion for payment to the Railway Company of £10,838 GB. Sd., further interest. The Premier deprecated the discussion of tho notice, especially as it might jeopardise the passing of tho Railway Interest Bill, now before tho Legislative Council. Atalaterperiod of the evening Mr. Douglas gave notice that he wouldmove to-day that the motion have precedence. Two messages were brought down from the Legislative Council, one notifying the pass- ing of tho Rm al Police Act Amendment Bill, and tho other returning the Bankers' Bill, with-cortaiu amendments agreed to, and insistiug on the amend- ment to section 8 and the schedules. The message to bo taken into consideration to-day. The Mili- tary Discipline Bill was read a second time, con- sidered in committee, and reported ; the amend- ments to bo taken into consideration to-day. The Public Works Act Ameudmeut Bill was considered in committee and a long discussion took place, Mr. Whitehead, aftor strongly objecting to, the bill, moved' that the chairman leave tho chair, which'was negatived by 14 to 11. The bill was alteied, and reported with amendments to be considered to-day. On the motion of tho Colonial Treasurer, the Wrecks Enquiry Act Amendment Bill was read a second time after an amendment by Mr. Belbin that tho bill be read that day six months. To be com mitted to-morrow. Mr. Hodgson, by leave, tabled a notice for an address to the Governor to cause £50 to be placed on the Estimates for 1879 for the main- tenance of tho Risdon Ferry. Tho House adjourned at 10*35 till 7 o'clock this evening, on the motion of the Colonial Treasurer. CBUEL TREATMENT.-Yesterday an incident took place that says little for our humanity, however much it mayspcalc of our red-tapcism and adhérence, to rule when any deviation would cost trouble. At one o'clock, as people were passing and re-passing to dinner, a boy was seen emerging from the hos- pital Kate with one of his arms in splints of a decidedly rude and primitivo character. Ile may havo probably'nambered some niño or ton summers, though feebleness of body, betokening a minimum of nourishment, wonld have led a casual observer to deduct two or three years from tho age we havo stated. Unfriended and alono he had conic from five miles beyond Kangaroo Point, where he had fallen from a tree and broken his arm. But why thus alone? Misfortune would, seem to have singled out the family. Somo time ago the father was disabled by a gun shot, a biothcr has bcon twice rescued from th" effects of snake bite, and misoiably poor, the family enjoy the shelter of a hut on tho Richmond Road. Fiom tho hut yesterday carne the little suûcicr. They could aparo no one to accompany him. Ho ¡wos/ admitted to the hospital, had tho broken arm placed in splints. Footsore, weary, and tiled, he was turned outside tho gate. It was no one's business to care what came of the weak disabled child, and well did the hospital authorities discharge their duty of iudiffeicnce and inhumanity. Tho little fellow staggered a few paces along, and then leant against the wall. Tho sympathy of children uko himself drow a littlo knot of them about hiin, and thus attracted the attention of others, aud by and by a small crowd occupied the footpath, The chcum stances became known. Indignation was loudly expressed. There is a cab-stand near, and on one of the much abused cabbies hearing the ciicum stanccs, ho volunteered to drive the child to the Kangaroo steamer. A few shillings were contributed chiefly by thOBo whoso appearance showed thoy could ill-afford it. Wo do not know the name of the cabman who, when offcied, lcfused to accept payment ; but on tho back of the ear was painted the name "Louisa," and the owner's name "G. Latham." Tho driver forfeited his placo as first on tho stand, and instead of driving at the usual pace, walked his horse to the wharf lost hy the jolting of tho car, the little follow might be mado to suffer pain. Should any one think tho cabman deserves any recognition of his humanity, or the child or his family any assistance in their distress, wo shall bo glad to forwwd 'any donations that tho charitablo may contributo. AVo express no condemnation of the Hospital medical stall' or authorities. Perhaps the rules made no provision for any thing but the operation of setting tho broken limb. But sniely, in the name of a common humanity, some discretion might bo exorcised. If such a feeble, sickly boy could not bo rotaiucd in tho Hospital for a few days, a gatekeeper, messenger, or other person might have been sont with the boy to tho steamer, instead of turning lum.adrift at the gate of the Hospital. ' . REGATTA COMMITTEE.-The first meeting of the Executive Committee of the Hobart Town Regatta, was held last night in thoBird-iu-Haud Hotel, when there wero pi esont Messrs. Dowdell, MncMillan, Haylo, Gill, G. S. Chapman, John Turner, Mitchell, and'O'Boylo. (lion, seo.) Mr. Dowdoll was elected, chairman. On the suggestion of the trcasuier (Mr. MaoMillan), _ it was decided to abolish the practico of presenting tho prizes in sovereigns >on tho regatta ground. Tho settlement of a course Ho bo adopted for tho presentation of prizes was1 dofonod for tho prosent, The programme for the ensuing season was discussed at considerable length, and it was eventually decided to postpone the matter for a fortnight. The meeting then closed. ' Wo are requested to stato that the committee would' bo glad to receive suggestions from, any one with regard to the programme. ' i THKATRTB ROYAL.-For somo .reason known only' to the management, that really excellent comedy Baby was withdrawn, after having been played twice, and last night the Octoroon was put on the stage. There is perhaps no play which has in recent' years been represented more frequently at this theatre r than the Octoroon. It Jms been in tlio repertoire of every professional co'mpany,'and every amateur dramatic club, and tho publio havo there- fore becomo thoroughly acquainted with it, and know well how' it should be produced. Those who saw tho drama last night must, however,, have been enlightened a little. Even allowing for' the fact that managers and performers var} in tho manner in which plays! are placed boforo nn audience, the variation last night was undoubtedly rather moro than tho most lenient critic would allow to be justifiable. That'this waa not inten- tional we believe ; but it does not alter tho fact, and wo mo bound to record it. Given a number of porformers who havo a very slight knowledge of tho text, aud who floundered through their parts in the most painful and ludicrous fashion ; a prompter apparently in the initiatory, stago of his study of that important duty ; assistants who allow the cut tain to ! fall in the middle of-an exciting scone, and are guilty of other similar bungies ; and a very poor mise en scène, a fíiint'idca may bo obtained of the manner in which the Octoroon was represented list night. In some parts the piece was simply burlesqued, and where there was a passablo acquaintance with the text, the acting was bolow mediocrity. The only redeeming feat uro of the production was the "Zoo" of Miss Logrand, who pourtrayed tho chaiactcr faith- fully, and well deserved the applauso which was awarded her offorts. As to Mr. Wheatlcigh's im- personation of "Salem Scudder," (it coitainly had the merit of originality ; bu t'a Yankee must bo a veiy poor eieature iudeed if he is no better than, that. Miss Sylvo3ter, as "Mrs. Peyton," recited as much as she could remo'mbor ; Mr. Byrn'o walkod through his part ! Mr. Barry looked too much like "Michael Peony " or "Haiuy Duff" to bo "Jacob M'Closky." Tho other characters, with the excep- tion of "Paul" (Miss Earl), and "Dora Sunny- side" (Miss Ilondeison), which wore fairly îen dorcd, call for no particular remark ; sulfico it to say that thoy wero all opon to improvement. Tho samo pieco is to bo played to- night, and if the management do not wish the representation to lie again inferior to that given by amateurs in this city, ' they will insist upon a careful rohearsal. If tho sorviccs of tho prompter aro loss requirod, the drama may lie produced in n passablo manner. COMI'LIMEN I'ARY CONCERT.-The Tasmanian Hall was crowded last night by those who wore desirous of paying a parting tributo to Mr. Robert Young, who has frequently rendered valuablo assistaueo at entertainments given for beuovolcnt pin poses, both in town and country, and who will shoitly leave this for Holbourne. It is well known that it is in comic singing that ho oxcels ; aud the manner in which ho acquitted himself last night demonstrated plainly that ho had fairly earned somo publio mark of approval for his p.ist sei vicos, and tho reception ho mot at his valcdietoiy entertainment proves that ho has made muny fiiumls. Whilo, however, wo fool ho will bo greatly missed hore, we know our loss will bo somebody else's gain, for ho is a host in himsolf in the ontci tainmonts in which ho takes part. Last cvouing's entertainment was conducted by Mr. H. M. Stoinbach, who, with Mr. F. A. I'ackor, ably performed tho duties of acoompanyists., 'Several well-known lady and geutlomau amateurs con tributed to the evoning's entertainment by rendering songs very efficiently, encores being so frequent as to lengthen the programme considerably. Mr. SleinbachV rendering of "When other lips" is particularly deserving of mention, his sweet culti- vated voice giving a-lmirable effect to the author's idea of how that song should be sung. There weio two readings given; "A Christmas party," given by Mr. J. R. Betts, was not only given in that gentleman's masterly style, but ho again oxhibitcd tile wonderful powor of his memory by delivering it without any lefercnce to book or notes. On being encored, ho very hnmomoiisly recited au ex- traordinarily shortdramatic piece of about twolincs, Mr. Young sent theandicuco home in aright good humour by closing the programme with two or throe very comic songs, of which he seems to Lave an endless store. Wo must not omit to mention that, by the kindness of Mr. T. L. Hood, who lent one of Ina Lipp and Son's pianos for tho occasion, the success of the entertainment was greatly enhanced by the uso of such a supurb instrument, which is undoubtedly most admirably adapted For concert halls, its powerful aud deep tone answering the required purpose both in the piano and forte passages in a most xileasing'inauner. D'ABOY READ'S GHOST.-This entertainment was repeated last night before a large audience,including His Worship the Mayor and the Aldermen. Wo' need scarcely say that the performance passed off, as usual, very successfully, and that the audience went away delighted with the evening's entertain- ment. To-night the same programme will be re- peated. FOOTBALL.-A match was yesterday played on tho City ground between the juniors of the High School and City School, which resulted in a victory for the former by two goals to one. Tho first waa kicked by H. Evans for the High School and the second by L. Macleod, and the one for the City School by C. Lindley. The following played well for the High School, L. Macleod, H. Evans, M. Macleod, F. Pike, E. Scott, V. Burgess ; for the City School, J. Moore,, V. Ellis, A. White, G. Triiret and A. Aliwright. THE CABSTAND NUISANCE.-The police office case of Jlead v. Mead yesterday, further illustrates the necessity of strong repressive action on the part of tho authorities to abate the intolerable nuisance' caused by certain members of the car-driving fraternity, whose demeanour on certain of the stands is Buch as to suggest the propriety of weeding ont the poisistent breakers of the regula- tions, and depriving them of their licenses. Wo rofor to the report in another column, and tho remarks of the bench in reference to tho defendant aud others, who, if they have souse of dcooney, ought to take warning, and behave themselves in future. The amendment of the Police Act about to be pro- posed by the Attorney-Goncral will, if carried ont, partly meet tho case, as it will exclude some of tho youug ruffians from tho possibility of obtaining drivers licenses in future. THE LARRIKIN EI.EMEST.-Two young fellows pleaded guilty at the Polioo Court yesterday to having assaulted Constables Dorsctt and Delany. The defendants were making a great disturbance in a public street in broad day, and the constables endeavoured to persuade them to desist, which thoy disregarded, aud when arrested for breaking the pcaco resisted violently, kicking the constables, knocking thom (Town and otherwise illusiug them. The Magistrates, to mark their sense of the aggra- vated-charactor of the defendants' conduct, sen- tenced one of them, Charles Gannon, to pay a line of £3, and tho other, George King, £3, or in default te be sent to gaol for three mouths and two months respectively, It is tobe ícgrelted that tho powers of the Bench are not extended so as to order corporal punishment to be inflicted in such cases. The larrikin element is becoming an unbearable nuisance ; the use of tho most filthy Inn guage in fiequentcd thorouglifores, and tho unruly larking constantly going on in the streets, tell against the parental training, and tho future piospscts of the rising generation. RICHMOND.-The fifth anniversary of the Good Templar Lodge, Richmond, took place on Tuesday evoning, when upwards of two hundred poisons partook of a sumptuous tea at the Council Cham- ber. Afterwards a public meeting was held under the presidency of Rev. Mr. Tinning, in tho absence of the Warden. A number of visitors from Hobart Town attended, including Messrs. Arnold and Ellis, who, with Messrs. Wiight and Goodwin, addressed the meeting, Rev. B. Butchers was one of the deputation from town, but was obliged to leave before the public meeting, having received a tolegram with an intimation of the sick- ness of a relativo in V iotoria. The vocal and instru- mental part of the programme was sustained by II«, Cleary and family, tho Misses Clark, and Mrs. Robinson. Mr. Shipley gave a reoitation. The lodge was reported to bo in good working order, with numerous asccssions of members, and at a lodge meeting, held after tho publie meeting, ten initia- tions took place. BLAUK MARSH.-A shooting match of a very lively desciiption took place opposite the residence of Mr. William White, Hutton Park, last Saturday, and although the attendance was small there wero present some of the best shots of the Black Marsh, Lower Maishes, and Melton Mowbray, consequently the shooting was good throughout, although the wantof a proper programme and a permanent umpire M ore sorely felt. After a short delay tho sport com- menced with a sweep, which was decided after a closely contested match, hythe stakes being divided between Mr. William White and Mr. Bailey, of Melton Mowbray. Mr. Hord won the second event, a very valuable gun. The third event, a sweep, was won by Mr. Tate ; and Mr, William Wylie, of the Cape, was the winner of tho fourth event. This very pleasant day's sport was rendered amusing to the cluso by the frolics of "Bisdee Damper," an eccentric old bullock driver, and Jommy Iluff. the " under seven and over seven " adept. The shooting of J. Jones, J. Hart, William White, and Bailey and son was first class, ' MACQUARIE PLAINS SHOOTING MATCH. - The shooting match fora fat bullock, by olevon members at .-C1, came off at Gretna Green on Saturday last. Tho shooting was not so good as generally takes place at matches in this distriot, the bullock being won by Mr. Bleathman, he killing four out of five birds. Tho wus a largo attendance on tho ground, and, as thei'o were somo well-known crack shots contesting for tho prize, a good deal of interest was taken in the event. . There wore also several sweop stakp matches on the same day, and it is the inten- tion of Mr. Richards, the landlord of the "Gretna Oreen " Hotel, to havo a handsome silver cup, which together with a uwcepatako In money, as a seooud prize, to be shot for, should pi ove an inducoinont to gentlemen from other districts to compote with those of Macquarie Plains, Notice and particulars of the match will be given by advertisement in The I*¿Terellry. l , ? . . ? 