.TOSH BILLINGS ON BIRDS.' THE QUAIL. THE quail iz aj game bird, about one size bigger than the robin, and so sudden that 'they hum when they fly. They have no song, ;tbut^whiatle for music, the tune is solitary and sad. They are shot on the wing, and - a man may be good in arithmetic fuatrate at parsing, and even be able ,to preach acceptably, but if he ain't studied quail on the wing he might as well shoot At a streak of lightning in the sky aa at a quail on the go. Briled quail, properly supported with, jelleys and a Champagne Charlie, iz just the most difficult thing, in my humble opinion, tew beat in the whole hiBtory ov vittles and something to drink. I am no gourmand, for I kan eat bread and milk five days out ov seven, and smack my lips after I git thru, but if I am asked to eat bnlad quail by a friend, with j adiahous accompanyment, I blush, at fust, then bow my head, and then smile sweet acquiescence -in other words, Ialways quail before such a request. THE PARTRIDGE. The partridge iz also a game bird. Their game iz tew drum on a log in the spring ov the year and keep both eyes wide open, watching the sportsman. Partridges are Bhot on the wing, and are as easy to miss aa a ghost iz. It is phun enuff tew see the old bird hide her young brood when danger is near. This must be seen, it can't bo described, and make ennybody believe it. The partridge, grouse and pheasant are couiins, and either of them straddle a grid iron natural enuff to have been born there. Take a couple of young partridges and pot them down, and serve up with a kind of chorus, and they beat the ham sandwiches you buy on the Camden and Amboy Road 37£ per cent. I have eat these lamentable New Jersay ham sandwiches, and must say that I prefer a couple of basswood chips, soaked in mustard water, and stuck together with Spaulding'a glue. TEE aoaus. ,! The goslin is the old goose's yung child. They are yeller all over, and az soft az a ball of worsted. Their foot iz wove hole, and they kan swim az easy az a drop of kastotr oil on the water. They are born annually about the 15 th of May, and never waz known to die naturally. If a man should tell mfe he saw a goose die a natral deth, I wouldn't believe him. under oath after that, not even if he swore he had lied about seeing a goose die. The goose are different in one respect from the human family, who are aed tew grow -weaker and wiser, whereas a goslin alwus grows tuffer and more phoolish. I have Been a goose that they Bed was ninety-three years old last Jane, and didn't look an hour older than one that was only seventeen. The goslin waddles when he walks and paddles when he swims, but never dives like a duck out of sight in the water, bnt only changes ends. The food uv the gozlin iz rye, com, oate and barley, sweet apples, hasty pudding, succotaBh,andbiled cabbage, oooked potatoze, raw meat, wine, jelly and turnips, stale bred; kold hash and buckwheat cakes that aria left! over. ' - They ain't so particular as some pholks what they eat, won't git mad and quit'if they kant have wet toast and lam, chops evelry morning for breakfast. '' 