FUNNIiyiENTS. JOSH BILLraGS ON BIRDS- ' THE QUAIL. The quail ia ft game bird, about one sire bigr get thau the robin, and BO sudden that they hum ?when they fly. They have no song," bnt whistle for music, the tune is solitary and sad. They are shot on the wing, and a man may be good in arithmetic, fustrate at parsing, and even be able to preach acceptably, but i! ha ain't studied quail on the wing he might as well shoot at s streak of lightning in the sky as at a quail on the go. , , . ' . Briled quail, properly supported with jelleys and a Champagne Charlie; iz just the most difi cult thing, in my humble opinion, tew beat in the whole history of Tittles and something to drink. . I am no gourmand, for I kan eat bread and milk five days out or Beven, and smack my lips after I git thru, but if I am asked to eat briled quail by a friend, with judishous accompany* ment, I blush at fust, then bow my head, and then smile sweet acquiesence-in other "words, I always quail before such a request. TEB PARTRIDGE. The partridge iz also a game bird. Their game iz tew drum on a log in the spring or the year and keep both, eyes . wide open, watching the sportsman. Partridges are shot on the wing and are as easy to miss az a ghost iz. It is pbun enuff tew see the old bird hide her young brood when danger iz near. This must be seen, it can't be described, and make enny body beliere it. The partridge, grouse and pheasant aro cousins, and either of them straddle a gridiron natural enuff to hare been borne there. Take a couple of young partridges and pot them down, and serve up with a kind of chorus, and they beat the bam sandwiches you buy on the Camden and Amboy ^ Road 87$ per cent. X have eat these lamentable New Jersey ham sandwiches, and. must say that I prefer a couple of ba&swood; chips, soaked in mustard water, and stuck together with Spaulding's glU'3. THSoosinr. The goslin is the old goose's yung child They are yeller all over* and az soft az a ball of worsted. Their foot iz wove hole, and they kan swim az easy az a drop of kastor-oil on the water. They are born annually about the loth of May, and never waz known to die naturally. If a man should tell roe he saw a goose die a natural death, I wouldn't beliere him under oath after that, not even if he swore he had lied about seeing a goose die.. The goose are different in one respect from the human family, who are sed tew grew weaker and wiser, whereas a goslin alwus grows tuffer and more phoolish. I have seen a goose that they sed was 93 years old last June, and didn't loot an hour older than one that was only 17. The goslin waddles when ho walks and paddles when he swims, but never dives liko a duck out of sight in the water, but only changes ends. The food uv the goslin iz rye, corn, o^ts, and barley, sweet apples, hasty pudding, succotash andbiled cabbage, cooked potatoze, raw meat, wine, jelly and turnips, stale bred, koldhash and buckwheat cakes that are left over. They aint so particular as somo pholks what they eat, won't git mad and quit if they kunfc havo wet toast and lam chops every morning for breakfast. A Bai^boo* " CoitPAKioit."-Yourpattdw. ' $ ;A: GARDEN I' PARTY."-The gardener. j . ' "AWAWt"Spnmo."-AGeyior.^ "" THB BEST MAH IOR EUOLAKD.-" Man " the Wary! ? THE TEST AND COUP ORATION ACT.-Weighing the corpulent. ,i:,.. CONCLUSIVE Piiooro? THB YABXTI ot WOHLT, -" Vain is the ' help1 of mail." ' . EVERY man is a free moral agent,: and: in addition thore an book agents. ? : . SEHrntENTAi, young grammarians art vety apt to parse " love " as a " flue- night vorb." AK Iowa baso-ball dob oalls Itself " Tht Gong," beoauso it always gets boat.' HOETICULTORAI.-Something to bear in mind when the rose season comes on.-A th'om in the bush is worth two in tho fingers. A QUACK doctor advertises to-this effwt: "Cough while you oan, for after you hare taken one bottle of my mixture yon can't." Ax "old maid" of Hoboken asks, "Who ever saw a man kind?" The Phikidpiit EuIUtin aaka," Who ever saw a lamb-chop F" The Hfilen Ololt asks, " Who oyer saw a hair dye t" . 'EAED os 'AHPSTBAD 'EATH.-« And talk of our bpin' be'ind the French in general odica tion, why all I can say is as it's the commonest thing in Paree^- for instanoe (over fust-class restorongs, too, mind yer), to see 'dinner' spelt' with only one' n'1"-Punch. . NICE.-Bertie, aged seven (to Anntie, who has been staying on a visit): " I'm glad you're goingto-t*ay, Auntie." Auntie: 'Are yon, my dear-and why?" Bertio:; "Becaiiia Claude' sayB you're sure to give ui some thing." . CATJSB POB QBATrruna.-We Bee it stated that a Bailor has lost a couple of fingers wkile tackling a cask of beer. He may think him self fortunate. Under similar circumstances men have lost their Ugs. AMERICAS papers say that Edison, the in. ventor, has perfected a foghorn that can be "heard ten miles; but when it comes to an invention for getting his hired girl up in the morning,'he smiles sadly and falls to musing on theinfinite. Art old dirkey was endeavouring to explain his unfortunate condition. "You. see, re marked Sambo," it was in this way as far as I can remomber: Fust my fadder died"den my modder married agin; and den my mudder died, and den my fadder married agin; and somehow I doesn't seem to have no parents at all, nor no home, no nuffin." , NOT SO FAS Goms.-At the breaking up of a dinner party two of the company fell down Btairs, one tumbling on the first landing place, the other to the bottom. It was observed that the first seemed dead drank. " Yes," laid a wag, " bnt he is not so far gone as the gentle* man below." A. CLIROTKAK, having been inducted into a living in Kent,' took occasion during his firit sermon to introduce the word " optics." At the conclusion of the service a farmer who was present thanked him for his discourse, hut intimated that he had made a mistake in one word, softening down the severity of the cri ticism by saying, " We all know very well, sir, what you meant." On the clergyman making further inquiries about the word, the farmer replied: "What you call hopsticfa, in this part of tho country we call hop-pples." ? A MINISTER was riding through a section of tho State of South Carolina, where enstom for bade innkeepers to take pay from the clergy who stayed with them. The minister in ques tion took supper without prayer, and ate break - fait without prayer or grace, and was about to take his departure when " mine host"; pre sented his bilL " Ah, sir," said he, " I am a clergyman!" 1" That may be," responded Boniface, " but you came here, smoked like a sinner, ate and drank like a sinner, and slept like a sinner ; and now, sir, you shall pay like a sinner." A RHODE Inland legislator, who took the ground.that it was no advantage to have the people understand the laws, said that they were not afraid of anything they understood; that it was the Latin words they were afraid of, and proceeded to illustrate his position as follows:-J' Mr. Speaker, there was a man ia South Kingston twenty years ago who was a perfect nuisance, and nobody knew how to get rid of him. ' One day he was hoeing corn,'and he saw the Sheriff coming with a paper, and asked what it was. Now if he had told him it was a writ, what would he have cared P Bnt he told him it was a capiat ad tatu/acitnium, and the man dropped his hoe and ran, and has not been heard of since. 