PAPAL REQUIEM IN DUBLIN. FATHER BUKKE ON PIUS IX. {Concluded.) Behold him upon his deathbed, a3 he turned those dying but fearless eyes of his and spoke with that unfaltering voice—the crown of the temporal empire had fallen from his brows, but the other crown re mained, of which it is written — ' Thou shalfc be a crown of glory in the hands of the Lord and the diadem of the Kingdom of God.' But his temporal crown has gone, and the sceptre of St. Peter stricken from hio hand. And before him stood a mighty figure, an emperor at the head of countless legions, Hushed with glory ; a man before whose nod all Europe was standing trembling ; a man in whose eyes all the nations could read their own destinies ; a man who holds, as he holds, peace or war, destruction of life to thousands in the palm of his hands ; a man no one dared to confront ; one man alone rebukes him, convicts him of his treachery, and puts his falsehoods before the whole world, and that man is tho old dying Pius the Ninth. He not only governed tho Church of God, taught the Church of God, but ho fought for tho Church of God, and lib name will go down, not merely with the tiara of jurisdiction— aye, but with the higher crown of life-long martyrdom on his brows. He loved tho Church with all the ardour of his great, tender, virgin heart ; he loved the Church and the splendour of her glory. He might well say with David — ' I loved, O Lord, the beauty of Thy house, and the place where Thy glory lies.' How well ho showed his love for the Church of God in the assiduous labours of so long a Pontifi cate, in the delight and joy of his heart when be saVi? cardinals and bishops of the Church of God and the faithful children of the Church gathered around him ! Of Jesse, the high priest of old, it is written in his praise, and as the sign of his sanctity and love for the Church, that he delighted to see around him all the sons of Aaron ; and so with Pius the Ninth. Wow, to canonise a saint ; again to celebrate the eighteenth century of the first great Pope ; again, to take counsel for the affairs of tho Church, Pius the _ Ninth, loved to call hia brothers around him, loved to soe them around him, ho towering above on Ms throne, as the cedar planted by the side of running waters. Oh, how he loved the Church of God ! Ho gave a great and a wise aud a deep proof of that love. He knew that Mary, the Mother of Jesus Christ,, was the most powerful of all creatures ; her knew that Her voice re* sounded, not without a tone of maternal command, where every other voice was but the humble whisper of a suppliant. He knew that; she had claims such as xio other creature could have upon God, and because he loved the Church he proclaimed Mary's glories, and he placed the whole Church' of Uod under Her peculiar protection in the mystery of the Immaculate Conception. How he loved the Church I One of the devotions flowing out of the mystery of the Incarna tion yefc required to bo developed. To bring that mystery in its fulness, in its greatness, in all the heights of its mystic feeling, he brought all the abundance of its graces home to every heart in the devotion of tho Sacred Heart. Out; of that wonderful Incarnation four great lights— two of them appertaining to Jesus Christ Himself, one to the truth, of His Divinity ; the second, the truth of His humanity, which was assumed into the God head. The other two great lights that came forth from the Incarnation are the position of Mary, His Mother, and the position of Peter, His Vicar, both relating to Him in virtue of that humanity. The Church of God. took thought for the defence of His Divinity in the Coucil of Nice, the Church of God defended His humanity in the Fifth General Council. Mary's position in rela tion to Him as Mother was defended at Ephesus, and there remained only the great dogmatic language of the Church of God which made Mary fit to be declared Queen of the Church. This was the definition of the Immaculate Conception which was de» clared by Piua the Ninth. The fourth light that streams forth from the Incarnation 13 the perpetuity of that headship, visible before men in the throne of Peter, and the glory of this definition was reserved for Pius the Ninth. Oh, how he loved the Church 2 His heart was weighed with age ; many a winter and stormy year had passed over his venerable head ; his heart, so loving, was bruised and broken by ten thousand acts of ingratitude ; hia strong, natural sense of sight, was outraged by ten thousand forms of xtational as well as individual treason and and falsehood. What sustained him — what made him pass beyond the mystic years of Peter the first Pope that ever crossed the sacred boundary? What sustained him during the seven years of his eaforced im» prisonment in the Vatican ? What upheld him amid amid so many treasons? The same principle that enabled the Son of God to outlive the hours of agony on the Ooss-= the same principle that enabled Mary to stand, and, without dying, to witness the awful agony of her Son. Every other passion, every other influence, every other power—all fades away before death. At the sight of death the successful man forgets his honours. At the sight of death the victor, ever flushed with triumph, weeps when he beholds through how many waves of de struction he has waded on to glory. There is but one sentiment, one feeling, which the Holy Ghost declares to be as strong as death, and that feeling was love, it was his love for the Church, that fed his great heart, that was the consolation of his mind when every other consolation was gone, that enabled him to spend seven years of such trials that the. very fact of his outliving them so long made him the wonder of friends and enemies alike. And when ho was dying, and the very agonies of death were upon him, forth from his dying lips came the words to the car dinals around him, ' Guard the Church that I love.' Now, he is gone. On earth did he not witness much of the Church's glory. Other Pontiffs lived in different ages, and they saw the triumphs of the Church, some times in one country, sometimes in another. Pius the Ninth saw not its triumph any where ; every hand was raised against him ; every Government had turned upon him ; every element of the so-called progress of our day considered that it could not estab lish itself even as a scientific principle until it denied his position. And he passed away in the midst of these sorrows. But, oh, dearly beloved, what must have been his joy, as we hope and believe that joy is already his, when he beheld the glories of the Church triumphant, when he saw there all that he had already seen, exalted though he was, dimly as through the glass of faith, on earth ! Oh, what was his joy when every class of saint came forth to greet the great Pope ? The martyrs of Japan and Holland, whom he had canonized, rose up to meefc. St. Mary Alacoque, the victim of love in the Sacred Heart, rose up and headed the Holy Virgins, for he had beatified her ; St. Francis de Sales, and St. Alphonsus Leguori, who had received at his hands who was ap proaching heaven's gafea the bright aureole of their doctorship, they roso up to meet him. Mary, the Queen and Mother, met him who had proclaimed Her glorious title of tho Immaculate Conception. Peter and hia glorious following of crowned Pontiffs came fca meet him, every element of- inci dental glory heaven could administer seems to have been waiting him, and iu the Sacred Heart of Jesus, the devotion to which he had awakened in every land, he found the es sential glory of the beatific vision of the Lord. This we hope, this bo believe ; and looking back upon that glorious life, we have every reason to bo confident that he, who wes a father on earth, now eajoys endless glory with the Father in Heaven. The Church's sorrow, dearly beloved, must soon change to joy— the Church cannot remain long v/ithoufc her visible head ; she never remained for an. instant without her Invieible Head tho Church's council of the world will assemble in tbe halls of the raost venerable palace on earth — the Vatican. And there — thfi'o amongst those who will have to decide iho solemn and the grand question — there will 1 turn to the Irish race and thin poor down*? trodden people, there will they find a voice;, for, for the first fcime in any Papal Conclave docs history record, an Irish Cardinal goes out from Ireland to take a part in its deci sions, and. have a voi^e in the election of a Sovereign Pontiff. This also did he do m that love for his Church ; 'obis also did he do from the same love that prompted hiss to empty hia already scanty treasury that the people of Ireland, famine-stricken, migM be relieved and fed in their misery ; thin also did he do as a crowa and testimony oi love fclint he gave to Ms people, for one of bis latest utterances when he was approaching hia end was his answer to the Irish deptsta* tion when he said :-— ' in all my afflictions Ireland lias been always faithful to me. and has never deserted me.' Oh, Father, wherever Thy spirit is this day—whether, as we hops and believe, shining in the bright light of God, or, perhapo, expiating by o brief purgatory some little fault, 3omo little spot or stain that may be on his soul that . suffered so much-— wherever thou art, Pius the Ninth, the heart; of Ireland follows thee toaday in grief and mourning, and that Ireland which was so faithful to thee and thy predecessors before thee will await in joy the appearance of thy successor, and bow down in love at his feet ! 