SWS AJSTD NOTES. * It is not often that, hotels are as true to name as this. At a public house in Hibart Town, called "Help me through the world," a man, named O'Callaglian, drank himself to death in a few days. An extraordinary circumstance has been related to us. says the Ballarat Courier, of the truth of which there can be no doubt. ID S corner of the shaft of • the New •Eureka Company, at a depth of 170 feet, a live frog was found last week in solid sandstone. The frog was taken to the Eorface, and every effort made to keep it alire, but without avail. The woman Sircombe, who jumped from an upstairs window at the Phoenix hotel, Geeloug, a fortnight, ago is still in the gaol hospital, suffering from the injuries received by the fall. She will be brooght up at the local police court on Monday next, on a charge of attempted suicide. Onr Templestowe correspondent writes —"The recent flood in the Yarra. -ha dane very considerable damage from this placc downwards. The ploughed soil in lojny of the paddocks has been swept away, and a layer of mud deposited in its siead. The fences have been carried a*ay, and the maize crops have been laid fiat on the ground. The farmers and dairymen fortunately have their home steads built a good distance from the liter and they are consequently safe. The cattle and horses that were grazing onthn river paddocks were carried long distanzes down the stream, and a good many are missing. Mr Dowd, a dairyman doing a large business midway between Templestowe sad Heidelberg, has lost four faonses; and s horse .with saddle and bridle on, the owner of which iś not known, has been found in one of his paddocks. It is feared that the rider tuast po e have perished." Age A telegram from JVew Zealand states that l rather Jfewbany, Catholic Missionary, preaching at Knmara, denounced marriage lietween Catholics and Protestants as tantamount to adultery. There has been orach domestic misery and. social commotion in consequence. The Age correspondent, writing ion Monday night say® -.—Scarlet fever , is still among us, and there seems reason to suppose that it is much more prevalent than the authorities are aware of. One very strange strape feature presente itself in connection with the scourge. The contaminating poison seems to' lurk in. localities completely isolated from" the noxious odors of the town. Instances could be cited where the fever is raging in houses far removed from any populous locality, and where, the air łtóng fresh and pure, and the drainagB perfect, no apparent predisposing .causes ejust. According to the Pleasant Creek 3 r e<cg, an. occurrence which at present bears a moń mvsterous aspect, was reported at the police station between seven and • eight o'clock ion Thursday evening; A man, named Halls, who lives near Cock's slaughteryard, .stated to Senior-constable Harty, Siat Ac same evening, while it was raining, a roan peanie towards his house from =the bush, iaving 310 other garment but a pair of trousers. -Saying to Halls, "Have I the legs and arms of a donkey f - or words to that effect, the singular wing made off at a rapid pace in the Erection of the Deep Lead. The jioliee :have instituted inquiries, without* £0 far, łneeiang With any success. JHs'UiDO^il That &e; man fenens. mpst The Chief Secretary has .communicated with the Sonth Australian 'Government asking them to fix the date for the folding of the conference in Melbourne relative to the duplication of cable communication with Europe, but up to Monday no reply was received. Colonel Glover, the agent of one of the companies' interested - in the extension.of cables, lias had interviews withMrBeriy; and also Mr Audley Cońte, the representative of another cablelaying company, but the Premier can take no steps in the matter pending the decision of the conference. It is believed that New South Wales and Queensland will send representatives. The dead body of afully developed male infant was discovered by a lad named Scott iu a culvert in Brougham-street, Ballarat, on Monday afternoon. Foul play is suspected, and the police hare the mutter in hands. The Age Ballarat correspondent writes: —A. row over the Clunese question seems imminent at Haddion. A number of Chinamen have been put on to work at the No. 2 Reform Companj 's claim, and this has arousćd the ire of the Europeans of the district, who are determined, it is stated, to prevent further employment of the Mongolian, and will, if neccssary, raise sufficient force iu the district to carry out their views. Meanwhile the latest news states that the Chinese already engaged at the Reform Company's worts are proceeding without interruption with their occupation. The miners working at Dyke's Freehold (says the Crestcicfc Advertiser) behaved very handsomely to the widow of the unfortunate man Jeremiah Ryan, whose sudden death took place recently, by at once voting her £20 out of the accident relief fund. It was purely an act of liberality on the part of the men, as she had • no claim on the fund. Several escapes (says the Beiuiigo Inde pendent) tonk place during the flood at Sandhurst on Friday night One of the bank managers unconsciously walked into the cellar of the City Family hotel, which was full of water, but was quickly rescued, after a good ducking. Mr T. Ash, of High-street, was, about midnight, stand-, iug on the wall of the creek at the rear of Mr Loridan's stores, when his son, who, was with him, drew his attention to the fact that the wall was giving way. He had only time to step back when the portion he had been standing on fell in with a crash. Another gentleman who had been busily engaged ill assisting to clear out his establishment, which had been flooded, fouud on tlie following morning a number of specks of gold in the mud adhering to hss boots. Further incidents of the flood are narrated by the Beiuiigo Advertiser :— " To counteract the effects of too much water on the night of the flood, numerous persons indulged rather too freely 111 heavy wets, and as a natural consequence, their vagaries were more amusing than instruct tive to onlookers. Opposite Crawford's hotel two men, outrageously drunk, fought fora considerable length of time with the water almost up to their knees, and their feet slipping in the slimy mud at every movement. Their efforts to punish each other were of very little avail, as every now and then both would sUp aod tumble bodily into the water, and roll over and over till they were covered with mud.. Another inebriate, in eudeaouring to cross the strongest part of the current, was nearly carried off his legs, but had sufficient sense to oling to a verandah post, where ne held on tiii rescued by the bystanders. The larrikin dement was in great force, and made themselves as unpleasant aa they usually do. Some half dozen of them tormented a poor Chinaman for a length of time, following him ar.d throwing mud and stones, till stopped by Bome better- disposed persons." A pleasing memento of the old country has just been received, ex: Chimborazo, by Sir J. Fitzgerald, of Fitzgerald Brothers, Bridge street, Ballarat, in the shape of a box of live shamrock, packed in beautiful moss, from the Hiil of Tara, countv Meath, Ireland. The shamrocks (save the Courier) are iu a splendid state of Reservation, considering, the long time since they were gathered. Mr Fitzgerald expected to have had real Shamrock for St Patrick's Day, 18/8, but he is disappointed owing to the late arrival of this supply ; but he hopes by care and attention to have an abundance for future celebrations, which no doubt will be gladly looked forward to by Hibernian friends. Messrs J. James, M.L.A., R- Macgregor, M.L.A., and Marcus Clarke have been appointed by the Chief Secretary as board to make a searching investigation into the causes of the late obtbreak. amongst the boys at the Pendridge Reformatory. Dr Bird, a well-known Collins street medico, was nearly killed on Monday morning at the corner of Toorak Road and Park street. The coachman who was driving him in his buggy unfortunately came into collision with a lamp-post The horse then took fright and bolted, and the vehicle was subsequently smashed to pieces. The doctor and coachman both fortunately escaped unhurt, ' The Gonlbnrh Herald gives the following ghost stoiy:—Lately there has been some e-oatement amongst the superstitious, numbers of whom go off in parties, with guns, &c.;, to the range above Stewart's garden, where there is an unfinished stone house. Hera an apparition is said to make its appearance in the form of alight, and to travel, sometimes very slowly, and fnequenQynp to, and around the house, then varying the per formańce by a ran among the trees. This i said to be kept up from an early hour in th evening nntil about three in the morning; a' ndeavours to get near tbS light.aie said t fntile. On Monday cveninga numbe of persons visited the vicinity, and agrou congregated osi Chnrcłi-hill to' 'view th ight, which it was said was, plainly visible though the distance is conraderable. The residents of the Old Township and near the range BIB. satisfied, that there is no practica joke about the affair. ' f . Berkeley, Sept. lS69."-Ge!itlemen I feel it a duty 1 owe you to express my gratitude for the creat benefit I have derived Ly taking «• Norton'® Camomile Klls.' : t applied to your agent, Mr Bell, Berkeley for the above named Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered exprnciating pain for a length o£timr>, having tried' neaxJy every remedy all;; Aftqr taking two bottles of your valuable pills Tiras quite restored to my usual state of health. - Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may thus be afflicted-—I am, Sir, yjura "truly, HXKBY ALLPASS—To the proprietors of NOBTO^S Caxokoj: PILLS. ADVICE TO MOTHEES '.—Are you broken 1 yourrest by asick child Bufieirogwiththepu oŁcntting teeth ; Go once to a chemin and get a bottle of MES IWDTSWIW'SSOOIH.; n,G KYBCT. It willrelieve the poor«nEerer immodiatdy. St is>3»erfec«y Laraleesand; jjleasant toiaste. at prodnces natural. qmet sleep, by relieving thechildfrom ęain, and the Httiech«rnb awultes f'as bnchtasaLnt-* ton:" H; soothes the child, it softens the «imE, allays aU pain, relieveswind, regulates the bowels, and^is the best known remedy tor dysentry and ianhtEa, better anringj • ••• • — i Mrs Winfrom Jeethmg or _ sWs Sootfing Syrup ssBtddbyMedirane dealers 1 eveiywLere at Is lid per feottfe. " CHARLES THE BALD,"—Was the monarch so named because he had no " heir apparent t" or fcimply from bis lack of " thatch ". for his head. If the latter, it is. pity he did not live in the age of Rowlands whose matchless M Macassar Oil" would soon have enabled him. to recover at once his hair and his dignity. Used for' 77 years. Bowlands' Kalydor beautifies the complexion, gld by chemists, druggists, and stores. Ask for Rowlands'articles, and take.'none but Bowlands*, with their signature in red ink on the wrappers. Wholesale Agents: Felton, Grimwade, and Co. Melbourne. FLORILTNE ! — I'OB THE TEETH A>"1) BEEATH.—A few drops oftlie liquid " Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth- brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses tie teeth from all parasites or im, ; purities, haidemi the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a. delightful fragrance to the breath. It'removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Florilmt," being composed in part of Money and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the" greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s 6d, on all Chemists and Perfumers. Prepared by Henry C. (łALLUpł930xfoJd-str«et London THROAT AtfFBcr loss AND HOAESEKESS.— All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of " Brown's Bronchial Troches.' These famous " lozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is IJd p box. People troubled with a "hacking cough." a "slight cold." or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in seiious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections. See that the words "Brown's Bronchial Troches,, are on the Government Stamp around each bnt—Manufactured by Joan I BROWX&SORS;, Boston United ijtates. Depot. 493 Orford-street. London The Rattle of the Deadly Crotalus is not more significant of danger than a drj, hacking cough, silence this harbinger of consumption. It lias been ascertained liy repeated experiments that, in addition to its tonic, diuretic, and depurating properties that UBOLBSO WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM AHOIIATIC SCHNAPPS possesses pulmonic virtues of no mean order ; that it soothes and invigorates the irritated and weakened liningof the throat and bronchia and prevents the infiaination from extending to the lungs. 