LIT !. R A T U R K WHY ('ATHOLTC DOCTRINES AIDE rejected. Lxrwn ttic form ol three letters to a friend, A Layman” shows with consider able ability that the rejection oi Catholic doctrines by Prntcstanls is attributable to tile non-realisation ol primary truths, lie especially instances devotion to the Blessed Virgin, the Angels, and the Saints, at which Protestants so often stumble. We <;note the following passage, as giving the writer’s own impressions when, as a Protes tant. he heard a sermon in a Catholic Church : — “ Many years ago, before I became a Catholic. .1 remember passing the Church of the Oratory, when it was held in King "William-street, London, and seeing an an nouncement- that the. late Father Faber was to preach. The subject of the lecture was ‘ The Immaculate Heart of Mary the rest ing place of Almighty Cod.’ I felt shocked, for I thought to myself that, if an attempt i were made to justify language like this, J what might not be expected from a system which taught such doctrines ? And I felt pained and disappointed, for it had already dawned upon me that in the Catholic j Church was to he recognised the faith of I Cod. Protestantism I had rejected as a, j lawless revolt. The very name Protestant appeared to mi'ridiculous. Iliad read the history of the Church through all ages, and I knew that religion ought to he positive ! and not negative : that the Church had ex- j pel led heresy, and never depended upon the errors of lmr foes for her very existence. “ "Wherever the true religion was to he found, I knew that it must be infallible. Next to the existence of Cod and the advent of the Son of Cod, no truth is so clearly taught in the Scripture as the infal libility of tin* Church. It was f.aught in the most explicit terms from her founda tion to the time when our Lord departed from this earth. She was called by St. Paul “ the pillar and the ground of truth.” which was also attested by the Apostles’ Creed. I felt at that time as strong as I do now that no one would he called upon to make a solemn profession of faith in aught else hut that which was absolute, truth. On the contrary all are hound to reject error and hate falsehood. I dearly saw that any religion which declared its fallibility, did not and could not even profess to be true, had virtually abandoned its claim to be the Church of Christ, and was guilty of the most shocking profanity in giving the direct lie to the Holy Ghost. The Establishment I had begun to see had identified itself with Protestantism, and was Protestant to the core; and I had utterly failed in discovering in this system the four distinctive marks of the Church, and I had never met with any one who had ever succeeded in doing so. I knew I could no longer stand up in the presence of God and designate it as One Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church. It was in ‘this state of thought that 1 stood in the porch of the church, and 1 debated with myself whether I should listen to an explanation of what t thought io he simply indefensible. Curiosity led me to remain, and never can I forget the impression the sermon made upon me. The good father in that bounti ful style so peculiar to himself, showed how Almighty Cod may he said to rest : how when He had finished the creation. He rested, because lie saw that all was good : that above all He had created the soul ot man to his own image and likeness, that it might he a tabernacle and resting-place for the outpourings of Ilis love. .1 am unable to do justice to the ideas of the great Oratorian, hut I remember, in pondering over what he stated, that I then hotter understood the designs of Cod, and saw so clearly that the material works of creation, which but emanated from His power, were made only to serve the bodily wants of man kind. and were collectively of little value in the eyes of the Creator compared to the value of one immortal soul, which had emanated from His love. Sin had defaced the divine image, and in a greater or lesser degree all had rejected the graces of Cod ; hut one exceptional case was to be found in the heart of Wary. which had responded to all His calls, which had been entirely devoted and obedient to his wishes, and had also, while, He sojourned upon earth, afforded Him the resting-place of a mother’s deviation. When leaving, T remember that rehgion appeared to me in a, notv light, and the words occurred to mo, ,£ truly this is the house of Cod, and F knew it not,” and I applied them to that Church, which I now know is the divinely appointed guide.” 