gpgrdtag.. . THE ANSWER. And what if I should be kind ? ; r And what if you should be true ? The old love could never go on . Just as it used to do. The wan, white hands of the waves, That smote us swift apart, 1 Will never enclasp again, And draw us heart to heart. The cold, far feet of the tides, That trod between us two, Can never retrace their Bteps, And fall where they used to do. Oh, well the ships must remember, That go down to the awful sea, No keel that chisels the current, Cau cut where it used to be. Not a throb of the gloom or glory That stirs in the sun or the rain, Will ever be that gloom or glory That dazzled or darkened — again. Not a wave that stretches its arms, And yearns to the breast of the shore, Is ever the wave that came trusting, And yearning, and loving, before. The hope that is high as the heavens. The joy that, is keen as pain, Thefaich that is free as the morning, Can die — but can live not again. And though I should step beside you, And hand should loan unto hand, We should walk mutely — stifled — Ghosts in a breathless land. For I am as dead as you are, And you are as dead as I ; He who burns souls down to ashes, He only can answer why. And what if I should be kind ? And though you should be true ? The old love could never, never Love on as it used to do. The Great. Wall of China,— The great , wall of Cuina was measured iu many places by Mr. Uu thank, an American engineer, lately eDgaged in a survey for a Chinese rail way. His measurement gives the height at eighteen feet and a width on the top of fitteeu feet. Every few hundred yards there is a tower twenty-four feet square and from twenty to twenty-five feet high. The founda tion of the wall is of solid granice. Mr. Unlhank brought with him a brick from the wall, which is supposed to have been made 200 years before the time of Christ. Ia building this immense stone fence to keep out the Tartars, the builder never at tempted to avoid mountains or chasms to save expanse. For 1300 miles the wall goes over plain and mountain, aud every foot of the foundation is of solid granite, aud the rest of the structure solid masonry. Iu some places the wail is built smooth up again3t the bank, or cajons, or precipices, where there is a sheer descent of 1000 feet. Small s'reams are arched over, but on the larger streams the wall runs to the water's edge and a tower is built on each side. On the top of the wall there are breastworks, or defences, facing iu and out, bo the defending forces can pass from one tower to another without beiHg exposed to an enemy from either side. To Calculate the time ot building or the cost of this wall is beyond human skill. So far as the magnitude of the work is concerned.it suipasBes everything in ancient or modern times of which there is any trace. ' The pyramids of Egypt are nothing compared to ic. Japanese Students. — The intellectual abilities of the Japanese raoe have been evidenced in a striking manner by a quar tette of students from that country now studying in Berlin. One of these, Dr Dlrokitao, has lately invented an ingenious, optical instrument, termed the leuoosoope, which measures the variations in the per ception of light and colour by the human eye, in accordance with the strictest mathe matical laws. Another, who has attained, the rank of lieutenant in the Prussian army, has introduced a remarkable simplification into tbe mechanism of tbe Mauser rifle, which has succeeded the historic needle-gun. Two more, who are prosecuting theirs chemical studies under Professor Hofmann have published, for two years past, several interesting synthetical researches on the aromatic series. — Nature. Forqetfulness.— A great deal of harm is done tnrough forgetfulneS3. A little thought- fuluess and care with respect to others would often save them from a great deal of suffering, and aid them in their work. A man is discouraged in consequence of the difficulties he meets with. Au encouraging word may be all that is necessary to revive his energies, and to cause him to persevere. That word is easily spoken. There are those who are perfectly willing to speak it, but they do not think of it. As long as men prefer a small foot in a woman to a kind heart, and aD hour-glass waist to a tender soul, worn en will continue to torture their feet, and squeeze their ribs out ©f place, and thsir hearts and soul9 will remiin whit they too often are — shallow and withered, aud dried up, or filled with stagnant and bitter waters. Yalue oi Amusement. — The world mus be amused It is entirely false reasoning to suppose that any human being can devote himself exclusively to labour of any descrip tion. It Will not do. He must be amused. Rsst will not give him adequate relief. He must enjoy himself. He must laugh, siug, dance, eat, diiuk and be merry. He must chat with his friends, exercise his mind in exciting gentle emotions, and his body in agree »bla demonstrations of activity. The constitution of the human system demands this. It exacts variety of influences and motion. It will not remaiD in health if it cannot obtain that variety. Too much merriment Bffects it as much as too little ; too much relaxation is as iojurious as none at all; but, to the industrious toiler, the sunshine of the heart is just as indispensable as the material sun shine is to the flower — both soon pine away and die if deurived of it. 