OUR AMUSEMENTS. Have a care of your entertainments."— Shakksperk. Theatre Rotal. What a lamentable thing it is that theatrical managers, or agents, or " stars," or walking gentlemen, or even supers, cannot write criti cisms of their own performances for the press. It would be satis- iaciory to — inemseives, it not to the public ; it would save reporters a world of trouble, and proprietors of journals any amount of indis creet correspondence from angry and stupid agents. Under the despotic rule of the Theatre Royal management, Mr. Punch has had the misfortune to have given serious offence — so serious that " You cannot enter here " is the announcement made to any member of the Punch staff who may be foolish enough to be inclined to waste his time at that theatre. The members of Punch staff have become perfectly disorganised in consequence of this cruel and despotic edict ; and it is currently reported that the senior jokist and rhymist of this comic journal has been endeavour, ing for the last forty-eight hours to perpetrate a joke upon the word "angular," as applied to acting. But, in all seriousness, does either Mr. Scott- Siddons or his agent, Mr. M'Mahon, lay the " flattering unction to his soul " that Mr. Punch values the paltry advertisement given to his journal, or that " the withdrawal of the complimentary ticket," used but seldom, by-the-way — Mr. Punch's theatrical correspondent is in the habit of paying for admission — will prevent him in future from criticising the performances at the Theatre Royal fairly and honestly — praising where praise is due, con demning where condemnation is necessary, although he may incur the terrible displeasure of the management ? Mr. Scott-Siddons, by his agent, is in the proud position of being the only lessee who — to Mr. Punch's knowledge — objects to an honest and truthful report of theatrical performances at the Theatre Royal. " Our Boys " is still the attraction at this Theatre. The popularity of this piece in London is, as everybody knows, one of the most extraordinary incidents in the history of tae stage, yet the success that has marked its production in Australia is hardly less remarkable. Nothing conld more clearly prove its title to be con sidered a dramatic masterpiece than the fact that in colonies, where much of the style of living it depicts is unknown, where several of the characters belonging to it are never seen in real life, and where many of its best hits — in consequence of their local nature — pass unheeded by the audience, it can yet fill theatres and delight those who fill them. The greater part of this success must be ascribed to the genius of the author rather than to the ability of the actors. The foregoing sentence, however, is by no means meant as a reflection on the company who are at present performing in the comedy, under the management of Mrs. Scott Siddons. The present performance necessarily invites a comparison with that which lately took place at the " Qeeen's," and it must be confessed that the changes made in the caste have not improved the representation. The changes were apparently inevitable, and on thaUaecount are safe from hostile criticism. j Mrs. Siddons is as charming as ever in the character of Mary ! Melrose, and is ably seconded by Miss Alice Deorwyn as her cousin I Violet. Mr. Fleming continues to make a "hit" in the part of \ Talbot Champneys, his gentlemanly bearing and intelligent concep- j tion of what he pourtrays being absolutely refreshing ; while Sir | Geoffrey, in the hands of Mr. Welsh, is nothing but an old ass, com- ! bining the expression of a tombstone with the manners of a mute. Mr. South overdoes the character of Middlewick by the introduction I . of a buffoon element utterly foreign to the author's conception, and, | in a spirit of ignorant impudence, crowns his mistake by gagging ! unmercifully. Mr. Brown is the one accession of strength to the ! company by the recent changes, and he plays Charles Middlewick j with considerable care and feeling. Clarissa finds an able represen tative in Miss Melville ; and Miss Maggie Oliver, though accustomed ! to cheers, has never met with more applause than she nightly calls | forth by her admirable rendering of Belinda. 1 Victoria Theatre. The complimentary benefit tendered to Mr. B. N. Jones at this : theatre on Tuesday night was in every way an unqualified success. The building was crowded, and the applause bestowed on the per formance was a convincing proof, if proof were needed, that Sheri- i dan's School for Scandal has lost none of its well deserved popularity, j The Joseph Surface of Mr. Creswick is a subtle and masterly piece j of acting, full of touches which can only be expected from an actor i of considerable ability and experience. Sir Peter Teazle was ex- I cellently filled by Mr. Jones, whose care and intelligence is remark able in every character he plays. Mr. Douglas, as Charles Surface, was one of the distinct successes of the piece. At the conclusion of the screen scene, his exit was marked by several rounds of applause. Miss Ashton, as Lady Teazle, entered fully into the spirit of the part, and her clever impersonation was well received by the audience. The other characters were well filled by the different members of the company. To-night (Thursday) Romeo and Juliet will be performed for the benefit of Miss Ashton. Mr. Creswick appears as Mercutio. j The Queen's Theatre. I Baker and Farron are still the attraction at this little theatre, in i the sensational drama, " 'Lisa Eceles." The gallant miniature volun- teers are a great feature in the performance. Exhibition Building. j A grand concert and art union for Friday evening is announced j to take place at the Exhibition Building. In addition to the j pleasure of hearing an excellent concert, for which the popular artistes Mrs. Pratt, Miss Harrison, Mr. A. Fairfax, and Signor I Steffani are. billed, and the wonderful feats of the Blondin Brothers, ! visitors have a chance in the art union to be drawn under the super- J intendence of a committee of gentlemen. Mr. W. G. Broadhurst's ! name as musical director is sufficient proof that1 the concert will be well worth the hearing. School of Arts. The very successful season of Thompson's Confederate Diorama is drawing to a close, and on Saturday afternoon next the last grand matinee takes place, at which a parting present is given to every juvenile visitor. Grand National Carnival. Our friend Mr. Booty offers an unexceptionable bill of fare for Friday (Queen's Birthday), at the Albert Ground. Chariot races, j balloon ascents, bull fights, the one-legged wonder, Hobby horse ! races, infant Blondin, general sports and dancing, are a few of the attractions announced ; and, by-the-way, there is a Baby Show. Portrait of the prize baby will be given in our next issue, with full particulars— name, weight, and colour of the mother's hair and eyes. The Guild Hall. Mr. D'Arcy Read's " honest Ghost " still makes its appearance at this Hall, and, together with the Phantom Christy Minstrels, forms a very admirable and entertaining evening's amusement, as may be judged from the numbers who nightly leave with expressions of pleasure on their countenances. Mercantile Rowing Club. This rowing club is daily increasing in popularity, and now has upon its rolls a very large number of influential men, and can boast of very many active members already well known as first-class oars men. The annual ball takes place on the 14th prox., and, from the names on the Committee, nothing but success can be anticipated. Licensed Victuallers' Ball. The Licensed Victuallers purpose giving one their enjoyable balls on the evening of June the 5th. 