) OUE AMATBUE TH13ATEICABS AT > BOOLONa. lie jests at scars who necerfelt a wound — EOMKO, Onjd of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, ' of B oolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, ) was when he made his lirst and only appoavancc as an j ) actor at a private ainatcuv theatrical entertainment at his \ own house in Boolong, He, for some unknown reason, nad conceived that he was bo. "n to be an actor — to tread the boards like the great Garrlck and the elder Ivean — but it ' was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his I peculiar dehdi. On finding the Melbourne and S'dney I managers unwilling to give, a perfect novice with blearing , red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in "Hamlet" at any of their seveihl theatres, he resolved to " t.ake the bull by the horns'' and getlup a company of his own . down ' at his place at Boolong. He' went to enormous expense I in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having \ scenery painted— foiv Banbury was determined to do the thing well and in tip-top style. Hs got together a kind ofi'scratch' company, many of them like himself, raw am bitious amateurs,': eager to fret their,' hour upon the ' stage,'-' and one or two seedy outcasts of "the |prbfcssion; I and he looked forward to the production of his pet jday, I "Hamlet;" himself as the Prince, with much c.xcitement, not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ' month's ; constant re'nearsal, were pretty perfect in their \ words before the curtain went up, .but .after it did most of them .forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was intoxic.aled, .and the Kimj likewise ; Oj)helia, air amateur, bui'st into a nervous lit of tears befbrc she said a dozen liiiesii; Banbury was roared at by thcdocal personages who i ' .assenrbled to.-.assist at the am.ateur perfopnance. But this | ( was not the work, for Banbury fouird that 'when the bills came in the expense vyas twice as l.atgc.ds bc hsld expected, ' and.he cquld liot meet thenr. "-The fellows,'' he used to say, , '"'.allowed' me to have' whatever Iwaiitcd oh credit, because they kneiV .that ray rich.uncle in.Adel.aide, a strict Method- I isti- vvould pay them; but Ijkhew very well ho,. would do no isiteh.thing-.wh'eir.he fovand.-.they were for theatrical trap- ipingSf foriif -there was one thiug he held.in -abhorreuce it jwasithe-the.atrei',' .,'\Vhat;was he to;, do? - His uncle would disqrhQrit.thimj. turn -him out 6f the house he had famished for him, and send him-adri.ftvonhhe world, \yihat was ho to do ? His creditors ivould.notiwait .audhe , would be a miser.able paupeiv- .-But" for .all tbis he did not lose his house,- -andxhisipOor uircle's forbune.is iii the bank in his name'j-lhanks.tofthe timely aid of :one-w?m « a frietul to the (Irama 'as well as to the rVst of the world, who.adv.ahccd him the needful'.!;-N,eed we say. his name. , No; .all know him I But;we,raay. aS;Well:reraarkr.it was.the- chauiiHon oj vae aistressqa,-: :iiO I . DAVID HENRY, of-o2 Collins street. east, Who has. from :!io to iS 10.000. to lend .on notes of. hand, bills of' 'sale' (with- 'br' dvithout'' kcurity), 's.alary ' orders, life policies.-certificates," deeds, \bill mf lading, legacies, goods, ' merchahdise,''oh expected remittances, or on moneys per- ( sons may be. entitled, to fro.m England and elsewhere, etc., repayable tb suit the cbnveiuence of bb'rrpwefs. ' ' Bills dikounted daily at the. lowest rate of interest, and ( nibid'g.ages from G 'per ceht.,' ' 