GENERAL NEWS. It. will 1)e remembered that the contrac tor, for the Semaphore boat service was fined £10 by the |0ustom's authorities for taking out to the s.s. Oazco persons who otherwise would have lost their passage to England. We now hear that the Government intend to remit the penalty. Instructions have been given from the Volunteer Staff Office for informations to be laid, against certain members of B Battery of Artillery who have been absent from five conse cutive drills. The cases will be heard before -Mr. Beddome in a day or two. A meeting of the Committee of Manage ment of the .Royal Agricultural and Horticul tural Society, was held in the Society's offices, Register Chambers, on Friday morning, July 26. The report of the Agricultural Committee re commending that a trial of grubbing machines should be held shortly at Kangaroo Flat, near Gawler, at which the bonus offered by the Government should be competed for, was adopted. .News of the death of Mr. Wm. Purdy: was received by telegram from London. on ' Friday, July 26, by .the local Manager of the Bank of South Australia. Mr. Purdy has for many-years held theposition of Manager of the Bank in London,' and has taken "a* grea t interest in South Adktralia'.! It was rumored some time ago thait lie was likely jtoipay a visit to Adelaide |-ito open' the new Bank here. We believe-that the idea was. at one time entertained,, but was afterwards abandoned.1; A deputation consisting of Messrs. A. Hardy, M.P., and R. W. B. Henning, M.P., waited on., the Commissioner of Crown Lauds .(Hon. Thoa. Playford) on Friday morning, July 26, to ask.that a district road passing between Sections 22 and'23, in -the Hnndred- of Water honsp, might be closed. It was stated that on September 20; 1.877, 'the District Council of , Robe made an order, which was duly gazetted, for closing the; road in question. On the |..ground, pf public convenience, the Surveyor General reported 1 against the proposed closing, and the Governor refused to ratify the order made by the Council. Subsequently correspondence to'sk place between the District • Council and the Surveyor-General's Office, but without altering the determination already arrived' at.-' The Commissioner? said nothing could be done until a new order was made for closing the road by the Council. Even if this were done he did not think they would be al lowed to close the road! Suburban-blocks had .been laid out along the sides of the road, which was on the direct line from Robe to Guichen Bay; 'He believed that the proposal to shut up the road was made to dispense with the necessity of two lines of fencing being constructed by a Mr. J. Bryce, who had sections of land on each side of the road. As no fresh reasons had been advanced in support of the Council's application he did not think it could be entertained. The rainfall from 9 a.m. on Thursday to the same hour on Friday, July 26, is regis tered as follows ' Noariunga ... 0140 Strathalbyn ... 0*250 Normanville ... 0 316 Streaky Bay ... 0190 Cape Borda ... 0315 Cape Jervis ... 0100 Goolwa ... 0130 Kingston ... - 0 290 Narracoorte ... 0-300 Millicent ... 0*550 Mount Torrens., 0*075 ; Mount Pleasant 0*800 Gawler ... 0*340 Kapunda ... 0*180 Overland Corner 0*280 Port Wakefield 0*080 Kadina ... 0*260 River ton ... 0*300 Clare ... ... 0 600 Kooringa ... 0*050 Georgetown ... 8*850 Caltowie ... 0*760 Port Pirie .. 0*100 Adelaide 0*090 Mount Barker.." 0*500 Willnnga ... 0*170 Fowler's Bay ... 0100 Port Lincoln ... 0*250 Kingscote ... 0*115 Port Elliot ... 0*192 Meningie ... 0*030 Robe ... ... 0 420 Penola ... 0 450 Mount Gambier ; 0*450 Gumeracha * ... 0*750 Manrium ... 0*210 Taimnda ... 0;225 Rlanchetown... 0*270 . Went worth ... 0*200 Moonta .. ... 0*200 Wallaroo ... 01*20 Auburn ... 0*230 ]?ucla ... ...' 0 078 Redhill ... 0*460 Gladstone .*.. 0 600 Jamestown 0*780 Laura..., ... 0*680 I Melrose ... 0 800 Port Augusta... * 0*020 | Blinmau ... 0120 j It will'he seen from our European tele grams that a new South Australian loan of £688,500 is about to be floated on the London market. The minimum price of issue is fixed at £95. ] Messrs. J. Stilling & Go. inform us that they have been advised by their Sydney agents fhat the s.s. Chimborazo arrived at Aden on the 24th July; all well. I The sailing of the steamer Emu to Port Pirie is postponed, as she has gone on the slip for overhaul. The River Broughton overflowed, its banks on Friday, July 19, submerging hundreds of acres of wheat and damaging innumerable fences. * , The Doora Mine has been let on a tribute Of 15s. in the pound to Captain W. Polglaise, late of the Reedy Creek Mine, who, with a number of menj intends prosecuting the work Vigorously. ! The annual meeting of the Adelaide City Mission was held in the Mission Hall, Light square,j on Thursday afternoon, July 25. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide presided. •Various reports were read and resolutions passed •having reference to the past work of the mission. Addresses were delivered by several ministers (and other gentlemen. . A gentleman who has just returned from -a periodical visit north informs the Areas Express jthat all the creeks were flooded, and that in (attempting to cross one between Wilmington (and Melrose his buggy, horse, and self were j (carried down the stream for some distance and (landed on the side from which he essayed to [cross. He determined not to make a .second I {attempt, hut wisely decided, to await the subsi jdence of the water. He spsaks in' glowing iterms of the crops and pasturage in all the i northern districts. \ ..;v | 'The adjourned general meeting of the j Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club took place at j the I?rmoe Alfred Hotel on Thursday evening, j July" 25," Mr".' R, W- Hall presiding. The fol lowing Committeemen were elected .—Messrs. |H. S. Wyatt, G! A. Farf;*and G. W; Hughes. :Mr. A. M. Hargrave was appointed Secretary in i place of Mr. ,G. A. ,FarrT' resigned'; and Mr R. | W. Hall, Treasurer, in place of Mr. A. M. Har j grave, resigned. Several* new* rules* were: ■ adopted, including ~ one providing that no j member, of the Club should be disqualified by reason of his running for money-prizes at the Annual Military Sports, .. * j "A few months ago . says..the Southern ; Argus of July 25, " many . persons were ! frightened and some depredations done by a j person who assumed the role of ghost. The ! same person, or some imitator, lias commenced (to play similar pranks again. On Monday even j ing, about half-past 11, the inmates of the house I belonging to' the late Mr. J, E. Harris were dis turbed by a noise at the back door. On the ; housekeeper proceeding to ascertain the cause i she was_ startled by the figure of a person eu 1 veloped m a white sheet. She had the courage, ! however, to seize a corner of the sheet and I demand who was there. A neighbor coming : up at the time, and attracting the housekeeper's attention, the ghost, who was unmistakeably of the feminine gender, escaped. Shrewd sus picions are entertained of the identity of the party, and she "will consult her own safety by discontinuing her disgraceful conduct." The Sydney Evening News describes tbe following extraordinary occurrence:—"A clever piece of work has been accomplished in the Lands Department, an erring officer of lon°* standing being the victim. Kleptomania does not confine its victims to valuables in shape of money or jewellery, but permits of operations on sweetmeats or, in their ab sence, on the excellent fare enjoyed by civil servants at tbe half-hour forenoon interval. In one branch of the Lands Office a day has never passed over without complaints ? s9m,e unscrupulous band being laid on the lunch baskets. One gentleman was victimised lour times successively not a week ago, and |be homble presentiment came to his mind that the chief of the branch was the culprit A conference was held, and it was decided to bring the offender to justice. The whole of the lunches next day were liberally served with tarter emetic. At about 1 the chief felt disinclined to dine, and at 2. was sure he was attacked by cholera or typhoid. Half an hour later the real symptoms were ap parent, and the sympathies of the officers of the department increased as the tableau drew nigh pHe was sure he was going to give up the ghost (as he had had a fearful dose), but instead of that gave up the dinner. He has since petitioned for the removal, it is said, of the principal con spirator, on the ground of insubordination." The opening lecture in connection with the Chalmers Church Young Men's Literary Society was delivered by the Rev. D. Paton, M.A., B.D., in the schoolroom at the rear of the church, on Thursday evening, July 25. The at- • tendance was limited. The subject chosen by the lecturer was "JohnBunyan and his Works," The first production of the immortal dreamer S dwelt with * was " Grace abounding to the | Chief of Sinners." This work, the lec- 1 turer ^observed, was Bunyau's autobiography during . 25 or 30 years of Lis life. The -.book', was, remarkable for its keenness of analysis, its hc-nesty of utterance, and what might be called its essentially subjective and experimental character. It was these particulars which rendered it unlike and superior to all Ordinary memoirs. The " Holy War " was next described by Mr. Paton, who said that the name itself was"'a true index of the character of the book. It was ingenious, but comparatively little known. The immortal work, the book upon which Bunyan's fame chiefly rested, " The Pilgrim's Progress," was considered by the lecturer with regard to the salient points of the dretm itself and the grounds of interest, which were described as being chiefly in the intense force of the writer's imagination—a power of mind possessed only by intellects of the highest order—hisimper soBifications, which were like the calling up of human beings before the mind; his power of enchaining the interest, in which faculty he left Spencer far behind ; and his marvellous simplicity of language. The lecturer referred at length to the literary, artistic, and religious qualities of " The Pilgrim's Progress," the various editions of it and the forms'that it had taken. The lecturer before concluding made a comparison between Milton's "Paradise Lost" and Bunyan's "Holy War." The attention throughout the lecture was most unflagging. A vocal and instrumental concert was given in the Town Hall, Norwood, on Thursday evening, Jnly 25, by the Norwood Christy Minstrels (in connection with the Norwood Cricket Clubj. The attendance was very fair in spite of the thunderstorm that was hovering over the neighborhood at the time. The pro gramme, arranged by Mr. A. J. Diamond, con sisted chiefly of soDgs and selections, with a duet, recitation, and concertina solo. " Patrick, mind the baby," by Mr. W.Bracken, and " Our Gentle Lilly," by Mr. J.Gooden, were extremely well rendered, and thoroughly deserved the ap plause and encores which they received. MissH. Bankine and -Mrs. TLomlinson also de lighted the audience, the former with " Oh, oh, the Wild Winds Blow," and the latter with " Treasures of the Deep." Mr, A. J. Diamond gave one of his clever concertina solos, and ex ceeded if possible his former performances on that instrument. We need not, however, enu merate the whole programme, which was gone through with , great spirit, and thoroughly en joyed by the audience. Mr. L.Kaufmann pre sided at the piano. ; The Kelly and Leon Minstrels at White's Booms on Thursday evening had an excellent house, considering the weather, and kept their audience in roars of laughter at their nigger drolleries and amusing operatic burlesques. The programme, which includes a number of solos by the leading members of the company, grotesque dancing by Courfcright, a stump speech by Lester, the burlesque of "Norma," the comical farce called " Just from Ballarat," and the opera of "Bose Michon," with the original music and dresses, is such a one as we seldom see presented here, and should ensure for " The Only Leon" a bumper house ou this his benefit night. Leon is undoubtedly the most clever imitator of the sex to which he does not belong that wo have ever witnessed on the stage. His attitudes, attire, affectation of female mannerisms, and general hearing as one of the " weaker vessels" are really surprising, and his acting in every part that he undertakes is admirable throughout. When it is borne in mind, too, that he has to sing in falsetto, his imitations of prima donna in opera-serio and opera-bouffe are exceedingly clever, and prove that he has a cultivated musical ear. The in strumental music is rendered by the orchestra in praiseworthy style, and it is a matter for regret amongst the amusement- seeking public .that the company cannot prolong their stay •in Adelaide beyond Saturday night, when they make their last appearance here. 