AN OPEN VERDICT* A NEW NOVEL By thk Author op ' L\uv Auumjy s bKCKKr,'' ?'Takkn at tun Ftoo»t'- 'Dkao Alu.s's Shoes,' ' Wjuvuus and \\\ &n;,' &o.; CiiAvxBU XLV1I.— Kksukk's Wkdbisg Dat. Tho oveuiug after that meeting iu tho church yar«l \vt\s ft luulaMaholy ouo for IConrick. Ho had counted upoa apMhliug it wtlh Ik.ittix. Tho seltfenionU wort* to havo licou sijjuoil at the Wator Hotiso at Mino o'clock, tho Yicir, Mr. Scmtchcll, and Sir Kouriok mootiug thero for riok ivud Iho two truslow woro luscmbled iu Misa ilaitslleld'a dra\viug-ix- oiu, Mr. SoratchcU'a clerk wnsiu alteudftnoo with tho dooumouts, aud ready to eiffii as witness wkonover w«\niroil ; but Misa Harotluld horeelf was not forthcoming. Thoy waited somo time, Sir lvourick (ull of uneasiness, ami thou Madaiuo Lcouavd came to them, looking palo tvuvl won led, 'lam Bouyto havo bad news for you, Sir IvcnricV sho aaul iu hov grotty Frouob, ' but Misa Harcuold ia much too ill to aigu auy liapcra * l'ubllnhed by Hiiodal omxu£«ttiout with the author, AUrkttWK&ronttL.; or to see an/ one to-night. Is it ah&olately; ne* cczezrj tbezo papers ehoald bo tigneaV' ' They most be eigned before she ia married,' said lit. Bcratcbell, ' hat it can bo done in the vestry, five miaatea beforo tito weddjug, if ehe likea.' ' Bat what is the matter aaked Sir Kenrick. ' Sho waa very well— or the Bcemed yexj well when I waa with her yesterday.' ' She ia far from well to-night. She is nervous and low-spirited. Ifc would te crncltj to insist npea her coming dairo stairs to receire yon.' 'I am nol going to be cruel,' eaid Kenrick moodily. ' Perhaps it is cruel of me to ask her to marry mo to-morrow. Her low spirits to-night seem to indicate that the prospect is repugnant to her.' ' Don't be savago, Kenrick,' kM the 'Vicar. ' A young lady's nerves aro a delicate pisce of mecbauiacn, aad a trifle will put them out cf order. The settlements had better stand over tM to-morrow morning. We can all meet here ai ten.' 'Bat I want to know why sis 'a ill — or out of spirits,' urged Kenrick. ' Hs.=» llr. Namby seen her?' he asked abrnptlj cf M.Jaaa Leonard. 11 HT- ot - - t ? tt_ __ m ? «- ? 1 ? .Tr_., 11 u. ouu is oaraij so 111 as iq nesu z^sjksu advice. She wanta reposa, to be left to herself for a little while, not to be ?worried about basi nesa matters. She wished to have no marriage settlement. Tho whole thing is an annoyance to her.' ' She wished to play the fool,' mnttered Mr. Scratchell, ' but I wasn't going to let her make ducks and drakes of the whole of her pro nertv.' They all went away after a, little more talk, Kenrick in a bad temper. Thi3 was like hh wel come at Southampton, when, with a heart barn ng with eager love, he had found only coldness and restraint in hia betrothed. She had been kinder and had even seemed happy in hJ3 acde'.y of late ; but there had been moment of coldness, days on which she hod been absent-minded aal fitful. 'I am -a fool to lore her as I do,' he thought, aa he walked silently back to the Yisaraga, while Mr, Dulcimer chewed the cud of his afternoon readings, and debated within himself the insoiv able enigma of Ovid'3 exile— a favorite snbjecl cf meditation with him, aa being a keynote note to the domestic history of Augustus. 'lama fool to make raj sell miserable about her,' mused Kenrick. ' Why caanoi I ihink cf my marriage as a mere matter of convenience — the salvation of a fine old estate — aa other people do?' The tea party at tho Vicarage had not been lively. Cyril looked ill, and had little to say for ' You are overworked at Bridfoxd,' said tLe Yicar decisively. ' The place is killing you. I must have you back here, Cjril. There is quits work enough to be done, and yoa may indulge in jo or new fangled ways aa much as much as you like, for I know yoa are too sensible to consider outward fripperies an essential pari of an earnesi service. You shall do what joa like with tie choir, aad have 03 many service at uieArtbiy hoars of thg morning as yoa piaase. Bat yea shall not kill yourself in that polluted ku 11 Um , ' I am more useful there Usaa I coall ever be , hero,' urged Cyril. ' But you will be no use Raj where ?when yv-a are dead. A living doj, you know, is of aura value in the world than a deal Ibn. If yoa go oa doing tho lion's work jcadsr you will scoa Iw in the condition of tho dead lien, aad of Ifcss UJ2 than the most insignificant liva dog. They would staff yoa and put you in a shsa case, no doubt — or rat.hcx they would subscribe for a haedsorae tablet iu the parish church, sitting cat joar virtues — bat the tablet would bo useful to ao one.' ' Your argument ia forcible,' said Crri. *' If I find myself really breaking down at Bridford I will ask you to let me come back to my work here.' ' Bo suro you do.** The cousins wero not alone together during asy part of tho evening. It was between ten and eleven o'clock when the Vicar ani Kenrick re turned from tho Water House, and they found Mrs, Duldnier alono in tho library. ' Poor Cyril waa tired after his journey,' sJjc said, 'and I persuaded him to go to bed baltan hoar ago. Oh, Clement, I nover sx.*r such, a change iu any young man. Tin afraid lie's going into a decline. ' '? Fiddlesticks,' exclaimed tlie Vicar. ' There's nothing cousutnptiro about the Culverbcuses. Cjril u:w tao ahouiderq ot an aiuicte ana ins couslitution of a Spartan reared at the public tables on the leavings of tho oil men. Bat if ho goes on vrorkiug ni^ht an.l day in that sink of sanitary iniquily, Bfldfonl, ho will get himself into suca a fecblo state tbat his next attack of fever will be fatal.' ill last September or I should havo gone to Britifor\l to so* biva,' &«d Mrs. Dulcimer ; ' ' but ho tolla mo ho had excellent nurses, two French women, sisters of souio charitable order. You ueeluH bo fri^htoneJ, Clomcut, They were not nuns ; and they mala no altcnipt to convert him.' ' I would not despise tlieni it they had mado the ivttompt,' answered tho Vi-\\\v. ' Every man has fright to oiTcr his idt\ of salvation to his brother. Tho feeling is right, though tho theology may bo wrong.' Kcnvick v;as up soon after seven o'clock next morning, a wintry gray morning, without a ray of suusuiuo to gild bis hope.'. Ha was nearly diesscvl when ho was startled by tho sharp voice of Rebecca. 'A letter, Sir, brought by hanil fioni tlio Wator House. I'vo put it under the door.' Kenrick seizctl tho lelt-.ir with a vague forebod ing of ovil. It was iu liaatrix Haroficld's hand, '?Forgive we, Kenvick, forgive mo if you cm for what I am going to do. Ob, forgivo me, uiy poor friend, pray forgivo 1110 for having played fast and looso ?with you. I am going away to Bomo corner of the world, where neither you aor any ouo I have over known can follow mo, or hear of me. I am fleeing from a niamago wbioh could only result in misery to both you aud mo. v--u love me too well, 50a aw too gonoroUB-niiudod to be satisfied vnth less than my true love j ani that I cannot giro yoa. I have prayed God tj turn my heart towards joa, to let me love yott but, I cannot. There is always another wfiflffl image Ncomes between me and my thoughts fi you. I Lave tried to forgot him— to thrust iM oat of ay heart. I have tried to be angry «itl birfior his doubt of me, but once having givei him my heart I could not take it back again, ,- ' For the last few days my mind has been foJ of hesitation and perplexity. I knew that if ! married you I should be doing a vricked thing—] Bhooldetand before God's altar with a lio npea my lips, I knew that if I broke my promise '. fihoold give you pain. I have argued the questing with myself a hundred tiineE, bat could conn t(( no fixed conclacioo, I havo been swayed to aw| fro like a reed in the wind. I wanted to && right, to act generously and justly to you vhM. lave.been so fall of trastialaoss and generositj for me. Tiiis id ternoon I jsaw your cousin. Thrf metiisg vzs neither his ssekiog nor mine, Kenj lick. Hi Eare oi that. An accident brought nsf fass to £a.ca ia the churabyard. Oh, then I knew in a nijQ?a.t tiat I most not marry yon — that i& ttouM La better to break a hundred promises, than to b5 year ?srlfs.. Eefore ho had spoken a knew that I aad never cs&sed; to love him, thafej kt Lira sconi zee ajs Le might, I most go on loving bid to the ead. .J ' So there T.as no alternalife bnt this which I am taking, &sd; this letter is my last farewell to °yoa aad all who have ever known mo in England, t 'Yoar estate is frea from the mortgage that encumbered it. In ths beginning of my trosbla cf raiad — -vhez I faced myself hesitating aa to ?vhsi coarse I oaght to take, I resolved that th.9, hose yea love should be set free. It is done, tj beg jca ia lake tliis as a gift from one who haj^ Isarasd to lore joa very traly a3 a friend and brother, tat who couli never Lave lovod ydi iriih ibe lore yoa n-oaid have claimed from ft ?ife. '-Yo3rs a-asitianatelv and regretfolly, ' Beateix HiaEriEiJ^ 'Tie Water Hoass, Ta2s3aj,JE!sven o'clock.' _. ' This is Cyrii's doing,' cried Kearick, besid^ Limsdi sriih rage. ' They have plotted this between tisera. Acd sbs throws her money- ixi raj I&03, She tliinls that I am so tame a Loral as to tike the wealth, for which the world woolS say I chosse her, asd let lier go — ^th.e mosej wivtia. tie wife. That have Dlasned it btt-seaa iaem. It is like CyriL ' Eenrick only carea abeai CtdTerioase Castle,' ba told her.' 'SeitheeEtatDfrea, aad he will forgiva yon al} t&s; :tsi, UxA I fnll not torgive eitiier 01 tnem, I will follow both with niy undying hatred. I iriD[ fiiag back her p-itif d gift into ter false crnel face.' Sha lit me taiak I tad won her love — while she meant to btiy say forgives ssa with hex money.' And tLea ha fltiag himself face downward on the 5x-r aal gave vent to his passion in angry scakel ground oadex the walls of Pegn, with the brown Barmase suldiets trasapling irpon him, and the very aiate coascioasness of a ballet in hx| shazl-Jer. Xever had he been sa wretched as at tLis memsnt, nerer so angry with fate orhijj Ha Lad ia eonqesr his passion presently, aad $- slcaly dova stsirs to ttll ilr. and Mra. Dulcimer ;ha: tuore vis to be no wedding. CHiriEii XLYIII.— Jilted. ; ' Xo Tr»ddir.g,' sireamed Mrs. Dolciiiier, pul« Lia^ Uo^rn the old cIvst teapot and staring aghast atrsctbins particular. ' ' No vreddii-^,' repeated the Vicar. *' No,'.%nsircreii Kenriek, hoarsely, and witia hardness of manner ?wiiich ba maintained aU ttrouga tikt paiafal day. '' SLc has been fooling me all this iirae. Sbe b&s; -critten to tell mo that sLe never loved lac — and — at tho last — it cams into her hc~vl tbat she ougct not to ^marry me flings me fifty ihonsand pounds as a peace offer'', ing. As yoa throw an importunate Jog a biscoitj1 tvhea joa doa't frant him to follow you.' h ' 'It is most extraordinary,' exclaimed thB Yicar. ' She wis ia such a hurry to pay off those mortgages before her marriago. I thought S^Q ?was romantically in love with you.' , * ' You doa't understand,' said Keniici,' ' That wis how site meant to make amends to me. Sho valued ray love, my manhood, my self* respect at fifty thonsaad ponnJs. I am paid in full, sho thinks, aad I have no right to complain.' .; ' Women are aa insctatabla race,' aaid Uifl Vicar. . ; { ' I am a most unlucky woman,' wailed Mis,'' Dulcimer. *' I took such a pride in bringing Kenrick and Beatrix together — such an excellent match— so well suited to each other— a lai^» fortune— a fine position in the county— titlflrja everything.' 1 ' Xhlnm. it will natrcend the matter for m to got hysterical,' reruonstrated the Vi««£ ' Where &ro; you going, Kenrick ?' he aaked^ 09 Kenrkk laovod tcvauls the door. 4^v' \ 'To the Watsr House. Where is Cyril ?'*. lj ' Ho got an early cup of tea from Eabeec^ mi went round to seo some of his old parisbi* onors. Ho promised to be at the church beforQ eleven.' ' A superfluous civility,' said KenricV. w N« doubt lie knew there would be no wedding.' ' Kenrick,'* remonstrated Mrs. Dulcimer, bul Kenrick was gone. He walked down to tho Wator House, faske than l:e had ever walked thero ia his Hfo, though I rve had lent him ^lorrury's winged sandals, to* day rag*, and bafilol lovo, and gnawing joalouaf drovo him as fast as ili Lhoy had been palpable scourges wielded by Use Furies. .. 4/ ' . Kvcrytliin^ looked vory (\niot at tho old TaSot hoMso by tbo river. Tho lujUorcaino tothodoos^ .\li*s uarcueui nan tl)Ilu '»''.» ''' ''-i|»''» ««i nard at five o'clock that raouiing. Tho carriage had lakca them to tho railway station at Great YcuTord. No ono had gono with them but tb/- coachman, and lio had not left hiu box, Too porters had carried tho luggago into tho station'.) Yes, thoro was a good deal of luggage. Tlio bli cases were to ba eont to a furniture, warohowsp la London. £}' Tho house was to rcrnaiu iu tho care or In* butler and Mrs. rotors, tho honackcepcr. Thi ?erraatB were to be on board wages. Mr* Scratch* jji was toarracge every Ihiug. r Mr. SoratcheU came in while Sir Kearick was questioning the butler. Ho too had received a potter from Beatrix, which he allowed Kenrick to ' .' Dear Mr. Scratchell, , ' VI am going abroad, ' inosi likely for a long 'lime, Pleoaa receive tUa rents as usual, attend %- all repairs, and pay in all moneys to the bank, ta heretofore. I shall be obliged if you will giva jfhe servants whatever allowance is liberal and proper for board wages. Thi3 had better be toaid monthly, in advance. Please see that the Jionsd and grounds are kept in good order, and Sfhat all my subscriptions to local and other clia $fcies are regularly paid. ?'Mr. Dulcimer is to hire any money he re quires for his poor. I' ?- 'J Tours very truly, '' A 'BEATRIX HaBETISLD.' *fBusiness- like,' said Mr. Scratchell, ' but I'm afraid the poor young woman is act quite tight in her mind. Do you know whit she has 4one about the mortgages on your property V ' ** Tea,' answered Kenrick. ' You don't sup pose I am going to keep the money?' ; «♦ I don't suppose you'd baso demented as to giToit back,' said Mr. Scratchell. 'You'd better ^eep it. If she dossn't make ducks and drakes of it one way, she will another. What was your iaarrel about V -. ??Quarrel,' echoed Kenrick, and then Uoe« Starred to him that it was just as well to let this irolgarian Scratchell believe that he and Bzatrix kad quarrelled. .; How could a piece of such common clay as fin Scratchell comprehend the finer feelings . it human porcelain? Ho only thought it packed. ?\ There was nothing more to be disiorered at the ifTater House. Beatris and her companion had 4fone. That was all. Miss HareEe'.d had made fcer arrangements with coolness acd promptitude. It might be just pcseibl*: to follow her, but to wbatend ? Kenrick went in quest of Cyrili After a good Seal of inquiry he found him with a bedridden ild woman, listening to a doleful story of the Winter's sufferings. 1 ' I want to talk to you. Cyril,' said Kenrick, saJ, with a gentle apologjj Cyril cat short the flame's rambling account of her bodily ills, trbich threatened to be as long as Madame La* tayette's description of the Dachess of Orlean's fatal colic ' ' What is the matter, Ken ?' asked Cyril, when they were ontside in the windy road. ' You look as pale as a ghost. ' I «« There ia to be no marriage. Beatrix has gone away — and you know all absnt it. You planned it together yesterday when you met -in the tiiarchyard.' jc ** Upon my honor, Kenrick, I know nothing,' Coswered the ether solemnly. iV'Why should I btiieve joa? She, whom I thought the noblest of women, hzt fooled and Jilted me. In whose honor am I to believe, after 'tt»tr ' ' Kenrick, I am deeply sorry for you.' 1 ' Pray spare me that. Your pity would be :the laet drop of gall in my cop. Will you swear -fc- me that you do not know wbero she is sone — that yon had nothing to do with her icing?' ' Directly, nothing,' answered Cyril, very jpale. v Hi3 conscience smote bim for that sceno of jes T|erday. He had given the reins to pasiion, he, a man who had hitherto shape! his life upon prin ciple. He felt himself guilty. ,*J' Directly, no. You are equivocating with me, IB only your virtuous man can ecjaivocate. You jue Pharisees, every one of you, straining at gnats luid swallowing camel*. What about your indi 'rect inflaenca ? It was that which broke off my marriage,' ' I met your betrothed wife yesterday, by accident. I was takeu off ray guard. In the bewilderment of that msment I may have said foolish things ? ' . , 'Tea, yoo urged her to break off her mar riage. Yon k-ftierajear ago, of yoor own ac cord. And now, finding that I bad won her, it ^me into your bea'l to try and tale her away from . jhe. A manly conrss tlirongLoct.' f Kenrick, when J went away conscience was xaj dictator. Yesterday I let paiaion master Tme. I confess it with deepest humiliation. Bat, Irust me, if Beatrix did not love you it is better '—infinitely better-- that yon and ebe should bo parted for ever. 2\'o happiness would have gome out of your union ? ' *' Preach your sermons to more patient 'listeners,' cried Konrick, savagely. 'I will %avenone of them.' And bo the cousins parted. Kecrick went to .Great Yafford to mate inquiries at tbc station, %at at that busy pla^c there had been nobody with lewnre enough to particularise two ladies— ©no tall and the other short— going away by the jiix o'clock train. Neither Miss Harcfield's car iriage nor Misa HareiieJd's person bad made any impression upon tbc mind of the porter who had Carried her lnggage into the station. Jfhere was a train startc'i for London at six, there was another that went northward at a quarter past. There was the Liverpool train at .(six thirty. She might Lave travelled by any one tot these, . Kenrick went back to the Vicarage in a savage TrOroor. No good could havo come from tbe pur snit of bis lost bride, but it was bard not to tnow whero ehe had gone. Fortunately Cyril jpaseod bim unawares on tho road between the town and the village, so those two did not meet -?gain. ' f shall go to London to-morrow,' Kenrick fold the Dulcimers that evening, 'and pre «ont mysolf at tUa War Office next day.' 'You want to go back to India directly?' asked the Vicar, ' Yes, I shall cut short my Ieive by a month r$t six weeks,' ♦» '«Doar Konrick, why not stop with as till you weover your npirits after this cruel blow ?' flrgod Mrs. Dulcimer. J* My kindest of friends, I could Dever rocover toy spirits at Little Yafford. Forgive me for t&yiag; bo, but tbe placo has become hateful to mo. Even your kindqess could not mako it endur ' Kenrick is tight,' e»id the Yic.\r. *? He has boon very badly treated, and his profession will be his boat consolation.' ' There is ons thing that must bo settled boforo I go back io India,' **»-* Kenrick. ' I must give— Mks Haroficld— back her money. I can not carry that burden away with mo. You are her guardian and one of her trustees, Vicar. You and Mr. Scratcbell nittst manago tho business between you. I can only raise, tho money by a new mortgage. Would it ' not bo best for Misa Hareueld*s trustees to tako a mortgage on my estate for the amount they havo advanced ? I paid the other psojrto only four per cent. I might pay her fire,' ' I io not think she will tako a mortgage. I do not believe she will tako her money back in any form whatsoever,' Baid tho Vicar. 'She has written mo a letter which I shall show you when you are calmer and more disposed to forgiveness. It is a Tory touching letter, full of truth and generous feeling. Sho has treated you very badly— sho has been foolish, mistaken— but she is a noblo girl, and she is much to bo pitied. You will bo ungenerous if you insist on giving her back tho money. She has more.lhan enough without it' 'I ebali be a meanlhound if^I.keepU,' said Kenrick. Chaptkh SLIX.— Mrs. Pipee's Dat.' ' I am not surprised,' eaid Miss Ooyney, when sho was informed that Beatrix Hareficld had gone away, and there was to be no wedding. ' That unhappy young woman's guilty conscience has driven her away. A just punishment for Sir Kenrick. Of course he was going to marry her for her money. Ho knows, as well as I do, that sho poisoned her father.' The wedding was to have been strictly private — altoglher different from the imposing cere monial that had made Bella Scratchell tho second Mrs. Piper. There were no guests to be put off at the last moment ; there was no confusion any where ; but there was a great deal of talk in Little Yafford when it became generally known, through Mrs. Pomfret, the pew-opener, that Sir Kenrick's marriage was not to be. There were various theories as to Beatrix HarcSeld's motive for her extraordinary conduct. Guilty conscience, said Miss Coynoy and her party. ' A prior attachment,' said the more charitably inclined. ' Tho girl must be wrong in her head,' said the matter-of-fact matrons and middle aged husbands, who could not under stand the fits and starts of passion. Perhaps in all the neighborhood there was only one person— except the rival cousins them selves— who guessed the real cause of Miss Hare field's night. That person was Mrs. Piper. Sho knew how deeply Beatrix had loved Cyril, and it hardly surprised her that, at the last momont, tbe should refuse to consummate a loveless bond. ' It might hare been happier for^me if I had run away,' thought Bella, looking round her apple green drccsiDg-room, with all thegew-gaws Mr. Piper'a generosity had heaped upon her, 'yet any other life than this would be almost un bearable now.' Time went on, Kenrick returned to India, leaving his honor in Mr. Dulcimer's hands. Miss Harefield'g money was to be paid back, and without loss of time. Kenrick's lawyers and Mr. Dulcimer were to arrange the matter be tween them— somehow ; but it must be done. On that point Sir Kenrick was firmly resolved. Tbc lawyers were as slow as most of their craft, and taw no reason why such a business as this should be precipitated. Mr. Dulcimer was the last man to hasten tbe movements of tbe lawyers. Happy in his world of shadows — now digging out the forgotten lemplea of Nineveh and Babylon — anon wandering with the lost Tribes of Israel — be was apt to let the actual business of life slip ont of hi3 mind altogether. Mrs. Dulcimer bad to remind him of everything— to tell him what bilk he ought to pay— wbat people bo ought to visit— all the details of his quiet life. Now Mre. Dulcimer was cot disposed to remind her bun band of Kenrick'a desire to refund Miss Hare field's fifty thout&nd; pounds. She hoped that Kearick might, fey fair means or foul, be made to keep the money. * He had been cruelly wronged. Tho lea-st atonement that could be made to him was the liberation of his estate from its old burdens. Thus argued Mrs. Dul cimer, while Kenrick was busy fighting tbe Burmese. - Before the bleak winds of March had cca3ed to blow tbeir keenest across the wide waste of withered heather and sandy barrenness — before the last of tbodaffodila bad faded io Mrs. Pom fret's neat garden, Cyril Culverbouse bad come back to his old place at Little Yafford. He bad done good work at Briuford, but the work bad been too much for him. lie could not be content to do half tho work vraolcd, and leave tbe rest am done, Another man in bis poeilion would have been easy in bis conncience after doing a quarter of tbo good that Cyril had dono in that crowded lazarbonae — but the knowledge of unconquerable evila, ofgcure3 only half wrought, weighed upon Cyril's spirits like an ever present ui^ht-mfire. He could not alosp for tbe though', of the evilu round about him— tlie rampant iniquities— the selfishness of tbe rich— tho goultsgnow of the poor. His health broko down under tbe burden. Thia tirao it wai no fierce attack of fever— no brain gickners and delirium—but bis strength went down liko tbb uand in a glum when the hour is nearly done— appelito failed -tho power of sleep loft bim— and Dr, Boiling told bim, in plainest terms, that if ho withod to go on liviog bo must leave Bridford, Brought face to face with this Holeran qaealion of life or death, Cyril discovered that existence was not altogether worthless. Ho, who a little time ago had courted death, had now no deairo to* die. There wero mysteries that be wanted to solvo in this lifo before ho weal to inrostigato the awful mystery beyond it. Ho wa'nted to stand face to faco with Beatrix Haroueld once more. Ha wanted to know whether it wa« indeed for Iovo of him »ho had jilted his cousin at the last moment, Ho wanted to find aorae stronger proof of lior Innocence than the sudden conviction that lu'l flatbed into his mind when he looked into her steadfast oyos, and aaw ncorn of his weak double, fondest Iovo fdr himself at war in Lor soul, Wiiilo bo lived thoro wm fclwajsaQLjinco-howoyor romoto-of his discoror ? ing the troth. Whilo Ito livod thoro waa always a possibility that Beatrix and ho might moot. Sho was not his conum's wife, Fato had spared him that last bitterness. Ho could think of hor without ein. . So ho caino batk to Little Yafford, to his old rooms, his old friends, bis old ways, and tho old bard working lifo which seemed bo easy af tor tho vftiu endeavor to clcanso that Augean stable, an ovorcrowded manufacturing town. ' I nover feel as if I bad too, much work to do so long as it is work that cad be dono,' bo said to tho gentle Vicar. 'To grapplo with impossi bihlica and feel oneself being daily worsted ] Tbat is tho trial.' Tuero were two of bis paiisblonors at Bridford whom Cyril could not be content to lcavo behind bim. Tboao were Emmanuel Joyco and bis mother. Emmanuel's gratitudo for tUo man who had risked his lifo to save him bad dono what argument and teaching might never havo accom plished. Emmanuel was now a conscientious con forming Christian. Ho believed as the Iopora bolioved, because he bad been saved! Tho con duct of ono Christian man opened bis heart to re ceive tho eublimo mystery of a Redeemer who was more than man. He went to tho altar with out ono lurking doubt. Ho made himBolf like a little child, and confessed that all tbo learning he -had boen go proud of was nothing when weighed against his f riond and teachor's one act of Christian self abnegation. 'f Wbat was I that you should sacrifice yourself for ?me?' Bo said. 'When a man can bo so generous I will ho longer refuse to believe that God can suffdr and die for sinners.' 'I would have you boliovo upon hotter grounds than any friendly act of mino,' said CyriL 'I bavo been face to face with death. Men learn strange things on thoir death beds. A death-bed repontance may be a poor thina but ae death-bed revelation may compass what a life otstndy could not do.' And then. Emmanuel, being by nature an enthusiast, talked wildly of the visions of his bed of pain — the! cloud- curtain that had been liftod up from the invisible world— tho wonders that ho baa. seen and heard in that mysterious border land betwcenilifo and death. Cyril asked no more than a simplo unquestion ing belief. It was with a thrill of joy that be saw Era mannel kneeling before the altar rails, meekly lifting up hii hands to receive tho saored symbols of Divine love. Could lie leave his convert behind him in the fover-taintcd alley, where the sweet summer-tido was ever tho harbinger of death ? No. Ho made up his mind that Em manuel and his mother should go with bim. 'I am doubtful whether you would be able to live at Little Yafford by shoo-mending,' he said, when hodiscusaed the question with Joyco and the widow, ' but if I could get the schoolmaster a better birth somewhere .else I am sure you could manage tho school, with a little help from me at the beginning.' ' Oh, Sir, it would be tho very tbing for him,' cried Mrs. Joyce, ' His father began life a3 a parish schoolmaster, and ho gavo Emmanuel a good plain education. Ho was very severe with the poor lad, but that was partly in his anxiety to make bim a thorongh scholar. I don't think there's any one conld beat my boy in arithmetic, or Biblo History, I'm sure he could tcacb. You'd like to te&cb;, wouldn't you, Emmanuel?'' ' John Milton was a schoolmaster,' said Joyce, with bits faco all aglow. ' I should like it of all things— if you think I could do it, Mr. Culverhouso.' 'An for book learning,' cried the widow, ' I don't think there's ono in a thousand— no, sot even among tbe gentlefolks— has real as much as my Emmanuel.' 'A wide range of reading would hardly be ro qu'ueJ— though every teacher must be the better for it,' said Cyril, smiling. ' But I know that Emmanuel lias been well grounded in a plain English education, and that bo now thinks rightly upon religious questions, so I fancy be might teach well in our parish school. 0/ course tho first tbing to be done is to get a better placo for the present man, who is a very good master,' Cyril did not add, aa be might bavo done, that the present schoolmaster's merit* wero cbicfly bis woxk. Ho bad taken infinite pains ]to teach tbo teacher as well as tho pupils. 