THE ENCYCLICAL OF LEO XIII. A Pastoral Lkttior to tiik CiA-.nc.Y and Laity Or THE DlOCKSKS OF Srj)NKY AND AlOIIiJALE. (By Roger Bede, Archhi-vhop of Sydney end Administrator Apostolic of A/nnidalp.) EottER JJkuk, by tiie Grace of God and the favour of the Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney and Administrator Apostolic of Ar midale, to the clergy, Secular and regular, and the faithful of the said dioceses. Health and Benediction in the Lord, Reverend and Dear .Brethren, and Dear Children in -Jesus Christ,— Whenever the voice of Peter speaks to ll.s f.llM.f'. vnifi1 flnp? unf. --nr-:ilr in vm'n ? *mrl ivJwm ever the Chief Pastor of Christendom tcaclu^ the Catholic world his words are fraught with deep significance and bear about them an especia power. Particularly is this the case, when a new Pontiff addresses for the first time those, who, in various countries of the world, are charged with the anxiety of spiritual power. For, although the Church is one and immutable for ever, though her dogmatic and her moral teaching are ever harmoniously the same, still eaeli Pontiff as ho appears upon the scene is charged with his own especial, and almost personal mission to the world, and exercises his own especial gifts in an especial way for the advantage of the day in which he lives. Hence all thoughtful men throughout the world looked forward with in terest to the first utterances of our present Holy Father, and every true prelate of the Church was anxious to know his mind, and to receive from the great Leader of ecclesiastical and religious life the key-note to -which to attune his policy, and to harmonize his action. U .-. -'-.-, . ,? Our Holy Father has now spoken, and has ex pressed himself in clear, and ydistinot.: proposi- tions. He has unfolded to us, and through! us to the world, his policy ; and: it; is. foi- his children, in every part of Clivistenclom,: to adopt it/aridby their united action in .every- place -t;6 do their share in bringing to a happy issue that which, lie so ardently prays for and desires. Without delay, then, we will indicate briefly the main characteristics of the Encyclical ; and then point out in detail what the Holy Father's policy is, and how we can each one of us assist him in making it a reality. 1 The Sovereign Pontiff tells the Chief Pastors of the Churches that he addresses them not merely to express to them his love, but also to impart to them, through the grace given him by God, some portion of strength, to comfort them in their conflict in defence of the Church and in the arduous task of saving souls. He draws a graphic and depressing picture of the evils which at tins hour oppress the human race on all sides ; and with great emphasis, as 'one having power,' he indicates the main cause of the miseries lie so deeply deplores. ' We are persuaded/' says the holy Father, ' that the principal cause ofthe.se evils is to be found in the contempt and rejection of that holy and venerable authority 'of the Church which in the Divine Xanie presides over the human race, and is the sanction and f he- safeguard of all legitimate authority.' He tells us how vain is that civilization which does ' not rest ' on iho eternal principles of truth and the immutable laws of rights and justice;' and declares that civilization which thwarts the 'sacred doctrine and laws of the Church]' to be simply an empty name and a de lusive mockery. He shows how all efforts of human ingenuity after perfection not founded on the fundamental principles of the Catholic Church, have led at length to barbarism as by a law of logical necessity ; and how, on the con trary, efforts energizing from those principles .have issued into a polity which has elevated, puri fied, and perfected the condition of mankind. He recalls to mind how the Roman Pontiffs, a. being the supreme guides of Christian religion, have proved themselves in innumerable and telling instances, by their high heroism, by their daunt less courage, by their spiritual tact, by their far seeing wisdom and sympathy with the really beautiful, the saviours of their people, and the benefactors of the human race. Such names re called by him as those of St. Leo the Great, Alexander TIT., Innocent .TIL, Sf. Pius Y., and Leo X., are each of them, when taken alone, representative of large ideas and world-swaying powers,, and stand forth as examples of ' the masculine energy and elastic refinement of the Christian principle when fairly elicited through the antagonisms of the world and the pressures of subtle and determined opposition. Nor is Leo XIII. behind his great predecessors in those qualities which arc necessary to a ruler in days when to rule means to possess mi iron will, a long-sighted prudence, and a mastery over the intrigues and duplicity of men. Gifted by nature with a fine intellect and a governing will, a theologian, a philosopher, a man of letters, a deep student, Leo XIII., during a long and brilliant career in the highest offices of the Church, was gradually prepared, step by step, by a watchful Providence, for taking the manage ment of the Bark of Peter. His varied, and accurate learning, his philosophic temper, his self-possession, his knowledge of jnen and of affairs, and his political experience so fitted him in the eyes of the Sacred College for the august position of Sovereign Pontiff, that he was, in one of the largest Con claves ever known, elected in almost the shortest space of time on record. Looking back on the past eventful and glorious history of his prede cessors, he seems to drink in their temper and spirit, and through very sympathy with that long line of heroes, and through the mere fact of having been drawn into their companionship, he speaks out to the Bishops of the world words which might have (lowed from the mouth of a Gregory, an Innocent;, or an Alexander. Pope Leo XIII. declares to the world that ho will to the utmost, of his power maintain '' the rights and freedom of the Holy See.' Not that lie is moved by the vulgar vices of ' passion or ambition ;' but by his deep obligation ' to pro ect and defend Mu- full freedom of the spiritual power.' He cannot without prevaricating against a high responsibility allow those rights to be violated or trampled on. They arc. a sacred and solemn trust; confided to him, not for himself alone, but for the benefit of all mankind, for kings and common wealths, for empires and republics. He feels intensely that if the central authority of his Spiritual .Empire be shaken the world shakes. That if the voice of Peter be silenced or disregarded the issue will be anarchy and endless confusion ; and that if order, authority, morality, decency, to speak nothing of supernatural religion, arc to be fostered, they can only be permanently fostered by preserving intact that hich representative of them which for ein-li-j-.nn.n hundred yeai'.s has been steadily shining, even in times of darkness, and when flic darkness did not comprehend it. Having addressed the spiritual rulers of Christendom, the Pope then turns to the Civil order and the representatives of ? temporal power. 'But at the same time,'. says; the Sovereign Pontiff, 'we address ourselves to the princes and the supreme heads .of nations,1 and ask them urgently, by the ' a.ugust :. name ? of. the Almighty God, not ; '. 'to--:i.j.ipject;; the - -:aid which the Church' -''''offers'' them. : at a time when it is . ?'s'b';-':;'-needfiil'-'.:f6v..1 them to receive it. We' ask .themto draw; near in aii amicable spirit of concord and psace to the source of authority ; and,-. safety,;-aud' to become united more and more witlr' the'HpljSeein the bonds of a deep love and respect;. ^ May it please God that they shall recoghizethe^.truth of what we have said, and be 'persuac]ed;tlia1-'th'e /doctrine of Jesus Christ,1 as.: vK Augustine; says^'f if prac tised, is the greatest .safeguard of '?tlie;f '6bniriion wealth ; : and thnt;tlie:.p^!blitf.;pea'ce,-Wndv:'safety ?' as well-as theiv'bwn'ary/irivolv^^ of the'. 'Church .and^ri;tli^ ::6bc!dienco: given :t6'! it. .vMay'''they.':!cieVo^ gies to' the:;r6lief :of;'thb:; evils 'witli which' the Church and it's visible heM;a.re:.afficted/ and may it be flnally brought1 about that the people' over, whom they rule, having entered in tlie ways of tranquillity and justice, m%, enjoy a happy -era; of prosperity and peace.' ? ' : ? ? ? Having -thus exhorted tlie Rulers and Princes of the people, the Holy Father turns1 to the Bishops, and instructs them to speak to their people in the same sense. As he desires most ardently that princes should be at one with the supreme chair; so, also, does he wish the masses of the people to lift up their eyes and see whence their salvation comes. ' Wishing that the concord of the entire Catholic flock with the Supreme Pastor should be strengthened day by day, we address you here an especially affectionate appeal, Venerable Brethren,' says the Pope to the Bishops ; 'and warmly exhort you by your sacerdotal and pastoral vigilance, to inflame the love of religion in the hearts of those intrusted to your care, so thai, they may be attached more closely and intimately to the seal of truth and justice'; that they may receive all its doctrines with the deep est submission of spirit and will, and absolutely reject all opinions, even the most wide-spread, which may bo opposed to the teaching of the Church/' To produce this effect the Bishops are exhorted with ' an especially affectionate appeal ' to insist on the sanctity of marriage and on the duties of parents and children ; to see that the principles of the Catholic religion are fixed in the hearts of children from their earliest years ; to see that teaching is in harmony in science and discipline with the Catholic faith: and to have an especial eye on philosophy on account of its connection with religion. Having thus drawn out our duties for us, the Pope next touches on the results of such united action. (: Ti is thus,' he says, 'you will bring about a desirable reform in the morals and man ner of living of each man in particular. If the family is governed by the rules of a Chris tian life, each member of it will gradually become accustomed to cherish religion and piety, to reject with- horror false and pernicious doctrines, to practise virtue, to render obedience to the authori ties, and to repress the insatiable egotism which so much lowers and enfeebles human nature.' The Encyclical concludes with, words of en couragement; and hope. The Holy Father, whilst, oppressed by the weight of responsibility so lately placed upon him, fakes courage in the thought that there is much virtue still energizing in the world. He expresses a strong confidence that our Lord will reward such virtue by assisting His Church in an especial manner : and lie urges the prelates whom he is addressing to pray earnestly, and . to cause their people to pray for that happy issue which is in the hands of Him from whom every good and perfect gift proceeds. ' Wo have no doubt,' says the Pope, ' that these remarkable examples of filial piety and Christian virtue will powerfully touch the heart of the All-Merciful God, and will cause, Him to cast a merciful eye, on His flock, and grant peace and victory to the Church. But as we are con vinced that that peace and victory will be more readily and easily accorded to us if the faithful constantly address their prayers to God to ask Him for it, we exhort you ardently, Venerable Brethren, to excite the zeal and fervour oftlio faithful by requesting thorn to seek the mediation, at the Throne of God, of the immaculate Queen of Heaven, of St. Joseph, the celestial Patron of tho Church, and of the holy Apostles Peter and Paul, to whose powerful patronage we recommend our humble person, all orders of the ecclesiastical hierarchy, and all the flock of the Lord.' Such, then, in substance, is the first solemn ut terance of Pope Leo XIII. The aim of his Pontificate is made clear to us in it. The ob ject after which we should strive and the ten dency of our labours: should all point towards that aim. Evidently the Sovereign Pontiff is bent on making the Church's power felt more through that moral energy which is her main instrument in. gaining men over and saving their souls. He aims at increasing, purifying, and de veloping that high moral force. And he wou o do so by directly operating on ' the morals and manner of living of each man in particular.' We shall, therefore, dearly beloved, be acting in direct accord with the Holy Father's mind if we draw out. before you some kind of picture o what individuals like yourselves are capable of doing in the interests of the Church. What one man can achieve, another man, in his place and measure, can also achieve. What those who have gone before, us have effected, those w-h.o come after us, and ourselves or some amongst us, can effect likewise. We are nearer to great deeds and heroic exploits that avc imagine. Sloth blinds us ; self paralyzes us ; opposition discourages us ; we forget that wo have a God in heaven who will be our stay ; a, Christ who walked tho earth to be our example ; and thousands of saints and angels who will intercede for us if we Avill arouse ourselves up, and look upon working for the Church, so far as we can do it, as an especial work of ours ; look upon it as if her strength and fame in a measure really depended upon our stirring ourselves and taking up her cause and engaging in her battle. 11. Let us, then, endeavour as best we may. to develop four points which will complete our design in addressing you in this Pastoral Lettei*. In the first will be shown how the power of the ?Church over the minds and imagination of men springs in great measure from the high character, and heroism of her children ; secondly, how close is the tie, how intimate the brother hood between yourselves, and those who have thus laboured for the Church ; thirdly, that it is not a matter of b-ec choice, but that you are in solemn duty bound to do in your place and ac cording -to your measure, your share in. the Church's service; and lastly, we shall briefly draw your attention to tlie special method for se curing this result which is offered by the Holy Father in his Encyclical for our adoption. ' in. Our Lord and Master came on earth to redeem us, to become our Exemplar, and to create a living and world-wide polity by means of which man was to fit: himself for heaven. Trace back the history of that mighty system which we call the Catholic Church, so unique in its expansiveness, s,- unapproachable in its inllucnce ; trace it to its first original, and you will find yourself in the presence of one beautiful above the 30ns of men in whom tho fulness of the Godhead dwelt cor py rally. Jesus Christ, true God and true man, walking with His disciples in the fields of Pales tine, instilling into their mind thoughts which led to heroism and then to heaven, is tho Master builder of the vast Temple of the New Dispen sation. The system He created, He created for an espeeial purpose. Like all great inventions it was made for a distinct end, to do a specific work. Christ set up a world-renowned and world-embracing Church that it might act upon the human family one by one, purifying, ele vating, transforming them, and moulding them on the model of Himself. To be a Catholic means to be a Christian ; and to be a. Christian means to resemble Christ. The abiding work of the Church, at which she sleeplessly toils, by day and by night, without weariness, is to deal with men singly and save their soids. To carry out this world -wide mission of Christianizing each man and woman in each generation as it appeared on the earth for a season and passed away, our Lord went up to Heaven and sent down the Holy Ghost, the Paraclete, upon the great leaders of the new Institution. 'I.Avill ask the Father,' says our Redeemer, ' and He shall give you another Para clete, that Ho may abide Avith you for ever. The Spirit of Truth, whom the Avorld cannot, receive, because it seeth Him not, nor knoweth Him ; but you shall know Him because He shall abide with you and be in you.' (John xiv., 16, 17.) ' It is expedient for you that I go ; for if I go not, the Paraclete will not come to you ; but if I go I will send Him to you.' (Ibid 26.) Hence St. Paul says: ' Assending on high He led captivity captive ; He gave gifts to men.' (Ephes. iv., 4 — 16.) And to show how all men one by one are to receive of the Spirit of our Master, St. Paul in speaking of the organization of that spiritual Empire which was universal because one, says: ' One body and one, Spirit, as you are called in one hope of your calling. One Lord, one Faith, one Baptism, one God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in us all. But to every one of us is given ^race according to the measure of the giving of Christ.' (Ephes. iv., 4, 5, 6, 7.) Thus the Holy Spirit came down to fill witli His power and His presence that great system svhicli Avas'to deal with ; each individual man ac jording to his wants and his especial charactcris ;ics ; and to assist liim in gaining a happy im nortality by living 'a 'worthy life on earth. And ?hus this polity is an abiding witness to tho jowers of the Spirit and to his creative influences ind gifts, manifesting as it does, attributes which ire not to be found indisaolubh/ united and por nanently visible in any other system that has had ts day upon the earth. The perpetuity and 'isibility, the indefectibility, the infallibility, and authority,. the' unity, sanctity, catholicity, and ,posfcolicity of the Church can ;;bo. traced as so nany properties endowments and notes, proceed II g from the indwelling action of tho Spirit of 'ruth. ? And' all this was for tho sake of caching men one by one, and to secure o each and all, of whatever degree or tosition, to the poor and ignorant, as well as 0 tho rich and learned, that Avliich man cannot eeuro of himself,- — an unorring guide in faith nd morals, and a modol so essentially 'perfect hat to imitate it; is to advance in a straight line 0 wards the image and likeness of God Himself. l'Ius great polity had to bo visible to all eyes, hat all might seo it ; indefectible, that none night miss it ; infalliiblo, that not one should bo cd astray ; one, that none should doubt or bo onfused 5 holy, that it uiiglitjjlead every man to . .God. ; and Apostolical, that its teaching should ? be nothing less than the voice of God Himself. Move than this : this Spirit came to deal in a direct and. especial niannei1 -with each man and woman who was to live in the faith and teaching of this Great Moral Age,nt. The seven several channels of grace were provided with a divine ?wisdom and foresight- for meeting the wants and supplying the deficiencies of each child of Adam in every stage of existence, and in each grade of social life. From Baptism, by which the new born infant is rescued from the slavery of the fiend of darkness, and is made as free and sweet as the light of heaven, to the last anointing which soothes the weary spirit at the last, and shields it from the fiend driven out but not destroyed by Baptism, — from the ?womb to the tomb, ' the great indwelling spirit sent by Christ is actively operating and sleeplessly working in the reformation, reclamation, and salvation of the human family ; whilst our Lord 'Himself in the Eueharistic supper gives of His substance to be man'.; food, dealing with men themselves, one by one, as a friend with a friend, \- pleading, with each- separately, pouring out His grace and consolation according to the need of each, and showing each several soul a love as in tense, as personal as if that one soul were the exclusive object of all His affections and soliei 1 tilde ;? and by this means gradually transforming the frail clay, the wayward spirit into a manifes tation of Christian purity and courage. The work, then, of the Holy Ghost and of our Lord is one work : they both aim at the one same end, at turning each rational creature as it comes upon the field of life into the resemblance in mind, heart, and ? character of Jesus Christ. This is the great work of the Church in every age. It is for this she fights the world : it is for this she anathematizes its false maxims, scoffs at its vain pursuits, and ? sets to flight its empty shadows and hollow shows ; for this end she suffers all the day long, and is led like a sheep to the slaughter ; for this sake she patiently allows herself to be reviled and trampled on, to be misused and misinterpre ted ; to be dealt wilii harshly, Unfairly, cruelly : for this end she will go through the fire and ' through the water, for her love is stronger than death, nor can the Hoods quench the holocaustic burning of her charity. She is bent on one thing, and that one thing is saving souls. To '.'?suffer for that is her vocation ; to succeed in that, however much it costs her, i6 to achieve success ; to save a soul, to snntvh a brand from the burning, and to be reviled for it, is to her no punishment. She is in her voca'ion imitating her Divine Founder, 'going about doing good,' and gaining little thanks from that world which r she is using all her energy to save. Such then being the one grand aim of that Church-Empire set on earth by Christ — the turning of fallen Adam into the likeness and .? image of the Man- God, it remains to be asked : What is the Spirit of Christ? What is the distinct character and the exact figure of that model on which the rational creature hns to bo fashioned? in. ,' We will not attempt, dearly beloved, to draw a , likeness of that divine and glorious Saviour who :-;. 13 the pattern of all virtue and of every perfection. ; We. will rather present you with a portrait n ; already drawn by the master-hand of one who lived upon that life, and whose spirit was ? possessed by the abiding vision of his Must or. St. ;; Augustine's powerful intellect and burning heart ?-; seem as if made for appreciating the char.icter of , Christ. His knowledge of world:history, of the learning, the passions, the ambitions, the restless ness of the pagan civilization which preceded ?;. Christ, cleared his vision for seeing the true position of our Saviour in the world ; the work He had to do, the enemy He had to fi; lit, the kind of cross He had to carry, and the class of exuinplo He would have to give, if He aimed at ? producing a world- wide effect not on one passing generation, but on every generation to the end of ? '?? time. Speaking o£ Christ's example, of His method and His character, St. Augustine says : — ' For nothing ? did He by force but by all persuasion and exhortation. In fact the old servitu le was passed, the time of freedom had dawned, and it ?i was seasonable and salutary for man to be -. . pursuaded with how false a will he ha.l been ! created. By His miracles He obtaine ?:[ from . man faith towards His Divine Person ; by His ?passion towards His human nature. Speaking ;. to the multitude as God, when His Mot'ier was announced to Him He admitted her n. h ; and yet, as the Gospel says, He went down and was subject to His parents. For when teaching He appeared as God ; in the times of Hit life as ? man. When about to turn water into u wine as Crod He says, 'Woman, what have I to do with thce? mine hour is not yet come.' But when the hour had come for Him to ,:dio as man, from the cross He recogni/.ed His Mother, and entrusted her to the disciple whom He loved above all others. To their own des ???? traction the nations were thirsting after riches as . the ministers of pleasure ; it iris His will to be \- poor. They flung themselves upon honour and :???? power ; He refused to be a king. They thought children after the flesh a great good ; He despised '??? such, wedlock and such offspring. In their utter : pride they abhorred disgrace ; He endured every ? feind of it. They considered injuries not to be i feorae ; what greater injury than for the just and irmoennh to be condemned ? They execrated '': bodily pain; He was scourged and tormented. They feared to die ; He suffered death. They ? thought the cross fche most ignominious kind of death ; He wao crucified. Everything through the desire of having which we live amiss, : He did without, and rendered worthless. Every thing through avoiding whioh we ? shrink from the truth, He endured, and made ?'?' level to us. For it is impossible to commit any ain save by seeking for v/luifc He despised, or fjyr ? ing from what He endured. And therefore we 1 ? have a perfect system of moral discipline in His whole life on earth through fcUo human nature ?f- - Jle deigned to assume.' Such is St. Augustine's touching and striking picture of our Model and t.'odecmer. Now, to prove how accurate was the drawing of this groat artist, let us for a moment fix our rilfonfion'upon those copies of the original which, were taken in the early days of the ancient Church : for they show two things; first, howilistinH; and', unique is the Model, and then how earnestly men' worked in those days, one by .one, to form themselves upon it ; so earnestly that ' they gained 'for (his society or polity a name which was .cspacial at that day and has remained so ever since.'.. During the first, ten years 'of the second cen tury, an intelligent, -writer thus describes the character of those men and of that polity which had been modelled on the examples of our' Lord. 'Christians,' he says, are neither in country nor in customs distinguished from other men, for they nowhere inhabit 'cities which are entirely their own, nor do they use a language different from others, nor pursue a life marked by pecu liarity . . . Rather they inhabit both Greek and foreign cities, as the lot of each may bo cast ; and while they follow the habits of the country as to dress, food, and the rest, they exhibit a wonderful and confessedly strange citizenship amongst themselves. They dwell severally in their own country, but as sojourncrs. They take a share in everything as citizens, yet endure everything ns strangers. Every strange land is a country lo them, and every country a strange land '. . . They n'e in the flesh, but. do not live according to it. They dwell on earth, but their citizenship is inheaven. They obey the la'W3 winch are in i'onv,, buf surpass the laws in their own lives. -They l.-ve all and are persecuted by all. Men are ignorant of them .and condemn them. They arc put; to death, and made alive. They are poor, and enrich many. They want all things, and abound in all things. They are dis honoured, and glory in dishonour. Men -speak ill of them, and bear witness of their goodness. They are slandered, and bless ; insulted, and show respect. They do good, and are punished as evil : and in this punishment they rejoice, as filled by it with life. . Having thus drawn a picture of the early imitators of Christ, which in every touch recalls the image of the Model drawn some two hundred years later , by St. Augustine, this observant ?writer thus alludes , to the secret of their polity and power. lie sirys : 'The Almighty, all-creating, and invisible God Him self has implanted among them the Truth from Heaven, and the Holy Word incomprehensible, establishing it to abide in their hearts.' Then turning to the coming of the Saviour, he con tinues : ' This -was He whom God sent to them ; but did He send Him as any man might reason, to exercise tyranny, to inflict fear, and to amaze ? Not so, but in gentleness and meekness. . He sent Him as a king who sends his son a king : | He sent him as God ; He sent Him as uiito men : He sent Him to save them, to persuade, and not. compel, for compulsion is abhorrent, from G-od. He sent Him as loving, not ns judging ; for one day He will send Him to judge, and who shall abide His coming ? — See you not that they are tossed before the wild beasts, in order, that they may deny the Lord, and are not conquered?, See you not, the more their punishers, the more they abound? Deeds like these seem' not to be the deeds of man, but the power of God, and the sign of His presence.' This same writer next shows why Christ, came down ; and proves that God can bo imitated, explaining in words as simple ns profound1 the secret and the character of such imitation.' ,, He says that 'the Lord and Framer of. all things after having convicted in the previous period the inability of our nature to obtain life, He disclosed the Saviour, able to 'save, even what was past* sah ation, and from both those things He intended that we should trust His; goodness, and esteem Him Fosler-father, Parent,. Teacher, Counsellor, and Physician ;.ouv lntelli-* gence, our Light, our Honour, our Glory, our .-trength, and our Life. And if you yaern after this faith, and receive it, first you will come to knowledge of the Father. And then Avith .what joy will you be filled ! How will you love nim who first loved you ! And loving Him, you will imitate His goodness. JsTor be surprised that man can imitate God. He can, by God's will. For happiness consists not in riding over others, nor in the will to have more than the weak, nor in being wealthy and forcing inferiors to your will. !NTor can any one imitate God in such things ns these. They are external to His Majesty. But when one bears the burden of another, when one wishes to help an inferior out of the superiority which the bounty of God has given, such an one becomes a god to those who re ceive from him. He is an imitator of God. And in so dwelling upon earth, you will see that God in heaven administers the human commonwealth ; you will begin to speak the hiddon things of God; you will love and you will admire those who are punished because they will not deny God ; you will condemn the deceit and the error of the world when you come to the knowledge' of true life in heaven, when you despise that which is but seeming death here, when you dread the true death which is kept in store for those who shall be condemned to the eternal fire, that is to punish unto the end those who are delivered over unto it. Then you will admire those who endure for justieG'sako a, temporary fire, and in the know ledge of that other fire will hold them blessed.' (Epistle to Diognetus, by some disciple of the Apostles, written about a.d. 130,) Such, then, is the theory of the Christian polity; | such an account of its effects on the masses of men living in times close upon those of Christ Himself. Let us take a few examples in the concrete of i the workings of the Holy Spirit in the Church. j Not to speak -of the Apostles whose lives and I labours stand out in clear relief amidst so many j great confessors and martyrs whose every action and every word breathes the spirit of Him whom they loved, and for whom they died ; leaving them apart, let us — as by a stroke of the pen — I pourtray the almost fierce love of those who had been associated with the Christian spirit, and who, in their violent reaction against' the' licentiousness and egotism 'of 7 a7; corrupt age, display before us at, this hour the force of the Christian principle nnd forming .power ,of ,the Catholic Church. , - ?, , t. -s,; , , St. Paul, the hermit., lived on a few oats and a little water, 'an cV fought aie.ep as lib 'would a tyrant. St. 'Hilarion, who when fifteen years of age, ' went; naked into the wilderness though armed with Christ,'?1 and whoso countenance beamed -with'' a' heavenly' 'radiance, lived in a morals with ' gnat's aad 'flics amidst seeds and ru-hes. Peter' the- Simplo becamo a hermit .when sixty-eight. , Paplmutius, whose eye was pulled out in the ipersocutions, wns brought .up in a hermitage. . Ammon was twenty two years in .tho desert. Serapiononly wore a piece of linen about his loins. St. Omiphrious was seventy years in the wilderness. Spyridion was a shepherd in, tho Isle of Cyprus. Abbot Mark was shut upjn a cave thirty years. , Didy mus dwelt ninetj' years-alone. Abbot John lived three years on a.baro rock, without covering, , in a mournful solitude. Auxanon, , when a child, inhabited 'ai mountain cave. James of Nisibis lived for years in caverns and forests, on roots and leaves, clothed in a goat-skin. -. St. Auxentius dwelt on a wild mountain, aud St. Zeno in a tomb. But it would take too long to. enumerate even the lending heroes of the Church in 'the early day of imitation. What. Paul begau wns continued by Si. Anthony, the great giant lover of Christ, and by Macari us, and Pachomus, , and Moses, and Arsenius, nnd tho 'Pillar Saints,' and the great ' Watchers ' and ' Gazers ' on the world unseen. So early ns St. Anthony's time, St. Athannsius tells us in his life of that Hermit., '?' the cells in the moun tains wore like tents filled with - divine choirs, singing, and discoursing, fasting, praying rejoicing over the hope of. the future ? So that anyone seeing tho cells, and such an array of monks, would have cried out and said ? ' How fair .are thy dwellings, O Jacob ; nnd thy tents, O Israel, like shady groves, and like parks beside a river, and the tents which the Lord hath pitched, and like the cedars by the waters.' (S. Athnnasii Opern,*Pars' i., llist. et,Dogmat., Tom. ii., Arita et Conversio S.P.jST Antonii p. 835-976, v. -J4 p. 907; Patrolog CJ-rac. vol. xxvi.) '(To be Continued.) 