THE TBEATY OF PEACE. » The cloud of war which has for a time ap peared in the Eastern horizon is, we are happy to state, at present averted, the Treaty of Peace has been signed, the terms being such as considerable modification by Russia will enable Turkey easily to meet. Until the conference takes place, however, it is im possible to oner a reliable opinion as to the course Russia may adopt, or whether the mere signing of a Treaty which she will have small compunotion in breaking will keep this arrogant power in check. Hitherto her diplomatic conduct has rendered her untrast worthy, and we therefore hope the seeming goodfellowship now assumed may continue. The notification from official sources that Russia has dispatched an armed steamer to San Francisco, and that two of her ironclads are abeut to visit the Australian colonies has a significant meaning heightened by the cloud of war yet visible on the horizon of the past. . ....... It is satisfactory to know that in the event of war occurring England is well prepared to defend her rights and maintain her prestige as effectively as heretofore. Late telegrams state that ' the Right Hon. Gathorne Hardy, Secretary of State for War, when presenting the Army Estimates, stated that the army was thoroughly organised and in excellent condition, and consisted of 110,000 picked troops ready to take the field and 400,000 auxiliaries wh« could follow without delay.' What the effect of this notification may have ob the mind of the Czar is hard to say, but it will at least show him that Britain means business. m ? Oub Shortcomings. — We beg the indul gence of oar readers for any shortcomings in our report of the Agricultural Society's Show, as by the overcrowding of oar columns the names of several exhibitors who did not take prises are unavoidably left out. These we shall pnblish in extenso in next week's issue, with some remarks on prize-takers in horse Stock. Hotel Chahgbs. — Mr. Powell is the new landlord of the Old Bushman Hotel, having taken possession from the 'former landlady, Mrs Saint, last week. The Prince Albert is also changing landlords, Mr. J. Loftus being euceeded by Mr. M. O'Brien, of Willaston. Biflb Match — A match between the Gawler and Wallaroo Bifle Clubs is to take place to morrow, on their respective ranges. The fol lowing are the names of the Gawler men who fire on the occasion : — D. Thomson, J. Taylor, M; waice, J. omitn, m. aicuauum, ?-. mniun, and A. E. Kott. With such * crack' shots we should think the Gawler Club will not be easily vanquished. Gawleb CoBPOEATioif. — At the last meet ing only His Worship the Mayor^ and two councillors being present no business was transacted. Three of our local magnates were ill, and the other was absent on private busi ness. The report of the water supply and other works will consequently be brought for ward at their next meeting, when we trust to see a full attendance. Baptist Church.— Anniversary services in connection with this church will be held on Sunday and Monday next. On Sunday the Rev. H. J. Lambert, of Norwood, will preach both morning and evening, and on Monday a tea meeting will take place in St. George's School-room, after which there will be a public meeting in the Baptist Church, when addresses will be delivered by the Revs. H. J. Lambert, J. M. Day, J. H. Halberg, and others. Subbing Timbs.— This week, as may be expected, has proved a busy one for Gawler —first in the preparations necessary for the Agricultural and Floriculturai Society's Show, and lastly by the large concourse of visitors who came from all parts of the country to witness it. It is computed that on Thursday there were not less than 3,000 strangers in town, and every street bore a lively appearance, Murray-street especially presenting quite a gala aspect. In the eveti ne the attractions were Burton's Circus and the Institute, the latter being well attended and honored by the presence of the fair sex. Our local bands united to . make matters pleasureable te the company assembled, and universal satisfaction was expressed on all sides at their efforts to please. Lighting Mttrbay-stbeet with Gab.— ? The approach of the winter months, and the absolute necessity which has long existed for this street being lighted with gas, has given rise to the suggestion that if -half a dozen pillar Iamp3 were lit they would prove a safe guard to property, and prevent accidents to which unlucky pedestrians whose business or pleasure may lead them forth ' after dark,' are too oft subjected. The police could then patrol other portions of the town, as the lights above mentioned would prove highly effec tive in checking larrikinism, robbery, and other lawless acts. We trust our Councillors will take note of our suggestion, and intro duce the matter at their next meeting. Ixsolvency. — The adjourned final hearing in re Alexcnder McLean, farmer, of Ward's Belt, Mudla Wirra, took place in the In solvency Court on Tuesday last. Mr. W. V. Smith appeared for the insolvent, Mr. J. H. Symon for the assignee, and several opposing er.ditors, and Mr. W. R. Wigley for the principal creditor, Mr. Sparshott. Mr. Smith examined the insolvent with a view to dis prove the grounds for laying the charges of raudulent preference, postponing the act of insolvency, and neglecting to keep proper books of account. Mr. Symon asked the Cour- to suspend the certificate for two years, and a second-class certificate was granted, to -e suspeaded for 18 months. Mas. MuuxB.— This lady, an old and much esteemed resident of Gawler, and the wife of Mr W. Muller, once landlord of the Commercial Hotel, Murray-street, died somewhat suddenly at her residence, Nor* wood, on the 25th ult. Mrs. Muller had with her husband amassed by frugality and prudence sufficient to retire into private life, and it was therefore sad that she did not. live to enjoy the fruits of her labors. She was in her 36th year, and her loss will be severely felt in the domestic circle. [The ab ve local was unavoidably crowded ont from our columns last issue.] Oub Voiuktebbs.— This company was to have met on Tuesday evening hist, but in con sequence of the inclemency of the weather drill was postponed until to-morrow after noon. A good muster is likely to take place, as the occasion is announced as ' pay day.' We should like to see them turn out in true military style, and they would doubtless do so, but that the contractor has not yet got their-uniforms finished. A great adjunct to the company would be the formation of a Military Band, and this might be accom plished, either by the volunteers giving a trifle from their pay, or by subscription-lists being left with our local tradesmen, who would, further the object in view, by not only giving their own share towards the expense, but inducing others to do so. Db. Retnolds's visit to Gawt.ee. — HiB Lordship, Dr. Reynolds, Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, arrived in Gawler by the 5.30 p.m. down train on Saturday last, March 2nd, and remained atS.S. Peter and Paul'sJPresbytery till Monday evening, when he returned by the 5.30 up train. The principal object of his Lordship's visit was to convene a meeting of the Catholics of the district in order to set on foot a collection to raise funds for the erection of a new church in Gawler, the present one being too small for the wants ef the congregation. Immediately on his arrival his Lordship put on his canonicals and went into cue cnurca w aasist ,a_uuos a.icock, who was engaged in the confessional with the candidates for confirmation, and a very large number of the congregation besides, and there he was employed until about 9 o'clock. On the following morning the Bishop celebrated the 8 o'clock Mass, at which there were over 200 communicants. At the end of Mass he administered the sacrament of confirmation to the candidates, and prepared 63 in num ber. Before confirming the Bishop addressed a most eloquent and touching injunction to those about to receive the sacrament. He spoke of the gifts of the Holy Ghost, which they would receive in confirmation, and ex plained to them how much they stood in need of wisdom, prudence, and fortitude, and the other gifts of the Divine Spirit, in order to escape the snares of the world, avoid the stratagems of the devil, and triumph over the suggestions of the flesh. He warned them, in a particular manner, against bad com panions, exhorted them never to allow human flesh to influence their actions, under no circumstances ever to be ashamed of their religion, reminding them of the threat of our Divine Saviour, that those who are ashamed of Him before men He will be ashamed of them before His JTeavenlv 'Father. Tn p.nn. elusion, he asked all those who were under the age of 21 years to make a solemn promise of total abstinence until they should have feached that age, as a thanksgiving to God for the graces and favors received in confirma tion, and as some little reparation for the in numerable offences committed against His Divine Majesty by drunkenness. They all made the promise on the spot, repeating the words after His Lordship. The Rev. Abbot Alcock celebrated the 10 o'clock Mass at which there were between 20 and 30 4o re ceive that communion. The sacred edifice was crowded to excess. At the termination of Mass the Bishop held the meeting, for which he had principally come down to Gawler. His Lordship gave a brief sketch of the mission from its foundation. Gawler was the second place in the colony where the Catholics had a church. The first place in which they worshipped was very small and poor. In a short time a larger and more be fitting house of God was erected. Then came the present church, opened over 20 years ago, which was then looked upon as something grand — a splendid church. And now, said his Lordship, I am delighted to nnd that it is far too small, it will not hold your increased members, and you are crying out for more room. God be praised. His Lordship then proceeded to point out to them hoyr, with very little sacrifice, they might build a church which would be worthy of the name, and do credit to the Catholics of Gawler and the surrounding district. They were at least 1,000 in number ; none of them 'twas true could be called, rich, but none of them could be said to be poor. There were a lew mignt oner to give £5G, some would give £20, others £10, others £5, and there were some who could not afford at least £1. Let them act unitedly, and with a good will, and they would soon have the consolation of seeing a magnificent building, a beautiful church in their midst. A committee had already been formed. The pastors of the mission, the Right Rev. Abbot Alcock and the Rev. F. Anselm Fox were members ex officio. The Rev. Abbot Alcock was chosen President by the congregation, Mr. J. Calla ghan was elected Secretary, and Mr. Rody Sheedy was elected Treasurer. All monies collected to be deposited in the Bank iu the joint names of the two pastors of the mission and two laymen, one appointed by the Bishop, the other chosen by the congrega ion. Work was commenced at once, and Mr. J. J. Callaghan, Secretary, took down names for sums promised to the amount of £500. In .the evening at 7 o'clock the Right Rev. Abbot Alcock officiated at Vespers, at the close of which he preached on the virtue of charity, taking for his text the last words of the epistle of the day — ' Now there re mains these three, Faith, Hope, and Charity.' The Right Rev. preacher showed in what sense charity was, it was said to be greater than either of the other two theological virtues, viz., because when the other two had ceased to be charity would still exist, and would continue through all eternity. He in sisted on the necessity of the practice of this virtue, serving God for his own sake above all things, and loving one another in God and for God. That this was the only way in which we could show ourselves true Chris tians, that is, followers of Jesus Christ. 'In this shall the world know that you are my disciples, if you love one another.' At tke conclusion of the sermon His Lordship the Bishop gave Pontifical Benediction, assisted by the Abbot of Gawler. On Monday the Bishop, accompanied by the Abbot, went to visit the sick members of the congregation. He addressed a few words of comfort and consolation to each in a kind, fatherly man ner, and left them full of joy, that their good Bishop, formerly their zealous and beloved pastor for several years, should have conder scended to visit them. Hia Lordship re turned to Adelaide by the 6.30 p.m. train. !he Abbot accompanied him to the 6tation. Accident,— Last Saturday at the Old Bushman Sale Yards, Mr. H. J. Lawes, who resides near Sandy Creek, was kicked by a horse in the groin. It was at first supposed the hurt was of a serious nature, but though still suffering, Dr. Dawes pronounces him out of danger. Last year a man was killed by the kick of a horse at the same spot, and the auctioneer had a chain put np to prevent such accidents. If people will risk the danger of horses heels the salesman is not to blame. ELEcnoNEEBiNa.— Various rumours are afloat as to the coming men for Barossa, but as yet intending candidates have been some what chary ;of ' showing out.' A requisi tion signed by nearly 400 electors has been presented to Mr G. S. Fowler but that gentle man has declined the proposed honor of re presenting them in Parliament. Mr. Scott, the mayor of Adelaide, and one or two others have also been requested to suffer themselves to be placed in nomination, but have all declined. Surely an important district such as Barossa, having a town second only to Adelaide itself, ought not to be compelled to go begging for an intelligent member to re present its interests in the halls of Legisla tive wisdom. In our advertising columns will be seen the address presented-to G. S. Fowler, Esq., J.P., with the reply returned by that gentleman as to his reasons for declining the honor of representing this dis trict. ^ With_ Mr. Fowler, we, too, believe there is nothing like a localv man as a repre sentative,; such a one only can properly understand, or take interest in the place of his nativity or adoption, or can be expected to devote time and attention to local interests Gawleb Institute. — The usual monthly' meeting was held on Tuesday evening. The President (Mr. J. M. Bailey), Mr. Oldham (vice-president), Geo. Warren J.P., L. S Burton (treasurer), B. E. Deland, A. J Woodman and Taylor were present. Mr H. A. Price, the hon. secretary, sent in hiQ resignation in consequence of leaving Gawler It was received with regret and a vote of thanks was passed unanimously .for his late services. The entertainment committee re ported that arrangements had been made for Easter Monday to hold a grand concert, the best talent available being engaged by Mr. J. W. Daniels, who is preparing a programme worthy of the object. The class room was in future to be the committee room, that room to be appropriated for books of reference under certain surveilliance, as there was some very expensive volumes in that department, including Hogarth's Works of Art, &c.; The President was glad to state that the reported robbing of specimens from the Museum was not so serious as at first supposed. Two out of three of the specimens displaced had been found, but it was evident that some one bad been tampering with them, as the locks . on the glass cases showed certain marks. It was resolved to procure some more substan tial locks than these which could be opened with a common piece of wire. A notice of motion was given that a sum be set apart for purchasing a kitchen range for 'Cookery Classes. A vote of thanks to Mr. Todd, C.M.G., for liis kindness in communicating with the telephone was passed which closed the proceedings. The Weatheb. — From all parts of the country tidings of heavy yet welcome rains are to hand, the dowpour being far in excess of what has fallen for years. The pleasure of such reports is, however, considerably marred by the intelligence that in some Dnpniitiaa xehat. vrniHA ntlinririan \mva \\\aan ^tailed as a blessmg has created- a considerable amount of damage. In Adelaide, our city correspondent states ' the roads have been frightfully cut up, the Botanic Garden walks completely knocked out of shape, several valuable shrubs displaced, the Frome bridge carried away, and wreckage hitherto unpre cedented is everywhere visible.' While Gawler has in common with the rest of places shared in the pluvial overthrow, we are happy to learn no damage has been done in or round it, its elevated position entirely precluding the possibility of any such catastrophe. A deal of silt came down from the high lands during the late storm, and with this unpleas ant exception, which our energetic corporation wilL doubtless attend to shortly, the splendid rains have proved beneficial. Tanks are now full, and it is the fault of householders themselves if they should be short of water from the neglect shown in its conserva tion. Bazaab- — A Bazaar in aid of St. George's Sunday-school was held iu the Gawler Insti tute Hall, on Monday and Tuesday last, an at the Oddfellow's Hall on Thursday. Th6 articles exhibited were of a varied character comprising the useful and ornamental, many of which were of the moBtrecherche description The energy shown by Mesdames Tames Bright Coombs, Cherry, Chapmsa. T. O. Jones, Lewis, Lawes, Pitman, Rudall, Snellgrove, Thornby and Warren, with the Misses Crace, Engelbrecht and Milne combined to make the matter the success it would not otherwise have been. The takings were about £230. Bnt for the drain on the public exchequer for the local Agricultural Show, there is little doubt the Bazaar would have been more largely patronised. Extensive encroach ments on our space prevent a lengthy report of the proceedings, but where there was much to eulogise and little to censure, we are certain all visitors were well satisfied. The bazaar will be again re-opened in the Insti tute to-morrow, when we trust it will receive extensive patronage. Br/BToir and Tatlob's Cibcus.— Yesterday evening the pavillion of this popular troupe was filled with a large and appreciative talent have been introduced into the ring. Notably the Walhalla Bros., whose exhibi tions of leaping, trapeise, and other perfor mances have, we believe.never been surpassed, if approached. Mr. Leopold, a late addition to the company, performed several times the extraordinary feat of a double sommerSault over ten horses. Wilson, the clown, is an excellent and witty fellow, quick and original in repartee and funny sayings, and as may be expected kept the audience convulsed with laughter with his comicalities. The last time the circus visited Gawler some unpleasantness occurred with Benhamo and others connected with it, and but tor the perfect self-possession which such a gentleman as Mr. Burton maintains under difficulties their withdrawal from the company might have had serious effects. Mr. Burton always acts justly, not osly to himself but the public, and ho matter what his employees may do he at least keeps faith with his patrons. The circus is about to pay a visit to Jamestown and the Northern Areas, where as heretofore with its now in creased attractions it is sure to be welcome. Kjn leaving town, j-ir. xmrcon, in ms usual kind manner, presented a cheque for £5 5s to the Gawler Institute, a circumstance characteristic of his generous nature Two travelling performers, ncmed Lloyd and Williams, were almost exhausted from want of water while travelling near Mudgee The last amed eventually died of thirst 