IJw Wimrn ëmm. tie for St. PUBLISHED DAILY. f; 0 Thursday. February 28, 1878. cor -.- fun AT the European Conference which is about to be held at Baden-Baden the Powers represented will be those whose plenipotentiaries signed the Treaty of Paris in 1856, at the termination of the Crimean war. That treaty was signed on the 30th day of March, and an interval of almost exactly twenty-two years will therefore have elapsed by the time the representatives of the Powers shall have met and exchanged ratifications. It will be but natural that all minds will intuitively revert to the earlier event and review the alterations which time and fortune have since then wrought in the relative position of nations. The most strik- ing distinctions will be found in the cases of Germany, Italy, and France. At the former Congress the two first nationalities were not heard of, although in fact they were represented under the style of the Kingdoms of Prussia and Sardinia. France on that occasion was the greatest among the Continental Powers. Prussia was admitted only on sufferance, the King of that nation being invited at the last moment by the other Powers to send representatives to assist in fixing a scheme of universal pacification. Russia put in an appearance checked, humbled, yet exasperated, as a culprit in the presence of his peers to submit to judgment. The interval of twenty-two years has witnessed the operation of prodigious changes. The despised Prussia of 1856 has expanded into the potent- almost the pre- dominant-Empire of Germany, while Great Britain, which came to the earlier congress flushed with victory and better prepared than at any immediately preced- ing period to enforce her demands by fresh resort to arms, has been taunted very recently with affronting rumors that she would be altogether excluded' from participation in the settlement of affairs. It is impossible but that the coming Conference will be approached by some nations with a sense of humiliation and embarrassment, and by others with a glow of exultation, The plenipotentiaries will have ever haunting them the ghost of the Treaty of Paris-that treaty which all the Powers solemnly pledged themselves to respect, which several vowed to uphold with their utmost strength, and which has, nevertheless, been strangled by some nations under the very eyes of those others which had mutually sworn to protect and uphold it. Like a spectre, the shade of that treaty will be perpetually hovering around the negotiators of to-day, its presence serving to reproach some with perfidious violence, and others with pusillaniinousness almost equally perfidious. There are articles in the Treaty of Paris which road like a bitter satire on the vanity of Congresses and on the efficiency of any determination the contracting parties may agree upon with relation to the future. Remembering that it is little more than twenty years ago since their Majesties of Great Britain, Austria, France, Prussia, Russia, and Sardinia engaged, each on his own part, " to respect the independence and the territorial integrity of the Ottoman Empire, and to guarantee in common the strict observance of that engagement," how futile as affecting the nations a quarter of a century hence, must appear any pledge that may be given at the coming Conference. To the majority of mankind who seriously and sincerely desire a conclusive pacification of Europe, nothing could be more depressing and disheartening than to contemplate by the light of the Treaty of Paris the probability of any permanent advantage accruing from the Conference which is about to commence its sittings. A perusal of that treaty shows that scarcely an article of real importance has escaped infringement and violation in spirit if not also in the very letter. By article three Russia restored Kars to Turkey. Kars has been seized again. By the ninth article the Sultan communicated his purpose of dealing equal treatment to his Christian and Mahommedan subjects, and it is specially stated that this communication " cannot, in any case, give to the Powers the right to interfere, either collectively or separately, in the relations of his Majesty the Sultan with his subjects, nor in the internal administration of his Empire." Yet but a few months ago all the Powers collectively did interfere, and appointed a Conference, at which an ultimatum was presented to the Sultan, entirely disturbing his relations with his subjects, and affecting the internal regulation of hisjlmplro1; and, later, Russia has invaded the Ottoman dominions, so strongly guaranteed against intrusion, with the declared purpose of interfering in these relations, and that internal administration. Article thirteen provides that neither Czar nor Sultan shall establish or maintain any military-marine " arsenal on the shores of the Black 'Sea. Sebastopol,' however, is a more tremendous arsenal than ever it was. By article twenty-six the Roumanian principalities made subject to the Porte by previous articles-is permitted to sustain a national armed force to insure the security of the frontier. That armed force, in lieu of defending the frontier, has joined the invader, and power- fully assisted to strike a vital blow in the bosom of its suzerain. Another article stipulates that no armed intervention can take place in Servia without previous agreement between the high contracting Powers; yet without any pretence of such agreement the revolt of Servia was sustained by whole battalions of Russian troops, surreptitiously introduced into Servia and openly led to battle by a Russian general. What significance can be attached to the labors of a conference which will sit down to deliberate knee deep so to speak in the shreds and tatters of a solemn treaty of but twenty-two years standing. From conferences, treaties, pledges, and alliances the world has obviously little to hope as yet. Europe ferments and is seething in the first stages of political decomposition. A conference is but a cork, and may, for a time repress, but cannot prevent the' ultimate explosion and re-adjustment of particles. It is well to realise the worst and to recognise the fact, that although a chemical decomposi- tion may by art be killed, human knowledge has not yet devised a process for staying and arresting political fermenta- tion. Before Europe arrives again at a condition of placidity and rest, we greatly fear her surface must be turbid with wars and sufferings and her constituent parts will not attain rest until an essential re- adjustment of atoms has utterly changed her political constitution. the the ] has the wh opi sys nee ha] pre rat ho] me a n sue lw dis var mi of tk be the in of sym- that he be his we may be Lit WE have repeatedly drawn attention to the extravagant scale upon which our Civil Service is worked, and have expressed an opinion that no reform, or diminution of the numbers employed and of the amount expended, can be expected as long as entrance to the service is obtained through Ministerial patronage. The pressure upon Ministers by their supporters, both in and out of Parliament, will always be greater than men who only hold their own positions by the assistance of those who important them can fairly be expected to withstand. If we wish to restrict the number of our Civil servants to that which is absolutely sufficient to perform the work in the public offices, we must deprive a Minister, or any other man, of the power to make appointments. As long as any man retains that power he will be compelled to exercise it, sometimes unnecessarily. We have so often discussed this subject that we should scarcely have recurred to it again at the present time if it had not been for the i remarkable expression corroborating our own opinion, which fell from the Minister for Works when answering a deputation at Gympie lately. Amongst other matters, the gentlemen comprising this deputation represented to Mr. Miles the necessity for the appointment of an Inspector of Mines at Gympie. into the merits of this demand we do not intend to go. We deal only with a portion of the Minister's reply to it. Mr. Miles said (see report in Gympie Times of 6th instant) " he could assure them that in his department he could fairly dismiss one-third of the present staff and have the work done better. The fact was that the Civil Service was being increased so fast that they had to extend their public buildings every year to give them accommoda- tion not to enable them to do the work, but to while away the time." Such an acknowledgment coming from a Minister of the Crown should be the prelude to such legislation as would tend to prevent the increase of the Civil Service beyond the number actually required to perform the public work. It at all events proves the necessity for such an act. If Mr. Miles' statement is true as regards the condition of the Works Department over which he presides, what must be the state of the other offices? There are many reasons why we should expect that the number of idlers, or ornamental super- numeraries, is less in the Works than in the other departments of the Government service. In the first place a very large proportion of the officers of that department are employed on the railways or in connection with the various other works, some surveying, others preparing plans, and others superintending the working. There is an actual visible reason in fact, one which the public can see and understand, for the employment of these men, whilst in other departments there are many officers whose duties, and the necessity for whose existence, is not to be perceived even by an editor, the most omniscient of mortals. We have even been led to believe, and not very long ago, that certain branches of the Public Works De- partment the railway draftsman's office, for instance-were working short- handed, and that the preparation of plans was thereby delayed; and yet we are told that, taking the department as a whole, it has one-third more officers than are required. In the second place, the salaries of the junior officers of this department are not high, whilst, except for the merely clerical work, some professional qualifica- tion is necessary to its members. It does not offer, in fact, to the languid swell or to the political loafer either the tempta- tions or the opportunities which the other departments do, and it is, therefore, really alarming to be told, by the best authority, that even in this department one- third of the employés might be dismissed without their loss being felt. Even assuming that Mr. Miles spoke hastily and without considering his words, they at all events prove that one of those who should be best able to form a correct opinion believes that under our present system our Civil Service has grown unnecessarily numerous and expensive We have no doubt_that..Mr. Miles would be prepared to maintain that position at any rate, and we are therefore justified in hoping that the Ministry of which he'S'a* member will no longer delay to introduce a measure for the purpose of remedying such a serious evil. In all that we say on this subject we have no desire to lower the character or disparage the ability of our public servants. We all know that a Civil Service must be maintained to perform the work of the State. It is for the public benefit that that service should be so paid, and held in such esteem, that it may attract the ability of the country, and that a place in it may be an object of ambition to men of the highest character. The present system, however, lowers the character of the service, and tends to excite public hostility and suspicion against its members by confounding the really necessary, hard working, and useful staff, with those who are made pensioners of the State by means of political influences. None, we feel certain, will gain more than the Civil servants themselves by such an alteration in the mode of appointment as by render- ing political influences powerless, would satisfy the public that henceforth the strength of the Service would not be unnecessarily increased. The support which Mr. Berry receives from the people of Victoria in his present treatment of the Civil Service there is in no small measure due to the fact that an impression has long prevailed amongst them that their interests have been sacrificed and their money taken to pay men who had no claim upon the country for the service they rendered. Mr. Miles will, no doubt, be reminded of his Gympie speech when Parliament meets, unless a satisfactory Civil Service Bill is introduced. Such a bill as that which was introduced last session will not, we may warn him, be considered accept- able by any who are in earnest in demanding the proper regulation of the Service. The Ministry have the power of decid- ing what new offices it is necessary from time to time to create. As long, therefore, as a Minister has the power to ap- point whom he will to fill such office he may have an interest in creating it, or pressure may be brought to compel him to create and to fill it. If he has no power to appoint, he will have no interest in creating a new appointment, nor will any of his supporters, since, if it be filled by a candidate who successfully competes for it, it will be impossible to tell beforehand who may gain it. No bill therefore that does not provide that the entrance into the public service shall be by competition will be acceptable to that party which is anxious to limit the strength and the cost of our Civil Service. We commend the extract from Mr. Miles' speech, which we have quoted above, to the attention of our readers. They will recollect that the money which is paid for the maintenance of the Civil Service comes out of their pockets, and Mr. Miles states that one-third of it is wasted - paid for nothing. To us it seems that this matter of the proper regulation of the Civil Service is one of the most important items of public business which are now before the country. We trust it may be satisfactorily dealt with in the coming session of Parliament; but, if it is not, we recommend the electors to treasure up Mr. Miles' words, and at the general election, which must come before the end of this year, to demand from every candidate a pledge to abolish Ministerial patronage. In wishing that this might be done we wish the present Ministry no harm. Some people imagine that the power of patronage strengthens the Ministry in whose hands it lies. We believe precisely the contrary. Every Ministry which has been in power for the last ten years has had its appointments severely criticised; and justly in many instances. They have alienated public confidence by the very appointments which were forced upon then by their supporters, at the same time that they disappointed a dozen expectants for every one that they satisfied. The Ministry would, we believe, be great gainers if, patronage being taken out of their hands, they could no longer be expected to provide for the proteges of their party, or blamed for refusing to do so. At all events, whether the change strengthened or weakened the Ministry of the day, it would operate in the same way on the fortunes of the opposite party when in power, and would ultimately affect both sides of the House alike. I tele exa by as a one Uni stet seen first s tar PS? and oft the time as she the to be the will to Bu fer Qu Eu red to Tr at YESTERDAY the weather was fine, and moderately fine in the coastal districts south of the Burnett, thence northward showery, Rockhampton and further north, heavy rain. Inland of the Downs rain increasing in heaviness towards the interior, with a south-east and easterly wind, while from Normantown southwards, rains from the north-west have prevailed. There appear to be indications of further rain. The heavy rainfall of the past few days on the Warrego and its tributaries, and also on other western rivers, will certainly cause them to rise rapidly, and communication, therefore, is likely to be more or less interrupted with stations out west. The rainy season has undoubtedly made its appearance at last. The direction of the wind remains easterly on the coast, and so long as this continues we may expect rain at this period of the year. The following were the rainfalls recorded at 9 a.m. yesterday Charleville, 3-00 ; Nive Downs, O'SO ; Tambo, 188 ; Blackall, raining ; Banana, 0-17 ; Mackay, 0-96 ; Bowen, 0-43 ; Townsville, 471 ; Gilbert River, 655 ; Georgetown, 0-85. From Stanthorpe through the Downs it was fine, and in a westerly direction to the coast, but it is unsettled in the north. THE management of the theatre have decided to close the building till the arrival of the new company, which is expected to open on March 9\. There was consequently no performance last night. The decision arrived at is a good one, inasmuch as it was simply impossible to give even a decent rendering of any piece with the limited amount of talent at command. THE Georgia Minstrels arrived in the steamer Leichhardtlostnight. They give theirfirstperform ance to-night at the School of Arts, and judging from the crowd which attended them from the steamer to their hotel they will have a full house on the first appearance. Emu op at IT is very difficult indeed to gather from the telegrams from Europe, with any degree of exactness, what are the terms of peace demanded by Russia of Turkey. They seem to ooze out, as it were, a little at a time rather than to be at once plainly and definitely stated, and the only thing about them that seems uniform is their steady enlargement. The indemnity demanded seems either to have been incorrectly stated at first,- or to have grown enormously since first stated. In like manner, the guarantees for its paymentJäeem_to_become more comprehensive, and more substantial. There are also symptoms of a design on the part of Russia to introduce, at the proposed conference at Baden-Baden, questions not at all directly connected with the war as between Russia and Turkey. In fact, we should not be surprised to find that by the time the conference assembles, Turkey will have entered into certain engagements utterly impossible of fulfilment, and that the submitting of them to the representatives of the other Powers will be deemed by the Russian Plenipotentiary to be little more than a courteous formality. But then it may be said, what need of a conference at all if that is all that is to come of it Quite true, but may it not be the policy of Russia, supported by Germany, to endeavor to reopen certain important questions supposed to have been definitely set at rest when the Treaty of Paris was signed ? Granted that this is mere surmise and speculation, it receives more than a show of probability from the rumor that it is proposed to close the Baltic against the vessels of any power excepting those nations whose shores are washed by its waters. These are Russia, Germany, Sweden, and Denmark, and it is very obvious that though Sweden and Denmark now hold the gates, as it were, of the Baltic, they would, in the event of such a determination being come to, be utterly power lose to preserve even an appearance of neutrality. Russia would absorb Sweden and Norway and push its frontier to the shores of the German Ocean, and Germany would swallow Denmark. There would be no more question of fortifica- tions on the Aland Isles, and at the will of these two powers the Sound would be closed for all purposes of commerce, while inside its intricate channels Russia and Germany might accumulate a navy which could not be assailed, and could choose its own time for coming out and assuming the offensive. The control of the Baltic would be a vast acquisition, both com- mercially and politically, and as it is a sea easily defended, if Denmark and Sweden were disposed of, by two such mighty nations BB Germany and Russia, it will not be surprising if to obtain it should be a grand ambition of Bismarck and Gortschakoff. England, during the Crimean war, sent a fleet into those waters, under Admiral Napier, whose operations, if they did not seriously influence the result of the struggle, at least created an important diversion in favor of the armies sent to the Crimea and the fleets maintained in the Black Sea, Russian merchant vessels were cut out and captured, vast quantities of naval stores were destroyed, and Russian ports and towns bombarded ; but the passage of the great belt, so easily accomplished then by the allied fleets, would have proved a very difficult, if not an impossible, task had Sweden and Denmark not preserved a strict neutrality. This neutrality could no longer be hoped for, however, if Germany and Russia were to combine to close the Baltic as their wishes would be commands to the smaller Powers, who, if permitted to retain a nominal independence, would do so merely on sufferance. VOLUNTEERING affairs still maintain a lively and energetic aspect, and the force increases in numbers and efficiency in a manner which is highly creditable considering the amount of dis- couragement and neglect with which the men have had to contend. A meeting was held at the drill yard yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of enrolling recruits for D. company of rifles, and some thirty names were handed in to Major Snelling, who presided ¡ these, with the transfers of surplus members from other companies, have enabled the company already to reach its minimum strength of fifty. In order to ensure the speedy efficiency of the recruits, drill will be held on every Monday at the railway station, and on Wednesdays and Fridays at the drill yards. Anyone desirous of joining either C. or D. company may present himself for enrolment on either of the evenings named. It is expected that the recruits of D. company will be dismissed drill in April next, when steps will be taken for the election of officers in the meanwhile, the efficients of this company will attend all drills and parades of B company. The first drill of the newly- formed garrison battery was held yesterday evening, when about thirty members were present. Tenders are now invited for the supply of full-dress uniforms for B. company and it is probable that officers commanding other companies will also avail themselves of the accepted tender, so that the whole of the metropolitan battalion may be furnished to the greatest advantage. Notwithstanding the unfavorable state of the weather of late, the drills have all been well attended, and the railway station and drill yards are now in requisition for such purposes every night in the week. The repairs of the drill sheds, George-street have been commenced, but with the increasing strength of the force it is imperative that immediate steps should be taken for the construction of proper drill sheds, orderly rooms, and memories, for which a sum was voted on the Estimates last session, The following figures give an approximate idea of the strength of the metropolitan brigade Artillery, 160 men ; engineers, 80 ; rifles, 320 in all, 560 men-a number which before the end of March it is fully anticipated will be increased to 650. The cadets will receive their new uniforms at the drill yards next Saturday evening, and in connection with this branch of the service we understand that the head-master of the Brisbane Grammar School intends taking early steps for the formation of a cadet corps at the school, a movement which might probably be extended to other public schools with advantage. THE Valley Drainage Committee, consisting of Mr. Beattie, M.L.A., Revs. James Love and John Kingsford, Aldermen Heal and M'Master and Mr. Fitzgibbon, waited upon the hon. the Colonial Treasurer yesterday morning to learn what the Government intended to do with the drainage question. The hon. John Douglas, Premier, was also present. Mr. Dickson said that a temporary culvert should be opened in the Bulimba-road, to facilitate the flow of water through the present watercourse, and this was about as much as could be done to afford temporary relief. Some conversation took place regarding the feasibility of raising sufficient funds by the sale of Crown lands within the Valley Drainage District, to enable the Government to carry to completion the storm-water drainage scheme proposed by Mr. Nisbet, but we believe that nothing of a definite nature transpired on this subject. The deputation thanked Mr. Dickson for the courteous reception he had accorded them, and withdrew. The public meeting adjourned from last Saturday will be held this evening, in the Church of England Schoolroom, in the Valley, to receive the report of the committee. His Worship the Mayor will preside. 