Ar AII'S OF THE DAY. Lord Beaoonafisld on tho 20th Snst. refused the demand made by the leaders of the Liberal party for the immediate assembling of tho Imperial Parliament to discuss the posi tion of affairs with relation to Afghanistan. A iiparently the spirit of the British public was aroused by tho curtness of tuo Premier s rcplv, and steps havo been taken that even Disraeli dare not disregard. Now we learn that he has conceded the request which only two days previously he would not entertain. Parliament is to be assembled, and without unnecessary delay, as tho session will be commenced on Thursday, the 5th of Decem ber. The fortress of Ali Musjid has been cap- tnred once more by tho British, and at a loos which so far us reported amounts to only two Imperial officers killed, and forty sepoys killed or wounded. Un less this return is very materially in creased by later returns, it would appear that the strength of the place must have been greatly overrated hitherto, or else tho troops of tho Ameer have not had the means of injuring their assailants or the will to use them. However it happened, the rood to Jel&kibad;, which is about twenty-five wiles distant, may be doomed to ho open. It is possible, nevertheless, that the enemy may have profited by the experience gained when Afghanistan was last invaded, and Lava thrown up works on the road that will cause trouble to the advancing Anglo-Indian troops, and greatly retard their progress. At another point an onward movement has been made by the forces colleoted at Qucttah, and they have taken possession of Kualilak. Tho rapidity with which tho simultaneous advance baB been made from different points of tho frontier must show the Ameer that tho British Government possess the power to enforce their demands. Possibly tho prompt action may have already had its effect upon tho Afghan ruler, and the gift of a costly sword from General Kaufmann, with the expression of Russian sympathy with the potentate, may have been necessary to ensure his persistence in defying the power of Great Britain. It cortainly shows the extreme interest taken by Russia in the struggle which has been caused by her dip lomatists, and will prevent any surprise from being felt should material aid be afforded to Afghanistan by the Muscovite troops who now occupy Balkh. Both Houses of Parliament will meet to morrow afternoon, but as far as the Legisla. tive Assembly iB concerned the business of th8 session is practically at an end. It ap pears necessary, however, that both Houses should be in session until the Appropriation Bill has passed through tho Legislative Council, after which tho prorogation may take place at once. In the Legislative Council the resolutions submitted by Mr. Cuthbert are to be discussed, and tbey will probably be adopted, possibly with Borne amendments, and sent to the Assembly to-morrow evening. The intention of the Council of course will be that any resolu tions they may agree to shall form the basis of some arrangement whereby a settlement of the reform question may be effected. If anything is to be accomplished in that direc. tion, however, the resolutions of which Mr. Cuthbert has given notice will require ma terial modilicatiou. The demands of the Legislative Council, as set forth in these resolutions, are even more _ exorbitant thnn they were as set forth in the bill sent down to the Assembly some time ago, and they give still less satisfaction even to the members of the Opposition. Should tho reso lutions he adopted hv the Logislativo Council and sent to tho Assembly to-morrow even ing they will at onoe be discussed. The Government will invite members of tho House generally to express their opinions upon them, and it is probable that tho de bate may occupy a couple of days. This discussion will doubtless prove of much im portance in connection with the reform move ment, and may lead to a Berious change in the political situation. It may possibly lead to some definite expression of opinion from the Opposition as to what shape any reform ought to take, and it will certainly have the effect of enabling the country to clearly understand what amount of coucession is likely to be obtained from the Legislative Couuoil. During the whole of the time that the Government bill was under discussion in the Assembly not the slightest intimation was given by the Opposition as to the kind of reform that would satisfy that section of the House. Should the discussion of tho resolutions elicit any definite declaration of opinion from thetu, it will not have been without Us utility. The Railway department on Saturday de cided to accept the tender for the supply of coal during the year 1S78-9 of tho Associated Colliery Company, of Newcastle, at a Uniform price of lis. per ton f.o.b. at New castle. The pits comprising tho association are— the Australian AgricblturSl, thfe Co". operative, : tho Dnntenfeld, Newcastle Wallsend and the Ferndale, and the depart ment have the option of drawing from any particular pit which they may select, or from eaoh pit as the case.may be. The pits ia question turn out the finest coal that can be "obtained, and probably in tho first in- stance "the orders will be equally divided, but should any one pit produce coal aboro the average quality, the major portion of the supply will he drawn from it. With regard to a reflection oast upon tlie Commissioner of Railways by a contempo rary on account of his having accepted ten ders for the carriage of the coal before de ciding upon those for its supply, it Is only necessary to point ont that as both sets it tenders were opened at the same time, tne price of tho coal was perfectly well known. The remark in question was therefore qmto uncalled for, the only cause of the delay being the care token to secure the very Des coal at the price offered. A public meeting for tho discussion of the political situation is to bo held in the iown Hall, Geelong, this evening, under the ans- pices of the Political Reform Association. The mayor will preside, and Mr. R. Murray Smith, M.L.A., and Mr. Joseph Jones will address the assemblage. It ie also the in tention of the Chief Secretary to attend and take part in the proceedings. During the past week the land at : Leura, belonging to Mr, A. K» Finlay, has been re classified by Messrs. ICirby and Anderson, ot the Lands department. They also made a revaluation of Messrs. Manifold a Furrum- bctc estate. The Kmerald-hill Council has invited a conference of delegates interested in improv ing the means gf communication between Sandridgeand Kmerald-hill add the city. The following members of Parliament aro ex pected to be present : — Sir B. O'Logblen and Mr. .T. Andrew, West Melbourne ; MeaarB; J. Nimmo and A. Lyell, Emerald-hill; and Dr. Madden, Sandridgo. . Cra. M Hvrraitn and Moarcs will represent the city, and the conference will ait to-night at seven o clock, at the town council officos, Bmerald-btll. Saturday was a day of expeotancy at Messrs. Wright, Orr and Co. 'a dock ao far bb the employes of tho dock were concerned, but nothing was done. Messrs, Forman and Co. 'a men were engaged repairing the dredge, and when removing the disabled wheel the bucket ladder was allowed to fall from its position, and nearly tho wholo day was occupied in raising it. Yesterday Messrs. Wright, Orr and Co. maintained a strong watch on land, as did also the Harbor Trust, who had a considerable number of men evidently ready for action on board of tho Platypus. An attempt has been made to fasten on this journal a charge of misrepresenting the telegraphic roport of the Sandhurst meeting on Wednesday. Tho simple fact is that tho only well-defined impression conveyed in the telegram was that a resolution in favor of the Ministry was declared to be carried liy the Mayor. All the rest wna confusion, during which the meet ing divided, with apparently no very great certainty whether it was deeming against tho embassy or otherwise. Both tho local, journals agree in stating that the feeling of tho meeting was thoroughly Ministerial, aud the Independent iB very ex- plicit 011 the subject of the embassy. It writes : — " The action of tho Government during the crisis — the embassy to England ; these wero matters upon which no room for doubt was permitted. The meeting was upon these points enthusiastic aud unanimous.' This is substantially what appeared in our telegraphic report, and in order to avoid the appearance of partiality we took thc earliest opportunity of correcting any misappre hension which it might give rise to, and at the same time of Getting out the opinion of both sidee. The Opposition has made up its mind, however, that the public meetings which are being held to consider tho action of the Government shall bo all opposed to it. In Shis spirit tho Mayor of Melbourne,- liko tho chairman of the Sandhurst meeting, has been abused aud threatened for deciding that the voice of the Town Hall meeting was in its favor, and we may expect to find tho same unworthy tactics prevailing to the end. The Government astronomer reports : — Tho weather during the past week was lino but generally cloudy and unsettled ; bois terous part of the 17th, 19th, 21st aud 23rd, and verv sultry on the 20th, with sheet lightning during tho evening, and a few light rain eho were on the 19th and 22nd- The highest temperature in tho shade, 81.1, was recorded on tho afternoon of thfa 20tb, the lowest, 45,' on the early morning of the same day. The highest reading of the baro- meter was 30.019 inches ; the lowest, 29.359 inches'. Rain fell to the amount of 0.0T inches, making the total rainfall since tho beginning of the year 24.76 inches, as compaffed with 22.36 inches during the same period in 1S77. On Saturday afternoon last a fatal_ acci- deut happened ot the Merri Creek, North, cote, through children not being able to swim. William Brock, nine years old, and three others went to bathe at the willows near the Tramway- bridge, and Brock wont out of his dopth and was drowned, none of the others being able to help him. An alarm was given, and a man nnmed Alfred Hamp shire went iuto the creek and recovered the body, which had then been in the water over half an hour. Another man named Joyce had previously made tho attempt, but failed. Life was extinct, and the Northcote police conveyed tho body to the parents' residence,- Woodside.stroet, North Kitzroy, and re. ported the matter to the coroner. Thomas Dalton Hanson, aged fifty-five years, the landlord of the Nelson Hotel, Sandridge-road, Kmerald-hill, committed sni- cido yesterday afternoon by taking poison. Tho poisonous agent is supposed to be strych nine. Tho decea:ed man had been suffering for years past from chronic hypertrophy of the liver and fatty degeneration of the heart, and Buffered intolerable agony at times. He roso yesterday morning as UBual, and after transacting soino business he retired at about nino o'clock to bod, which he did not again leave. He took some soup for dinner, and at half-past two was seen to be in excruciating agony. About an hour afterwards ho called his family and friends into ' the room and hade thorn good-bye, stating that he had taken strychnine. Dr. lfUa was immediately sent for, but Mr. Hanson died before his arrival. The deceased has been attended for yeare by Dr. J. G. Black, of Carlton, who expressed an opinion that his sufferings must have driven him temporarily insane. The de. ceased leaves one child, who is fortunately married. Tho ninth annual meeting' of the Old Colonists' Association was held on Saturday; Mr. George Coppin in the chair. _ The an- uual report stated that the association had progressed very favorably during the past year, a result greatly owing to the ameud- mcnt of the rulos, by which the required term of residence was reduced to twenty years. The permanent fund amounted to £950 6s. 9d., and the credit balance was shown to be £1091. The chairman, in mov. ing the adoption of the report and balance- sheet, referred briefly to tho great lorn sus tained by the association and the colony by the deaths of Judge Pohlman, Mr. Edward Hchty, Mr. Thomas Stubbs aud Mr. William Marsh, and drew particular at tention to that part of the report which stated that the almshouses wero now full, and that in consequence of the paucity of funds many deserving applications for relief had to.be refused. Tuo alteration in the term of residence however opened the doors of the association to many old colonists, and ho trusted that during the forthcoming year there would be such an increase in the re ceipts as would enable them to afford tho assistance which was eo much required. The report and balance. sheet were adopted. Messrs. Coppin, Graham, Gilbert, Doda and Marsh wero elected members of council, and Messrs. M'lvenzieand M 'Donald having been appointed auditors, the proceedings ter minated. With the advent of summer the Albert Park Lagoon.is daily becoming more shallow, anil its depth is said to he decreasing at the rate of from two to hree inches per week, while the water llowing into the lake by means of the service pipes wbieh run from tho Government domain is totally inadequate to compensate for that loss. This was evi dent during tho sailing match on Saturday afternoon, and a few more weeks of dry weather will possibly put a stop to sailing or rowing. At a meeting of tho Albert Park Yacht Club, held laBt week, it was reported that, in reply to a request made to tho Minister of Lauds that the pump might work longer, it had been intimated that the present supply should -be sufficient. A deputation from the Yacht Club, accompanied by the members for the district, is to wait upon the Minister of Lands for the purpose of request ing that tho pump on the Yarra may be utilised to fill up the lagoon to its wonted level. In reference to the reapors and binders ex hibited at the Paris Exhibition, Messrs. M 'Lean Bros, and Itigg reoeived by lass Cali- forman mail a letter from Messra. C. II. and L. J. M'Coraiiek, Chicago, dated 21st Sep tember, Bta ting 'that they had been awarded the only grand prize in the agricultural de 1 partment for their harvester and self-binder, B the other competitors getting gold medals, The ravages committed by rabbitj are S assuming large proportions in other colonies U besides Victoria. The South .4irsfraj;0)l 9 Jtrijister remarks on this subject : — "Thcbc-t 9 efforts of tho Government will be required fl to check the ravages of tho rabbit pest. V tfl resident at Moagalata informs us thst the 9 nuisauco has assumed proportions in that 9 distriot almost beyond relief. Hehadthii II season about 90 aorcs of land eown with H wheat, and has reaped 25 bnshsls. A II neighbor who had ovor 100 acres under croc H did not got two tons of hay. Anothei 9 obtained something like 100 bnshels cl 9 wheat from 300 acres of land. We are told .9 that it is nothing extraordinary in this 9 locality for a man to kill tour rabbits at i 9 single stroke with a walking- stick, and thst 9 a man has been known to kill ten rabbits :1 with three blows." ' 9 A special service in connection with the 9 HoBpiUl Sunday Fund was held yeaterdsv >1 afternoon in the Albert-atreet Jewish Sirs. 9 gogue. At the conclusion of the service the 9 Rev. Dr. .Tacobson delivered an interesting 9 lecture, in which he gave a history of the 9 Hospital Sunday movement, and also dealt 9 in a scholarly manner with historical facts 9 in connection with the persecutions endured 9 by the Jewish race in tho dark sge. B Now, however, they lived amongst a civi. 9 lised nation and in an age of toleration I liberty and freedom, and it therefore 1 behoved them to pray for its continued proa, S pority. The lecturer concluded with an i eloquent appeal to his hearers to open their - 1 purse Btrings on behalf of the hospital 9 charities. Dr. Jacobson was listened to very 9 attentively, aud when it is considered that 9 a few. months ago he knew not a word of 9 English, his eloquent delivery and mastery 9 f the language are highly creditable to him. 9 The collection amounted to £30 Is. Gd, 8 which will probably be augmented by con. 9 tributions from members of the congress- 9 tion who were unable to attend. >1 The annual general meeting of the Mel. 9 bourne Jewish Philanthropic Society wu 9 held in the vestry rooms, Bonrke-etreet 9 west, yesterday; Sir. J. Benjamin, presi. 9 dent, in the chair. The report and balance- 9 Bheet, being accepted as read, were Unani. 9 mously adopted. The aunual election of I office-bearers resulted as follows Mr, J, i B Benjamin, tho retiring president, and Mr. 9 B. Marks, the retiring treasurer, were unani. i 9 mously re-oleoted ; Mr. Nathan Barnett was 9 elected lion, secretary in place of Mr. B, 9 Sniders, resigned ; and Messrs. A. Loei, ,1. I Poristoin, Simeon Cohen, J. P., A. M. Isaacs I aud W. Davis wero elected to serve on the : I committee ; Messrs. Josiah Marks and E. 9 P. Levy were re-eleotcd auditors. rfl Tho fourth annual picnic of tho carrier! 9 storemen aud coopers was held ou Saturday 9 last, and Snapper Point was selected for the 9 day's ODjoymeut. -The steamer Golden 9 Crown was engaged, and left the Queens 9 Wharf shortly after eight o'clock ia the 9 morning well filled with pleasure seekers, 9 who Bpent a very enjoyable day, sad were 1 1 brought back in safety in the evening, sni 9 landed at the Sandridge Railway Pier. 9 At Sandridgo oil Saturday evening there 9 was a torchlight procession with colored fires, which paraded the principal streets, .1 headed by the town brass band, Mr. Bar. 9 nett's choir, the Rechabitesand Good Tern- I plars in regalia, tho Kmerald- hill life and 9 drum baud and a body of sailors. A nasi I meeting was held in the market reserve, pre. 9 sided over by Mr. J. Li Dow, M.L.A., and 9 about 3000 people were' present. Addresses 9 wero given by the chairman and Mr. Burnett. 9 and the choir and bands sang and played at 9 intervals of the meeting. At the entertain. ' 0 meut the Town Hall was inconveniently 9 crowdod. Mr. Thips. Swallow took the j. chair, and welcomed Mr. Burnett in his mission. Tho Rev. J, W. Crisp drew at- i tention to the hard 'work, spirit, pluck anil i endurance exhibited by the Australian Eleven on their tour, and which was mainly v attributable to their abstemious habits, as ; shown by their refusal to drink anything but water at the luuckeou provided in the ' tent of Lord and Lady Londesborough when i playing the match at .Scarborough. He < hoped that the young aud old of tho audience ; would follow their example. Koine good 1 music contributed largely to the success ol . the entertainment. As a result of tiic eight's ; work 193 signed the pledge. The week's re- ; suit was 639 signed. Through the kindness . of Capt. Cummings, of the s. Northumbcr ' land, Mr. Burnett conducted a service yes- 1 terday at the Sandridge Railway Pier, from - the deck of that vessel, and made an earnest appeal to about 1500 people to remember : their Christian duties by practice as well as ( by profession, and to subscribe liberally to - the Sailors' Widows' and Orphans' Fuud. Tho temperance bodies in Brunswick ; opened a campaign on Saturday night against ; the nse of intoxicating drink, and wore sac- j cesoful in inducing about twenty-six persons 1 to sign the pledge. The movement was in- i augurated by a large torchlight procession, \ headed by a brass band, in what is known as Mr, Hiddleston's gospel chariot, drawn by ' two horses. After passing through the . principal streets an open air meeting wai hold in Mr. Dod's paddock, where tho pro. ; ccedings consisted of addresses and singing hymns, after which an adjournment was made to the Mechanics' Hall, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. Messrs. Hiddle- atone, Copeland, Brown, Porteus, Carter aud Mr. Hutchinson. At St. Franoia' Church yesterday Beetho- von'p Mass in C was performed with fall ' orchestra, which included a large number oi talented musicians. Tho choir was also ' large, and sang well. Mis3 Rosina Carandiai Hang tho solo Inflammatus, as well as in tlia Moss, Mrs. Beardaall kindly singing the contralto in the absence of Mrs.- Cutter, who . was not well enough to take part in the 6«r vice. Mr. CbarleB Sykes wa3 the organist, and the olioir was under the coudncthrilup j. of Mr. \Y. R. Furlong. ' .0"i There was a double bill at the lOpcrj <; House on Saturday evening, whon .Mr, Oreswick took his benefit, the pk-cea presented being William Tell and The Jealous Wife, in both of which the ; beneficiaire played the principal parts, Mr. J Creswick has seldom appeared to hotter ad- £ vantage than he did on this occasion, annas .; be was well supported by Miss Adelaida f Bowring, bliss Helen Ashton and tho other members of the company, the performance ; passed off very successfully. At the close . of each aot Mr. Creswick was called before / the curtain, and at the end of William Ted . he received quite a floral ovation, he took , the opportunity of thanking the public for the flattering reception he had met with / in Melbourne, and for tho great kicdneis ; shown him during his stay. Be had appeared . in alt 161 nights, and was now about to visit ; Tasmania, New Zealand, Sydney mid Ado- - laide, where, he had been assured, bo would receive ns hearty a welcome as lie had re- ; ceivod in Melbourne. As he had commenced his Australian career in Melbourne, however, he hoped to close it here, and intended to return after visiting the places named. Ho also returned thanks to tho press for tus . liberal and intelligent notices that bad ap. peared of hie performances ; and to Mr. and j Mrs. Lewis for the excellent manner in whica the pieces he bed appeared in had been . placed on the stage. Mr. Creswick will ssn for Tasmania in the course of tbe week, , ThiB evening Mr. Theodore Hamilton, a gen> , tleman who has recently arrived from ; Amorica,' will make his first appearance p ; conjunction with Mr. Charles Wheatleigb, in an adaptation of Sir Walter Scott s poem, > Tho Lady of the Lake, i Miss Ada Willetts cavo her final concert, , prior to leaving for Sydney, on Saturday j evening. Her first number was Lngen , Woycke's Forget Me Not, which she ren. - dered with much taste and precision. In j aponse to an encore Bkegave the Harmonioui s Blacksmith. Subsequently ulic placed i aal- ; berg's Home, Sweet Home, displaying great . facility and power of expression, the leu t hand paasagCB being wonderfully executed ; for so young a performer. She was again ; recalled, and responded with the Lullaby, ma Smythe was in excellent voice, and secured , an enthusiastic reception. She sangamile ana Bid Me Live, and Waiting, being in tu« , latter particularly successful. MisaChriatiui i eang with her wonted intelligence and taste, and Alias Alice Wooldridge was very pie""1 8. her rendering of the brindisi. Sea Bow is Sparkles (Girofle- Girofia), being notably praiseworthy. . Mr. Elton Glover, a basso recently arrived from England, made m first appearance, and created a somewnai favorable impression. , . The spirit medium exposure enw»»»'<«?.e?' given by Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin was larg«j | patronised at St. George's Hall on Satnrm.y ; evening. The programmo was in most tir , spects similar to that presented on previous evenings, anil was conducted under tboBUpan vision of a committee of five well-known residents of Melbourne. This evening tns , entertainment will be repeated, and. , include the clairvoyant manifestations / : Mrs. Baldwin aud slate- writing. Mr. and Mre. D'Arcy Read'A ""3 | Ghost entertainment continues its "J10'' career at tho Athemeum. .On Saturday ing there was a numerous audience, " whom the performance was evidently enjoyed. Olga Duboin, the Russian pianiste, is announced to give a popular concert in the Town Hall on Friday evening next. Mdlle. Duboin will play a series of pieces which will be entirely new to Melbourne audiences, amongst which are several I Sit Russian morceaux. She will be I Si by several vocall8ts> inclQdins tbs I r#rrnan Tedertafele I tk, popular concert at the Frotestaut I R.ll attracted a full audience on Saturday I u and a good programme was gone I Sronch Misses Lane, Lloyd, Smith, aud I St, and Messrs. GUI, Mayer, Dyson and I gamohda were the vocalists. I Tv.traiDtr.TiM commltteo for Mr. Burnett's Satur. at Emdridce will meet to-night, »t elpht yenantTsrmhave jnst Issued through ,»!?£». chtap edition of Mr. Marcu. Natural Life. The novel has now pas-cd Jlj.htediilotif, viz.:— Two in London, two in Jn Chickjrn. one in Boston, one in San «d "« InOermany. „Ms\ Cl"rk,ei; new JSwffl t» published by Messrs. Eentley and Harper ££ jmnltaneonsly In spring. 