GOSSIP FROM FRANCE. (from our own correspondent. ) Paris, November 24th. _ JLliere is but one word to explain the posi tion of the Marshal—he is " floundering and but one escape for him—resignation. As for the ephemeral ministers, no ono ac cepts thaxn as serious t the astonishment is, that men could be found to accept such a dead-born honor. As MacMahon cannot be converted, and will not retire after being beaten, he must be besieged. It is thus that the Chamber of Deputies intend to act; they will accept no Cabinet that has not the sup port of the majority, that is, in accordance with the national will. It is useless trying any more promises, &c;, with the Republicans: they are as firm as a rock in their deter mination to have the Republic and all its liberties henceforth a reality, and to protect it against a future 16th May. The Chamber of Deputies, since it has been gratuitously assailed by,the Senate, replies to every move of the Executive, not by words, but by acts. The budget will certainly not be voted, if MacMahon does not surrender. Emile de Girardin proposes to buy the Marshal out, by offering him three years' salary as a com pensation. This expresses more than meets the eye, and must be read between the lines. The Marshal will be forced to yield by the pressure of events—they are only these that neither "submit nor resign." The nation is very decided to try the quarrel out be tween free and arbitrary government, on the conditions existing; it is more determined than its representatives, and they display no fainting by the way. By approving of the Marshal's policy, since the last six months, the Senate has committed suicide. The country now places all its hopes in the Chamber, in its representatives, men of vigorous action, of sap, of healthy political blood, and thoroughly cognisant of the wants, the aspirations, and the sufferings of their constituents. For the suffering abroad is profound, general, and cannot be disguised. From the manufacturing centres the wail of distress is sincere, deep, and uniform, and all the consequence of the unhappy adven ture into which bad adviserB launched MacMahon last May. Within the last few hours I have had a long conversation with one of the first wine merchants of France. He is not a Republican as yet, but is so far on the road to Damascus that he has ceased to be a Monarchist, in the interest of his country. As a proof how business is with him, he does not sell 5000f. worth of wine per week, when formerly he received orders for that much per day. But there is positive misery among the artizan and laboring classes, and last, not least, among humble clerks who have been discharged, their em ployers being unable to pay them or to afford them occupation. Every day the crisis becomes more intense, but the explosion or solution advances at the same ratio. Minds are preparing for a cessation of the massacres in the East. Since Bismarck has declared so openly for Russia, the feeling is, the sooner these two political dictators carve out peace on their own terms the better. No power can prevent them : England is con sidered as helpless as Austria. As for Franca, her Eastern question is in France. Within the last few dayB, the rumors re specting |the non-holding of the Exhibition have taken a certain intensity. It must be home in mind that these reports origi nate from the German, and the French mon archal press. The first would not put on sack-cloth, and ashes if the Exhibition was postponed for a season, and the second fears that the Republicans may reap all the profit and glory of the event. If by misfor tune the existing crisis can only termi nate by civil war, instead of by the re signation of a President, or if the Eastern flame should extend and lap all Europe, it requires no ghost from the grave to assure us that the postponement is a necessity. There are no signs at the works that such a result is in fuloro, and exhibitors of every political creed are not ceasing their preparations. As for the oum'ers, they seem to be enchanted at having received a special annexe, to exhibit their skill, and sell the products of it to visitors. As if everything seemed to go by contraries this season in France, Versailles, that the general public might naturally conclude to be very animated, was never more worthy of being called the " city of the dead." As a rule, the Monarchal legislators pitch their tents there ; the Republicans throw in their lots with Paris—once the political capital of France, and destined to be so again. The Monarchal deputies, not feeling certain that the Chamber will ratify their election, won in so many instances by Governmental high handed pressure, have made no permane; arrangements to bring up their wives ai little ones to Versailles. They reside ther fore in hotels as bachelors, with valis strapped, in case the Chamber quash their seats, very likely to be done consequence of the Senate refusing elect a Republican to fill a Republican v cancy. . Then while the seat is contest© there are two Richmonds in the field, whii brings a crowd of office- seekers to Versatile I observe that the new depnties prefer ■ walk from the railway station to the Char ber, rather than take a train-ticket. Whi a stance is finished, the defile for the statii represents a kind of lively funeral proct sion. With the view of reducing the cases of: fanticide, France is almost decided to rett to the practice of foundling hospitals. ] steadi ' of the -basket to receive the lit stranger, and the bell to announce wh a "deposit" has been made, it is propos to adopt the Italian system, where a mo with bandaged eyes sits behind the wick and takes in the babes. It is reported tl on one occasion a mother brought her bal aged six years. The monk divining bis : by his squalling, as well as by touch, object that the foundling was "tooadvancei The mother offered to take three childr aged two years each, in exchange. The Jardin d'Acclimatation seems have entered resolutely into thetame-w beast business; it sells many trained anim: 4c. Persons name even its tariff of pric thus—A beaver costs lOOf.; an oetri lOOOf. ; a polar bear, 10,000£; a rhinoceros, 40,000f. ; an elephaut, ditto ; an "Impe rial " Bengal tiger, 60,000f. ; an American whale, 90,0001. ; a gorilla, 95,000f; and an Esquimaux, 100,000f. TUo Tribunal has decided an important newspaper point. French journals have the very bad habit of publishing reckless pergonal paragraphs. If the person injured protests, his letter is published, the writer of the obnoxious paragraph apologises, delivers up J?aU3e even °f the author of the scandal, or oilers to give satisfaction by a duel. The Evenement complied with all these condi tions, but a M. de Bassetiere persisted all the same in his suit, and obtained 2000fr. damages and costs against the paper. This compensation is never handed over to the Focr Box in France ; it is kept to cure wounded honor. " Conscience mon*y" is also rarely paid into the Exchequer, and such a millionnaire as the due d'Aumale, when, a deputy, regularly accepted his salary as such, with remarkable punctuality. A most atrocious case of scandal in "high hfe " has been disposed of. A Mme. Van Berlecre, a Belgian, was divorced in 1S62 from her husband, a wealthy merchant, and moving in the highest circles in Brussels. They had an only child, a girl named Valen tine, then a baby. The latter was brought up in a convent, and a year ago the mother claimed her daughter, and came to Paris. This summer they were the observed of all observers at the aristocratic skating rink, valentine "rinked" to perfection, and could not be surpassed in tossing off a sherrv cobbler, or an iced grog. Very frequently she and her mother accompanied fast young men—the gommeux—to supper in a ui»ht restaurant. Briefly, the mother and daugliter ! lived by their prostitution. The mother was known to bring her daughter to certain clients, and some had mother and daughter for lovers, unconsciously. The Court' sen tenced the wretched parent to three years' imprisonment, with hard labor, for de bauchery, and ordered Valentine to enter the Reformatory. The mother was so de praved, as to accuse the child's own evil passions of being tbe cause of her fall, tfot the least singular circumstance of the matter is, the mother is very rich, and the daughter, when she comes of age, will have a fortune of half a million of francs. Continue tho supper of horrors. Some young men called at a wine shop, in the rue Menilmontaul, a few evenings ago. They placed the head of a corpse upon a table, surrounded it with five lighted candles, and departed. At Queren, in tbe Morbihan. some shipwrecked sailors, on landing on a rock, deposited thereon a small barrel of brandy along with the wooden shoes of the drowned cabin-hoy. On their return, the sailors found fourteen countrymen seated round the barrel, smoking, and drinking the brandy, with the shoes for goblets. Judge of the trash published by a leading Monarchal journal—The London Times cor respondent hero has made an enemy of the Government, for not viewing it as the one thing needful, not only for France, but for the world. It hints that at best this gentle man is but a myth, that he does not send any lettere to London, and that the Times manufactures, in Printing House Square, all its continental correspondence. Judge of the education of thousands of Frenchmen who accept all this as gospel. The Government has decided to encourage the study of living languages. It has nomi nated a professor to give" public lectures on the " Annamite tongue." In prospective of the Exhibition, a society of lodging-house keepers has been formed, who will leave their addresses, and cards of " fixed terms," at the consulates of every accredited minister to France. They farther invite any individual delegated to examine their books, and ascertain that they have not run up prices. Efforts are being made to induce restaurant-keepera to adopt the same idea, but Barkis is not willin* ; so the Exhibition Commissioners intend binding np with the international catalogues the ad dresses of all restaurateurs who will adopt an invariable tariff. This tariff will he posted np conspicuously in the restaurant, will display the seal of the Commissioners and its working wiU be watched by special agents. A medical gentleman writes that "hare lips " are on the increase in France, and calls upon mothers to brmg their children to him to be operated upon in time. Among other marvels that 1S78 will wit ness is—not a baby show, or a chess tourna ment, or a billiard contest, but a " smoking match." The' Due Dccazes, or General Grant, onght to carry off the blue ribbon. There is a woman in the department of Hevanlt, now aged 130 years; she renre sents the head of a numerous family, 110. It is suggested that she be honored with a national funeral. France is ever rich enough to pay for her glories. JIM. Dumas and Zola are at war respect ing their panaceas for regenerating society : the latter lays hare the social ulcers as they exist; the former imagines them; but neither can prescribe a perfect care. M. Gambetta has promised to accept the presidency of the " Liberal Press Club one of the chief features of this body will bo to give weekly dinners at famons restau rants in rotation, the dinner ticket being the only subscription demanded. Every epitaph before being displayed in a French cemetery is submitted to tbe cen sure ; this omnipresent body has declined— " Here lies M.X., who is visited every Tues day by his brother." Fnoir the steady, firm, and regular beat of the Heart, replacing interrupted and feeble action of that organ, demonstrated in a "Variety of cases, Fellows' Compound Sruop of Hr pophosphites is known to exert a powerful tonic effect on the muscles of the Heart, 