The Storyteller. Macleod of Dare.* CHAPTER XXVIII. A DISCLOSURE. BY WILLIAM BLACK, AUTHOR OF "THE PRINCESS OF THULE." ETC. AND now he was all eagerness to brave the first dragon in his way—the certain opposition of this proud old lady at Castle Dare. No doubt she would stand aghast at the mere mention of such a thing; perhaps in her sudden indignation she might utter sharp words that would rankle afterwards in the memory. In any ease he knew the struggle would be long, and bitter, and harassing: and he had not the skill of speech to persuasively bend a woman's will There was another way—impossible, alas}—he had thought of. If only he could have taken Gertrude White by the hand—if only he could have led her up the hall, and presented her to his mother, and said," Mother, this is your daughter; is she not fit to be the daughter of so proud a mother ?"— the fight_ would have been over. How could anyone withstand the appeal of those fearless and tender clear eyes ? Impatiently he waited for the end of dinner on the evening of his arrival; impatiently he heard Donald, the piper lad, play the brave salute— the wild shrill yell overcoming the low thunder of the Atlantic outside ; and he paid but little attention to the old and familiar Oumhadkna Oloinne. Then Hatnish put the whisky and the claret on the table, and withdrew. They were left alone. "And now, Keith," said his cousin Janet, with the wise gray eyes grown cheerful and kind, " you will tell us about all the people you saw in London ; and was there muoh gaiety going on ; and did you see the Queen at all; and did you give any fine dinners f" " How can I answer you all at once, Janet P said he, laughing in a somewhat nervous way. "I did not see the Queen, for she was at Windsor ; and I did not give any fine dinners, and indeed I spent enough money in that way when I was in London before. But I saw several of the friends who were very kind to me when I was in London in the summer. And do you remember, Janet, my speaking to you about the beautiful young lady—the actress—l met at the house of Colonel Ross of Duntorme P " Oh, yes, I remember very well." "Because," said he—and his fingers were rather nervous as he took out a package from his breast-pocket—"l have got some photo* graphs of her for the mother and you to see. But it is little of anyone that you can under, stand from photographs. .You would have to hear her talk, and see her manner, before you could understand why everyone speaks so well of her, end why she is a friend with everyone He had handed the packet to bis mother, and the old lady had adjusted her eye-glasses, snd was tuning over the various photographs. « Zf** fc TerJ K°^-«-W«>e>" seiiLedy Macleod. "Oh yes, she is very good-looking. And that is her sister r .^ "Yes." Janet was looking over them too. "But where did you get all the pfaotographs of her, Keith P she said. " They are fromall sorts of.pl^oefcw Scarborough, Newcastle, Brigh: toil——" ' ' * I got them from herself," said he, M Oh, do yon know her so well f " I know her very well She was the most intimate friend of the people whose acquaintance tfirst made in London," he said, simply; and then he turned to his mother: "I wish photo graphs could speak, mother, for then you might, make her acquaintance, as she is coming to the Highlands next year ■" *We have no theatre in MulL Keith," Lady Macleod said, with a smile. " But by that time she will not be an actress stall: did I not tell you that before P he said, eagerly. "Did I hot tell you that? She is going to leave the stage—perhaps sooner or later; but certainly by that time; ana when she comes to the Highlands next jrenr with her father she will be travelling just like anyone else. And I hope, mother, you won't let them think that we Highlanders are less hospitable than the people of London." He made the suggestion in an apparently careless fashion; but there was a painfully anxious look in his eyes. Janet noticed that " It would be strange if they were to come to so a unfrequented a place as the west of Mull," said Lady Macleod, somewhat coldly, as she put the photographs aside "But I have told them all about the place, and what they will see; and they are eagerly looking forward to it; and you surety would not have them put up at the inn at Bunessan, mother?" "Really, Keith, I think you have been im prudent It was little matter our receiving a bachelor friend like Norman Ogilvie ; but I don't think we are quite in a position to entertain strangers at Dare." " No one objected to me as a stranger when I went to London," said he proudly. "If they are anywhere in the neighborhood," said Lady Macleod, " I should be pleased to show them all the attention in my power, as you say they were friendly with you in London; but really, Keith, I don't think yon can ask me to invite two strangers to Dare——" " Then it is to the inn at Bunessan they must go ?" he asked. " Now, auntie," said Janet Macleod, with her gentle voice, "you are not going to put poor Keith into a fix ; I know you won't do that I see the whole thing; it is all because Keith was so thorough a Highlander. They were talking about Scotland; and no doubt he said there was nothing in the country to be compared with our islands, and caves, and cliffs. And then they spoke of coming ; and of course he threw open the doors of the house to them. He would not have been a Highlander if he had done anything else, auntie; and I know you won't be the one to make him break off an invitation. And if we ♦ Tbe right of repnblWriM "Maeleod of Dan" hi QaeentUnd haa ben jmnkami by tb*pi«wi#icttcf Ek cannot give them grand entertainments at Dare we can give them a HighUnd welcome anyway." This appeal to the Highland pride of the mother was not to be withstood. " Very well, Keith," said she. "We shall do what we can for your friends; though it isn't much in this old place." " She will not look at it that way," he Baid eagerly, " I know that She will be proud to meet you, mother; and to shake hands with you; and to go about with you, and do just whatever yon are doing " Lady Maoleod started. " How long do you propose this visit should last I" she said. " Oh, I don't know," said he hastily. « But you know, mother, you would not hurry your guests; for lam sure you would be as proud as anyone to show them that we have things worth seeing. We should take her to the cathedral at lona on some moonlight night; and then some day we could go out to the Dubh Artach light house—and you know how the men are delighted to see a new face " " Yon would never think of that, Keith," his cousin said. "Doyou think a London young lady .would have the courage to be swung on to the rocks and to climb up all those steps outside ?" "She haft the courage for that or for any thing," said he. "And then, you know, she would be greatly interested in the clouds of puffins and the skarta behind Staffa; and we would take her to the great caves in the clifls at Oribun; «nd I have no doubt she wonld like to go out to one of the uninhabited islands. Lady Maoleod had preserved a stern silence. When she had so far yielded as to promise to ask these two strangers to come to Castle Dare on their round of the western islands she had taken it for granted that their visit would necessarily be of the briefest; but the projects of which Keith Macleod now spoke seemed to suggest something like a summer passed at Dare. And he went on talking in this strain, nervously de lighted with the pictures that each promised excursion oalled up. Miss White would be charmed with this, and delighted with that. Janet would find her so pleasant a companion ; the mother would be inclined to pet her at first sight. "She is already anxious to make your ac quaintanoe, mother," said he to the proud old dame who sat there ominously silent *• And she could think of no other message to send to you than this—it belonged to her mother." He opened the little package—of old lace, or something of that kind—and handed it to his mother; and at the same time, his impetuosity carrying him on, he said that perhaps the mother would write now sad propose the visit in the summer. At this Lady Madeod'a surprise overcame her reserve. ■ .. " You must be mad, Keith 1 To write in the middle of winter and send an invitation for the summer f And really the whole thing is so ex traerdinaty^-a present coming to me from an absolute stranger—and that stranger an actress who is Quite unknown to anyone I know " "Mother, mother,'* he cried, Mdon't say any mere. She has promised to be my wife." Lady Maoleod stared at him—«s if to see Whether, he had really gone mad; and rose, and pushed hack her ohair. ' "Keith." she said slowly, and with » cold dignity, "when you choose a wife, I hope I will be the first to welcome her; and I shall be proud to see you with a wife worthy of the name that you bear; but in the meantime I do not think that such a subject should be made the occasion ofmfob&hjest;" ■ ' And with that she left the apartment; and Keith Macleod turned in a bewildered sort of fashion to his cousin. Janet Macleod had risen too; nhe was regarding him with anxious and troubled and tender eyes. " Janet," said he, "it is no jest at all!" "I know that," said she, in ft low voice, and her face was,somewhat pale. "I have known that I knew it before you went away to England this last tin*." An 4 suddenly she went over to him, and bravely held out her hand ; and there were quick tears in her beautiful gray tiym. "Keith,'' nut «he, "there U no one will be more proud to see you happy than I; and I will do what I can for you now, if you vill let me; for I see your whole heart is set on it; and how can I doubt that you have chosen a good ?" " Oh, Janet) if you could only see her and know her." She turned aside for a moment—only for a moment When he next saw her face it was quite gay. "You must know, Keith," said she, with a •mile shining through the tears of the friendly eyes, M that women-folk are very jealous; and all of a sudden you come to auntie and me, and tell us that a stranger has taken away your heart from us and from Dare; and you must expect us to be angry and resentful just a little bit at first" " I never could expect that from you, Janet," said he. " I knew that was always impossible from you." "As for auntie, then," she said warmly, "is it not natural that she should be surprised and perhaps offended—" "-But she says she does not believe it—that I am making a joke of it " "That is her only way of protesting, you know," said the wise cousin. " And you must expect her to be angry and obdurate; because women have their prejudices, you know, Keith ; and this young lady—well, it is a pity she is not known to someone auntie knows." "She is known to Norman Ogilvie, and to dozens of Norman Ogilvie's friends, and Major Stewart has seen her," said he quickly; and then he drew back. " But that is nothing. Ido not choose to have anyone to vouch for her." "I know that; I understand that, Keith," Janet Macleod said, gently. "It is enough for me that you have chosen her to be your wife ; I know you would choose a good wooian to be your wife; and it will be enough for your mother when she comes to reflect But you must be patient" " Patient I would be, if it concerned myself alone," said he; " but the reflection—the insult of the doubt " "Now, now, Keith," said she, "don't let the hot blood of the Macleods get the better of you. You must be patient and considerate. If you will Bit down now quietly, and tell one all about the young lady, I will be your ambassador if you like; and I think I will be able to persuade •untie." " I wonder if there ever was any woman as kind as you are, Janet t" aaid he, looking at her with a Bort of wondering admiration. " You must not say that any more now," she said, with a smile. "You must consider the young lady you have chosen as perfection in all things. And this is a small matter. If auntie is difficult to persuade, and Bhould protest, and bo forth, what she says will not hurt me, whereas it might hurt you very sorely. And now you will tell me all about the young lady; for I must have my hands full of arguments when I go to your mother." And bo this Court of Enquiry was formed; with one witness not altogether unprejudiced in giving his evidence, and with a judge ready to become the accomplice of the witneas at any point. Somehow Macleod avoided speaking of Gertrude White's appearance. Janet was rather a plain woman—despite those tender Celtic eyes. He spoke rather of her filial duty and her sisterly affection ; he minutely described her qualities, as a house-mistresv; and he was enthusiastic about the heroism Bhe had shown in determining to throw aside the glittering triumphs of her calling to liv« a simpler and wholeaomer life. That passage in the career of Gertrude White somewhat puzzled Janet Macleod. If it were the . case that the ambitions and jealousies and atmu. lated emotions of a life devoted to art had a de moralising and degrading effect on the character, why had not the young lady made the discovery* a little earlier? What was the reason of her very sudden conversion ? It was no doubt very noble on her part, if she really were convinced that this continual stirring up of sentiment without leading to practical issues had an un wholesome influence on her woman's nature, to voluntarily surrender all the intoxication of success, with its praises and flatteries. But why was the change in her opinions so sudden ? Ao« cording to Macleod'a own account, Miss Gertrude White, when be first went up to London, wag wholly given over to the ambition of succeeding in her profession. She was then the " white slave." She made no protest against the re peatedly-announced theories of her father to the effect that an artist ceased to live for himself or herself, and became merely a medium for the ex pression of the emotions of other*. Perhaps the gentle cousin Janet would have had a clearer view of the whole case if she had known that Mim Gertrude White's awakening doubts as to the wholesomanoas t/f simulated emotions on. the human soul were strictly coincident in point of time with her conviction that at any momcut she pleased she might call herself Lady Macleod.' With all the art he knew he described the beautiful small courtesies and tender ways of the little household at Rose Bank ; and he made it appear that this young lady, brought up amid. the sweet observances of the south, was making an enormous sacrifice in offering to brave, for his), sake, the transference to the. harder and harsher ways of the north. "And you know, Keith, she speaks a good, deal for henelf," Janet Macleod said, turning over the photographs, and looking at them perhaps a little wistfully. "It is a pretty face. It must make many friends for her. If she were here herself now I don't think auntie would hold out for a moment." "That is what I know," said he eagerly "That is why I am anxious she should come here. And, if it were only possible to bring her now, there would be no more trouble; and I think we could get her to leave the stage—at least I would try. But how could we ask her to Dare in the winter-time ? The sea and the rain would frighten her, and she would never ooasent to live here. And perhaps she needs time to quite make up her mind; she said she would educate herself all the winter through, and that when I saw her again she would be a thorough Highlandwoman. That shows you how willing she is to make any sacrifice, if she thinks it right" "But, if she is so convinced," said Janet, doubtfully, "that she ought to leave the stage, why does Bhe not do so at once T You say her father has enough money to support the family ?" " Oh, yes, he has," said Italeod: and then he added, with some hesitation, " Well, Janet, I did not like to press that She has a^rtady granted me so much. But I might ask her." At this moment Lady Macleod's maid, uiqi into the hall and said that her mistress wished to we Miss Macleod. "Krhapa auntie thinks I am conspiring with you, Keitf*," she said, laughing, when the girl had gone. "Well, you will leave the whole thing in my foods; and I will do all I can. And be patient and reasonable, Keith, even if your mother won't Wr of it for a day or two. We women are very prejudiced against each other, you know; and we have quick tempers, and we want a little coaxing and persuasion— that is all." "You have always been a good friend to me, Janet," he said. "And I hope it will all turn out for your happiness, Keith," "he said gently, as she left But as for Lady Macleod, when Janet reached the room the haughty old dame was " neither to hold nor to bind." There was nothing she would not have done for this favorite son of hers but this one thing. Give her consent to such a marriage? The ghosts of all the Macleods of Dare would call shame on her t " Oh, auntie," said the patient Janet, " he has been a good son to you. And you must have known he would marry some day." " Marry ?" said the old lady, and she turned a quick eye on Janet herself. " I was anxious to see him married. And when he was choosing a wife I think he might have looked nearer home Janet." " What a wild night it is!" said Janet Mac leod quickly—and she went for a moment to the window. "The Dunura will be coming round the Mull of Cantire just about now. And whnre is the present, auntie, that the young lady sent you ? You must write and thank her fur that, at all events ; and shall I write the letter for you in the morning 1" (TO M CeMCIMOIftJ 