MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS. PORT ADELAIDE, FEIDAY, JUHE 7. Resent—EEs Worship the Mayor (Mr. D. Bower, J.P.), Councillors Hains, Rann, Honey, Cleave, Hack, Bennett, and Kestel, Mr. B. H. Laker (Town Clerk), and Mr. W. H. Campbell (Town Surveyor). DRAINAGE. Councillor T. HACK said he had seen Mr. Harsrave, the Road Board Surveyor, with reference to the drainage of the Port-road, and was told by Mm that he had been informed by the Public Works Department that he was to do nothing in the matter, as the Port Corporation wished to carry it out themselves. During a discussion it was pointed out that that the Koad Board were not opposed to carrying out the work; but that owing to a misunderstanding they thought the Corporation intended to do it. The MATOB said he had seen Mr. Hargrove in the matter and found that the plans had not been prepared; but from what he said he understood that the work was to be again undertaken by him, and there the matter rested. Fowiver, he would enquire into the matter again and report to the Council. Councillor HAINS suggested that an estimate of the expenses in connection with Mr. Clark's report on the drainage of Port Adelaide be prepared and placed on the table next Council meeting. EDUCATION. Councillor RANN enquired if anything had been done to enforce the compulsory clauss of the Education Act in Port Adelaide. The MATOB said he asked the President of the Council of Education about the matter, and he said it was under consideration, and would be brought into force as soon as possible. LICENSED PQETEBS. Councillor HACK directed attention to the case of the licensed porters, who he said were not allowed to ply for hire on the railway platform. It would be well to have the matter settled. It was intimated that later on in the proceedings a letter from the licensed porters would be considered. THB SEMAPHORE TBAIN. Councillor-BENHBTT asked if something could not be done to have the trains stop in St. Yincent-street to enable people to get up or down, as a great many passengers were lost in consequence of the trains not stopping in ST. Yincent-atreet; and if some arrangement could be arrived at it would be a great convenience. Councillor RANK thought if the suggestion were adopted it would prove a great boon. A plat- form was not needed, but a carriage might be made similar to those on the Glenelg Railway. Councillor HAINS thought if people could not w: lk to the Port Station from St. Vincentstieet the sooner they gave up the ghost the better. The only complaint he had against the train was that it went so slow that boys could run after it and ride on the buffers. The MATOB said the public would not agree to a platform in St.- "Vincent-street, and a special carriage would have to be built. He would represent the matter and see what could be done. REPORTS. The Curator of the Port and Suburban Cemetery reported that the number of interments • during the fortnight had been six, viz., four adults and two children, and the receipts £10 Is. A man was appointed to assist the Curator iu graved igging. The Town Surveyor reported on the raising the footpath in front of the New Royal Hotel, St. Vincent-street, and the closing of the main drain to the river, which works were proceeding. The flagging of the footpath in front of the Port Hotel had been satisfactorily done, and the balance of the 5,000 Melbourne pitchers had been received. The contract for the street crossings was proceeding satisfactorily. The raising of Mundy-street had been begun with black mud from the deepening operations at the Glanville Wharf, but the material would be too soft to bear traffic during the winter. The Surveyor asked what was to be done with the silt from the Glanville deepening operations. He also asked that printed forms regulating the hoarding on footpaths where buildings were being erected might be obtained to prevent complaints from pedestrians, as no platforms for the foot traffic had been provided. The contract as now carried out for scavenging was not in any way satisfactory, the culverts not being cleaned as formerly. The request with reference to the silt was referred to the Mayor; and in reference to the hoardings, Councillor Hains spoke strongly against the way in which they were put up, with no boards laid down to keep pedestrians out of the mud. Councillor CLEAVE said there was no question that the temporary footpath round the corner of the new Marine Board Buildings was in a bad state, and he had tried to remedy it, but there were other places as bad. He would see that something more was done. A rough draft of a regulation dealing with the erection of hoardings, &c.;, was laid on the table, and after some discussion it was adopted in an amended form. With regard to the scavenging contract, it was resolved that Mr. R. Jones, the contractor, have one month's notice to discontinue. Tenders to be invited for the work. The Check Clerk repoited that 20 pontoon loads of limestone silt and three barge loads of mud had been discharged alongside the wharf during the fortnight. The Sanitary Inspector reported ou the state of the wards, butchers' shops, watertables, &c.;, and spoke unfavourably of one or two lodginghouses which were not conducted satisfactorily. The report contained a list of the various places where stagnant water was allowed to lie on vacant and occupied allotments to the number of 22, and stated that at the back of Lipson-street, where the Government had stuff thrown up .to form the railway, there was an accumulation of stagnant water the stench from which was dreadful, and which water flowed into private property. The Public Works Committee's report stated that Mr. Fry's tender for digging holes for tree planting at Is. 3d. per hole had been accepted for 100 to 120 boles. They had decided that the Curator of the Cemetery purchase suitable trees for planting there after consulting Dr. Schomburgk. The request of Mr. Hall for a crossing at the Company's Basin to be complied with in its turn. The Committee had decided upon repairing the culvert at the end of MinoriesandFormby'. - parade at once. CORRESPONDENCE. J. Rtidali, Town Clerk of Gawler, asked the price paid by the Port Corporation for lighting the streets with gas at per lamp, also cost of the lamps and posts. Town Clerk to furnish information. J. C. Walker applied for two loads of road scrapings. Not entertained. W. Norman applied for six loads of cinders from the Smelting Works, as his back premises were almost impassable. Not entertained. J. Linton applied for 10 loads of silt for filling up the property of the Working Men's Association. Referred to the Mayor. J. Ormond, G. Bridgman, and H. Nash directed the Councils notice to the bad state of the crossing from Cannon-street across the Commercial-road, and requested that it might be improved. Received. Henry Roberts and John McGrath, licensed porters, asked permission to ply for hire on the platform of the Port Railway Station, the present Stationmaster having refused their application. They also asked if it was in accordance with the by-laws for the draymen to ply for hire from the steamers, they wearing no badge. Mr. H. Graves, it was stated, monopolized the whole of the luggage with his trollies when a steamer arrived. During a discussion which ensued it was pointed out that the licence system was adopted for the protection of the public to prevent strange people handling luggage; that lads frequently went on board steamers and took passengers' luggage, thereby depriving both the porters and draymen from plying that branch of their business. There seemed to be a. clash between the draymen and the licensed porters, and it was suggested that the porters might form a "deputation to the Traffic Manager. It was finally resolved that the writers of the letter be written to and advised so to act. The MATOB promised also to try and get the matter settled. The draymen could not be interfered with, as they held a dray licence. Cr. RANK directed attention to the fact that young boys often applied for porter's licences, and he asked that the age be defined. Resolved that no licences be granted to applicants under 16 years of age. TENDERS. Five tenders were received for a 60-feetshute near the Jervois Bridge, and five also for 5,000 feet of jarrah for Y-shutes for the streets. It was decided to have an open shute, and the tender of W. King, jun., for £21 was accepted. The tender of Reeves & Herbert for the jarrali to make the V-shutes at Is. 3^d. per foot was accepted. FINANCE. Rates, £224 9s. lid.; miscellaneous receipts, £415s. 3d. Expenditure, £41115s. lid. Balance at Bank, £324 14s. 5d. Council adjourned for a fortnight. 