REVIEW. THE NATIVE TRIBES OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. This is the title of a work just published by Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son. which pre- sents to the reader accounts of the abori- gines of this province, written by a num- ber of gentlemen who have had 6pecial opportunities of observing the manners and customs, and the physical and mental characteristics of the original possessers of this country. It is handsomely bound, and illustrated by a number of excellent plates representing native dances, dwell- ingss and ceremonies. The Rev. George Taplin supplies a lengthy and highly interesting account of the Narrinyeri, in which general appellation are included the tribes of the Iakes Alexandrina and Albert, the Lower Murray, the Coorong up to Lacepede Bay, and the country from the Murray Mouth to Cape Jervis. The natives of the Adelaide and Encounter Bay tribes are dealt with by Dr. Wyatt. formerly Protvctor of Aborigines, his remarks being based principally upon materials supplied by his official reports. Mr. H. E. A. Meyer gives the results of his obser- vations of the Encounter Bay tribe. He writes in a terse, easy style, and supplies curious particulars of the superstitions of the natives with regard to death and a future state. The Rev. C. W. Schurman's article on the Port Lincoln natives is espe- cially valuable, as there are some habits and ceremonial rites distinguishing the tribes all along the western coast from those of Adelaide, and to the eastward towards Victoria and New South Wales. The practice of circumcision, and a more extraordinary operation that Eyre and other writers (among them, Mr. Woods, who contributes the introduction to this book describe in Latin, indicate a special affi- nity between the savages along the sea- board from Boston Harbor to the Bight, and those in the Far North. Concerning the latter, Mr. Samuel Gason, police- trooper, furnished a great amount of information in a publication edited by Mr. George Isaacs. which is now included in the work we are noticing. Mr. Gason spent some years in the North, and has evidently taken great pains to become acquaiuted with the character and usages of the blacks that he distinguishes as the Dieyerie tiibe, whom it was his duty to protect or bring to justice as the case might require. The vocabulary he has constructed is an evidence of great industry on the part of the compiler, and lays under great obligations to him all to wish to study aboriginal philology. As bearing upon the question of the particular affinity of the western to the northern tribes, we observe that the same word, "ninna," is used by both to signify "thou." Mr. Schurman's list of words of the Port Lincoln dialect is very brief, or doubtless we should see other instances of identity or great similarity. We must specially notice the introduction to this work by Mr. J. D. Woods, who has made the aborigines of this colony a subject to which he has devoted considerable study, and he has suc- ceeded in conveying in a very readable and instructive chapter as much information respecting the natives as could be com- pressed into the space he has al- lowed himself. Mr. Woods properly deplores the neglect of our Government to take anything like adequate means to pre- serve records of native traditions or the aboriginal language in anything approach- ing to a perfect form. With some of the dialects it is now too late. The Adelaide tribe, which forty years ago numbered 300 souls, has long passed away, and half-a- dozen other tribes have disappeared leaving not a trace behind. There were some remarkably fine men among the blacks who in the old days camped on the Park Lands. Among them were the powerful and ferocious Tam O'Shanter, whose fearful yell at the corroboree was never forgotten by those who heard it; the cunning and wicked old savage, Rodney; King John, with his three wives, who were well known to the citizens of primitive Adelaide. His Majesty's native name is given by Dr. Wyatt, but the original appellations of the other two colored notables have passed into eternal oblivion. There are some matters in which all the accounts contained in this book, and as far as we remember all other books concerning the Australian aborigines entirely agree, and foremost among these subjects we may mention the horrible impurity of the natives in their general habits, and still more so in some of their particular customs. The women of the tribes about Adam Bay and Port Darwin are said to be perfectly chaste, so are those on some of the islands in Torres Straits, and, we understand, in New Guinea; but over all Australia, with the exceptions we have mentioned, there seems to be no idea of such a virtue. It can hardly be said that the whites demoralised the natives in this respect, for before Europeans came to these lands the blacks were so sunk in moral depravity that they could not reach a lower depth. Some of their practices are never described in print, except in a dead language. The whites, however, were the means of spreading certain diseases more widely among them, even if they did not introduce these maladies, and the mortality from this cause was at one time very great, though Mr. Woods, we observe, seems rather inclined to differ from this opinion. Colds and consump- tion, arising from wet blankets ; measles, whooping cough, and other epidemics in- troduced by the whites, helped to sweep away the small and scattered black popu- lation : and probably when through the game being driven back they had to travel further) and found children a great burden there was an increase of infanticide. Some persons who have studied the subject say the numbers of the natives were diminish- ing before the occupation of the country by Europeans. There can be little doubt that smallpox made fearful ravages among them about fifty years ago. The accounts which the survivors give of the disorder, the great numbers who they say died of its attacks, and whose skeletons may be dug up in scores about Point Sturt and other burying-grounds on the Lakes, and the many natives that were to he seen with pockmarked faces in the early days of the colony all point to this conclusion. Whether, independently of this scourge, the aboriginal population was decreasing before the white invasion is a question open to difference of opinion, but there is no doubt of the rapid disappearance of the race since that ptriod. Mr. Taplin believes that this process may be arrested by Christianizing the natives and teaching them morality and temperance, and he bases this belief upon his ex- perience at Point Macleay, where since 1869 he has recorded 150 births and 162 deaths. This is not encouraging, but Mr. Tapley remarks that while many natives have been brought from a distance to die at that Mission Station, "the births have been the offspring of residents in the place." The existence, however, of the natives at our Mission Stations is to them very artificial. By a sort of a paradox they are like exotics on their own soil: if the care of the cultivator is withdrawn they will rapidly fade away. Were the Mana- gers of the Point Macleay and Poonindie Institutions and their assistants to leave their charges to take care of them selves the buildings would become dilapidated, the ground would lie waste, and the live stock would be scattered. In all the forty-two years since the colony was founded the blacks have not produced a mechanic, and there is not one now who without European assistance could build a decent hut for a shepherd or make a pair of boots. These melancholy facts are quite consistent with our knowledge that Mr. Taplin, and other real friends of the aborigines, have, by kindness, tact, good example and instruction, taught many natives to respect them, to live sober, decent lives, and adopt habits of industry, as far as they are capable of exhibiting that quality. Many persons have supposed that the Australian natives have no idea of a future state or of the spirit world or super- natural agencies, but this is a mistake. Their notions on these subjects are various, and naturally enough grotesque and extra- vagant, but often highly imaginative. They have their demons and their good spirits: ghosts that make night hideous; sorcerers who work incantations or practise deadly arts. The home of the good blackfellows who have died is up in the skies, according to the opinions of some who are still in the flesh ; while others believe this world is to be their future place of abode, and that their spirits will inhabit other bodies. The belief that " when blackfellow tumble down die, by-and-bye jump up whitefellow is familiar to many old colonists who have conversed with the aborigines about such matters. Not- withstanding differences in dialect, and in some of their customs, the natives are alike in most matters of importance. In the slavery of the women, marriages and betrothals, universal immorality, infanti- cide, tatooing, songs without meaning, ceremonies for which they can give no reason, weapons, style of warfare, supersti- tions, forms of revenge, modes of hunting— in all these there is wonderful similarity, though in some particulars there are varia- tions caused by differences iv the character of the country and the game, fish, or vegetables it produces. The natives have their chiefs, though probably the power of these potentates is com- monly rather limited. The book before us gives information on all these matters, and is enlivened by many anecdotes illus- trating the dispositions of the natives, their habits and superstitions. Their doctors are apparently most arrant impostors, but the faith of their dupes is absolute and unquestioning. The native legends and traditions are curious, and when not too absurd are really poetical. Much of this work is historical, and furnishes particulars of the early collisions of the whites with the race they have dispossessed. It will well repay perusal, giving as it does a tolerably lifelike picture of the noble savage. Mr. Taplin has succeeded in his effort to make the Narrinyeri live in the imagination of the reader, and the other writers whose contributions help to fill up the volume have done much to preserve to us a fairly accurate impression of a race fast hurrying on to extinction. 