THE GRATEFUL POODLE. -Mark Tmain. . One day a benevolent physioUn I who had read the ttooki), having found a ?tray poodle luQeting from r broken leg, cotmyed tins pocr creature to his home, and alter MUing and bandaging the injured limb gave the little outo?tt it* ?betly again, and thought uo mori about the inattor. But how grett was his surprise, upon opening his door one moraing, some days Inter, to find the grat*. ful poodle pationtly waiting there, and In 1U company another stray' dog, one of whon ]„„,, by ?ome ncoldent.had been broken, Tho kind physician at ouoo relieved the dll treesed animal, nor did he forget to idmirs the inscrutable goodnem and ;mercy of jQod, who had boon willing to uae aa humb c v in?trnment a> the poor outcast poodle lor the incaloulating of, etc., etc., etc., SKQ.USL. Tho n?xt morning the benovolent physldin found the two dogo, beaming with gratitude, waiting at his door, and with them two other dogs—cripples. Th? cripples were *jv<redUy healed, and the four went their way, leaving the benevolent pbyslciau more overcome hy pious wonder than ever. The day pujed, the morning came. There at the door sit now the four reconstructed dog?, nud with them four others requiring reconstruction. This day also paused, aud another moroln; came ; and now sixteen dogs, eight ot them newly crippled, occupied the sidewalk, ?nd the people were going around. By noon th? broken legs were all set, but the plouj wonder in the good physician's bre.st wu beginning to get mixed with involuntary profanity. Tho aun rose one. morj, ?n.l exhibited thirty-two doge, aixteen of them with, broken legs, occupying the ?ldew,ilk ?nd 'half of the street; the human spoctstori took up the rest ot tho room. The cries oi the wounded, the souga of the healed brutw, and the comments of the on-looking eitlzsni made great and inspiring cheer, but tiaffli ?max interrupted in that straet. The good phyaioUn hired a oouple of aseietant surg?ooi aud got through his benevolent work bifow dark, first taking the procmtion to c?nc?l hl? church memberihip, so that he mijht express himself with the latitude which th? 0&80 leQuirecl* But we things have their !!mlt?. When once more the morning dawned, and the good physician looked out upon a ma?ie<l snd Jir reachinx multitude of olamourout and beseechinK dog?, he ?aid, " I might m well aoknowlodge it, I hare been fooled by th? books ; they only tell the pretty part o! ttt? story, and then ?top. Ketch mo thn ?bo:; gun ; this thine has gone alonjf far enough. He i-sued forth with his we?pon, and chanced to step upon tho tail of tho "rlgmil poodle, who promptly bit him in th? lee. Kow the great and good work which poodle bad been engaged in, had engendered in him such a mighty and augmenting enthusiasm as to turn his weak head at kit and drive him mad. A month later, vrhen the benevolent physician lay in tho do?tn throes of hydrophobia, ho called his weejins friends about him, and said :— „...,, " Beware of the books. Tn?y tell but hiU of the story. Whenever a poor wretch i?ki you for help, and you feel a doubt. M ?? what result may flow from your benevolen-e, ?i? yourself the benefit of the doubt and kill tho applicant." .... ?„ tht And so saying he turned his face to th. wall and nave up the ghost.- 