?f)t ftfiöitea Jffltoniína jótralo. t¡ i '-". :,,;.? ?,-??,? -- SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1878. IN the I cgislalive Assembla, Acsterilav, A belect Committee was appointed, on the motion of Air HUKLE\ (Hartlev ), to uiquuc into and report upon ceitain land at the corner of Pitt and Bridge stieets, upon Avhich the Comiuercial thimuers arc built Air COONAN moa ed the House mto committee to consider nu neltlress to the Governor that theie be placed on the Supplemental) Lstin.ates for 187b, monea sufliucnt to pin to Messrs Ala on and Elkington the amounts deducted fiom the pn\menu junde to them in respect of the cNtonsion of the miwal from Bathurst to Oian"o Hie contract in question was to have been completed on the 1st of August, 187G, but OMI; to the failure of the Government to complet" the settlement of claims for land lesumcd mid to the fniluie of the GOACHI meut to deliver tho lails it Latluu towing to the uoiv conipletion of the bruise over the Alueciuaric, the tim tractors vv cic unable to limsh tht AV r\ mid thev applied fo- nu CNtonsion of time Mi Vttornei General Daliel iv as of opinion that althou0h the con tractors hnd no slnctlv legal ilium lhere were mana equitable grounds upon avhich the c\tcuston should be granted An e\tension of time was ginntcd but hind was e\acted from the contractors under which .£?00 per Aveek was deducted for the non completion of the work at tho c\tcniled time It was aeivhaid to punish Mason mid 111 ington, wh n greater concessions had been made to other to itiuctoi Mr AITLHONE read tin repot ts of the district engineer, win li showed thnt the ilelnishad onsen solch on aecount of their nclect to prov nie the ncces sai) plant and to ram on tho works with reasonable vmotir and the report of the Lngmeei in chief which show ed that there was no ¡,tound for ONtendin,, the time of Alason and rillington bevond the fact that 8ue.h eoneessious had been mode to other contractors The hues ou{,ht to hnv o been comoloted to Armi Inlc Alburv, and Dubbo before this, and the delavs of the contractors lind intlictcd enormous losses upon par ticular districts and the countiv gcncrnlli Air PIXUIEK ni,recd that the Government ought to insist upon the punctual peiformanee of contrae s unies«, as in tlus case, there was equitabli reasons vv hy the time should be extended Lvcrv contempo raucous contractor lind received an cUcnsioii of time without penalty lho owners of the land had not received the no'tces required bv tito Rftthva} Act mid refused to nllow the i-oiitraotors to enter upon the land and the contrae ors overo also put to great loss nu 1 inconvenience bv completing the line to Ulnvncv, and handing it over to the Government before thev weit, entitled to clara it The Government mun posing the penalties tojk an unfair ndvantnge of these contractors but ns Air Combes linden en up a portion of the penalties th« Government had virtualh sur rendered the whole case Mr I ACKEI referred to the embarrassments to avhich the Govcrûment of which he was a membei av ere subjected bv reason of lnrgc ralvvav contracts hnv mg been eiv en to men w ho hnd hid no prci IDUS c\ pirience mid he quoted liom papers in the case to show that the contractors hud not been deluved bv the failure of the Government to îesumo the lind or fro n nnv other cause If the penalties w ere rcnulted m this cs e how could the. Government continue to e\nct similar penalties in the co. e of Ali A\ al cford and Alessrs Amos lhe House vv as boun 1 to hnv e îegnrd to the interests of the whole countiv Ali I INCH suppor ed the ino ion Air AViNDKvti thought it was n mistol c for the Munster for Av orks to allow the contractors to appeal to this House and if the appeal were successful a jiretedciit would he e-tnbli lied foroicrv other dib contented contractor to come here lhceiuiable considerations named ha Mr Dnllca were full) satis ned when the contrictois leceived an eNtcnsion of time , but thc> had exceeded even the extended time bv two months and nine een deas, and thev averc therefore doubla in default Mr HuNouuoiiD and Air AV DAVIES supported the motion Mr HOSKINS rebutted inferences drawn from the Commissioners minute, that ho had dealt with the cases of other contractors in the wai the supporters of Messrs Elkington and Alason s clnim desired should be done in this nnd ho vindicated the consistoncv. of his opposition to this motion bv citing the facts of the a annus cases he had decided when Minister for Works Captain ONSIOW also thought that the House had a right to loniplnin of the misleading character of the Commissioner s minute which appeared to be a brief for the contractors, and av as placed before the House without authontj Three Secre aric3 for Public Works said that the contract must be binding, and he hoped the House would throw out tlus mischievous resolution Mr MACINTOSH bore testtmony to the great e\er tions made b> the contractors to complete the voik and showed that the penalties avere much higher thnn the rate of interest which the Goa ernment paid on the monea invested Tho difficult) of getting labour was great, and the work to be done hail beenlnrsclj increased bj the additional length and the superior construction determined on Sir JOHN ROIIEKTSON said that when the Agree ments \ ahdatuiç Bill AV as passed, the railw ay con- tractors avere informed that no c\tcnsion of time would be granted, but these contractors did not attend, and it transpired that theo, w ore not in\ited Mr SuTnpnLiNn had not hoard the fresh evidence that w as to be adduced m support of this claim , and he saw no renton to alter the détermination at avhich he had arrived, and which as he stated when this case w as last discussed AI as ad\ erse to the claim of Mason and Elkuigton He admitted that there were some points in the claim of these contractors w Inch might form tho subject of equitable consideration on the pait of the House , but the Government could not go behind the decision of Mr Lacl ov, on the apphcaton of the contractors for an CNtension of time and the contract After some remarks from Air CHIRLES and Mr RosEiiv m support of the motion, Jil COON AN asked leave to withdraw the motion This was objected to, and the House negatived the resolutions-Al es o noes 2o The order of the da\ was discharged Mi HinttA (Hartlev) moved the second reading of Beer s Disabilities Bill Dr Beer had been unpro peih convicted on mistaken medical testimony, and this bill w as neccssurv to remov e the uumented re proach thus cast upon lum lhe bill was read the second time after division AACS2S noes 4 'Hie bill was passed through committee without amendment and the report w as adopted Hie nouse adjourned n+ sateen minutes past 9 until 4 o dock on Tuesdnv nevt IN the Assembly, last week, tho SPEAKER directed attention to the? nature of some of the questions which are put on the paper day after day, and a short discussion followed upon the use and the abuse of tho practice of putting questions to Ministers. Whether this dis- cussion will lead to action of any sort in restraint of the abuses which hare arisen, we do not venture to say. The matter, however, is ono deserving of the most serious con- sideration ; and it should be considered not solely with reference to English precedent and practice, but in the light of the actual circum- stances by which the Colonial Government and Legislature are surrounded. Tho Colonial Government stands in a position very different from that of the Imperial Government. Undertaking, as it does, the construction of all sorts of public works in all patts of the country, conducting an immense business as the great common carrier of the colony, and acting as the administrator of a vast public estate under the guidance of protectionist principles, t is continually engagod 'in a ' multitude f 1 of direct ' busino'ss transactions ' with "largo i numbers of tho people. The Imperial Govern-, I mont is free from entanglements of that kind.! '. Tho people in England stand towards it in tho, 1 relation of taxpayors, not in the relation of 1 customers or employers, buyers or sellera. 1 Tho representatives of the peoplo, therefore, i aro not so likely to bring forward matters of private interest in tho IIouso of Commons as our membors aro in tho Asscmby. Hero, a considerable proportion of almost overy member's constituents will bo found directly or indirectly concornod in somo transaction with tho Government, and anxious to know how it is getting on, or why it is delayed, or tho reason why it has not been sottled in thoir favour. It is vory clear, therefore, that if tho practico of asking and answering questions that aro wholly or chiefly of privato and porsonal inlerost is to bo established, there will ultimately bo a far greater obstruction to tho progress of regular Parliamentary work than there now is. Alem bers eay that thoy cannot got tho information thoy want at tho public offices ; or, at any rate, that thoy cannot get it so quickly or so fully as bj- asking questions in tho Assembly. Mut if all tho information of privato interest that is now sought unsuccessfully at tljp Govornmont offices is to be sought in tho Assembly, the result will bo to convert the IIouso into a general inquiry oflice, and to carry out on a largi'r scalo the recent proposal in connection with tho Lands Dcpaitincnt. The Assombly will then havo to sot apart a special day of the week for tho purpose, or to have a morning's sitting. People who want information will naturally adopt tho best method of obtaining it ; and if the most effectuai woy is tu get a member to ask a question, no ono con guess'.what lengths this abu<-o will extend to. In tho interest of tho public, and of the dispatch of legitimate Par- liamentary work, somothing ought to bo dono to check it. At tho same time the subject is not ono to ' bo disposed of in an off-hand manner. No . ono will deny that the piactico of putting « mid answering questions mny bo of great i value. On public grounds it is most desir- able to retain a means of obtaining informa- tion as to public affairs and tho operations of tho dcpattments. And although tho trans- actions to which wo havo rcfen ed may bo primarily of privato inteiost only, they acquire a public interest it thero bo any suspicion of fraud, or coiruption, or maladministration about them. The purchase of a piece of land is a simple matter of business in itself, and if tlio affair bo conducted with reasonable promptitude and accoiding to law, no public inteiost attaches to it; but the ciicumstancos surrounding tho purchaso of a piece of land might bo tho causo of tho oveithrow of a Government. Heneo it is not always so easy as at first sight may appear to draw a hard and fast lina between questions that aie of public intorest anil questions that are of none. Thero are questions, however, which would i pass muster under a libeial application of this principle, and yet should not be put in tho Assembly. Tho Assembly may bo an inquiry ófrico for public pulposos, but it should not bo modo an oiïico of inquiry in tho first instance. It is an abuso to seek information thoro before seeking it at tho public offices or in oftioial papers-that is to say, to put a question in the Houso for the simplo purposo of saving tho questioner trouble. The interests of tho House should not bo subordinated to those of a single member ; tho time of the whole House should not bo consumed in order that the time of some indolent or sleepy member may be saved. Under this aspect of tho case many of tho questions which aro put are palpably improper. If tho COLONIAL. SECRETARY were catechised like a schoolboy, and asked to name tho principal events in the history of the last Parliament, or to stato in what year of her Majesty's reign the Crown Lands Alienation Act was passed, or who was Premier when tho Duke of EDINBURGH was shot, it would bo only a very slight extension of the practico which some members have fol- lowed. It is not for us to suggest tho remedy against these abuses. So far as tho matter comes within established rule, the rule should be enforced by tho SPEAKER. If laxity is allowed in ono case, it must bo in all. More might bo done, perhaps, by Ministors than has beon done. It is within the discre- tion of Ministers whether to give an answer or to Tufuso onje ; and in many cases the best answer tho Minister could give would bo to refer the questioner to tho oftico or the official paper whereat or wherein ho should have sought it in the first instance. Of course, some risk would be involved in this ; but let the occasion bo well chosen, and a Ministry that was worth anything to the country might safely take tho chances of an adverse motion upon such a point. The real sourco of tho abuse, however, lies in this, as in many other cases - in tho want of common sense, tho waut of right feelimg, or tho want of self- control, bv which Idon. members ate rendered moro or less unfit for the free exercise of? their powers and privileges. Tho power of moving the adjournment of the Houso, and talking about anything that may suggest itself, is a power that has been grossly abused for some j-ears past ; but yet it ia a power which it would he inexpedient on bvoad grounds to take away. The highest efficiency could be attained by the possession of the largest powers, if members Avould but leam to exercise them ivith self-restraint. But -when self- restraint is comparatively unknown, and rigid rules and narrow restrictions have to ho resorted to in the sheer necessity for saving time and keeping order, the inference is, tihat men of the oorong stamp have been sent into Parliament. A LAND tax in some shape or othor is an inevitable portion of the future finance of Australia. Whatever localisms may now stand in the way, it is quite certain that the different colionies Avili sooner or later come into some form of Customs union, if not into a federation. Already there is a movement afoot to unite two or more colonies, and leaA-e the rest to join afterwards, as they feel prompted. But every one who ha« studied the subject must see that the moment wo make the tariff a fixture, or, at any rato, only alterable by the Avili of all the colonies that aro consenting parties to it, from that time it becomes necessary to have some other resource for taxation on which particular colonies that have particular needs may rely ; and amongst these resources will bo a land tax. In young communities indirect taxation is the easiest ; and, as in our case, nine-tenths of it is voluntary taxation. there i.~ no suchr gravo complaint agah-.t it «w.thero. wovld, be^îii the.;indirect taxes touched the springs, ,o£ industrv But bo that ns it maj», the demand for direct taxation must grow, and of all objecta of taxation that which first suggests*' itself _ land, the valuo of -which grows with the growth of tho countty, and -with the publio and private expenditure of tho country. Tho Government of Victoria has been the first to itnposo a land tar, and the success oí its partícula«- project ia thorofoio a matter o( interest for all its neighbours. Uniortu« natcly tho value of the experiment was a good deal marrod by the fact that the ta\ was not imposed mainly for fiscul reason.. It was ennctoa too largely in tho spirit of rovemT for tho purpose of imposing a penalty ou those who had secured the best land and tua luigest estates. "Nor was the tat piceeded by nny such careful inquiry into the real con. ditioiiB of the problem as ought to have talen place. Te a gicat oxtt-ur, therefore, the policy was a leap in tho dark, anti it ¡, no nialtiT of surpiise that tho working out of the law should shoyv that tho hopes of borao of its sanguino supporter« and tho _ fears of some of its bitter opponents have alike boon di_.--pointe_. So far as th s.y blom has yvorkod tis yet, it has shown, a> the official returns indicate, that it will be ¿3 productivo ot revenue than was expected, Insto-id ot the bulle of the tattitioii falltuo-oii i'nst-class land, it falls on the fourth-chsa land. Tho quantity dealt yvith at present is about a million and a hale ncies,nnd o£ this less than 40,000 nci.s oie put doini -- tirst class, about 200,000 acic-ä as second class, less than 000,000 acres as thud class and about 080,000 aci09 as fourth cl_3 ¡ and these four classes aro tated at the rate.' ! of Is., Od., Cd., and Cd. per nero respecJ tivolj. When the laving bill was submitted! to the Assembly, the Chief Seciotarj- lodi tho public to believe that one-half the! land would bo under first class, therefore,! would bear tho heaviest tax, and that there) would bo very little indeed in tho fourth! class. Tho result shows how very little the teal; state of tho caso was understood, and to howl ! largo an oxtout both tho Executivo and thai Parliament wove proceeding on tho basis OH vaguo and popular assumptions ; and there might, if thoy had chosen to havo had a prelil minary inquirí-, have proceeded on correct anal accurato knowledge. One consequenco of thai is, tho tax will only produce about one-half of] what was expected, and it will not fall witbl tho relativo incidenco on that which wail intended. Several cases of great lmrdahitl have already been btought to light. Bjf putting tho tax on the value o£ tho land! instead of on its annual value, it falls withl very great irregularity on proprietors, nnd| instances have been adduced in which th»f tax is equal to tho whole o£ tho annual incomo from tho land, which of course is tantamount to a practical confiscation of tho whole property. Other colonies which may proceed to the discussion of a land tai will havo tho experience of Victoria, partly as a guide and partly as a warning. If the Act had been in the hands of its enemies to work it, part of the disappointments might have boen put down to the machination!, of politicians and their tools. But the very opposite has been the case. The same Ministry that passed the Act has worked it, and worked it too without flinching. All the appoint- ments have been in the Lands, and they have been men of its own party, who have worked under tho vigilant inspection of those wl havo shown that they know how '< reward idustrious subservience. "We at bound to suppose, therefore, that the Act hi yielded all that it can bo made capable < yielding, and that if the results are unsati factory it is because they are not capable < being made otherwise. In all futuro cases it will bo desirable; fiscal interests will allow, to commence ti land tax very lightly in the first instance, i as to gain all the experience which valuati« and assessments will admit. By this mern all cases of hardship will he reduced to tie minimum, while irregularities will be i visiblo on tho small scale as on the larg and all necessary adjustments may be, ma so that the most equitable conclusions can 1 arrived at. But in order that we may hare land tax thus gradually imposed, and thi relieved as much as possible from all char) of ' inequitableness, wo should commence before fiscal necessities absolutely drive us it as an important and urgent resource, the imposition of a land tax is loft ti the Treasurer is in extreme difficult« and has ty resort to it under the pressure^ great necessity, it is likely to be imposed wf a great deal of unnecessary hardshi Experiments of this sort, which affeçS ti vaiuo of property, should be made with much caro and gentleness as possible. B in order to proceed with caution, we ra« havo time ; and in order to have time, i must not leave the performance of an u portant duty until we aro cornered by ti pressure of overruling necessity. 9 OUR CABLE NEWS.-The European situation ii I coming quite melodramatic. Neither war norpe: hns yet been declared, nor are negotiations so far at i decisive. Russia appears to be parrying the qnab aa to the Eastern difficulty, her lost circular 1« almost sufficient to tax the patience of any Pom Last week we were informed that, in a circular à patch to the other Powers, the Marquis of S.M>» stated thnt he deeply regretted Russia's decision e empting some of the peace conditions from debate »J European Congress, and even refusing a part examination of them, and concluded by « pressing fears of the grave results 1* to accrue from an attempt to «* dinate Eastern Europe to Russia. Sub quent messages w-cre to the effect that the Con nental Press generally approved of the circular. Ï message we publish this morning states that P'" Gortsehakofi's note-in reply, it is presumed, to t Marquis of Salisbury's circular-has been ««ifl Regarding the Congress, he professes his inttui'T do moro than repeat previous statements, that Kus will not engage openlv to state the conditions of secret Rusio-TurkUh treaty, and, whilst according the other Powers full liberty of appreciation a action, claims the same freedom for the Empu-o represents. So that the solution to the taw Question seems as far off as it did a fortnight », The speech of the Earl of Beaconsfield, inn»»' the adoption of an address to the Que*. Monday, seems to have contributed to the «*» AVith regard to the Russo- Rouraanum oíate» things appear to bo approaching a climax, the a ments of the Russian army foreshadowing «».»» ment of the threat to disarm the Roumanian.m* the retrocession of Bessarabia is resisted to weiw by the latter Power. ... THE SYDNEY UNIVERSITYMwA«!ra.-AiMt^ aro we acknowledged the receipt of a mngazne ing the above title! To prevent?«^W^Sk ni° authorised to state that the kyana, &m.m; Magazine is not under the control of .the VWS authorities, nor is any member of the^ prof«T body responsible for thearticles contributeitUff« tM lar» BWHOF SiiArrx.-Th» announcement in pur cab]» message of this morning of the death of tlio Bishop of lichfield will be read -with- regret by very many persons other than those immediately con- nected with the Church of which the deceased was a distinguished prelate. George Augustus Selwyn, D.D., »on of the late Mr. William Selwyn, of Rich- mond, Surrey, waa bom in 1809. He was educated st Eton and St, John's College, ' Cambridge. While acting a» tutor at Eton and curato 'of Windsor, in 1811, he was consecrated first Bishop ol New Zealand. He laboured in his colonial diocese for about twenty-seven yean*. When he first arrived in the colony New Zealand was little botter than a tangled wilderness. Tho colonists were comparatively few, and for the first few years his labours aveio almost entirely confined to the Maories. In the prosecution of his work ho had to traverse the forests, swim tho river», and navigate the I«»« round the island in hlí little vessel ; and ho won i great fame and set a good example by his daring journeys and his unresting labours. Civilisation fol- lowed faster than he anticipated, nnd his late year« in the colony M ere full of pain by witnessing the colh lion between the mee to which he belonged and the raceîor which he KO devotedly laboured, lie did 'tthat ho could to prevent the war ; but when it did ¡it lencth break out he was employed ns chaplain of [he forces. Ho attended the Bick, and helped lo carry tim wounded Mnoiics to the hospital. Xot content with tho work in Now Zealand, ho estab- lished the mission to Melanesia, in which field of missionary work he was followed hy tho late lamented Bishop l'nttc-on. In the year ISJOhc came to this city to meet the then Metropolitan Bishop Broughton! with the Bishops of Tasmania, Adelniilc, and Mel- bourne; and their deliberations led to svnodical ni-tion ¡n New Zealand. On the sip.irntion of Xcw Zealand from the diocese of Sydney, in 1S17, he carried out the idea he lind lou;: enter- tained of tliuding his diocese into separate dioicas, ind ho beume Metropolitan of that colony. Uo nas appointed Bishop of Lichfield in December, 18C7. In Xovembcr, 1SCS, Dr. Selwvn passed thiough Sydney on his final return to England, lie was the first colonial bishop who was inised to an English see -the first at ho found the door of ecclesiastical pro- motion open through tho avenue of toloiiial work. It was a gicnt change to be translated from the wilds of >"civ Zealand to the dense population of an English midland county. But the energy which dis plaaed itself in one sphere was not wanting in the other. iLvPAMr RicnArt -In the news received by cable /toro our I ondon correspondent ) csttrdav it is stated that Ahdame Rachel has been sentenced to Uve years' Impnsonment. Two or three dav s ago vve furnished our readers with the particulars of the eNtrnoidmnrv baud perpetrated bv this woman, Rachael Leverson, upon îlrs Cecilia Mona Pearce, nn Italian lad), tuent) four A cars ot age, and wife of a london stockbroker Mr* Pearce, probably not possessed of much personal benuti, and envious of other» of her se\ who were more hberalh endowed b) na'ure, was induced bv the " Arabian Perfumer to the Queen ' to undergo a course of enamelling which would bo of such pennnnenev fhatatsiAtv she avotildlook ns aoung ns 9hc was then »ttaienti four £1000 was the vera moderate amount of compensation that Madnme required for her ser rices. In proof of the success of her treatment, lhe called her dupes attention to the juvenilitv ti het own features, notwithstanding her ndvnnced Hoof 86 Madame Rachael further stated that she had juit finished off a countess for £2000, and was finishing another, w ho vv 03 topa) her £1000 Mis Pearce consented to the tenus, and w as placed under " crepitation ' The result of this prelimmarv treat- ment was to bnng out eruptions on her face, which »omenhat alarmed her, and AIndamo Rachael soon found she had a -»roman of more minJ (Jim beaut) to deal with After rcinon itrancöand threats on both sides, the defendant reduced her terms to £o 10, and ei entuall, to £200 is a guarantee for payment Airs Pertrcp left av ith the áe/endant a quantity of jeweller), and it was ona charge of obtaining this jeweller) bv means of false i raid fraudulent representations that the defendant av as proäecuted, and has since been convicted The beau- tifying process wa« never completed Prosecutri\ »«reluctant to appear in a Court under the circum rimces, but her sense of public duti outweighed all «her considerations 1 his, w e beliei c, is the second tfflc the defendant has been convicted and imprisoned for fraud DisrnicT COURT -Monday, April 15 -Jury Ctuses Francis y Commistioner of Itmlivnv-, I" vie t Robison Causess Inbrell v Barden, Limb v "ftelby, Ritchie y. Cutler and others. Ritchie v. Hoping A__o__ DISCOVERY OF ARTHUR ORTON -In the Le-islntive Assembly, last nirfit, Mr Eckford "ave noticeth-it onTue-rlnv nevt lie will move-"lhat m the opinion of this Houie it is desirable for the ends of ju-tue th-it Arthur Orton, alin<. Wilhim Ctcsnell, a lunatic confined in the Pairamatta Lunatic ?.»lum, should be handed ov er to "vV H Lock, of II, Charle» street, Titaov, "victoria as the duly '«thomed ajjent of Arthur Orton b elder brother, Charles Orton of OG Pcividive street Kotheiluthe inthe county oi "Kent Enghiid foi the purpose of Ultmg lu-n to Fii!-lnndîoi lurther ldcntihcition he bein-, the A.rth n Orton referí eil to in the "rent fieri borne tnil, and viho will be the means of pioving birond doubt th-itthe party now «eivinir i «entencc ".fourteen vtar« lrnpiisotinieutin gaol in England ttnot Arthur Orton, whoever eKe he mnv be Sittrmo OP Tin. Pi« With-Hie following is fee list of shippmi, foT the past week -Arm ils from foreign ports Armistice, birniic from Port Pine Clcngaun ship,fromLivcrpool Au Revoir.schoonoi, Joai Timaru, Wentw orJi, steamer, norn Levuka Ike departures for foreisn ports weie Thcrniopvl L, *hip. for Sh-uiphni, fliulini- Downs, ship for wadon, Evelyn, ship, for Snn _ rancisco Cordillen, rarque foi Snn Francisco II M S Bea.le on a "attie Venture, Rchoontr, lor New Caledonia , Snow - ra, barque, for San Tr-ncisco Ihe liitercoloiml t«Kenger tnflic yv -is as follows -Vi rivals from Mel »irnie 2" departures to Airbourne, 143 arrivais WaiBnsbnnc, ¿Oo , departures foi Hiiso-mi., 110 Sr ANDHEVV s CATHEUUAL-Older of Musical «mee for Palm bundav Alagnificnt. AVeslev,, in T , joic Dnmttis, AA/eslev, in 1", Anthem, Daughteis of imi«al.'m, G. J Eh'ev Tut PVTAI. STUSET ACCIDENT.-AVc reported jes »tdav that on Thursday night, a man named Joseph «mnlev.of 4, Clcvelnnd-street, av us walking on the ¡.renient neath opposite the Redfern railway station, «taihe was pushed ba some one into the load, just lltontofa horae and cab, avhich were at a stnnd J"l The horse took iright, and bolted foi a short «lance, knocking the man down, and one of the cab «eels passed over his chest He was perfectly fciBCious on his arm al at the infirmai), but got »one and died during the night Although JW) inquir) has been made respecting *t deceased at the address given and in T neighbourhood, no one seem3 to kno w «ping about him. lhe following is a description Miara -About 35 a ears of age, 5 feet 8 inches or 9 »Me» high, ¡hght-biown hair and whiskers all toni,i sunken cheeks, prominent foiehcntl, dressed *«>rk paget coat, dark trousers, and brown vest, «tired enmean shirt, bluther boots, mid soft felt JT»at, supposed to be a plasterer. The bod> lies »»te dead-house at the Infirmai), awaiting ldenti Wion and inquest. T»t REV. Jons A. Dowi*.-At a meeting of the «mtUandsupporters of the Bev. John A. Dowie, held ffi- iStant H»" ou Thursday, the 4th instant, jOtuvered an address stating his views 03 to the Ink,. Í ttn Independent or Free Christian Church JLUJ5Aand referred to the desire which had been J'Msedthat he should remain. After favourable nea"? ;heJncetinS was adiourned to Thursday iii £> « Dowîe »RM» presided, but left the fcvim» ^"i . vthe meeting to consider financial ¿J"6'111 ws absence. Upon returning again, the tutX/fiT0 to»-announced to the seiend gentle C» ' ffl«Ung had rcsoUed upon guaranteeing uifiirT V7 bcr?1 sum as a minimum stipend, wmc4 a committee to carry out financial ntlnirs. L«iUi»iBin approving his sentiments, and 'VlÄ £ ^^'ake the -work permanently X«».« bïtiïl- TheRev. Mr. Dowie replied. ?*fi\u poutlon' and Ptomised that he would Cls views a, to the proposed Fiee Christian kWtain^ rYek, Tlle »««ees will continue , m w fte Brotestant Hall for the present. TUB DirarcH op TH« COLONY.-The bill repealing the Act giving to Volunteer« of five years' efficient service a grant of fifty acres of, land has passed- both Houses of Parliament, The sole cause ot the decadence of our Volunteer Force is thus removed, and the Government intend in a few days to submit to the Legislativo Assembly a proposal for the re- organization of the Force. Colonel Seratchlcy, accompanied by Colonel Roberts, has completed "a minute inspection of the batteries for the defence of Port Jackson, in order to ascertain the most economical mode of remedying the defects noticed by Sir AVillinm Jervois in these works. The following are the principal alterations which nre to be made:-It has been decided to introduce, as far as practicable, in the magazines and storeroom« most of tho improvements adopted in England in regard to the lighting, fittings, and arrangements for the ex- peditious serving of the ammunition to the guns. Additional precautions are to be provided, mainly in the powder magazine, to lessen the risk of accidents. Traverses are being conttructed between the guns with workinc parties of the Permanent Artillery in order that the destructive effect of shell fired from an enemy's ship may be restricted-and in some cases to prevent the guns being enfiladed. Bomb pi oof chambers nre to be constricted in the sunken ways between the guns, in which to store the numer- ous implements required for working the guns, such ns rammers, sponges, tackle, blocks, lifting jacks, tools, spare articles, &c.; At present, from want of proper accommodation, these anieles are kept in the shell-rooms. Other more important alterations and ¡mpiovcments arc in contemplation, but they are still under consideration, ns it is imperative that they should not interfere during execution w ith the use of the guns. The observing and tiring stntions for the torpedo defences aro rapidly approaching completion, and Major Cracknell is ready to commence laying the cables. It is not proposed to provide a permanent svstem of submarine mines for closing the entrance to Botany Bin-, a more careful examination of the locality by Major Cracknell mid Colonel Seratchlcy having led thoic olHccis to decide upon mechanical mines protected for the present, and until the penunnent work on Bare Island, hy guns ot position on «hoic. The best positions for these guns have been selected by Colonel Roberts. At New-castle, platforms arc being laid for four 80-pounder rilled guns, and placed behind a temporary earthwork, to bo constructed by a detachment of the Permanent Artillery. Observing mid finng stntions are in course of coustniction, and when they are completed, the torpedoes will be laid. The designs for the lemaindcr of the works recom- mended by Sir AV. Jervois aie being proceeded with. Ucsit'ns for barracks nt Middle and South Heads, pre pared bv the Coloiiinl Vrclntect s Department, have licc-ii approv ed, nnd n site plan is being prepnrul. Hie Colonial Secretan s authority will be obtained to piocecd with tluse bmlduigs as soon as possible. THE TUIF -There wis ven little betting last even- ing, nnd. Eave tlmt Chester was t shade firmer for the St Leger, prices remained as preuouslv quoted As will be seen lu a<l\ertiseraent, the general annual meeting of 1-tttcrsall s Club is to take place at tattersalls at 8 pin on Mondam, when office- bearers for the ensuing vear and other business of importance will be transacted The ¿atea and other racecourse properties for the forthcoming autumn meeting of the A f C are to bp disposed of b\ Mr George Kis3, at the Bazaar, Pitt-street, on Monday no\t Tar LATE Fins AT THE CLAIRENDOV HOTPI, Mo.ii-The Cit\ Coroner accepted bail \ ostcrda\ morning for Mrs Sargeant and Daniel Tuan, the two persons who were committed to Darlinghurst gaol on the charge of scttine fire to the above preraises, nnd thev have, therefore, been released from custody 1hev will be tried at the nott session of the Central Criminal Court to be held at Darlinghurst on the 13th of May next, and not at the Quarter ¡sessions as stated vestcrdn\ CLEVFiAsn-STriTrT -We notice that the foundation stone of nWes'cvan Church, to be erected in Cleve- land-street, will bo laid this afternoon, bv the Kev Girvase Smith, D D , who is on a visit to the colony, as a deputation from the British to the Colont-il Con- ference ?\ ISIT OP THE MAITI ANO CRICMTPR« -A match WlU take plnce to d-iv, on the Association Ground, betw een an eleven of the Albion Club, West Mattland, and an oqunl numboT of the Belt idere C C The Albion ro pi esentnttv c« are prettv strong, and v. ill probabh play a close mttch PRÉSENT ITTON -Yesterday afternoon, the employees of Mr T B Holdsworth (who is taking his departure for England bv the faticz Mail) met together and pre- sented linn with n valuable diamond ring, mid a hand- somely illuminated address, ns a small memento of the kmdh feeling existing towards him The health of Mr and Mrs Holdsw orth w as drunk in bumpers of champagne, wishing him a pleasant and prosperous 10)age CAT-TORE OP A SHARK -A tiger shark, measuring from hie to six feet m length, was caught y esterdai in Watson s Bay bl Mr Napper and party PVRMONT BAVD OF HOI E -A successful and pleas- ing concert took place on Thursday evening in the Church of England schoolroom Mr John .Roseby, M P , occupied the chair The performers w ere, with one oi two exceptions, all residents of the neighbour hood, and member« of the Band of Hope The chairman gave a short and appropriate address Bifore the meeting closed, votes of thanks to the chairman and musicians were carried by acclamation Ihe singing of the Tsational Anthem brought a most enjoveble meeting to a close ERROR FROM SIMILARITY OF NAMES -In the Water Police Court on Wednesday last were two charges one against Mr McCahon for using words calculated to provoke a breach of the peace (which was dis- missed), and another against John McCann for criminal assault. The information against McCahon, it seems, was served as though it had been upon McCann, and the similarity in the pronunciation of the names has been misleading. The charge of criminal assault was not against McCahon, but against McCann. FnfcmM-We have been requested by Mr James Manning to state, with respect to the notice which appeired in vestcrdiy's Ifeiatdot his water scheme, that he had been made to say-"The Nepean scheme would cost two to three millions sterling for 12,000 000 gallons duly," whereas he said "that it would cost that sum, by the projector'» own »howinv, for 30,000,000 dailv " JUDLI.II. CHAUJIOSNET.-In musical circles this young lady hns for some time been looked upon as one of the most promising pianistes ; anil hnvuig lately passed with great credit to herself through the Con- servatoire of Paris, she now- purposes commencing a professional career. AVith this view a grand concert is nrranaed to take place at an early date, avhen she avili made her first nppearance, assisted by Herr Kreitschmanu and all the musical talent available in the etty. THE AatrsEMENTs. - At the Theatre Royal this f vening, Mr. D« fries, who made such a successful appearance in Hamlet a few nights ago, takes the same character again. Richard III. is to be withdrawn after this evening at the A'ictoria ; and Mrs. Scott Siddons continues "Our Bovs " at the Queen's. Next week being a season avhich is not of a very festive character probably accounts for little chango being made, but several" new pieces will be given at Easter. Corn'tiMESTAnv SuiTBn.-A complimentary supper was given by the workmen in the employ of Mr. AVilliam AA/allace, contractor for the new- gasometer, Pitt-»treet, on Thursday evening, in the Agricultural Hotel, to their employer and friends. Air. Slade, clerk of works, filled the chair ; Mr. Pinfold acted as itce-chainnnn. The commodious room was decorated avith mottoes and evergreens, and the table artistically arranged for the occasion. The company present, numbering about forty, sat down to an excellent supper, all seeming to" enjoy the repast. Mr. AVal lace's health was, of course, the toast of the evening. This w as followed by a short address by one of the woikmen on their behalf, the «ame being courteously acknowledged by their employer. Mr. AVallace, in proposing the health of the host and hostess, bore testimony to the excellent manner in which they h»d got up tlie supper. THE GCILU HILL.-Mr. D'Arcy Read's ghostly entertainment is now made still more attractive by the addition of a Chinese phantom dance, which, as a spectral illusion, is extraordinary. The phantoms, or spectres, are not content with going through a gro- tesque pel formalice, but actually pass through each other-at least they appear to do so, and appearances are everything avheie ghost scenes are represented. Goethe's " Faust " is drawn upon for the incidents of the first pai t of the evening's entertainment, and is followed by the " Parsee in Search of his AVife." Mr. Read is very amusing in "The Haunted House," which affords ample scope for the representation of his illusions. The intervals are, perhaps, somewhat too frequent, but a clever performer on the pianoforte does his best to fill up the little gaps. Last night a good many of the officers of the Japanese corvette Tsukub» avere present, and evinced considerable wonderment in what they saw*. The entertainment, ns a whole, is perfectly unique, and will well repay a visit by those who have not yet witnessed the effects produced by the latest improvements in the spectro- scope. 