THE SPIRIT OF G0D.1 AND : -THE SPIRIT OF DEMONS;' . ( T jhe Editbrs-of the Protestant' Standard. ). . ,.SiR,— When the Apostle Paiil : and his eight or) nine fellow-helpers .were preaching the Gospel of .the i Blessed God))j:hey , exemplified, by tlieir lives, .that they inot. only believed all they, taueht. .hut. that thev had also snoh n. Hvi'nir faithjin the living God, as , to. - trust to Him to f '. supply , all .their , need according to the, riches of/His 'glory in 'Christ Jesus.";' ." They went forth taking riothing from the Gentiles. " Every- . where ) these men of God,, as ; St..Paul) himBelf tells' us, were hungry, thirsty, naked, -buffeted, - and had no certain dwelling place, and . ;as - it were appointed unto death,: never/ did ' they oriceVswerve in their faith, in that glorified Man On.His Father's throne, " who loved, them arid gave .' Hiinself for them."; What.iwere earthly things, or earthly troubles, to, the; God- inspired Paul, M'ho had these three things before him, firstly, an object to ""win Christ,, a,nd. , to know Him in. the power of: His resurrection.' Seqoridly, a mark, the prize of the high calling of. .God on .high. Thirdly, , a hope, looking for the Saviour to come and change his . vile body,, arid. fasMqri.it like His.pwa. glorious/body. i'Tt- , was a matt'er.iof 8ra'all momqrit.,ito;'t),Raql7'rirhrit became. of. hiui, flhe cross , of, Christ had such an < immense power. r.qyer, his- ,-w.liole being jv having cu£( him off 'from; hirriself. apdi cut,, -him oftfrom tlie (W.orid), > Paul,..well,-1kneyv .in,., his ; soul that thri'crosqf Christ 'asGod.oentrer;..and.: .' iqg; qin.Mmth;3p\y.eri )oL arid sa , he. ; ; never'attempt ,it ..oyer, with-, words. or' \- elq'uence"'q£ ariyf kind,"; buli.;always; held it up to , the;wqrld,,'in'aU its nakedness. .. The Cqrinthian Cripstijms);'nq.( douht)) could , riqk understand Paui))and , were somewhat puzzled - about him, they saw) before them a riiaiv qf..words, and of ''it'ih|d|rial.weri who, was always speak ing about a cross, and a Man /that, hung on it, wnqicpiild arid would save all, who came torHim> arid yet this Mari did not even attempt , , to save Himself. "It. was all the same, Paul would ; not , cover, over the cross with words) for he knew well that the Mari who .was crucified in weak ness, was the.wisdom of ,God andktlfe : power, of God, 'and afford $p- lie ;inade a spectacle iirit'o the world,; unto men, arid unto angels.'. Uur reason for, directing attention, to, the, way in' which this Go'd-inspired mariflived, is, there are persons riow-a-days who alsd give out that they are inspired. The contrast between the inspired Paul and those of this/ untoivard generation, is so marked, that the simplest in deed cannot fail to perceive it. If we found the inspired persons of to-day acting in the remotest degree like St. Paul, we might, per haps, be inclined to give them credit for sin cerity, but when, on the contrary, Ave find them so much occupied with earthly things, Ave cannot help, pitying them and manifesting our contempt, for the blatant nonsense they go prating about. Hoav comes it, Ave ask, that the inspired people of to-day manifest so little faith in the God that inspires them? Paul said, "we trust in the living God." If these inspired lecturers believe so firmly in the gods they are always prating about, how comes it they exer- . cise so little faith in them, to supply all that is needful for their daily support. Paul said, "we trust iu the living God." Hoav comes it again that when these inspired lecturers are going to lecture, they always expect payment, charging two shillings and one shilling for admission into the hall, in Avhich they are about to do so ? Did the God-inspired Paul ask for payment ? no ; but demon-inspired people always do. Then, again, why do not these inspired lecturers hire the hall, and then exercise sufficient faith in their gods to supply all that is needful to cover the expenses, and admit people gratuitously. The God-iuspired Paul Avas so saturated Avith the love of God in Christ Jesus, that he never missed an opportunity to declare the Gospel, without money and without price, and forgot all about himself. Wonderful man ! What are Ave to think of the inspired people of to-day, when Ave have such a brilliant example as Ave find in St. Paul of Avliat inspiration really is. These poor deluded souls of to-day are inspired by. gods they cannot trust to take care of them. Well, well, there are to be sure a lot of setters forth of strange gods in this world. The world is certainly in its dotage. There is one thing Ave are always reminded -of when reading the advertisements of these in spired people and that is, " Paul an apostle by the.Avill of God and Sosthenes our brother," and so-and-so an apostle by the Avill of the Devil, and the chairman his or her brother. When we . come to examine the Scriptures we find that the apostle by the Avill of the Devil and his brother are earnest believers in the Avicked spirits or demons in the heavenly places, that St. -Paul Avarns the Christian to beware of, and it is these said demons that moves, guides, con trols, and inspires this apostle, that many believe in the apostle and in them, i.e., the Avicked demons, the character of which, it is our; intention before closing, to examine. The great:head of these Avicked spirits or demons is the; Devil,; the prince of the power of the air, the god of this world, observe this world-a being of immense poAver and wisdom, and who has; been, ; for over 6000 years,; studying the human heart, and knows full Avell how to delude people into believing this, strong delusion, that when he is cast into hell, that they may also be: east in with him, that all may be damned together. "In the latter day, some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of devils." -The -most remarkable thing in the history of this demonism is, that every believer in it, inspired and uninspired, denies the lordship of Christ, a fact, which above all others, proves the movement to be energised by Satan and his angels During the days of the Apostles Satan put forth- all his strength to attain this same end, and, in this day and generation, he is doing exactly the same, blinding the. minds of his inspired teachers, by enabling them to pro nounce the most wonderful things, and to fore tell the most marvellous events, but above all his /chief aim is to deny the lordship of Christ. To prove: this : we will examine what the' Apostle: John says on' the matter; - : V , . In U John iv. 1, we have, -' Beloved, believe- not -every "spirit; but try the. : spirits, whether they 'are 'of r God; -'because many false prophets are' gone > 0ut into the world." In this verse,, there are three words, "try -the spirits, " which every believer in this delusion of demonism, has learnt off by heart, that they may use them : as the occasion requires to trip up the unwary. Trifling as this may seem, -yet in: it Ave find the marvellous Avisdom.of Satan, he knows well that if he did not introduce little bits of . Scripture' into this strong delusion- of (demonism, " few; would believe in it. He says'- " I (must blind) their minds." Let us get on with John'. The touchstone of John's argument in verses 1 to- 6 is, the confession of Jesus comeiin the flesh; : He, who -is 'guided of God confesses; Jesus' Christ : Himself to come, not : merely that He is come. To confess His coming is to recognise a truth,! to ! confess Jesus Christ came in the ltesh is to own' the person and lordship of Christ. .! 'If this: divine love came down in' a" man,' 'and tliey denied that Christ came as a man; it - would not be a holyjman come in the flesh; " That could not be said of a mere human being. . : " -Well, but," a believer in demonism will; say; "J-have come in the flesh." " Exactly so," 'but I ask, ' what other way oould-ybu come, you; are a mere man;" but -to -confess - Jesus Chris t comefin ' the' flesh; is to own that divine "truth;)'.' T; am" the - Truth;"1 'had come down 'from heaven, and took on Him -the form of a man, ; aud: that therefore, He m usfi bel ;L6rd;(and) God; Now, if a man. denies Jcsusu Christ came in the»fl(Mh,,he».i8iai.fa8erprophet,,, and, therefore, the. medium of a demon, ' but . he who confesses it'is'God's JmediuraV'fbr.it,1is the spirit 1 of'the living' God'speifig'.-ih' him.". " What "do .'tHe demqnistis 'think 'of i '"'try' th'e spirits " nbw ? 'We" tr ust",|hey, , will ' never' -'use ' these ' words" agai n . ' We , ha-ve further jprtfof giveh''td us as to 'this —tHelordship'bf'Ghnst/Aiby'St.Faul in 1 Cor. xii; 3, ;;WHbrefo¥e;' .I:;give'you':vto<Iun'derstaiid, that-! ho man'; -speaking b' calieth'. Jesus; accurd and; that "no man' can'' 8ay that');Jesus 'is the j "Lord but !by 'ihe" Holy GhqstilVTKe testwn (here again'in-this verse ' is Eord. 'E vil' spir its sqiih t to 'Creep in amon", these Corinthians'; and to speak or act, pretencL ing fo be the'Spirit'of God; and thus to confound1 everything. , Evidently they were calling Jesus accursed; Avhich must have been by the spirit of a demon; but, the apostle tells them if Christ is called _ Lord;" it is by the Holy Ghost. The seductive power of . the enemy dazzled the Corinthians' imagination, as it doe3 those of 'this' day. Demoniac power exercises such an influ- ence that the name of JeBus is blotted out altogether: A demon will not Bay "Lord Jesus," and the Spirit of the living God will' not say " accursed " to Jesus. Satan never will own Jesus as Lord. We have a marked instance of this given to n3 in Acts xvi. 17, a damsel possessing the spirit of divination ; in this day Ave would call her a medium, followed Paul and Silvanus, saying, " These men are the servants of the most high God, which shoAv unto us the way of salvation." The spirit or demon pos sessing this damsel did not even acknowledge JesuB, but speaks of the agents, Paul and Silas, in order that it might have a share in the glory, and so would bear testimony to Paul ; but Paul did not want any such testimony from an evil spirit, for he had the witness in himself, his body being the temple of the Spirit of the living God. Paul was God's medium. We have just been told by a pretended inspired being of this evil day, that when theangels of God walked and conversed with the patriarchs Elijah and others, each and all living in those days believed it to be good, but if iu this day a person says the. angels do exactly the same to them, each and all believe it to be bad. We must, however, examine this statement, for we have not yet believed, as evidently these people Avould have us believe that the Devil has1, become idiotic. We admit that the angels ; pf" God did visit the ' patriarchs and others, and : told them of the " things of God," but since,' those days there has been a cross set up in the Avorld, Avhich has changed everything. The world was morally ended on the cross,' every' link between heaA'en and earth Avas then severed. The Man who hung upon this! cross Avent down into death, rose, and stood on the other side of death, ou this world as a living! man with a spiritual body. " It was sown a ! natural body, and was raised a spiritual body." ' This Man then went on high, as the Head-of the New Creation, the old Adam creation having' been cut off in His death, the Spirit of God then came down from heaA'en, to dAvell with us,' and be in us (John xiv. 17), and to teach us all things' and to guide us into all truth (see John , xiv. 26, xvi. 13). The Christiau'is indwelt by,! the Spirit of God, who "is to teach; him. all' things and all truth. Noav, since the cross of T Christ, the angels of God only ministers to the ' Christian's bodily necessities, but.p npt in any. way conA'ey thoughts or impressiphs. lofv'the mind of God to his soul, this being" 'ever the Avork of the Spirit of the living God. In - the Acts of the Apostles, the angels conveyed messages to the servants of God, but when these! same servants opened their mouths, it was the"! Spirit of their Father that Avas speaking in' them. But there are angels who do communi cate thoughts and impressions to, the , souls of! .men', Avorking upon their lusts and . passions, making them believe they are inspired, /.but; these are the Devil's angels. It is, therefore, ! ;the Deyil's angels that inspire, these a!ngel-in- spired people of this evil day. Noav, for the.! character of those angels or demons;- - ' /, . In Ephesians vi. 12, the Holy. Spirit! by. St.!. Paul says, " For we wrestle not againsh flesh: and - blood, but against principalities/!/ and : powers, beings possessing an energy/ of- evil which has its source in a Avill that lias'mastery- over those who do not knoAV how- to, resist iit, they have. also strength to carry it out!, //.Their energy they have from God, the Avill that uscs- it comes from themselves, they have forsaken/ God, the spring of their actions /is in their own/ will. In this respect it is a source o/f /action/ independent of God, .and the energy and they qualities -Avhieh they have from- God .are //the' instruments of that will, a will which has no; bridle except from' outside itself. They are principalities and poioers. / These . rebellious; ; principalities and poAvers rule .over the darkness - of this world. Light is the atmosphere in Avhich God dwells, which. He; diffuses all around Himself. Wicked spirits deceive and reign in darkiiess. / Noiv this world riot having the light - of, . God, is entirely' !in ' darkness, arid: /demons reign in it, for God, is riot there, except iri/siipreirie power after all, turning everything to' His glory, and; in the erid,' to the good of His .children. But if these principalities rule in the darkness of this world, they do not possess merely , an, outward force, they are in the hea verifies, and are, occupied Avith spiritual lAvickedaess there. They exercise a spiritual" /influence as having the place of gods. There is, / ! then, first, their intrinsic character/ their mode; of being, and the state in Avhich they are found; ' 'second,, their power in the world as governing jit.;- and. third, their religious aud delusive (ascendency, as lodging in the heavens. They /have also a sphere for the exercise of their /power, the lusts of man, and even , the terrors of Shis conscience. The manifestations of this" power, : when God permits it; 'constitute /the: evil days. , AH this present .period of," Christ's' jabsence is, in a certairi'sense; the evil day!' This jpower which the erieiny displayed when he led /the world to ; reject Christ, he still exercises. iThe -.above/is the coniment of .a aTery 1 able man ;ori this verse iri Ephesians. ; Christian readers of the Standard, in this'evil 'dajr/ to ' be' able ' to. withstand the' vviles 1 of ' the enemy, Aye ueed to be clothed .with the' Avhole armour. of God. Supposing 'you 1 are wrong iu ' your belief (which you are not), you' will pass into the next world and be the same as the !dem6uists,/'but if they are wrong, they Avill be lost for ever. . -r-On tlie first- page of this paper,' there-is a pic ture of a-'Book, that Book contains -the'- written mind of our -Father in heaven; may -Are read -it prayerfully, and may theGod-of. peace 'sanctify j us wholly. 1 1 i i>.- j. ?,- Yours- in Christ Jesus, „ A-' -.-ROBERT HUNT.- 