MELBOURNE. (FROM orit cnra COKRESPOXDENT.) Friilnv Evening. The Opposition io the preseut Ministry, ever fertile in erecting danger signals which are hurriedly taken down as soon as they arc found to he valueless as a means of inti midation, have been puttiugup^i statutory bogus of late, to warn people from attempt ing to sit ou the Treasury coffers. Paiu3 and penalties-it being very foolishty sup posed that going to his constituents is a terror to any or the present Government have been threatened, and it has been thought that the Government would be thrown into confusion bv these squibs and paper pellets of the brain, and would be com pelled to weaken the respcct in which it isheld by the country, by making an injudicious apportionment of offices duriug the absence of the Chief Secretary. Let me assure you -and I think 3'ou know I never speak plainly, but as one authoritatively preguant of his cause-that there is no difficulty in the matter. Kef ore Mr Berry leaves us Major Smith will assume the Treaaurership as a mntter of routine without accepting "an office of profit," and consequently will not be required to visit his constituents ; and the disposition of the other ollices will be that I have previously intimated to you. There will IK; no excitemeut or fuss, and the legal difficulties supposed toobstructthe course arc as unreal as Mr D'Arcy Read's ghosts. Another question which deeply interests politicians i^ the despatch recently received by his Excellency the Governor. It is really laughable to see how opposite parties assume interpretations not justified by its verbiage. All have some ground for their word-twist ing, yet they fail acutely to catch the under lying meaning of it As the actual text will not be published before next Monday after noon. there may be some further equally ingenious speculations indulged in, but it is hardly fair to keep your curiosity so long suspended. Brieily, then, there has been a despatch, and it has reference to a pos sible Embassage or Commission. At the same time it expresses the hope that the intelligence of the colonists will be suliicicnt to find an open pathway fiom their own difficulties, aud points out that for the pur pose of maintaining the amicable balance of the relations between the Imperial and Colonial Governments, it is most desirable that all matters of intrinsically local politics should be so settled on the spot that no appeal to the Home Government would be necessary. At the same time, it points out that in au extreme case such an appeal is always open to the colonists, and that the gravest consideration will be given to any re presentations that may be made with a view of asking the Imperial Government to overcome a difficulty not readily cap able of local solution. What tests will be required to prove that the petition X^resented to it is coincided with by the majority of the colonists, it necessarily, from diplomatic reticence, docs not touch upon, but the feeling expressed is clear that any judiciously advanced complaint will be received with grave courtesy, discussed with attentive consideration, decided upon dis passionately out of a larger view than faction can rise to, and finally dealt with, not from a parly or biassed view, but from a far seeing desire to advance the tht* of the "iiifijorit'i of colonists, no matter whether those do or do not agree with the supposed views of r. large and popular party bound to the principles of Conservatism. In a few word?, the Imperial Government is in com plete sympathy aud accord with our popular motto, "Australia for the Australiaus." The cinlidencc in their own immunity of the Kelly gang is pretty well evidenced by their abandoning their swifter horses aud coolly driving into Euroa in a spring cart, while no better instance of the sympathetic toleration of people in the district could be indicated than the statement, evidently from the lips of Kelly, describing the death of Sergeant Kenuedy, which appears in the Artju* of this morning. So strong is this sym pathy that the law authorities have to-day found themselves compelled to take steps to change the venue of the trial of the man Lynch, who was committed by the Mans iield magistrates for trial at Beualla on the I9th inntant. for writing a threatening letter of a kind which renders him liable to im prisonment for 15 years. Let it be remem bered that the Scarborough llange3-a mere spur-are pierced with most inaccessible caves ; that the Warby Ranges are full of holes, which even the much terrified M'lu tyrc found he could with safety couccal himself in ; that the Kellvs have the advantage of clan spirit to help them, "be sides the sympathy of those who bow to no law but that of physical superiority ; and that, without these, they are iu a region "where they could be within .SO yards of a force of police and never be noticed by them, and you will appreciate the difficulties the hunters have to eucounter. A truer remark was never made than that *200 policemen cannot secure a gang of two men except by chance or treachery. At the same time the posting of the Garrison Force in the smaller townships would protect them to some ex tent, aud if *hc police invariably repressed announcements that they had "important information,7' which, always delusive, keeps the public mind excited, we should probably have more confidence in them, for we know the kind of trapper Inspector Nicholson is ever judicious and with an unfaltering heart. A statement was published the other day that having bottomed with the diamond drill at Kingston, work had been commenced "tearing down." Some misapprehension lias occurred with respect to this phrase, "which, I believe, simply signifies the re moval of gear connected with the machine. The present diamond drills are designed for prospecting purposes only. They bottom a hole and bring up the core to show the na ture of the stratification operated upon, but they are not intended for drilling with the after purpose of blasting the ground from the hole thus put in. Diamond-pointed drills of this kind are employed notably in Flood, Mackay and O'Brien's claim, Nevada, but oars are not of this description. Two decisions of some importance were given in the Land Tax Appeal Court to- day, one in the case of Mr Thomas Hath, of Learinonth, who appealed against the classi fication. of 3225 acres of second-class land; the other in that of the hon. Philip Russell, of Caragham, who appealed agaiust the im post levied on 22,225 acres of third-class property. In both cases the classifications were confirmed, with costs against the ap pellants, and in the latter one the Commis sioners animadverted severely upon the manner in which the appeal had been con ducted with reference to some of the evi dence tendered. The chosen Eleven of the Sydney Gram mar .School, which purposes doing battle .with the champious of the Melbourne Gram mar School at crickcfc, on Wednesday next, arrived to-day, to be iu readiness for the third Intercolonial Grammar School Match. The two former ones have been won by Sydney, one in each colony, and the plucky Sydncyitcs are such a taking-looking team that I should think the M.G.S. will have a tough task to score a win. Kendall will probabh' bowl to the Sydneyites in practice for a few days, to get them used to Victorian turf. SI. A. J. Faram was to-day brought before the City Police Court on a charge of obtain ing money by false pretences, in respect of certain valueless mortgages, and was re manded for a week on acceptcd bail of sureties and self in £25 each. His Honor the Chief Justice was able to resume his seat on the Bench to-day, and consequently the sittings of the Divorce Court were proceeded with. In Doggeti v. Doggett alimony was fixed at £52, aud in White v. White thequestion of allowance was postponed, to be mentioned again. Divorce causes were then proceeded with, Trounce v. Trounce being struck out on the ground of no appearance, Bach v. Bach postponed to next sittings, the husband (petitioner) not being prepared, and Osborne v. Osborne being proceeded "with. The respondeat was, according to the evidence, the lady who shared the fortunes of 2»Ir F. G. Smith, an accountant who went to New Zealand with out distinctly publishing his intention, aud thereby excited the curiosity of the police anent circumstances with which everyone is familiar. Curiously enough, it appeared that the marriage had never been con summated, the petitioner, a clerk, not having means to provide a home for his spouse, a machinist. Circumstantial evidence was given that adultery might have been committed with Smith on the voyage to New Zealand, S3 the respondent and co respondent shared the same cabin, and, at the request of the Court, counsel for the petitioner (Dr. Madden) addressed himself mainly to the question whether the peti tioner was entitled to a divorce, as he had not made a home for or lived with his wife, jtrguing that he adopted this course from motives of prudence. Judgment was re served. The day has been warm-about Slaeg. in the shade, aud business has been seusibly aJTectcd by this and the fact that we have not yet overcome the cricket excitement. 