MELBOURNE. (rKOSI OUlt OWN CORRBSEOXDENT.) Monday Evening. The discussion *>f the basis upou 'which the two Houses of Legislature are to meet in Conference has commenced in earnest. This afternoon about, twenty gentlemen, mem* bera- of the Legislative Council, attended a caucus, convened by Sir Charles Sladen, who desired to elicit an expression of opinion on tliB part of his supporters ns to the ac tion his three delegates should take in re spect to the proposed settlement. The appointees of the Council will be Sir Charles Sladen, Dr. Hearn, and the Hon. R. S. Anderson ; but beyond deciding npon these gentlemen no business was actually tran sacted at tlie caucus, which sat with closed doors for nearly, two hours. A great deal of discussion took place as to the advisability of holding a Conference at all, and I understand that several gentlemen strongly contended that even this courtesy of ascertaining their view's before peremp torily assumiug au antagonistic attitude should be denied to tl^eir adversaries. It is somewhat noticeable that several of the lead ing members of the Council abstained from attending the caucus, being equally unwilling to countenance violent measures, whilo still wanting in the resolution to exert a moderate influence upon the Councillors who were convened to endorse Sir Charles Sladen's policy. A deputation was introduced by Mr Lyell to the Hon. the Minister ot Lands to- day, with the objeci of drawing liis attention to the fact that the rating of twopence per acre proposed under the conditions of the DCW Bill for the extirpation of rabbits was an unfair tax upon the districts in which the mallec scrub existed, and to seek for further aid from the Government in their efforts to stamp out the pest. . Mr Longmore pointed out that either the land owners must exter minate the rabbits, or the bunnies would eat them up, and he was not favorable to give special advantages to the deputationists other than those provided for by the Bill, although I have no doubt, as I have before .pointed out, that the Government will not be averse.to paying a capitation tax for those destroyed. Meetings of the Executive and Cabinet Councils were held to-day, the proceedings not beiug^ permitted to transpire. 1 anticipated that the names of the Board appointed to investigate the character of the Training Institutes would have been oBtain able to-day, but so far the gentlemen nomi nated have not become public property, but will probably shortly be gazetted. Although the detective police are very doubtful as to the woman found near Drys dale being the missing Mrs FarrelJ, her description corresponds in so many par ticulars that it bas been thought advisable to send Mrs Farrell's sister thither to ascertain beyond doubt whether she really is the much sought for and supposed murdered woman. The fact that the woman said to bear so strong a likeness to Mrs FarreH bas only recently arrived in the district, within, it is said, the last fourteen days, and that in her habits and personal characteristics she beare a strong resemblance to the person wanted, has induccd a precautionary mea sure, of the success of which the police are at best but doubtful. Nothing new has been discovered with re spect to the missing building societies' secre tly. John L. Denny. i Yoiif the character of his operations it is cxpected that further defalcations will -be discovered, but tbere have not been any fresh discoveries reported up to the present. The missing man was an elder of the Presbyterian Church in Hawthorn, where he resided, and his chari table nature and temperate, dccorous life were highly appreciated by his neighbors. We all know by report the foxy ways of our oft-mentioned acquaintance, J. B. Slack. Slack has beaten the Sheriffs officers, and is still in hiding, unserved, and unembarrassed by legal process. Another application will be made on Thursday next to have substituted service permitted, sup-' ported by affidavits, to the effect that Slack is all the time laughing at the officers from behind the walls of his domicile. Failing this being allowed, I suppose a warrant will have to be issued for his apprehension. You will remember that I led you to infer that about the time the Platypus was ready for action the Harbor Trust would adopt a different tone thau that which they have lately exhibited. The proof is in the fact that to-day Messrs Malleson, England and Stewart intimated to the solicitors of Messrs Wright and Orr, much after the style of editors when they tike up the battle axe after a series of inflictions from letter writers, thatthis correspondence must now cease." Negotiations for peace have there fore finally terminated, and we may expect some lively times to come. Mr Puryes* collection of pictures, which originally cost about £4000, was disposed of to-day under the hammer, at Messrs Gem mell, Tuckett and Co.'a. and realised £1193. The best price obtained for any single picture was that given by Mr J. L. Purves for Sorbe's "Michael Angelo at the Death-bed of his Favorite Sfcrvaut," tor which he paid two hundred and sixty guineas, Mr Bridges, Ballarat connoisseur, nearly vieing with him in a Jiberal bid of two hundred and fifty guineas. Rubens and Guido fared but poorly, copies of "The Descent from the Cross " of the foriner and the " Aurora " of the latter ^only realising twenty-one aDd twenty guineas respectively, and Titian's Peter Martyr" was also .knocked down for the latter sum. . The "Lost Communion of St. Jerome," by Bo menichino, fetched sixty-uine, and Ra phael's "Transfiguration," forty-two gui neas, while Raphael's' " Madonna Delia Lig grola," and Albertinelli's "Visitation of St Elizabeth," which latter, to some eyes, would be a rather garish adornment of a drawiogroom, realised forty guineas each, respectively. In a Supplemenlary Gazette issued to-nighfc, Tuesday and Thursday next arc gazetted 35 Bank holidays at Moroopnaand Shepparton, respectively, nnd a reward of £100 is offered for the apprehension of Kenneth M'Donald, who escaped from the gaol at Hamilton re cently. I did not wish to refer to the antics of the Prahran, South Xarra, and Richmond Spring*heel Jack; but observing that his vagaries have attracted the notice of one of your contemporaries, it may be worth while to give some further explanation. For somo montha past the inhabitants of these districts have endured the persecution of a nocturnal visitant who disturbs them by tapping at doors and windows, counter^ feiting t the old-fashioned ghosts of our fathers, and making night hideous by dis turbances which awakeu the baying of the faithful watchdog. This man bas been fre quently pursued-sometimes by the police, at others by large mobs of people-but his ^ wonderful ^fleetness and surprising agility in clearing fences and other ob-n struetions always ensure his safety and justify the peculiar soubriquet by which he is known. In his sane moments he is, it is said, a medical man residing south of the Yarra, and while charitable people consider him harmlessly eccentric, others assert that .his mind has failed as the consequence of a more than usually severe attack of "D. T." Mr Councillor Gatehouse, formerly Mayor of Melbourne, was to-day fined £1 for ob structing the police in the execution of their duty. The police paid a visit to Edwin GougVs hotel in Prahran to suppress sus pected late trading in improper hours, aud were confronted by Mr Gatehouse, who used abusive language and asserted that he was Gough. ^ This is the st<Jry of the police, and the tine indicates that the Bench credited it. The following are the latest acratchings recorded in connection with the forthcoming "Victoria Amateur Turf Club Meeting Flat Bace-Device. All engagements--Lar-,' rikin, Red Lion. 