CITY COUNCIL. were on' MONDAY, 10th SEPTEMBER. Present, The Mayor (Alderman Green) and Alder- men Burgess, Maher, Harcourt, Watchorn, Daly, Espie, and Pike. i . MINUTEs. , j. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. LANSDOWNE CRESCENT AND FOREST ROAD. The Public Works Committee reported that the application of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals on the condition at Lansdowne Crescent and Forest Road had been referred to the City Surveyor who replied to the following effect : -The condition of Forest Road is now in as bad or worse condition than it was prior to the expenditure of £491 upon it in 1859. This was due to the foundation having been washed away by the water flow- ing down from the surrounding hills and the heavy traffic of the stone drays from the Stringy Bark quarries. It would therefore be useless to remake the road until a proper drain may be laid to catch the flood waters, and convey them to the Hobart Town Rivulet, a distance of 1,056 feet. The probable cost of this work would be £1,936 4s. To form Lansdowne Crescent, which was wholly in a state of nature, would probably cost £990. The Committee added that in view of the facts disclosed in this report and there not being any funds available to carry out works of such magnitude, they regretted they could not recommend any measures to remedy the condition of the road referred to, seeing such would involve on expenditure of upwards of £2,000. The report was adopted, on the motion of Alderman MAHER. The Public Works Committee, respecting the offers of Messrs. Andrews, Wiggins, and Hawkes, -to supply a certain amount of material, labour, horses and carts, to repair the roads at Lansdowne Crescent and Forest Roads, referred the Council to the previous report upon this matter, which rendered any further one unnecessary. The report was adopted, on the motion of Alderman MAHER. FREDERICK STREET. The some Committee reported, in reference to the' letters of Mr. J. R. Fryer, that the ppnditjpu of Frederick-street could not be permanently improved until the soft bottom was removed, and that the road could not be properly farmed for less than £230. The Committee recommended that the work should boToiisidcrcd at the eoiunienconiont pi next year, when the annual expenditure was under con- sideration!' , was The report was adopted.' SHED IN BATHURST STREET, The Public Works Committee requested time to aumuller tim petition for the removal of a shed on Corporation land in Bathurst-street, under lease to the Derwent and Tamar Assurance Company, , ¡ llRIIMIES OVER THE CHANNEL. The Public Works Committee reported that there was no objection to the application of Mr. Hunter to be allowed to place a bridge over the side channel in Elizabeth-street in compliance with the bye-laws, and, the satisfaction of the City Surveyor, and recommended repairs to the footpath of the street as far as the Town Hall. The report was adopted. The Public Works Committee assorted to the application of Mr. George Peacock for a bridge over the side channel, Old Wharf, being erected under bye. law, and recommended that the retaining ' wall asked for by Mr. N. Snow should not be built other than at his expense, as it only affected the applicant's property. The report was adopted. WATER METERS. The Public Works Committee requested the authority of the Council to call for tenders for water meters at a cost not exceeding £35. Granted. "THE GHOST." , I / Tim. Town Hall Committee recommended that Mr. D'Arcy Road, proprietor of the ''Ghost," be i permitted the use of the Town,Hall,gratis, for > three nights, as owing to the room being,j^vi<H)uUy engaged, he ,hadv,not been able to open his exhibition as soon as he intended. On the motion of Alderman ESPIE, seconded by Alderman WATCHORN, the report was adopted. ( PETITION. Alderman BrmoESa presented a petition from the officers and constables of the police force, asking that compensation should be provided for aged constables, 'or, those disabled in the execution of duty, The petition referred to the fact that nothing had been heard since the 25th February, 1868, of the Police Reward and Superannuation Fund, which in 1864) amounted to £1902 9s. 2d., which money was derived from a portion of the fines and fees of police prosecutions. The document went on to refer to the fact of such a fund as the petitioners asked for being provided for the benefit of the police at Launceston and that the sums hitherto awarded to constables who had served even 17 or 20 years was so inadequate that cases could be cited in which the recipients, becoming perfectly destitute, were obliged to have recourse to the charitable institutions of the country. In conclusion it was urged that if a Bill, similar in character to that passed by the Launceston Council in favour of their police, was introduced by the Council to Parliament this session,' an increased inducement would be given to the force for greater energy and diligence in the performance of their duties. ] Alderman BURGESS moved that the petition be received and'ièferred'tothp Police Committee, with the addition to that body of Alderman Watchorn, h who took a great deal of interest in the subject, and was in possession of information which would be useful to the committee. Alderman HARCOURT seconded the motion, which was carried. % 2 NOTICES OF MOTION. Alderman MAHER five notice that he would move at the next meeting ''That the proper application be made for the amendment of the 1st section of the Act of Parliament 30, No 15, intituled "An Act to make more effectual provision for paving the streets and other public places in the city of Hobart Town, by inserting the words " cemented " in the third line, in accordance with the resolution of the Council of the 18th April last. Alderman WATCHORN gave notice that he would move at the next meeting "That a petition be presented from this council to both Houses of Parliament, requesting that all monies derivable from public houses, in the shape of license fees and fines be handed over to the Hobart Town Corpor- ation," . i , CORRESPONDENCE. John Simon's wrote calling attention to the foot of the grazing reserve being made a receptacle for the deposit of the adjoining streets. Received) A letter was received from If. Mulhouse, complaining of a drain from Davey- street, laid into his premises, causing very serious damage. It was re- A S nested that something should be done to remedy the nuisance. The letter was referred to the Waterworks Committee. David Mjlone, by letter, pointed out the dangerous state of the fence surrounding his property at the corner of Moore and Goulburn-streets.' Received. From William Mason, applying for a month's sick leave, and enclosing a certificate from Dr. E. L. Crowther in support of the same. Granted. HEALTH OFFICER'S REPORT. The following report was received from the Health Officer, Dr. Hall : " I have the satisfaction of reporting for this month, as I had for that of July, deaths below the 20 years' average for August, by 1 l-20th., being 45 in number in the whole of the Hobarton Registration District The greatest number of deaths for any August of the 20 years' was 74 in 1858, and the smallest-was 33 in 1860, the average of the 20 being 46 l-20th. From birth to 3 years old there were 10 deaths, hut from 3 to 40 only 7 ( while from 40 to 50 there were 38, sixteen of the latter being from 70 to 67 years old. In the Miss- matic order of the Zymotic class of diseases tiles were 3 deaths, the first, a child between 2 and 3 years of age, from Diphtheritic Croup ; the second, a boy aged 6, registered V croup," but probably diphtheritic also ; the third, a babe, aged 3 months, from Diarrhoea, Two Tasmanians, aged respectively 21 and 33, died from Consumption. Diseases of the Brain and Nervous System caused the unusually large number of 13 deaths, 8 of them being from Apoplexy add'Paralysis, from 40 to 80 years old. Three deaths arose from Heart Disease, aged 18, 24, and 87 respectively. From diseases of the Respiratory Organs, there were 8 deaths. The frequently sudden and extensive variations of atmospheric pressure and temperature would have much influence in causing the proportionately high mortality in the three orders of the local class named, together with the 8 deaths from old age from 70 to 83 years old. On the other hand the copious rain-fall of 347 inches, being nearly double the AlS'lst average of the 3.3 years' records, did an amount of air and other cleansing which reduced miasmatic diseases to so small an amount. Wind movement was also above the average, and temperature mean was more than two degrees above the August average, though with some wide ranges, and especially between the extremes of day and night. August, 1877 had 72 deaths. 12 of them in the Zymotic class. Of the 45 deaths in the present month 28 occurred within the precints of the city, while August 1877, had 47. . Of the 28 three were deaths in gaol, and 8 in the hospital, 5 of the latter bring country cases. From the large quantity of rain which has fallen during the winter months, many imperfect drains have become choked or obstructed with mud and filth, which, as the warm weather comes on, will purify and pollute the air, unless speedily attended to." , , REVENUE., * The revenue received up to the 30th September was £11 Os, 9d, ,, ,- . RETUWR. The returns of the Superintendent of Police and Inspector of Stock were read and received. '" ! FINANCE. An accout from the Gas Company for tar, 32 5s., was passed for payment, THE TOWN HALL. A letter from Mr. C. H. Grant was read by consent, applying on behalf of Colonel Gray and Mr. Davison, for the use of the Mayor's court and ante-room, on Wednesday evening next. It was added that Mr. D'Arcy 'Road had kindly transferred the use of the Town Hall to the gentlemen referred to for the occasion. Some discussion ensued, in which it was pointed out that a lessee had no right to sub-let the hall. It was also objected by Alderman Espie that the use to which the hall would be put was not stated. Alderman MAHER moved that the letter be acceded to, seconded by Alderman BURGESS. Alderman ESPIE moved as an amendment that only the court and ante-room' be granted, seconded by Alderman PIKE. The amendment was carried. INFORMATION WANTED. Alderman HARCOURT asked permission to put a question to the Town Clerk as he desired to obtain some information. Alderman WATCHORN moved that permission be accorded. (a Alderman BURGESS submitted that it was rather informal to put a question other than by notice of motion. * He called the attention of the Mayor to the fact that there was not a full Council present. The Council then adjourned. 