) T I-I .E P H A N T 0 M AI I N E B. ; )' A xtory itf the old gold digging dngn.) " 'I'liLL you a ghost stoiy," said inv uncle Ned, .a hale old /'gentleman of 70 years. Well, t will relate a peculiar affair that happened on Tall rnans Gully, in ISiiO." y ...We were all attention, and listened to the Very remark - ( able narrative he related in the Collowing mariner : / " You must know," coniincnccd my uncle, " tbat I and \ four '.mates were living in a tent on the banks of the . river — living, i .saici, i siiouui nave eaiieu ii. j-ui ) we Avcre most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our evcrjalay's / work, you may be sure avc Avere tired eiiougli ; but Ave were ) cvciy night disturbed in our rest by the cliuk, clink, clink | \ of a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This j / coufoundcd noise always commenced at midnight, and did ) not cease until the break of day. One night we were , y determined to see \a'ho it was ; so we s.allied forth in the ! ( bright moouligbt, and saw a figure iu a coarse red flannel i J shirt, high boots, and sloiiclied bat, hard at work by an i C old claim which bad been deserted for many years. I Avas ( cho.scii spokesman, to expostulate with this uoisy digger; , J but Avheu I was within twenty j'avds of him, I stood still, i C transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's f clothes Avas no lining iiuin, hut n dmloton / " Uncle Ned I" we all cried, " how fearful." C " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, Avell- ? to-do looking man, of about fifty years of age, who S eiiiquired' for li digger of whom we knew nothing about. C He told us Uiat in Til lie aiid' a mate of bis deserted from ) one of Her Jlajcsty's ships, .ancl sbarted for the Tallmans ) gold; fields. They worked wLth .|)rctty good luck for a few C moriths;, when the ucav comer Aveiit doAvu to Melbourne to ) sec about some letters. BiOore he Avent, he said . to his ) mate, /Bob, whatever -you do, never stop working the , claim for a day. until I ..come back.' Bob ..promised, and ) they.parted; 'I went doAvii to Melbourne,' said the ex- ) digger,:/ .and there was ari'csted as a deserter, aiid sent on board ; and now that I have obtained my discharge, I ' have hastened up here to find my old chum.' ' You avHI ) see him" to-iiight,' I said ; ' but you'll find him very much ch.ariged.'/ At midnight, ' the eA'erlalsting clink of the ' phantoin's pick Avas heard; and Ave all turned out. 'Ah I ' I cried the ' sailor, ' there's dear , old- Bob. Bob, here I am back. Bob, speak to me.' ' He rim to the figure, which ' turifed its hideous face on him., VVith a/loud .shriek the seeker I fell/senseless on the'gfouud; The;, ghost threw down its pick) .arid vanished. In the lubrning Ave discovered the ' poor sailor a r.avirigHaiiatic."; : ) ; . - i.: " Oh, uncle Ned-, what a fearful story." , " Well, you asked' me, to.' tcU you a' storg, and I have \- dprieTso;";' /,";! f"': /v "V''- f'; <'\ ; "''Then; it is'nbt' true?" " ' " ' ' " Well, said oiir unole.-Iaugliing, " it is as true'.;.as many , of the absurd yarris that got" about during the raging: of thegold fever. Ah; -those- were strange days, Avhen men Avould undergo. any: imourit',df; privation for a few ounces, of. gold./ ;,Ho.\y different it: is now; for -should a man, he pushe:l,ior/a -large. or. small , aniount all has- to do is to have .an intei'view :with - DAVID HENRV,,.of,'52 Oqlliris street east. Who has from)u .tp£|P;bOp, to lem hand, bills of sale,- (wltLmr.- wLtbout : -security), isalary / brdevs, life policies, certifipat.es, (deeds, bill; of/ lading,; .legacies, goods, merchahrtise', oil expectbd rcrnittanccs, or on .moneys per sons may be entitled- to.-from England and elsewhere, etc., I repayable tOrSuit tbe'con- yenieiice of borroAvers. Bills discbuut'ed,. diviiy at the loAvest.rate of interest, and morlg.ages froni G 'lier cerit. 