GIVING HEB CENSUS. WnEN the census-taker rapped at the door of a certain cottage on Crawford- street the other day, and wondered if the woman would set the dog on him or douse him with dish-water a great disappointment awaited him, She opened the door softly, snuffed the air to see if he smelled of hgbtning-rods, and then threw it open for him to enter. ' Madam, I am making « canvas of the city,' he beean. ' An ! Sit down,' she replied ; and as he began opening his book she continued : ' There are five of us in the family, and we paid 100 dois, down on this place. My husband's name is Peter, his ase ii forty-two, and he came from a mean family. His father was always having lawsuits about dogs, and his mother was the greatest gossip in Elmira. Eave yon got that down ?' He grunted assent, and she continued : * My name is Alvina Sarah, and I was born in-' ' I do not care to know where yon was born, madam,' he interrupted. ' Well I care 1' ene exclaimed ; ' it makes' a great deal of difference whether I was born in Africa or Boston, and: I want it put down. Asl was saying, I waa born inBoston in 1833. Pot down that I came of good family.' 'Madam, you don't understand-yon--' ' Don't I understand that I came of good family ! rd like to know of a-Boston family which carried their noses higher than the Bogerses ! Put down that ray father wes in the Mexican war.' ' You have three children, madam,'" 'I haven't any.such thing, sir 1 Pot down that my mother was killed by an explosion in in a quarry. Her and father were-' 'Well,' she said, giving him a dangerous look, 'I had the typhoid fever at the age of fifteen, and for weeks .and weeks and weeks I hung on the edge of the grave. I bore np as well as I was able, and-* 'Five in the family-how many children5' he suddenly asked. ' Put down that I bore up 1' she commanded, 'And that one night when the watchem were asleep I crept out of the bed and took a drink of 'This ÍB foreign to the subject, madam. How old are your children?' 'Haven't you put down that one hung on the edge of the grave ?" 'No, madam. * Aren't you going- to ?" 1 No, madam, Yon see, I am simply taking ?the census of Detroit. I desire to ascer- tain-' ' You cant ascertain it here, sir I' she snapped. 'If my sioknes, which cost over 200 dois, isn't good enough to go into the book, then you dont get a line here I" ' Let me ask you-' .' No good asking for any of our photographs, sir ! If yon get 'em anywhere and put our pictures in that book well make it not for you 1 Good day, sir- good day I' He stood on the step, sighing, and she called through the door : 'My grandfather was, also bitten to death by an alligator, but I wont give yon any of thcparticulars ! You want to walk?' He passed on, .sorrowfully wondering, il the I next woman's mother was blown off a bridge, or camed down thc river on a haystack. -Fm PEACE AT LAST.-^Brown's wife went to the dentist's on Friday and took gas. The new set of teeth ie not ready, : nor is she nady i and so there has been peaoe in the Brawn family for several days. At -Brown joyfully remarked : " Her month is ¡dosed {or repairs." A HOPELESS CASE.-Doctor-I tell you what it is, Mrs. Jinks, I can do nothing for that husband of yours till he signs the pledge ! \ Mm. J.-Lor, sir 1 'E done that a fortnight ago, sir, an' 'e's bin wua ever since I How rr ts MANAGED.-French lady to family physician : " Doctor, I .want, my husband to take me to Nice for tba winter. 1 Now, what is the . matter with me !" TEASER. -Someone was talking, to John Leech of Frank Mathews, and .said, "You know Frank-not Charles-the one, .with the most t's!" "Most teas?" answered Leech ; " most brandies-and-water, you mean 1" SINGULAR FORQETFDXMESS.-The latest de- fence sea up by a. person, who, iq .tewing for money, was detected in reversing .tins (abe of the coin used to suit his own ends was that it was an act of unconscious celebration. He added that when he found himself doing ithis he always thought it was time to leave off. In this the bystanders agreed with him. A DISASTROUS GHOST INTEBTIGATIO-V.-A man saw a ghost while walking along a lonely highway at, midnight. . The ghost stood exactly in the, middle of the road, and the wayfarer, deciding to investigate, poked st it with his umbrella. The next instant he was knocked twenty feet into a «nudthole. Moral -Never poke an umbrella at a large, white mule when its back is turned. "LOVE WILL Finn OUT THE WAT (Old Song).-'Mistress (who does not allow " followers" ia the house) : «J Who is that you wen talking to in the kitchen, Maryl Oh, but I certainly did hear you talking to som» one, and I thought I heard indistinctly I admit, a man's- Mary (maknga olean breast of it): "Well yo« see, m'nm, nit tod my young nun, haye started, a tallyphone, m'um but ho never comes nearer than round the copier of.the next iten^.ta'aml' '-ftmciv 