The Advertiser FRIDAY, AUGUST 16, 1878. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. THURSDAY, AUGUST 15. In the Assembly Mr. Roes made a statement on the question ot the made of dealing with [?] [?] ! ■--,- ....... -• t - • ■•- ' at Yavowfe. wUdi abadUl baw Wea arihatittat focaafe. Sa O ■■liiiimi «f Otowa Eaaat (■■■■■■•4 to laaV ■■!■> ta* aaaMar TV^Mairoam's awtfoaCartbc FwimHiai ataaJ?tiiaii—ijHf wli tag— laiUaw, «•■>- Tb? Baaat Mi ■ail at ab—t ?J8 ?\\*i* 13ta-"rT J-iSnri? Tte debate in (be AaMmUjoa the Mnw terial taxatfca wwlrtiw waa RM«cd« Thanday, and tbe tiaae at tbe Howe warn unfoctamtoly taken ■? to a cossUenUs extent with tie ■nama* betvem the «x gad |iuajt Tw— him, whkt >— beco—e ■* wmmamt to tke memhen. Mr. B«m bas ■ppaawid as a* mpartMl obasrver ia tk? di^utfi,uid ded&m; tkat botkdup«U«u ate in tte wroafr< TK« ***¥ «w* artie" Cactocy to ta? gnat iaaacial rivals bat tbey?ratadaritti* pabHtakiag «a4aam to dacide jaatlf between them exhibited fcy aa law. —aiTiir. who aot «atf attoatnv^ firtaaai to tbeir kag aaaadaM on Oa Bad«<*,UtafUrw«rd«taa«tbaait«eowr. No oa« cw bB to pi* lb, Bmk fl?vitt f« the iaiaatiy, tmiumet, aai caaabalaa? ■w—ijtoo?Tyi?ttiifii^fc—rfcXadk. Theamatuaniaea' at At very taiia?itl of tlft? Adfaftte 0B laW tKBBIMB fICkMM VM wheAer the poyaaU inpat is mmgfy to «nM* the ■■■■—i ■§ to cany oat aa •Httmtkm of the inrkViwo of tuHiMU Mr. CHyie, «ecfovj that we an «ani «aito faeavaf «K"«gVr «o* Miiiiaifl< Aaaa we —ay ataauata1 warfaaa At&tia;?ataf A«t caaaet he caniel eat withn Aa me, entoadea; that aoaitknl m.,, «f^ ■eertW, aai aabauttei aa umlmk to tbeHloct tad do adaoaM for freak Uxatica wi? be Bdfrfaotory aaaa? the iaaiaaat at •t the mm tkw. Me GHpie atitajij ■ __■■■_!-i iai ■ tVaiJfwaaaa' l«Ja^aa^alaataaaaflaaaaaaCT* BBaaat tel is «4cr te aaaaato tto MpsttMaH?aat «f it bbMVB CaJaVftUafo. W( 1119 MpHaN^ ■gad flt in ill miaul to be ftaai a* the Estimates for the year should be re- garded by the Government as money to be cspaafet Uc At yatt. Mm* ■ ii lii «t Ae I llj. la. 4*lbbbKbbbT aWaaaaM afar* afaVaa -_&-*_«_> a^BBB^BBaBBBB^Bai for 187841 aaaaat he aayaaaal ia toAi a*i of Mat Jam WB fIMW Saaypttt Uwl 4aT fl^^ ■Maaft SP VMHHff oa9 SB tki. ajirftl Ch* T i aaay «ay ■a^B* jmmmj q^Baaaa^a* aaa^MV we fat *mj haV the eoal «a tha Eatiaato* s taiat uwiij Coatt-niawi awat w& tat V6 aaatfV faMR BaMaMy v SM WflUaff tM fBHalaV |Nl latM^ft <■■ ■NaJ ■• CMaaaVSaW?g fls> ££S0 mm ae «aaaja to plaa* to Oat Jane." ShoaM Ae Miawiij ■!■■>■ to f iQHOBCt *■■> OPbWBBbbI4bT laaV 49MHb€S^ fift CaaaV ntrinwai aij4e, «fl the aaijaKj ia vW teiaajr, aaf atoatffi^caaarfay Sagai iafaa alea aai ataajatciataM?t. Oatattaaakaly, fwtWaiiMlhfthitiwqraaiwfci —hi ia tmeng the OMOMt tofliiHi— of«lndiaie«C?«ana«Bjia?iailaa?a. S it it aotaa attoaf* other to eaAaaaai «m -"j ri , _^^^ _^_ a>^& b^^^^^b mviiuhbh *j?r wmm i j aivu wnBIMBH"1 Viitij to ornOmi the Fitinifn, aat then ssato it a cha^? uriii< II ii fljl eeaU Ik beac?odfy aad «i?«y aMbO?iif the iimnlim of Ae LefbJ?t??* aaf tiat coaaaja Ca vaaat awnao?l fiaaaaaaa) aaa aavke the acecaaoy ■aiaetiaaa. Oav bbW Btrasjat a ta?aaaaoaa oa^aai amtont •howiaf th? low «a «adt oae watt aa -Baian?^Bf^VKy ■aaat^V WaBBHVf Wa^^F a«j he aaan eoatiy thaa A* WaV> Baaatf* aNa^aaflM?t j«aaT 4^^a\ ataMaa?^aav .^aaa «my Btfle toamaha> %ialtoi ay aflpaaai Xagiaiz?te ea bk dnaitaaoaU pat ooaoaiy to Ab njiaaii af a CnaH Tla—. A DJattnctCo?atflfWartH, aata??,ataa —?- -- - a m fi^^^^ £m«k M.JA IHinHniH MBqB JPOWm BIbbIVMbI . - - t i- - —i - - -• BHaaYWaT ftaav fHupi^BVL A«bbbbbvbbW Waam Wa^V •_ ■Bjfcjtaaf* JbMbbbbbbblV bbblbb^bbb^ wiihoat in Ae kaat iatojftaiag with A? Jnnlnaiiirt rfAeiiniijii Hii niii^aat aWMCtatom«aftV??ma??MaaaHaVl«B?t^V«BlpaVM 41 Baft to tB3C bbVDObbHD W VBHpvV^Va W Vb4H|** «iB%lB«. tWfi ini ill wyirt?y Aat Aaf aaal Ai axtai aaaaay, iat Ma> yaac. at laaat to aaaat a aafea^ aat. wriiaV t. A«y *—1* —t f* *** anatai iwaaaa Aairaaar tasaa wtH fWat* IW^Aj?eariay «9 i Ullj taflaat «* be?eve is At ocawat; aai with •? put to At anaai aaaat, ft aa^ taa% be aai* Aat At O nanl ahaaM aaaar •kaal VaS ■• BWCaMHa^ |MHRb> (W taUC « a ? ■ m - •• _< CnM BB^naTaay W WH «■ flaaaVW VSbbbbV aC3OUOOD •aT aCvMUDOO flf ffeaV fIHHBaBaU flflh* VCbbbbMT HaaS flUa??wttT w«MF (9 VBaV bbbbMMlbVbbVbW 1 taaX M 4aaMaaatU|f |«tfl^ «HtaH?. low taW>4a^ aam a^ bbbbbbbbbblbW bbbbbV ■amftM MB Warn W bbbbV ValaV |L^ ■«?88188l aBBBl«««Blal BB* MBBfBB««lBBaf AbV «BBiaBBBBB^BBBBBV bnga AsbbbT|V?b)blb«j bbb4 BMaaaji ii m jaataai ftaV aa At aaaw aaacula |a ajhua aff?al to vaalaal fnawto. TetoSc aboat Ab ngaatia* at aunaj lalaatij la ebetc aMaHiaae • aM at ahaaat aft bbbbbbb k niaei fnat'iaiaaby. D «• aB«M set pay te Ifiaaaliaial tdaa fat* Ae tiuaMij. Baaw «f A* aaaaaan «a nnoaaymwebi fmnrof a bme aa htal aai aot «■ oAs Bnactty f Mt BaaaaaNjaal Raaadoacj Aat aanaa?t ao?tical •caBB" ■j^^jj finaa Aat aoenne, AanCam «• kat Bettor to Ae luml far miaaaa g Am k Mr. Pnaii nH? Hwr— Aeaab ject be doee not act af tott; awaawaVt move to abolia\ At Cailiaii allifjiftajk Ae whola half aaWaa ftasi A* fincholiaaca «C Atodaay. Tbafaatia ..? - ? ■-- akJa^B?iU??^ai?m bW bWbbbbV #Hbbbb%bbbV tae jptmc^ir ■■ ■?*■■?■■■■? ■? ■■*■■■ «??^bb^pb? KbT b^M bkUb^b! sMIIkIbbSI fiaBBBaVHafI^HPBBfiMMC nafflical«eaaM?riateaa aaaat «f A— aai « aajAlag atm Aat aAaary «4i* baa no effect «pon Aafar ayataaai «f taaatia** Aey am a* favor «f tonaa; fwaaaal a* vaV m aminl laiytrlj or aot. Taaw eaajhl lew jaatkaia tudb« a piaca «t laat warth £910 a yaat, aat alijibj^ rii«\niHnylg a year to go absoluiely free. A great amount of absentee capital is vested in other than landed property, and why should, the fortunate owners be afforded all the benefits of good government without contributing their share towards the ex penses of the State. It appears that some members' of the Assembly get into confu sion through these proposed taxes being all called income taxes. It would be more correct to ipeak of them altogether as an Income and property tax. There is a tax proposed of '3d. in the pound on earnings; €d. on the assessed annim! value of land, so as tofatch the vacant town acres as well as landsyieldingfairrent; and Gd. on dividends interest, or money receivedfrom any source of income-existing elsewhere than in South Australia. The first £200 of a person's income, whether from his earnings or from property, is to be free from the tax. The ■details of this scheme require to be worked out, but these are the broad principles, and by the-manner in which they are discussed the pnbKc-willDeable to judge how far our legislators are sincere in the professions they make of a desire to relieve persons of -email income from that portion of the bur dens imposed upon them which should be borne bv their wealthier fellow-citizens. THEJcbrdial expressions of greeting in the \--address-of welcome presented to Win Excel lency the Governor, Sir W. F. D. Jerrois, -on his arrival yesterday by the Mayor and ■Council of Adelaide will be re-echoed throughout the colony. It is true that ■during his tenure of office Sir William Jervois has been so frequently obliged to be absent upon affairs entrusted to him by the Imperial Government that there has not been very much opportunity for form ing an opinion of his administrative ability, -and this has been to a certain extent a source of regret to the colonists, not withstanding the able hands in which the Government of the province has been placed during the absence of His Excellency; at the same time South Aus tralians cannot but feel great satisfac tion in knowing that Her Majesty is repre ; sen ted in this colony by one on -whose -counsel and advice in affairs of grave moment to the empire she places reliance. . If, however, Sir William Jervois has not been many months among us since his ap pointment, he has during that brief period -and during; his absence in Europe mani fested a great anxiety to promote in every way the -welfare of the colony, and has afforded ample proof that he has at heart the best interests of the province over which he rules. Hence the general feeling -of disappointment evinced some time •ago when it was rumored that he would probably be called upon by the Queen to serve in a more important field of duty, -and of gladness that found such hearty utterance on Thursday at his return to our shores, with his stated intention of remain ing among ns. The pleasure felt in wel coming Sir William Jervois was, however, enhanced by the fact that he is accompanied by Lady Jervois and the other members of his family: and we feel sure that every ■ colonist wUI join in the hope expressed that their stay in South Australia may be a long and a happy one. Communication has been restored on the "Western Australian Telegraph line. On Thursday His Excellent: v Sir William Jervois loaded on our shares after a six months' absence, and was welcomed in a most ~^yiiP<MMfljmtlun wi«imw by the inhabitants of Port Addade and Adelaide. His Excellency .aodfsxirily were conveyed in the Governor Mus tan to Port Adelaide, and were taken to Ade laide by a special train. On reaching the city ter *mians an address of welcome from the Adelaide ■Corporation was read, and Sir William suitably replied. We may mention that His Excellency irfll hold a I«vee at 2 o'clock on Wednesday next, and that Jjidy Jervois win hold a Draw ing-Boom at S o'clock on the same day. Wigr Maiestv the Queen fc— f??^ the pra •Mfij^i.wi^i of renewing tbe portion of the firitish fleet new arising in *he Channel, and probably a finer squadron of its sice than that which fired ihe salute as the Queen passed along in the Soyalyaefet eoold not have been produced by «ny maritime Power. The weather was boiste rous, and the day was unfortunately marked ~by mi: mrideat ending in the loss of ■one life. The Boysl yacht also, in re -taraing to Cawes on the {allowing dav, while endeavoring to avoid a rriiwiim, with the -despatch boat lively, ran down a private yacht that was i*f*Ti but as no .iti—Mni is m^A* of any loss of life it is to be pw«mw«i that those oa board the sunken vessel were saved. The -end of the session of the Imperial Parliament is evidently approaching, as the members of the Ministry have been regaling themselves at •Greenwich according to the annual custom. Earl Beaconefield in return for the support given to his policy by Mr. Boefauck has made that veteran a Privy Councillor. Well may the liberals ex claim Tempora mxtaxtvr ft nos muttrmtrr in iUitf It wfll.be observed that the prize* awarded by the Juries at tie Paris Exhibition will be dis tributed to tbe successful competitors on Sep tember 18. The Australian Cricketers have latterly been very unfortunate in the weather, sevecal imtrhe* baring been either rendered very un pleasant or interrupted by rain. The latter has again been the case in their match with the Eighteen of Dudley, which has just concluded by the. game being declared drawn. It was, however, decidedly in favor of tbe *t?i«"«] payers. It will be seen from onr telegraphic -columns that the Bev. George GQfillan, of Dundee, the wdl-tnowm author of "A Gallery of literary Portraits,'' has passed away at the age of 65 years. He was bom at Comrie, in Perthshire, and although the son of a "mritfpr and himself a minister for many years of the Sehoolwynd Ohnrch in Dundee, Mr. GiJSnan will be remembered rattier as an author than a divine. His general popu larity *ffl probably greatly rest upon bis — literary Porteute," first contributed to the Jhmfrit* Herald, but his "Scotch Cove nantras?' "Fatherhoodof God," and "Modern Chriftiatr Heroes," will long keep his memory green among hts countrymen. In addition to the prose works named and several others, Mr. Gilfiuaa mote one or two volumes of verse, and -contributed numerous articles to the EdteUe -Sector.ttie British Qnarterl^Kai other periodi cals of :'leas reputation. In addition to his repute as an author Mr. Gflfillan was also widely known as a popular lecturer on literary =and social subjects. The Hon. J.Carr intends to more in the Assembly at a future date for the establishment of a Gonsolidated Fund. We understand that a very niuneron&lr; «gned requisition is to be presented to Mr. J. Hodgkiss, asking him to become a candidate for -tbe Upper Honse. The tender of. Messrs. Price & Edwards lias been accepted for constructing a reservoir at Clinton. Tbe tender of Mr. W. L. Virgo has been secepted for erecting a Coart-Honse atGeorge tows, tot the sum of £1f167. Tbe fonndtttion-fitone of the Frame Sridge, across the Biver Torrens, is to be laid fcy His Worship tite Mayor of Adelaide on ffuesdaynext. I Anao?gthe passengers by the Lumtania ««a Captain Lawrence, who was well known in some years back as the captain of the paper states that advices ™*^es*?<* *6e Areas speak in jubilant ?I««a^ytliojefromltefarNorttiernAreaB. ~i«X^^? *™ "■ 2coiitof seyeral SSflrSninSL!?* 11™* the*- Amongst SSSit^rtTCSTf*^ I.* 81161 whichtoiSd cargo « rot ame for the Gape, A party of shearers for the Mount Gipps aato^jngaged to the order of Sir S McCulloch, was di^Mtohed via Hallettper Terry's oaarhw on Thursday by Mr W R Hnnt, of ttf,l*bor Office. * 'W' K' The Salisbury annual Show and plough ing match was held on Thursday. There irate , about 600 persons present, and tbe Show was . only a moderately successful one. The number ■ of exhibitors in the majority of instances was ; very small. A dinner was held in the evening, ! at which Messrs. AY. Cavenagb, M.P., and J. | Darling, &LP;^ were present. Mr. Geo. T. Bean, an old South Austra" lian, although comparatively a young man, re" turned to the colony by the Lu?itania. Mr- Bean, who at one tune was one of the repre- ' sentataves of West Torrens in the Assembly, visited the House on Thursday afternoon, and was warmly welcomed back to the colony by a number of old friends. The Commissioner of Public Works, the | Hon.G. C. Hawker, will meet His Worship the j Mayor of Adelaide and the members of the City Council at the Morphett- etreet Railway Cross ing, Korth-terrace, at 10 o'clock, this morning, to inspect the site for the proposed new goods shed, and to confer generally on matters con nected there with. William Campbell, a deck hand belonging to the steamer Adelaide, was admitted into the Port Casualty Hospital on Thursday evening, August 15, sufferiug from injuries received on board that vessel while engaged alongside the ocean steamer Aconcagua at the anchorage. The injuries, from which it is expected tbe patient will soon recover, were attended to by the doctor of the Aconcagua. Shortly before 12 o'clock on Thursday morning. August 15. one of the police-tampers under Chief Inspector Searcy, drawn up in front of the Bailwby Station to await the arrival of His Excellency, was thrown off his horse, which became restive and suddenly rested. The hone galloped off and jostled up against the Chief Inspector, but fortunately it was secured before any damage was done. The trooper who was ! thrown received no injury beyond a whnlring. The case of the McGuinness's, charged j with fraudulent insolvency, was continued at the Adelaide Police Court on Thursday, August 15\. Some important evidence, which bore out in all particulars the statements made in Mr. Synion's opening address to the Bench, was taken, and the case was again adjourned until to-day week. Mr. Smith, who defended the two prisoners, applied for bail for Ella McGuinness, out was refused. The following is Thursday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Oar win Telegraph line.-—Bettana, light, clear, fine; Straagways Springs, calm, dear, fine; Peake, strong, clear, fine; Charlotte 'Waters, moderate, clear, fine, cool; Alice Springs, light, dear, finis; Barrow Creek, light, clear, fine, pleasant; Tennant Greek, light, clear, fine; Vowell Creek, light, clear, Sue, pleasant; Daly Waters, calm, clear, fine, pleasant; Kathe rine, calm, hazy, fine ; Pine Creek, moderate, clear, fine; Yam Creek, calm, cloudy, dull, warm; Southport, light, cloudy, fine, pleasant; Port Darwin, light, few clouds, fine, warm. A boy named Robert Jenkins, aged 13 years, met with an accident at Port Adelaide shortly after midday ou Thursday, August 15. He was assisting in shunting trucks, when as he was walking in front of aome tracks that ware in motion his foot slipped, and he fell across the line. He had, however, the presence of mind to roll himself off the line as speedily as possible, but before he could quite effect that object the wheels [ran over his left foot, injuring it so badly that all his toes on that foot, with the ex ception of the great toe, had to be amputated later in the day by Dr. Toll. The Committee of the Adelaide City Mission met on Thursday afternoon, August 15, in the vestry of the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church. There were present—The Revs. J. Henderson (in the chair), J. Lyall, W. B. Fletcher. M.A.. O. Copland. T. Lloyd, M. J. Birks. Meesre. A. Adamson, J. Steele,D. Robin, J. J. Green, T. D. Pearson, J. M. Dowie. J. S. Knox, J. Hooker, and G. Stace. A Sub-Com mittee was appointed to take the necessary steps to obtain funds to employ an additional missionary, in accordance with the resolution of the annual meeting. In case of another agent bting appointed, it was resolved that part of his labors should be devoted to North Adelaide. The Entertainment Committee was reappointed, and extracts read from the journal of the female missionary. Sir George Grey has, says the Duaedin Eti*iitgStar,~agiiii fallen foul of the Governor of New Zealand, this time being aggrieved at the prospective loss of twj days 1 faff pension. In answer to queries from home the Governor stated that Sir George Grey's salary of £1,750 as Premier commenced on the 12th of but October. The Premier replied, somewhat warmly, that he bad already sent the information required to the Home authorities; that his pay commenced from the 14th October, not from the 12th; and therefore, through the action of tbe Governor and no fault ot bis own, he has been unfairly deprived of two days' pension. The Governor replied, "I will rectify em next mail." Sir George Grey was subsequently advised that bis pension would be reduced to £125 per annum, A'well-attended meeting of the citizens of Adelaide was held in the Town Ball on Thursday evening, Aug. 15,t0 consider the Hold fast Bay Railway Company's BUI now before the Legislative Council. A resolution was sub mitted to the effect that the meeting was of opinion that the concessions *?mV<m* for by the Holdfast Bay Bailway Company's Bui were ex cessive, and should not be granted. This reso lution was lost, and an amendment was carried in favor of the Company being granted suffi cient land to cany a double line of rails across the Park lands at at fair ?nnnal rental, per mission to build sheds, &c;, on the Park Lands being withheld. The meeting, with the excep tion of numerous interruptions by Councillor Raphael, was a very orderly one. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Wednes day and the same hour on Thursday is regis tered as follows:— Adelaide ... 0-020 Blinman ... ODSO Laura o*so PortPirie .. 010.0 Gladstone „ 0-055 Georgetown ... 0-150 Redhill 0-030 Kooringa ... 0130 Clare 0100 Birerton... .„ 0-140 Wallaroo ... OOflO Kadina ... 0040 Port wakefield 0-030 Kaptmda ... 0-150 Tanubda ... 0095 Gawler _. 0060 Mount Pleasant 0-400 Gumeracba ... 0-210 Mount Torrens 0-010 Koarlnnga ... 0*025 Mount Barker 0350 Strathalbyn ... 01-80 TOUunga ... 0"0S0 KbrmanvUle ... 0030 Port Lincoln ... 0460 Cene?orda ... CrBos Kmgscote ... 0255 Port Elliot ... 0-230 GooTwa ... 0170 Meningie ... 0-070 Kingston ... 0*230 Kobe (MOO Kanacoorte ... 0-140 Penola ... O"360 Mfllicent ... o*oo Mount Gambier 0-240 The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J J?.) held an enquiry >t the Destitute Asylum on Thursday morning, August 15. on the body of a female infant child which had been found dead in the box of a servant of Mr. John Darling, Jan. Mr. Horace Dean was chosen Foreman of the Jury. The Coroner informed the Jury that he had received a report from Dr. Garflnpr stating that be bad visited the motber of the child. Lucy MeKeil, and he thought from her feverish -symptoms that she would be unable to appear at an enquiry fora few days. The Coroner did not think that it would be right for tbe Jury to consider any evidence which might convict tbe girl of a crime in her absence. He would therefore only take -sufficient evidence to enable him to give an order for the burial of the body, and would then adjourn the proceedings. James rTammiU, poUee-couet&ble;, stated that on August IS, in consequence of Eomethwg -chat had been told him he went with Detective Doyle to the house pf Mr. Darling, juil, in Hutt-street. He found the body of a female infant chQd locked up in a box in a bedroom occupied by Lucy nfcKeu*. The body was wrapped op in a pieoa of alias and a piece of an old bag, which was tied up with string. life was extinct and the body cold. Went to the box from a statement made to him by McNeil in tile presence of Detective Doyle. Bemoved the body to the dead house and ttereCTamin-fd it, but could find no marks of violence. Noticed the under lip a little flattened down as though -pressure had been applied to it Owing to information he bad received be considered the case suspicious. At this stage tbe inquest was adjourned till next Tuesday morning. The United Methodist Free Chinch, which untfl nitbin the last few years has been t unrepresented in this colony, may now be said to be thoroughly established. Several preaching stations have been opened in Adelaide and the wirronndftig district, and the Society is gra dually bnt surely mtniAmg its operations. Mr. listtefield haying generously given a piece of land at Burnside, efforts were made to erect a place of worship, the outcomeof which has been a nicely finished and commodious little chapel, the size being 30 leek by 25 feet. Mr. S. Tayior, of Norwood, was tbe?uHder, and tbe cost has been about £490. The chapel is pleasantly situated on the rising ground * little above Mr. Hooper's atone, and commands a fine view of tie city and i&e; «ulf. 1> was formally opened Car pubtfc m*m?? -Bandar, August. l^whenjermpps wensfMal feyjCa Bars. J.W.Bamber, of For* Ad*uuda,aadfi P. Madge, circuit minister, so bun cannaja. toons. Theeei^iiaesw^wntinued^oa Wodneir day by tea and public meetings, which wen crowded. The room was very tastefully decorated with wreaths of flowers and ereigreeas. Mr. Hooper, of Bunwide, generously provided the whole of the refreshments. It is "wjii" tossy that his kindness was thoroughly appreciated. At the Utter meeting Mr. J. 8. Sanders^ who presided, made some complimentary remarks aa to tfaeneatness and compactness of the building. He felt that there was plenty of room tor another place of worship in the district, and hoped a great and glorious work would be done. Bach Christian had a task to perform. He urged them to show mutual love, and to cast aside those bigoted feelings at present so rife amongst the various denominations. The Rev. B. P. Mudge spoke of die noble buildings the connexion had in £ngland, of their missions to China and Jamaica, and their progress in the sister colonies. He thanked Mr. Littlefiald. on behalf of the Trustees, for his valuable gift of land, as well as for having allowed ths use of his house as a preaching-place. Addresses were aleo given by Messrs. S. Taylor, C. Loader, W. B. Edwards, and others. During the evening several selections were very nicely rendered by the choir under tbe direction of Messrs. Howe and Bolton, Miss Smith presiding at the har monium. At a meeting1 of the Chamber of Manu factures on Thursday evening, August 15, Mr. Biggs read a paper on " Mines and Mining** to a good attendance. Tbe chair was occupied by ilr. B. Cooke, M.P. Toe Chairman, in intro ducing the lecturer, expressed bu regret chat the mineral interests in this colony were at present ao dull. Mr. Higgs was well-known as an authority on the subject, and be had perhaps studied minerals, especially copper, as much as any man in the oolony. The mineral interests in the neighboring colonies ware he thought in a satisfactory state. Lately he had received samples from places in New Zealand, near Cook's Straits, containing about 40 per cent, of copper. Mr. Higgs in conaneneing his paper remarked that he did not intend to give a technical account of ""*""g, but many had never been down in a mine, and to those bis paper would perhaps be acceptable. Commencing with the earliest records in the Bible, be showed that mining was practised thousands of years back. The Chinese had ! always baked their porcelain with coal, and he bad himself seen porcelain 3,000 yean old made in that manner. An elaborate description of coal measures, tbeir situation, and the method of sinking for then was then given. Coal was, he said,generally found in strata above the old red sandstone and below the new red sandstone, though its occurrence was not confined to that strata, as it was found sometimes in the tertiary i deposits. Coal is never found in veins, but in ! layers or seams from a few indies to several yards in thickness. 3%e method of working coal mines me gone into, and a very in teresting description given of the way in which the different processes arc carried out in various countries, from the carrying of the coal up in baskets containing about SO lbs., as in the Bast, to tbe getting it out, am in Bsgland,«t the rate of 1,200 tons per day. Gold mining nasnext touched upon. That valuable metal was generally found pure, though occasionally it was discovered miTyii wtth other metals, rwiw^ig the early of the diggings miners entirely neglected the quartz, supposing that gold was only to be found in nuggets. An account of tbe method of extracting the metal was given, tbe lecturer stating that the same method was used in the olden times as at present. A clear and [ cencise account of tin and its whereabout* I was also given, together with tbe nature of the • deposit in which it is found. He stated that ' there was a vein of tin near Oleu Osmond, but j with our present appliances it could not be i made to pay. The Chairman, in thanking Mr. j Higgs for his interesting lecture, said that while j it was given bis mind had wandered to BalUrat, i where there was a School of Mines, and he | could not but regret that they had not an institution of a similar kind here. Se thought the Chamber ought to press upon the Government* the necessity of providing i technical education. Mr. J. F. Conigrave i said be believed the institution the Chairman referred to was oslya branch of the Technical School in Melbourne. He believed that they were to have a Technological Museum in Ade : laide before long. He had communicated with ■ eonie~ owners of mines and with the Institute in Melbourne relative to models of shafts and sar | face workings, but no result had yet been ob ' tained. A cordial vete of thanks to Mr. Higgs j was moved by Mr. J. Anthony and seconded by ! Mr. J. B. Austin, and after a similar one to the \- Chairman and some slight discussion relative to the paper the meeting clomkL Mr. Higgs : will give another paper on the same subject shortly. There was another large audience at White's Booms to witness Haioford's Ghost and Petite Comedy Company on Thursday evening, August 15. The illusions evidently delighted the audience, and tbe performers met with a large measure of applause. The Rev. C. Clark will give his lecture on - Westminster Abbey'- at toe Port Adelaide Town Hall this evening. We are informed that i this is tbe only opportunity the people of tbe Fort will have of listening to the talented lec ,' turer within thrir own town,anddoubtie?S there ] will he a large attendance. On Thursday evening, August 15, we had an opportunity of bearing the last rehearsal of tbe Philharmonic Society for the Mayor** concert, to be given, to-morrow evening. Tbe prrt C r?mnv« will rareist «f a mJMvdlaiU'nM awl« tion of songs, duets, opera choruses, and in etmmental pieces, under the effieientoaodactor ' ship of Mr. A. Landergan. At the rehearsal tbqr were carried through in a most creditable manner. One particular feature we noticed was ' an instrumental trio on tbe violin, violoncello, : and piano. This was especially fine, and.will be a novelty to the musical public of Adelaide. i There was a very large and fashionable ' attendance at the Theatre Royal on Thursday ' evening to witness tbe repetition of tbe *" Mer chant of Venice." Mr. Oreswiek's grand pour ; trayal of the character of Shyloek drew fort* < immense applause. He was again called before the curtain at tbe close of the judgment scene, and all parts of the house by tbe most over \- whelming tokens of approval evinced their ap ; prcciatio? and admiration of tbe manner in which he impersonated the wily Jew. The ' leading actor was well supported by tbe com pany, and Miss Helen Ashtan and Mr. Reynold* deservedly received a share of applause. The | -Merchant of Venice," as played on Thursday | night, must have been a perfect treat to play | goers, and we feeUum many would like to see : it repeated before Mr. Cteswick leaves Adelaide, i To-night Shakespeares play, "Henry VIII,' : wQlta produced, mwtu<& Mr. Creswick will take > toe part of Cardinal Wotoey. An entertainment of a. wnci^al and literary character took place at the Town Hal, I Brighton, on Thursday evening, August 15. j There was* fair attendance. Mr. J. Hodgldss. j JJ. (Mayor of Brighton), occupied the chair. ' An overture by a. lady amateur was rendered in I a manner that called forth the plaudit* of the audience; and a song," The British Lion," also , attracted considerable attention. The.oextpor ' tion of tbe entertainment was a leotore on "Reminiscences of the Barly Days of the ■ Colony," by Me V. Haiwa, HP. in opening ! his lecture Mr. Haines said he wished to bring ' before their notice aome of tbe incidents which I took place in the early days of tbe colony, and to : teach the younger portion of the audieucenot to I forget tbe efforts of those who had placed them i in the positions they then oocupied, and thtt j their fathers bad to pass through great hard ' ships to make Eoutfa Ausbslia what it was at : the present day. (Hear, hear.) He then pawed ' on to note the early pioneers, and various items ' of mterest connected with them touching on his 1 own arrival in tbe colony and his impressions lon Jlrat landing. He mentioned as a fact that 1 would interest the sporting community Out , when he arrived there were 52 stanch hounds in the colony under the care of Mr. Commis aioner Hamilton and Mr. Hardy. Hf. The lecture, which was interspersed with anecdotes of an exceedingly lively description, was brought to adose by tbe lecturer urging on Ms audience to review the past history of the colony, and add their quota towards *"«>rBng its future bright, nappy, and prosperous. In the second portion of the entertainment a lady amateur played • solo on the pianoforte in excel lent style. A comic roMfHnn entitled -Paddy O'Bafferty's Sea Voyage." by a local gentleman, so pleased the audience that they demanded an encore. Two gentlemen also ren dered songs, which were heartily applauded. Mr. T. King, Iff., in moving a vote of thanks to tbe lectnrer, regretted that the m***™*?. had not been larger, and bore Mr. Haines out in eome of his remarks respecting die state of the dtystieeteintheoldtinWTaesJsoepokeas to ths value which money had in those days, anyone who possessed j?Sbeingregardedbyafew admirers as being the possessor of a handsome fortune. (Laughter.) The motion was carried with acdamahon. The entertainment was given on behalf of the decoration fund of the Institute. 