; CASTLE DALY. A STORY OF AN IRISH HOME THIRTY YEARS AGO. (By the Author of' Oldbury,' Sfe.) \- CHAPTER XXVIII. {Continued.) ' It is a desperate liope, though, when the liking is a matter of life and death ; and there are people with no crust. Does any one about lierc. know, I wonder, what sort of person this Young Ireland poet — this O'Donnell — is ? Not that it is any concern of mine. The important question to me is, are iny criticisms unjust P' ' I won't have you consider. You have always given me a right over yonr composi tions since the first you brought to me, and I have given my imprimatur to this. Let spoil it.' ' No, no, leave it where it is.' ' But you won't meddle with it to- night in the mood you are in ?' '? No, I will take a night to look over it; but leave it on my writing-table. I will not touch it till to-morrow morning, and then not, unless I find there is good reason.' ' Of course 3^011'H spoil it ; but I see you must be left to take 3rour way ;' — then, as he turned to get her candle, she came up behind him, and put both her hands on his shoulders. ' John, there's just a word more to be said : however impervious, our crust may be to other people, between us two it can never be a disguise. No possible armour of cynicism jrou could put on would ever hide the real you from me. I know well . enough that my liking is not a matter of life and death ; but whatever 3rou want from it, it is always there, and will not, I think, fail you.' ' Thank you : I have been wishing to thank you for a long time, only I did not, know how to get out the words, for being so kind to her, and for making this week what I believe I shall be glad of all my life, even if, as is most likely, I never have another like it.' ' You will have enough of such to tire out my good behaviour, and force me against my will to own that ' oaks and towers,' and ' giant races,' and enthusiasms, are not as much to my taste as more commonplace materials, which, to my mind, wash and wear better. Do you remember my telling you that it was as well for me to keep a certain possibility concerning you in my mind, that I might be able to bear it when it came, and your saying you could not see what there would be to bear?' ' And I don't now. I should, have thought that such companionship as we have bad lately would have been the greatest delight to you — would have made you perfectly happy,' ' Yes', and you would think the same if I talked to you till morning. You are only a man after all, and must not affect to see through my crust as clearly as I see through yours. Good-night ; I shall go and finish my packing.' It was very late before Bride Thornley came near the end of her business. The perfect ordering of the household, which gave such content to Mrs. Daly, was not effected without much labour on the part of its head ; and at this juncture there was also to be taken into account ar rangements for the distribution of food among the villagers, which could not be given over into less systematic hands than her own without much forethought. A little before 12 o'clock, Bride issued from her room with a bundle of memorandums and papers which she designed to arrange in the pigeon-hole compartments of a desk in the housekeeper's room, where Lesbia would find them when needed. She was not alto gether sorry to have an excuse for coming out, like a sultan in disguise, at iinseaaonable hours, that she might satisfy herself of the obedience of her subjects on certain points concerning which she had long been doubt ful ; and when on reaching the head of the staircase she heard a stealthy tread of feet, and saw through the balusters a glimmer of lights moving in regions far below, it was not fear, but a sense of triumph that came into her mind. Wow at last she should convict the offenders of the often-denied offence of sitting up in the lower regions to unau thorized late kours. She hurried down three flights of stairs, but only to find total darkness and silence in the oflices she in vaded. On her return as she was pushing open n, hevy swing-door that led into the front hall, she again caught sight of a sus picious gleam, which now seemed to come through, the chinks of the drawing-room door, In her surprise, .she let the swing door fall to in her face, and dropped the papers she was canying ; and when she hud gathered them up again, and come through Into the hall at last, she was much startled to find herself face with Ellen Daly, fully dressed, and standing close to the door, with an extinguished candle in her hand. ' Is anything the matter P Is your mother ill?' Bride asked anxiously, as soon as she recovered her start. ' Oh, no, thank you ! I wanted some thing, and came down to fetch it, and just now my candle went out. Will you light me back to my room ? I am afraid of mak ing a noise and awakening mamma.' ? '? It [seems to me there has been a great deal of noise in the house this hour past — have you observed anything ?' ' I dare say there has. I have not been thinking about it till now.' ' I shall go and call John.' ' I advise you not : this house is famous for noises, and no good has ever come of hunting them that I ever heard. There arc several Dalys tliat walk, you know, to say nothing of banshees, and the only thing to be done is to grow accustomed to them, and let them have their way.' 'You really believe that?' cried Bride, unable to suppress a slight movement of contempt, as she noticed a peculiar intent look in Ellen' ej-es, and a quiver in her voice, showing that tears were not far off. ' No wonder the servants think they can roam about as they please at night under cover of ghost stories.' ' I confess to having felt uncomfortable when my light went out,' said Ellen, meekly, ' and that I shall be glad to keep near you till we get back to our bedrooms.' ' I am going in here first, to put some papers into the press, and then I shall listen again at the head of the kitchen stairs. Come with me if you like.' The sound of; living voices, or Bride's scepticism, had clearly driven the ghosts away, for all was perfectly still and dark when she and Ellen returned from the house keeper's room, and stood in the hall looking upwards and downwards. Bride wished to search the lower rooms, but Ellen professed great anxiety to return to her mother, and she did not like to detain her. She was half-disposed to set forth on a new voyage of discovery when they parted company at Mrs. Daly's door ; but on looking into her own room she found Lesbia awake, mid anxious to know the cause of her absence ; and, rather than excite nervous fears in her. she decided to put aside her own curiosity and betake herself to bed. It was not with an easy mind, however, that she did so. Several times after she had laid her head on the pillow, she started up again, fancying a sound, and when after many efforts she was at length sinking bliss fully down into an abyss of sleep, she was brought back wide awake and distressingly alert again, by the recollection flashing into her mind that the candle in Ellen Daly's hand was covered by an extinguisher, and certainly could not have been blown out by accident as her words implied. What could she have come down so late to seek P And what could have induced her to leave her self designedly in the dark ? Bride felt she should have no peace of mind till she had fathomed- these mysteries, and the night looked an uncomfortably long space for miserable suspicions to work out their tor ments in. Nothing but sleep coidd shorten it, and for a long time that relief seemed quite unattainable. It there should be such a serious blemish as want of truth and straightforwardness iu her brother's idol, then, indeed the sight of his infatuation would be hard to bear. And she could not till morning dawned decide whether the misery of seeing him continue in delusion, or the misery of having to act herself: as the shatterer of his dreams, would be the most acute. After wishing Miss Thornley good-night, Ellen stood holding the door of her room ajar, and watched through the crevice till Bride and her light finally disappeared ; then she emerged again, and ran quickly down stairs, not pausing until she reached the drawing-room door. It was not so dark as it had been half-an-hour before, for the moon had now risen high enough to shine through the high windows and cross the wide dark staircase with bars of cold white light. Neither was it quite dark within the draw ing-room, when, after listening for a second or two, she turned the handle and entered, for dusty streams of moonlight came through holes in the shutters, and made green patches of light here and there on the floor, showing clearly two occupants, one of whom was stooping over a writing-desk, as if intently occupied thereat ; the other standing upright in the middle of the room, with his arms folded, and the moonlight falling on his face. At the slight sound Ellen in coming forward the stooping figure sprung up, and Connor hurried to meet her. ' Well, you plucky conspirator — you girl of gold!' he cried; 'have you got us the key?' ' Yes ; but oh, Connor, this last freak of yours has almost killed me with fright. Who do you think it was that made the noise with the green-baize door, that frightened you into extinguishing my caudle?' '' The Daly that killed his twin brother in a duel, or the one that walks about with his head under his arm — which?' ' It was Bride Thornley ; and if I had not gone boldly to meet the noise, she would have marched straight in here, and found us together.' ' Well, she would not hare been the only member of her family I should have had the honour of showing to our cousin to- night.' ' She did me good service, as it was, for she took me to the housekeeper's room her self, and I lifted the key of the observatory door from its hook in the press over her very head while she was arranging her papers ; but oh, the terror I was in till I saw her safe upstairs again.' ' You used not to be so timid ; it would have been nothing but fun to you awhile ago to outwit the dragons that have driven us into exile. Anyway, Eileen aroon, jrou would not grudge D'Arcy his one visit to the Castle, if you had seen,, as I have done to-night, how he loves every stone of it without ever having set his eyes on one of them before. There's no one has a better right to be here than he.' Ellen turned to Connor's companion, who had now moved to the door, and was standing near them. ' If we could have welcomed }rou properljr, you know I should have been glad to see you here, cousin,' she said. 'But you don't know how bitterly ashamed 1 am of intruding on you in such a, fashion as this,' he answered. ' When I found our retreat was cut off, I wanted to call the master of the house, and confess the scrape we had got ourselves into; but you appeared at the door of your room while we were discussing the point, and before I knew, Connor gave the signal that brought you up to our rescue.' ' Connor was right ; it would not have done to rouse the house : mamma might have been disturbed and made terribly anxious by Connor's unexpected appear ance.' ' I ought not to have let him persuade me to this freak, the wind-up of our enterprise here. I can only plead in excuse the long ing that grew up through my childhood, when my mother used to talk to me in America of Castle Daly as it' it were the very heart of Ireland, so that 1 could hardly feei myself pledged to the country as a sou till I had been here and asserted my birth right.' Connor and El leu had spoken hurriedly, in low whispers ; but D'Arcy, during this speech, allowed his voice to rise to its ordiuaiy key, and showed no more haste or embarrassment than if he had been convers ing under ordinary circumstances in full daylight. Ellen looked up into his face, distinctly outlined, but pale and weirdlook ing in the moonlight, and a thrill almost of awe passed through her. The likeness to her father Mas so strong that she could not help remembering stories that had frightened her in her childhood, of departed Dalys who came back in the dead of night to throng the old rooms, and she felt tongue-tied, as if to speak would break a spell and banish the presence so often longed for. Connor put his hand on his cousin's shoulder with a whispered ' Hush !' ' He is not the right stuff for a conspirator to be made of,' he said, turning to Ellen. ' He would get up on to the wall his friends were hid behind, and make a fine speech to the constables who were looking for them. The trouble I have to keep him quiet !' ' When you have brought me into false positions, you mean. Never will I trust myself in your guidance again. The bargain was that I was to be taken through a suite of uninhabited rooms to see a certain picture, and get back without encountering a soul, and here we are caught in a trap like burglars.' ' 1 knew, at the worst, there was a faithful mouse in the Castle with wits enough to set the lion free .'f he did get into trouble,' said Connor ; ' and I would not have wanted help if the place had not been destroyed altogether with repairs and improvements.' ' But I warned you, and told you not to come.' ' If we had had any doubt of there being one to welcome us, we should have lost it listening to some words we overheard while we were waiting to slip in. Did not I like what you said to John Thornley about how I would thank him for his contemptible praise of me, if I had the chance of doing what I liked with his precious essay !' ' Why, where were 3rou ?' ' On the ledge of the lowest turret window, among the ivy, where we used to sit in old times and overhear conversations in the drawing-room, when the window chanced to be open. I had to hold D'Arcy fast, I can tell you, or he would have flung himself down and come striding through the draw mg-room window to clap you on the back for standing up for us.' ' He is mistaken, Miss Daly ; I would not have moved, or lost a syllable for the world. If it has been much to me to come here and see the place where my mother's thoughts were till [she died, it is even more to know that there is a A^oice in the old home that speaks up for me. It was a moment never to be forgotten.' ' And you saw her picture ?' ' Yes,' said Connor, answering for his friend. ' When all was still in the house, I let him in by the turret door, and .took him up the creaking old turret stairs to the lum ber-rooms, and then across the passage to our old schoolroom. He stayed mourning over the picture a thought too long, for when we got back to the passage we found the door ~ ? '; into the lumber-rooms locked and the key gone.' ' Miss Thornley must have come up to lock it before going to bed.' 'No; better fun than that, it was little Lesbia herself . We stood in the dark at the end of the passage, and saw her tripping down stairs with the key in her hand. It was too provoking ! I could sec the top of her pretty head for two minutes and a half, by peeping over the balusters ; it was my turn then to want to fling myself over and fall at her feet. Would she have taken me for a ghost and screamed, I wonder I' ''? ' Her head is much fuller of robbers than of ghosts, and that is why she makes a point of having the door to the lumber-rooms 2 locked at night. I think you must have made more noise than you are aware of, for mamma was restless. I sat with her an ; hour, and was only just going to my own room when you saw me.' ' By good luck, or we should have had to spend the night in the old schoolroom, and missed the car that is to meet us at Bally owen. We are both due in Dublin by mid day to- morrow. You may take comfort by knowing that this is the very last you'll sec of me for some time to come.'1 ' After this experience I shall never know when or where you may turn up. I shall never think you safe. Cousin D'Arcy, must you lead him into all this?' ' Ellen ! what do you mean ? Have I not been enough insulted to-night by Mr. Thornle3r's praise, without j'ou're insinuating that I am a led dog, to be turned this way and that at D'Arcy 's will ?' Heedless of Connor's interruption, Ellen continued to look up into the deepty-shadowed face, that in the uncertain light looked so familiar and 3ret so strange. ' Mr. Thornlcj71 says,' site went on, ' that it is what will alter and spoil his whole life, and he is so thoughtless and young, and his father is dead. It is a terrible ?weight 011 my con science to be hiding all this, not knowing quite whether if is a noble, or oul3r a desperate thing you are doing.' She could see how the countenance she ? looked at darkened and changed ; there was a moment's pause, as if he were struggling for voice to speak. ' Yes,' he said hoarsely at last,. ' you are right — the concealment, the dark ways, the poor mean beginnings are terrible ; but it is the path that has to be crept or wriggled through at the outset of every uprising. I can't tell 3rou that we shall ever get further than that. I can't sajr that we shall not be trodden down into the earth we are creejwng through like worms, before we ever come up up so far as the daylight of the struggle. It may he simply spoiling of our lives and nothing more ; and you have appealed to ine to spare your brother. What can I say ? — but that from the beginning to the end, whatever it is, there shall always be one life, one future, one reputation, that shall go first— before his. and be thrust always be tween him and blame or danger ; that I can promise 3rou.' ' That was not what I wanted ; but thank you,' said Ellen, mournfully. ' Come, now,' interrupted Connor, ' you two have talked sentiment long enough for to-night. If we a re to catch the car we must start at once, and if we don't intend to do that, we had better have stayed the night in the old schoolroom upstairs, where 1 could have written love- letters by the yard for Lesbia to find in the morning. They would have put her out of conceit with Pelham's singing, I fancy. It's too bad his having that pull over me, and I obliged to sit mum up in the ivy like an old owl, and hear it all going on.' ' Yes, indeed, I think 3tou had better go now,' Ellen answered. ' Miss Thoruly must be asleep by this time, and the conservatory door leading out on the terrace can be opened and shut with very little noise. This way ; 'I will turn the key after 3rou, and put up the bars, so that there shall be no trace in the morning of anyone's having gone through ; but I hope you will never put my sisterly devotion to such a proof again, Connor.' ' It shall be for some more important purpose, if ever he does, I promise you,' said D'Arcy, as they passed through the con servatory. ' And I,' said Connor, putting his hands on Ellen's shoulders, and stooping down to give her a parting kiss at the door, 'promise you that when you come to think it over, you will have to confess that even this game has been well worth its little candle ; and that 3rour brother Connor is the boy with the quick wit to steal^ a march on the enemy, and give him a telling thrust when the occa sion offers. If John Thornley contains, don't scruple to tell him, as a message from me, that Cassandra was right, and that the little minnows don't care to bo told they are bigger poople than the whales, but resent such fibs as insults to their understanding.' Ellen [stood still, watching the two receding figures, their shadows stretching across the moonlit lawn till they had passed the garden gate and disappeared down the road ; and then she could not resist the temptation of stepping herself across the threshold into the garden to breathe the fresh night air, iragrant flower-scents, and looking up at the windows of the silent house, shaded for sleep. . -,.. ''* ' as : still as if it wore death. If she had dared, she would have liked to stay outside and wait for the summer sunrise, now not far all:. The stealthy retreat into the house, and then the solitary hours of selfquestion ing, when the excitement had passed and she had betaken herself to the position of the silent sleepers overhead, looked ex tremely distasteful, but it had to be gone through. She left the key on the hall table, reflecting that she must trust to the servants' ' general imputation for carelessness, and to the prc-occupatiou of a morning before a journey, to escape airy rigorous- investigation as to the reason of its being there, and. then she crept, up to her own room, ijhe had far loss hope than Bride of being able to shorten the hours by sleep, for her uncomfortable reflections included some relf-reproach and much self-questioning. She had always made herself the slave of Connor's schemes from earliest childhood, when the discrepancy be tween their father, and their mother's views on education created a large uncertain mar gin between permissable and unpermi:isable pleasures, concerning which a certain amount of contrivance seemed only necessary io ? ' avoid disgreeable collisions between the rul ing powers. (To be continued.) 