VfOTORIAN NOTES. Tlio Supremo Court aat on Tuesday, tho Ar.im says, for tho lirat timo ainro tho dentil of Mr .Instico Fullnwa Ueforo pro coodinjr u-ith tho busineaB of the fourt th Chiol Justice referred to tho sulijoct, rc inarNiiit- thnt the death of Ur Fellows, he «aa Biiro, mis reL'rettud by tho whole pro fession Ho allnd d I tl 1 tiou of i]iinliflcati.)na that Str Fcll.iwa poascsBoil as n. barnstor ainl aa n judge, which were fully appreciated bytliu bench and the bar. Mr Billing, on behalf of tho bar, oppressed the sympathy which the profession felt in tlio remarks Hindu by tlio Chief Justice. Someeiuht or nino years ago a man named Adolpho Sander was sentoncod, I lie Ai/e diiys, lo tell 3'uurs' iinpnuiiiiiiieiit »ilh hard labor fur anson, the uUeuco for which he was convicted being that of wilfully setting firo Ki tho premises in which ho carried on business an Sander and Shott. On account uf good conduct remissions ho did not complete tho full Uirill of IiJr suiltoilCQ. lint wim rnToiutfxi about two years ajo. Soon after his dis charge frm Pontridijo ho visited tho noighboring colouios, and recently ho croatod somo little ninnsoment in Mel bourne by perambulating tbo streets in a costume composed entirely of news papers, and selling a bouk iu which ho Bet out that the Htrango freak wob tho outcoino of an absurd wager. When he relinquished that enterprise he was lost sight ol, but it recently came lo tho knowledge of (he dcteetires that he was Koine, about the suburbs with ahorse and cart, hnwking goods of such a nature that the officers' suspicions wero aroused. Alter watching him for some time they ascertained without doubt lliat a quan tity of stolen properly was passing through his handa,and en Thrusday they visited the house, in Lonsdali- street, where ho was liriop. Their vigilance was rewarded, as on the premises they found tho pro ceeds of several robberies recently com mitted. Portions i,f iho goods stolen from Messri Broughton and Co., to hare-mists; from Messrs flavin and Co., jewellers, during the month of March last, and the watoli which was taken from Mr Orchard, of Filsroy, who was carolled on the night of iho lOltl instant, were nraongat the plunder that was scizod. Upon tho charge of having committed these respective offences he was arrested, and was to bo brought before the City Bench on Friday morning. A remand wat to be applied for, as tho house con tained a largo quantity of piece goods, jewellery and other properly of consider able -value, evidently stolen, for which c-uorts will be made to obtain owners At thn Central Criminal Court, ou Wednesday, llie Argut says, Carl Sager, the master of the barque Cardiganshire, was placfd on his trial for a«saultin[r a seaman named Arl Iph Witt, d^ing him grievoos bodily harm. Thero was also a count in the presentment lor common as sault. On the voyage of the barque from the Mauritius lo thi« purt, Win, for dis obeying an order, was put in irons, and was kept fasieuod to a stancheon tor thre^ weeks. This n. done by the mato and ouBiswnin, uoaer me dlrecllotH ot tne captain, hut not in his presence. Witt did not object lo be listened by the leg, which was at first done, but ho resist.il sn atlemn! to chnin him by the waist. Mr Juslioi Jlolesworth upr.K.od an opinion that umlor this coml'laiut the deleudaut nulled upon Wilt in the utli-uipt lo cli.uii bin], but was not responsible in this pro em ling fur nesting to look -tier Will's comfort, ami he left it to the jury to say wht'tbor miDL'Ctiigary vio* lenee had been usej in chaining \\- iu, auu wuetner doteiidant was aware of it, and bad saucliimod it. Tho jury retired at half-past i o'clock, and hail not agreed at a iniartcr to 7 o'clock, when his Honor intimated tliat ho would remain in town till 10 o'clock to tiko the verdict if the jury a«,rood, but if thoy did not airreo tlii-n they innst remain for the night Hie jury did not airroo till a quarter past KWcloclt.whoiiit was ascertained tW his Honor had loft shortly tufnro for his residence at Hawthorn. Tl.o jury was in cciliseqnenco locked up for the night. N cxt day they found tho defendant guilty of only ft common assault. Ho was sentenced to twenty-four hours' imprison ment, to pay a One of i'HO, and to keep in prison until it was paid. All information (snys tho Age) was laid at tho Brighton I'olico Court on Fridav 12th hist, by William Jolly, son., that ifory Kntrn, or Keating, did abandon a fomalo child under the ago of two years thereby endangering the child's life It appeared Hint .lolly's second son hal been living with his father, but was at present working for aomobody elao. Tho girl. apparently supposing that young Jolly «as still living with hia father, loft the child at Jlr Jolly's door with a letter pinned on its breast, addressed — ' Mr William Goloy,— This ?jhild will oat sop bread and milk for i have been a feodin it \--n il. Iiujdo whs writton ( — '' Mv dear WUliam O,,ley .... Aperl a. S,, you see that the child is yours and you sou mac you wood Iteop it and you Bed that you woird stand your ground and pay for it ao do and i hopo ynu will not hirt it, for i love it and you as Well, and i think you will now that it U yours, bo koae it Is hko you and I havo got pcoplo that nowa you came for me at thir placo, and it is rostin and its name is Mary Jane Katen and it is 6 wiki hold on the tenth 10 Apcrl and it was born on the sut uartrh at between fir- and air o'clock, yours siner Mary Katon and i have got plenty of Iruble. aud good by lake kirofinybaboy for Tarn bound for the rary to night as soon as i can God bless my deir babey.' By the ' rary' soe is supposed to have meant the Tat™. 1 ho bench tuned a warrant for her arro,t. ine following tneodotes of the Wo«l Melbourne election appear in the Mel b inrae oorn ipondenee of the Warrnam bml Guardian :—' At one of the West Melbourno ooramittee.rootnB the other night a BUrat rosy-gilled gentleman pre sented himself, with a yicw to gire in his adhesion to the candidate. The secretarr had no sooner heard hia name than he at once cried out, 'Why, you're dead, sir u-.au as a uwi iihii, according 10 tile postman.' ' Dead, am I r' eriod the elector, ' I'll show you all about that,' and ho fbored the secretary. Tlio dead mantben walked oO to the rival candi date's committee-room. Tho secretary ssys he line no hankerinj after substantial ghosts. An incident which occurred at Mr Francis' meeting iu Flinders slivetw., highly amusing. While Mr Fi aicis was speaking a drunken sailor came mio llio room, aud marching right up until be faced the candidate, be at once began lo interrupt, good humoredly, how ever. Mr Francis put up with the nni ssuoefora while, but at last, wearied out lie said i—' Now, my good fellow, will you accept ono of Iwo alternatives. Will you be ej. clod by force, or will you take — * and go out yourself V ' I Hnn'l Irnnn anything about the alternative1— hie— Slid the sailor, - but I'll take the two (hil lings, and ho did, and staggered out ?midst shout) of laughter. Another good story. A constable who halls from the ' Rim or llie say'— constables mostly do— came uero-s an old wharf hay-bag' the other nijii. She was on her knees in tlit gutter. ? Mov» oo there, now,' cried the constable, ' or I'll lock you up. What are yon doing there V Tho old woman, though far gone in liquor, was too cun ning for tho bobby, Deteoting his na tiaislity by his tongue, she replied, Shure, I-m pray.njr for Sir Bryan's re turn. The constable pasted on ; be eould not arrest a person so pious in tho cood cause.' h 