Mission at St. Joseph's Church St. Joseph's Church was crowded at the II o'clock Alass yesterday, when a mission wasoponodby the Itov.Theophilus Le Aleiiant DesChcstmis. Subject of sermon: "TlieMys.' tor' of Divino Love." The missionary ex plained what the office of a missionary was. Our Saviour, bo observed, when ho commis sioned tho first missionaries to go and Drench said, Go ye aud teach all nations whatsoever I have commanded you, baptising tliom in tho nnmo of the Fathor, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, nnd lo, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world. It was wlmt God di rected. It must not bo tho opiuion of this or that man that a missionary has to toacli. Tho missionor traced tho love of God for man, from tho time of our first parents up to the present, illustrating his arguments from historical naiTativcs re corded in the Old and New, Tcstamcuts. Among tho incidents referred to was that of Babylon, a graphic descrip tion of tho ciroumstancos attending the sins of . its inhabitants, tho I sou- tonco passed on them, and its reversal when they repented of their crimes. He turned from the Jiistorical narratives in the Old, to those in tho New Testament,' and described the love Our Saviour had for mankind. His Divino i lovo was bo great and manifest, that the Jews taunted Him with bomg tho ' companion of publicans and sinners. That ho hud pardoned tho woman taken in adultery; Mary Magdalene, a public shiner ; St. Foter, who had donied him ; Sfc. Paul, who perse cuted him ; the thief on the cross. They repented aud wore forgiven. Ho then re counted instances whore worldlings and great sinners became, not only excellent Christians,' ing, tho fouuding of orders, or their 'mis sionary labours. Instancing, furfchor, the lovo that God had for man, no matter howjvilo' and worthless ho may. have been, Itlio ireacher said that, if ho repented, tli'o love of God. for him ' was' inorb' manifest than for ninety-nine who noeded not repentance. Tho parables of tho lost sheep and j tho lrodigal wore oxplaincd in furthor illustm- iion of the thcino of . the - sermon; -"Tlio Divino lovo of God.".. Its application to mnii,' tho greatest work of God, was contrasted with tho love an artist would have for a splendid work of art, the creation of i his handiwork, and of years of toil and labour, - that would hot bo ruthlessly destroyed without cause. ' Father Thcopliiliis; when describing the lovo of God for man, and narrating tho mariy historical exemplifications shown of it, evi dently dwelt upon a subject ho, too, loved— tho change in tho cadence of voice, tlio atti tude and Tooling whon pointing out how tlio most abject of God's creatures have hut to repent to have tho Divino lovo showered' upon them showed himself an orator of no mean power. The,, illustrations in support of "r his ''arguments were- appropnatoly chosen, and:were delineated .'with mutor hand nnd a master mind. In the ovcuing, before tlio bell commenced to ring dt St. Joseph's Church, all tho avnil- able seats wore "occupied. Tho church was rently crowded. . Subject of sermon — " Tlio 'ribunal of Mercy," Tho/ Roy; Theox>hilus LoVMonaht 'Des Chcsnais discoursed upon .this subject for about. 50 .minutes, during 1 wJiich lip 'was' listen(H\ta with wrapt atten tion, The Missionary saidf in ordor to obtain mercy, it was incumbent that thorc bo con- .fession,. contrition,: satisfaction, nnd rccon- .eiliation. He proceeded, tliun, in an argu mentative maimer, to explain tho necessity of eonfessiou, Wore forgiveness oould, or would, ensue, .lie instanced how our Gra cious Majesty the Queen alone had the power of pardoning a criminal ; that in her nlouo was vested tho power of doing so ; yet alio delegated that power to Governors of colonies and others to do so ; but, nevertheless, the pardon was effected in her namo. So it was in spiritual, matters. God alono had tho power of forgiving sins, yet this power was dolegatcd to man under certain conditions. Before, however, be entered into tho matter, he would comtnoncc, ho said, with our first parents. Ho des cribed the manner of their confessions, and that of Cain, Adam and Eve, ho stated, were forgiven by God, yet Owl. inflicted a tem poral punishment, death. Gain, not having been repentant, was not forgiven. Then he .mentioned how the Jews confessed their sins to the priests, as narrated in tlio Book of Numbors, , JIc thou related jhow our Saviour forgave the man who, hoing a cripple, arid, on the Jews questioning his jxiwcr, Jesus said, "What, is it easier to say thy sins arc forgiven theo, or to say, tako up thy bed and walk," Our Jesus, ho mentioned, empowered his disciples to forgive sins when he commissioned them in those words,— "Whoso .' sins, you forgive, they are. forgiven 'them; and whoso sins you retain, they . ire retained." It was practised by the Apostles and by their converts, amplo cvidenco of which are to lie found in the wirings of St. Denis, St. Clement, aiul otlhrs, in tho first Ages of the Church. St. Augustine, not only confessed his sins to a prnst, but he wrote a book of thorn, now extant In the Church of Eng land prayer book, in tho visitation of the sick, it was commanded to ho done. Tho Ritualists in England, the most lenrned ami tiie most devout . hum, practised it. It was, ho said, practised by Luther, Henry tlio Eighth, and Jn/ucs. Popes, bishops, and priests, were cyially Irouml to confess, as were tho pcoplij fo himself confessed at least once a week. Ho thon illustrated his arguments by mmy anecdotes— How a parent would bo indued to forgive an erring child, by hearing it uaifcss tlio oficuco, regret its committanco, mjko amends, nnd promiso not to do so agaii. The rev. gentleman's peroration wnsjovidently thrilling. Dur ing tlie discoirac - tho missiuncr stated that of tho thomands and millions of priestB who have hoanj confessions instanco had occurred where the seal of confession - was cvor in any instince divulged. He looked upon this fact is one showing its Divine origin. j Tho Mission wll bo continued during tho week. On Fri4ay a Requiem Moss for Bishop Wilson, I deceased clergymen, and persona in tho dUccse, will be cmobratcd. 