COLONIAL SKETCHES AND BEMINISCENCES. -~ Br Ctantn S. Lotaxt. ; {Written ?ayrewly/or the Bunyip.^ SAWPIT GULLY. They called it * bawpit Gnlly 1 ' Noth ing very remarkable m that you'll sbv, since names of this kind are common enough in tbe bush ; besides it is BUgges tive of eawyere, individuals whose^ lives are passed far back among mountains in cedar-scrubs; men who neTeryisit towns, and know nothing of the doings in the great world, unless at times when news papers (perhaps a year old) Teach, them. The place was so-called by a couple of sawyers, who just five years before my story commences, entered it for the first time. Till then no white man had visited that loDely glen, much Icbb thought of making abode there j it was therefore left to kangaroo, emus, and blackfellows, whose right had extended here from centuries gone by. They fixed on a nice ris*, got bark stripped by aboriginals, and erected their gnnyab ; then having dug a large hole as a pit to work in, they commenced business, the said business consisting of slab-getting, and eawing flooring boards for the township, which lay on the Mary Hiver some six mileB away, and which is now known as one of the most prosperous centres of population in Queensland. A brief period passed, and tidings came of a tragedy enacted at Sawpit Gnlly. .Rumours vague and indistinct got abroad of something which had happened in that wild glen. The word looks ugly enough on paper, the reality is an imleBcribable fact. Murder, aye murder had been done. Sawpit Gully had been turned into a shambleB, and on the visit of the black police and armed men from the settlement, a sickening sight pre sented itself. Both sawyers lay near their work tomahawked, and pierced with spears. The remains bad not a vestige of clothing, and portions of the limbs had been taken away. The event created quite a sensation at tbe time, but as other cases of a like kind took place shortly after {nearer home, the people of the district got used to such things, and ceased to lament the untimely end of old Miles and his son, for such was the relationship of the murdered men. The dark deed perpetrated so soon after its occupation by sawyers ought to have gained the spot some other appellation, and 'Murderer's Gully' would have perhaps sounded more appropriate. Be that as it may, the original name stuck to it, so that five years after, when some more sawyers went there to split slabs for some new huts, it was still known as Sawpit Gully. Being among this party, in what capacity I need not state, I was eye-witness to what is here related. They erected their gtroyah near the old sawpit, and even worked in sight of the ruined habitation of the former occu ? pants. There were the old poles lying on the ground worm-eaten and rotting away ; there the bark, once substantial, whole sheets now crumbling; at the touch ; there the green-hide thongs once need to unite the whole now hardened by the many variations of weather to which they had been subjected. A queer-looking place truly, especially after nightfall, when those horrible stories, half-true, half false, were sure to intrude, and yon would see, or fancy you saw, old Miles and his son issue forth from the under growth in the scrub, looking as lifelike a* it was possible for men to look. They were not idle ghosts either, for they would handle your axe, saw, or other tools with dexterity, and set to work felling trees in all directions. But' the best of it was, that whilst you saw the timber fall and beard it crash, no trace ««uld be found next day of these vagaries, so I presume that the wind and a vivid imagination must have produced them. My mutes, as I before stated, were three in number, hard workers, but also hard drinkers: men who only slaved from day light till dark, from one year to another, to * knock down ' their earnings at some bush shanty. Sawpit Gully was by rea son of its distance from the township a proper place for them, since they were there far removed from the evils of in temperance, and the ' horrors ' which periodically followed their debauch. There is something terrible in the monotony of an existence out of the hum of the great world, in a spot remote from the humanising converse of fellow men, or the society of the gentler sex. One gets as barbarous as an aboriginal, and as bearded as the ancient -Fathers whose beards descended to their waists. And the time too hangs heavily on tbe hands of those who have told and retold all their tales and yarns till their hearers are wearied of the lies with which they are interspersed, and which are introduced to relieve their commonplacencBB. Cards, — usually tbe game of cribbage, with a bar of soap for a board — is played till the hour of repose, when Jack or Tom repent frr tbe fiftieth time tluir old stoiies till all drop asleep. Sometimes a visit to the town was necessary to procure stores, and tbis journey was taken in turns by myself and one or other of my companions. One evening, ss we sat around cur camp fire, the noiBe of crackling branches was heard I?ear tha fumn an A thnrrlv afi-ar fn ffin great astonishment of our party, a swag man appeared. Welcomes were instantly -ltended, and the 'billy' was slung at once in order that the stranger might be sure his reception was ol the moBt hospitable character. Sawing: is hot work, and liquid, whether of water or tea, oft called into requisition ; our ' billy,' as it was designated, was no ordinary can, it held a gallon, and was boiled at least three times a day. * Don't be afraid,* ejaculated one of my companions as he placed a respectable looking damper and beel before the travel* V:v, ? go in at the * gruly plenty more where that come from, and then when you've had a ' feed ' you can tell us all about yourself. Stop a week here if yo u like, voting feller.* 'The 'young feller/ as he was styled was a man about 40 years of age, and a perfect tramp in his appearance. He was one of those individuals found in all parts, of tbe colonies, knocking abont stations, and commonly called 'sundowners/ from their arriving just at that time at the mens' huts and requesting lodgng for the night. Men of this class never work, and are as a rale thieves and outcasts— pity that they could not alter their course of conduct and become respectable members of society. Having partaken of a.hearthy meal, tbe tongue of the swagman appeared loosened, and he related his antecedents and adventures in a graphic manner, winding up with tbe gratifying informa tion to my three mates that ' he had a bottlejof grog in his swag.* ^ From tbe time of this announcement till the fatal bottle was emptied, there was no peace for that traveller. Quite a carouse en sued, and in less than an hour the whole of the party was more or less inebriated. Instead, therefore, of acting with good sense and retiring to rest, they vowed that the ' spree' should be continued, and the three of them having brought up their horses, which were hobbled in a gnlly near tbe camp, set off at once for the township, intending to return as early as possible with more grog. The swag man was aesireu w tttaj wim we, ouu against my remonstrances and expostu lations they quitted the spot. After their departure I endeavored to enter into conversation with the stranger, but his utterances were so thick and un certain that I became disgusted, and re solved to send him to Coventry for a while to learn better manners- He did not evidently like this, and talked on, addressing himself at intervals to the gum trees. Growing tired I left him seated by the fire, and retired to rest, from the interior of the gunyah as I lay on the ground rolled in my blanket?, I could perceive all movements of the stranger, and these were such as momentarily to fill me with a!arn». Gestu Iating, wildly, waving his hands m the air, and uttering incoherent nothings, be at length rose to hie feet, stood near the fire for a few minute?, and then burst into a loud laugh. There was something in his actions and manner which bore the stamp of insanity, his ravings grew louder, and it was clear to me that a fit of '? hor rors ' was coming on. The unfortunate wretch had no doubt been drinking at some bush grog-shop, and after having been half poisoned and plundered, had been despatched on tbe road with a bottle of adulterated rubbish as a testimony to the goodness of the shanty-keeper ; and of this he, with my companions, had par taken. 1 became alarmed, ana earnestly wrenea for my comrades return. The bush wa* still, not a Bound being heard but tbe maniacal ravings of tbe swagman, re peated by the echoes. Suddenly be caught sight of me, and evidently taking me for some visionary being conjured up by imagination, rushed forward. Defence less aa I was, and taken at a disadvantage ere I cou'd escape, his powerful hand laid hold of my shoulder. ..-'You must die 1' said he, catching my. neckcloth and givitrg it a twist; It w«s as if garotters had me in a. vice, my knees trembled, and I clutchedtjcohvulsively at the side of the gunyah to. prevent myself from falling. I thought : of home and friends, of all I had loved and known, whether here or elsewhere, and the whole were focuesed into one giant thought, and with it came the belief that I should meet them no more. 'What ! was this- to be my end — to die thus in tbe hands of a in ad man ? My struggles to shake him off availed little, and the grasp on my neck grew tighter than ever. All would soon be over. If I could only cry out perhaps my companions might aid me, but my tongue refused office — I wm gasping for breath. And now we were race to race, i ana the madman, no witu his eyes flashing fire and frenzy, I with a look of supplication and fear. Suddenly his grasp relaxed, I breathed ag-ain, my voice found vent, and I bawled lustily ' Help ! murder !! help ! ! !' A moment more dispelled what had been a most terrible vision, as opening my eyes I found that I was the guest of a party of shearers on the Murrumbidjjee, bawling lusli y and affording infinite amusement to them. Need I add I had not been subjected to the unpleasant treatment just recounted. On the preceding night a number of yarns, many of them of tbe most thrilling character, had been told, and one more sensational than the rest relating to Sawpit Gully, in which murders by the blacks, and the treachery of whites were recorded, had evidently formed tbe groundwork of my dream. A hearty supper, too, of damper and salt junk had doubtless helped the illusion, and the uncomfoi table position in which I was lying had still further aided it. Since then 1 have refrained from eating too hearty at ni«ht of damper and salt junk, and I never read or listen to yarns of the horrible sensational type just before going to bed. Liquid Fibe. — A very curirus and in teresting experiment has just been made at Fort St. Nicholas, at Marseilles, with a new inflammable liquid, invented by a Paris chemist. The bottle containing the liquid was broken by a musket-shot, and it burned everything which had been placed near it. A secona experiment was made the following day in presence of the general commanding the artillery. Nothing could be more satisfactory than the result. Large heaps of* timber were consumed, and the earth was calcined to the depth of a foot. This liquid, which resembles the Greek fire, is sufficiently powerful when enclosed in a cannon bail to set fire to aa enemy's fleet. 