NEW> S OF TEE DA Y. Shortly before one' o'clock this morning the following notice woe received from the Melbourne Telegraph office : — " Our lines to Adelaide and Sydney aro both interrupted to-night. Interruptions supposed to be Caused by storms, liast news from Adelaide reported Eort Darwin lino interrupted." The joint committee appointed to consider the question of constitutional reform is' understood to have almost concluded its labors. A further sitting will be held to-morrow and will probably be tbo last. It may bo anticipated, therefore, that some thing may be heard in Parliament on Tues day of the results Of the Odminitteo's deliber ations. Thb business in Parliament during tbe present week will include the debates on the education votes' and other items' to be debit with in comtnittoo of 'supply.' The charitable vote, which the Government hoped to have dealt with last- week, will probably be discussed immediately aftor tho education debate has been brought to a termination. The discussion on the latter subject will be resinned by tho'Minister of Public Instruc. tion, who intends to reply to the opponents of the redaction in teaohera' salaries. It is not unlikely that a . compromise "will be arrived at, the Government increasing the amount of the estimates by one-half the sum required by Mr. Sergeant's amendment. The ltailway Pill will be circulated during tbo week, and Mr. Woods will probably move the second reading of the measure, at the some time giving' some explanations of its details. The consideration of the bill may afterwards be allowed to stand over, as the subject of railway extension is not to bo dealt with until" next' sossion. Tho pro posals of the Government having been placed before the country, however, ample time will'be allowed for their consideration, and when the subject' comes to be finally settled publio opinion will have become thoroughly matured. Tho Minister of Lands, having hadi under consideration the report of tho Lands Com mission in respect to the charges brought by Mr. J. J. Walsh against Mr. Allan, the iu- Bpector of surveys, has decided that the cir cumstances are of so'grave a -character that that 'officer's' connection with tho depart ment most terminate. In consideration of Mr. Allah's long service, and of the ability with whioh be - has always discharged his professional duties; he will be permitted to retire, and will be ! entitled to the usual amount of conipensatiph. The preparation of the debentures to be sent to Loudon is being rapidly proceeded with. Tbe Treasurer signed a very large batch of them a few days since, and another instalment will be signed ' to-day ' or to morrow, so that if it is thought' desirable tboy can be forwarded by the mail which departs for England ou Friday next. The nominations for the annual elections for the City Council will take place on Fri day next, at noon. The councillors who retire by rotation are as follows : — Lonsdale Ward, Or. J; Wilts; Bourke Ward, Cr. 0. Fenwiok ; Ciippa' Ward, Cr. Penj, Lee; Latrobe tYfd, Cr. George Meares j Smith Ward, Cr. John Pigdon-; Victoria Ward, Cr. Charles Wilson ; >" aild Albert Ward, Cr. M. Lang, Cr. Garton and the suocessful candidate of those nominated yesterday for Viotoria Ward will retire on 1st November, 1879, the vacanoies they succeed to having been extraordinary ones caused by tbo resignations of Cra, Arnold and Curtain, who would have retired by rotation on that date. ' ' ' Of all Engliab-speaking countries, New South Wales has the fewest and the weakest political organisations. "In these days," says the Sydney Evening News, '? when it is fashion able to sheer at enthusiasm, -and to denounce a man as crotchety who gives any earnest thought to particular political or Bocial ques tions, 'ill may be held a blessing to be undis turbed by the jarring noteB of condescending associations'.'" But, forour pirt, we should bo glad ' to see so'ihe organised effort to bring about reforms of a public character. Men associating together on the basis of common opinions are far less liable to be swayed' by personal moti ves than when they are eaoh acting "on' their 'own1 account, The enthu- sias'm of the more noble-minded is canght'by the sordid souls, and tho intelligence- of the natural 'loader of men' penetrates tbe duller brains of m. £ ir-ty- Without organisations there it grot 9 difficulty m preserving the sphere of prdiha 9 -wewitl not say pure, for that it never it 9 but free from an amount of corruption that 9 is fatal to free institutions. 'The organisa. 9 Pons whoso utility we advocate are not those 11 formed for the promotion of tbe intcrests nf 9 olasses, such as trades' unions and free-eelee. 9 tore associations, which' are iiso Vidnabk 9 for certain -purpose,- but those- wlnch-.HS II for the promotion of wide pnblic interest? 9 They serve to Aievate the tone of political -! life, even -when the objects sought are not altogether desirable, and the tone of pnblie IS life is all-important in relation to the leeis. m lation and administration of a country Tuc jfl lowest form of political organisation, ao» 9 completely governed hy seltiBh interest' lj if the political party formed to support st/tes if men simply on account of their oratorical ff talents, l-ut even such parties may nreaerv. tl tbe State from worse ' politici? Seveloii. II ments." |S The Government astronomer reports — 19 Tbe weather at the beginning of last week was ' boisterous and very worm, with much dust 9 and during the afternoon scattered drops of raih, but became Une and' cool on the 21st. 19 and remained so until the morning of the ll 23rd, with heavy -dew daring the nights- £1 on the 23rd it was ' dull and very saltrv' ' I with light misty rain at intervals during the 9 evening but cleared up on the morning of 9 the 24th, and Was fine, ' cooUnd pleasant 9 until tho end of 'tho week, with a sm'srt 9 rainahower on tho early morning of the 26th. 9 Tho highest temperature in the shade, Si' 9 was recorded shortly after noon of The 9 23rd j the lowest, 42.2, on the early morning 9 of the 21st. The highest reading of the u». - 9 rometer, 80.110 in., occurred on the morning i « of 'the 20tb, with a moderate southerly 9 breeze ; tbe lowest, 29.G94 in., on the after- 9 noon of tbo 23rd,' with a fresh N.X.ff 9 wind. Ilain fell to the amount of O.OG in' 9 making the tutal rainfall since the beginning 9 of the- year 23.2/ inches, as compared with ?fl 21.31 during thesameperiodinlS7", 17.30do 9 1876, 25.09 do.. lS75, 23.97 do. 1874, 22.14 9 do. 1S73, 24.55 do. 1872, 22.94 do. Ifijl 9 29.SS do. 1S70, 21.49 do. 1S69, 13.91 do.lS6s! 9 21.00 do. 1807, 18.72 do, 1860, 13.69 do. 1805. 9 23.35 do. 18154, 25.32 do. 1S03, 20.45 do. 9 1862, 2-1.90 do. 1861, 17.94 do. 1S60, 18.67 9 do. 1859, 16,39 do. 1858, or an average of vl 21.21 inches. 9 The Viotoria Amr.tenr Tnrt Club Races 9 were held at Cauldeld on Saturdey last, and 9 were remarkably well attended, the daw 9 being very fine. Pioneer Won the Hurdle 9 llaao, bat the Steepleohaee was spoilt by e 9 flag being plaoed at a corner without the 9 knowledge of the riders, soms of whom' went 9 on one side and some' on the other. It was 9 ultimately won by Counterjumpcr. Red 9 Gauutlet fell iu tbe Hurdle ltace and broke 9 his neck. Prodigious secured the Punters' 'I Race, Prattle took tbe Amatenr Fiat Race, Bonnie Bee tho Sapling Stakes, and Glenelg 9 the Flat Pace. ), Intelligence was received' in Melbourne 9 Inst night of the apprehension in Adelaide of 9 Kenneth Maodonald, for whose apprehension ffl the Government have offered a reward of 9 £100. Mncdonald is the man who escaped 9 from Hamilton gaol oh tbe 10£h inst. He is :l a squatter at Ascot Heath, and had been 9 committed for trial at the Assize Court on 9 oliarges of Bhcepstealing, : 9 A fatal accident occurred at the old'foun 'fl dations In the railway reserve at tho Williams- 9 town Junction on the afternoon of Saturday |l last. John Horgan, between eight and nine fl years of age, was with'two companions catch- 9 ing frogs 'ft t tho old excavations, and while 9 walking along a wall be slipped and fell into 9 water five feet deep. The two boys ran for ? assistance, but life was extinct before the ffl body was recovered. ffl On Saturday afternoon tbe one o'clock train from Brighton to Melbourne was '? brought to a standstill near Balaclava iu f consequence of a coupling rod of the engine 5 breaking. Tbe mishap delayed the traffio 'v for nearly an hour, an engine having to be procured from Windsor to remove the dis- j abled engine and take the train un to f, tho donbie line of metals so as to enable the f train from Melbourne to proceed to her destination. ' Beyond the inconvenience re- f suiting from the delay, the ' passengen | suffered no injury. ' ' ' ? A' meeting ' of members of the civil | service' was' hold at the Athenaeum on / Saturday evening for the purpose, of forming | a Musical and Aihletio Society ; and it wis f arranged that a' concert 'should be'giveu'at i an early date to inaugurate a fund. I For tho'fortnight ending 31st August last, » and prior to Mr. Matthew Burnett's arrival f iu the Colliugwood district, the local police sr. | rested forty persons for drunkenness, larceny, askanlt,' bad language and other " offences, C twenty of which charges were for drunken. nous. During tho 'fortnight ending 13th S October, after Mr. Burnett bad left, the total number of arrestB was ouly eleven, of which qight were oases of drunkenness. A quarrel took place in a house in a lane | off Lonedule-street laet evening, and resulted i: in a woman being stabbed in the tide. She ; was taken to tbe Melbourne Hospital, where J it was found that the wound was about ad £ inch in depth, but was not serious. A t jockey, named W. Enderaon, was arrested f by tho police on the charge of stabbing the ? woman. j Some time during the night of the 20th »; inBt. the shop of Mr. Sanders Benjamin, : pawnbroker, was broken into, and jewellery : valued at £100 stolen. Oh Saturday a maa named Samuel Pretty was brought before the City Court charged with tiie robbery. J The accused was arrested by Deutiver ' Lovie and Cousidine, he having, in compauy j with another man, attempted to pawn ttiree ; of the stolen rings in a pawnshop in Little j Bonrke-street. The accused wns reuunded until Friday next! The man who Was seen | iu company with I'retty when lie attempted : to pawn the rings waB arrested on Stluiusy f by Detective Hayes at Emerald.hill. On Saturday the following cases were ad- minted into tbe Melbourne Hospital Owen e Garde, thirty-three years of age, rceiaiugin Gladstone-street, having injuries to the bach, \ lega and head, caused by being jsmiuM j: against the sido of" the vobsbI Amy Ubhesrt, c lying in the Xarra ; John Atkins, thirty- niua j years of age, living in Drpminond-street, Carlton, with a fractured jaW, caused by being knocked down by a cab ; Minnie Cuii- nors, twenty-four years of age, Euflering from : a out ou her bead. The following cases were admitted yesterday : — Samuel Staiuer, resw- g ing in Ruaseltlstreet, having a scalp woumt, ; uaused by .a fall ; Mary Hossctt, tw.caty-tw yokra of age, residing in Little Louidsle- street, nuffering'from a wound on the atiu, ,. caused by failing on porile broken glass. t Mr. Matthew Burnett's mass meeting at Enierald-hill on Saturday night was mote succesaful than any of its predecessors, air. i; F. Longmore, M.L.A., presided, and he and j Mr. Burnett spoke at the open-air meeting f held on the Orphanage reserve, after a totct" | light procession, accompanied by a urasi j baud and two drum and fife band/, hie f- paraded the town. At the close of the open- j air cathermg an adjournment was made to s the' Mechanics' Hall' and the V tfileym ; schoolroom, where crowded meotiugs were j held. ' The Kev. W. Poole presided at the ; Meohaniou'Tustitnte, and addresses werede- 1 livered by Mr. Burnett and Mr. Longmore. y The schoolroom meeting was addressee J y MrV Macgrcgbf, M.L.A., and Mr. Bnree W, ; anil presided over by Mr. T. Iv. .'7' , ? at both places Mr. Callender recited, y Hiddleston sang temperance melodies, an J choirs under the leadership' of Messrs. | and Hiddleston did good service. It » «'! 1 mated that fully 10,000 pereous atteddw > the open-air meeting, which was orae y | throiighoirt. The 'total number Cf pledges? taken during the week was 922, raakieg a to ? for the fortnight of 1500, while as a signin- / cant fact in connection with' the subject i has been ascertained that the ' drunkenness 'dealt with at the'Police Go have -been reduced 50 .per oent. since toe -- ginning of tbe movement- j 'The monthly meeting of tlm 7l0"a i Musical Artists' Society- was held on 8tW- 1 day evening,' at the ' mnsie .a.re.'1.?I1!.f. i Messrs. NicliolaOn and Ascherberg, Collins street east, the ohair being ocoupied by tos i presideut, Mr. B; A. Jaeger.- ,, resolved that' no' public concert by j society should bd given this year. ® j donations to the library were aanojtoced by the' president,"' Mr, T. J. read a paper entitled "A compari.o" between Hullah'e and the tomoi sol f» | mothode of teaohing einguig, "» 7''cLia| subraitted arguments to show that the _ , eol fa system carried through the |n'e j tbe staves, and showed the modulations into j new keys more easily and more cleai jr t the older system. The paper was jeU r , ceived. After business was compMtod t j usual social evening was spent. A . j pianoforte and violoeoello, by He i r, 14\. was played by Signer | A. Montague. . This composition, P . j with beautiful barmomo 3 , is i most difficult ' fingering, was plajaa a most artistio manner by - "j:.L)ly i formers. Fesoa's U'anderer ww creffitaDi, | Bung by Mr. J. G. Weir. A trio for violin, | pianoforte and'<»binet organ, V I tranEOription froiii h;a o jieraEibM l ger von Nuremburg, was plays?'", style by MessYs. Cnrtie,' I t«n«ev>ocff and the Morntnsc song, I Is ? J mTZiV.o.- Mr. S: 'Lacible tow I l-' -rnna pivTng fuireffeofrto ttofbewtiM p faTm g s jjr_ h. Curtis pl.yed I Xr The violin by Halbewtedfr, la I 'l-fctL blending of tone «nd_i«ecutiou I .amtoble effect The piano- j .«itaD«iiinent »« ably performed by I if AnUeue. The duet for pianoforte I f'foto Repi'ie'.nd Revel, by Bertbold I iod D 'which pethetio and joyous strains I frnite in strong contrast, was played with I ffand expression by Measr®. We end ff;. At the next meeting Mr. J. G. I & read a p.per on Taste in I MThe organ recital given by Mr. David I J b the Town Hall on Saturday evening I if, toty attended. The overture to I V LrvTCs Cheval do Bronze was played I Apber j Boirit and Handel s Gavotte I rrS5« wJn with greet skill and I mrnate expression. Mr. Lee played I "SLs from Verdi's opera, La Traviata, I 'ff'mtrnlsrly eood effeot, and in Gounod's I Wisl Grand Xlsrch artistically interpreted I a, musical effects introduced by the com- I The duet, Quia oat-Homo, and the f Pro Peccatis, from Eossini a Stabat £' were rendered with charming grace I _J .rnression. The audience was an I Imrecistire one, and testified their appro- I Stra of the performer's skill after each I C The "entertainment , provided at thePrin- „«'s Theatre on Saturday evening was ex- I Shot and well deserved liberal patronage I Tn the part of the public. Bntish Bom con- I stituted the first part of the programme I ml the various sensational situations with I which the piece abounds were received by I L audience with vehement applause. All I the performers were well up in their parts, I ...t the drama as a consequence ran very I wa, followed by The Warlock I of the Glen, a Scotch drama of the melo- dramatic school, spiced with sensationalism. 1 Theiceue is laid in the Highlands, and ,uhonch the piece was compressed irfto two 1 Jbort acts the plot developed the attempted murder and snpposed death of a nobleman, the Abduction of his Bon and heir, the ap. prouriation of bin property, and tho forcible nrrvioK off of his widow with a view to matrimony, all these crimes being perpe. I bated either by or at the instigation of ah unnatural and vicious-minded younger. tber. The supposed murdered laud, however, turns up just in time to stop the foreed wedding. The infant son was re- itored, villany was unmaskej, and virtue triumphed in the ond. The piece was well rut on the stage and acted with a great B amount of dash and spirit, and found im- I men-e favor with tho audience. The prtn- B rind characters were play edby Messrs. W. B G Carev, IV. H; Wallaoe, W. H. Metcalfe, B S Poole, Mrs. Woeldridge and Miss Kate B Foley The same programme will be given B this ensuing. I Macbeth continues its successful run at the B Prince of Wales Opera House, the repreaen- tition of the principal character by Mr. B Creewick beiug one of the best 'and most B fniAnd of that gentleman's performances I tmce his advent to Melbourne. Mrs. Steele too contributes greatly to the success of the B piece by her admirable and forcible acting in I the part of Lady Macbeth, and the subordi- I rate parts are all consistently rendered. This B evening Macbeth will be repeated under vice- regal patronage. B It is announced fcbat Mr. George Rignold, B who will enter upon bis second engagement B it the Theatre iioy.il on Saturday next, will B take bis first and only benefit on Friday, the Sth proximo. B The U. S. Minstrels performed again on B Satnrday night to a numerous audience at St. B George's Hall. The public seem never to B tire of the drolleries of these performers, B their various jokes and specialties receiving B due approbation from the audience. The I performance will be repeated to-night. B .At the Athenmnin, D'Arcy Bond's Ghost continues to draw large and appreciative B audiences. On Saturday' night the body of the hall was well filled, and the successful performance of each optical illnsion was ireeted with spplauee. Bemarks were con- I itantly heard throughout the performance I which indicated that many people were at a- I bee to distinguish' between ' some of tho I ghosts and their fiesh arid blood fellow per- I formers, Altogether the entertainment is I very bewildering. The lame programme will I be repeated each night during thia week. I At the Popular Promenade Concert, to be held this evening in the Town'- Hall, under I the patronage of his Excellency Sir George I iioweu and Lady Bowen, Mies Ada I Willetts, the juvenile pianiste, will make her second appearauce before' a Melbourne I publi Mrs. Cutter, M iss Bosina Carandini I ml Messrs." Basset, W;' R. "Furlong and I Clsrks Sykei, ivill also tuke part in the I concttt. I Tie Fitsroy Town Hall was crowded on Batorday evening, when tlib first of the leries of People's Concerts was given under the msnagement of the bonlmittee of the Total Abstinence Society during the altera- tiona to the Temperauce Hall, Russell- K street. The Misses Olive and Clara Barber, Professor Hcnnicke, illusionist, and Mr. Glover, comique, were the performerB R engaged. Prolcesor Henuicke's slate' trick I wis very successful. Mr. Tiudalh acted as chiirmsn. R The popular concert at tho Protestant R Ball on Saturday night passed off with K great eclat. Master Blontic, only twelvo years old, who has arrived from London K lately, gave a performance on the slack K invisible wire and tho tight ropo, which re- I ceiTed rlo«erv,-<i applause. Miss Roland and l| Miii Kennedy received encores. The olog I, dancing of Mr. SimmondB/tbo song and H dance of Mr. Frnzer, and the comical farce, H L'r. Brown, caused much amusement and l| Mr. Mayer contributed largely to the success IJ cf the evening. B| Tietnnual mn tlne of the Rofnrm and Protection j 'nana will bt- litlil at the trades' Hall thia eveoinrr. K his amounted that Air. Gruham berry, M.L.A.; will R fre-;Ct. R CA '"near1 ml hall will ho held in the Hoth&m; Town K i s tin eveiiiun. In aid ol tho funds of tho AlolOourno B Cilrfcnd 1 hr. J. Fredraan has aHorod hla Tonic Sol-fa Slmrfnu R uia-,at Hnihain. to Tutadav ovoninus Instead of Mou. R cay e.enliii-B ae formerly, slwrrs In iho Coffee Falaco Company and R Glub, ColliiigwOod, are boiug rapidly B A'J a-ijourncd mootlne of licensed victuallers, to B ''m '''die Juries uui. will he held at Stutt's Hotol u tut- .j ciiurk thin afternoon. H The provisfonat ' directors' of tho Cofteo Tavorns B , mcet fo'dav at a' quarter-pait four p.m.' to H comm'bec's report' and'coneldtr future B , ihelinsineia of the Provincial and Fuhurhan Dank- B :a 0IUPany will ho carried on at the back portion of B ! P'rniiies in bwanstun-su.'ct'duni.s the altera- troi to ihe front. ' ' B , .ie haiaar in aid of the enlargement fund of St. B ; , sl"'()n I :hc roll, CoHh'gwo'od, will remain E r Foresters" Hall, hraich- street, this day', lmatntotenp.ni.' ' ' B J',!1 'J'imatcd by advortlsotnont that the box pkui B v,, "'a lhtatre Itoyalj on. the occasion of Mr. Geurtre H a£ bcoefit, wh| he opened tu-day at hleasrs. R Aeoolaon and Aochcrbcrp'o. R lye coffee-house niovcment In Frahra'n is receiving E I-! o'V ' e®ent' n,any 'shares .ill the Prahran Homo K i , ."-o'-use Cdotpauy having, been applied for. riyStered llmt 'ew COUJPany will be ,.i!oSrr' P,::r ard Co., of Elizabeth-street, have ill i a teIeKranl f ' cm ileaars. Wheeler and Wlison, K ,, .c,un'Arwing machine man'nlacturer's.aunouncine B no . ri1"' Puzo was awarded to their machluca I ilUelans Exhibition. K i«J SEC,ur,,', ot a course of lecturca to further Iho B l.i'p.'. u,l't0" Mechanics' Literary Institute - I it,., o o, l-'"r'iom ,v 1,1 bo dolirOred ut Carlton B v- ' . '.y-sirict, Ahi-'i evening, by the Rev. Ralph I to «ui !u,''i''c.t being Heads and - Faces. . Aid. | '"it take the chair. I eh'.!! Mr" r- p- nill's lecture to the tca- K mJI B®£"ril teichcrs at the" inatlcution in Spring. I niIa? ,"cri," vms Emphasis. Strikirii: B „? '"a importance of paying proper ri-»J ? blanch of tlie elocutionary art were I Turjuus biblical, dramatic abd I JX\T Receipt!.' —Christian Enthusiasm, an I nit ,, ;;llyfrLC hy the Kuv- Tliomaa Jones, as chair- I itfiu ! ,? Union ot Victoria: Still- I tJLT»i,0Vdl,ou.rnB'--Ai:ree Church in a Free I Irt.i u c nti coofli,:ti. An address delivered I tTpUn V it LL.I1., as chairman of the Con- I Et K1011'1! South Wa'es.— The Tictorlan I calendar: Masou. FirUi and I Hi vk"n'"wr !ia -Australian Medical. Journal for I tik QuartUrman'X'U Gealon9 Grammar I VLutitVe 'occivod from tho publishers (Messrs. I i»'i t/ Asclierberg) a copy of the Ru pertswocd I bJ Mi« Blanche Greslc/i of Hobart I vp<oductioD CTincc® tbs ability of thecom- I wh'ch dedidtad to Mr. W. j. I Iihi'u.rl" becoI«« » favorite. -Frort Mr. W. F. I tirrin- ,ve rece,ved t,,e Macodon'MwcV spirit- I iWfl-fiti in fi®?.' M(i a,l the Musical' Bnuflfbox/ r I v'.-fitiwi 'Wch», when properly flayed, the peculiar I e euC;,!y VJ. dJ"!'"i?iy I C:'!.c,. !!iUn.'er.(it„ca>es relieved weekly by the colu- I ITU.! -8.M urn" badles' Benevolent Socloty I boinumk 2'B 42nd October was— Families, I 133- .;q,F.i Individual.), cempristng -widow, I atn'w S,Ani J"6' 72 : dMMted wives, 63 : wlvoa I Vi!,i, are in prison,- 6j wives whose hua- I to lv H.rj , '.J 1 whoso husbands are par- I t''T..V -S? ' , ' do. unemployed, 19 ; nged ' I i,i- 1,,- 1,,?,-' women, 28;' miseollanhous, I ; I lb 4i i T thc 'ortnigbt In relief- of' cases, £102 I !«' the' ?»®: Inmates, 85; ezpen-eu I 154,d# s' » A21 13s, 4d,; eamingn do., £20 