EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE^ IRELAND. PRISON BEVELATIONS. John Sarsfield Casey has written a letter to the Dublin Freeman's Journal in which hs says :— ' The jury sworn to investigate the circumstances attending the awfully sudden death of OhaVles M'Carthy, one of the recently releasedpolitical prisoners' were astounded at the revelations made by his companions—Messrs. Chambers Davit, and O'Brien—of the treatment inflicted on poor M'Carthy in the prison hells of England. To corroborate that testimony (if corroboration were needed). I venture to request space in your columns for the following :—On 14th May, 18G0, the Irish political prisoners (twenty-four, I think, in all) convicted iu Cork and Dublin a few months previously, were removed from Pentonville to Portland, chained together. During the journey, which occupied several hours, the warders would not allow the prisoners to speak, nor was a morsel of food given to them, though they had but scantily breakfasted at six o'clock that morning. The cells in Pentonville were spacious and airy. On our arrival at Portland we were thrust into cells, or rather iron boxes, seven feet by four, the greater number of which were dark. O'Donovan Rossa had a dark cell, so had the majority of the political prisoners. Two sides of the cells were of corrugated iron ; a massive unplastered wall, without window or ventilator, formed the third side; whilst the fourth consisted partly of a timber partition and partly of a, door, both strongly sheeted with iron, ! The cell door opened into a lofty hall containing five tiers of cells at each side, the number of cells being about three hundred. A small aperture twelve inches by two beneath each door was the sole passage through which air was admitted, and during twelve hours out of the twenty-four three hundred prisoners were breathing the air locked up in the hall, without any communication whatever with the pure air of heaven! Our cells were flagged with Portland stone, which is of an exceedingly soft nature. When swept every morning a cloud of minute particles of sand arose and made the already noxious air so thick that for a considerable time we could feel the minute particles of sand cracking beneath our teeth. Into the majority of these cells a cheering ray of God's sunlight never entered. Our food often contained [portions of mice and the entrails of animals, besides being generally' filthy. These iron boxes were the abode of the political prisoners from May, 1866, until Christmas Eve, when, for reasons best known to the authorities, they were removed in the depth of winter to a prison newly built and specially designed for the punishment of incorrigible convicts—wretches who had been repeatedly flogged, who were clad in a particular dreBs of shame, and whose bodies were bent beneath the weight of 281b. of iron fetters. These often made the night hideous with their blasphemies, yet were considered fit companions for Irish political prisoners for years. Edward Meagher Condon—he who first gave expression to the immortal watchword of our nation, " God save Ireland" —has been for years, and is still, confined in Portland. We know not but that night after night he is forced to lie on the cpld flags with his mouth to the narrow aperture beneath his cell door to try and catch a mouthful .of air. A royal commission has been • appointed to inquire into the working of the present convict system. I would suggest that when the commissioners visit Portland Convict PriBon they should see for themselves the cells I have described. I -would further suggest that every released political prisoner in Ireland should be examined by the .commissioners., Pnl? BB that be done the present will; be, .like former commissions — a. mockery, « delusion and a snare." HOBBO&S; OF THE IBISH EVICTIONS. From , scenes of fiery excitement into bthergjpf deepest glopm and despair wa» but a afyort step for poor Ireland. Three terrible .years had annihilated (he m- Bources of 'the rural population. The inability ;tp pay the rpnt : brought /pnm» ruin of the landlordswhole districts were running ^tp ^aste, ,an* starvation pnee more threatened, with its awful tures. English jpura^essawsts, and orators,jiinjted. an Wgiflg #> Irish jMfflr M & S m M M & m s troinj beypnd thev Channel.: Hunt they'w$,£M>» -fiigBttf m mmfim peopled, there woi tufts ,;tad s«eoret oared or thought the poor people who now held the lands; ind if the landlords were tempted to Stv it was a luxury they could not Efford. Thus England sowed the wind, is now reaping the whirlwind ; for fh B exeat "famine clearances which followed drove a million Irish to America filled with that deadly hatred which was ihe origin and spirit of Feniamsm. Few stories in history are more painful than the tale of these evictions. The Irish tenant's home is passionately loved. Here his fathers lived before him • and every rock and bush has its sweet association. All his little store of worldly goods, moreover, is gathered within these humble walls; for he does not hire his house all stocked, >B the English and Scotch farmers do. Under such circumstances, the evictions became acts of the utmost cruelty and brutality. The sheriffs who accompanied the landlords' agents protested that no execution was ever BO trying to their feelings as the leveling of these wretched houses. The fiercest wrath of Nature, even, could not stay the dreadful ruin. In hail and thunder, rain and snow, the gangs pushed on the work of destruction; the aged and bedridden, the nursing babe, were driven forth into the angry night to wander without shelter or food, until God, in some unforeseen way, perhaps by death, should have mercy on their misery. The story of these evictions makes the blood curdle and boil by turns and forces one to look with horror upon the capabilities of human nature. For ten.years the work went on ; night and day, summer and winter, the ''Crowbar Brigade" scoured the country. Handwork was too slow, and a machine was invented which would fasten upon the doomed house a!id bring it down in instantaneous [ruin. The wretched victims lingered about the sacred places until driven away by starvation, or the more cruel blows of their masters. Such landed proprietors as did not embark in this horrid scheme, yet forbade their tenants to receive any of the fugitives, as none wished the burden of paupers. Such peasants as had the means emigrated to America, and some landlords, indeed, paid the passage of those whom they turned adrift. But vast multitudes died in the swamps, the mountains, and by the roadside, or found a little longer way to the grave through the workhouse. —From Appleton's Journal for April. A TICHBORNE CASE IN DONEGAL. A telegram in the Daily Express, dated Londonderry, Saturday, 30th March, Bays:—" A case of ejectment on the title, which had Bome issues in common with the famous Tichborne case, concluded to- night before Mr. Justice Barry and a special jury, at an adjourned assizes in Lifford, county Donegal. It was the case of M'Gowan v. Clancy, to recover possession of lands in Donegal, which were held by the same title as certain property in Dame-street and College Green, Dublin. Plaintiff claimed under the will of Philip Clancy, deceased, who had come from America about five years ago, and succeeded to the property in Dame-street, heir-at-law of Charles Clancy, a buttonmaker. The Donegal property belonged to the same Charles Clancy, and was part of his real estate, but had not been recovered from Pat Clancy, an inheritor of some of the personal estate, and who had also gone into possession of the freehold property before the arrival of the claimant. The defendant disputed the identity of Philip Clancy, deceased, as heir-at-law ; denied that the women who came over with him from America were his mother and sister respectively; and averred that the man .who called hinwelf Philip Clancy, and who had made a will in favour of M'Gowan, the plaintiff, was so drunken and besotted ks not to be competent to make a will, and was operated upon unduly by the plaintiff. In the course of the trial his lordship frequently referred to the points of resemblance oetween the case for the defendant and the notorious Tichborne case. The jury found for the plaintiff on both issues— namely, that claimant waB Philip Clancy, pori of James Clancy,, and heir-at-law to Charles Clancy ; and that the will made by said Philip Clancy was valid. AOHARQE OF POISONING. Recently it wae mentioned that a young tnarried lady was charged with poisoning her husband. She was tried in Galway; and intense interest was taken in the -casei Reporting it, the Wahid? B ColTeBpondent eays:—A young wife, aged Seventeen, haebeencharged with muidering^Jiej^ iuisband, greatly her senior7thealleged' motive for the tearful deed bfeing thkt she was^ forced to toftrryshtm against hier -will, atid that jjhe was "aijxibus 'to iHaiTy his nephew: ?-he Atto&e;^Gfenfetal 1 fcondiicted r ' 'thte i^osecntum,' 'loir^iie ''ffiepimivMid • cfhii o«„,....!.j JLi--« lart.'fKia Si Sii. vr-'—wi.- -rli'j ^Mnoaaeedto defence. and the Crown would not proceed any farther. ' The Judge, Lord Justice Deasy, accepted the intimation of the jury, and bore his testimony to the attention and intelligence which they had devoted to the case. The result fo hailed with universal satisfaction, first and chiefly on account of the youthful widow herself (who was an immense favourite with her teachers and companions in school), and secondly, because it lifts from off our national character a stain and a stigma which, had the charge proved to have any foundation, would have been undoubtedly fixed upon it. THE MTTEDEE OF THE EABL OF LEITBIM. Up to the present no traces of the murderers of Lord Leitrim have been discovered. The Irish Government have offered a reward of £500 for information that may lead to their discovery, and the successor to the title and the estates of the unfortunate earl has offered some thousands of pounds for any similar information. The late earl was unmarried, and the title and property have passed to a nephew, who bears a remarkably good reputation, and already gives promise of repairing the (to use no harsher term) cruel eccentricities of his predecessor. The inquest on the deceased lord revealed the fearful brutality of the murder, and the desperate and courageous effort he must have made to defend himself from the assassins. The medical evidence testified to a punctured wound in the back—to several wounds on the arm, wounds on the ear, wounds on the bridge of the nose, and lacerations about the head and the neighbourhood of the skull. As seen in tbe dead-house the body was a frightful spectacle. Smeared here and there with blood—the grey hair and beard matted and clotted —the teeth firmly set, and the hand clenched tightly and resolutely as if for a mortal conflict. The coroner's jury had not much difficulty in coming to the conclusion that death had been caused by violence, and that those who caused it were unknown. A similar verdict was returned in the cases of the unfortunate driver and clerk, who were with his lordship on the fatal occasion, and were barbarously shot dead at the same time. The Bishop of Kaphoe, in whose diocese the Donegal property of the murdered peer was mostly situated, made a strong and pathetic allusion to the murder in a sermon in his cathedral at Letterkenny, and denounced its atrocity and inhumanity in the most vigorous terms. The murdered nobleman was interred to- day in the vaults of the Protestant Church of St. Michan, in this city, not without some popular manifestations of hatred and execration from a crowd that had assembled around the church. They cheered and groaned as the body was being taken from the hearse, and roughly hustled those attending the funeral. But for the police there must have been a riot.— Tablet. THE EMMET FAMILY MANSION. The following letter has been addressed to the Freeman:— . 20 Frankfort-avenue, Bathgar, 16th March. DEAE SIB,—In the course of an article on Emmet which appears in your piper of this date, it is stated that the father of the young and gallant enthusiast "died in 1803, at Casino, Blackrock." This, I beg to say,, is not the fact. The family seat of the Emmets is situate on the eastern side of the Dundrum-road, and midway between the villages of Miltown and Windy Arbour. The house was built by the Emmet*, and, as if with the consciousness that a day might come when necessity for concealment should arise, trap-doorb and secret chambers were made beneath the flooring of the basement story. ' When the attempted insurrection of 1803 totally failed, the unfortunate Robert fled hither; The house was then in the occupation ot -a Mr. Clibborn, who was greatly puzzled to account for the noises which disturbed the slumbers of himself and hiB family' for several nights. The nurse was sure the place was haunted, and declared she saw a ghost. An evening or two passed, and the . noises still continuing, Mr. Clibborn determined on remaining, up and, impossible, solving the eecret. He had not long to wait, for,the same night, at about the hour when churchyards are said to yawn and' the graves to give up . their dead, a dull thud was heard as . if a persoii, )iad leapt from a window to the jgroimd.? A material preBenise was indicated by tbe fall, andthe shadowy form of a man Wae Been to disappear in the darkness. Seizing a pistol, Mr. Ciibborh; followed and . fired after tha fugitive.'-' A little terrier came on thetrack and jgave chase, -his master following; The dogled him'to'a heap of stra w at the' end of the garden; beneath - which a flgure iay concealed, i ;Mr.i .Clibborn approached;- thfe figure rose up, and worn by watching, fevered by anxiety, dispiritedby disappointment, and heart-crushed<by the extinguishment of his most "cherished hopes, Robert Emmet j^ood-befpre him l he, ".Yoii eee a ruined man ; you have already tittwmpfceii ffi^-'itfe-rtalie' it J f' 1&v;<S hp atoe'-'to prtlotog' ltr^ 'ppfise8s y nbtiiirig : j iflivhig-idr Mr; 1 u Glibbtfrn ^jjtUedM&at; fae had no wish to' ii)jurfe fi hiu^ but that the illness of a member of his family rendered it impossible to permit his continuing about the house. " It is enough," said Emmet, and, under the. protection of the night, he fled to hiB old lodgings at Mrs. Palmer's in Harold's Cross, where, as stated in your article, he was shortly after arrested. It is, I may add, a rather singular coincidence that the family seat of the Emmets Bhnuld have been erected close by the towers of Clonekeagh Castle, at that time the residence of Mr. Jackson, one of the founders of the Society of United Irishmen, and an active promoter of the rebellion of 1798. Casino has of late years been the residence of the Errington family, and IB at present in the occupation of an eminent and respected member of tbe legal profession—J. D. Meldon, Esq. Apologising for trespassing on your space, but trusting that the subject natter of this letter may be of some interest to your readers—I frm, BIR, your obedient servant. J. C. FITZACHABT. LANDLORD AND TENANT. The Dublin Freeman says :—A return relating to landlord and tenant in Ireland, asked for last year by the late Sir Colman O'Loghlen, haB just been printed by order of the House of Commons. From this very important return we learn that in the last six years the total number of haberes, decrees, orders for possession, and notices of eviction executed or served in the counties of Ireland for the six years ending the 31st of December, 1876, was as follows In 1871, 1475 ; in '72, 1576 ; in '73, 2184 ; in '74, 2468; in '75, 2536; and in'76, 2473\. The number of families evicted in the counties of Ireland in the same period for causes other than non- payment of rent was as follows :—In 1871, 244 ; in '72, 193 ; in '73, 309 ; in '74, 317 ; in '75, 407; in '76, 376. From the 16th day of October, 1875, to the 16th day of April, 1877, a period of 18 months, the extraordinary number of 8439 stamps on notices to quit were issued. Under another head it appears that since the passing of the Land Act there has not been a single case of ejectment for nonpayment of rent in which the court certified that the non- paymnet of rent causing the eviction had arisen from the rent 'being exorbitant. The figures we have quoted above need no comment, and furnish abundant, striking, and most melancholy evidence of the fact that the Land Act has entirely failed to check the dreadful work of the Crowbar Brigade. EXPECTED RELEASE OF THE POLITICAL PBISONEBS. The correspondent of the London World, writing under date of 13 th March, says:— " I am able to say, on the very best authority, that the Government, or rather Mr. Cross, in whose handB the Bubject is absolutely left, is seriously considering the advisability of releasing the so-called Fenians at present confined in English prisons. Two of these men, Captain O'Meara Condon, an American, and the author of the cry, ' God Save Ireland !' and a Mr. Melody, are suffering for the death of Sergeant Britt, of Manchester, and the two others for sundry Fenian 'outrages.' So that it is possible that the .New Amnesty Agitation will be nipped in the bud. The member for Mayo has begun the agitation by the publication of his own speeches on the subject in the House of Commons. The suggestion for the liberation of the four men comeB, I learn, from Mr. Lowther, who seems terribly anxious to obtain sudden popularity in Ireland." 