It is not often a goyoriiorof any of Her Majesties colonics, which has 'conferred upon it the priyiloge of KeU-i»o\ernmenfct iri dHren to thuJiecussity rf diHrnissing liis responsible advisers. ' ''The necessity for doing so must ho very pressingiideed, wlion tho Queen's ' ropreiontativo finds himself cnnipellod to liavo rccmirso to eo 'xtromo a measure. Wo hardly recollect an instance of the kind having been'fur- nished in tho history of the Australasian Governments sinco the initiation nf the Now Constitutions. We havo heard, it is true, changes of a very abrupt character, and resignations that have given riso to not very flattering confidences us to' their causes; hut at present we cannot call to mind the recollection of any ca»o of a governor hoiiig obliged to dismiss his Min isters. Wo havo,1 however, now an instance bsfore us to prove that circumstances may .ariso whon a governor of a solf-ruling people may not only differ from tho adrico hut that he would be nothing less than a traitor to his Sovereign and tho poople ovor tendered to him by his responsible advisors, whom ho acted as the ropreaentaiivo of flor -Majesty, worn ho to act up»m the aclvicoj or to retain amongst his councillors those proparcd to. hazard the , safety of the commonwealth© a pedantic idea of their constitutional 'privileges. . It is well for the Cape colonists that at this great and' perilous crisis' in their fortunes, : when their lives, properties; and all that is held to he dearest to. tho Hearts of civilisod liuiunnity, arc tliroatencd with annihila tion by hordes of merciless and daring snvnges,!thiit "the right man is in theriglit place." Had any inexperienced or osoil- iatiug-miudod man boon in the pluco now occupiod by 8ir Hartlo Froro, ho would lmvo beon puzzled to deoido whotber tho Governor, a« O.ommandcr-in-Oliief, or the Minister Moltono, as Premier, ought to havo tho direction of tho war. Strung© as it does certainly appear, this Mr. Mol tono, uho heretofore onjoyod tho reputa tion of being an able and- efficient legis- ' la tor. and administrator, was unable to estimate tho great! change which such j exceptional events as are now oc- cuiring in . llto ,Capo provinces,: tnnd along thoir- frontiers, necessitate in tho relative positions' of tho Governor and his responsible advisors. The Gover nor, as representative of tho Sovereign, in peaco is a civil functionary exorcising civil authority ; whereas, if his province or Vico-regal dominion in invaded by ! onetnies, or iulornocinb war should uufor- ; tunately come, ho tlion acts in his double ca)acity of Governor and Comnmndor-in- Cliiof, in which coso he must necessarily havo the direct ion of tho. : whole military rosourccs of the State, preparod for its defonco. Mr. Moltono, tho Premier, held a very different opinion, and insisted that the command of the forces in the field should be under the direction of Ministers, who were entitled, ho assarted, to name their own commanders, to select tlieir materials, men aiid equipments/ to diruct all the operations of the war, and to cotifino the dofoncc of tho colony to nativo troops. Unless Sir Hurtle Frro acceded to these views. Mr. Moltonn threatonod to resign. The Governor intimated his williugueRS to accept tho sacrifice, but hefore it could bo formally insisted upon,' Mr. Moltono withdrew it. Sir Bartle, howovor, proved equal to the emergoncy hy summarily dis missing a' Minister, who would prefer seeing the country overrun and desohitod by savages, than his official importance temporarily obunibratod. ", 'Fhe laws aro Bilcnt among tho clashing; of arms," iss;an old as well as a sound practical canon of stato policy ; and much as constitutional ism is to bo valued in times of peace, and wlion no invader's foot desecrates tho soil upon which wo livo and can claim as our own— tho safety of the commonwealth is above all other considerations when wo have to fight . for our homos and liros, upon tho laud which gave us birth, and the safety of all we possess on earth is at Btakc. Tho answer of »Sir Bartlo Frero to the insolent domands of Mr. Moltono was worthy of the man. Ho could not see tho wisdom of leaving tho conduct of a most difficult war, against the attacks of subtle and courageous savages, to his Promicr'x Mimalerof Lands and "Works. The Governor felt Iho responsibility of saving the coiiniry from being overrun by 'tho Kaffirs to ho far greater than .obsorving, to, the; extreme limits, consti tutional etiquette ; aud. in replying to the minute of .his Ministers; among other trenchant observations, ho re marked : — .... , < " Admitting, to tlisfullcst practical extont, tliat tlio Governor acted solely by and with the advice of his. Ministers, it seems to mo that when Mr. Mnltono's Cabinot, utatiino like the present, advises the Governor to send away a regiment of infantry and a battery of artillery which have been sent to their aid,, to withdraw 'all Her Majesty's forces in! tho colony into garrison. at East London and King- William's town, "and to trust for tho suppression of tho rebellion aud the occupation of Galo Holland entirely to volunteers, hound by no law, and sui- ving only when and so long as they 'please, thc: Governor \ylio could believe that sueli advice was in accordnnco with the ' wishes of Tarlia- incut, or would ever bo" approved' hy tho Parliament of the colony, .would bo fitter for a lunatic asylum, than 'tho, offico I(hold." , Tho results proved that' Sir Bartlo Froro; gunged correctly; thq : state of opinion inside- us well.. as ;oiitsido of Parliament/ A new Ministry soon took . the soats vacated by Mr.. Molteno and his c»llengtiOH,' and lost no time in HKsiiring His Excel lency of the ho»vty?npproval, by an over whelming innjnrity in both Uoubus of tho Legislature, .of :'tho' policy ho had boon pursuing. / By soma it is thought that Mr. Moltono having seen the good effects of the policy of Governor Weld, when in New Zealand,' in recommending tho withdrawal of the .Imperial.- troops,, and . leaving; . tho struggle between tho natives ; and tho settlers to bo decided . by themselves was only ondoavoring to repeat the experi ment - in South 'Africa. But tho circuin- Htnuevs 'of the. two colonics aro" widely dissimilar. J,Tn' physical 'strength, oydprj anco'/lanrV 'cpfiwge,' !)voirh'avb it'. bn.tho niitliofitjq' among others/ of one of bhr late Governors, Sir Thomas Broivn, who lmd, an iutimato knowledgo of both, races, that tlio Kaffirs are 'quite' oqual, if, not superior, to. tho Maorios, and that as hush fighters' they aro ovon.niore export;, . But it' ' is '.'not; so rniiclr'tlie Kaffirs'; who ' constifcutb' tho ' greatost source of' apprchonsion.ancl. danger to our /SoiilH' African''1''/c6ldriieV0as; tho Bbers/ ' who havo never beon reconciled to our dominion over the Onpo Settle ment, and whose independent territories wo Jiavo latoly, nmioxod, much to their1 displeasure,' ' 'and cuvtainly very much against the wishes of the great majority of the inhabitants of Dutch parentage | and birth. Tho country of tho Knflirs is almost 'illimitable lis to extent and re sources, and tho people much more numerous than the natives of New Zoa- lnnd;-rTciwithdraw . tho British- troops from South Africa under present cir cumstances wouhWhu a most fatal stop in the -wrong diriltioii, and one which wo believe, wit hi Sir Bartlo Frere, .wonhlbo; more becoming ,, qn „ inmate of "a lunatic' asylum to recommend than a responsible Ministry'of a British Governor to advise. The Capo colonies wore acquired by conquest, whereas Now Zealand is an original possession ; and long buforo the British took posses sion of tho Capo from tho Dutch, a feeling of intense hostility to tlio white man had boon provoked by tlio crnohies and barbarities praclisod by tlio invaders upon tho nativo tribes. Mr. Molteno could not have reasonably expected that Sir Barilu Frere would take aiiy other 'course than ho has been compelled to follow, unless, indeed, lie hupuil that a British Governor would risk tlio safety of one of Her Majesty's fiuost colonies in ordor to satisfy his constitutional but very inopportunely urged quibbles. SoMKTirrxu to Oiju Advantage. — About thirty years ago there departed from tlic Great City to join tho vast majority a person who, for nearly half a century, enjoyed the distinction of having his linino better known than any other udveuturing impostor oven in thnt paradise of quaeks aiul dupes, London. This was ".Joseph Ady," who, as an equivalent for the receipt of twenty shillings good and lawful money of tlio realm, engaged to eonmmnicnto "something to the ad vantage " of his ilupcs. On one of tho many, hundred; occasions lie was brought before the Lord Mayor at the instance of one of the many thousands lie had cheated ho pleaded as his justification that he honestly fulfilled his contract cngagomont, by advising the sufferer "never to enter into tho water until he lmd first learnt how to swim." On another, lib defended himself on the ground that lie had communicated to the com plainant "something to his advantage," by warning him " that it was much pleasanter on d hot day , to bathe his feet in cold than in scalding water." The recollection of " Joseph Ady's" great services to tho men of his times, is revivod by a note \re find appended1 to tho Return of Livo Stock, p. 174, of the statistics laid upon the table of both Houses of Parliament during the present session. In referring to tho number of "sheupowners who washed thoir sheep in warm water," and who " sheared in the grease," the fol lowing bit of "something to our advantage" is added. "Note — It is to 'be understood that all shcop not washed in warm water, or shorn in the grenso, wero, washed in cold water!!" To make any sense of this 44 Note," we should have to suppose that water of a temperature neither warm nor cold is used for washing sheep. Verhaps some sheepo.wnora uso 44 boiling .water " in prepar ing their muttons; but wo are inclined to think it is only when tho wool and 'skins »art company wstli the tlcsh, that water up ;o a.tomperaturo of 212' is, applied to, the carcases uf the meekest of animals. Perhaps our State statistician may explain that which at prcsont appears inexplicable. City Impuovkmentr. — \Vo noticoa great ninny improvements, in the shape of erec tions and embellishment of buildings, exten sively going on in our midst, which in themselves are sufficient indications of the progress making at. tho present timo and 'Well might it l>c remarked by many that all we require now to place Hobart Town in tho position of one of tlio prettiest cities in tho world would be tho introduction of capital— tho. unfolding of the purse strings— in order to develops tho great minora! .wealth which unmistakably at the present moment lies hidden in the bowels of tlio earth not many miles from the city. However, be this as it may, improve ments arc continually going on. In Morri son-street, next to tlio establishment of Mr. It. .11. Rex, ship chandler, etc., facing tho wharf, Messrs. W. C. Grubb Bros, arc erect ing most extensive hark mills, in which, wo understand they aro, at considerable ex pense, introducing the most modern improved machinery, imported from Melbourne and the mother country, to supply that destroyed in tho late great fire. It is a two-story building, composed of brick, witli Tasmania!! frccstnno facings, and galvanised iron roof, togcthor with skylights, etc. Tho. ground floor ''moasiires. 135ft.. by 32ft,, and . lieight 10ft!' The second story, iii same proportion. The Commercial Baiik, situate in Macquarjc- atroet, which has been erected for upwards of 17 years, adjoining tho electric tclograph offico, Is undergoing repair. Tlio front pillars, adornments, etc., are about being taken away, and other architcctua! embel lishments substituted, which, wo believe, wilt materially add to the nppcnranco uf tlio The Rkua'ita. — Tt may interest our read ers to know something about that species of amusement which, like cricket, has become a national pastime. To islanders like our fcllow-subjccts of the United Kingdom aquatics will always hold a premier place among tlio sports of tho people. The first regatta that over took place iu England was held on tho 23rd June, 1775, on tho Thames, in tho presenco of tlio greatest assemblage of Royal personages, of tho nobility, gentry, and pcoplu of all classes who lmd ever boon known to witness any public spcctaolo in Loudon. It was introduced iuto England from Venice, whoro boat-racing and rivalry among tlio gondoliers on .the canals, in tho Queen of the Adriatic, constituted tho chief amusement of the citizens. So great was the excitement among the Londoners to witness this novel Rpcutaclc, that the chroniclers nf tlio times inform us " that half a guinea was charged for a 1 standing-place, or sitting room, on n common dung bargo," "Early in tlio afternoon," writes tho chronicler, " the whole river, from London Bridge to the Ship Tavern; Millbauk, was covered with vessels of plcasuro, and there scorned to be a gonural combination to nmko a gay evening. About 1200 (lags, wero Hying before 1 o'clock ; anil such was tho public impatience that scores of Largos were filled at tliat time. Scaffolds were erected on the hanks and iu tho vessels, and oven on tho top of "Westminster Hall there was an erection of that . kind. . .Vessels were moored in, the. river, for refreshment And tlio sale of liquors. Plans, of,'! tlio rogatta wore sold1 from a" penny to a shilling each, and songs; on tho occasion sung, in which' Regatta was : rhyme for Ranclngh anil Royal family; echoed to Liberty. Tho tops of tho houses were covered and1 the sashes of the windows taken out, and not n boat disongaged whoso owner chose !to work. Tho wells 'of St. Martin were rung in the morning, and those of St. Margaret's in the nftemoon. A river barge used to take in ballast was loaded with the finest ballast iu the world — 100 youiig ladies elegantly attired. Atniil several salutes of 2l'gun the wager-boats started, and were absent 50 minutes. Tho Thamos waanowafioating town, nil the cutters, sailing boats, etc.,— in short, everything from the clumsy barque to the wherry was afloat. In the evening tho most superb entertainments ever witnessed were given by tho Dukes of Richmond, Northumberland, Somerset, and others, in which over 2000 of the elite of the nobility participated, including all the princes and dukes of the Royal family. The Royal Standard was flouted on tho flag-ship." Sufli is the account we luveof the firat regatta 'ever held in England, and is taken from tlio 11 Annual Register " for 1775. Football at Ross.—' Tho secretary of tho Ijaunccston F oothal 1 Club informs ine that ho had received a telegram from Ross; stnting thnt. the ground was souked wlth - enntinous rain, so thnt playing was impossible. In consoquonco tho match between' tho Laun- , ccston and , tho Horton College. Clubs has itbepn postponed . until,-, next \ Saturday. . The College 'team intend entertaining their guests at dinner in that institution. — TZaun- I ccston Correspondent. Dauon Grant. — During thuyarimn discus sions on mutter 'connected with, as well a foreign to, theMainLinoRailwaycoutrovsary, the name of Baron Grant ho3 taken a very conspicious, but not an enviable place, if his assailants could l>oast of a business and per sonal character and reputation superior to that which he has in circles obtained, iho redoubted .money-changer and. broker heeds hot much, we apprehend, the censures or abuse of our comparatively pigmy swindlers anil roguos.- And as he w.rojmtcd to bo pos sessed of enormous wealth and no principles or conscience, he can afford to laugh at his Tasmania!! nssailors, who besides being pen niless, are quite as'bankriipt iii _ tlio eotnmo- clitics of conscience and principle as ho is. himself. Wo vonturo to assert thnt his stock of facial-brass is quite as overflowing as that owned by any of his critics in Tas mania. Wo havo heard much of Baron Grant's connection with and influence over tho Main Lino Railway Company ; hut be fore the associntionof the lhrou and 'tho com- pauy could be used with suceuss to damage the latter, it was necessary to paint the Ilaroti in tho colors of "a rascal, swindler, rogue," etc. Having thus estab lished tlio infamous character of tho Baron, it; was no ; difficult task to transfer .'its repulsive hues' to tho company. All that was required .was a good lyipg tongue or two, aided hy >n 'equally mendacious pen, to not upon the ignorance of tho public, in order to identify tho company and Baron Grant as one and tho same party. Now wiiat is the fact ? Baron Grant, lot him he wliat he may, has not. nor never had, any thing to do with tho present company. 3 lis connection with the lino was through the contractors, Mcsar. Clarke, L'unchard, and Hcovos, but iu no way has the Baron any thing whatever to do with the Main Lino Railway Company — so that the fact and tho truth aro that the abuso of the Barou by our virtuous and honest conservators of what thoy so tintrulv denominate " the interests nf the colony, ,4 is quite harmless, so far as .the company is coricornod. ' Tint Rkv. John BusNKrr. — This gontlc- man, who lias received tlio charge of tlio Gongregatioiml Church, at Latrobo, was to arrive by tho steamer Mangana, yesterday. Mr. Bcnnott arrived in Australia hy tho lout Californian mail. Ho is to he welcomed in the colony hy a tea and public meeting, this evening, in the Princes Square Congre gational Church, Launceston ; at which the rev. guest is nnmmnucd to deliver an ad dress ou " Congregationalism in AmericA." —Launceston Correspondent. . Ooi: Drauhiit Stock. — Mr. W. H. Dod- ery has been advised by telegram thnt at the recent horse sale, at Kirk's Bazaar, Mel bourne, Mr. W. Luck's draught stallion Duku of Clarence brought 1 15 guineas ; and bis prize mare, Flower 2nd, 235 guineas. — Launceston Correspondent. . F. vrmui Lb Menant's Mission. — The Mis sion services at tho Church of the Apostlos, under the conduct of Father Le Mcnant, were brought to a termination yesterday. The whole of tho. Berviccs were well attend ed, and considerable interest was manifested by the congregation, upon whom the ad dresses created a deep emotional impression. — Launceston Correspondent. D'AucyReid's Ghost. — On Friday even ing I hail the pleasure of witnessing the " ghostly" uutcrtainment of Mr. D Arcy Read, and T can well recommend those of your Hobart Town reader who desire to pass an onjoyablo evening to make an acquaintance witli the phantoms. Unfor tunately in Launceston tho unfavourable nature of the weather during tho whole of their stay militated against tho success of the company iu a pecuniary point of view. Those who visited tho ontcrtainmcnt aro loud in their praises of the novelty anil in genuity of the illusions presented them. — Launceston Correspondent.. Missions. — In consequence of the in clemency of tho weather, the public meeting advertised to tako place at the Quccnborough Lodgeroom, Samly Bay, on Thursday, 15th, was postponed to a future day. Tub Infant Mozaiit. — By the s.s. Man gana, which arri ved at Launceston yesterday, thcru camo there tlio Infant Mozart, who, with a concert company, consisting of Madam Weippert Patey, a soprano; Mons. .Bcllnndc, baritone; and Air. 11. N. Weippert, will give a series of three concerts in the Tasmanian Halt noxt week. The prodigy not only displays his marvellous command over the piano, but submits himself to ex amination in tho theory of music. From tho information afforded hy our contempora ries on the other side of the Straits, the musical conimunity of tho city have a treat in store for thom. Chuistian'h , . Ciiavkl. — Tho services in connection with tho anniversary of the estab lishment of this, church ;wcre well attended yesterday.' In tlio 'morning tlicro was. an attentivo ebngregratibii, qnu in tlm evening Mr. J. I'. Wright occupied the pulpit dud preached an appropriate and well apprc-' oiatcd sermon. This evening a ted meeting will he liuld in tho chapel,- of which further particulars will he found on reference to our advertising columns. Sudden Death.— Yesterday, between 12 ami 1 o'clock, Mr. Charles Bezette, landlord of the Hit or Miss Hotel, found tlio liody of a man, quito| dead, ' in one of tho offices attached to the promises. Ho identified it as that of a man named Henry Shaw, who had formerly been a waiter at the establishment. Ho had apparently been dead some hours, as. tho body wasquitcstifl'. Dr. Bingham Crowther, who was called in, ordered its removal to the dead-house at the hospital, which was dono by tho police. An inquest will probably be hold to-morrow. Rats' Castle.— The demolition of this rolio of antiquity is fast lieing proceeded with, the workmen engaged therein making good progress with their labor. Tho roof and chimneys have been removed, and tho walls are now being taken down. A con- stahlo was on duty on the premises yesterday to prevent any ono "approaching ton close to the doomed structure, which wo hone iu a fow days will be another thing of ;the past. Queen's Asylum.— On Saturday last, His Excolloney,' witli Colonel Grey, and Accom panied, hy Lieutenant-Colonel St. Jiilt, .paid a visit to tlio Queen's Asylum and Institution for Invalid Women, and expressed them selves gratified with tho management and cleanliness of these establishments/ - Police Couht.— Mr. George Crisp, J.P., had very little to do on Saturday morning, only one female offendor being fined 5s. for beiug drunk. r . ' Dkath' of an old-Resident. — On 'Friday last Mr, James Sadlor, a very old colonist, diod at his residence, -New Town, - in -the 87th yoar of his age. Ho arrived in tlio, colony in December 1832, and, at tlio time of his death, was tho oldest inhabitant of Now Town, having lived on tlio land ho purchased from Captain Swanston ever since his 'arrival. Until two years ago -lie was- very active, and enjoyed cxccllont health. The deceased leaves a widow, and a mime-' rous family — all of whom are married and' settled down in various parts of tho colonies.; Tho fmioral will take place tin's afternoon,! at four o'clock. . ' An American View of -Melbourne.— : Air. J, N. Ingram, tho writer of the dcscrip-: lion nf Melbourne which appeared some timo' ago in tho "Hawaiian Gozotto," ' has ! for warded uh a coliimu and a half, constituting the remainder of the article In question/ tintl which was suppressed hy tho Victorian' journal/and therefore (lid, not appear in tho extract wo made from it. Wo must, how-; ever, decline indicting upon our readers a tliome with which they are generally' con- vorsanfc. The fact that the " Ago " did not givo. tho portion" just handed to. us :is mn' acknowledgment on itsp&rt; tiiat that portion, nt least, is correct. Hoiiart Town i<:4.T>»noh."---Wo havo1 re ceived Saturday's < issue .of j this journal. The only , feature worthy ; of notice is tlio ' frontispiece, winch is of 'novel design, '.'fairly executed.. \ ; "!'/ . /, ' ' V ' ! The publio meeting iu, comicotion with thi) Tcinporauoo, Mission,' which ' was postponed froth last Tuesday night/ will be held to-morrow! evening at the Templars Hall, New Town.' The Conference will meet on Wednesday even ing at the Smith Coffee House at 8.15, 