OUR MONTHLY SUMMARY. SThe outwoard 'botnd -EnglishMail cloea aTLaunceston on Tuecday ?10thO Feb., at~o a.o. "Our Moin1$1, auimmurI wio be' published on 'MONDAY - ONN} containing a resumb. of general newos of the month. To prevent di. appontmn ,'prtis''requiring exergn coie -hould end 'notce to thi. offer-au early as possible. Copies will be posted to addrpe.s lent to this toe. TmE TasMeANAN RAoING CLUE.-Yes. terday was the concluding day of the. Summer Meet of the above club, and the `weather being favourable the attendance was mush better than on the previous day. The Criterion Stakes, a handicap for two-year-olds was won by the Chame pagne hero, Warlock, although he.carried top weight. The winner, as already stated, is by Kelpie, and owned by Mr Patterson, of Melbourne. For the Weld Stakes, Adelaide was the favorite, but did not gain a place, as the race was won by Waterford, with Laertes second, and Filibuster third. Waterford is by the Marquis, out of A1f sister to Dagwirth, and won the Geelong Handicap the other week., He is owned by a gentleman who races under the som de guerre of Mr \- Edwards," being purchased by him some nine months back for 1,000 guineas.. For the Hunters' Stakes, a steeplechase confined to non-professional riders, Evers ley, as may be imagined, was a great favorite, his most formidable opponent on paper, Syphon, remaining in Launceston on account of the accident to his owner. The chestnut son of Snowden again aueght the judge's eye, and was ridden by Mr `V. Landale. In this race Glonder. went, a horse well known with the Southern Hunt Club, fell and broke his back, but his rider luckily escaped un hurt. Jupiter, who fell in the Alexandra Plate on Thursday, we regret to say. had to be destroyed. In the. Grand Stand Stakes Waterford was again successful, while the Consolation Stake was remark. able if for nothing else for the fact that it was won by a Tasmanian horse, Fairy I King (a son of Cotheratone and Kearneys famous : Fairy Queen), who defeated several competitors, including Glengarry and Don Alphonso. D BALLOON; AeuENT.-ý-Tt Is, announced. that owing to the meagre character-of the subscriptions the balloon ascent has been. 0 postponed to Monday afternoon, when it' will positively take place. 5 VEE UNP LBASANT PORro have been current during .the last two or 1 three days respecting the positioni of, a tradesman in towns efecting more: thanl his financial "stability; and ,the :udden Ir departure of the individual in queution4 by, the steamer. yesterday 'mornings ii It regarded as corroborative of these rioinors. h More will be known of the affair in the course of a few days. 'Wine ioiu TORPEDaEs The Age-of d Thursday states-that 1the iVictorian Go. d vernment "ihave- ao opportunity of put* d chasing froniTasiismiaiabout two asuds halfh mil'es' of-submarine wire at a somewhat n high price, but as no other material~lf the 1,7 kind is obtainable, and the wire isurgen'tly' r. wanted for torpedo purpose',At will ho" purchased at'once?" Aftit'freceiving the es roport of Sir Win. 'Jtrvois' recommending or tile laying down of torpedoes for the de. as fence of the principal' ports of1 Tasmanih a it is questionable whetherthe' ovecmnsent is justifiedd in parting wvitli an article wheich it may require ifor useo hgre at~iio"distdnt1 1adate 2 PlEMsu E Taw.-The steamer Empress of India made dudother pleasure trip yea terday evening, proe'eding" 'as far .as o Freshwater Point. Tho Rfle Band was on board and discoursed sweet music, and 0 there was a large number of excursionists. She returned to the wharf about 10 p.m. 'A' similar trio will be made this evening. ' by'the Curio, leaving the wharf at 7 p.m. PR' PnEENTATION CONVENT.-A grand eon cort' is' announced to' take place shortly," r under'the patronage of his Excellendy the: Governor and the elite of 'Launceston, inm so. aid of the building fund of the new echool so, room attached to -the Presentation Con vent. The musicalitalont of Launceston will combine to make the concert a success. me Trho winning numbers of the recentlottery re in the pavilion are published. mn- :..F 'ucco RIDIDN.'- 'Ai' accideit', hip 'od pened yesterday forenoon at the'cdrner of York and St. John-streets, close 'to h' lfesare Dftchani,ano Button's esablish h'ment'resuling fromn furious, riding. '.t ,te appears that at 11.30 aim.: a matinamed Constantino was riding "up York'street from Mr Lyall's (farrier) shop, and only ock had a-halter with whichto guide the ani mlal.: The' horse, was proceeding at a rapid oice and when" passing the corner indi casted he' knocked 'down, Mr Jas. Jones, Who. was; standing . there talking, to a de- friend. Air Jones was. picked up and leu 2 part of the"iway. home, but had to hbe carripd' the remainder.,, He received a severe shaking, b'ut foitunately no bones eat were broken. He is at a loss to unuor nbr stand how he escaped being trodden upon ifio byi the horse. Mr Jones has been an hat invalid for somiie time, and 'his adyenture of of yesterday 'will by no manis ten'd to improve hishealth., Ua Cnoerr. -= The match betweeithe for Launceston Eleven and a United'. Fifteen ch- will ýo.brought.toa conclusioin this'after dly noon., At the close of the first day's. play uet, the game had reached a most interesting :o) stage, and neither aide can be said to pos ted sees even a slight advantage." The L.C.C. st a in their first' innings scored '82, and in ' their 'second lost' 'three wickets for. 15 ure. runs. The United Clubs batted iono, life; and placed'50 to their credit. The pros , or peat of a good game, and of a close and exciting finish, will- probably t induce 'the members of both teams to attend as pounc. lan tuehly as on the p esious occision. he' Tlu PinY.noxznbzi in xooans-The Of;authorised1 thio destructionx fa othr vmne-,lyyr t eln. t sterpryo yard at OcIolon. rt:is the proert of as Sir Wyatt of Fyonsford, on the Barwon, iao and is deciared to' b' largely -infected with ighi the disease known as 'phclloeeraee' ustatrix. ies Thip is the, fourth vineyard.0tlhet hiq been em destroyed. fly ,h uje bhristion Wis t es. A'copy of tlis on-; iinsocta-iani journil forr li'c prea t' Week to halo been received.. As nsiali itcontainan tast fiiterestting lmimmary of religiousa newsi. r.Tire LATE ASSAULT AT HOeAorT TOWs, out -Tohe Tr-ibuse of yosterday says, with refer. on to Mr 'White,' who' wee' violonstly to asoauulted and robbed oh Tuescday night, lo that on Thusreday eveniog he was believuld ith' by his medicsd'atf andante'to ho inahs etter ing state than woe expected, considering "the ca.nature of thue injuries inflicted upon him. ipb Howeveir" he is stil in a critical condition, ihand some'weeks must elapse before ho is ighimself again. .It is understood that the Ofpolice hays reason to euspect smom oerson ta wildoubtleass otne until' thuly dstand upon sure ground. Tho' discovery and conviction of the cowardly wreteb a who atta'cked Mr White would be "hailed by, with ounivereal 'satisfaction. 'Two6 very nf sovere wounds were inflictadon Afr,White of hande,.one of semicircular shape over, the Sleft tom is, frecturing the snkull, and the or, othor botsind the right ear, extending to ire the bono.r' ' ~j LuitaiifEcLrse.-An" ecllpseoof the a, moon partially visible in Launceston, 'will I teke plato to-morrow oveniinge 'Thi'- time aiwlucit will occur, wall be-First contact withu.thejoenumbra Oh. 30m. 1He. first contact with the shadow 7h.' 31im. 40b.; mniddle, of thu eclipos Bii. 11Dm. 28e.; leet sea "contact with the 'shadow 10hs. 27m. l0s.'; b' last contact witha thus ponumbra 1llh. 28m. ,ii '40s.""Magnitudo.of itoe eclipse nearly the Gwhole of the Moon's diameter. tea Asiuc roe Mu'KzscNEl' WelBcEr.-hl is ons to lbs MI'Kenss tartan label en sach bettlhe. bevies Ii M'EAcmab.sa gsageta.-Ldjir S DEATr or Ma. HENRY 0Howa.-Ou ituarycontains the name of Mr Henry owo, who died on 12th inst. at St. ilda, near Melbourne, aged 74 years. r Howe will be remembered as an old d much-respected resident of Launces n, whore he carried on an auctioneering sness0, first in partnership with Mr W. . Bell, and subsequently by himself. lodily infirmities compelled him to re ioquish business, and some years ago he emoved to Victoria. YAcnrsue.-A yacht race for a £15 rophy will be contested on Monday after noon, over the regatta course, between the Florrio, Leisure Hlour, and Hirondelle. Captamn Urquhart has kindly consented to act as starter, and Mr F. Martini as judge. The scale of time allowancesswill be pub. lishod in Monday's issue. - GovERNaexNT TeeDEns.-The Govern ment invite fresh tenders for works on the road between- Table Cape and, Deten tion River, tenders to be sent in .by the lst prox. ... A GsoIsT AT BALLARAr.-Some excite. mont has been,. caused n in Ballarat. for several evenings, aboutidusk (reports the Ballarat Courser), by theaappearance of a real live ghost in Sebastopol-street east. It appears that an eccentric old lady, liv. ing un the locality,'peramulates around in the gloaming with a white. sheet around her person, and the result is a congrega tion each evening of an excited crowd of youths, who make night hideous in their attempts to scare the ghost.. The quiet inhabitants of the neighborhood, however, object to this sensation, and are, we un.. derstand, determined to rid themselves of the ghost or her followers as soon as pose Bible. .' A TmxxAoALTMnosrav.-MrM'Intyre gave an instance yesterday (says the`Mel. bourne Argus of 18th inst.) of what he termed the autocratic +disposition of the "People's Ministry.'- A young man at Sandhurst in the Railway office, wrote to him, and hs transmitted the letter to the Minister and the reply he received was that if the young man wrote to a~member of Parliament he would- bo suspended. "Yes," interjected- Mr -Woods, "I will sack him next." "Thisl gentlemen," ex claimed Mr M'Intyre, 'Is a specimen of the treign of terror now prevailing. -The civil service is demoralised. Men dare not call their souls their own." -Mr M'Intyro concluded withs a remark that Mr Woods should know, better, for he had been a civil - servant, and had been dis missed himself.' Thee hit was spplaudod so loudly in the Hoiso asid strangers' gal lery that Mir Woods's retortuwas, for the most part, unheard or misunderstood. "Yes, lie said, pointing to ox-Ministers "thosesmen dismissed me, and Ihavohad my revenge." .:- - - - CeovU1a3ons' sIe Tirseinw.-TiThe nursery has no more' innooont help than Mn, Johnson a Soothing Syru whlolh, s lied'to the!I~nfatits' 'oatales as nareoole. see the naieof oBarclay & Sons, Earriagdsa-st., ILondemn,'; Is so - the talm~p Sell by eli eliemists ,at 2s Oil a bottle,' Ageents-uttlon & Laws, Launosteon.--(Advt.; 