T.HEATRICAL. NOTES Tu New Zealand Combination Com. pany have been doing an excellent busi mess at our local theatre during the past week, and, biong conmosed of about tlhe most attractive lot of artistes we have ever yet had amones't us, will donbtles, continue to be well pat:onised by the publio. Mr. Rainford concluded hs '!.,Ghost" entertainment at the Protestant Hall, on Thursday last, and har: gone to Mel bourne. During the past week, the. various :plsces of amusement i. :Sydney~, have been doing a largoe 'uiees., The prin. 'iPif perfoimaners we onmerate; - Taer R. ItAL, - Oa Wednesday evoening, a great house assembled to wiits ness an amateur performance in aid of the funds of 't Vincent'a Hospital. 'On Thurs:ay . evening, there was . another JargRe house, the sntertsinment being by the Mortin Dramatic Society,.in aidof? the Lh Ard fund, an& the intiest "in the performance was en-. a?aoed by the rreseudce of '3idshioman Perce. This '(Cahirday)evening is the •inaugratlon.of a nva.dramatic season at ,ihe Royal, when Miss Annie Firmin anid Mr. John Jack,-the popular Americap artiates, will make their first appearrack ' h the Seril:nmcc:..'domestic and realossic .drama, " f liss '" ViCronrX',TH~ATna -T.ys er's English Opera 0o0tpsny are at!ractig gcod houses nightlyv, the pice 'being "the Brigards " MI-isCr ae Thompson and Mr. H. Beacy. ale the principal characters. Q F~i's THIHiEAE -The great spects cua?e di-n'ma of "i azeppa?n has been at. t?riitmg crowded houses.at the Queen'e -fosirtuiime time past, and, having wit. ..essled- i, we can say without fear of ..ontrjdictrioni . that it has been ?:pafo'iimed by the present company in a mannx superior, to anything ever wit mesed in the coIony before. Mrs. Bates' imperhonatian of Mazeppa was spilendid. As the' hfbdsome Tartar youth, who was condemned, to cruel torture by beisn atrnaped to a wild horse and then set J"itlio;,4t!e was simply perfect When the horse- wee brought on to the stage the excitemert was immense, and upon Mrs. Bates being etr.pped on to its back arnd the animal set loose, the applause was, prolongeod sad enthusiastic. Mr. Ba!es, •as "Abder Kian," the King ot Tartary, played his niece well, and all the other members of the company were likewise good. A' Mr. and Mrs. Bates will pro bably visit Nswcsatlo, the inhabitants of the city a:td district moy anticipate a treat shortiy ScHaou op ARTs.-At the S.ho'l of .Arts, Sydney, an entirely different class of entertainment has beenattracting large and fashionable audiences. We allude to the Stewvrrt family. which comprise Mr. R. Stewart and his three daughters, all of whom are talented and attractive. Their's is a drawing-room ent-rtainment, mud is entitled "IF; or, an Old Gem se-set," and is thoroughly amusing and instructive. "IlI" is composed of new operatic scenas, songs, trios, medlves, hornpipes, choru.es, terpsichorean duets, So., &c.;, and is really a first-clasn erter iainment. We understend the Stewart dfamily intend visiting this city, and 'ill ;probably perform at the Protestant Ha 1, .about the end of August. 