The manager of the Pyrenees Tunnel Company reports, under date October 19 : — "We are making good progress in driving at the tunnel level, and the work is beiii"- pushed on with all speed. During the past fortnight, a further distance of 11 feet has been- driven, making 15S feet from flat sheet, and a total length of S78 feet from the mouth of opeu cutting. More quartz making in the face, but no other change calling for special mention yet to report." The manager of the Working Miners' Company, liomebush, reports a yield of 124oz for eight days. Applications under the Land Act ap proved : — John Slater, Redbank ; Edward Horwill, Moyreisk. Mr James Penberthy, formerly of the Bank of Victoria. Avoca, was married to Miss Laura Elizabeth Powell at St. Arnaud on Thursday last. The debate on the education vote was re sumed on Thursday night, the principal speakers bciug Professor Pearson, Mr Ramsay, and Air Sargeant. The last- named member tabled a motion that the item before the committee he increased by £20,000 with a view of continuing the salaries of the . teachers as they were in June, 1S77, until the matter had been dealt with by Parliament. The debate was ad journed until next Tuesday, when 'it is probable that the Government will adopt the suggestion and that the iucreased sum will be voted. An American aloe in Dr. Morris's garden has put forth the flowering bud and it may be expected to bloom iu a few days. We have been informed by the doctor that the plant is nearly twenty years old, older than that which lately bloomed in Mr Earle's garden, but its development has no doubt been retarded through having been trans planted some years ago. The Illustrated Australian News for October contains the following engravings:-- The Sailors' Rest, Williamstown ; The Ladies' City Flower Mission; Air Joseph Clarke's residence at Toorak ; Fatal en counter with a Desperado at Dubbo; South Afelbourne Bowling Green ; " Pass- iug Events ;" Lake King, Gippsland ; Funeral of the late Justice Stowe at Ade laide ; Kaipoli, N.Z ; scenes at the Bischoff Tin Mine, Tasmania ; Theatre Royal, Adelaide. We remind our readers that the sale of Air Costin's property and effects will take place at Percydale to-morrow. Charles Field and" Henry Mills have been gazetted trustees of the land tempo rarily reserved on the 9th September, 1867, as a site for Wesleyan church purposes at Natte Yallock, in the room of J. Rowe de ceased, and J. Elliot relieved. In another column will he found a report of some extraordinary circumstances which occurred at two seances given by Dr Slade at Ballarat recently. The names of' the persons present; supplied to us in a sftk- rate note, are those of officials, professional gentlemen, and tradespeople, all well known in Ballarat and the neighboring districts. The ordinary half-yearly meeting of the Homebush Company will be held at 15 Lydiard-street, Ballarat, on Monday next, at three p.m. The quarterly meeting of the Pyrenees Tunnel Company will be hold at. the Vic toria Hotel, Avoca, on Alonday next at three p.m. Tenders are invited by advertisement in another column for repairs to the lock-up at Aloonambel. Tenders to be sent in by the 31st October. Applications are invited by the Shire of Avoca from qualified persons willing to fill the combined offices of engineer, secre tary, and valuer to the Shire. The salary offered is £350 per annum, for which sum it is expeoted that au efficient officer will be obtained. In accordance with instructions received from the Bishop of Ballarat, special prayers were offered in St. John's Church ou Sun day evening on behalf of Sunday schools. A meeting of the Sunday school teachers was also held in the old church last eve ning for the same purpose. The Insolvency Statute Amendment Bill introduced last week by Air F. L. Smyth and Air Dixon provides that any insolvent whose estate has been under sequestration for three years or more may appljr to the court for his certificate, and if it shall ap pear to the court that such application is concurred in by a majority in number and value of his creditors the court may thereupon graut such insolvent a certificate of discharge." Three juvenile pickpockets, of whom the oldest could not have been more than six teen 3rears. were sent to the Reformatory Schools for three years on Saturday. They seized tbe opportunity, whilst some ladies stood spell-bound with admiration before the Cup dresses inBourkc-street, to do a little business, but were observed by a detective, with the foregoing result. Air Alatthew Burnett commenced a tem perance crusade at Emerald Hill, on Satur day, when 10,000 people attended the opeu air meeting. Tenders have been invited for the new postal service, returnable by 12th February next, either in Alelbourne or London. A severe malady has broken out amongst the cattle in the Bellarine district. A Loudon telegram to the Herald dated October 19th, says : — An official inquiry has taken place in reference to the failure of the Glasgow Bauk, which shows that the failure is due to deliberate aud long- contiuued fraud. A profound sensation has been produced in commercial circles by these revelations. A domestic servant at the Rob Roy hotel, Warrnambool has been arrested for con cealment of birth. The child — a boy — was found concealed iu a box beneath the girl's bed. A little boy wandered into the bush near Nebo a short time ago, (says the Mack-ay Mercury.) He was attacked by a native dog which killed him and devoured him. A man named Thomas Alason was found lying dead on the railway track at Adelaide on Saturday night. His head was com pletely severed from his body. Probate was granted in the Supreme Court ou Thursday to the will of the late Air James Bell, squatter. The value of the estate was set down at £114,169. The South Australian Agent-General telegraphs the sailing of the Salisbury, with 376 immigrants for that colony. Signor d' Albertis has parted with his zoological collections from New Guinea to the Afarquis G. Dorin, of Genoa. The col lections were first offered to the British Aluseum. Triclcett has announced that during the International Exhibition in Sydney in 1S79 he will he prepared to row any man in the world for the championship and a stake of £500 to £5000. A miner named Jebson was badly hurt in the New Chum and Victoria mine, Sand hurst, on Saturday. A Frenchman named Le Brum attempted suicide ou Sunday morning by jumping into the Yarra, but was rescued by a police man. A man named AlcComb fell off Pyrmont bridge at Sydney on Saturday, and was drowned. John Perry, the landlord of the Tele graph hotel, Pooncaira, N.S.W., was recen tly fined £5 at the police court of that place, for supplying spirituous liquor to an abori ginal. It is reported that a new cigarette has been introduced in Alelbourne, and ap proved by Baron Von Alueller. The outer covering is made of eucalyptus leaves, the tobacco being in the centre. It promises to become popular. Jane Lane, 16 years old, committed sui cide at Adelaide on Saturday, by taking laudanum. Air Bootliby, the Soutb Australian repre sentative at Paris, has purchased two quar ters of Alold's pedigree wheat for distribu tion among the farmers of South Australia, A man named Frank Clark Cook has been found drowned near Lindsey's brewery, Hay. The face was eaten away, but the body was recognised by the rings on the fingers. The Praliran ghost has been found to be a bundle of newspapers on a pole, fanci fully dressed, and stuck up against a fence. - The pawnbroker's sbop of Saunders Ben jamin, of Swanston-street, Alelbourne, was robbed of £150 worth of jewellery on Satur day night. . Mr John Gray, a member of the Sand hurst Alining Board, has been seriously injured by falling into a quartz shoot. A laughable incident occurred at -a Syd ney theatre last week when an old gentle man called upon the audience to rescue Pauline, in " The Lady of Lyons," from tho villian Bcausearit. It is rumored that Sir John O'Shanassy will not press his Education Bill to a se cond reading, hut will content himself with ventilating the question. Air Dempster is now engaged at Spencer- street in making experiments how best to light up railway carriages with gas in place of kerosene. The body of an old man named John Rees was found by the Praliran police floating in the Yarra on Sunday evening. The man was a resident of Richmond. A respectable working man named Stock- bridge, and bis wife and five children, were found in a state of starvation by the police at Prahran on Sunday. A subscrip tion for their relief was at onco started. Two Carlton larrikins were sent to gaol for six mouths by the Alelbourne Court yesterday, for assaulting tho police on Saturday night. A seauiau named Nicholas Christopher fell off the Sandridge pier ou Saturday night while waiting for a boat, and was drowned. A coffee palace company and workiug man's club is about to be established iu Alelbourne. The object of the promoters is to enablo workiug men to spend their time in places where alcoholic drinks will be excluded, At the same time amuse ments of every kind will be provided. News has been received at Paris of 'the simultaneous outbreak of eholera : in Sweden aud Aloroeco. The wet aud very sultry weather hi Paris, and the crowded state of the capital, cause some apprehen sion that it may break out there, A prosposal is mooted in Sydney to hold a champion horse race in connection with the approaching exhibition, the prize to be.. £3,000 with a sweepstake of 100 sovs. Doyle, charged with the murder of an- Orangeman at the Clarence River has been acquitted. Murnane, on tbe same charge, was found guilty of manslaughter and sentenced to one month's imprisonment. A married woman named Carr jumped into the Yarra on Friday evening with the intention of committing suicide, but was rescued by a gentleman who was rowing up the stream at the time. Her mind was de ranged owing to her recent confinement. ' . Airs Sampson, of Toriington House Ladies' School, has worked a very hand some altar cloth as a gift to All Saints's Church, St Kilda. It is stated that- one of the gentlemen who have undertaken to investigate the claims of Dr Slade has already discovered the method of performing the slate-trick. A writer in the Herald says that the authorities of the Railway department have discovered a method of getting rid of the host of applicants to that department for employment. Every man jis sent to work, but is given a job which he cannot possibly perform aud is then discharged as incom petent. Air Wybert Reeve, the newly arrived comedian, has plared " Fosco" in the " The Woman in White" over 1800 times in Eng land and America. A decease has broken out amongst the tobacco plants in the Ovens district. One of Cobb's horses bolted while being put into a coach at Dookic last week, and immediately ran against- the limb of a tree and was killed. Tuesday the 5th November and Saturday the 9th, being the das of the Alelbourne races, have been proclaimed public holi days. A new post office has been opened at Burramine West, near Wangaratta. In view of the depredations of rabbits, a new fencing wire or net has been invented, having a mesh of 2h inches with a width of two feet, and a top wire above it. It is reported that pleuro has made its appearance amongst the cattle at Lexton and Evansford. A boy only twelve years of age was brought before the Collingwood court ou Friday, charged with drunkenness. He was sent to the Industrial School for four years. There were twenty-two applicants for the office of rate collector for the Tullaroop Shire last week. T. Dormaille was ap pointed. A little boy, 3;\ years old, named Tobias Keatiug, died at Alarong last week from injuries received through his dress catching fire while he was playing near a burning log. Air J. S. Denny, secretary of the Fourth Victoria. Building Society, has been miss ing for a week. His accouuts sbow a de ficiency amounting to £1346. A boy, 14 years old, had his finger bitten by a snake at Hamilton on Wednesday. He cut the tip off his finger, tied a ligature be low the wound, and felt no further incon venience. Four bricklayers have been induced to work at the Eastern Market, but the society men still continue the strike. There were 140 births and seventy-three deaths in the metropolis and suburbs dur ing the week ending 12th iust. The gaol at Wood's Point has been dis continued. Lawloit, Dimboola aud Emore have been appoiuted polling places for the Horsham division of the North-western Province. John Syme, a selector at Buln Buln, was charged in the Alelbourne Criminal Court on Friday with the manslaughter of Walter AIcKay. The two persons had been fight ing and deceased died a week afterwards. It was proved that deceased died of peri tonitis aud Syme was therefore discharged. Several deaths from diphtheria have lately occurred in Sandhurst. Nine men and two horses were struck by lightning during a storm at Hay on Wed- nesdaj- last. It is reported that a fine river, watering good country, has been discovered between the Murchison and Gascoigne, Western Australia. The Frcidersburg has arrived at Brisbane with immigrants, having typhoid fever on hoard. She had eighteen deaths during the passage. At the Ararat Assizes on Friday, Anthony Henderson, an aboriginal, was found guilty of killing his lubra with a waddy. The jury recommended him to mercy and he received a sentence of six months imprisonment. A youth named Colin Campbell has been committed for trial at Ballarat for crimi nally assaulting the landlady of the Redan Club Hotel. The railway department has accepted a tender from the Phoenix Foundry for ten luggage brake vans for the amount of £4,480. A few days ago one engine took 103 car riages and trucks from Sandhurst to Eehuca, the train being nearly a mile in length. A boy named James Tyrrell, eight years of age, was drowned in Hobson's Bay on Tuesday last through falling off the Sand ridge Pier. Another boy who was with him at the time ran away without giving any alarm. The Alinister of Alines has promised to consider the advisability of reducing the amount charged for busiuess licenses on the goldfields. Forty -four horses have accepted for the Alelbourne Cup, to be run on the 5th No vember. A rabbit shooting match took place at Donald a few days ago, the rabbits being released from a trap like the birds at a pigeon match. 200 rabbits were destroyed. It was reported last week that the missing woman Farrell had been seen near " the Queenscliff railway works, but the state ment has been found to be untrue. Jonathan Saxby, who some weeks ago committed a murderous assault ou his wife in a fit of jealousy, has been sentenced to four years imprisonment with hard labor. Air Alexander Stevenson, of the firm of Stevenson and Elliot, coachbuilders, died on Friday last from injuries he received at a fire which occurred at hi3 house a few days before. Advices from Lukinville, Queensland, state that tbe Chinese are returning to the old workings, and tho Europeans are begging food, from the police. It is expected that Parliament will be prorogued by tho middle of November, if not earlier. It is the intention of the Government to remove the urohibitiou ou tho importation of oattle and sheep from England. The hospital collections made in Mel bourne on Sunday amounted to over £3,500. Old residents on the Lachlan state that this is the best season they have ever known for grass aud water. A new woollen mill at Williamstown will be in active work by the 1st January. Returns from the Long Tunnel Mining Company for the past quarter show S03S| oz of gold from 5689 tous of quartz. It is interesting, and that hot' only from the heraldic point of view, to - note that the arms of Cyprus are borne on one of the shields on Queen Elizabeth's tomb, in Westminister Abbey. The interest of the session will culmi nate this , week in the appointment and meeting of committees of tne two Houses in conference on the reform question. On Tuesday evening, Sir Charles Sladen, in the Legislative Council, and Air Berry, in the Assembly, will move respectively for the committee of three. The instructions to the committee will be general, so that they may meet each other, as far as possible, knowing that no foregone conclusion has been come to on either side. There may be some deriiur in the Assembly from Alinis- terial supporters to the proposed action, but both committees will no doubt be appointed. The only business : . on,'-; the notice -paper; of the Council besides tills is the 'Exhibition Bill, which is still in committee. — Tele graph. , The following is an outline of the Amending Land Bill now before the As sembly : — Clause 4 of the Bill repeals a portion of sub-section 5 of the 20th Section of the Land Act 1869, and provides that if during the first six years of his occupancy the selector has complied with all the con ditions of his iicense, he shall be entitled at any time within thirty days after the expiry of six years from the commencement of the license to demand and obtain a lease of his allotment. Every such lease is to be for a term of fourteen years, at a yearly rent pay able in advance of one shilling per acre. At the expiry of the lease the occupaut is to be entitled to a grant in fee of the lands leased. Occupants who have been selected, under the three years' license system, aud the period of whose licence is unexpired, are enabled by clause 7 of the hill to avail themselves of the new conditions. Under clause 8 any licensee can be absent from his allotment for a period not exceeding three months, on condition that he gives notice previously to a land officer acting in his district. The general effect, therefore, will be to double the periods of license and lease, aud thus give tweuty years instead of ten years for payment of the purchase money of £1 per acre, the annual instal ments being reduced from 2s to Is. per acre. The Commissioner of Railways has de cided to reduce the railway rates for the carriage of stock and grain, in order to give greater facilities for transmission to Alelbourne from the Riverine and sur rounding districts. There have been hitherto three charges for the carriage of sheep and cattle, viz, lOd. per truck per mile for 100 miles, 9d. per mile for 150 miles, and Sd per mile for any distance over;i50jailes. The new tariff will be 9d per truck per mile up to 150 miles, and 7d per mile over that distance. For the car riage of grain the rates will be lid. per ton per mile up to 100 miles, and for any dis tance over 100 miles Id. per ton per mile. The subject of transcontinental railway lines is at present occupying the attention of the Queensland Government. The Colo nial Secretary of Queensland, Air Douglas, is in favor of an intercolonial system of railways tapping the central districts of Queensland and New South Wales, and connecting Alelbourne, Adelaide, Sydney and Brisbane with the seaboard of Austra lia on the north. Such a line would run f rom Deniliquin to Bourke, thence north ward to Blackall, and through Cloncurry to the head of the Gulf of Carpenteria. This Air. Douglas thinks might be constructed by an intercolonial combination to the advan tage of the whole of the Australian group, as it would make the rich pastoral country of the interior accessible. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes : — I regret to learn that on Saturday night Air W. Landells, baker, at Staffordshire Reef, attempted to commit suicide by hang ing himself to a beam in the store. He was discovered just in time to save his life, but some hours after, again attempted the rash act by cutting bis throat with a razor The unfortunate man has lately given way to excessive drinking. — Post. A note for horticulturists. On Saturday (writes our correspondent) I was shown an extraordinary cauliflower, which, divested of leaves, weighed exactly 12 lb, and the peculiarity of which is that the vegetable grew from a stump which has been in the ground for three years, and each year has been similarly productive. The stem from which the vegetable was cut is the size of a good sapling, and can be seen in Air Ed ward Purdue's garden at Cape Clear. — Star. A fearful case of youthful depravity came under the notice of the Koroit Police Court yesterday morning. In patrolling the main street on Friday night, Sergeant Grays had his attention drawn to the house of a saddler named Seton, and upon listen ing, the officer was horrified to hear the father bargaining wiih a third party for the prostitution of his daughter, a girl only 13 years of age. The unfortunate girl "was arrested as a prostitute, and sent to the Jika Reformatory for three years. She admitted that the present was not her first offence, and produced a pound-note in verification. — Post telegram. According to the.Geelong Advertiser, a valuable retriever dog, belonging to Mr Brown, of the Harbor Office, while gambol ling in the water of the bay on Saturday afternoon, was attacked by a large stingray, which drove its jagged sting into the poor animal's side to a depth of four inches. The . dog, in getting away from its assailent, car ried with it about eight inches of the sting, which it afterwards dragged from its flesh t with its mouth. Great efforts are being made in the Edu cation Department (the Argus states) to prepare the return promised "by Mr Berry showing the salaries and position of the individual teachers at the time of the pas sing of the Education Act and under the July regulations promulgated by Alajor Smith. A section of the staff was detailed for the work on Friday. So far, the inten tion of the Government- is to invite the House to adhere to the new regulations. A most determined attempt was made to burn down Mr P. Keillj's Railway Ter minus Hotel, on Friday morning. About three o'clock a.m. Mr Iveilly was awakened by the noise of fire burning, and, on opening his bedroom door, beheld a huge blaze in his passage. He at once procured a tub of water from the bar, aud ex tinguished the flames betore the fire had obtained a hold. Research proved that a most dastardly attempt had been made to destroy the house by pouring a quantity of kerosene over the door and floor of a passage in the very centre of the house.— Riverine Herald. Max Adeler says : — " "We are surprised to read in an exchange that ' the corn of Mr. Redman is seven feet high.' We pity Red man. We cannot imagine how he gets his boot on over such a corn as that, nor can we conceive how he contrives to 'walk, " even when barefooted. It is hardly likely, we should think, that Redman himself is more than six feet high, and if that is the case that solitary corn of his must tower above his head. It might be a very good thing to tie an umbrella to, or he might carry a flower- pot on his foot and have a honeysuckle climbing up the com and blossoming under his hose." . ' Insure your health by taking that plea sant and popular remedy, Clemes and Bartle- man's Fluid Extract of Senna, which is now proved by hundreds -to be .th6 best arid safest medicine for stimulating the liver and kid neys, and curing headache, paiq in the back .andcjiest, furred tongue, wind, unpleasant teste in thri-inorithaiid other indications of indigestion. It isr better arid safer than Calomel or Blue Pill f on removing bile. Re tailed every where, — Advt, 