THEATRE ROYAL. No character in the whole range of Shak sperian personages has occasioned so much ana lytical study of the meaning of the writer, or given rise to such controversial differences amongst learned and scientific disputants as Hamlet, the Prince of Denmark. "Was -Hamlet mad ?" is a question that has been dis cussed orally and by the aid of. the pen almost ad nauseum during the past three centuries, and it does not require that we should attempt to throw any new light upon so well-worn a sub ject. There are no tragedians, great or little, but who at some period'of their lives essay the part with more or less success, and therefore it is not surprising that there have been very many failures in the presentation of "the melancholy prince" upon the stage, and only a few notable exceptions to this rule. The an nouncement that an actor of any eminence is to appear in this character will always attract a laige and intelligent audience in Adelaide, ancL the Theatre Eoyal was consequently well filled, on Wednesday evening, when Mr. Creswick assumed " the trappings and the suits of woe," and gave us the benefit of his reading and ren dition of the part of the melancholy Dane. Iu the first place we should compliment the manage ment upon the very creditable manner in which the play has been mounted, as no pains have been spared to make the scenic and stage accessories appropriate to the occasion, and' on the whole the piece has been very well cast, the celebrated tragedian being well sup ported by the other members of the company. Regarded from a broad point of view we must pronounce Mr. Creswick's Hamlet to be a mas terly performance, although it is no more a per fect one than the Hamletof Kean, Montgomery, Melville, or Fechter. It approaches more closely to the Frenchman's style than to that of either of the other performers named, because it is more melodramatic in action, and relies more for effect upon the striking passages in the prin cipal scenes than upon the reasoning out of the physiological question involved in the dialogue of whether Hamlet was or was not mad. We think that Hamlet should not be exhibited to us as a madman, and we are consequently with Mr. Creswick on this point from the start, bnt we certainly are of opinion-that he should give us from the second scene, an: evidence that he r" has that within which passeth show," and-has 'weighty reasons to regret that "the Everlasting had fixed his canon *'gainst ■ self-slaughter.* This Mr. Creswick did pot do, and consequently did not impress the spectator with the1 -idea that he was melancholy because of his father's: death until he had reached the third or fourth act of the play. He was, in our opinion;- not sufficiently sorrowful, but was matter-of fact, and very sane in the first and ^second, acts, with the - intention, apparently,1 of in creasing and building-up the dramatic effect as the piece progressed. In his interviews'with Roaencrantz and/Guildenstern he .wa8_most? effective,. and we do not know that we:;ever heard the>advice to the players so well -spoken. If it were for the delivery of these lines_ alone we would advise any student of elocution -to attend the Theatre and take a lesson from Mr. ■ Creswick's natural, graceful,' and easy delivery of this short but critical portion of the text. Ih the play scene the grouping was different to what we have been accustomed (as in Maclisp's picture), the tragedy beiDg enacted at the side instead of at the rear of the stage. Bythismeans Hamlet faces the audience,.toys with Ophelia's fan and keeps his eye upon the countenance, of the King while the players do their work. The . change appears to be a good .one, as the Prince is enabled to cast himself at his mother's feet when she questions, him upon the meaning of the play, and to grip the arm of-the King when he.starts in alarm-from his chair. The whole of this scene was well carried out, and won rounds of applause for Mr. Creswick's fine dis play of histrionic ability- He.was again power fully dramatic in the chamber scene with the Queen, but lacking the element of youthfulnesa -was necessarily less effective in the tender pas sages with Ophelia, The impersonation as a whole, though not without its blemishes, must take high rank, and be classed as one of the best Hamlets that has been placed before a colonial audience, and the actor well deserved the recalls which greeted' him at the close of7 each act. Miss Ashton's Ophelia was a finished and pleasing piece of acting, but the mad scene was scarcely so touching as what we have wit nessed on some other occasions. It would be too much to expect of Miss Carrie .George that she should make herself look old enough to he the mother of Hamlet, but. she played the part of the Queen very_creditably, and merited the applause with which she was re ceived. Air. Dawrence was capable as the King, Mr. Martin as Polonius,: Mr. Holloway as the Ghost, Messrs. Forbes aud Medus as Roaencrantz and Guildenstern, and the other characters were fairly sustained. "Hamlet" will be repeated thisevening. Tourist (to fair companion)—"How quiet ad lovely! Surely this" might be a spot the oet had- in mind when he said,Silence signs.'" Guide--"Ah,begorra, and ye may ly thatrsame; and thunders too, yer honor I? "Phairest Phlora!" billed the amorous youth phofever dismiss your phears, and phly with ne whose pnervent phancy is phixed on you lone. Phriends— phamily—phather—phorget hem, and think only of the phelicity of the hutnre! Phew phellows are so phastidious 9 your Pherdinand, so pheign not phondnesa I you pheel it not. Phorego phrolic, and nswer phinally, Phlora!" " Oh, Pherdinand* on phopj!" she coqqd, 