The great drama of the Eastern Ques ?tion still1 continues to agitate the public mind. A! peace has been declared by * flie CongresB of Berlin, which was ? attended by the' plenipotentiaries of tHe Great Powers which had. signed ttie Treaty of Paris in 1856, the result of the Crimean War. That Treaty waB ? supposed to. settle for all time the Tif dra-headediEastfern Qnesiion.'so far^as related to the ambition, the t'rea*cherpus ? diplomacy, arid the growing conquests ?of Bussia, which then, as now, had ?everrappearance of over-running Europe and Asia by fire and sword. Snffice it to say, the great international principles ' -adjudicated upon at Paris, and which -were supposed to make nations law abiding* was steadily and secretly vio ?' la ted, and in the spring of 1878 it was well nigh looked upon as a dead letter. ?. The Russians crossed the Pruth, war L was declared between Russia and Turkey, England protested — too much — while the continental powers kept .up a ? masterly 'inactivity. After a heroic resistance by Osman Pasha, Plevna fell, and theire«i8ting armies of the Oamanli melted before' the victorious advance of the Muscovite, like the Spanish armies Wore .Napoleon, and 8oult ; or the French armies before the triumphant march of 'the ''Red Prince,' Werder, and Moltke. The passaee of the DanT ube byithe Grand Duke Nicholas was a great mistake on the part of England, but. the: passage of the Balkan Moun tains and the capture of Adrianople was, ?' from a. military and diplomatic point of '.riew, fer greater. When the trickery , of GortBchatoff and. TgnatiefF was felt \- at 8an Stephano, and the Russian hordes cluitering around the linei of Stamboul ?and drinking of the waters of Marmora, then Europe wasaroni-ed ; then and only then, did the lion of England roar and awake . to a 'sense o of national danger, loss of prestige, and to the fart that her Indian and Eastern possessions were threatened by a vandalic and Bemi . barbarous enemy. The determined front of diplomacy displayed by Austria and England, and their adhesion to ' the ? Treaty of Paris, brought about the ' Congretas of Berlin. The contents of Ihe Sari Stephnno Treaty was such a * sweeping transaction of conquest that *iU provisions had to be modified before the statesmen of Europe met - JiarW. \- ing the business settled Bt the Congress, thoneb Lords Besconsfleld and Salisbury, checkmifed Gortschakoffand Bismarck, the Eastern Question is not dead in the iiinds of Russian statesmen, but simply .smoulderine until another convenient '- -4*y i4^ Constantinople will be within -.-? '5J/n»r»'eTr w^prize of the Cz«r. Tor -*'*«? de$ervc/l ';,,,»3!«l)-1'?rurt&i; Roumania ? \y-#Y*il? rrmn ''ffpendence mrffiF1-. ue'er ?'ff'-T, Je will the The-$urk wj^ain M .h^for on?. Kurope until be ?» roniuii/»i,(;an«l in Dsnnbe. A few y^^ifZ JUU reor«am.atjon will i . and bom to remain in Kurope for ,tii.o«fc^p ^. .Bosnis and Montenegro, if uiii, constitutional government, will yel .:remafn a portion of the Turkish dom- jtul'Miin. But trouble in the East will e er exist so long as the traditions exist ! o;' the House of Romanoff. THe diB m emberment of Turkey in Erirope iB in ', tt e hands of fate, which will not life its | d; rk cloud without more bloodshed and i ' liplomatic sftill ! ' ; Greece, . Austria; I and Italy are all immediately, interested \n the division of Turkish spoil, said by sc me people to bo near at hand.; The fall of Ears and the cession of the port of Bntoum affects British interests as m ich as the capture of Constantinople by the- Russians. The occupation of C'prus is suggestive that ' Much re in tins to conquer ere peace i bath its charms.' The possession of this island will enable England at any future tiue to take Russia in the' flank in Asia Minor, if Lnris Melikoff advances from Eizeroum to Broussa. By keening a stiong naval and military ' force at Cjprus and Malta, Stamboul is safe frcm Russian capture. In the mean time, Gbrtschakoff retires to Russia huimiliated, while merry and powerful Erjgland plays ' See the Conquering Hero Comes ' in honour of Earl Bea consfield. , ' ' j .- . A . CosornTKK meeting .of the School of Aria was held in the Council Chambers last Thursday afternoon. Several accounts were passed and the meeting closed. ? i. oehkbai. Committee meeting of the Dis trict Association will beheld in the Municipal Chi mbcrs next Tuesday afternoon. ??[ ? The District Court proceedings commenced last Wednesday and closed yesterday. |Much interest was taken in the impounding case of Greig vl Wallace, and in the libel case of Aniitago v. Sinclair. His Honor, during the lastl two conrts, we think has received the entire confidence of the public'for the careful, painstaking and patient manner in which, he dealt with the cases that came before him. We I were pleased to observe the legal ability of our [townsman Mr. P. H: Smith. Mr. Beddek, also] displayed much knowledge of the legal profession. ' The gentleman now 'called; to the ^-ar ' is the son of a known lawyer. He conducted his cases with much tact, general intelligence-and legal acumen, and have no douBt he will make headway as a barrister in this I colony, where legal talent' is \ tnnch wanted.' ' |-. TOb learn npon good authority that Mr. George Crawford, Crown Solicitor, will contest the next Bowen election against the present member Mr. Beor, *; . i ? . Ik consequence of the sittings of the Dis trict) Court demanding so much of our time this I week, our readers will please excuse the publication of our nsual budget of local and general naws until our next issue. '? Last Thursday tfej,mate of the Isabella recei-rod a serious accident by having his two legs jammed between the end of a plank and the ship's side. The legs, although not broken werej severely braised and we are glad to state that the patient is rapidly recovering. ' PilRTICOLAES of exhibits for the Brisbane exhibition must be sent in to Mr. Wills by 12 o'clock on Monday first, and the exhibits, must! be delivered at his office by noon on tho 12th of August, '? . . ; i Held over— Mackay Sketches, Kepbrt of Municipal Council, letters of Mr. McCready and klr. Amhurst, and the rest of the Dis trict iCourt report. . | We have 'ranch pleasure! in recommending the varied and delightful entertainment of the celebrated Lynch Family of bellringers, and judging from their performances for the last threejevenings in the Olympic Theatre, they deserve every support and patronage from the public' of Mackay. The Bellringers are artittei in ev try sense of the term. The rendering of well-tnovrn airs, such as 'Home, Sweet Horn i,' 'The Last Bose of Summer,' and 'Eiig the Bell, Watchman,' was a wonderful perfo -mance in producing such perfect sound and 1 ighly appreciative mnsic from a series of hand bells. The' imitation ,of village chimes, with their soft, melodious, and recollective sounds, gained the Lynch Troupe well-merited applraso. The bellrioging is a treat by itself, and we i cannot compliment the players too highly. jThe step dancing of Frank Verten was well: received, and .his rendering of several characteristic Irish and negro songs were excellent. The comic duets and trios woro capital 'hits' of thej evening. ! The farces of 'Dr. Brown's Dispensary,' 'Mr. Johnson;' and '[A/Ghost in' a Pawnshop ' were scream ing aaid extravagant, keeping the house in roars | of laughter each evening. We were glad to see the Lynch Troupe so well pat ronised, and as they make their last appearance this evening, we hopo to see a bumper house. At half-past 2 this afternoon, by request, the Company will give a special performance to schools and families. Im^osturk oh the Albert — The imitation of standard articles of medicinal nature is a favourite piece of rascality with scamps'who prey upon society. A new crop of medicinal fungi have ' mado their appearance — some of them imported, and all highly deloterious — which are intended as rivals or imitations of the wiorld-renowned Udolpho Wolve's Schie dam Aromatic RciiNArrs. Let the public be on ite! guard. (Advt.] ? Jlollowati'l Oinlmml and PUU.—Bui Logs. — Wlion from injury, feeblo circulation, foul bloodj or neglected chill, , inflammation, suc ceeded by nlceration, has. -attacked thelowor limbjj the sufferer may' turn for' a ? cure, without fear of disappointment, to Holloway's celebrated Ointment, whose' fame for' such disorders has resounded throughout the habit able globe, and testimonials in all languages navel boon received nnivorsally praisinR this celebrated Ointment. In all old easel. Hollo way's Pills should bo taken while his unguent is used ; both together are most effective, and the enre is accomplished painlessly and readily. Under their joint, curative influence the worst wounds or ulcers wane a more healthy character, and shortly begin to fill np. '' nin' tract and soundly beaL . 