EVENINGS AND MORNINGS IN THE BUSH. [At the Warden's.—The many virtues of the Wardens's wife, Mrs. Quartz, and how they were rewarded.—The localities of Norfolk Island.—The dead soon forgotten.—The dead system and the deaths it oansed.— The alarm and the suppression of the July riot.] MB. QUABTZ, the Warden of the Woolcumaurifer goldfields district, resided at Stanmore Hill. It was oalled Stanmore by the original' proprietor, who, when a boy, had lived on Stanmore, celebrated in the well known line, " Oft, too, on Stanmore's wintry waste!" From the house an extensive view of the country towards the west and south was presented to the eye. Towards the east the landscape was bleak and rugged in the centre foreground, and thinly dotted over with stonted sorub, whioh at last ended in a dense forest of blue gum, in traversing whioh yon felt that you were indeed in buahland with no immediate prospect of eyer getting ont of it. On this eastern side of Mr. Quartz's house, and at a very short distance from it, the land dipped suddenly down and formed a hollow or short valley of a furlong in length, and about half that epaoe in breadth. In this well-sheltered spot Mr. Quartz had laid out a garden, in which the useful prevailed over the ornamental. It was well stooked with froit trees and all manner of ;vegetables; and the plots in which these grew were bordered round with a profusion of flowers, the clay soil being kept from falling ont over the well- gravelled walks by long lines of board, eight inches high, and retained in their plaoe by strong pegs driven into the ground to a depth of two feet, a most serviceable edging for colonial flower-beds and gardens. A large tank had been dug in this hortioul. tnral dell, convenient to the house, from which an abundant supply of water wae obtainable in the dryest season. The main road from Woolonmaurifer to the townships afar off passed along the aide of Mr. Quartz's house and garden, affording easy access to all who came, whether at the oafi of friendship, formality or business. Mrs. Quartz was the worthy wife of the worthy Warden, so worthy as te be worthily called the better half of his conjugal personality. She possessed no end,of inestimable virtues, any one of which entitled her to a garter in the peerage of household pre-eminenoe. None of your flashy, tawdry, gaudy, butterfly virtues that vent their tinsel effeminaoy in eroohet, tatting, embroidery, Berlin-wooling, shell-basketing, scrap-booking, and suoh like fine lady (addles. No. But solid, wifely, kitchen-like, paste-pin virtues that made her house the happiest house in Woolonmaurifer. Do you call that nothing, my esteemed lady readers ? If you do, as I am on the look out for a wife, I'm not coming down your street, you may depend on it. First of all, Mrs. Quartz conld get on pleasantly with her servants, of whom there were three, besides a groom and the gardener. Getting on pleasantly with servants generally means getting on profitably. The smashing of a pie-dish, or the mysterious fracture of a basin, or the unexplained disappearance of egg oups, china sauoets, plates, brushes, towels, and the breaking of forks were events of rare occurrence in her culinary department. As for the loss of a silver spoon, that was a misfortune that had never befallen her pantry. This was all the more satisfactory because Mrs. Qnartz's stock of plate was the most valuable, as it was the most resplendent, in Woolonmaurifer. It is true sbe oould not vie with the Duke of Norfolk in thiB article of luxurious furniture. His Graoe's plate would load a hay waggon, and take t wo of Gninness's dray horses to draw it, and the money value of the load would be over £40,000. Mrs. Quartz's whole stock oould be paoked in one large trunk, and was not worth more than £2000. But it was fine oldfashioned plate, exoept the spoons, which were "King's pattern," and gilt inlaid. Mrs. Quartz was quietly proud of her plate for more reasons than one. It was the gift of her grandmother, who was the danghter of a peer of the realm, and eorne of it had glittered on the tables of aristocracy, and some of it had glittered at a banquet served np for a royal guest. So a family tradition said. Four,spoons, a fork, silverimug, and a plate were marked with a email- cross within a «irole, and were said to have beennsed by William " the pious, the glorious, and the immortal" butoher of Glenooe, at the repast provided for bini after winning the battle of the Boyne. These artioles .were {tailed " King William's," and were only shown as sacred relios. Mrs. Quartz's. plate was also the best oleaned plate in Woolonmaurifer. Jt was given ont of love to her as a dear young granddaughter, the first grandchild and the last. But along with the plate was given, ont of love for the plate as insignia of the family grandeur, a recipe tor cleaning it, and Mrs. Quartz's plate outshone all the plate in the township when laid-ont on one of her fineBt damask,tablecloths, with a scarlet undercloth beneath to give softness and warmth to the upper covering. The Warden was far from being therichest of tha heads of houses ihWooloumaurifer. But he had a- wife with virtues tliat enabl^rhim l^) «pj<)y lile at his own table , with Bucheiwell sustained and', enjoyable dieltary that, when the sofa'i^as wheeled round to the fire after a winter day'* dinner, he would take his seat beside her, and gratefnlly patting his arm round her neck, be would jjive. her a kiss, saying, By Jove, old girl, yon are the very beat wife in fbe Sontoem^eMffik®,?®.* c and as there wasno other wife present to dispute the flattering declaration, I believe Mr. Quartz really spoke as he thought, tjhe had, as yon, my esteemed lady reader, will see, a great natural grace," a gastronomic virtue, which she did not hide under a bushel, but displayed it all over her ovens, and stewpans, and her .spit, . and her kitohen grate, and her cooking fire, and she had her reward. She [wot a cook, bnt you would err if you supposed - that she drudged at the kitchen- table, and then oame in to table with a half-roasted faoe, a fatigued look, and a little extra pepper in her temper. No, my lovely lady reader; no. She was an excellent eook; but she didn't do the oooking; she only suggested, and inspired, and managed the cooking. In this she took a real pleasure. She didn't give np her kitchen to a oookmaid as if she had assigned it over to that (too often) imperious personage. She oame into her kitchen as freely as into her own bedroom; yet she got on with her assistant quite oh&e.rily.;>£nd> as a consequence, the dinnervwas well cooked 360 £ays fn,the year'ont of$65. Can jou,'my,ihosti beautiful lady reader, itay as* as 'much lor your year and its-dinners. , Another virtue Mrs. Quartz was endowed with' in—I am. both ashamed , and sorry.to ,ggy~an unuB,nal degree: she. was a deadly enemy to cold meat. iThe ghost of a ' grim,, scrag of mntyon never stared in its bony horribleness at . her hungry husband. No,,amount of,washing was .ever pleaded for-offering, a cold mpat dinner to her liege .lord, whom .she had not onlypromised to-love, but,.^hat/is fifty times harder, to obey. The bare ,ribs,, or the, jagged brisket, or the gashed and mangled leg of mutton with the white sinews protruding, at the bared joint, jfere sins that were 'never committed in. Mrs. Quartz's menage, and do you know what reward:she had? Mrs. Verdict,;-the.Police Magistrate's wife,-was saying to her one,day, "lam ashamed, to call on ;yon, denrjMrf, Quartz, in this wretched'old sh^wl and bonnet. , I never can get a ahillingfrom Mr. Yerdict to keep me in anything like decent trim." " Well," said Mrs. Quartz, " I never ask Mr; Quartz for a shilling to buy bonnets or, shawls. He brings them home to,me without,asking;" '! Oh, you witch, you enchantress," exclaimed Mrs. Verdict; "how eyer-do you manage your superior animal?" " I never set him down to a cold dinner 1" replied Mrs. Quartz, leaning over to Mrs. Verdiot, and pretending to speak in a whisper, as if she was communicating a great secret. .Now at the Polioe Magistrate's there was cold beef on Mondays, cold shoulder of mutton on, Wednesdays, and oold legs and other giblets of fowl on Fridays. How could her grateful and adoring " brute" ever dream of bringing her home a duck of a new bonnet. Mrs. Quartz's grandmamma, the Earl's, daughter, once said to ber, when sbe was spending:the Christmas holidays with her, " My very dear grandchild, listen to -me ;and remember what I Bay when you are a woman and'have an establishment of your own. There are three books that ought to be in eVery house, if the people who live in it intend to be happy here and to go to heaven hereafter: first a Bible, next a prayer-book, and along with these a cookery-jsook." iAnd Mrs. Quartz did remember, and made up her mind then and there that she would be happy here and go to heaven hereafter. " To,be happy here," said her grandmamma, "you nuut be in good health and good spirits. But it is impossible to be in good health and good spirits if you have to eat coarse iood, oold meat and other refuse. The medical art I honour because it ouresjdiseases, but I hold the art of good cookery in equal estimation because it prevents diseases, by giving you palatable, well-dressed, appetising food.'' Such was the lesson Mrs. Quartz learned from : her ."grandmamma, who had been a student in the cuisine of an earl's mansion in.the olden time. -She took Relight in the science of roast beef, and Mrs. Quartz inherited her .grandmamma's love of sirloining. Her-soups and sauces, and salads and salnics, testified to her industry and patienoe inordinary problems. Her risolettes, ^her quesnelles, her lemon oinelets, her Spanish cream for Sultana pudding, her strawberry souffle, her pattieB, ,her colored eel, but above all, her braised turkey surpassed Mrs. Hooper. Everyone who knows Jaok, Horner will also know the Mells Abbey, rhyme:— "Turkey boiled " Is turkey spoiled ; " Turkey roast " Is turkey lost; " Bat for turkey braised, " The Lord be praised." If anyone ever wanted a sapid excuse for committing the sin fit gluttony, it: was supplied in a plate'of'Mrs! Quartz's braised turkey. Mrs. Quartz had another virtue. She went out , twice .a, wepk. ^inspect her vegetable garden: 'She looked a<t her parsley beds, her thyme, her sage, her ahalnts, her endive, her lettuce, her marjoram, her oelery, her , marro wtatB,, and - melons and' cucumbers ; and : thos .<s}ie, ^iways knew what stock of Tgardpn jprMnoe she had to come «nd go on, .^pfJ. oould never: be put oft >y BOjJtW pretences with whioh ®??srsity or : surliness, jyUljojofftS^gw' their master's allowance c«;,#|greWl3S l 4 I • J^s. Quartz knew^h^Muiiti^rflenfls well as the gardenwl ai$ J»f £HW*ltaole oould never! S n S t , iadtuM**" berreward. Early.fchi tjae m S m ^ S I ^ t ^ u I 2? aartz bad ordered the fautttiUsft ***** and took Mr. Boverai long ride through the goldfields, ana did ^ return until evsning. Meantime Quartz had been puttingfforth all u' resources to prepare a dinner fit fnr * who like herself, had rambled thi^ the lemon groves of Norfolk i aW The sound of the name awakened aw** hone and oaused her psychic emoMr she could not suppress, and for aa,(Z 0l ! B have been there was to become a &»t . brother. Dinner was on the table in I t 01 minutes after the gentlemen came hnl! W and the ride had whetted their annelS 9 ' It was not a big dinner. Mrs. Quartz was iS good an artist to commit such a mistat. M that. It wag a small dinner, in stvla French than English. The dishes werfw loaded with enormous piles of beef. Bnt ti? variety and composition made up for and, ab ovo ad malum, it was a perfect successful dinner. Two hours and a h u glided away imperceptibly at table, dnSt which time Mrs. Quartz had traversed! vivid imagination all the looalitieT S Norfolk Island. She recollected a earri^ ball given by the officers of the -oth ^S another by the officers of the —6th fieri ments. She reoollected the ballroom inth. garrison, and how on one occasion as as 45 guests—naval, military and civil ii their respective uniforms—sat down to BCDM! in a room decorated with flags and tern fronds twonty feet long, and oleander boneh? She retneniberea how her lather, after £ ball was over,, had walked out with har through the garrison gate in the soft glow 0f the fall moon, and turned up towards the burial-ground. She remembered the delicions sensation of passing from the heat of tha ballroom—from the gay soene—from the music and the singing—from the animation of the living—to gaze in the moonlight on the resting-place of the dead. On fhev walked, along the Settlement road almoBt in silence, past the dwellings of the chaplain, the superintendents, and the polioe magistrates, until they entered the black shadow oast aoross the road by the olifi that rose np oh the right. Three hundred feet, or more, it rose, While on'the .left the ground gradually sank lower and lower, so that when one reaohed the burial-place, by turning round and looking down, every grave in the oemetery could be seen in the clear light of the resplendent moon. The burial-ground lies in the angle formed by the Settlement road and the sea. It is enclosed with a Ion pine-wood fence, some 400 yards long by 200 wide. A low gate at the west end leads into the place of tombs, and a broad pathway leads the visitor on to the extreme, end, About half way on, another pathway crosses the ground and divides it into two parts, ono for the convicts and one for the officials and their families. The fence is planted round with a hedge of scarlet flowering geraniumsj which relieves or conoals the rude! And weather-worn wood-work of the fenoe. As Mrs. Quartz, then a yonng girl of 14, stood with ber father on'the bank or roadside, over the solitary spot, no contrast oould well be stronger than tbat between the merry ballroom they had left and the saene around them.' Close behind them stood the cliff, whose shadow fell upon the road like a broad web of crape spread upon the illumined ground. From the Flagstaff Hill, all round to the end of the burial-gronod, rolled and foamed and roared the wares upon the reef, and the white Euri lay like a broad snow-wreath along the whole front of the silent moonlit settlement dashing np, with its abrupt, fierce rash, quite close to the graves of the mouldering dead. " My father pointed out to me," said Mrs. Quartz, "thirteen small mounds side by side cm the left hand side of the path as one enters the lone oemeteiy Under these thirteen little moands, my father said, lay the remains of thirteen men who had all ' been hanged at one execution for mutiny. Next to these were four heap* somewhat larger than the thirteen, and nnder these were buried four men, who had also been hanged; About 50 of these small mounds could be' counted almost at our feet, all graves of inen who had been hanged. Then he poiiited to the little heaps close » the pathway on the side next ths sea, sod there He pointed out twelve graves dog lor twelve men who aleo had been hanged atone execution. About 100 more were IhegraveB of convicts who haddied in tbe hospital, and 01 some who had been murdered, and some wno had been drowned, and one or two naom committed suioide. Then, turning to tne " offioers' side," my father pointed ont we tombs of Mrs. D- and of the hon. M* P_, wife of the hon. Mr. P-, a/towards Earl of Limerick. In the centre stood tM mausoleum of the hon. Capta.n had been accidentally drowned. ^ this was that of James LeaM. " young man, a native.of Birmrngbwa. & of a gentle, fanatical ipint, and having heard that» • convicts at Norfolk Island destitute of spiritual consolation, W * friends and home to go and.wag r » them. He did not long survive bis at Norfolk Island, and his the murdered and the hanged and the cast deadin the settlement b ^ f ^ ^ " My-love," said Mr. Q ^ f S lnc me melancholy with your mooim* Z t H o that dreadful graveyard, I haven't finished my dinneiMM* George," she said, " I didn't come to table to-day to eat, I oame to JaiK. * to talk to' Mr.-Bover atorii Norfolk Do be a good boy and pluck op yonrcow^; for ! have a ghost stotf to Ml Eover laughed,- and said, ">ted J^W, ^ •tdod-on that bank, nver tbe W - g ^ n . aV'Norfolk Jxiand,' in « S light, and at the-midnight ^^/.f^Wnt Mrs. Quartz, after a baU_gven by JJ officers or (Oie «aliant —th. \- T„ gBia Mr. Quartz, I think it's a * / S th»t we hare no Norfolk Island C t BO conviots. Tbe transportation B °*' £ dead" "Yes," said Mr. Bover, already »l®° Bt forgotten, like dead T fear it i» too Boon forgotten." i/thatf" asked Mr. Quartz. "In xepUed Mr. Bover. "that we Tet fully learned the lesson it ^Jht to have taught nB Tthe true prin- "f prisoner and prison discipline.'' Sen I was a girl at Norfolk Island," said « Quarts " I heard Captain Maconoobie day at a picnic in the new garden at SLade tbat your priBon discipline wonld 5?vm be put right if the evils of it were kept .if sieht" "Do you remember the ree' in that garden?" inquired Mr. XL " Ye«," said Mrs. Quartz, "I have « 97 people sit ronnd the table in the " L of that tree." " It was Mrs. Maconoft 'trie,' I think," said Mr. Bover. replied Mrs. Quartz, "and her -.rden- but Orange Vale was the scemo Srn Of the island, though Bird Island, wind Cascade Station and the rook „Sh wouW have pleased Salvator better." uRbepberd's Gully, Steel's Point, and the mine leading up Mount Pitt were pietnram in their way," observed Mr. Bover. ii bat Cascade is . more imprinted in my mental P»8® tban an tbe looftlitie 7 B - I' « g at Cascade I received the alarming message that the 800 conviots on the Settlement bad broken out in tumultuous fury on tbeir officers, and were murdering all before them. 13TH August, 1878. „ PBUXKISB. 