Melbourne. (from our .own oorrespondent.) . ( Wednesday evenine. '; ' A proposal has been made which will astonish oticketers.- Itis no less 'than' that an eleven should be formed at onoe to make a tour through the' colonies',' and 'challenge our present 'repre sentatives in, Europe as soon as they return 'to Melbourno, and alBO odmnete with anv Enclisli team, 'that may . ba, aeut out.' . The eleven named are ,Evaos, Ooatoa; Nad Gregory, Nat Thomp son,'. . Sheridan, for New South Wales, and Kelly,' Kendall, Robertson, D. Campbell, Alexander and Elliott- for Victoria. There . is np doqbt. but that if these would all. pluy they would, make.the result, much Gloser than most of .the English teams have, when contesting with " Oar.. Boys,"; but - I oan. hardly imagine tliey could win. Still very few people here, imagined that ;our teams, would have a , march, through England, and with -Evans and Ooates at the crease it is hard -to prophecy- until the numbers! are up. : - The' matter is now-undef negotiation,; Evans is considaring tho proposal, -and? it is ; quite possible /that more will be heard of 'it.'; - j < A deputation waited to-day on the Minister! of Railways relative, to .a; rtimdnr that seemed- to have foundation td' the effect that' Mr Woods intended' to take bite line of rails between Balla-; rat, and Geelong and apply the rails to theGippa-: land " and other -hew lines." The deputation (wanted ,"an/ assurance that Mr .Woods, hitid no! snob intenlioh, "but his remarks led to the oon-r olusion that he; had determined.upon the step,: and , will assuredly, carry, it ont unless roBtrainod: by other Imembers.of the Cabinet ; for he; holds; that three times the. amount of the present (traffic between . Ballarat and Geelong could', be: carried on a single line.' . - i .1 : ' \- The man- Peters, obarged; with criminally as-! saultirig" his step- daughter, was to-duy.committed: for, trial at the next General Sessions. Iu the- 'base of 'William Hurst; forforgery and uttering, I the. Judge's summiog up ..has been' postponed! until' tb-'ntorrbw. ' '' . . '" One' of this funnieatAtories ia 'oonnectibh with; spiritualism, whioh has ome to my knowledge,: struok my appreciative consciousness' the other; day. Soma tima ainca a lady, the highly-ea-; teemed wife of ope of, our., wealthieBt merchants, died, and waa' buried with cuBtbmary belebra-j tioD. According to the spiritists the diaembodi-; ment-, tHis lady, which haunts " the fourth; dimehsioh iD apaae,"'is' possessed of (a jreairning desire to aommunicate with ber busbau'd, and- convert hipe to the ", terewth." . She, has accor dingly communicated with a modium residing in a cottage on Oollingwood Flat, and pester' every-' body who attends this medium's, seances to con vey her mssaages to her spouse who may be de signated by the initial "G." The husband is, however, a aooffer at apirituaHstio-fanoies,' 'and if he is told of the oiroumatanooa will probably be greatly indignant at being worried > by them. But what I want to poiut.out is that, this raising of very "immaterial ghosts "is - bedritiibg a nui- aanoe. v.There ar'e plenty bf.husbands, aye and wives, tod;'wHo are too glad to get their defunat spouses under cover', ; and who even go' to the ad ditional expense of putting a good sized stone over them tb - keep thoin- quiet. Spiritual espionage of otir most private aotiouB is positively indeoent, and ought to - be? protested ( againBt; The lesven is euteriug into nil our: relations, for I notioe that even hard-headed editors apeak of death now as "peacefully orossibgtbo border..' If -this sort of persecution goes .on, married people, will have to ignore this " fourth dikon- siob," and 'petition 'the "Legislature,- tb':: make three e'latutery as being quite enough-fof .them, 1 We koow that a Liberal Government candp'any- thing. . ... , , ; i 1 The '.Hodgson . v .Hodgson: case . oarae; '. before "the Supreme Ooiift again to-day. Mr Wise'-'j would, ahd 'Mr Gibbs, his -partner, were ex amined, and fiom the former's evidenoe it ap- peared'that he ' was not aware of the petitioner's oondo, nation of the alleged cruelties,, and that his advice to'separate herself from'ber husband was .given .without knowledge that she had re sumed cohabitation. "Vyith rsBpedt to horrais-. in'g money to provide for her maintenance, he stated that he had directed her to act upon her own discretion, but had given her a letter of iutroduotiou to Messrs Bennett and Hollqway, for which she could purohaso goods to procure means of maintenance. Ho pointed out that it was upon tho respondent's Insistanoo that the case was proceeded with under the biroum-' stances. The court adopted the view that Mrs Hodgson was unworthy of credit, and had ..mis led hor proctor, and said that the respondent wbb responsible ior forcing on the, suit, and awarded oosts against hint. Mr Justice, Barry read Mrs Hodgson a leoture, and hoped,, she would - return to hor domestic duties jn an im proved spirit. A death has taken place to-day, whioh has removed one of our earliest barristers into -an other sphere. I refer to Mr W..Rsineyl: who has passed away fully composed, and in the company of eeveral sincere friends. Tho de ceased gentleman was well known as a pleader at Ballarat as early aa 1852, and prosecuted his profession in that distriot For many yoars.' The disposition bf his prbperty, whioh is stated not to be so valuable , bb generally supposed, is hot yet known, but I have hoard that he has not forgotten a few old associates and members of the legal profession, one!of whom holds a judioial position, and the others a're engage'd! at; the: Kar. At the requests of tho mayor of Ballarat 'East and Mr W. Soolt," J.P., one of the .oommittee of the Ballarat East Publio. Library, the PoaN master-General decided to-day to appoint o'tele- grsph operator for that town,, providing a room wab- set apart for his tise in the library" building!;. This was promised by the mayor and Mr Scott," ahd under those circumetanoes Mr PatterBoh ex pressed his /willingness to qbrnply, with the ie-, quest. An office therefore will be ppened!,88 early a date as possible. ; . . . ! i . j , . Mr Long, .the mayor of Ballarat, East,, drew the attention of the bottotirable' the Miniate): of Railways to-day to the'destrability-of'iisutng free passes to the forthcoming National Agricul tural Show at Geelong on' the same prinoipie as they were, formerly granted to person desirot) of attending Yhe , Juvenile', Industrial Exhibillbti, at .Ballarat, but wlthout guarahtea aa to hum-. ber. - He advoqated thiB course bs tending' to eduoato .the juveniles.;., The . mayor of'BallafaV West, and MrOonnor, the president of the Ge'e- long'Agrioultural Sooiety, supported the applica tion, as ' also did Messrs Ince -and GarretL Mr Woods-- said that-' the reduotion granted to-: visit' the Ballarat' juvenile exhibition- had not been profitable, the expenses, absorbing ninety per oent. of the receipts, add1 th'at1 as Bteward of the publio, purse he oquld'not .grant .suoh. oon- ce8si'o'nB,for'ahagribaltufal'shb'w;'aa he "did for the industrial exhibition, (but if a certain num ber was guaranteed' hh'wbuld'treat liberally as to fares. ..'With this UudeVsta'ndihg the.-doputa- tion withdrew. f The Land Tax Commission sat again to-day, but only for/a-fe.w,- hours;/ .-Thejoommisai6n.de- bided'to-day agaiust-Mr A. :S. (Murray.'a.app'eal,' with L30. oosts. .. . The . appoql of , Mr J. R. M.'PherBqn. true'teb'of 'the late'William Robert- soniOifiOS aeres;!Hrdt'''olaBS,' oounty. of 'Dundss, was next entertained.---- No- decision was given, it being reserved fbFlhbi production, if the ap pellants considered itadvisable,of furtherbooks- anddooumenta to auppoiktheir appeal. Evidenoe Was theb given in the appeal' bf 'John? RusSell M'Pherson, 4054 aerei, first olsb,-icounty of Dundas. Decision reserved. dommerbial.-Bteadstitffsi Are Btfengthenibg" in price. Flour is' still ' held'j 'firm at from L10 16s tb Ll6 l7s 6d. 1 Wheat;;53 3d to5a-4d j oats,- ,5s to '5s 3d for feeding aud milling aotts ; maize, 'sales Bv'to 6s Id." ;7 