THE DANDY FIFTH. [liv Frank H. Garbaway.] 'Twas tl-e time of the workingmen's great strike, When nil the lnnd stood still, An the sudden roar from the hnngry mouthj That labor could riot 611 ; Whon tho thunder of tlis rallroodi ceased, And stAiiled towns could spy A hundred blazing fnctories Painting each midnight alcy. Through Philadolphia's surging streets Marched tho brown ranta of toil, Tho grimy legions of tho shops, The tillers of tho soil ; White-faced militia-men loolced on. While women shrank with dread j Ttvas limsclo against money then — \- 'Thm riches against broad. Onoe, as the mighty mob tramped on, A carriage stopped the way, tjpon the ulkon seats of which A young pstricanlay, And as, with haughty glance, ho swept Along th» jeering crowd, A whifo-lmirad blacksmith in the ranks Took off his oap and bowed. That night tho Lnlmr League witt mot, Ami soon -the charrman said, ' There hides a Judas in our midat, One man who bows his head, Who bonds tho coward's servile knee Whon capital rolls by.' 'Down with him! Kill the traitor cur!' Rang out the savage cry. TJproBo the blacksmith then and held Erect IiIb head of grey, ' I nm no traitor, though I bowed To a rich man's son to-day, And though you kill ino as I stand — As liko you mean to do, I want to tell you a story short, And I ask you'll hoar me through : ' 1 was one of thoso who enlisted nrsc The Old Flag to defend, With Pope and Halleck, irith - Mac ' and Grant I followed it to the ond ; And 'twos somewhere down on the Rnpidan When the 'Union cause looked drear, That a regiment of rich young bloods Came down to us from 'here. ' Their uniforms wore by tailors out, Thoy brought hampers of good wino, And every Bquad had a nigger too To koop their boots in shme ; They'd nought to say to us dusty vets, And through tho whole brisado We called them the kid-glovod Dandy Fifth Whon we passed them on parade. ' Well, thoy were sent to hold a fort Tho Bobs, tried hard to take, 'Twas the key to all our line, whioh nought While it hold out could break, But a fearful fight wo lost just then, Tho reserve camu up too into, And on that fort, and tho Dandy Fifth, 'Throe thnos wo tried to take them aid, And each time book wo fell, Though onoo we could hear tho fort's for guns Boom like a, funeral knelt. Till at length Joe Hooker's corps came up, And then straight through wo broko ; How wo cheered as wo saw those dandy icoats Still back of. tho drifting smoke ' Witli tho bands all front and our colors Bpread We fiwiinned up the parapot, But thu sight that silenced our welcome shout I shall never in life forgot. Four days before had their water gone — Thoy had dreaded that tho most— The next their lost scant ration went, And each man looked a ghost. ' As ho stood gaunt-eyed behind his gun, Like a crippled stag at bay, And watched starvation — though not de feat- Drow nearer every day. Of all the Fifth, not foursooro men Could in their places stand, And their white lips told a fearful tale As we grasped ooch bloodless hand. ?? xno rest in tne stupor ot lamine lay, Save hero — and then; — a foif In death sat rigid against the guns, Grim sentinels in blue ; And their colonel, ho could not speak or stir, . But we saw bis proud eye thrill As he simply glanced to the shot-scarred staff. Where the old flag floated still ! ' Now, I hate the tyrants who grind us down, While the wolf snarls at our door, And the men who've risen from ua — to laugh At tho misery of the poor ; But I tell you, mates, while this weak old hand I have left the strength to lift, It will touch my cap to the proudest swell, Who fought in the Dandy Fifth !' \- S. F. News Letter. The Bev. W. B. Clarke, the emi nent geologist, has been stricken by paralysis, and lies in a critical state. In the .Jydney District Court the other day, a verdict for £5 damages was given against a man for kissing a publican's wife. The action was for assault and slander. A resident at Carcoar lias entered n libel action ogainst the local piper [or . tnling that 'he was elected president of a temperance ruociinp.' Compressed paper is now being nsed experimentally in America for wheels of locomotive engines, and so far ownrers admir.'biy. The nlver mines of Cerro dp Panto in IVru Mince their .liwivery in 1C82 have yielded silver to the value of 1U0 millions sloi'liug. 