OUTRAGE ON A CHILD. A bestial creature in the guise of a man, named Walter Mathews, giving his occupa tion as that of a laborer, was brought up on remand in Melbourne on Tuesday last, charged with having committed a criminal assault upon a child named Florence Nicks, nine and a half years old. The particulars of the case, as disclosed by the witnessess for the prosecution, are more than ordinarily atrocious, and if the charge is sheeted home to the accused in the higher court, the utmost punishment which the law can inflict will be scarcely commensurate with "the crime, which has been the means of not only ruining a young and innocent life, but has also inflicted a fearful disease upon her. The court was cleared during the hearing of the case, and of course the particulars, as elicited at the investigation, are totally unlit for publication. It appeared the girl is the daughter of a restaurantenr, carrying on business in Elizabeth street, and the prisoner wah a boarder and lodger in the house, On the afternoon of the 4th inst, the girl Florence was sent by her mother to deliver Home clean linen belonging to one of the lodgers in the room occupied conjointly by the prisoner and a man named Clarke. The girl, an intelligent little thing, minutely detailed to the bench the outrage committed by the prisoner, who .however did not wholly effect his fiendish purpose. Some few days after the outrage was committed Mrs Nicks had evidence thatthechild's health as bad, ancjtook her to DrGould'shonse, but not finding him at home she reported the matter at tiie police barracks, and the girl then afain accused the prisoner of having assaulted her, and a warrant having been applied for, Matthews was arrested by plain - clothes patrol Edroond Davis. For some inexplicable reason or the other,_ the police advised Mis Nicks not to allow her daughter to be attended by a medical man, and it was not until about the 18th inst, or some fortnight after the assault was committed, that Dr Gould was called in. These facts were deposed to on last Tuesday, when the pritoner was brought before the City Bench, and the magistrates, after hearing the evidence of Drs M'Crae, Sides, and Gould, who stated that the girl was suffering from a chronic and abhorrent disease, directed that she should be taken to the hospital, in which institution she still remainsjas an inpatient. (This morning thes bench, winch was presided over by hir Worrh<p the Mayor, committed the prisonefor trial at the next Central Criminal Ses sion. MrTurnerappeared tor Matthews, and applied for bail, which was allowed in two Beetles of £500 each. The prisoner was locked op in default. A St Petsrsburgh telegram in the New Tori Herald says:—" On April 8 General • Schnerigieff waa ordered to St Petersbnig for a conference with the Emperor and military council. On the following day he was despatched to Central Asia by forced| conveyance.- He is nnderstoodto have received a commission to go to Hie Cossacks, raise a large body of cavalry, and obtain recrmte in "the?"various brandies of .the army as he advanced towards the border of British India, for the purpose of invading it as soon as „„ would be declared. He is reported to be wdlacqnainted with Asia, and is expected t„ ^ter Northern India by way of the Pan ^^bperaons at BsBaiat hare, it appears, been mnnsonk themselves by playiag ghosts. On^Thursday night a little giri was so seriously frightenS that she was nearly IfiSitofite., The police have been put : npon ihe tradc of the oflFenders. ^is^dttatflieGoven.or of New South \- Wales has been offered a very important posiiM*Keaalias'lieaiijnaffin^BUtdi* n ' *««™mmcesIiiB 