A NEWSPAPER FILE. It was two days after Aunt Prisciila's funeral, and Sue and I were sitting together by the kitchen fire, with that hash over onr spirits still which follows a death and a burial. All the afternoon we had been busy in getting the house to rights, not meddling yet with the things which had been hers, and were now oars, bat by dint of open windows, snnshine, ?nd furniture dusted and re-arranged, trying to restore to the rooms that familiar look which they had lost during these weeks of anxiety and tronble. A few days more, and we must face a ftiture which was fall of terrors. Meanwhile custom as well as inclination accorded a brief respite in which to think of her who was gone, and of each other, with the clinging fondness of those whose lives, never before parted, were aboat to separate. Sue eat on a low stool, her head against the chimney jamb. It was the chimney of Aunt Priscilla's youth ; she never would alter it — one of the wide old-fashioned kind, with pot-hooks, and blazing logs, and a bake oven at one side. The soot-blackened bricks and faint red glow made a background for my sister' a head, with its great twist of fair hair, and Iily4ike slender throat. Sue is very pretty, prettier than anybody I ever saw. I recollect a picture as I looked at her — a pic ture of Cinderella sitting in such an attitude by the chimneyeide. She was equally pie turesque at that moment; so far as looks go, equally worthy of a prince ; hut alas ! no Tflirir «rn^*mntliAr vrna IiItoItt tn amnvfu f*nm m»u^ gwu-iuwituu won jmvtty «^j *5Uld t£G liuiu the appleroom for her benefit. Aunt Pris, who in a small way had enacted that part to wards us, was gone, and her big rocking-chair, which we had no heart to sit in, swung empty in its accustomed place, type of a like emptiness which we were conpcious of in other things, and -rould feel for a long time to come. Neither of us spoke for a while.. We were tired and spiritless, and John SUde was com ing presently to talk over things, so we saved our words. Dr. Siade — John — was Sue's 'over. Their poor little engagement had been formed two years ago. How many years i* was likely to last, nobody could guess ; but t*»ey hejd to it bravely, and were content to wait. Pretty soon, as we eat waiting, his step mounded without, on the gravel, and with a little tap — courteous but unnecessary, for the door was never locked — he entered, gave Sue. a gentle kiss, me another, and sat down between us in aunty's rocking chair. It was a comfort to have him do that. The house seemed less forlorn at once. *' Well children, how has the day gone ?' he asked. ' Pretty well,' replied Sue. ' We have been busy, and are tired to-night, I think. . I'm glad you are wme, John dear. We ar getting lonely and dismal, Cree and L' Lucretia is my name ; but Sue and Aunt Priscilla always call me ' Cree.' John adjusted a stick on the embers, and with one daring poke pent a tongue of bright flame upward before he answered. Then he took Sue's, hand in his broad palm, and pat ting it gently, said, 'Now let's talk over matters. We ought to decide what we are to do, we three.' That ' three' was very comforting' to me, hut John always is a comfort. He was made so, Aunt Pris said. And he certainly carries out the purpose of his creation. ' Did your aunt leave any will ?' he went i on. ' Only this ;' and I brought from between the leaves of the big Bible, where we had found it, a half sheet of note-paper, on which dear aunvy had stated in her own simple form, that she left all she had to be equally divided between her nieces, Susan and jjucr-3ii» i euucMcr. oqmre xacKara s name and Sarah Brackett's, our old washerwoman, were written below as witnesses). 'Very well,' aaid John. 'That's quite good in law I fancy; or, if not, you are the pearest relations, and it's vours anyrav. What property did vour aunt own besides this home?' r -* ' She had an annuity of £50 a year, and £10 more from some stock. That's all except the house and furniture, and there is a mortgage of. £60 on that. Squire Packard holds it. The annuity stops now, dosen't it' John looked as though he wanted to whistle, bat refrained. ' Your aunt was a clever manager,', he said— tla capital manager. She made a very little go a great way, didn't hhe? I don't know any one else who eould live so nicely on £60 a tear, with morgaged interest taken out. You hare always seemed cozy and comfort able*' 'We always hare been. Bat we had a garden, you know, and the cow that gave us. two-thirds 'of our living. Aunty was a wonderful. housekeeper, though, isn't it a great deal cheaper to feed women than men? she always said ^ol' ' ?'? *' I* suppose it IB, ? Men sre carnivorous. A diet of tea andjregetables don't suit them Very well; thojrAre apt 4o grumble ^for something more solid. Well, my d,ear girls, our sum-, ming up isn't very satisfactory. Even with out She mortgage; you couldn't live on ten pounds a year.' 'No. And I've /Keen thinking what we could do. So bae Cree, though we haven't spoken to each other about it. I mi^ht teach pi district school perhaps. And Cree — ' ?' I could Jake a place as plain cook. There , htft anything eke I can do so well, Plain cooking, with dripping and -soap-fat by way of perquisites ;' and I gave a laugh which was meant to he merry. 'It is hard,' said John, with a moody look on his face, which was foreign to its usual frank brightness. ' How much a little money would sometimes do for people who can't get it, and how little it is worth to other people who fling it away without a thought of its value ! Two hundred and fifty pounds now ! Any rich man would consider it a mere bagetelle in his expenses ; but if I could command the sum it would make us three comfortable for life.' ' How do you mean ? What would you do with £250 if you had it, John ?' ' I'll tell you. Langworthy is going to sell his pracfice.' ' Oh !' ' It is a large practice for the country, you know. It brings him in £100 or £200 a year — sometimes more. He has a chance to go into partnership with his brother out West somewhere, and he'll sell for £250.' ' But, John, some people like you better than they do Dr. Langworthy.' ' Tes, some people do. But the question is, will they like me better than the ether man who buys Dr. Langworthy out? If I was that man I should command both practices. It is a chance, don't you see ? But a new man coming in has his chance to cut me out.' ' I see. What can be done ?' ' Nothing,' with a rueful laugh. ' That's the worst of it. I can only keep on and hope for the best. But it is hard, when with this miserable £250 I could double my chances and make a nice home for you two. Sue, darling, don't cry.' She had laid her cheek down on his arm, but she wasn't crying, only looking sadly into the fire. 'If we sold everything, all this which aunty left us — the. home, everything — couldn't we get the £250?' I asked, desperately. John shook his head. ' I couldn't let you do that Cree, in any case. You'll want your share some day for yourself; it mustn't go into buying a practice for me. But, apart from that, houses sell so badly now that this wouldn't realise much over the value of the mortgage at a forced sale ; and the furniture, though worth a good deal to keep, would go for nothing at an auc-ion. That plan wouldn't do at all for any of us.' ' Still, there's no harm in thinking about it, and seeing what we have, and what it's worth,' I urged, loath to give up the ghost of a chance. ' We may do that, mayn't we, John ?' ' Of course. That, is a thin? you must do sooner or later. Look over the house, and make a list carefully, and we'll consult and fix on approximate values. Don't hurry about it, though. Next week is time enough, and I know you need rest.' ' Rest is the very thing I don't need and can't take,' I cried, impetuously. ' Some thing to fill up the long days and keep us from thinking, and getting blue is what we want. We'll make the list to-morrow, John.' A little more talk, and he Tose to go. II Tl»^l TrrtM otnh «fr tVia YMMsf -MrnAa T.^rlTl f- ' Yes. ' There was nothing for you.' 'Not even the Intelligencer T' asked Sue, lanquidly. ' I forgot to tell you. There has been a great fire, and the Intelligencer is burned out. Abner brought the news over : it was telegraphed to the station. They say the building is a total loss, so I suppose there won't be any publication for a while — some days at least.' 41 Poor aunty ! how sorry she would be !'' sighed Sue. ' Aunty took the paper ever since it began, forty-five years ago. She never missed a number. There it all is, up stairs — stacks and stacks of it. She was so proud of her. file. It's no use at all now, I suppose, is it, John ?' ' The ragman will give threepence a pound for it,' I suggested. ' That's something.' *' We'll weigh the lot one of these days, and see what we can realise,' said John. ' Good night, children.' It was a ghostly task which we set out to do next day. The past itself, the faint, fragmentary past, seems to be wrapped up and enclosed in those bundles of time-worn articles with which elderly people encumber their storerooms and closet shelves. Some air of antiquity exhales as you open them, and mingling with our modern air, produces an impression half laughable half sad. Aunt Priseilla had been a. born collector. She she loved old things, because they were old, The furniture, though neat and whole, was of the plainest. Even our unpractised eyes could see its lack of value. Our list was a very Bhort one, A few chairs and tables, a dozen thin spoons, and a small teapot in silver the huge newspaper heap which I had apprai sed at threepence the pound — these seemed the only saleable things ; and we looked comic ally and grimly into each other's faces as we set them down. 'I wish it. were possible to. eat Intel tingencersy said I. ' They Bay newspapers make excellent counterpanes,' replied Sue, ?*' warmer than blankets.' ' Yes, and * they say' that a teaaspoonful of Liebigs's Extract gi^es as much nourish ment as ever so much roast beef,' retorted I. 'But it seemed to me, when I tried it, that except for a taste in my mouth as if I had swallowed an old shoe, I shouldn't have known that I had eaten anything at all.' John came as usual in the evening. 'Here's enterprise 1'' he called out, as he came in. *' What in enterprise ?' ' The Intelligencer I Behold it, large as life, and looking just as usual, only forty-eight hours after the fire ! That's what 1 call pluck.' ' Isn't it ?' cried Sue, admiringly, as she drew the paper from its wrapper, and held it to the blaze that she might see the familiar page. Meanwhile I took from my pocket our j melancholy little list. . j ' You were right, John. She and I have ! searched the house over to-day, and this is all there IB of any value — the furniture, a little silver, and those wretched Intelligencers. I was interrupted by a startied cry. Sue was gazing at the newspaper in her hand with large, dilated eyes. Her cheeks had flashed piuk. ' What is it ? What is the matter ?' both of qs cried in a breath, ; 'Just read this I Oh, John, I dont believe it ! Bead.' She thrust the paper into his hand, and he read — j?O£TA —THE OFFICE FILE OF OUft 3J£lO\Jm PAPER having been destroyed by fire on the evening of the 13th inst.. we offer the abovp price for a complete and perfect set of the Intelligencer from its first number, March 4, 1830, to present date. Any persons able to supply a set as stated, will please communieate with the pub Usher. '£250! Oh, Sue! oh, John! what a piece of good fortune ! Dear aunty — think of her file turning out such a treasure I It is too wonderful to be true. I feel as thought it were a dream ;' and I danced up and down the kitchen floor. John and Sue were equally excited. ' Only,1' premised the former, 'we mnstn,t forget that some one else may have a file of the Intelligencer, and get ahead of us.' This wet blanket of a suggestion kept me awake all night. My thoughts kept flving to the office, anticipating the letter which we had written, and John posted overnight for the early stage. If it should be lost in the mails ! When morning came, I was too weary and too fidgety to employ myself in any way. But about noon John walked in, comfort in his eyes. ' Why, John, how funny to see you here at this hour ! Why do you look so ? You haven't heard yet ; you can't, for the letter is only half-way there.' ' But I, have heard ! I got ahead of the letter — drove over to the junction, telegraphed, paid for the answer, and here it is ' Blessed John ! This was the telegram : ' Send file at once. Check ready to your order - ' P. Haixida.y.' How we cried and laughed and kissed each other ! How much that message meant ! To John and Sue, the satisfaction of their love, life spent together, the fruition of deferred hopes ; to me, the lifting of a heavy weight, home security, the, shelter of 'my sister's wing, and the added riches of a brother was brotherly in very deed. And all this for £250 ! Oh, how much money can do some times, and, at others, how little ! We had grown somewhat calmer, though Sue still kept her sweet wet face hidden on John's shoulder, and quivered ank sobbed now and then, when I turned emotion into a new channel bv seizing a tum bler of water and proposing this toast : — ' To the memory of the late Samuel F. Morse.' John seized another, and added, *' TheJnteZ - ligencer — may it rise like a phoenix from its ashes !' I leave you to guess if we did not drink this heartily. 