3£n Jftsttttfnam. REV. RALPH BARKER. From a notice in this issue many of our readers1 will learn with deep regret that the Rev. Ralph Barker, incumbent of St. Paul's, Geelong, has passed from earth, leaving his wife a widow and his: children fatherless. For a long time he had been in a declining., state of health, brought on by over mental and bodily exertion ; and about eighteen months since he obtained leave of absence to visit England, hoping that his native air would have a beneficial effect, iniu. una.i- ui.uei a Hint) ub wuuiu uts miuuieu iu reunii tu iua puritiu. with renewed strength to carry on his work amongst his beloved people, in whose spiritual welfare he was greatly interested, bearing, them on his heart and daily remembering them at the family altar,. During his long and weary illness he exhibited the most exemplary patience, never uttering a murmur or word of complaint; .but throughout he was sanguine. about getting better and most anxious to return to his work, frequently remarking, ' I feel as if , I could preach now as I have never preached before ; and knowing now from personal experience what suffering is, I shall be better able to sympa-, , thise with those who are in sorrow.' His desire was to serve God a little longer on earth, to labour yet awhile in the vineyard below ; but our Heavenly Father in His infinite wisdom and love had seen good to order otherwise, and has called him to rest from his labours before exalting him to a higher service, even to serve Him in His temple above. ' . y On his first arrival in England Mr. Barker travelled about a great deal, visiting many places of interest — North Wales, the English lake district, &c.; ; but on the approach of winter he retired to Torquay, and during the first two months of his sojourn there his health appeared to improve, and on the 9th of December he preached a sermon at. Trinity Church for th e benefit of the Church Missionary Society. It was his last public ministration ; a short time afterwards he had a relapse. On Christmas Eve he fell down in a fainting fit in the street, and for days his life was despaired of ; but he rallied again, and the air of, Torquay being considered relaxing,, it was thought a more bracing climate might be of service, and he removed to Clifton. He bore the journey remarkably well, but a few days later came the reaction ; Dr. Fox was called in, and all that art could do was done, but with out avail. He continued to sink rapidly till about nine o'clock on Wednesday morning, March 20th, when his sufferings ceased, and he. entered into rest. Not having any family connections residing in the neighbourhood, of Clifton, his mortal remains were carried to Holy Trinity, near ? Miclieldean, Forest of Dean, where his cousin, the Rev. William Barker, is vicar ; and there his widow and friends committed his body to the dust, ' in the sure and certain hope of the resurrection to eternal life through Jesus Christ.' Mr ?RarVoT ixraa tin a erm nf fho Into Ttpv 'Rn.ln'h 'RnrVfif. VlfiSl.T of Pagham, and rural dean of Chichester, Sussex. He was born at Norwich in 1825, commenced his work in the colonies in 1849, was appointed by the Bishop of Sydney as first resident clergyman at Deniliquin, New South Wales, in 1S58 ; laboured there till 1864, when he was appointed to St. Michael's, Talbot, in this diocese. From thence he removed to Daylesford in 1870, which cure he resigned in 1871, when he accepted the incumbency of St. Paul's, Geelong. In this parish his ministry was warmly appreciated. Though not possessed of brilliant pulpit talent, his teaching was . clear and scriptural, his illustrations often interesting, whilst his whole manner was marked by intense earnestness. He was emi nently a man of prayer, and this spirit he carried with him into his public ministrations. The effect was speedily apparent. The con- . gregations assembled at St. Paul's rapidly increased in numbers and in earnestness. Even the weekly offertory was a proof of this, as the churchwardens' accounts in those years all show. It was a result , still more significant that Christian workers gathered round him to strengthen and aid him in his pastoral labours. He was the first to suggest the parochial mission for the united parishes of Geelong, which was held in September, 1875, when the Rev. T. Curwen Campbell was the mission preacher for St. Paul's parish. Never more than on that occasion were the clergy and people of Geelong seen to be ' of one accord, and of one mind.' Our brother was free from narrow preju dice ; and whether as an advocate of the claims of the Bible Society or of any other catholic effort for the spread of the Redeemer's king dom, he was ready to work with true Christians of every name. In a letter written not long before his lamented death he said: — 'I hear that Dr. Somerville's visit to the colonies was not without much good result. It seems as if the colonies during the last few years have been having mtich of the local presence of the Holy Spirit. My sphere has been somewhat restricted ; but compared with England, Australia has much to be thankful for.' Our dear friend was of a retiring disposition, and although his capacity as a public speaker was of no mean order he was unwilling to take a prominent part ; hence he was seldom heard on any platform, and in the Church Assembly he was content to give a silent vote ; but by those who knew him his judgment was much valued, whilst his firmness^ of character and steadfastness of purpose gave him real influence, which was always used for good. He has passed away, but being dead he yet speaketh, by his faithful ministrations and earnest efforts— in short, by the work which through God's grace he was enabled to do. We can ill afford to lose pastors of this type. He was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith— one who was carried about by 'no wind of doctrine, and who accepted the doctrines and formu laries of our church in their natural and scriptural sense. May the Lord raise up amongst us many others like-minded who may have grace to labour in the same field ! 