VICTORIAN HEMS. •• • • » " - Tho Echuca and Moama Advertise* advocates the locking of the Goulburn, as at present, when navigation is most necessary—from Christmas to autumn—the river is totally useless ior the purpose of the carriage of goods. Steps are being taken to call a meeting of stockowncra and farmers, to consider the proposals of Queensland aud New South Wales who will allow the prohibition on Btock importation to lapse ou tho 30th June. Two persons at Ballarat have, it appears, been jusing themselves in playing ghosts. On Thursday night a little girl was so seriously frightened that sho was nearly driven into fits. The police have been put upon the track of the offenders. The paper making qualities of tho weed which grows so profusely in Lake Wendouree are about to be put to a practical test at Ramsdeu's mills in Melbourne, Mr. Cave, the lake ranger, having been requested to forward half a ton of tho weed for treatment there. Considerable interest is felt in the disclosures in reference to the detective department, in the Herald, That paper says the Goldstein robbery was put up by an ageut of the detectives who took a leading part, but is still at large, with a large quantity of stolen jewellery, although tho Prisoners sentenced have given information as to is whereabouts. A short time ago wo published a paragraph recording the capture of an " extraordinary" animal, half hare and half rabbit, and stated that it was going to be stuffed and exhibited. The Mortlah Despatch mentions that the "cross" is found in such numbers in the Mortlake district that it has lost its interest now as a freak of nature. I hear (says a Melbourne correspondent) that Lady Robinson, the wife of His Excellency the Governor of New South Wales, proposes spending some time in this city, and intends residing at one of the best situated mansions in Jolimont, which has been selected for her accommodation. Her stay in this city is probably occasioned by a desire to watch over the education of lier son. We regret to notice the death of Mr. Charles Maplestone, of Ivanhoe, which took place on Saturday last. Mr. Maplestone, who was a colonist ol old standing, had resided for many years in the Heidelberg district, and he enjoyed the respect ;ct and esteem <~ of many friends, ana in Melbourne. He. was a very v successful wine-grower, and had "been for many years honorary secretary to the Victorian Winegrowers' Association. A Chinese wandered into the Ballarat Assize Court last week (says the Star), and after gazing in full admiration for some time upon Sir Redmond Barry, arrayed in all the splendor of a wig, scarlet, and ermine, retreated to the entrance, aud created a sensation among the constables on duty by saying, with a jerk of his thumb towards the seat of justice, " What you callee that ? man or woman ?" A sad case of drowning occurred on Sunday afternoon in the Yarra, above the Falls-bridge. It appears that two boy6 named David Goodson and Gordon Stewart were in a rowing-boat on the river, and that in some accidental way Goodson fell ont and, despite his companion's efforts to save him, was drowned. Information having been given to the police, Constable O'Flannagan proceeded to search for the body, and recovered it after dragging the river for two hours and a half. Tho inhabitants of Kilmore were thrown into a great state of excitement on Saturday on hearing that Mr. James Still, senr., an old aud much respected farmer of the district, had committed suicide by hanging himself. A magisterial inquiry was held in the afternoon, before Mr. W m. Hartnell, J.P., when a verdict of having committed suicide while suffering from temporary insanity was returned. From the evidence given, it appears that Mr. Still's mind has been npset through his having somewhat hastily purchased a large property. Much sympathy is felt for bis widow and friends. The question as to what is the best quality of stone wherewith to erect our public buildings has not yet been settled, aud probably will not be for years to come. The new Bank of Australasia, in Collins-street, was completed about two yeais ago, with a frontage of New Zealand stone. This was lound to be so lull ot mineral substance that it became discoloured, aud it had to be coated with a preparation that would restore the stone to its proper colour and prevent its decay. This wouc is now completed, and tho building at present is one of the chief ornaments in the city, ine cost of restoration has been about £2000. , ^ 1* inf " 1 accident happened on 15th iust., ^says tho Geeloiw Advertiser) to a boy who was proceeding n , •• to Ballarat -.:- am . t bv by an excursion train fivml from pootscray. Whilst the train was stopping at the local railway station the boy commenced swinging on one of the carriage doors, and in thus ainusiug mself he got one of his hands jammed between the door and the carriage. The centre linger of the hand was broken. Dr. -Morton, of Footecray, l\ l ? ? n f? Platform, set the broken bone ShiJ intered »t«P with a piece of paling, aud the boy proceeded on the journey to ballarat g • X . c , d J 1 '? 00 ™^ of an antidote to the ft*Kwpotfcd to have been made « f ™f r mthG Gimode, will be of interest to m m r L i d ? Australia. It is said that a C S , the raspberry plant, which especially 3 J,, 1 ! 16 ™™ty known as the 1 "vine It 1 18 a dead i* 1 *' finemy to the phylloxera. nlants nmn ,le ®? ssai T to phut a few raspberry con L, ^th f- V , T In ord <* to ensure the, 0 S ! ! * ' ^ vine pest. Thewsp-<. Y Wh Aracb ^n t' l ? 1 is - a meui ber of the geims ? which li'vi 008 n 8e f r i OU8l y tbe plant on S t a L V e8 '« ,ld ,- n fear 0,1 °, this score need be rawkm inn^ i^l experiments are said to of ti,? 1 ^ , wblch bftVC Proved the efficacy i t r a T 8 rme ^ d f0 >' 1 ' ^ destructive 'Trwdov morning tho 21th lilt., tho dead ? n Ja mm was found lying on a vacant piece ^ 3 at tho rear of tho Nelson holel, Sandof <Y'- S r01 " d j it™,. Upon cnauirv enquiry being made as to the u-ofdcceaBed.it was ascertained that his inde 1\. TolmKenny, an oldswagman, eeventyii'i" ,c " „ „ f „,, e xvlio had been admitted into the ttffioLa; suffering from drink, on tho 1st Al u , l discharged again the same evening. It 111 5 if,I thnt on last Thursday evening, a lad "N r'inrli's William Short saw the deceased W ShoSon hotel, and helped him to a fence riSit-of-way, where he left him lying on w A nost-mortem examination was wade ll'S body by l)r. Ncild, wl.o found the cause Oi to he duo to sanguineous apoplexy, and aSictlo that effect was returned by tho jury. 1 most extraordinary buggy accident has at- * ted attention. A buggy, which had been gdft« •livery «Ubte by Jfe J T. Mo by, a ii i-nnwii hay and corn dealer, levanted Irom J ? -Sou ntsu Kildn. The horse preceded Willie steepness ot the Punt road, and after iroidinK instinctively a number of obstacles on i c tank, dashed into the river. Mr. Gardiner, i,c ferryman, unsuccessfully attempted to secure t and on the hirer arriving, proceeded to drag riVotb. but the hirer not being satisfied with the Sorts made, declared off. The result is, that lmrte ami buguy remain at the bottom of the river tb.it Mr. Molloy will be prosecuted by the Su Kildfl Council for permitting the run-way ; will be sued by Air. Gardiner for breaking contract ; a»j by the livery stable-keeper for loss of the buggy and horse. Truly a good day's work. The Melbourne correspondent of the Gedong Adrcrtiser remarks :—Amongst all the novelties thai have ever been started in the form of a comluuv, and their name is legion, is that of a Double Enii't Company. Its title at once indicates that Hie adventure is associated with horse-racing. A iiroBjK'ctus is now before me which bears the names of two well known members of the ring as treasurers and promoters, and which fully sets forth the advantages that are to be obtained by persons who take a share. The distribution will be confined in the first instance to the next Metropolitan Handicap, io be run for in Sydney, and the Melbourne Cup, to be run for in this colony in November next. The fortunate drawer of'the first prize will receive about £6000, and the drawers uf other horses are offered great facilities to have tlietuoiiey value of their draw laid off in the letting market. The price of the shares is fixed at £1 each. The immense shark, some 20 feet long, eeen by Ibe Messrs. Seward biothers, whilst fishing oil Dan's llluli; near Cowie's Creek, on Friday moniin^ has created quite a sensation amongst our local fishermen, and efforts are to be made to catch the monster. The plans proposed for its' destruction arc either to use the ordinary shark- Look, with a float attached to a chain, and let the shark drown itself; or else to form a harpoon party to seek for it. The brothers state that they were in the act of pulling in their lines, when the shark made a dart alter a fish on the line, and came up close to the side of the boat, throwing itself aliout five or six feet out of the water, knocking a paddle out of one of the brothers' hands, much to his surprise, and then disappearin;,' under the boat. If liy any chance the shark bad hit the boat when coming to the surface, it would have been a bad case for its occupants. In order to provide work for the unemployed, the Public Works department have undertaken 0 dram the low-lying land situated near the butts between the railway and the bcacb. Iu Saturday's papers an advertisement appeared for pick-and-shovel men, and iu response over 300 persons applied lor employment on the ground on Saturday morning. There were many among tills number who were not physically suited for Mi n'h labour of this kind, but the names of coueidtraWy over 200 men were enrolled. About one-uall of these were at once set to work, and , , ^ 1 K ' e "S a o c d as soon as the plans of the undertaking, which have been hurriedlv entered ¥»>, are completed. The drainage of this land »« no doubt greatly increase its value, but save or the necessity experienced by the Government w preventing an outcry about'want ol employill' a . , < ' x l )eil8ivc method of carrying out t,JC might have been adopted. ,lial o " Uu occurred (savs the «a*tUo,i Relator) at one of the Hamilton'hotels, V0Uch for ils 1 ! accuracy Landlord LH / *,? n ri'loyee <be railway—" How 8 L , l ! ' we have nothing but fresh t, 0 " ft 1:l hv ; 'y ever since it has been 1 v re shifted to Ararat or nu 1 c el r >,!!_« Why, you see, the bos? amfi8 on thc A 1 T' llar , a,,out « elli,, S 0llr » Hams? ' , auJ as 80011 as we ore registered at o t 1 \- ' - ^ ^ ? aud qualify for all the ««UicU along the line, turn and turn arity al,o Mr L ' lii "", ,J ' hnVo ,I0ticcd tlje l*™ 1 '" rtaffisVn, i. n ,aiUva > r arran»emenls that the the move. In six months Jhe II, book?., i , ' V s bceu cliai)^ throe times, huv K a,,a HI the other hands "'«uUat \V ,"m \ '^P^tcJly. Keceut developonlwmieo tt , ' uun,e «»»y possibly be the ^ ,JUt i" any case the emof them y 0 co, n l»'chend what is re fluircd f ''''l?"ihrn U 0f '>^y( , th e Woodend and Davles- ,,l ; R tll ikiii'» on^' ( i•Kyncim Guardian" is ^ f t C I S ' V - T llC9Urvc y La8 a Watim, II. oil \L\T M if ," eav lbo Tylden aj tueii and ana Carlsrnbe uansruue i t . ot ' Woodend side of Tylden iy this r n g towatds Trcntham. ftV | nde(l niK.n f 0 ® 1 !^. °f the CampaipT will b e i , t i»-«nk line I ' g a ken ofuleinain II otiimft n? , V ,ban C n , »we viaduct. wm7 n ; a f30,000 to ^40,000 in 1 b0 6avc d l»y adopting this now route rather than that originally proposed. There are not a few who affirm that when this line conies so near Kyneton as three and a half to fourmilea its juncUon with the Murray line should beat Kyneton. Tho Kyneton Shire Council intends to see what can be done to bring about ho desirable a consummation." On Friday, an off-days racing was cot up bv an energetic section 0rthe Benalla townspeoi'le, and a really enjoyable dav was spent, which was quite a relief to the usual holiday there. Tho fitbt mce » * uuiit. Biiiineu and fell coming m» the straight. Second Race, Handicap, for a saddle, value £!} and £5 added— Mr. Ghcarv s Maniac, 1 ; Mr. Little's Jerry, 2 : Mndlecott also ran a good third. Hack Race, for a saddle, value £5-Mr. Burburv's Swiveller, 1 ; Mr. Lcarys Maniac, 2; Swiveller won as he liked Hurry Scurry, for whip and ppurs, the Rift of Mr. G. Willis, entrance free—Mr. Little's Mountain Ilare, 1 ; Mr. Chadwick's Phluter, 2. This was the most amusing race of the dav, about 20 horses starting. The Hare soon disposed of the lot, and won easily. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser reports as follows concerning the Rev. R, K. Ewing On Sunday morning this gentleman informed his I)ecchworth congregation that, having decided upon entering the Church of England, he there- fore would be reluctantly compelled to sever his connection with them—a connection which had heed morked by many bright memories. He spoke with great feeling upon the wav in which his present congregation had extended their help and sympathy, aud would ever remember their kindness. Before taking the important step he was doing he had consulted with the managers of hiB congregation, and tbev had thoroughly approved of it, as tending to better his position, and place hiui on a more satisfactory footing. The reverend gentleman preaches his farewell sermons on Sunday next* when doubtless he will have crowded congregations. He then liroceeds to Sydney, and will he ordained as a clergyman of the Established Church on Trinitv Sunday (lGth June), after which he will be allotted a living in New South Wales. In common with hundreds of others, we regret Mr. Ewing's departure from Beechworth, where he has proved his worth. His church loses a preacher of rare ability, and still rarer eloquence, whilst the Church of England gains a clergyman they may be proud of. The City Police Court, Melbourne, a few days since was made the 6cene of a quarrel that has sprung up between two new arrivals. The elder of the two professed to be a wizard, hailing from Spain, with the title of Don something or the other, and the younger man, it appears, had found the money wherewith the public could be entertained with exhibitions of feats of dexterity and trickery. The Don apparently was not up to the mark, for audiences, instead of applauding, pronounced their displeasure. The consequence was the two parties dissolved their local connection, on the understanding that the apparatus was to Ihj sold within a stated period for their joint benefit. It appeared from the facts before the Bench to-day, that the senior partner wisliel to obtain possession of the various articles that are generally used in legerdemain performances, and a struggle ensued, the moneyed partner resisting. During the scuflle the apparatus used for what is known as the " bird cage trick" was destroyed, as well as several " properties." The Bench did not feel inclined to interfere, and dismissed the charges that had been brought by the respective parties against each other. 