THE MTSTESIES OF CEIME; | \- The Experiences of ait,. Editbubgh Detective;— No. LXXXtL | [Published by tepeoial arrangement witfc Ahfr . ' ' .* t~ .'. .; Author.} ' .' . j .,, AX HONEST THIEF. I The gift of a keen iobsery&tion; is useful to anyoae, but'ipariicularly to: the detect \- tireJ ^hef-AIowang=casei6iananstance,^ud -? I may grveiodi^iysandrhy*. ; j r r . - j n ?-y^niIiWas^^ere i&iljiBed; to allow tiny' friends; for- aniBaement, to place me in -1 & Btnwge Tooffi^llQwnwme glance around] aad then put out the slight f and cfaake, me enumerate the vanbnsaxtides it Contained j with43ieir coloiyriatarei-and positjon. ? The result generally surprised -them; 7 I little dreamt of 'the strange afce to which. IL was {testified to put tie faculty. The tracing | out of the following affair all hinged on it I But I may as well begin at 1he beginning. ; ' You're wanted/up'at the office.', - : A policeman tapped me on =theL shoulder, with these words, as I was. going down the ' High-street at a smart walk. . - j M No ?' I said, incredulously ; for I had just left it, and on business, too. . ' It's true..; ;I was sent to call you back. , I rather thini. there's a man these who, will , speak to nobody but you/' ' .--.'. I got back at once, and saw the 'man' ; —a gentleman of between forty and fifty— seated in a chair, and looked very excited ; and exhausted. He had a peculiar appear ance. He was prematurely old. His hair - had been jet black, but was now thickly interspersed with grey and silvery white. : His face had evidently been handsome, but ; it was n&w; sunken and bloated, and. his eye, now dull and leaden, only at intervals showed gleams of brilliance and power. A glance told me that he was a drunkard, !but I was scarcely prepared for the discovery ! which followed. . ' ? ?u You, I presume, are Mr. McGovan ?' he said, speaking with quiet dignity and politeness, 'lam, sir.' 'I must speak with you alone, if it is j not putting you to too much trouble.' The room was cleared at once, and I waited in quiet curiosity for him to speak. 'My name is Ramsay. I have called about a strange thing that has been done to me, which I don't think it is right for a quiet inoffensive persohlike myself to sub- \ mit to,' he began, with growing excite- ; ment. ' I don't know who is the . author of the outrage — that you must discover. I spoke of it to my landlady, but she pro- ; fesses to know nothing about it. Perhaps she, too, is in the plot ?' ? He appeared to expest an answer, so -I said — ' Perhaps. Would you be good enough to state what the outrage was?' ' Briefly this. I rent a roem in Buc- ! cleuch-street, . I have always paid the rent . regularly — eight shillings a-week — and I am 'bound to confess the landlady has citherto been kind and attentive. Last night, however, I suddenly discovered that she had knocked a hole right through the wall, at a corner of the room next to the back'green. I felt a little cold, of course, ? but made no complaint, till three or four \ ferocious-looking wolves came in by the j aperture and seized me T-ythe small of the ? back. I cried out, for they were sucking the very heart out of me, and the moment the landlady appeared they retreated by ' the hole and disappeared. Well, what do , you think ? When I complained of them, and the hole in the wall by which they had entered, she had the audacity to say that there was no such hole there! Naturally I felt aggrieved, for I had never given her cause to think me anything but a gentle man in word and honor ; but I said nothing, and she retired. The moment she was gone, one of their ugly heads peeped in at the hole, and, finding the coast clear, they came swarming in again, and again fas tened on my back. They have left me so weak that I could hardly walk here. Of course, I will change my lodging, but I wish you to ferret out the author of this cruelty, and have him punished.' Before he had got half of this spoken, I saw what was wrong. The man wjs suffering from delirium tfemens, and the only marvel to me was how he had managed to walk all the way to' the Cen tral Office. 'I will bring a gentleman to you who will be able .to advise you much better than I can,' I said ; and I shortly returned with Hie doctor. My opinion was at once confirmed, and the doctor took me aside and whispered — ' Take him home in a cab, and then send Dr. ? , in George-square, to him. He is evidently a gentleman, and would not like the idea of being attended as a pauper by a public medical man;' and then turning to our visitor he talked to him soothingly and good-humoredly till the cab had arrived, and he wa6 quite ready to depart in it. I accompanied him, and had to listen to some strange talk on the way. 'I know I can trust you,' he said, confi dentially, ' but there is one point which I may tell you I have not yet touched upon. I am afraid I wall not be allowed to enter my room, even when we get there.*' ' Not enter y-our xoom — and why ?' ! 'Because when I was leaving I heard some officers from Ireland enter and take possession of it, saying they were in search of me as a Fenian.' Having had some experience in similar cases, to soothe him I assured him that I would soon send the ' officers ' to the right- ? about. He appeared pleased, but soon began on another tack, from which he was not so easily diverted. 'Would you believe it ? — they are also plotting against me to steal my watch.' I glanced at his waistcoat. No traces of a watch were visible. ie Ah, you need not look there for it,' he put in, quickly. *? It is too valuable to be carried. I will show it you when we get to the lodging. It was my mother's. It is nearly a hundred .years old, and was once in the possession of George II. They say that the carving on it i6 never equalled now-a-days.' I thought that the -wateh and its belong ings was the offspring of his own disordered brain, bnt I was wrong. I said I would be glad to look at it. ; ' I know you will,' he enthusiastically returned. ' It is a rare work of art— valu- able as a curiosity, but more valuable from historical associations.' ' And who are they that wisli to steal it ?' I asked, fancying at the moment that .he looked tolerably 'sarie. * - . The unsettled look returned to his eyes. ' I don't know,' he said, fidgetting un- . -easily. ' Perhaps you can find that out for £ne. Of this, however,I am almost certain — #te is one of them.' » who ?' - '?':.?? : ' My landlady.' ; . T«e .words were given in an excited whisper,:and with an impressive. laying of the finger on the lip. The cab stopped- at the 4saroe-jnojttent,iflnd sve .descended and . entered the house together. ? ! The la'naiady, a decent-iooTdni?; hard worldsg widow*,' appeared : greatly relieved at the sight of her lodger. One Iookjwssed between* tos, fend we understood each otter perfectly: A« for tUe lodger, he walked into the ^Mtqhen and quietly sat down on ~ -*f.Oh, Fm sftfi glad yeVe brocnt Ihjm back again !' whispered the, landlady, with, tears iii her eyes, i** Hb wad: hae o&V;«»' M frichtit oot o'myjudjgmenl wi'Msiongauns, so I jist leti'um gang?' l - ''' - ''Run up to Nw^= — , George-square, and tell the doctor to come immediately,' ' I said quietly. '?' I will stay till you come 1)ack,and try and get him to bed. Your house will be^juite safe with me,' and I mentioned my name and employment, and -she tugged on a bonnet and hurried off. ' Hadn't you better go into your room now ?' I suggested to Mr. Kamsay. ' I wouldrprefer it much to sitting here, it is so cold,' he siuveringly rjeplied ; ' but the officers— they are waiting there for me?' ? ' : '' ;.\ ' ? ? ' Oh, I will soon get rid of them,' I said, moving towards the door. He jumped up and caught me by the arm. , ' No, no ! you would only irritate them,' he : fearfully whispered. 'Still, if you were to go in and say that the gentleman is cold, and would be obliged if they would let him come in, perhaps they might stretch a point, and allow it.' . \ 'I, nodded, got into the room, and re^ turned; with, word that it was ** aU i'ight.' Then he followed me like a child. When we got into ,the room he began fumbling away under the bed tick as if in search of something, and I had a moment to look round. All his things were arranged with the greatest neatness and care. Among other articles which caught my eye was a shining little japanned tin box standing on the top of a neat letter-rack, and legibly lettered — Cash. My reason for mentioning it in particular will appear before I am done. Another fact may as well be borne in mind — the house being on the first floor, to raise the window and step out into the ^ back green would not only have been practicable but easy. I turned to my companion. His arm was now buried to the shoulder between the bed tick -and mattress, and to my surprise he pulled it forth, and with it a magnificent .gold watch. He placed it in liry hands for inspection, and I must say that his encomiums had not feen in the least extravagant. It. was a splendid piece of workmanship. TI16 figures carved on the back Stood out fully an eighth of an inch in relief. ' ?' l I praised and admired it warmly, saw; .him stow it -away again in its hiding-place ,' and then induced him to strip and get into bed. , ?'?' Soon after the doctor arrived, aud I ; turned to leave. . .. ; '? Watch her — keep your eye on her!' lie eagerly whispered to me, with his eye fixed fearfully on the landlady; 'fm sure she wishes to-steal it. I would rather lose my life than that watch. Will you promise, Mr.— Mr. — Fve forgotten your name?' ' I promise — she shall not touch it if I know of it,' I assured him. He appeared relieved — smiled out faintly, and bade me good day. Then I left, and saw him no more. But I heard about him. One day, about a week after, the land lady appeared at the office, wringing her hands and crying most bitterly.. She asked to see me, but it was some time before she was calm'enough^to give me the following particulars. Mr. Ramsay, her lodger, was dead. After I had left him, and he had taken a composing draught, lie had appeared to be a good deal better — so much so that at night his: own request that he should be left alone was complied with. In the middle of the night, however, the landlady was awakened by hearing him runiinagihg about his room, and shutting and- opening windows, doors, and boxes. The sounds did not cease or abate in any degree ; on the contrary, they went on increasing, till she imagined , he was performing a rapid race round the room, overturning every thing as he ran. A sudden .booming crash made her leap out of bed and rush to the room. A woeful scene of wreck met her eyes. A splendid mirror was smashed to atoms, and the floor and fireplace were one litter of broken china ornaments, books, papers, chairs, bottles, and other odds and ends. Mr. Ramsay was sitting oh a chair in his drawers and night shirt, quite unhurt, chuckling quietly to himself, .and remarking that ' he had had a grand race after them, and had chased them .round the 'corners like a steam , engine.' Of course he was put to bed and watched um-emittingly by the landlady from that time ; but this appeared to be the last effort of the dreadful* malady, for he gradually sank, and in two' days was no more. . : Now comes the cause of the landlady's distress; . His friends had been telegraphed for, and .arrived .that 'morning. The first thing they looked for was the gold watch he had shown me. It was gone. The rooni was searched, and every box ransacked in vain. Then some strange looks and some words — perhaps heedlessly dropped — caused the honest widow to start round, and hotly demand whether they thought she had stolen it ? Some awkward words followed^ and then bursting into tears, the widow came running all the way to the office to seek my assistance and advice. ' Did you look betwean the bed-tick and the matress,' I asked. : 'No.' ' I will go with you ; I think you will .find it there.' I went, but we did not find it there. I looked foolish and felt angry. I had made sure of finding it whera. I had seen him hide it. Mr. Ramsay's brother, who had superintended the process, appeared equally puzzled and concerned. I turned to the landlady. ' Has no one else been in the room ?' ' No a body, sir, as I'm a leeviri wuman. Hehad8ae mony valuable s thinjrs that I was fearedj an' keepit the. door aye locked, an' the key in my pocket.' ' Who dressed the body ? I suppose it texts dressed before he was taken into thjj other room.' '..-., 'I dressed him mysel'. Oh, sir, I hae been ascarefu' o' his things as if they were my ain, and X'wadna wrang a flee,' teai5 fully returned the landlady. ' I canna fot the life o' me think- hoo the watch has gaen ftmissin'.' J' ; I ran my eye round the room in as com plete; amaze ae herself. Everything Tiad been 'tidied up, but I missed something. : ' ' Who cleaned up the room;?' ^ asked, a little sharply. ''.*.'' - . ;' 'Icleaueditupniyser,'7 ' '^Then where did -you -put ; Iher HtUe japanned box that stood on the letteiyrack iherefc : ' -j ? -? ! -:- ???'{ *?* :^.ui ^- . 'J never 43ay- it. I itfiilha^^a fft ^for j3boot i tjre-^ I thin^^an^^tjaky you 4)rpcnihiitt lame.' V-'-V? ^'''- rJ, % ^ThatV straiige.''.; 'i't.?-jik v: . :,r ' Yes, I thocht sae,4hough he never kept anything in it, an' I spoke tae him aboot it iiextday.' J ' ' s 'You did. WelL^liat'Mdhe say?* ' He said something, but he didna speak it tae me. He whispered it tae the doctor.' ' And have you never seen the box since?' . 'No. ' I dinna. believe ifs in^ihe hoose.' ; *' Very good. -. Perhaps the watch and it ; have gone together. Don't worry yourself i about them, Mrs. Reid; perhaps they are ? safe enough,' and I at once took leave, and ? made my way to George-square. \\- I found the doctor at home, and with ; some difficulty obtained an interview. ' ' Did Mr; Ramsay, entrust you with any ; article of value — a watch, for instance ?' I asked, when I had introduced myself . He stared. ; ' Never,' he said at last. -{ Never ninted i at such a tiling.' Whew ! Here was a blow to my hopes. ' Nor a little cash- box, made of japanned | tin ?' I added, still faintly clinging to the I idea. : ; ' Nothing — nothing.'- ' : ; 'Do you not remember seeing such an article on the table in his robin ?' , ' I cannot say that I do.' '....; 'Tiy to think. When you were in the ; room the day after you were called in- did i the landlady, in your hearing, riot ask Mr. : Ramsay about such a box?' ; 'Yes; I believe she did.' ' Can you recollect his answer ;' ? ' Yes ; it was an odd one. He whispered to me that she wished to rob him of his watch.' : ' Did he say anything more on the sub ject ?' . - : ' Not a word. He was only raving ; buti I am certain he spoke no more about the watch while I remained.' i This was all I could get out of him. As I came away, my reflections were of rather' a -rueful character. Here was a pretty mees to iinraveL _A watch was gone, and with it an empty tin box; and, so far as I could judge, no ordinary thief had taken it.; From the first, I may say, I laid it down: that the widow was perfectly guiltless. To; .some this may seem a strange conclusion, in the face of the fact that none but her had been in the room till the arrival of .his own friends, and also remembering thatMr. Ramsay to two different persons— the doctor and anyself— had expressed his con viction that she wished to'steal the watch. But then, the man was mad; and I had seen stranger things than the: vanishing of a watch from a locked room. ; Well, she being innocent, who was the thief? Ay, there was the riit- — that was where the puzzler came in. Had we only known how the wateli.iiad jjorie — had a burglary been committed,^ pocket picked, or a dishonest person admitted to the room — the tracking of the criminal would have -been plain sailing. .. Indeed, had things turned out. differently in the end, there is no saying what proceed ings might not have been taken against the poor widow — innocent though she appeared; it seems inevitable in the law of fate that occasionally a train of circumstances should spring up by which the innocent are in volved, and the guilty shrouded in night; However, we had work before us ; and though the case was uncommon, we. could do nothing but try the old plan of endeavor ing to trace the property, and so get at the thief. A minute description of the missing articles was distributed among the whole force, and the whole city t— slums,: brokers, known receivers, pawnshops, and jewellery overhauled and ransacked. But we didn't get them. Worse, we didn't so much as hear of them. ; I was neither surprised nor disappointed. It was exactly what I had expected. But I was surprised when I received the follows ing scrap of writing one afternoon a f e\^ days later. It was brought to the Head Office in breathless haste by a ragamuffin, and written in pencil : — ' Come with the bearer. I've found thp lid of the cashbox. A little boy had a string tied to it, and was using it as a gor cart at the head of the West Port. Frn waiting here for his father coming in froin his work. j 'McSwEExr. : « West Port, 4.30.' I at once got to the house—the squall! garret of an Irish laborer—and found McSweeuy pi^THng himself useful by dandling a refractory child on his knee, and sympathisingly condoling with the mother. He showed me the japanned lid, and, though it was a good deal scratched, .1 knew it at once. He had noticed it in the child's possession on the street, had got out of him that ' his father gave it him,' had taken him home, and was now patiently waiting for the father to make his appearance. We had not long to wait. He came in hot, tired, and dusty, and naturally looked surprised at finding strangers awaiting him. I showed him the lid. ' Where did you get that ?' 'Sure I found it — there's no harm in that, is there ?' ?'Not the least. Can you reaiember w/tere you found it ?' ' Faith I can. 'Twas in front of a watch maker's shop in the Lothian-road.' ' 'Which ? — the one near the top ?' ' Yes. It was lying among the sweep ings. The box was there too, but it was all crushed and broken, so I didn't lift it.' We gave the man a trifle and left the house, taking the lid with us. Two minutes' walk brought us to the watch maker's shop in the Lothian-road. Before entering we took a look at the window. All at once we both whistled right out, and incredulously faced each other. There, staring us in the face, with its beautifully-carved back turned outwards, was the missing watch ! Unlike every other watch in the window, it had no ticket or price attached. : We entered the shop, and were at once attended to by a young lad, who, I was gladto seer, did not know either of us. i ' ' Would you l^t us see that gold watch ' with the carved back now vi the wmdowS' It was placed in my hand, and if I han! had any doubt as to. its identity, it must^ have vanished 'at once. - ; .. : j 'What is the price f' I carelessly en quired, -''?.'? : 1 r : '#, raflier jQb^ there iWffio price put f (upon 4t yet^^waB /U^ answer/ # It ias \ only i»een in 3be ^window a^w hours. : We ; Only^btitlalSt'tUght.^ J'' -wr:'--y.-*ri£5 i.-;£' .| etaS; yill you ,letIrinejl^ ^it jotfar^bjbpk j ^ntainmg the entr^esforyesterjday ?' - j r-i Ul can let you seethe book, :Wt Idon't ; think vou wifl find that entered ihit.' - ? ?????« Aid why P .-.?.,.?:-.'.:..- r -;&.;??;:? i ; ^Beoius^welKairtTjuy :W*s: - K ; S 'j^dn'tjbuyit? l^ien^Mjtr: , 'An intimate friend of j?iy fatiierX He 1 left it on condition that if we:flold it he ' would give 'us whatever commission we : chose to ask on the taransactidn.' ; ^Hifename^&dad4reM;?Bi^v.^^^ ;. ? ? ; ' He' opened the back of the. watch, rtook out a thin slip^andjcead-^ .. '.James Nelson, No. .— ? — , Fountain Bridge.' ;.'?? V 'Very 'good; I must, see 3Ir. James Nelson. This watch has been stolen, and it is almost certain we shall be forced to ; take possession of it ; but in the meantime I wm leave it here with mj companion. Whilelam gone you had better send for your father.' 'I will: But if- it has been stolen I'm sure -Mr. Nelson cannot be the thief, for he is a sterling, upright, religious man.' 'Then he will be able to account for having it in his possession; Till he does so he is presumably the thief.' ; I said no more, but left the shop, crossed over to Fountain Bridge, and with some hunting found the house, a half-flat on the third storey. I heard them singing a hymn' inside, so I waited till they had finished, ; and then gently rang the right-hand bell,j that being the side which contained the brass plate hearing his name. An elderly woman — his wife, I found — ; 'nadmitted ::me 'aad showed me into the' kitchen, where was Seated the man I sought. ? '_ ''.?'-,' , i -He was a fine-looking old man — a trifle stern, perhaps, in his bearing, but in appearance the very antipodes of a thief. An open Bible lay on the table before him. He looked up in surprise, but hud aside his spectacles at once, and at my Tequest dis missed his wife and daughter. ' You left a gold watch with the watch maker over there to sell ?' 'I did.' ' Where did you get it ?' His eye fell,: and he appeared confused. Still, it was not the confusion of guilt ; I could make that much out, and wondered accordingly. ' Whatright have you to ask?' he said, at last, 'having taken -time to think. 'The best of rights. I am a detective. The. watch has been stolen, and I have traced it to you. Where did you get it ?' '. 'Well, then, if you must know — I found it.' « A likely story/' He rose from his seat and looked me full in the face, with his own flushed to the eyebrows. ' ' Sir, I am npt a liar !' I felt rebuked, and said. so. 'Well, then,' I said, frankly taking his hand, i ' if you are not the thief, tell me all you know about it.'- - ' Well, sir, you must know that last week a favorite cat of ours died, and, it being about flitting time, my wife did not iike the idea of throwing it out into the street to be kicked about like a tin pan by the street boys, and she asked me to ,bury it in the green at the back of the Tioose.' I looked out at the window. ' 'There is no green at the back of the house.' ' Not here : but we were in No. — , Buc : cleuch-street, then.' ' Buccleuch-street ! — oh, oh ! Well, pro ceed.' *' Well, I didn't want to be seen doing it: for some people, not knowing our affection for the beastie, might laugh at the idea of burying a cat ; and I got up half-an-hour earner — I am a mason, and always go out befdresix— to do it.r Well, I took the cat down, but while I was digging the hole my trowel came on something hard. I thought it was a stene, and put in my hand to pick it out^; but it wasn't^— it was a small japanned tin box. I shook it. It gave a soft sort of a rattle. I slipped it into my pocket, iastily finished burying the cat, and hurried off to my work. The first quiet corner I came to I opened the box, and found a round bundle of flannel, - and inside of it the gold watch you speak of.' ? ' Well, why didn't you at once give it up to the police ?' ? ' Because I've heard that they just keep ' the things that are found, when they are not claimed, and the finder gets nothing. I believe I did wrong in that.' 'You most certainly did, as you may find presently to your cost.' 'But I advertised it.' 'Where?— when?' ' Whenever I found it — in the Scots- , man.' ' Have you the paper handy ?' He produced it, and I read the following scrap, in an obscure corner :— - ' Watch found. Owner may have it on describing it, and where lost, and paying this. No. 1,358.' ' Fm afraid this won't save you much. Why did you not give a more lucid descrip tion.; ? .1 ' Because I was afraid some one might apply for it who had no right to it.' 'But why did you conclude that it was yours, and you had a right to sell it, because - no one applied for it in the short space of a week r'J ' m-tell you the truth, sir. I really did not think the watch had been lost.' ' What then ?' ' The watch was so old-fashioned that I thought p'raps it had been buried there hundreds of years ago, and that the owners were long since dead.' % - . ' Well, even iri that case, don't you know that all treasure trove belongs to the Crown ?. You would have lost nothing by ; giving jt up, either, for it is customary to present the finder with full .value in the coin of the realm.' 'I certainly have heard something about such a law, but where was I to find the Crown?' ' Through any of its appointed agents — the police, the* revenue, the; Magistrates, and so forth. But surely you are not so ? ignorant or silly as jfco think that they used Japanned tin cash-boxes hundreds ^ of years : ago to ihide away' ^ their treasure in?' 'I don't know. 1 1 did not think -)f tkafci' ?'. 'Ianxsorry for you,, but tmay tell you - plainly I think you'll suffer for it. It will jbe a matter of imprisonment at least.' ? alarm, aB4 flie tearsicrept anto his ey^s#s - he;iiua«did0ne^^iu^^^t---^; - : -_z-?-* : \ « I am not . 1 never; was moreiserioas m ?:?: WZWff* Yo^h^^C^^|t£^-. ' ,?:.?.? You've got yourself into.an ugly mess, and Icanonlyhope^thatyduwillgetjont of it :&te;$ ? ::-..« =L- ??i--;:it :?? ? .-a :-?:??-: -°&&:i- 9: . - ? J He was shaking Eke a leaf now ; indej^l his ^ta^bn^becamB^so^^reat thatT had |o helpTum to put oil hisMiings. ?' 'j ^t ,': *? WJiat a pity ? I Hid^net tell my *wife about it,' he groaned at Jast, when ^e was ready to go: 'She would aave advised me rightly.** - ...v.^:--.:. ? ; ;:?.;?-: « Did you not tefl-^r, even f wIsMdno^i^gal^^itto.anybody.r, -; That only made it look worse.. , I thought so; bufchis pallor and pitiable look put a sealonmyhps. There was a ^ nice j crying match when his . wife and daughter- .^were summoned, and: informed of the state of affairs; but ihere= ? was nothing else for it ; he must go. and be loeked up in gaol like -any ordinary felon. ; His Wife went off iii great distress to iell her miniate*, while he followed me to tfie^ watchmaker's. The. master hunself hacE. arrived, and froni him I learned how |t happened that /the japanned box had been destroyed- and thrown out. - While he had been examining the curious carving on the back of the. watch the night before, Nelson « had been fumbling with the box, when the- ( hinge suddenly gave way, letting the box a fall to the floor and leaving the lid in his hand. ; A luckless step with his heavy' boots crushed it useless, and next mornnig~ both lid and box were thrown out with the sweepings. ... '.. Great efforts were made to save Nels^nt ?' from the ignominy of a public conviction-r— for he was really respected by a very wide circle of acquaintances, and, I believe, at the bottoma good man— but the offence was of tpo. grave a nature to be passed over. Owing to the influence brought to bear on his case, and some evidence which cropped up to confirm his story, he was not con victed of theft, but wilful detention of pro perty. He got thirty days, and I have no- doubt came out of prison a wiser and more honest man, in the deepest sense of the word. . The same evidence which saved him ex— plained how the watch and box came to be buried in the preen. Veiyjlate on the night before the watch w-as found, an ailing resi dent in an opposite land saw— or fancied : that she . saw— the . ghost of, a man, clad in white, get out of »? low window and fur- - tively dig a hole and bury something under - it;'after which. he, leaped in again, closed' the window, and was seen no more. The window was proved to be that of the room* occupied by Mr. Ramsay, and the nightvonj which the ghost emerged from it was the identical one on which he 'chased them round the corners like a steam-engineJ* 'With the cunning of a maniac, and under the impression that he was about to be robbed of his darling watch, he had buried1, it outside his window. And had he Re covered — and no cat died in the flat over* head — it is probable that to this day he would never have known or remembered what became of his watch and japanned tint cash-box. . (To be continued.) We have received, through Mr. J. E* t Goodfellbw, a copy of 'The Footballer,' ant f annual record of football in Victoria and the V. 4 Australian Colonies. The publication is very ug neatly got up, and contains a great' quantity of f^ information, interesting to all lovers of football. 7 The portion devoted to this colony seems to be about as tull and complete as it could be under the circumstances. . ~ . . Of the arrival of a scientific lecturer our shipping reporterwrites :,— ' Mr. Severn is a scientist who has justt -arrived by the Downie mount from Newcastle. :He is engaged on a : tour of observation ihrpu^iout the colonies, and has visited New Zealand, New South; Wales, . .and' other pHrts^delivering-some most interest ing lectures at Duhedin, Auckland, Brisbane, and Sydney. He has brought with him a large quantity of scientific japparatus, besides a vast number of .photographs illustrative of the various subjects he has given particular, atten tion to during the past few years. It is pro bable he may illustrate some of those at the conversazionie of the. Philosophical Society.' . The third of the course of lectures on ' chemistry now being given weekly at St. PetiBr's College by the Bev. W. Hey Sharp, M.A-, :was delivered on Tuesday evening, April 16. As' at the two previous lectures, the zoom Was crowded ?? to' excess. The lecturer ires frequently ap plauded, especially when performing his experi r ments, which were ' unusually brilliant. The lecture was divided -into two' parts. The first consisted of an exposition of the general prin ciples of chemical equations, and the second ex perimental illustrations of the preparation and properties of oxygen gas. In explaining the system of chemical notation the lecturer said that an atom of hydrogen being the lightest particle Df matter known, it was always taken as, the unit in notation; the quantities of different materials in all other substances being reckoned from it. - The value ^»f chemical equations con sisted in thefactthatit enabled them to calculate how much of different substances go together ^J to form a given compound without any waste. The lecturer illustrated this by experiment in showing how to find' the precise quantities of. zinc and' sulphuric acid required to form hydro- , gen, and of calcium-chloride, and sodium | carbonate (washing soda) to form common ? salt. 'With regard, to the properties of oxygen, ? - it was shown that it may always be recognised by its giving a bright lilac color when burning, and by its powec of rekindling. a~ ' glowing _ taper; whereas : hydrogen, on the contrary, would put it out. Experiments oh combustion in oxygen were made with sulphur, charcoal in lump and powder, phosphorus, and a watch-spring, the effects of which were very beautiful. Mr. Sharp' concluded his very interesting lecture with the remark that.be had already shown the properties of the two 'gases, oxygen and hydro gen, and in the next lecture he would treat of their combinationin the formx-f water. 