On Doctors. Doctors are tall men with eye-glasses, and black coats, and shiny hats, and bends in their backs. They have soft voices, and speak as if they had just left off singing very solemn music. They smile softly when they meet you, and shake hands with you in a slow deliberate way. They love the society of canary birds and leeches, and other sprightly and entertaining animals. They get their clothes brushed every time the clock strikes, and rub their hats with damp tow<Sls to make them glisten. They drink cold water when they rise in the morning for their health, and put oil in their hair for the good of trade. They are much afraid of ghosts. A man once told me that no one ever yet saw the ghost of a doctor, for the moment a doctor dies all the other ghosts gather round his ghost and treat it so badly that it is ashamed to show its face to respectable people ever afterwards. He told me that the reason of this is because the doctors made nearly all the other ghosts, and ghosts are a most ungraetful class of people. When doctors come into a parlor or drawing room, they bow, and rub one hand over another, and smile, and bend over you, and ask in a whisper, " How are we getting on ?" Then they walk over to the chimney glass, and arrange their scarfs and hair, and the folds of their shirts ; after tliis they turn their backs to the glass, and having stretched out their arms to the full length, twist their . wristbands a little, and smooth the back of one hand with the palm of the other. All this makes them cool and col lected, and prevents them from looking within ten years of their real age. When docters come into a bedroom, they smile and talk about the weather and the price of mutton. Then they look out of the window, and ask who lives opposite, and whether his eldest daughter is not married to young Edmunds of the Lancers, and if there is any truth in the rumor that his eldest son has given up his wild habits and is attending to his profes sion. After this they walk over to the sick person, and say, " Well, so you have persuaded yourself that you are not well. Now, let ns see-let us see." Then they catch hold of the person's hand, and take out a huge gold watch, and look as if they were going to sleep. After a while they shut the watch-case with a loud snap, and sigh faintly, as if they were waking; then look-up-at the. ceiling, and look down at the ground, and make figures with the toes of their boots on the carpet. After this they enquire how often the sick person lias asked what o'clock it was during the past week, and if he had been picking his teeth with brass, or cutting his hair with a rat-trap. After they have been answered, they request the sick person to put out his tongue. When they see the tongue they say, " H'm," very softly, and sit down with another sigh. They then enquire if the sick person has expressed any wish for sausages or buttered toast or oxalic acid, or any other poison, or if he has been using terms of affection in connexion with the name of his mother-in-law, or with the Commune, or with the Income-tax, or if he has in any other way exhibited decided symptoms of a wandering or enfeebled mind. Upon being answered, they say " H'm" again, and leave the room immedi ately afterwards. As soon as they get back to the parlour or drawing-room, they say that the sick person is not in good health, and he must be kept as quiet as possible. They order him to be provided with a pocket-handkerchief, and light literature, and whey or brandy, according to his taste. They forbid that he shall see any bills, or tele grams in the daily papers, or anything else that would be likely to excite or exasperate him. Then they take np a piece of paper, and write a few badly spelled words, and draw three-legged j stools, and frying pans, and regiments of soldiers, and other childish figures upon it and request to have this sent to the apothecary's. When the apothecary sees this he says " Oh, bother ?" j and places it on a file. He then takes a bottle j of paraffin oil, and liaving put a pinch of salt and a little nutmeg into it, sends it home to the sick man.-EMANUEL KINK. The London correspondent of the & M. Herald says :-" Russia is advancing to the villages along the Bosphorus (in order to seize the forts and keep the British fleet out of the Black Sea in .case of war), and she is throwing up defences at Rodosto, and at other points along the Sea of Marmora. If it were not that Prince Bismarck, who is to preside at the congress, is believed to have a read desire that the congress shall meet, and that he personally desires to restrain the ambition of Russia, there would be little hope of the congress meeting at alL Meanwhile Russia, Austria, England, and Italy continue with their war preparations. The military arrangements of this country are going on upon an enormous scale, and it is no secret that the best-informed men in official circles believe that war will be the ultimate issue. If Austria be paralysed by conflicting interests at home, and if England lias no ally in Italy or France, she will hardly dare to declare war single-handed ; but it is exceed ingly probable she will lay hands upon an im portant strategic position at Mitylene, or 011 the Dardanelles, and counteract Russia's design to control south-eastern Europe. There is 110 im provement in the temper of either Servia, j Roumania, or Montenegro towards their late ally, and in case war broke out against Russia none of those States would lend her any assist ance. It is also doubtful whether the Turkish soldiery would be loyal to a Russian alliance. You will Bee that England has obtained permis sion for Greece to be admitted to the congress. This indicates her desire to push forward the claims of that State to check the influence of Russia in south-eastern Europe. The step taken by the Government is approved by the Liberals, because it illustrates an abandonment of the Turk, but for that very reason it may throw the Turk more surely into the arms of Russia." GO-AHEAD-ISM.-While the meat Preserving Coinpauies in these coloniesare (says tlie Northern Argtis) retiring quietly from business, our enterprising Yankee cousins arc pushing ahead, and if beaten at one point, crop out at another ; they are irrepressible and are determined to come in winners, if it be only by the skin of their teeth. An enterprising firm in Dover, Delaware, have been extraordinarily successful in canning fruit and vegetables, and have, for some time past, been putting up boneless hams in cans for domestic and foreign markets. During the past few months it has been preserving large quantites of poultry, which is canned in the same style as pressed beef, the fowls being boned and chopped up. Lately it has, with complete success, accom plished the feat of canning turkeys entire, with every bone removed. During the season the firm has purchased and canned $10,000 worth of poultry, and has large contracts ahead. But the strangcBt thing of all is, that the factory is now (March 1) employed to its fullest capacity in manufacturing and canning old fashioned Eng lish plum puddings for the English market. That was not a very pretty sight in the Divorce Court the other day, when a lady-plain tiff, seeking for a divorce 011 account of the infidelity of her lord, conducted her own case, examined witnesses in detail to prove her hus band's immoralities, addressed the Court on his adulterous enormities, and, to the consterna tion of the barristers, won the case. Only a few weeks ago a woman addicted to public lecturing essayed the same feat, and failed ; but now that an injured wife lias actually done without the lawyers we may have a few more piquant, but not at all edifying, displays of the same kind. Of course they will be popular, and applause will be the usual greeting to the pleaders in petticoats, as it was the other day. THE COMPETITIVE SYSTEM.-A little boy re marked at dessert the other day that he did not see why he should not be crammed with dates as well as his big brother.-Fwi. "Ten dimes make one dollar," said the school master. " Now, go on, sir. Ten dollars make one-what?" "They make one mighty glad, these times," replied the boy, and the teacher, who hadn't got his last month's salary yet, con cluded the boy was about right. The trousseau of the Princess Charlotte, writes a lady from Berlin, was a disgrace to artistic millinery, and the authorities must have felt it, for on the cards of invitation to inspect it was written, " You are requested not to make dis agreeable remarks." In order that the people of Berlin might share in the Joy of Imperial family, they have been privileged to pay an extra tax to meet the expenses of the wedding. The Duchess of Edinburgh is getting im mensely popular (says the Malta correspondent of an English paper) with the young officers of the British Mediterranean fleet. She is very kind to them, has them up often to the palace of St. Antonio in the evening, and gets up all sorts of amusements and entertainments for them, entering herself into the fun like the lightest hearted schoolgirl. She knows also how to make really handsome presents of jewellery, whereby the wife and daughters of the admiral of the fleet are made richer-and happier, or they would not be women. What her husband, the Duke, who is said to be very parsimonious, must think of such lavish generosity, it is diffi cult to say ; but perhaps he is too much taken up with looking after his own dignity to attend to what his far more popular DuchesB chooses to do. It is said that he is so much annoyed at his officers differing from him in foreign politics, possibly also so bent upon proclaiming to the world the fact of his relationship to the Czar, that he has caused to be hung up in his own cabin on board his own ship, a notice to this effect : " Please to remember that the Emperor of Russia is my father-in-law." Never at any period during the Turkish war (says the European Mail) have the Russian Go vernment departments been so busy as they are now. It is chiefly in the naval establishments at Cronstadt and St. Petersburg that activity most prevails, the intention of the Government being to send out the Baltic fleet with the engines and everything in working order at the first move ment of the ice. And as most of the ironclads I are greatly in need of repairs the authorities will have their hands full till next June. At St. ) Petersburg incessant pressure is being put on the private firms who have contracted for the 50 torpedo cutters to complete portions of their work with the utmost urgency, and immediately a torpedo steamer is ready it is despatched by special train to Sevastopol, whence it is sent to 1 sea to some destination on the Turkish coast. \ The ports on the Black Sea having withstood Hobart Pasha's fleet are considered sufficiently strong to resist any other, and therefore no j alterations are being made in them ; but at j Olcliakoff there is an exception to the rule, the batteries being strengthened with guns of heavier calibre in order to frustrate any attempt to seize Nicolaieff. It is considered very improbable that Russia will make any serious movement at Con stantinople till slie has consolidated her naval 1 position on the Marmora, and transported the ! stores which are gathered in such immense j quantities along the Roumanian frontier. The Government vessels are now actively employed in conveying stores from Odessa to Midiah. 