On Doctors. Doctors are men with eye-glasses, and black coats, and shiny hats, and bends in their backs. They have soft voices, and speak as if they had just left off singing very solemn music. They ■mile softly when they meet you, and snake hands with you in a alow deliberate way. They love the society of canary birds and leeohes,and other sprightly and entertaining m^ini^u, They get their clothe* brushed every time the dock strikes, and rob their hata with damp towels to make them glisten. They drink cold water when they rue in the morning for their health, and put oil on their hair for the good of trade. A man once told me that no one ever yet saw the ghost of a doctor, for the moment a doctor dies all the other ghosta gather around his ghost, and treat it so badly that it is ashamed to show its face to respectable people ever afterwards. He told me that the reason of this is because the doctors nude nearly all the other ghosts, and ghosts are a most ungrateful class of people. When doctors come into a parlor or drawing* room they bow, and rub one hand over another, and smile, and bend over you, and ask in a whisper, " How are we getting on ?" Then they walk over to the obinviey glass, and arrange their scarfs and hair, and the folds of their Bhirts; after this they turn their backs to the glass, and, having stretched out their arms to the full length, twisT their wriatbands a little, and smooth the back of one hand with the palm of the other. 411 this makes them cool and col lected, and prevents them from looking'within ten yean of their real age. When doctors come into a bedroom they smile and talk about the weather and the price of mutton. Then they look out of the window, and ask who lives opposite, and whether' his eldest daughter is not married to young Edmunds of the LanoeM, and if there is aayirathin the rumor that his eldest son has given up his wild habits and U attending to his professioft. After this they walk over to the siok person and say, " Well, so you have persuaded yourself that you are not welt Now, let us see—let us see." Then they catch; hold of the person's hand, and take out a' huge gold watch, and look as- if they were going tp sleep. After a while -they shot the watcn-o)se with a loud snap* and «igh faintly, as if they were waking ; then look up at the ceiling, ana look down at the ground, and make figure* with! the toes of their boot* eft the carpet After this they enquire how often the sick person hasask^d , what o'clock it was during the past week, and1 if h* had been picking hh teeth with bra*,, of i catting his hair with a rat-trap. After they have 1 been answered, they request the sick person to put out his tongue. When they see the tongue ! they say, w H'm," very softly, and sit down; w«h another sigh. They th«n enquire if the 0 sick' person has expressed any wish for sausages or' buttered Scotch or oxalic acid, or any other | poison, or if he has been using terms of affection' , m connection with the name of bis mother .fa. -! Uw, or with the Commune, or with the inoome-' tax, or if he has in any other way exhibited de cided symptoms of a wandering or enfeebled 1 mind. Unon being answered, they say "H'm" . again, and leave the room immediately after*' 1 wards. • ' ■ As soon as they get back to the parlor or drawing-room, they say that the sick person is I not in good health, and he must be kept as quiet as possible. They order him to be provided with a pocket-handkerchief, and light literature, and whey or brandy, according to his taste. They forbid that he shall see any bills, or Jtelegrams in the daily papers, or anything else that would be likely to excite or exasperate him. Then they take up a piece of paper, and write a few badly spelled words, and draw three-legged stools, and frying- pans, and regiments of soldiers, and other childish figures upon it, and request to have* this sent to the apothecary's. When the apothecary ■ees this he says « Oh, bother !" and places it on a file. He then takes a bottle of paraffin oil, and, having put a pinch of salt and a little nut. meg into it, sends it home to the sick man.— Ehabukl Knrc. Thi mother-in-law finds * defender in the San Francisco MaU, which Mya, «If Adam had had a mother-in-law to look altar him and his wife, it is more than probable that to this very day we might have been all resident in one garden." Palrti-ablil—A lady with a fatal squint came once to a fashionable artist for her portrait. He looked at her and the looked at him, and both were embarrassed. He spoke first "Would your ladyship permit me," he said, "to take the portrait in profile 1 There is a certain shyness about one of your ladyship's eyes which is as difficult in art as it is fascinating in nature." Bt Private Wihe.—Mr. Basinghan (City mer chant) — " Most convenient J I can convene with Mrs. B. iußt as if I was in my own drawing* room. Til tell her you are here." (Speaks through the telephone)—" Dawdles is here just come from Paris—looking so well—desires to be, Ac., 4c Now, you take it, and you'll hear her voice distinctly." Dawdles—" Weally f Dawdles take it, and does hear her voice most distinctly. The Voice—"For goodness sake, dear, don't bring that insufferable noodle home to dinner!"— Punch. 