NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—Madame Cora and Company at the Mechanics’ Institute; examination of trainees, School 33, 9.30 a.m.; Land Board, Gordon, 1 p.m,; Safety Cage Board, 11 a.m.; meeting of Exhibition committee, 8 p.m. ’ , .;'i ;■ i ; >.M :; ;w ■ A petition is now being handed round for Signature asking the Exhibition committee to apply the profits arising from the late Juvenile Industrial Exhibition towards holdings International Exhibition in a few years’time. . : ' We regret to announce the death in'New Zealand, on the 13th instant, of Mr John Bryce, formerly con nected with this office for many , years, and more lately with the New Zealand Tima, Wellington. The 1 deceased gentleman, who was only, twenty-nine years of age, was not in good health when he left Ballarat some two years ago, the germs of consumption having .made their appearance in.him,- which the.climate of -New- Zealand seems to have fostered,for he gradually got worse, and was at last compelled to’takt a voyage’ to Hong Kong, to see what effect a warm climate'would have upon his health. Unfortunately: Mr Bryce re turned more debilitated than when he left-NewZea-i land, and'after a short confinement to’ bis’bed he ’died ' as stated, on tht X?th mutant, During ■pent in .Ballarat lie gained '’manyfrienda! who will l^at'jorhisdeceaseyrithregret’and'nrme more bo, we the j older members of the Ballarat Cricket Club, whose faithful and energetic secretary ha was for a number of years. > :-• -A ait ting of the oommission:appointed to deal with ther subjeot^of safety .cages will be held in Lester’s hotel, at 11 o'clock tHis*mdrning, for the purpose of eliciting local information on the utility of the inven tions at work in.tM»-dMtnot,_BubaequenttT. it. tima. permits/the commission will; personally inspect and test r the value of- any oagea;brought uhder; their notice during the sitting, ’extending'their' ina'peitibn to Crea ■wicK~and~btheF mining centres." "Mr Clark, M.LTAV (Sandhurst), 'and-''Mr James Thomson, secretary, arrived Inßallarat last night, but the chairman of the commission, Ur A.K. Smith, M.L, A.Vwho’haa hitherto been prevented from' attending the sittings in' conae-" quenca of a severe.- affection, of the eyes, is engaged to-day on the Jan Yeah board,of enquiry at Whittle sea, and cannot therefore take part in the;proceedings... Messrs Pinoham and Eichardaan. M’a.L.A., who [are also membersjwiU.be in .attendance. ' | The valves were opened’ into Lake Wendoureq on 22od inst,,' at 4 o’clock p.m. The pressure gauge was fixed on a fireplug. opposite the .Parade hotel,; in " Webster 'Street, and showed 801b'on the square inch of pressure, before the valves were opened,- and 70 lb when opened, showing a reduction only of 10 lb. on the square' inch at' this point. .The gauge how shows 1151 b at; the Water Commission office; previously to opening ' the valves; on the 9-inch main: it showed 121 lb.. The .discharge into the lake from' the reservoirs is about 92,000 gallons'per hour; or equal to: 2,208,080.ga110ns every twenty-four hours, aqd would raise the lake about one inch In every 5| days of twenty- four, hours each. From these figures it will be seen that the presstire is little or not at jail affected by this 9-inch discharge.into thelake, .A .number’ of parents were- proceeded against. at the City .Court on Tuesday Under the Education Act for. neglecting to send their children .’to school. According to; the last clause of the 9th section of the amending act, a certificate of non-attendance' from the head master of the State school nearest any child’s, residence shall be prima facie evidence that that child has not attended any school as required. ~ A number of such certificates were. to have; been put in, but during the first case Mr Kelly objected that the cer tificate did ‘ not show that the school whose bead' master issued it was the one; nearest hia;client’s rest’ dence.,;.The objection was fatal, and thisand all sub*, .sequent similar cases were postponed for a fortnight. A magisterial enquiry was held on Sa'turday at the WendoUree'Lunatic Asylum by Mr . C. C. Shoppee, J.P., on,the body of an oldman named John Smith, :and in accordance; with the testimony ofiDr Badcliffe, who made the post-mortem examination of the body, was given that;the deceased died, from acute bronchitis.;,' ‘ " V • ■ ‘ 1 The frost’was so intense one.'morning last week that it . cracked .one' 'of " the) large, pl'ate-glaas windows'at Messrp Campbelland Blythe’s drapery establishment, Sturt .street. 5 .The .crack.'extends; about half-way aordrar n the pane!, which .thick; and to prevent it , extending, several vertical scratches with a diamond hidto be made.* ' ~ , r -; _ 5 Sis more male luuatics arrived from * Melbourne on Tuesday by the'afternoon'"train; ’and 4 were' I 'taken to' the Wendourea;;Asylum;''where - thera are now 116 patients. A large addition to tbis nuinber is expected immediately, and- we are': glad tdleamihiit; three or four have already been dischargedlfiom,ths Asylum, os cured. , . .. ~!!.. A boy named .Henderapni living ; on Soldiers Hill,- picked up a £1- note.'on Tuesday,',.'near-M'Kenzie’a timber-yard, Market square,; which, had been accident- ■ ally dropped by a, person who had, gone'into.-a -shop close by. The;boy at once went into’the sriop'.'and asked for an owner- for, the.-note,-and: one person on counting Ids money,discovered his-1055,.-'.He gave.’.the boy half a crown and thanked, him dor his-honesty in at once returning : the money.-: .:The-.boy did no more than hia duty, but he did well , nevertheless, 3 -, , . j Mr J.H. Clark, agent for Ballarat and the district, has left with us two photographs in connection with the wreck of the Loch Ard. One is a portrait of Mr Thomas Pearce, taken by the Photographic Society of Victoria, under the patronage of the Mayor of Mel- bourne. The proceeds of the sale of this photograph will be paid into the hands of the mayor, and be used for the relief of the wives and families of the persons drowned by the disaster. The second is a large photo- graph of the scene of the wreck, from a painting by Mr Flintoff. The rocks are from a photograph, and the scene was painted under the supervision of Mr Pearce. We should think that both photographs will have a large sale. Will the Argus kindly take note?' Some little time ago it was greatly- exercised in its .mind over; a little: fact that we published to the effect that Ballarat men. could go down 1 to Melbourne and' take jobs 12 miles on. the other- : side .'of that' city,.'.' We .'were:: mucH astonished when, we discovered that we had,-quite innocently, roused up our contemporary ’and some of its, correspondents into a mild sort of a rage.- , What will ;they say. when,'.'we tell them that Ballaratmeh, > Messrs Paterson,'- Quayle, and Howling, have taken the contract for the whole of the gatekeepers’ cottages on , the Gippsland line, thus going riot only 12 but;l2o miles on the other side of “.the metropolis’’?; To this we might add another little fact-to the effect that. only last week' a Ballarat firm, Messrs A..G!;C6rbetK and Son, sent off- two. large .contracts of machinery to-. Sydney and Newcastle. Our contemporary seems to; imagine that'there "is some conspiracy to favor,Bal- : : larat men; perhaps the .more rational -conclusion to be drawn is that : Melbourne: ’does: not yet absorb the whole, of the energy, enterprise,"arid ability; of the "colony, whether in commerce or anything else. In addition to those already announced,-the Minister! of. Bail ways has accepted the tender of Messrs Stred wick and Farhall, at.-£1750 per annum! for the leasing of- the refreshment-rooms )at Warigafatta,'. ■ Wodonga, Seymour, arid' Berialla (comprising group . 4.in ..the.achedule) for.the next.three years,—-'—-..—.' , The head teacher of, the Sebastopol State school is" nowmaking a,laudable_ effort to'establish .a band for the edification,of his boys and delectation of the in habitants. From what may be s’een in the collecting books supplied to some of the boys, and from what one hears, it appears' evident that the idea is well’ received, and there is no doubt the band of the State school of Sebastopol will soon be organised. A letter has been received by Mr Bannister, r hon.'; secretary to the late Australian Juvenile Exhibition, ■ from bis Excellency the. Governor, 5 enclosing the fol lowing despatch from Sir M. E. Hioks-Beaoh :—“ Vic toria No. 40. Downing Street, 13th April, 1878. Sir, —I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your despatch No. ; -83 of■ the 20th'February, enclosing' a : report of the proceedings attending the opening of the Australian Juvenile Industrial Exhibition at;Bal larat, with copies of your-address on the occasion. I observe with satisfaction the success which r has attended the first exhibition of this nature op, an extensive scale that has taken place in the Australian colonies.—l have, &c.;, (signed) M. E. Hicks-Beaoh.” : _ Our -Smythesdale correspondent ■’’writes:—“ A silly canard has got currency at Piggoreet relative ;to a ghost, no doubt in the flesh, having been seen roaming at large adjacent: to;; the precipitous - cliffs of- that romantic township, as usual dressed in white,” .. On Sunday last, the occasion of the Dawson street Congregational '.Church: 'Sunday-school anniversary, special sermons were preached. In the morning-the Kev. William Allan, of Maryborough, occupied! the pulpit, and the text of his sermon was Deuteronomy vL, 6-9. In the afternoon Mr M. Hosking, Town missionary, addressed the children, and in the evening Mr Allan again preached, his text being Proverbs xix., 27. The collections during the day amounted to nearly £9. ■- On-Tuesday evening a tea meeting was held, and was well attended.-- Ladies connected-witti :the church provided the tea; and presided s at ,;the tables.-' Mr JUlari'afterwaids delivered--his I “Candle ” lecture, a Scriptural : object; lesson. - t lt,.is entirely original, “arid- must' 5 not "be confounded- with-Mr Spurgeon’s lecture bearing the same title. Mr Allan illustrated it by lighting arid extinguishing alarge and beautiful collection of wax candles," and by the. use of a -pretty -model lighthouse.-' fle. aucceeded in 'tho roughly interesting,everyone present’'!lv; * ,n: : The police force of-the- colony is on the whole a very efficient one, bat ho one has' ever complained, • so far, of..haying top- much police’ protection,, yet we learn on good authority that the .force; is to be reduced shortly by 200 men, chiefly officers long in the service, by .whose dismissal now the .Government 5 proposes to save the .extra compensation which would-, accrue to the meri by a few more years’ service. , ; la respect of police-'matters’ it is stated that Geelong will, be .the head- quarters of,the .amalgamated Ballarat and Gee long districts. - —:_.v ; A correspondent writes asiqUows: from a nice little town riot long ago, drivingTcomfortably along the road, I, as usual, called for refreshments for -myself-arid-good hone. In point of-fact, the horse and, myself had an undentood -agreement on the matter, and I always kept it faithfully. The house was a s decent’ arid fair place of.Accommodation, com fort in the rooms, cheerfulness'- around in the pic tures, and the landlady a comfortable'sprt .pf person. Well, at this place I called, and the rain coming down sharply at the time, the cold, wintry’wind blowing fiercely cutting up loose matters rather freely, a very storm of; windy rain set in, and glad was I that I had got to’such -comfort, warmth, and- agreeable shelter. The wind may.blo'w,' the. rain triay 'come,, what care I, housed as I was. ;_But, midst the out in the.rain—what can it be ? a jittie bundle of ".wot.rags stands in the porch'of the publiohouse. There she atarids! no; shoes; no spcks, arid-the! drily covering she : had about her,; a cotton print. .Yes! dear Editor; this little girl, about six years old;-stood there with a.gin ‘bottielpr beer![and held pusher little,' ritiinbed hand, 'gave the 1 ' sixpence,' got the’ beer! arid werit her way. She, pcoj limhf m <99 V9< <9 91989 tta o£ the door,_ This took place in half the me to write it. I went to the little child 8 a few questions, gave a little money in herllm' hand, and she went home; and, lookiL ,1 httl ® where she had stood, a pool of blood waa B th» the ?P° t had trickled from a cut in one of her7e“ the doorstep for all time into my mind. ThXtf keeper saxd ‘lt jb the old, old story-drink h fh ' will have it one way or another.’ I made u e ? ness to further see the family, and found woman with a rather numerous family rather starving, m a one-roomed hut: her S, i away to try hia luck at Stockyard Creek. What lam has never made me regret, or have I felt .m,-T and 3 for it. But the question to my mind is how^ 0 "* families are there now suffering so cmeffv clement weather ? and. to ask all ■ power to show at this season kindness in many W 1 to distress and suffering. Never mind thecaK suffering and distress is near you, help insnl’ * hour, with, kindness shown, will soften m anv W ships, and pity with assistance, a harvest of -ness will spring to the hearts of both the S _ T^"l“ yt^M^o . corr ® spona ® nt - write a that “'a son of Mr Simon Morrison, of Learmonth, has hein? 11 pointed to a clerkship in the Bank of Austria b the former town. «nuaaain _ Under , cover _ from Sir Michael • Hicks-Beaoh hia Excellency Sir George Bowen has received the follow mg'acknowledgment from the Indian Office of subscriptions raised in Victoria to alleviate the dish™ occasioned by the Indian famine “ The India nwT to the Colonial Office. India Office, flth May ]R7« Sir.-I am directed by the Secretary of State or India in Council to acknowledge the receipt of vo„r letter of 15th Apnl enclosing copy of a despatch from the Governor of Victoria, with which the final renorf of the committee in Melbourne for collecting subacrin tions in aid of the Indian Famine Belief Fund is for" warded, ~lam directed by Viscount Cranbrook to request that, with the permission of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, am expression of his heartfelt gratitude may be conveyed to hia Excellency Sir George Bowen to,Mr Patterson, and the ex-Mayorof Melbourne the members of the committee, and to the general bodv of the inhabitants of the colony of Victoria, for thu ■splendid proof of their benevolent sympathy with the Bufferings of the people of India; which will be fully appreciated by every class of her Majesty’s sub. jeotsin. that country.—l have, Ac., Edwakd Stah- Hoffl. The Under-Secretary of State, Colonial Office.” . The following acknowledgment of the petition to the Queen on political affairs in the colony, sent homo in February last, was published as a supplement to the Government Gazette on Monday night:—“The Bight Hon.‘ the Secretary of State for the Colonies to his Excellency the Governor of Victoria.—Downing street;; 30th April;lB7B.—Sir,—l have received your despatch of the 21st of : February, transmitting 3 petition to the Queen frolri persons resident in and around Melbourne, in reference, to the then existing state of political affairs in Victoria. The crisis in the affaira -of the ’ colony, to which the petition calls attention, haying come to an end by the. compromise which has been agreed upon between the Council and Assembly, it is happily unnecessary to! m 8 to tender any advice, to Her Majesty with respect to trio nra J er of the petitioners. Lrequest, however, that you win inform then! that their, petition has been bid before the Queen, arid that her' Msjesty has been pleased to. receive..it very, graciously.—l have, Sc!, M.‘ E -Hicks-Beach.” . ' “In response to an'advertisementrabout half a score .of the employeea.at the late Exhibition assembled'at the 'Brick’s' Head hotel on Tuesday night, when it transpired that some of .them seemed, to think that they; deserved a benefit at the hands of the public, but .after A! little diacuasiqn ainong.themselvea the idea was AbamdonOdV and it.,was’ admitted that a mistake bad -been made in calling the meeting.. •The whole of. the evidence in the equity auit of Lorigataff-y has been; taken,' and" arguments will be heard next!, week., 1 The death of the Hon. Dr Hope, for many years a member of the Legislative Council arid representative of the South-Western. Province, was announced on 24th June. The deceased gentleman (says the Qti lortg A'dveriiser ) came here some years prior to , the gold: discoveries,. and settled at Bateaford, on the Moorabool, where he formed h station, built a flour !mill,'_eatabHahed a vineyard, and engaged from time to time in various operations for the advancement of the district. ' ‘'According to the Sydney EerdliTs Melbourne cor. .respondent. Miss Carmichael engaged herself to a gentleman in the Emerald Isle . before she. sailed for Australia, and means to return shortly and marry him. ; So the; dream of tboosanda 0! poetic young ladies.m the. colonies has been rudely shattered. We may add to this that some passengers by the Cuzco, who Jately passed-through Geelong, claimed to know something of Pearce’s connections at home, and hinted that he had . left someone at the other side of the world thinking about him. There is, we admitj some impertinence in these revealed confidences; hot, then, people will' talk, arid it is one of the penalties of being famous. • Our , (Qeelong Advertiser) Morrisons correspondent writes;—“ The for the bridge across the Moorabool at Morrisons may be considered a very lucky individual. ' One of the conditions of the con* :tfaot- was that he : should keep it in repair for six months. This expired on Tuesday, the 12th inst. On the 13th be received his cheque, and handed over : the bridge intact. On the 14th the waters rose, and .washed away both banka and a portion of the bridge itself. ' The same correspondent adds that the bridge across the Moorabool, at the slate quarries, has been washed away bodily.” " The ; Chimborazo'arrived from Sydney on Monday evening (says the Argus), and will leave, here on Saturday next for Adelaide, en route for London, via the Suez Canal. The repairs rendered necessary by the accident which befel her while on the voyage to Sydney have been executed in the most satisfactory manner, and she is alleged to be as good now as ever she was. She has made a fine run round from Syd deyj and the new work stood the ordeal of boim Very heavy weather encountered at leaving. ' -The: Minister of Lands and the Minister of Mines have returned from their visit to the Inglewood dis trict, the .object of which was (says the Argus).to ascertain by personal inspection whether the Isrge mining areas reserved in the neighborhood of Wedder* burn might not be thrown open for selection.' It has been determined- that a reserve of about 38,000 awes might be revoked, making about 20,000 acres avail* able for selection. i’ So ' great. Are' the differences of opinion in the Cabinet,, airiohgst the members of the Prospecting Board themselves, and in , the mining community (says the. Telegraph), 'os to the proposed distribution of the first year’s vote, that it is almost certain the whole of it will lapse. The probability is that the Cabinet will decline to deal .with the report, and will refer IWO Parliament for. diacussion: and determination. This .Will, pt course, enable, the Treasurer-to add to ths 'credit side of the national account the lapsed £2O,Uy . \- -The Boyal Commission on the lands question began their sittings At Echnca on Monday (aaya the ATpu}- From theevidence it would appear that the in n ‘ tions of the'Parliament when it framed the Land Ac 1869 are not.very likely to be carried out in that dis trict. The class known-as “boss cockies’ is wpi J fncreasingr “These men hold from 2000 to 4000 * and many of therii are not at all scrupulous as to o .they’acquire land,' A very great number of se 88 in this’.district have been , compelled to sell their ingß-in; consequence of insufficient means—w > the Lands Department has been giving ® wa J p it. lands.',wholesale, to scapegraces and neisr-do- • Two men named Tatham and M’Loan, who * \ • Crown' lands bailifis, gave some rather star g dence,’in which they levelled all sorts 0 ? i nßl , and charges against rriany persons, mcludmg Minist and.officers of. their.department. • , -MiNews. of a satistaotory character (says .Toes y® = Qeelong AdvertiserJ continues to arrive t scene, of operations at the wreck of nnger ’There is now every probability of work being ■taken from seaward of the wreck by J«j** engaged in saving cargo are confident of o 8 large quantity of goods shortly. During .jyjj heavy gales ;the sea dashed wldly arid a report was spread abroad that the carg: had been saved and left on the beac^- bad b washed out to sea again. This 18 not - bt taken .however. 'A quantity of car 8° and was buried away by .the waves, but most of that sav ® dug in aandj and at the present time good out of the beach:to, the depth of about fiteea {^ul roads tbMhe . coast Are reported to, be m a state, owing to the’wet-weather. • Wooda ’ We /Argus) have already referred to “ a by arbitrary manner, of dealing with teQd ®"! tisem ent«. the Bailway Department m answer to saver The latest instance afforded is his , ace ®P** boo b,tallß, tender of MrN. Levi for leasing the g h sst although' it was about £l5O lower ‘ba Jaderer, tender! Mr James KeUy. the b.gb«t & on learning from the Argv* on | waited lower tender than his had been P. f the rioou, the, Chief . Secretary to a Mr conduct. -of. the .Minister of .^,5’ Ke lly had Berry,: who appeared; to: agree tha r w6t a good-grounds for bbe complaint t 0 M k as stated,, referred him to air 00ag,how him te further consider the matter. teD der;ou eVer, the ground of that gentlemanais g? an(l though Mr establishment of a circulating bbrary. abouE aC ir- Kelly pointed out that nothing was saia {hB cuteting libwy >9 tbq jonitwus un« . - were called for, - the Minister -wm obdurate. W? Kelly urged that he might, after the Minister had; Sncided to establish a circulating "library, have been llawed. as the highes't - tenderer, to say whether; ho would agree to the altered conditions, but Mr Woods moiled that this would have been to give Mr Kelly tha benefit of Mr Levi’s idea, which Mr Woods cpa- Stored- an extremely happy one—evidently, in his opinion, worth more than the £l5O difference between the tenders. . . The Denilignin Chronicle states, that “the Rev, James Swindells, late of Cape Clear, in the diocese' of Ballarat has been appointed to the pariah of St. Barnabas, Balranald. Mr Swindells preached at St. Paul’s here on Sunday last, and judging from his ftvle in the pulpit, Balranald people will doubtless have reason to be satisfied with the clergyman selected pr them by the' bishop of the diocese.” * From our (Eerald) Cooktown correspondent we have to-day (Tuesday) most important intelligence in reference to the discovery of gold in New Guinea. ;It seems that on Mr Goldie’s report becoming known to them a number of Australian miners then in Borneo formed themselves into a prospecting party, who landed on the eastern shore of New Guinea, where thev almost immediately discovered rich auriferous deposits, and at the date of-last advices had netted £750 per man for six weeks’work, A :: ; ■ . A Eerald telegram from Cooktown on Tuesday states.—“A match’has'been made'at Cooktown between J. Watson and'George Cronk—the latter an old Ballarat pedestrian—to: run 300 yards, on tho 29th July, for £2OO a side. One-half of, the stakes has been deposited.” Mr Campbell’s varied lecture entertainment, with choice vocal and instrumental„ music by some well-, known and gifted local amateurs, will take place to morrow evening, at 8 o’clock, in the assembly-room of; the Alfred-hall. The proceeds will be handed to the voluntary buth mission fund. There ought to be a' good attendance. . ‘ ' Customers of the Ballarat Banking Company are . requested to forward their pass-books to the bank oh or before the 29th inst. for half- yearly balance. The Orphan Asylum invite tenders in our adver tising columns for making and fixing two new lavatories. ■ ■ , The supplementary lists tor the Warrenheip divi. - non of the electoral district of Ballarat East can now hs inspected at the registrar’s office, Leigh Creek, until 18th July. Tenders are invited in our advertising columns for a supply of flour by the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum. A football match will be played to-day between the Christian Brothers second twenty andthe first twenty of the Grammar School. The following will represent the C.B.:—A Stratton, -E. Newman, L. Irwin,, E. Franklin, J. Bull, B. O’Connor, New, Brophy. (2), C. Carey, A Webster, J. Cain, Cotter (2), L. Crowley, Kirby, D. Coleman, H. Cotter, L. D. Montgomery,’ C, Kean, E. Kean. Play to start at 2 o’clock. - The longer Madame Cora 'and her company stay here, the more popular do they seem to become. On Tuesday night the Mechanics’ Institute-hall, • and especially the back portion of it, was well filled,' and every part of the entertainment seemed to give satis faction. Mr Hart’s clarionette solo was very funny, while Miss Russell’s clever impersonation of a middy was very much applauded. ' 