) OUR AMATBDR TI-IlilATRICALS AT -j 1 ) BOOLONG. / lie jests at scars who never felt a woiiml — Rojiko. ( One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, ) of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, ) was when he made his first .and only appearance as fan ' ) actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at'his / \ own house in Boolong, He, for some unknown reason, nad ( conceived that he was bora to be an actor— to tread the / boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it ) was, fooli.sh notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar ilehwt. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney \ managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing ( red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appear.ance in Hamlet" r at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the r bull by the horns" and get -up a company of his own down ) at his place at Boolong, He went to enormous expense 1 in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do the < thing well and in tip- top style. Hs got together a kind r of scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am- r bitious amateurs, Oagc-r "to fret their hour upon the ) stage," and one or two saely outcasts of the profession; " ) and he looked forward to the proliictiou of his pet play, \ " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, f hot unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ) hiohth's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their \ words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of r them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ) intoxicated, and the King likewise ; Ophelia, an- amateur, . \ burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen r lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who ) assembled to assist at the amateuFperformance. But this \ was not the- worst, for Banbury found that'when the bills ( came in the expense was twice as large: as he had expected, ) and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, y " allowed me to have whateverT wanted oh credit, because ' they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- : ) ist, would pay them, but I knew very well he' would do no V such thing when he found they were for theatrical trap- ' pings, for if there was one thing he held in abhorrence it ) was the theatre." What was he to do ? His uncle would . disinherit him, turn him out of the house he had furnished ' for; him, and send him adrift on the world. What was he ) to do ? His creditors would not wait and he would he a miserable pauper. But for all this he did not lose his ' house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his ) name, thanks to the timely aid of one who is a friend to , the drama as well as to the rest of the world, who advanced ' him the needful. Need we say his name. No ; all know ) him 1 But we may as well remark it was the champion , of the distressed, , DAVID HENRY, of 52 Goilins street east, ) Who has from £5 to £10,000- to lend on notes of hand, bills \ of sale (with or without security), salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, ) merchandisej on ex pee ted remittances, or on moneys per- V sons m.ay be. entitled to. froni. England and elsewhere, etc., ( repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. ) . Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and \ mortgages from 6 per cent. 