NEWS, OF THE DAY. Tho following is the Government programmo for the lost few days of the session. This evening thero will he a count-out or adjournment, or other device, the result of which will ho "no House." To-morrow tho same tactics will be . repeated unless the House consents to-day to adjourn to Tuastluy, On Tuesday next tho prorogation will take place, and on Wednesday tho excursion down tho Bay in tho Nelson. Tho Ministry evidently do not expect much from the Assombly'sconsideration of the Council resolutions in reference to tho Reform question, and expect to prorogue shortly. As evidencing this, it may ho mentioned that the tickets for admission to the prorogation ceremony hare been issued. ' Tlie intelligence that Jcllalabad has been evacuated by the Ameer's troops and occupied by the British is satisfactory in tho extreme The difficulties of tho Khyber Pass were all that our troops feared, and now theso have been passed. Tho occupation of Jellalabad will give tho British a strong footing in Afghanis tan, as it is a town of 110 small importance, and is to tho British what Adrianoplo was to tho Russians during tho Turko-ltussian war. Fortified as it is by nature, and consi dered almost impregnable, the English troops will have 110 difficulty in marching forward, with tho assurance that thoy have such an im portant fortress to fall back on in cases of omcrgcncy. The success of the other parts of tho invadin army, which are travelling from Quottah and Mooltan, is also very satisfactory. Once Jellalabad, Candahar, and Dakha are in the possession of tho English, tho capture of tho whole of ' Afghanistan is certain. There is yet another point that is brought forward in the success that has attended the British arms, which is, that the Indian soldier (Sepoy) has proved that he is able to hold his own against other nations, and !b well Bkillod in tho modern mode of warfare. With such generals as Sir Fred. Paul Haynes and SI: Neville B. Chamberlain, tho Sopoy will prove more than a match for tho Muscovite, should I10 interfere. Mr Dwyer renewed an application to th : Supremo Court in Banco to-day for a writ 0' habeas corpuB to bring up J osepli Brngge Slack, who is at present confined in the Melbourno gaol, in order that ho might bo discharged. The application was grounded on two affidavits made by Slock, and two by his solicitor, Mr Marcus Seivwright, tholattortwo being of a corroborative naturo. Thoy Bet forth that on the Cth inst. his Honor Mr Justice Molesworth mado an order that Slack should be imprisoned for two months for con tempt of court. That on the 8th Slack sur rendered himself 111 court, and was desirous of making an application to Mr Justico Molesworth for a rulo nisi to set nsido tho pro ceedings, but that Mr Justico Molesworth | would not hear - him till he wa3 in custody That lio was then given over to tho custody of the Deputy-Sheriff (at 11 o'clock) and detainod till 3 o'clock, when I10 was again taken before Mr Justice Molesworth, who told him lie might go home, which ho did. That on tho 13th he was arrested by Henry J. Mays, a sheriff's officer, 011 a warrant for contempt of court. That that contompt was identical with the contempt from whioh lie was discharged by Mr Justice Molesworth. That he had never been served with a copy of the order made by Mr Justice Moles worth, calling upon him to show cause why I10 should not be committed, or with a copy of the order committing him to gaol. That 011 tho 8th inst, and several times since, he applied to the governor of tho gaol for a copy of tho warrant upon which ho was detained, hut that lie did not obtain it. That ho be lieved lie was now suffering twice for the same offence, and that such was contrary to thelaws of England. Mr Dwyer argued that as there was only one offence, there could be only one punishment. Slnck hnd been in cus- 'tody to undergo his sentence for that offence, and was discharged by the judge, who made the order for his imprisonment. Tho court granted the habeas corpus, in order that the warrant and the order of commitment might he bufore them. The writ was made returnable for Friday next, and it was inti mated that notice should .be given to the Master-in-Equity, or whoever signed the warrant for Slack's apprehension. For somo time past there have been exagge rated rumors abroad in reference to the action - to be taken in the ease of tho Hand and Band Company v. the National Bank. Tho bank was ordered by his Honor Mr Justice Moles worth to deliver up possession, but this lias not been done, as the bank alleges, simply because the lease of the mine has been forfeited for non-payment of rent, , and that, therefore, there is no mine to deliver up possession of. However, a writ has been issued against tho directors of tho hank, call ing 011 thorn to appeal- and show cause why they hud not complied with the order of tho court. Tlie writ is returnable on Monday next ; but in the meantime the bank directors aro having the necessary affidavits prepared, and to-morrow will make an application to have it set aside. A day or two ago wo mentioned that tlie Minister of Railways had not decided 011 accepting any of the tenders for tlie supply of locomotives and onginc-whools. Tho matter was still open this forenoon, but the Minister is likely to decide it one way or tho other before tho day is out. Tlie iron trade await with much interest either the acceptance of tenders, or tho announcement that there will be another competition. A few members of tlie Victorian Railways Benefit Club waited on the Minister of Rail ways to-day to ask for a site for an office' on the station,' and Mr Woods said ho would look round and sea if he could allot 011c. A deputation from tho Richmond Town Council; waited 011 the Postmaster General to day, to ask him whether or not the Council could at once call for tondors for a clock for tho Town Hull, towards tho cost of which the Government hod prouiiseAj'to contribute onc- lialf. The Council Btuted they had voted their proportion of tlie cost of the clook, and wero ready to go 011 with tlie work. Mr Patterson was not pre- . sent, butMr Jackson promised to call his at tention to the matter, and send a reply to the Council without delay. The new post-office was also talked over, and Mr Jackson promised to call tho Postmaster-General's attention to this matter also. At the District Court to-day, Jaines Harper appeared oil summons for using bad language to two railway porters, named Gregory and Cuinming, while these men wero 011 duty at the- Spencer street Railway Station. Mr Harcourt prosecuted for the Railway depart ment, and asked the bench to deal severely with tlie oases, as a warning to persons inclined to use foul language 011 railway platforms. De fendant pleaded that ho wasuhder theinfhieneo of drink when ho committed the offence. Tlie. bench inflicted a fine of £2, and £3 12s costs. Application was made to-day, by Mr Budd, solicitor, at tho City Polico Court, that bail might be granted for Martin Wiberg, late ear- jienter of the P. and O. steamer Avoca, who is at present remanded on tho charge of stealing live thousand sovereigns from that vessel. Mr Budd urged that as the seeond-mate (Elliston) was in custody, there should be no objections raised to the application being granted. Mr l'anton, P.M., said that, before deciding, he would communicate with tho Polico depart ment, and asked Mr Budd to renew tho appli cation on Friday. Tho feeling manifested amongst the un employed seamen at tho wharves and ill the neighborhood of theshipping offices, in/elation tojtho Chincso question at Sydney, was very strong, many of them expressing a desire to got to that port to join in the strilie, stating that if such a tiling wero to happen in this port, foreo would be resorted to to prevent the Celestial obtaining employment 011 board tho various outgoing vessels, where white men could find labor with more advantago to both sidos. A clause of an act, which although in force is seldom put into execution by the authorities, relating to the regulating of tho pace of horses driven past places of religious worship was carried out by the Emerald l-Kll Bench this morning. A cabman, named William M 'Donald, was noticed by Constable Rogers to drive his horse at a trotting pace past tho churches 111 Clarendon-stroet, and was sum moned for that offence this morning. Tlie Bench imposed a fine of 10s with 2s Oil costs, with a caution that if tho offenco were repeated, an increase in tho amount of tho penalty would bo the consequence. The arrival of the Australian cricketers is anxiously expected. They will put up at tho Civil Service Club Hotel, Collins street, where thoy stopped on their previous visit to Mel bourne, before their departure for England. Mr Trump the landlord received a teleram from Mr Conway to that effect yesterday. Mr Conv.-ay also intimated that the eleven since their arrival in Sydney, hud been inundated with congratulatory telegrams from Victoria, for which they wero truly grateful, A cad mistake was perpetrated by our City I'olice Court reporter yesterday. lle- ferring to a robbery from the Latrobe Hotel, liemr.de it appear that Andrew Fforter was tho culprit , and that lie received a seiitonco of twelve months' imprisonment, with hard labor. The facts are that Mr Andrew Ffor ter is the landlord of tho Latrobe Hotel, Latrobe strcot (not Victoria street, as stated), and ho prosecuted a man, named William Sander, for stealing a sum of 20s, and Sander recoivcd a sentence of twelve months. Tho mistake has caused Mr Fforter a great deal of annoyance, for whiph wo are deeply sorry, and tho earliest means of setting tho matter right are adopted. Mr Pforter's friends, however, would not ha likely to bo misled, especially as I10 was made to appear to liuvo been convicted of stealing his own money. The stcarn tug Wariiawk having completed her repairs, got up steam this morning, and towed the Platypus down tho river. The Harbor Trust anchored a large punt in 'the place the dredge occupied, right against the piles, on which it is intended to keep men 011 guard to tee that the works of tho Commission are not interfered with. Alongside the watch- punt was a large pontoon, on which Beveral men were engaged niBwinging it round into a better position. In doing to 1I10 hoavy corner came in contact with a small yacht belonging to the dock proprietors, which was anchored in plaoo of tho ono disabled yesterday. Tlie men on the pontoon continued their operations and the heavy construction threatened to destroy tho little boat completely. When asked by Messrs Wright and Orris foreman if they in tended to (destroy this |hout also, tlio mail in charge of the punt replied that " he didn't care a for them or their boat either." Finally, howovcr, the boat was released and saved from a similar fate to the first one. It is intended to leave the large punt at anchor in front of tlie dock for an in definite period, after tho fashion of a man in possession of a bankrupt estate, to ill- event any antagonistic proceeding on tlie part of the dock proprietors. , A fire on a small scale occurred at Vordon street, Williamstown, this morning, between three and four o'clock. The house has peon unoccupied for somo three weeks past. amlT owned by a Mr O'Brien. It is ,!! 'J that the building is fully insured. ' T'T'JV Kj»S Smith was brought before Hi. City Police Court to-day 011 achargcof burnln'!! warehouse, and, at the request of Mr M,,!., worth, the bench adjourned tho case to Friil iJ next. The police have succeeded in obtaining freBli evidence 111 the case since tho offence «/< committed on tlie 28th October. M A gentleman, who visited tho Frnlu-an School of Mines last night, informs us that tlm pujiils are making rapid progress under their efficient masters. (there was a largo attend mice, and evidently great interest is taken i,,' the matter. 1 lie pupil's exhibition is to tuki! place 011 the 17th of next month, and promE to be one of the best. M The hon. secretary of tlie Eallarat Cricl-.i Club yesterday morning forwarded to Svdn.v the following complimentary telegram to X D. Gregory, the captain of the Australia,, cricketers:— "The Bftllarat Cricket Club cm gratulates the Australian Eleven 011 their arrival, and also on the grand succor during their tour.- J. J. Brokenshire, lio„ S rotary. During the afternoon tlie follo'wiu, reply was received :— "The Australians tlianf Ballarat cricketers for their congratulation/ and send you all their kind greetings.— J0i."n' Conway, manager of Australian cricketers." The usual quarterly meeting of the coin- lnittee of management of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows was held at the Tomner ance Hall, ltussell street, on WcdnosiL- 20th inst., at II a.m. Present : Br ! '. P. Riddell, Grand Master, in the chair Tuff, Deputy G.M.; R. B. West, Grind .treasurer j I directors, James Lester, Jam„ leerly, J. IL Hook, and Joseph Waterworth- H. Turner, Grand .Secretary. Tlie minutes of the previous meeting were read and con. firmed. A large amount of business of crest importance was brought before the meeting. At 5.30 p.m. an adjournment was nuuU to 10 a.m. 011 Thursday, when tho re mainder of tho business was disposed of Tho G.M. then presented Past Grand Master James Lester with a very handsome collar with Past Provincial Grand Master's medal at! tachoil, in recognition of liis services in con ncction with tho Order. G.M. James I ltiildell, recently returned from England, gave an interesting account of his visit, and the cordial reception of the committee of manage ment, districts and lodges visited by him. One pleasing item was the successful establishment of club-houses in connection witli the Order in England, and the beneficial offects upon the members and the districts in which taey are situated. The address presented by the cum- mittee of management, England, to G.if. lliddell, with his reply thereto, was read to the meeting. A cordial vote of thanks to G.M. lliddell, for tho able manner in which he repre sented tho Order in England, concluded tho business of the meeting. James Aberncthy and Charles Anderson, two seamen, were each fined ten shillings, or three days' imprisonment at tlie WilliamHtowa Court this morning for assaulting each other. Anderson was further fined -a similar sum, or imprisonment, for resisting the police while on tlie way to the lock-up. . Some of the "kits" carried about their per sons by the loafers who infest the gardens aru of a mixed description, but that found -on the person of a noted tramp, named Joseph Miller, alias Loroy, arrested this morning in the Trea sury Gardens, for indecency, by Constable Gor man, lias so charming a variety about it that wo give a list of its items in full : — Item, 1 jiocket or memorandum book ; item, 2 knives; item, 2 onions; item, 3 letters; item, 1 child's sock; item, 1 pieco of broken comb; item, 8 nails; item, 1 screw; item, 1 rusty brooch; item, 1 piece of slate pencil; item, i pipe; itom,|3 buttons; item, 1 picoe of clmlf ; item, 2 hair pins; item, 1 piece candle; item, 2 pieces dirty white rag; item, 1 piece of lining of a hat, with a name written on it; item, 2 matches, item, very small ptece of tobacco; item, 2 art union tickots ; item, 12s lld in cash. Tho man presented a most disgusting appearance. A little fellow named Jaines Thibon, whose bend scarcely reached the top of the dock, appeared before tho City magistrates to-day, at tho instance of his foster mother, on a charge of stealing sums'of money at various times from her. It would appear that young Thibon was tlie illegitimate child of someone in Sandhurst, and had been fostered by Mrs Thibon from tho tender age of fifteen months. He was always well cared for and clothed ; yet, with all tho kind treatment of his foster parent, the young ingrate for the past four years has regularly pilfered money and other tilings from Mrs Thibon. Under these cir cumstances, the foster mother applied an order to send Master Thibon for two years to the Industrial Schools, to see if that would have the effect of making him more honest in the future. Mr Pnnton, P.M., considered that as the responsibility of bringing tip the child had been taken by Mrs Thibon, it was a strange thing for her to make an application to sond the boy to tlie Industrial School. He said, however, he would consider the application, and remanded the youngester for seven days. It has often been a source of merriment to read descriptions of various places in Australia, and items of news respecting Australian sub jects, which have from time to time appeared in tho English journals. The usually " well- informed" newspapers have frequently showed an extraordinary deficiency in the knowledge of geographical matters affecting the colonies; but the most ludicrous item of news yet pub lished about Australia is certainly that which appears in # tho ninth edition of the "Encyclo) asdia Britnnnica," now in course of publication, g a book which costs £2 2s per volume, and considered) tlie best authority upon nearly every Bubject. Tho volume in question contains an article on. browing, and it furnishes the following interesting, as well as laughable, notice with respect to colonial ales, and the manner in which they are ex ported. It says — "The best colonial beer is mado in Tasmania, whence it is shipped in frozen blocks to Australia and India. In Calcutta, on tho hottest day, the residents now suck (not sip) their frozen pale ale." The novelty of frozen ale from these colonics has evi dently yet to bo introduced, and there can scarcely be a doubt but that the editors of the Encyclopedia Britnnnica must have been made the victims of a stupid hoax. The facetiously- inclined individual, who has personated a ghost at Richmond and Prahrau some time ago, turned up again on Sunday even ing in the Royal Park, at Ilothain. A young man named Andrew Jackson was crossing the park, in company with a lady friend, on tho main track near the Sydney Road, when a tall dark object darted out from behind somo timber, and hovered close to them for some time, and finally, with an unearthly shriek, disappeared. The lady having fainted, Jackson was unable to pursue the object, lus exertions being devoted to her restoration. It is a pity that the offender has not been brought to justice, serious consequences having already resulted from hib senseless freaks of question- ablo humour. ThoBendigo Advertiser writes A curiosity in the form of an egg was yesterday shown te us by Mr Colcntt, of Williamson street. The egg weighed doz.,.antl was consequently ot I great size, being no less than 8in. in length j and 7Mn. in circumference. So far there was j nothing very strange about it, hut when the j egg was broken, inside was found a smaller | egg about half tlie size. The small egg was om- f bedded in thealbuincn, but on itsbemg opened was itself found to be perfect— shell white, and a yolk all properly formed. Thw douuw » barrelled production was the effort of an j ordinary barn-door fowl. - According to the Melbourne correspondent of the Catnperdown Chronicle, a reconstruction of the Ministry is certain to taxs place Iwf ! Parliament re-assembles for the session of IJi J- OneMinidtergoes, to the Land Tax Commission, ; vico Trench, superannuated and pensioned. ' second takes the Speakership, vice Sir OitarM Gavan Duffy, retired. Say that a third takej the Agent-Generalship, and yon havc)JJnlffi a remnant left. I predict that before another twelve montha have elapsed, this countr) win linve passed through a quiet revolution. The Goeiong Aclvortiser says that an other snake incident haB to be chronicled. Friday lost Mr Hopwood, a resident at t ie Duck Ponds, hod a canary and ii parrot mcs„e« suspended from a beam across tho .. liis house, the cages being closo to lattico ivoi r , against which climbing plants wero grow j>- . tlie afternoon the parrot was heard to -amide my cease talking, anil-to Hcrccch out aiul mas great fluttering noise against the c,,3e- Hopwood ran outrido to siscertsuu tho c. , » and was astonished to find the I''" '"1. btripped of its plumage, and toseo t ic « a snake swinging around the cnge. h'.i b loaded gun close by Mr I lopwnnd si u t' M snake, which measure. 1 411. 7m. Tho cnge which hnd contained tlm cai an j found empty, and when the snake s , bo ly opened tlie dead canary was found in tlio ri tile's inside, whilst tho featliers.f lie an were also found in tho snake. i month a timat. Tho parrot died soon afterwards. srafco liacl ovidontly crawled up the lattice- work, and thus attacked the caged birds. . The Melbourne correspondent of the Wnrr- nombool Standard writes The press organ of the Liberal party also reminds ine of something p|,e L'ho other evening 111 the Assembly Mr i'iirvcs assorted that Mr lierry had it in view to niako up his embassy to the throo originally imposed, by tnking a gentlemen who did not hold a seat either in the Assembly or in the Council. Although Mr Berry feebly denied the statement, Mr Purves asserted that he heard it from Mr Berry's own lips. No name was mentioned, but it is scarcely a secret that the person alluded to was Mr David Syme, the managing proprietor of the Age newspnpor. Tarn not aware, however, whether Mr Berry tvcr received any encouragement from Mr Svme in tlio matter. In refcrenco to tho trade in butter and eggs at Gcelong, the Advertiser remaks At the lircscnt timo Mr Warren has seven tons of butter nwaiting the treatment of potting, and on Monday 300 kegs were shipped from his store. During the past ten weeks 120 tons of Dotted butter have been sent away from the establishment, and the_ seven men who are continually at work in the store have not had any spare time to idle about. In the busy season a cooper lias to be constantly employed, and three hands are also engaged in performing the office work. J'oiir or fivo years ago several firms used to take from Mr Warren about 300 kegs annually, but now their orders average from li'iOO kegs to 2000 kegs each per year, showing that they are perfectly satisfied with the quality of the butter, and at tho same time proving that the simple process of "packing" j bus been very effective. It is expected that 200 tons will be shipped from tho stores this season. Mr Warren in his business supplies the Melbourne market with eggs, and 011 an average, during tho season, his men manage to send away from the store from 1000 dozen to 1500 dozen per week. The eggs are packed in cases, in chaff, eacli case holding 23 I dozen. I The Castlemnine Representative of Monday I night says It appears that the Potice de- I iinrhnont entertain an idea of the possibility of I one ofthc Kelly gang (said to be wounded) liav- I ingtnken up hiB cpinrters in one of thehospitnLs. I Constable M'lntyre lias been going the round I of the different institutions inspecting the I patients, for the purpose of satisfying tho de- I partment that tho individual has not taken re- I fugo in one of them. Last week the constable I visited the Cnstlcmuine and other hospitals in I the district, but so far without success." I The Geelong Advertiser states that during I tho past days great destruction luis been enr- I lied 011 in the Market square and Bellerine I street reserves. Some persons have broken off I branches and stripped tho bark off a number of I trees, doing durnugo to tho amount of £20, I The destroyers of the ornamental trees have I managed to chide the observation of the police, I although Constable Keegan— who was reck- I oned a terror among the larrikin class at lCme- I raid hill— lues been doing duty in the town in I plain clothes. Yosjerduy evening, however, I three boys were observed prowling about the I Market square reserve, and one of them named I Thomas I letoher climbed into a tree and broke I > couple of branches. He was caught by Ccm- I stable Keegan and takon to the lock-up. Tho I young ttrisoner's companions escaped, but I they will be summoned by tlio police. I lho Witnmera Star writes: — As a conso- I queuce of tilt, financial difficulties of Messrs I Holmes, Wtiite and Co, Mr Andrews, manager I «f the Horsliam branoh of tho Bank of Victoria, I proceeded on Saturday to tho South Brighton I itation, tho property of tho firm, and took for- I mal possession for advances made by his bunk. I Thoro will be no ohango m tho manager- I ahip, Mr Potter, continuing in the posh I lion which be has hitherto so efficiently I filled. Tliero are about thirty thousand sheep I on tire run, besides cattle, horses, etc. It is to I be hoped that the embarrassments of Messrs I Holmes, White and Co. will be only tera- I penary, but tho ventures of the firm are so I varied, and so widely scattered, that it will be I some timo before any exact estrmate of liabili- I ties or assets can be made. Apart from com- I mereial ventures afloat, there are other station I properties in Victoria, also in New South I Wales and Queensland, really or nominally I the property of the firm. I The Horsham Times regrets to learn that I there has been a severe outbreak of diphtheria I »t Minyip. A large number of cases are re- I ported, and some deaths have occurred. .1 Ike Australian Natives' Association will hold its 'I ciutl fortnightly general meeting to night, at olght (I .'dock, at the Keforin Club Hotel, (lute Ilockln's) ' I Llizakcth street, Members are requested to attend. 