The, Queen of Sheba. :,(2?roniiTlic Atlantic Monthly.) By Thomas Bailey Aldrich. Chapter 'N. s Continued). ON THE SHADOW OF MONT BLANC, 'THE'meeting'witli'Dt. Pendegrost had been so -severe a shock to. Lynde that he could not straightway recover his mental balance.. The appalling shadow which the doctor's presence 'of had for the moment thrown across him had left Lynde benumbed, and chilled despite the re- assuring sunshine of the doctor's words. By degrees, however, Lynde warmed to life again '3's his gloom slipped off and was lost inthe . restless tides of life which surged about him. It was the hour when Paris" sits at Small green tables in front of the cafes and sips its absinthe or chassis; when the boulevards are thronged, and the rich equipages come and go. There was not a cloud in the tender blue sky against which the reddish obelisk of Luxor looked like a column of jet; the fountains were playing in the Place de la Concorde, and in the Tuileries gardens beyond the breeze dreamily Stirred the foliage which had from Lynde's view the gray facade of the gutted palace, still standing there, coloned and cracked by the fires of the Commune. Presently all this began to distract him, and when he returned to the hotel was in a humor that would have I been comparatively tranquil if so many tedious miles had not stretched between Paris and Cha amount.: , -as ,"?".?» ¦ He found Mr; Denham and Dr. Pendergrast delaying dinner for him. After dinner, seeing no prospect of renewing conversation in private with the doctor, Lynde" killed the time by writing a voluminous, letter to, Flemming, whose name he had stumbled on in the passenger-list of a steamer advertised sail two days later from Liverpool. As Lynde took his seat. in the railway carriage that night he had a feeling that several centuries had elapsed since day-break. Every moment. 'Was smooth to him until he could get back to Chamouny; The thought that Ruth might be dangerously ill scarcely presented. itself among' his reflections. She was free, he loved her, and there was no reason why he should not try to win her, however strongly the Denham. might be opposed to him. His mind was perfectly easy on that score ; they had no right to wreck the girl's! future in their shallow fear. His two travelling companions shortly dropped asleep, but Lynde did not close his eyes during those ten weary hours to Macon'. Thence to, Geneva was five hours more of impatience. At Geneva the party halted no longer than was necessary to refresh themselves at a buffet near the station and hire a conveyance to Chamouny, which they reached two or three hours after sunset. The town still lay as Lynde had resting in the portentous shadow of the mountain, with the sullen rain dropping from the black sky. Xynde drew an alarming augury from the circumstance that Mrs. Denham did not come down to greet them. It dawned upon him then for the first time with any distinctness that Ruth might be fatally ill. - Mr. Denham, accompanied by Dr. Pendergrast,' hastened to his wife's apartments, and Lynde stationed himself at the head of a staircase in the hall, where he waited nearly an hour in intolerable suspense before the doctor reappeared. states 'says..? "What is it, doctor ?" Pneumonia. No," he added; divining Lynde's unspoken thought even before it had a fairly shaped itself in his brain, "it is not the other "You are hiding the truth from me," said Lynde, with a pang. " She is dead I" ' "No, but she is very low. The disease is approaching a crisis'; a change must take place by to-morrow. Frankly, I dread that change. I am hiding nothing from you." " Is there no hope 1 You do not mean that 1" " I am afraid I do. Perhaps it is because she is so dear to me that I always anticipate the worst when she is concerned. The other physician is more sanguine ; but then he does, not love Ruth as I do." . . " You might have saved her !" " Everything has been done that could be done. He is a person of remarkable skill, this Paris physician. I could have advised no change in his treatment of the case if I had been on the spot at first. That is a great deal for one physician to say of another. You had better go and get some rest," added Dr. Pendergrast, in a changed voice, struck by the young man's ghastly look. " Your two night-journeys have used you up." - . , Lynde went mechanically to, his room and threw himself upon the bed without undressing. He had no inclination to sleep, but his fatigue, bodily and mental, overcame him unawares as he by listening to the, wind which swept through the mountain gorges, and- rose and fell monotonously with a sound like the rote of the sea. It was a vision of the sea that filled his unrestful slumber; Ruth was dead, she had died in his arms, and he was standing woebegone, like a ghost, on the deck of a homeward-bound ship, with the gray, illimitable waste of ? waters stretching around him. It appeared to Lynde to be in the middle of the night, though it was in fact on the edge of daybreak, that he was awakened by some one knocking softly at his door. He lighted a match, and by its momentary flicker saw Mr. Denham standing on the threshold.,,.. .--. Ruth wishes to see you," he said indistinctly and with an indecisive air. "As nearly as we can gather, that is what she wants. Come quickly!" ..,.,, ... Without waiting for a reply Mr. Denham turned and passed through the halL Lynde for as ViBileace- He was less surprised than agitated by the summons ; it was of a piece with medical from which he had been roused. - There were candles, burning on the mantel- piece of the chamber; and the dawn was" ki mt!Dm,B the window-panes. In that, weird; Wended light the face of the sick girl shone like a losing star. Lynde was conscious of no other Plane?' though Mrs. Denham and Dr. Pende grass with a third person were standing near the ctamney.place. Ruth raised her eyes and smiled Mynie as he came in 5 then her lids closed and md not open again, but the smile stayed in surfers on? her features, and a flush almost two faint to be perceived crept into her cheeks. ship stopped by the bed and took one of tW in Dd3,', She turned her head slightly on we pillow and after a moment her lips moved rem,;n!7-erem,akine an effort to speak. Lynde Two mobile' five' years breath lest suit a child escaPe his ear- But she did not lesTTun e stood there listening in the breath fain^rr!;88! the flame of the candles burned SSlwitdjTter in the increasing daylight; a slump is! j f mewhere aloft; then the sun all tL lead through the windows) and outside Dr viv were touched with sudden gold. one SW? 581 aPProached Lynde and rested the debate arm- "Youhadbettergo'now," you by and by Pered so and I come to owners sitting in the side of the bed in his own motion 6 b Read 22 He is been Perhaps tales in one posture for an hour,? UeaPDr pillars' he couldn't tell how long' Piuaine to IZ f I opened the door without abouFhlsheTrl Lyde felt the cold creeping elector." he said, desperately, "don't tell so theIbedyRi',Lf,"SJaidr)r- Pendergrast, walking up wee doubtfull SPeaking Fry slowly, as if he difficult to t S' own words and found it apace, but it in' a change has taken I ^ that Ruth Wife? for-the better- Ibe" ..^vriUlivei" was?'. N'iga" as king ; she thought so doctors to her at ou were worth- a thousand was afraid to Li. u 8 my belief- Mrs. Denham U t0 m her you had gone to Paris to fetch us, thinking it would excite her. Ruth imagined that her aunt had offended you, and thought you had gone not to return." ¦¦"?¦ : washer,,-.. ?.'.: .,'..;':. "That troubled her, in the state she was in,?; troubled her mightily.'; She has been able to take a few spoonfuls of both," the doctor went on;, irrele ventry ; her pulse is improved ; if she has no drawback She will get well." : Lynde looked around him bewilderedly,,for a moment; then he covered his face with his hands. "I thought she was dying he said, under his breath. she's'?" That beyond the nest the girl's life hung by a thread ; then the peril passed, and her recovery became merely a question of careful nursing. The days which immediately followed this certainty were the happiest Lynde had over known. Perhaps it. was because his chamber was directly over Ruth's that he sat there in the window-seat, reading from morning until night., It was as near to her as he was permitted to approach. He saw little of Mr. Denham and still less of Mrs. Denham during that week;, but the doctor spent an hour or two every evening with Lynde, and did not find it tiresome to talk of, nothing but his patient. The details of her convalescence were listened to with an interest that would have won Dr. Pendergrast if he had not already been very well disposed towards the, young fellow; several of whose New York friends, as "it transpired, were old ? acquaintances of the doctor's,?Dr.-Dillon and his family, and the Delaneys. The conversation between Lynde and Dr. Pendergrast at the Hotel Meurice had been hurried and disjointed, and in that respect unsatisfactory : but the minute history of Ruth's previous case, which the doctor related to Lynde in the course of those long; summer nights, set his mind completely at rest. " I could never have given her up, any way," said Lynde to himself. "I have loved her for three years, though I didn't know it. That was my wife's slipper after all," he added, thinking of the time when it used to seem to be sitting up for him at night, on his writing-table at River mouth ;-,....... By-and-by the hours began to drag with him. The invalid could not get well fast enough to keep pace with his impatience. The day she was able for the first time to sit up a while, in an armchair wheeled by the bedside, was as the day to the four Americans in the Couronhe Hotel. If Lynde did not exhaust his entire in- heritance about flowers on' this occasion, it was because Dr. Pendergrast objected to them in any profusion in a sick chamber. "When amI to see her ?" asked Lynde'that, evening, as the doctor dropped into the room to make his usual report.' ¦ . "Let me think, To-day is Tuesday, per- haps we shall let you see her by Friday or Saturday." ? 'Good heavens! why don't you put it off thirty or forty years of I haven't the time," returned Dr, Pendergrast laughing. , " Seriously, she will not be strong enough until then to bear the least excitement. I am not going to run any risks with Ruth, I can tell you. You are very, impatient, of course. I will give you a soothing draught." "Whatisit?" " A piece of information." "I'll take it !"- - "And a piece of advice." "I'll take that, too ; you can't frighten me." " It is a betrayal of confidence on my part," said the doctor slowly, and with an air of recon- sidering his offer. "No matter." " Well, then, Ruth's asking for you, the other night, rather amazed Denham when he came to think it over quietly, and Mrs. Denham judged' it best to inform him of the conversation which took place between you and her the morning you set out for Paris. Denham was- still more amazed. She had attempted to cure him of one astonishment by giving him another. Similia similiar character did not work that time. Then the two came to me for consultation, and I told, them I thought Ruth's case required a doctor of divinity rather than a doctor of medicine." "Did you say that!" " Certainly I did I strongly advised an operation,, and designated, the English Church here as a proper place in which to have it performed. Moreover, as a change of air would be beneficial as soon as might be afterwards, I suggested for the invalid a short trip to Geneva? with not too much company. My, dear fellow, you need not thank me ; I am looking exclusively to Ruth's happiness yours can come in incidentally, if it wants to Mrs. Denham is your ally." " Is she, indeed ? I thought differently. And Ruth"? . ? ' ? " Ruth," interposed the doctor, with a twinkle in his eyes, "Ruth is the good little girl in the primer who doesn't speak until she's spoken to." _" By Jove, she doesn't speak even then! I have tried her twice : once she evaded me, and once she refused to listen." "The results of her false education," said the doctor, sententiously. . Lynde laughed. .',.,' " To what view of the question does Mr. Denham incline?" he asked. ' ' "Denham is not as unreasonable as housed to be; but he is somewhat stunned by the unex- pectedness of the thing." "That's the information; and now for the advice, doctor." ¦¦?'¦¦ "I advise you to speak with Denham the first chance you get. You will have an opportunity this evening, I took the liberty of asking him to come up here and smoke a cigar with us as soon as he finishes his'coffee?'¦¦-'¦ Lynde nodded his head approvingly, and the doctor went on :? "I shall leave you together after a while, and then you must manage it. At present he is in no state to deny Ruth anything; he would give her a lover just as he would, buy her a pair of ear-rings. His joy over her escape from death- it was a fearfully narrow escape, let me tell you has left him powerless. Moreover, her illness, in which there has not been a symptom of the old trouble, has reassured him on a most painful point. In short, everything is remarkably smooth for you. I think that's Denham's step now in the hall," ? added Dr. Pendergrast, hurriedly., , "You can say what you please to him of Ruth ; but mind you, my dear boy, not a word at this juncture about the Queen of Sheba she's dethroned, you know 1" Chapteb.XI. from chamodhtto geneva. One morning in September, a month after all this, three persons, a lady and two gentlemen, stood on the upper step of the Couronne Hotel, waving farewell with their handkerchiefs to a carriage which had just started from the door and was gayly taking the road to St. Gervais les Bains, on the way to Geneva. A cool purple light stretched along the valley and reached up the mountain side to where the eternal snows begin. The crown of Mont Blanc, muffled in its. scarf of cloud, was in- visible. The old monarch was in that disdainful mood which sometimes lasts him for months together. From those perilous: heights came down a breath that chilled the air and tempered the sunshine falling upon Chamoimy, now silent and deserted, for the season was well-nigh over. With the birds, their brothers, the summer tourists had flown southward at the rustling of the first autumnal leaf. Here and there a guide leaned idly against a post in front of one, of the empty hotels. There was no other indication of life in the main street save the little group we have mentioned watching the departing carriage. This carriage, a maroon body set upon red and black wheels, was drawn by four white horses, and driven by the marquis. The doctor had prescribed white horses, and he took great credit to himself that morning as he stood on the hotel steps beside Mr. and Mrs. Denham, who followed the retreating vehicle rather thought- fully with their eyes until it turned a corner of the narrow street and was lost to them. Campbell Foster was once addressing a jury, and was much annoyed by Digby Seymour's carrying on a conversation the while. Presently he lost all patience, and, in his best brogue, said, "Pray, Mr. Seymour, be quiet." "My name is not Seymour it's Seymour, corrected Digby; whereupon Foster angrily rejoined, "Then, sir, see more, and say less." - PAY, sir, of what profession are you ?" said a New York counsel to a witness who had come to prove a fact, and-who was not deemed a very respectable gentleman. "Sir, I am a shoemaker and wine merchant." "A what, sir?" said the learned counsel. " A wine merchant and shoe- maker." " Then," said the counsel, -" I may describe you as a sherry cobbler." 