NEW GUINEA Our late telegrams as to the discovery of gold in this almost unknown land. have been causing considerable excite- ment. It has long been considered as more than probable that gold did exist in Papua, or New Guinea, and several prospecting expeditions have been pro- jected, some of them failing very lamentably. One expedition got wrecked, and nearly all the members accompany- ing it perished. The London Mission- ary Society, a good number of years ago, chose New Guinea as a mission field, and more than one devoted labourer in the mission field has paid with his life the penalty exacted by the deadly climate. The Rev. Mr. LAWES has been for some years in charge of the mission; and, in the small steamer sent out by the society, named the "Ellengowan," he has well explored all the coast and adjacent islands. Mr. LAWES is a comely, singu- larly modest, and intelligent man Some time ago we were fortunate in having much conversation with him on the wonderful and little known land, New Guinea The natives round the coast, and to the east, are evidently of Malay origin, he thinks, and probably overran the country ages ago, and forced the aborigines into the interior. They are split up into inumerable tribes, all speaking different dialects, and frequently at war with each other. To the west, and in the interior, we have the original Papuans with frizzled wooly hair like the Polynesians, and darker, sturdier, and more ferocious than the Malayan stock. The coast tribes live in long narrow houses, built on light piles, on the beach, in some cases a little distance out in the water, in much the same fashion as the lake villages of Switzerland in remote times The position of the houses may be, and probably is, the result of fear of incursions by the predatory tribes of the interior. Some of their customs are very curious. When any man of consequence dies, the body is laid on the ground, and over it is erected a frail canopy of bamboos and grass. By this the nearest relation of the deceased watches day and night. When the body has reached an advanced stage of decomposition, it is taken to the sea. and washed, and the bones of the skull, knee, arm, hip, and other large joints, are then daubed over with red clay and buried. In the interior, the custom varies somewhat. The bones are collected, dried, and hung up in the house, the body being first denuded of flesh by being exposed on a raised platform. The Papuans have no idea of a beneficent deity, but believe in evil spirits and ghosts. When anyone dies they think his spirit goes out to sea. They seem to hava a hazy dim idea of some future state, but there is no priesthood amongst them. There are men who propitiate evil spirits, skin somewhat to the Medicine Man of the North American Indians or the Fetish man of Africa, but no recognised priestly class. The propitiator of the unwelcome spirit visitant, is invariably a man from the inland tribes. In return for the food, and presents he gets, he pretends to drive the spirit into a hole in the earth. Polygamy is not common -- Chiefs have sometimes more than one wife, but, as a rule, the marriage tie is very much respected. The great draw- back is the climate, which is deadly. F'ever is very prevalent; the natives themselves suffer a good deal from it, but strangers invariably suffer. The use of tobacco is known among the Papuans, and they are inveterate smokers. Tobacco is cultivated in the interior, but came originally from the west. They have a curious legend about its introduction into the island, saying it was the seed of a woman named Eva, or Ava,-very strange the name should so coincide with our Mother Eve. They also chew the pan, or pepper leaf, with betel nut and lime, using the same ingredients, and in the same manner, as the Hindoos, Malays, and other Pastern peoples. The food of these islanders is principally banaas and yams. Along the east coast the gardens are neatly fenced in, and at Hood Bay there is much canoe building goes on. They are yet in the Stone Age, and use adzes made of hard, greenish stone, with broad, sharp edges, beautifully curved. With these they hew out fine roomy canoes, and perform all their wood work. On this coast, too, they all wear the nose stick, which is a cylinder of ebony or other hard wood, tipped with pearl shell, worn athwart the face, through an orifice in the cartilage between the nostrils. The one most commonly in vogue is made of part of the clam shell. It is beautifully polished, and the tips are tied round neatly with human hair. They have also ornaments of boar's tusks, which they wear in their mouths when going to battle, thinking they acquire bravery,and endurance by so doing. Mr. Lawes thinks the natives are not inimical to white men, and can be easily won by kindness, and a confident and firm demeanour. Formerly they ate their food raw and were believed to be cannibals; they are not so now at all events. The fauna is quite like the Australian chiefly marsupials; and the birds are of gorgeous plumage. Alligators are very numerous, both in salt and fresh water. The shores are fringed with dense belts of mangroves, and they also line the rivers that penetrate the interior for miles upon miles. In these mangrove swamps fever is bred; 'and the mosquitoes are de- scribed as being something awful. All tropical products would grow readily in the island, and on the ranges there is splendid grazing ground It is highly probable that minerals abound, including gold, but the climate is deadly, provisions are scarce, and a rush now would be very much to be deprecated upon the meagre evidence of the existence, of the precious metal. the result of the testing and assaying had better he learned first. Captain MORESBY'S book, though principally a record of nautical discovery, gives some valuable information about the island. Captain LAWSON'S book was a pure ro- mance. A totally imaginative fabrica- tion. Most of the English newspapers and magazines were, however, hoaxed by it. At present, the fever and deadly climate seem likely to keep this vast and fertile land for a long time free from the colonizing influences of the Anglo-Saxon race. 