Inteolmual. VICTORIA [From oar own Correspondent.] Melbourne, December 6. To-day His Excellency the Governor per formed the "happy dispatch" for the second session of the present Parliament. In the cpinion of the Opposition Press the session has been a most miserably barren one—a greater disgrace to the countiy than any of its pre decessors. In the opinion of the Ministerial organ no previous period was marked by more thorough honest work on the part of our legis lators, and the good produced far exceeds the average that may be looked for in a Victorian Parliamentary session. One side says that everything has been sacrificed to the one hollow and pitifnl result, the £5,000 vote for the Berry Pearron mission home, the expense of the session all told being reckoned at something like £100,000. On-the other hand it is con tended that for snch a grand step towards the splendid reform that is coming it was worth spending the whole of any session and twice the money, bat that as a fact a number of usefnl measures have been passed into the bargain. As usual the trnth lies somewhere between the two. It is undeniable that besides their own majority the Government have been greatly strengthened by the weakness, want of onion, and apparent lack of interest on the part of the . Opposition. It has never been quite clear who was the leader, if any, accepted by the whole party, and again and again the Ministerial side have made capital oat of the fact. This week at the eleventh hoar it seems to have dawned on the Opposition that" something must be done." Accordingly as a preliminary the Argus authoritatively announced the fact that a "third party" had at last been formed. Fol lowing this a caucus was held at which there was a strong impression of opinion that the Opposition leaders had treated the subject of reform with too much indifference, and that; even now the embassy must be stopped, by hook ' or by crook. One or two faithful followers ofj the leading paper grew quite - sanguine as to what would happen when the House met, bat; the general belief was that it was a; case of the wish being father to the thought, and so it . was proved by subsequent events. .' The line taken by : the great hundred-eyed was a decided blundering ■ into the hands of the enemy, and the Age was > not slow to take advantage of the position. - The ' latter, as the, organ of the Berryites, made : merry over the ghost of the " third party" and j twitted its rival with its weak attempts to; galvanize some spasms of life .into the dejected ; Opposition ranks. The effort had come all too ; late.. The Ministerial corner was not to be I caught by the seductive eloquence of -Mr. : Service, and Mr. Berry secured another decided ' victory in a majority of forty-six to twenty- four , in favour of his resolution affirming the useless- j ness of considering the Council's reform resold- . tions. The Ageh cidentally dealt some heavy knocks at the Tt <,vop'u by quoting from its announced Liberal ,-oiicy when the paper was started ten years . :-go. It was clearly, shown that the latter.caiiij.it claim,as the Register did on the occasion of its ten-thousandth isstiei that it still adhered to and had never swerved from the' policy announced by its founders forty years before, r Amongst other ' things the Telegraph had declared that "'the language and violence of the partisans of faction was to be avoided," whereas it has beepme noted for the most violently, abusive language that ornaments any . Victorian print. - It x always calls its rival "Ananias," "apd the latter sums np in . torn with—'"Victor Hugo in the ' -History of a Crime' describes a traitor to the people and the liberal cause in these, words;—'He has sworn,land he still swearsbut the tone is changed. The oath has become an impzeeatum. Yesterday he called himself*maiden; to-day he becomes ai brazen woman, and laughs athis dnpes.'The Argus is slated by .quoting , what .it . used to say ahnsiveljr of the Norwegian scheme, and also of Mr. Higmbotham, as it has lately taken to praising both. Tour recent difficulty with the Upper House is also referred to hy. the Age, and' pointed at ss a proof .that now or never the i Council be bsougtt to its kosee^ and. that alltfeo lotto colonise will have to followtite'Steps Victoria has xMr Ae eoonp to take, and/with' the eame end in view. ■; Yourleader on the suIh jectis referred .to with evident satisfaction, one paragraph inpurtieiilarbeing;qadtod:— " It is nniversaliy-ackaowledged that had it not been for thepnrblind selfishness and folly of the wes&thy; classes In Victoria, public affair* in the neighbouring colony: would never have •reached the chaotic state in which they are now found." The-dprisno longer oool aboat the embassy, bat elaims it now as the climax of the : Liberal victory and having satisfactorily wiped out the Council, the Opposition, and ita organs, it triumphantly advertises certified figures showing that the circulation of the paper has increased from <32^080 ten months, ago ■ to -the present " unprecedented, amount" of 35,162 copies daily. If. 1 have seemed to refer too par ticularly to the views und position of thenrUKU organs of the Tress it is simply because the truism that the history of a nation is to > be found in the history , of its newspapers applies with no greater force anywhere than here' in Victoria. While the facts continue as indicated' above it is useless to declare that the ao-oallecl1 Liberal cause is played out and that Mr. Berry is on his last legs. The prophetic -announce" meats that" the day is at hand" are the natural outcome of the devout longing for such a con ummation by a large and influential section of he community. I am afraid that the-period or keeping us in the furnace is, according Uy present appearances, to be much more protracted * han these good people think. Melbourne, December 14. From one end of the colony to the other there is at present one all-absorbing theme which has blotted out the interest in all other subjects. I refer to the bushrangers. Go where you will in any street of Melbourne just now, mid in any1 society, and you will overhear "Kellys," "police," "shooting," and other fragmentary indications of- what has taken possession of the public mind. A few weeks ago the story would have been laughed at as too wild for fiction that four outlawed roffiasB would coolly take possession of a station and occupy it for a day and a night; would imprison over thirty persons there; would cat the railway telegraph wires; would plunder a Bank in broad daylight, and would depart taking with them not only all the money on the premises —some £2,000—but all the men, women, and children belonging to the place, and would then calmly take their departure in the " heroic" fashion, so dearly loved by the admirers of the sixpenny novels which record the deeds of imaginary highwaymen. Tha worst is that the confession has to he made that all this and more has actually been realized ata place not a hundred miles from the metropolis. The public were completely staggered at the intelligence of the outrage, and they have net yet sufficiently recovered from the shock for it to be possible to say what feeling predominates at the present moment. No doubt intense humiliation is the uppermost sentiment. We were under the impression that our much boasted police force were about to outdo their previous praiseworthy achievements. They were armed to the teeth regardless of expense, and a hundred or two of them were gradually forming—as we fondly hoped—an irresistible cordon round the ruffians, whom we almost began to pity as we pictured them as . poor half starred wretches, tortured with the pangs of conscience and hunted to death. Lto • and behold, the curtain is lifted, and Ned Kelly, his brother Dan, and two other ruffians are dis covered, well fed, sleek, in high spirits, and mounted on fat well-bred steeds, showing no signs of scare at the " bobbies" and evidently enjoying life in their own rough way. That the police have been seriously at fault there can be no question. There may be some excuse for their being terror-stricken, as certain death awaits at least one or two of the party who first come in contact with the well-armed outlaws; but there can be no question as to their having egregiously blundered as to how to proceed in capturing the murderers. All the force has been concentrated on the wrong spots, while Euroa and other towns have been left almost entirely unguarded. Since the last outrage the sensational rumour has been passed on that the police have refused to fol low the lead of the black trackers, who gave ; laoi mation that they were on the scent. Kelly himself, who was very communicative to his prisoners, stated that his whole quarrel is with the police, and that he will one day present a petition proving that his sister and his family have suffered bitter wrong at the hands of the guardians of the public peace. A further de velopment is to shift the blame on to the Ministry, as it happens that Mr. Gannson and other country members made suggestions for precautionary measures, such as exploiting the Permanent Artillery through the smallest townships in the districts affected. In the same way the Govern ment get blamed for bad crops and most other evils. As a fact I believe the authorities, from the Chief Secretary and the Chief Com missioner of Police down to the humblest (fficer, have done their level beat to bring the criminals to justice. Unfortunately the seat of the disease lies deeper down. It is now only too well proved that the murderers have sympathizers through out the district, and chat there is a whole clan scattered through the mountain fastnesses who have lived principally by horse and cattle stealing, and who have thoroughly terrorized the neighbourhood. The greatest disgrace to the colony is to be found in the fact that such wretches as the Kellys un doubtedly have friends and allies who give latest information as to the movements of the pursuing parties and provide the men with food and secure hiding-places. Therein lies the greatest .obstacle to a successful issue in the pursuit, and it is not easy to forecast a remedy. The general impression is that the outlaws will continue in the ranges in "Hell's Hole" and other unapproachable well-chosen spots, where with their extensive supply of firearms they will be able to keep a score of men at bay. It is fnrther imagined that from this hiding-place they will make raids on the Banks in other small townships near at hand, and in which at present the utmost ter rorism reigns. It strikes me that the more probable contingency is that after securing further plunder the bushrangers will make a rapid flight across the Murray, and by getting into the sparsely populated parts of New South Wales the four well-armed men on first-class horses will be able to defy the authorities and carry all before them. The irress or the sister colony has already held us up as a shocking example ill regard to what may happen in Vic toria, and ne shall be curious to see what sort of moral may be pointed from the Kelly ex erienees across the Border. It cannot be enied that the moral harm that is being done ere is incalculable. All the evils that we reach of as attaching, to* the' reading of the Jack Sheppard" and " Claude Duval" romances re to be met with in the narratives of real fe eagerly looked for by young and old in our ally papers. Cricket is the only other matter that has ttraeted any notice this week. The Australian Eleven have reason to be proud of the splendid reception accorded them here. The City Council vetoed triumphal arches, but.the citizens made op .by a liberal display of banting in the prin cipal streets on the afternoon of the arrival of the team. The banquet, was well attended, and was remarkable for the;: high-toned speeches made by . the Bishop . .and the Governor. There were presentations . at two different theatres, and . the attendance and enthusiasm displayed at the" moonlight, re ception" and the opening day of the match, against the Victorian Fifteen exceeded any thing hitherto- experienced: on our; cricket grounds. The evening demonstration proved a. grand success.' The cricketers were escorted.by a torchlight procession to. the- Bast Melbourne ground, where their firel; appearance was greeted by the hearty .cheers of over 10,000 persona. Over the pavilion appeared in., immense letters of gas illumination " Welcome, Australians, brace." • All round the Oval. was hong: with Chinese lanterns, and a liberal snpplyof electric lights, fife-balloons, and sky-rochets made up a -scene ftbat these, who were present would be very-sorry to have missed. The attendance'was enormouB on the first day of the match—over 12,€00 ^and the East Melbourne Glub are to be congratulated on having-made ample provision for their accommodation. The .weather was. all that could be .desired, and the display of cricket has been,; thorough- gather than brilliant. The fielding of the Eleven was not so surprising as had been expected,; bat there couid be no' mistake aa to the effective ness resulting, from the team having learned (o werk well together. There were no " giantw hits or. remarkable exhibitions in the field on either side excepting that Allan, " the bowler of a century," fell down in a fit owing to the excitement, hut .he returned to his. After lunch' time. . The chief event is the-bring ing, oht of anew colt bowler who bids fair to rival Allan.. His name is Palmer* and he hails from South Melbourne, • this being the first season be baa been heard of in big matches. On the second day there was a good attendance in spite of blazing hot; weather. Much iutertkt was felt in the coincidenoe^of, South Austr^ll*'*. match against Lord Harris's team proceeding sfc tte same time, as ours, and the'.telegrophia : news was eagerlylook^Lfor, Surprise was ex» pr»sed at the high charge made for admission , to the ground in yoor match, the price here being never over one shilling for the crowd. Judging by your match our cricketers are very confident of beating the English Eleven. The presence of Dr. Moorhouse at the dinner end on the cricket ground was a noteworthy feature, and was taken to be a liberal-minded step in the direction of keeping the noble game pure. He incidentally gave some good advice to our cricketers, which was well received. He complimented the team on having behaved respectably all throngh their trip, and gave bis reasons for believing in the noble game as follows,-—"He thought it was one of the noblest of games. In the first place if a*man would attain any proficiency at cricket he mast keep a qnick eye, a strong free wrist, and generally a sound physique; and a man conld not do theae things unless he had what was the grandest quality that lies at the basis of a strong character, viz., self-control. Then again unless a man was prepared to obey the commands of his captain he would not do much good in the field as a member of an eleven. And when he had learnt to obey the commands of his captain ke would begin to cherish a healthy contempt for the 6pnrions kind of liberty which consisted chiefly of an idle and capricious self-will. Again, he believed that the game of cricket presented as few encouragements to that great bane of all public sports—gambling—as any game he knew The gambler delighted to have a large margin of chances in any game which he wanted to bet upon, and a vicious gambler liked to have a chance of fool play. Now though it was said that there was a glorious uncertainty in cricket yet he ventured to say that the average per formances of such an eleven as that we sent to England were a certainty. Their play was not likely to leave much margin for gambi io^. They might doctor a horse or they might bribe a single jockey, bat tbey conld not doctor, and thank God they conld not bribe, eleven English gentle men. . . . They did not mean that they wanted to beat England in war. He was per fectly certain that if any of the despots of Europe should lay his hands on the fringe of the Bacred robe of Great Britain her children in the colonies would be ready to shed their blood for - her. But still they wanted to beat her, so they had nothing left but to beat her in manly sports. The Eleven were therefore sent ont to beat the old mother in what he called the prince of manly sports, and though they had suffered defeat at times they had substantially accom plished their mission." The Bishop has not been so fortunateover the new cathedral business. As a rule his common sense is never at fault, but in this case his want of faith in colonial talent has led him into an unfortunate fix. Instead of allowing Australian architects to compete a fee of £1,000 was offered to Mr. Butterfield, the great ecclesiastical archi tect. His design has come to hand and is very much objected to by our local architects. The effect is considered altogether too plain, the accommodation inadequate, and there is no possible provision for adding to the building. When complete it is estimated to hold at the most 1,300. The Bishep defended the plans on the ground that the architect had to deal with a site of limited dimensions, and the price fixed was not to exceed the comparatively small sum of £68,000. He mentioned that the engineering difficulty was the chief point in cathedral building. The colonial architects might be able to draw a plan on paper, but there would be risk as to the stability of the structure, the almost universal experience of ail the early European cathedrals having been that the central towers had fallen down and crushed all beneath them. It was nrged that St. Patrick's Cathedral, designed by Mr. Wardell, and the Scots Presbyterian Ohnrch (go to prove thatonr own architects could have made a better job of it than Mr. Butterfield, but on the matter being pressed to a division at the Church of England Assembly forty-five voted with the Bishop, as against twenty-eight in favour of the English architect's plans. He is, however, to be re quested to perform the feat of changing the position of the building from east and west to ■ north and south. Mr. Berry and Professor Pearson have taken their passage by the outgoing P. & O. boat. As . Secretary Mr. H. H. Hayter, the Govern ment Statist, has been chosen, and the choice is a wjse one, as in bim Mr. Berry has secured one of the very best men in the service. There are to he several " demonstrations" and banquets to express the public joy at Mr. Berry's departure, so that there may be nothing wanting to prove -to those at a distance that the country is . thoroughly roused. Some curiosity has been excited-by the announcement that His Excel lency has received a -significant despatch by the last mail. The Argus declares that if the tenor of this had been known before Parliament closed it would have been the death of the embassy. It has leaked-out that the Secretary of State for the Colonies very strongly urges the settlement of our difficulty here and expresses willingness to interfere only on the grounds of extreme necessity, after all local means have been tried and have failed. It is hinted that the knowledge that this document was on its way led to the precipitate haste with which the Government shut up .shop. The Ministerial organ contents itself with denyiug the truth of the rumour as to the alleged contents of the paper, and the .public are promised its pub lication as soon as the Cabinet can con veniently give the matter their attention. In the meantime the ambassadors will have set sail. The arrangements for carrying on the departments in Mr. Berry's absence are now complete. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has been in stalled as Acting Chief Secretary, and Major Smith will take the Treasurership along with the Education Department, the Mines being undertaken by Mr. Longmore with a view of its being ultimately merged into the Lands Depart ment. The report-of the Committee appointed to sit on the Amalgamated Gas Company has been published. It is a lengthy production, and gives elaborate details under a variety of heads, all goiDg to prove that the granting of a gas monopoly to one Company by Parliament was a huge mistake. They still express wouder at the unaccounted - for sum of £1,700 in the "Bill for engineering the measure through Parliament, and they recommend that immediate steps be taken to alter and amend the Act in accordance with their sugges tions. The root of all the evil is explained thus—that the members thought that they were passing the English Gas Act in its entirety, merely altered to suit the different local re quirements. The Committee declare that it is no such a thing; bat that various important provisions in the English Bill were ingeniously suppressed and others were rushed through without consideration, the result being that the Coxqpany are masters of the situation, and can give bad gas with impunity. We can only hope that the Edison electric light scare will put the Gas Company on their good behaviour until the amended Act is framed. 