FUNNIMENTS. ON MARRIAGE AN ESSAY. MARRIAGE is an old custom which, like kill ing rats, was begun when people were ignorant; and has stuck to them even to this day. -Men are married to two kinds of things, ideas and women. Ideas are tho one-pound-note cur rency, the North- West Passage, vegetable diet, tho national debt, old china, and patent cork screws. Women aro girls and nurses and matrons and., governesses and. heroines and maiden-aunts and widows and spinsters and blue stockings and maids and flirts and prudes. There is also another kind, called mothers-in law, or ghouls. Women live chiefly in drawing-rooms, nur series, shop's, and kitchens. They .are mostly low people, and no men of any respectability associate with them. I. have written about them-before, and as I am not now writing natural history, or a description of all the other kinds of serpents and insects, I will not say anything more about them. If women must be written about, a second-class man must be got to do it. I only write about what I choose. Ideas are kept in the heads of members of Parliament, and men who have got sun-stroke, and men who can't chew, and lawyers, and dukes who have got gout and money, and men who want to. get up companies. Ideas are sometimes better than property, for they enable j men to live without working or paying income tax. Sometimes, however, they are more expensive to keep than a pack of hounds or a ship of war. When you talk to a man about an idea which he has married j he gets red in the face, throws his arms-wildly about him,- and* commences making; a speech. If a man gets very violent about an idea to which he is married, his friends lock him up in a. spare room, and feed him with bread and water through the key- hole, and aik the Lord Chancellor to act as agent for his property. This, makes a man so savage that he tries to stab himself with rolled-up" copies of comic journals. ^ , . I once saw a man who was married to tho idea of making the whole world happy by giving a tandem to every working ,man. He was very rich, and had made presents of forty tandems when his people put him into the room. At the time I went to see him, he was sitting on a shelf in a back kitchen, and had ail the daily papers twisted into a rein, and was trying to drive an office stool up the chimney. He complained to me that none of the daily papers were strong enough to i hold in his horse when it attempted to shy or ran away. I asked him if he had tried the Daily Telegraph. He said, yes, but that the momenthe put Daily Telegraph near his horse the animal commenced kicking and plunging to such a degree that he had to call the whole household to his assistance. lii former times men married a whole lot of women, but as they became more enlightened, they gradually lessened the number, until now, in civilised countries, mon never marry more than one. A man once told me, that in those days every one had such an immense family that no woman could tell her mother from her father's other wives, and consequently, there was no danger from mothers-in-law! In many barbarous countries, such as Germany, and the Cannibal Islands and Turkey, men even still marry more than one woman; but as my esBaya are going to be translated next year into the languages of all these countries; and as the inhabitants will then bo able to improve their minds and become rational beings, the custom will di>appea* from j the earth. When men have been married for some time, a lot of small creatures, with rattles and bone rings in their hands begin to creep about the house, and fall into water jugs, and burn their hair at tho kitchen fire, and drink boiling water otit of the kettle on the hob, and swallow brass nails, and put soap into the teacups. After a little while these become children, in which unhappy state they eat electuary for breakfast, and wooden skewers and potatoes fried in castor oil for dinner, and jam spread over rhubarb powder for tea. They swallow two fourpenny pieces a week, and fall , out of a window frfo or three times each month. They tumble down the kitchen stairs, and lie at tho bottom in the dark, until the man with the coals stumbles over them. They get their teeth knocked out against window sills, and one another's foreheads. They are introduced by their nurses to every ghost that is small enough to come down the chimney. They are put under sofas, or out on the leads, Hko flower pots, when anyone visits the house. Their skin is scraped off four or five times a day with fine wire gauze*and yellow soap. A man once told me that the reason why people prefer having children in their houses to dogs or cats or zebras is because you can amuse yourself by making a child unhappy all' day long, but a brute is only miserable when it is suffering from cold, hunger, or a beating. . EMXAXTJEL KINK. 