AN ACTOR'S STORY. So you want to hear my story, do you ? Well, it's a sad one ; but, though the recital will not bring a Bmile to your lip, it may prove a useful lesson and serve as a warning to you. All ready? Well, I'll begin. Will I have a drink? No, thank you! No, indeed, not if it was to save my life! I know you mean no harm by the invitation ; you intend only kindness and courtesy ; but, if you knew all that the love of strong drink has cost me, the sorrow it has brought into my life, and the dark shadow it has trailed across my pathway, I believe that you would never again ask me to hold a glass of liquor to my lips. It was of that I was going to tell you 1 You see, I was travelling in the far West, bringing up at last at San Francisco. I was doing variety "biz," and little Nell trapeze, dancing, etc. Nell? She was my little girl— the prettiest creature the sun ever shone on. Didn't know that I was married ? Well, you see your mistake. Poor Katie— my wife — hers was a'dreadful fate ! You see, we were playing an engagement at a certain fashion able theatre, when, one night during the performance, a fire broke out-, by accident, behind the scenes. Katie was standing near waiting for her " call" on, when the flames suddenly burst forth, and, seizing her gauzy dress enveloped her in their horrible folds. And I stood there and saw it all — the writh ing, leaping, red demons winding their deathly arms about the slender form of my darling ; her agonizing shrieks and cries for mercy, it seemed as if I should go mad. In an instant I sprang forward and grasped her in my arms. I seized a shawl that wa3 lying near, wrapped it around her, and so ex tinguished the flames. But Katie ! my lovely, bright-eyed darling — she, you'll understand, my friend, I — I- oan't bear to talk of it — she only lingered a few hoars, and died in horrible agony. Pardon these tears. It all happened long ago. I am an old fellow now, and will soon be on the retired list of the profession, bat the memory of that terrible night still haunts me. It overwhelms me, unmans me, and breaks me down. Well, after that I clung tenaciously (for poor, weak human nature must have some thing to which it can cling), with all the strength of my desolate and stricken heart, to my one anchor — my only hope, my little Nell. Oh, how I loved the child I Yes, believe it, even when you have heard my dreadful story. She was so like her dead mother, with her great, soft, dark eyes, and waving, golden hair, that seemed to catch all the dancing sunbeams, aud hold them prisoners in its Bhining meshes. Her form was so delicate and fairy-like, her every move ment full of grace, I knew that she was destined to make a reputation on the boards, and from her infancy I had trained her and watched over her, aud devoted myself to her, until I was rewarded by the knowledge that there was no- more graceful danseuse in the jrotession ; and as for the trapeze " biz," I uaa never, in all my long experience, oeneia anything to compare with her. She was so beautiful so quick and dashing, she soon became a popular favourite, and money began to pour steadily into our not over-full coffers That's the time I like to think about. Afterwards — ah ! who would look back if they could help it ? How few of us dare to do it '? Lot's wife, by looking back, became a pillar of salt ; " and you, whose life has gone by contraries, by looking back, will become a pillar of stone— a much worse fate." I've read that aomewhej and it's aa true a thing as ever was written. "Well, I'd come to- the wrong corner of my life, and when a man once turns that corner he's gone, and no hope for him. Don'fe look at ma so pitifully ; I can't bear pity, even from your kind eyesr my friend. Let me hasten' to the end of my story — my tragedy. You sec, about that time I took to drinking. I didn't- realise 3that I was taking the first step on the down ward track ;- bet I had so many " friends" (bah ! such " friends" are really a man's worst enemies), and they congratulated me on Nell's success, and invited me to drink ; and so, elated by all the kind things they said (they1 were a set of well-meaning fellows, and never' dreamed at the harmjjthey were doing). Igot; into the habit of drinking with them and _ leaving Nell alone when she should have had her father — her only earthly friend— at her' side to protect and cars' for her. CS I went on from bad to worse. You know how'fast a man goes down hill when he's once "started, and at last it was all I could do to retain my position in th6 company, -for I was -always more or less intoxicated. I believe it was Null's sweet fac9 and gentle- ways that itvd so won on tha heart of the manager that, aside from her popularity, was the cause of my being retained with the troupe. Bub I must hasten. One evening I cams' home, cross and out of sorts; to find Nell lying on the couch, white and wan. "What's the matter?" 1 demanded; roughly. " 0 father," she cried, lifting her soft, sad' eyes to my bloated face, " I feel bo bad" to-night ! I'm right weak and di3zy. Can't I? stay at home for once? Won't you see" Mr. Mills, the manager, aDd beg him to let me off for to-night? Truly, I am very ill, and I believe he will excuse me I" "Excuse you !" I growled. " Not much 1 I've made a bet with some men who are to be at the theatre, and I've got fifty dollars staked on your wire-performance. You're to do the new business to-night, you know.' Come, be getting ready !" She put up both little hands with nervous cry. " 0 father ! father !" she wailed plead- ingly, "I cannot — indeed, I cannot- do tho new act to-night ! I'm noc able ! I shall get dizzy up there and fall. I know it. Father" — her voice grew dignified and firm — " I shall not go 1" Don't look at me in that way, my friend-; I can't bear the scorn in your face. I was maddened with drink, remember. I-wasjio- better than a savage or a wild beast. I — 1= — ' raised my clenched hand, and — I struck nsy. little child 1 Don't — don't speak a word, for God's sako 1 . ; . "Well, I went to the theatre ; a spasm of ' remorse touched me, and I determined to tell the manager that she was ill and could nob- appear. But, when I got behind the scenes, - to my amazement, little Nell was there1" before me, frightfully white and wan, and a great, red mark upon one pallid cheek. Sho- came straight up to me, and laid her slender hand on mine. "You didn't mean it, father dear,' the little angel whispered. ' ' I forgive you and I'll try to play my part." But I only pushed her from me and turned avay, God ! if I could but recall that Eight ! I would lay my life down willingly to be able to undo that deed. " Well, the curtain was rung up and the- performance began, and went on and at last came Nell's new act on the wire something more reckless and daring than anything she had ever before attempted. She bounded out before the noisy audience like a lTe-y spirit. The rouge on her cheeks covered the imprint of a father's dastardly blow; she, was bewitching beyond compare. I shaL never; never forget it. The sight that I witnessed that awful night follows me about for ever, like an avenging spirit, and haunts me persistently like some horrible ghost that wiR not be laid. It has made my life a burden— one long, awful agony ; sleeping or waking, the phantom is ever at my side and > dogs my footsteps. I cannot forget it. can not shut it out; and so it will stay with me until the day I die. You cannot imagine the scene. The gorgeous theatre, one flash of light with richly- dressed people— for the elite, of the city were assembled there. T ® 8 of jewels, the lovely faoes, the intoxicating perfumes, and over 11 the soft, low strains of music from a matchless orchestra, while above our heads etretched out that wire upon which my darling stood, smiling Ed towfag to «£»%- .miling and bowing, when I l»r 1"d" heart was breaking. , Can you not imagine it all ? see her, as she goes through with the diffi cult performance ? One tremukus motion one mistake, and she would be lost. S.e! she turns her frightened eyes upon my own, which, with the savage glare of partial intoxica tion, were bent upon her movements Sae trembles— the diamond-tipped wand in h r hand quivers and drops from her grasp , sh essays to recover herself, but her little for reels and totters. # She stretches out both arms, and with a wild cry o > I cannot do it 1" falls-faUs all that horri ble distance, down— down, xhe ®t aP\d below is not strong, shegoea dojnward-and . oh God! my little Nell— my lost Katies only child-lies a bleeding, manglad ma - at the very feet of the horror-stricken audience 1 Dead 1 ay, quite dead. There 1 That's my story. A Yes, I am sure that it would be if only it were not founded entirely opon.ho To see, my friend, I overheard you when you said last night I was " no actor," so I thought I'd treat yon to a bit of realistic acting . You wanted to hear my story, you know. Well, you've beard it. I didn t say that l was to be a true one. xr.n You see, I never had a wife. LUe - but a brain child ; I never followed Horace Greeley's advice: V Go West," and variety, " biz" isn' t in my line ! , , , , , Have a toddy, old fellow, and shake . on the " Actor's Story." Ha I ha ! ha I The Human Eye.—' That was an appalling., question propounded recently by Dr. Loring to the New York County Medical Society, "Is the human eye gradually changing its. form under thejinfiueace of modern civilisa tion ?" It is Dr. Loring's opinion that constant study, incidental to the lives of so many in modern times, has a tendency to ; engender the derangement of the eye, and.1 that this derangemnnt is often perpetuated! in heredity. I should agree in this with, tko- doctor, if I coald persuade myself (which I. cannot.) that we study as hard as onr fore- : fathers did. Nowadays, everybody knows a little, but nobody seems to know much. ; aad. in literature and theology one looks in vain, for such monsters of erudition as tbeBesas. and Ssaligera, the Cruquiuses and Bayles, 'the Moreris and Leibaitzes, or such " julfa . of learning" as Hooker and Bishop AucrewB. One cannot, at the same lims, dissent irom. T -\i « rr crhan nriintu Ont th'dt AtEOQSL the mo3t prominent causes of the admen' known as shortsightedness are po >r food.bai ventilation, and a general disregard hygienic requirements — all conducing a laxity of tissue of which nearsightedness is an in dication. For reading and writiug purples I have mystlf only oue eye ; and wken I find, lafo at night, that " laxLj of thsue'' ia beginning to set in, I take u pinch of very strong snuff. The " tissue" aeeaas tc get .all righ\ again after that ; bui what the effect of the snuff may be on my sgucoux msmhraaQ I dare conjecture. r- 