THE GREAT AMERICAN TION OP 1836, SENSA- [THE everlasting lie manufacture—From the Isle o! Lindisfarne, on the coast of Northumberland, to the banks of the broad Canadian river St. Lawrence—Old- World convents in A.D. 1513, and New-World convents in ad. 1835—The renowned Scotch romancer, Sir Walter Scott, dead beat at romancing by the daughter of a poor, unromancing Scotch pensioner—Lord Marmion overthrown by Miss Maria Monk, whose " awful disclosures" disclose only the truly awful Protestant love of truth.j The everlasting manufacture of lies. That's a study for Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. To be always constructing falsehoods ; to be constantly fabricating opprobrious fictions; to be evermore builJing up pyramids of| slander ; all the year "Mud to be cultiny out, stitchiug together, and propagating what are nothing else than perjaries ag-tinst truth and justice and reason—this is soLuethiug too curious to look at lightly. Yet this id what the foolish denizens of Exeter Hall are doiDf.', and doing apparently with a zealous vivacity that might well put to shame the tepid, timid, half-hearted efforts of many who profess to be advocates of right and of the right religion. Exeter Hall and its denizens know well the force of their manufacture. Catholics, when in a minority, are too much disposed to let lies alone, as if they would die out of themselves; whereas, no lie against the Catholic Church ever dieg; unless it is pursued and hunted to death.' Like echoes of cannon among mountains, the lie is reverberated from one peak to another until the whole earth has rung with the lying clamour. That was a busy forge of fiction —Sir "Walter Scott's arm-chair ; and if his romance anvil and hammer had ding-donged away at mere fiction, no one (some Sabbatarians excepted) would find any fault with his manufacture. But he made his fiction sometimes the vehicle of falsehood against the Catholic " system," and this falsehood has flown far and wide, and become the seed of other falsehoods more malicious than his own. If we pass from Lindisfarne, cross the Atlantic, enter the River St. Lawrence, and land in .America,, we shall meet Sir Walter Scott's falsehood in print and in pictures in every well-appointed home, and these typographed and chromotypsd lies find as credulous votaries in the land of Freedom, Fraternity, Equality, Universal Toleration, and other Democratic virtuosities, as in Exeter Hall itself. If you, my esteemed reader, mistrust my statement, I invite you to test its reliability. Let us leave Lindisfarne, the Holy Isle, and the shrine of St. Cuthbert, whose strictness of rule and sanctity of life drew sons and students round him 1200 years ago ; let usleave the skeleton of the nun, Constance of Beverley, in its tell-tale position, built up in the massive wall far down in a vault 100 feet below high water mark ; let us forget her dying shrieks, and the dark niche, and the hangman who walled her up, and the old blmd abbot, raising up his sightless eyeballs to heaven, and let us seek and we shall find the lie trade as merrily at work in the forests and on tlie prairies of Columbia as in the time-worn towns of Europe. We may leave even Sir Walter Scott's Coldingham female skeleton behind us, confident of finding twenty female skeletons as bare as his in Canada. No doubt it is very difficult to find tfie skeleton of a nun who never existed except in * poet's fancies. Yet let not despair. With the aid of of a Protestant lie manufacturer, we may succeed even in discovering the remains of a dead ghost. With the assistance of a romancer, who builds up live nuns in stone walls, and who tells it is "well known" that this was a penalty inflicted by "the Church," we may do wonderful things. Sir Walter Scott piqued himself on his power of romancing. But Yankee land has its own romance artificers who presumed to surpass their Scottish master. But only see how the case stands.' Sir'Walter, a gentleman,^ a genius, a. poet, a historian, an' architect','an archaeologist, sheriff of his county, regiifi&r; of an important court, abarbnet; a.ndmaat/fcr of a mansion unique in its beautiful outline and features. Proud lords and lovely l&dibs; came from all parts to pay "him homagers ihe " Great Unkno,wff" • ^ It was one of lus supreme pleasures to receive and- welcomeifia gueste.Pr visitors at 'the Gothic' -dbdr of lfis ? maimers, conversation, all the requisites to render the master worthy of the mansion. Be had high poetic talent, enjoyed a world- Vide popularity, was smiled on by the wearers of ducal coronets, and favoured by ilty. Yet, wealthy, popular, admired, as he was, when he came to deal with pertaining to the Catholic Church, Sr TV alter was as blind and gross in prehension, as gullible and as greedy 3ter lies, as the commonest proteBtant drab mouthing over her three-halfpenny worth at gin. at the bar of a New Cut dram-shop. With all his wide range of diversified leading, Sir Walter fell into the cealieavers mistake of supposing that nuns were built up alive in a wall for breaking £heir convent vows. He didn't know !that "penance" was quite another thing from "penalty,"' or capital punishment. He didn't blow that, when a nun was " walled op," die was confined to a clean, dry room, lighted by a window, having a loch and key to it, having a bed, and a table, and a chair, and a book or books in it, and that this room was visited every day at regular bouts by an attendant, who brought frcsli water, fresh bread, fresh cooked " roots," turnips or parsnips and others, which the prisoner partook of, seated on the chair, 'without hurry or disturbance, and that this was all that "watting up" ever meant. So he enters the lie manufactory, and tinkers ap a raw-head-and-bloody-bones convent scene in a vault, and a screaming nan, and an underground ecclesiastical murder, with Stage fire blazing and tinpot thunder rolling. It is a mitigation of Sir Walter's gailt to attribute his romancing to ignorance. I don't think he was ignorant; but whether he was or not, he was ultimately thrown into the shade by a romanoing maid-servant, who, as a Protestant, bad a natural turn tor telling UeB about Catholics and their religion. So you see that, from the highest rank to the lowest, all Protestants have one common 1 gronn to stand on — an animosity against the Catholic Church, so ingrained, so Irrational, and so virulent that it loves to belie it, and that God loves them all the better for their lying. We are now to suppose ourselves in Montreal, in Lower Canada, on the River St. Lawrence, and we shall soon perceive that, although there be a general floating tradition of lies, of which all avail themselves, each Protestant locality or country can manufacture a very superior lie article for its own particular satisfaction. So that, whatever zone or clime the Catholic •visits, he shall never lack the sport of lie bunting. It has been proved that no nun was ever murdered at Lindisfarne by being buried alive in a wall. But what of that ? Wasn't there a nun murdered at Coldingham 789 years ago f Didn't we dig her skeleton out of a niche, and didn't we find the bones in such a position that we knew she was a nun and was buried alive P But when we have disproved the Coldingham nun, is our work done f Not at all. It is only beginning. If onr excavators must give np the Coldingham murder of a nun, were there not nans enough murdered at the Hotel Dieu, in Canada? And if you hunt this lie down, immediately you hear of a nun who was murdered in Portugal, 419 years ago; and if you sail off to Portugal and if you demolish this lie, then yon are smilingly informed the nun wasn't murdered in Portugal, but in Spain. And if you journey into Spain and expose this Spanish lie, tben you learn that the real murder was done at Nuremberg in Germany. Then putting on your seven-league boots and marching off to Nuremberg, the inhabitants will wateh you calmly while you extinguish their lie, and then remark that the nun was never murdered at their fine city, but at Palestrina, in Italy. And if you should have money enough, and a time-table, and take the North Italian railway to Verona, and tben search until you find Palestrina, and slay the lie on the spot, lo I the nun was murdered at Aztexupiana, in the middle of South America. How will you act then ? Ay, ay, it's a grand excursion when yon go Protectant lie bunting—nearly as profitable, too, as "hunting the slipper;" for if you confute ten thousand lieB to-night about the Catholic Church, some of onr romanoing Protestant friends will manufacture ten thoueand more for you by to-morrow. Nor dope the confutation of twenty thousand lies ever cause them to be distrustful of the new falsehood. And then they will quote Scripture to jou and look sanctified, and assure you that *« charity thinketh no evil." (Cor. xiii.) On 11th January, 1836, the city of New York was, figuratively,electrified. The whole Protestant piety of that great northern capital of the United States underwent an immense sensation. From the printing bonse of Messrs. BateB and Howe there issued a small ootavo volume of nearly 200 pages bearing this title:—" Awful] dUcluturee of Maria Monk, at exhibited in a narrative of her tvfferingt during a residence of five yean at a Novice, and two yeart at a Black Nun in the Eottl Dieu Nunnery at Montreal." A copy of the email volume was sent to the New York newspapers, and thus, with the help ol advertisements and editorial comments, Maria Monk's book, and ber sufferings and statements were the all-absorbing theme of excited conversation. It circulated with the rapidity of a bush fire through jibe States, was eagerly bought np at .Montreal and Quebec, and was re-published in London in March or April of thesame yeftr, where it stirred up a joyous commotion in ®xeter Hill, sueh as Exeter Hall has never since experienced. It xan throagb many editions in • lew months, rand lor a , time the Catholics seemed so stunned by it that • jthey did not at Jtat eeem tolmowwhat shouJ&.besaid crdone with disclosures so swtuL Bat many years have passed anoe then.'; .Anew , generation baa arisen, and Jew now remem- ber th* astonishing particulars of Miss Maria Monk's publication. As a specimen of the romance lie which finds such favour with Protestants, and to fortify Catholics against such tactics, some account of Maria Monk may be given. She commences her tract, or book, with a preface, in which she says: " It is hoped that the reader of this narrative will not suppose that it is auction, or that the scenes and persons which I have delineated had not a real existence. It is also desired that the author of this volume may be regarded, not as a voluntary participator in the very guilty transactions which are described, but receive sympathy for the trials which she has endured, and the peculiar situation in which her past experience and escape from the power of the Superior of the Hotel Dieu, in Montreal, and the snares of the Roman priests in Canada have left her My feelings are frequently distressed and agitated by the remembrance of what I have passed through ; and by night and by day I have little peace of mind, and few periods of calm or pleasing reflection. . . . I r have given the world the truth, so far as have gone, on subjects which I am told they are generally ignorant; and I feel perfec t confidence any such facts which may yet be discovered will confirm my words. . . . Whoever shall explore the Motel Dieu nunnery at Montreal will find unquestionable evidence that the descriptions of the interior of that edifice given in this book were furnished by one familiar with them. For whatever alterations may be attempted, there are changes which no mason or carpenter can make or effectually conceal; and therefore, there must be plentiful evidence in that institution of the truth of my descriptions. There are living witnesses, also, who ought to be ma3e to speak, without fear of penances, tortures, and death, and possibly their testimony at gome future time may be added to con- firm my statements. ... It would distress the reader were I to repeat the dreams with which I am often terrified at night, for I sometimes fancy myself pursued by my worBt enemies. Frequently I seem as if shut up again in the convent. Often I imagine myself present at the repetition of the worst scenes I have hinted at or described. Sometimes I seem to stand by the place of Becret interment in the cellar. Sometimes I think I can hear the shrieks of helpless females in the hands of atrocious men. Sometimes I almost seem actually to look again on the calm oountenanoe of Saint Frances (a nun), as she appeared when surrounded by her murderers." More nun-murdering there is in prospect , but before she comes to the murder she gives a sketoh of her family and childhood. Her parents were both from Sootiand, but had married in Montreal, where Maria was born. Her father died when she was about seven, and her mother sent her to school kept by a Mr. Workman, but, becoming acquainted with a girl older than herself, who went to a nuns' sohool, Maria goes to the nuns of the congregation, and giveB a very bad account of the management and of the nnscriptural way she was taught catechism by priests. After a time sbe thinks she will be a nun, and beoomes a novice for " four or five years." Then a nun offends her and she opens the door and walks away from the convent without saying a word to anyone. While away she receives an offer of marriage from a young man of doubtful character. This she accepts, but ere long something happenB which compels her to separate from him. She is soon in a destitute condition, and not knowing what to do, resolves on returning to the convent she had left to abruptly; and "taking the veil." But to do this she requires thirty dollars to pay over to the Lady Superior. She hasn't a cent, but goes round to some friends of her mother, and, on the pretence that the money is for her mother, ehe borrows the thirty dollars, hands them over to the Lady Superior, and is received back * without demur. But before taking the veil she muBt receive the Sacrament of Confirmation, and to receive this, she must go to confession and communion. She goes to confession but conceals all about her marriage, and how she got the * thirty dollars, and thus she makes a sacrilegious communion by receiving in mortal sin. But now she iB a nun, and soon begins to find out the awful secrets of a convent life. The Lady Superior, the Bishop of Montreal, five priests of the city, develop them- selves. They were wolves in sheeps' skins. The old story all the world over, yet told by Maria with a very grave face and in very good style. It almost spoils the efieot to curtail ber distinot and foroible description, but enough shall be given to illustrate the hidden mysteries of the Black Nunnery of the Hotel Dieu at Montreal. I would not recommend anyone with an oversenBative bosom to read the samples of Montreal Nunnery gameB and sports Maria Monk depiots. The death-scream of the nun Constance, at Holy Isle, undallthe " roots," and niches, and suffocation of the English nun, were only an emotional ripple compared with the terrific tidal-wave of horrors witb whioh St. Frances is enoompassed in her dying agony. In short, the Montreal chambermaid—or something worse—outstrips Sir Walter Soott himself in piling up woes and sufferings on nuns undergoing the formalities of being wilfully murdered. But one piece of useful knowledge we may learn from romancers, male and female, that the lie trade is never tesorted to only when all flair argument has failed, and nothing but lying left. 5th Feburory, 1878. Psbtstbb. 