J HAKRV BLOOMFIEJ.D, OB TIIE ADVENTURES OF AW EABLY AUSTRALIAN SQUATTER C H A P T E R X X X I I , TIM (iOVBUNOR S BAIL Angus M'LEAI,. Tlie mucli-talked-of ball :.at .length :ar-: rived,, at which her Majesty's new representativeAn Victoria .entertained the then, elite of the colony. ;"Much sjiepulationliad been indulged, jn of late in Melbourne as to the impression which the newlj^amved Governor would make on the public His popularity in the colony, it Tias known, would entirely depend on sagacity and good government, .qualities which his predecessor -had failed to manifest Elaborate preparations .were made in the shape of purcliasmgdresses; especially , by ilie fairer portion of the community, for the grand occasion. .1 arrived moderately, early at Government House. .;• The.,ball-. room was htted out rfoivtlie •occasion in. magnificent: Btyle, and.all . the arraugements were carried out with taste ,and completeness. The ladies were -dressed,111 a gorgeous and expensive style-; .but ,1, wasnofcalitileproud to observe that the lovely Miss Grraem excelled them, all; ;in beauty and brilliancy. The notice she.. attracted before sue had long arrived ^was manifested among the group of .gentlemen around me. - " Yt ho is she V said one, " My eyes, what.a stunner!"., exclaimed another, " What a. glorious creature. Does any one know her nam® ?' aaked a t+hird. •;, - • " Ask Bloomfield tlwre," remarked one : of my acquaintances , and an eagei tjrowd at once gathered round uie, pressing me forthe wished-Jormformation. I answered with assumed indifference— "All X know about the lady is that her \- name is Miss Gratin, and that she is ti Sydney native " " By ]ingo," said one,." I of ten heard of the beautiful Sydney natives, but neveruntil this moment had such proof, <r Ploonifi.eld is a luclry flog to be acquamted with such a, Tarebeauty," wliispered another. Hamilton came near at this moinent, when I stepped to one side with .him.. His first observation,was— "Dosen't Winnie .look well to-night, Bloomfield 1" " She looks charming, Hamilton. . . All the gentlemen present are struck , with iter beauty, so tliat you must look sharp after your prize;", • • . -.... " I think you ought to assist me in the defence of the fair citadel, Bloomfield, and monopolise her company - when I .am not near, for I would tire her by- pressing illy company too much; and, besides, you are getting, an immense favourite with her." "Poor Hamilton," I thought, "you are, I tlunk, not so deep in love matters you are m legal: otherwise you would not rely, so much on your friend'e aesistance." I felt for the moment a strong conviction that I wasnot dealing honestly with my friend. But, alas.! the :conselections ;scruple *oon vanished when I found myself engaged with Winnie in the mazes of the exciting dance. Oh! the delirium of those , delicious moments as we whirled round the: brilliantly-lighted hall. The consciousness that I was loved ill return by the acknowledged -belle ofthe ball, whose dazzling loveliness attract,<>d so much attention, was sufficient to break down .the barrier of, reserve which Iliad constructed for themke : of my friend Hamilton. 1 shall leave my case m the hands of a-jury of bachelors, who may have found themselves;whirlir.g xn the dance under circumstances similar o iny own. I could not lielp ackuowledgiug my love. Several times , the imago of T3dith,Mx>wbray appeared to my mind's $ye ; but r6iHembermg : how.cru«lly. she had deserted m«; pride .each time came to my relief "Ah 1 " I thought, " would she were here now to »ee the charming creature that Jeans u»n my arm, and returas the'affections which:slie has spurned." •,..•-, •:- Twice I imagined, while meditating thus, ! that I caught a glimpse of the deep blue eyes which had kindled-my, boy«h love, and the same graceful ^figure, in the person of a lady who whirled witli : her partner near us ; but I,was too full of my own thoughts to take much notice , of the resemblance. 1 remember, pausing for ia few secands to rest, and also to giva my partner a hotter opportumty. of replying to my ardent proposals. My arm supporting w a i s t , and her, ltft hand resting upon my shoulder, while the other was detained by me. Thus we stood hack out of the course of-the dancers. J bent, my face \- close to h«r ear,- saying— • " Isliall bo very proud, Wiunie, of engaging the .''greatest beauty here this evenmg.if shs will only say. the ;little -word y-.hear.t-is jearnmg to hear"' • -;• She bluBlied and bent down her-tyes, as if shunniiig the jgaze of some one behind* in which direction ,lior eyes were turned, witliont.repl3 r ing .to my question; " What do you say, lovely one 1- Am i. then -mistaken in your aftections' For pity's sake, relieve me out of myjnisery " A.gentle jjressure -of ioth.her hands m- terrupted. the protestation, and she whispered— . " Tho lady hehind will,oyerhear. ,She is casting-suspicious looks towards you" 1 changed my position a little in order to face a lady and gentleman who I knisw were standing like ouiselves out of the dance to rest, when my eyes- encountered the same orbs which: had flashed upon me several times in the waltz.' -Was it dreanimg or was it the ghost of Edith Mowbray which stood before mt J I was trans6xed . —unalila to move or articulate a* word. A ' stifled scream proceeded from the 'lady,' ^ho butfor her paitner's assistance would liave fallen. Her cheeks became very pale,, and she appeared'as af abOufctoiairit:: Her partner assisted her out of the saloon, -while I stood wheie 1 had first seen her in a 'nost perfect state of bewilderment Winnie gazed at me in uttor astonishment, and her woidi, " Oome into the air;", brought me to myisenses Willingly,' Iiephed, oondiictmg her mechanically . through '.the throng of Do you know who that lady is f'-jshe inquired eageily. " I think I do , but I am not certain/ 1 I replied flvasively. . ^ /1 noticed herfseyeral times watching us duiing the'waltz But what a lovely , woman she is,' far handsomer than poor roe, although you flatter me so," said she, slightly pouting. •". She is not handsomer Winnie; of ihat. •I am - positive : bu 1 hero comes -your- •.-•:• couBin, and he will find out who she is " When the question was put to Hamilton, he exclaimed— "Bless you, that was Miss Mowbray, a connection of the Go vernor's by mauiage. Why, eveiybodyjs crazy about her beauty I heard a. Jot of fellows arguing whether she or a certain other lady I know is the handsomer, and -opinion seemed to be dn ided But X believe the is engaged to the Private Secretary, Mr Stanley, who is a nephew of the-Governor. Why, -what is the matter with you, Bloomfield 1 You < look as if you had -seon ^ ghost " After laming Winnie-with her mother, jyraaulkon and I stepped mto the refreshment-room I now- remembered, that although I lad told him of jay disappointed lore »nd th«-fioklen»»i ol my fair one, Jlad n«r»ranention»d her'name Now when he *«i apprij.dof the facte he manifested gr«at surprise. „ Tijt Miss MowTiray was Estill Jingle confounded us, nor could jwe account for the mystery. Why she las repented bloomfield, you'll iinS that out y«t - J fhe fellow ap pears to be quite spooney about her, , uticklng- to her Jike a leech smee'lheyi *ttterBd S; the'Jial!; liul elie'doas not seem tc care very much for him " " What IS he like, Hamilton? I was so' confounded that I never noticed his locks " " Why, I muBt confess he as a hand-.' some fellow,-hut not so manly ia appearance to my fancy as you are " ' < "Our conversation wasmterruptadby several friends entering the roqm,- amon^stwhoni was.the<3oionial Treasurer,'; ffhocameiiear ffiejSaymgH'itha -significant smile— " Hollo,'Bloomfield you must he 5 a high favour IICKS The Governor'S: Private Secretary was inquiring whether a gentleman ofyour name was at the hall to night, when I answered him in the afiirmative: . He was silso inquiring about some other name which I forgoi,, "but on • hearing^vho yon were he was satisfied^ • !: expect to hear you heuig sent for one of; thesei fine days " I guessed the reason of the Private Secretary's irquuies about me, although: X did not satisfy ' the Treasurer on the -subject. The reaction which suddenly took placem my feelings on beholding Edith - Mowbray , so .unexpectedly was;' \- most -extraordinary. Although -1. had: .wished v her -present several .tunes -that; evening • to witness my ceuquest of the beaiitifuliiliss Graem and to, see with' what.indifference I treated her inconstancy, when she actually stood before; rae I felt like a criminal; especially ".when; I suspected that she had understood what, had passed between - my charming partner and myeolf. -However, on reverting to ier letter I considered myself quite* 1 us tilled in my conduct and perfectly free. X debated with myself (Ja the subjept while returning to the ballroom, where I beheld the object of : my. thoughts. Mr Stanley was still in her company, or rather was her partneria a dance Oa the next dance beiHg about to -begin the geutlemait, after whisper from Miss Mowbray, ^approached - ine, introducing himselfj and adding— ; ,"I have flio pleasure of informing-yoii. that I am commissioned by Miss Alowbray. to present lier compliments, and "ask tliat you will favour her : with your- Company,: as she has some news for you from your friends at liome.'" 1 observed that Miss Mowbray had left the hall -when .Stanley came to me with the" message, and wnen I accepted the invitation he conducted me lo a small apart-: ment or private room. . On entering he announced my name,. formally^introd ueing me to MIBS Tdowbray, and then quitted US. '.- .'. ': -;.;;•* Edith was Btaudmg m the centre of .the -floor, and approached ma with a tad kind of smile, sayings— . • "I am happy to gee you, JXr Bloomfield, after such a long separation. 1 hope you have been well since I last heard of yqu.' • - "Perfectly well; Miss Mowbray ; you are welcome.to.Australia,;" •-•' . -'• ."Thank you. I'ray, take a snat; have some news to tell you from home "- Bhe said, placing a chair for me, and taking one herself:" > • • — •: •' Home news is ! al'.yaj-s acceptable to a colonist/'1 replied, in ulie; same cool and' distant- tone. She heaved a ^deep sigh, which «lie strove-to conceal. ' "X did not imagine," she said, " when we parted m-England many years aito that our meeting again would ba" so cold and reserved " • , ; Neither.did. I, Miss Mowbray,X>e-: plied coldly; " but timo alters many, things, it seems " \- _ ;. A pause snsnedy during-which-I for the' first tiuiG-that evening scannedthe face of my companion as she sat with her head beut dovrnwaid, nervously playing with her watch-chain She was httls changed Bmceihad last seen her, excSnt that froiii a girl she had cijsanded into a woman, and,thftt.h«r beauty .was of a much inbro: pronounced character than in those old; days.- I, was struck when X heard 'her! voice with-its similarity to: that of Ed wiii, hor cousin, -whom she resembled also in -face. - From some .^unknown, cause sh| •started; several, times at my voice as T spoko to her " " I suppose you hare not heard as yet' that .your sister Rose and JUT brother Alfred are married," .she remarked, in a : tMmbling-voice. .. . ... -;"Ihad a:'lotter,a few days.ago/.ihiimating. that the marriage would take place, in week fiom that d'ate " "Then you have Jieaid from Rose lately V' slie added, i; llh seeming uneasino ",:H«r,lotter was .-written after you left foi London to join youi aimt, hut I never suspected that it was your relative who came as Governor here, for Hose never mentioned his name, but -gaid he' was appointed an Indian Governor, a*d vas leturning thence " : " So he -thought himself-; but ho' was appointed for this colony at the last moment. \- ;Did Rose ;say. any more aboiit" mo 3" she inquired timidly. " She.did, and: .even ,.*nclosed me your note to her fiom London," I leplied, signilicantly, -while I watched my companion's countenance. 1 perceived thai she trembled at ilia words, and turned away her face. X judged that she.was agitated, but cojii eidered that she doserved the pam which was inflicted by the news. e " Of course you thought the news in that letter extraoidmary, and I may even y c> ucl ' j "I expect it is too late to talk about thesubjectnow, so, with your .permission,- we will drop it," I replied coldly. "I dare say JOB are right. Tho subject is too painful to be introduced at our first meeting, and I expect you are impatient to gel back to the ballioom I trust yoa will foigivo me for 1 - defaming you so long from your beautiful partner, who I have no doubt will be the future Mrs Bloomfield Wot "before Miss Mowbray is changed " That willlie nevci," Edith remarked,'" with emphasis, surpiismg me veiy much 1 :: "But you have not mentioned the 1 lady's name," she pursued "I must confess.«he-is oae of the haudsomest girls I ever beheld " Her Hiine is Miss Graem—a nauve «f Australia So you see, Miss Mowbray, we can produce passable ipecimsns of female Beauty." . " I fear she may get jealous at TOO de • taining you, so we had better return to 3 the ballroom. But bofore wepaitlmust' ask you to visit me some other day, as I have several things to nay which our short form zry »unt whp vou are, BO that your company at Government .House will ba alwiyjs,acceptable " THank you, Miss Mowbray ; I shall avail myself of your kind invitation on some future day Are you ^engaged for the next waltz 3 If not, may X have the pleasure of engaging you >" Undoubtedly forthe sake of old times 1 Mi Bloomfieia." - She took my arm, and we re ente ed the ballioom just a a waltz washeg nnmg ! I saw Hamilton with his cousin walk away when Edith and I took-our place oil the floor Thinu thai Winnie was indisposed, vhen the dance was over I yinqmred for Ilarmlton I was informed that Mat Graem'ji part- had left; and that sTie was nnweli J as i«ry uneasy on h»»ring this, and feaiodtliat Hamilton 'hadre eahd. my secret After partinj -with XJdithin. better huroeu than I hid mticmirl at r > 1 PtCLr ng H at eve im 1 raicea m\ hotel, iu\ m ndhiled tio « flowing wjih utranger aud epi flicang eJIi0 j " PnB ( r t l ^ ^ * I 