NOTES. BY CANTS ' Westward ho — at least it was in that direction that grey hounds have been going for days' past, and those of their owners who did not leave town this morning for Bathurst will be hieing thitherward on Monday, if they can. All the Victorian dogs intended to run at the meeting have arrived, but up to the present not one of the Victorian coursing men nave put in an appearance. The last dogs to arrive were tnose irom jut. waguer s Kennei, and, to an outsider, it seemB strange that any person knowing anything about greyhounds should risk losing a stake by making them undergo a sea voyage in less than a week before they run. Short as the distance is between Sydney and Melbourne it involves the less of two days' training, ag; well as the chance of a dog being thrown out of health. If I Wilson was to keep in Victoria a Sydney Cup favourite until a week before the Randwick meeting what would people say, and yet a horse will suffer less from a short sea voyage than a well-bred greyhound. The popular president of the New South Wales coursing club had his representative amongst the three dogs which arrived sa late, and it is a pity he should have his chance of winning so grand a trophy as the cup is jeopardised through want of a little forethought. I think that there is not a member of ] ' the club who would feel a qualm of jealousy or covetousuess j if Mr. E. Lee was to win it, but I cannot see that he has a j chance against some of the cracks which are to go for the , grand* prix. A Victorian pair not looked for have come up, j and upBet calculations regarding tho winner. The most dangerous of the pair is a splendid looking black slut yclept Peri, by Red Rover — Glencoe — who in her first appearance last year met and was vanquished by the Australian Coomassie — Western Princess. She next appeared at the Australian club meeting in the Juvenile Stakes, when she and the clipping Barwon Lass saw the end of it, and she did the same in the Cup Match won by La Rapide, after beating Loyal, Rosewater, Burnside, and L'Encore. Late in August Peri and her full sister Persephone divided the principal prize at the meet on theWerribee. and in this match wer& three we shall see at Bathurst, viz.,' Paymaster, Miss Crowe, and Legerkeeper, as well as a full sister to Happy Lass. As to her breeding. I want nothing better than Red Rover out of Glencoe by Cauld Kail from Bonnie Jean by Cardinal York. Red Rover by Fusileer — out of Black Bees — a continuation of the Bedlamite, Larriston, Judge, and Jacobite strains. My reason for dwelling so long on this slut is that she is said to have been brought over in the interest of a bookmaker, and your readers may as well know the fact, and what the dog is, so that they be not picked up. Another of the dangerous division is Maid of the Hills, to run in Mr. Skarret's nomination. The Maid belongs to a running family, being by Wellington out of Menymaid, and won at her first appoarance in tne Grant and Polworth Oaks. Mr. D. Jones has two second-season dogs from which to select, one for the cup and keep the ' cull' for the Dockairne. His best is said to be Cashier's daughter by Cashier— Colleen Bawn— with no performance record to induce the belief that she ha» the ghost of a chance against the pair just referred to. Mis? Cashier started four times last year, but only once got past the second round, and this at a country meeting when she was one of the last four in a 32-dog stake. My report* from Bathurst respecting the condition of Morning Light are not as favourable as I could wish, and until I see hin» must leave him out of my list of probable cup winners. Peri, Barunah, Maid of the Hills, and the bestin Gardiner s kennel, will form the bulk of the last four in the chief stake, that is if public running is a criterion, and the legendary luck in coursing does not favour something less, clever, or a puppy put in a claim, and in ' my mind's eye have I 6uch a one. 