MIilton. AtN old'man named Kearns died at Milton in a destitute condition, after a brief illness, on Saturday last. It is lamentable to think of the state of misery and want men allow themselves to he redoruced to for the want of a little prudence-this man being for instance a carpenter b3 trade. The movement in connection with estal; lishing a Public school at Croobyar is pro gressiag favourably so far. A well ittended meetiug, coisisting of heada..of .firmilies representing over sixty children of school nies,' wans: held at the houss.of:J. iand J. Miller, Sunny Vale, to consider the Iceces sity of appling for a school in. ijidositbo suitable to the requirements of thd iuhabi tants of Crooblyar and settlers south and west of that estate. It ias a very unani mnus meeting--everyone being inmpressed with the necessity of somethinc being done in order to obtain the facilities for educating their children. A most unanimous ext'res sion was given in favour of the iplace known.i as the Reserve, as being the most central, canvenient, and in every way suitable site that it was possible to obtain. As the lReserve is a portion of the Croobyar estate. it was resolved that a deputation, consisting of Messrs. T. lHobbs, J P., John Miller, John Evans, D. Kennedy, and J. Petty, wait upon the proprietor, Mr. David Warden, to ascertain if a portion of the Iteserve could be obtained for school yur poses, and to invite his co.nperation in the matter. A list of tie names and ases of clihdren represented by those present was taken in tihe room, when sixty.six names were entered. A strong committee a as also appointed, and then a vote of thanks to the Chairman, (Thomas Hobbs, J.P1), and also to the Menssrs Miller for the usc of their room, concluded the business of the evening. On the following day, the appointed deputation waited upon Mr. Wtardenu, who, after being informed of the unanimity of feeling in favour of the Reserve, and satisfying himself with the correotness of the list of children promise.d to attend a school if established at the site, at once stated his willingness to give two. acres of land in the north-east corner of tihe Reserve for schooll urnroses. MIr. Warden also kindly promised to lurnish the coommittee with a plan of the site and locality. Forms of application hav ing been sent for, have been obtained and forwarded to the Council of bdueation wth th o names of over ninetŽ clhldren lttachled, all of school ages, aid being, with four exceptions, within a radius of' two mdes of the proposed school. '.nt•e site selected is unquestionably a very' eligible one, being asout the centre of the Croobyar estate, nearly level, dry, and shady, and adjons the proclaimed, but still unopeaed, road through the estate and it. Cooper's forty acres. At this point, also, cross roads used by tenanti, &o.;, converge on to the public proposed road mentioned. Hy these roads nearly the whole, ol tlie children on the list will travel to school, it granted at this place, and it is to bhe hoped the Goveornment will not dily-dally any longer in opening the maoin road. Farmers are still busy. ploughing and seowing, but most of them complain of the want of sulloient rain to promote the growth of treen crops. Thie seather in othLer respects is simply perfect, The volunteers are keeping an eye on the proceedings relatting to the re-organisa tion of the force, and if, according to the Colonial Secretary, Sydney and Newcastle are the only places worth, being concerned about, the Ulladullta Corps may as well' give up the ghost. 