MISCELL .iNEO US. A storekeeper named Michael Lillis has been fined £25 at Kyneton for selling Ijquor wftiiout a license in November last. The^ information Has laid by a woman named Singer, who was lately "defeated, in a clurge I against Liilis of having stolen £5 from a letter belonging to her. A legal definition was on Friday given 111 the New South Wales Supremo Court of the 31st clause of the Land Act. The court held that the words firo miles square meant a block of land five miles each way. ^ The wharfage at Goohva is quite fnadequatejfor the present increased river trade. Twenty steamers and barees are waiting berths. The Southern railway of New South Wales will be opened to Bethungra by the end of the month. . Mr. J. B. Henderson, late resident engineer of the waterworks,. Sandhurst and Casfclemaine. lias been appointed to supervise the waterworks at Townsville. Queensland. A Mrs. Cresswell has made a declaration thata lunatic in the Parrainatta Asylum, lier husband, is . the veritable Arthur Orton, son of George. Orton, butcher, of Wapping. The celebrated steeplechaser, All Fourg, .has chauged owners, Mr. W. Bailey having disposed of him to Mr. Herbert Power, for Mr. Sullivan, for £500. Goulburn is said to have a ghost in the slia^e of a. " light" which careers about an unfinished stone house, and eludes approach. So siys the JicrahL The Treasurer (the Awns states) made an im portant statement in reply to a deputation, in which he iutimated that the public finances were in anything but a satisfactory condition. The Treasury, lie said, was not full, and so far from anticipating a surplus, he looked forward with anxiety to the time when he would have to make his finarcial statement. Mr. Matthew Burnett is still in Gippsland. The Siatn carried a froight of gold and specie valued at £410,000. Charles Westwood hanged himself in Melbourne on Wednesday after ,a debauch. Thomas Warner, an old settler in the west for thirty > ears, has died at Colac. A New' York firm hangs out this sign-" In Providence we trust-everybody else cash?' The death of Mr. Robert Allan, one of the very earliest colonists,- is announced as having taken place atBuninyong ou Friday. A miner named James Fadie, twenty-six years of age, was -seriously injured at Eaglehawkon Friday through a mass of earth falling upon him in the mine at which he was engaged. Counterfeit sovereigns and shillings are in circu lation at Geelong. Several tradesmen have been victimised. A horsedealer named Tnckwell was seriously hurt at Coburg on Saturday afternoon through being thrown off the back of a colt, and the animal kicking him. The man's spine has been severely injured. Negotiations are being made to secure a visit from another English eleven.' A man named John Meehan, brother of Mrs. Egan of the Plough Hotel, Myrniong, was killed on Friday night . List. He was riding in a waggonette with another man, when the vehicle capsized, covering Meehan. His companion, who had jumped out when he saw the waggonette going, at once raised it up, but it was found that Meehan was quite dead, his neck being broken. Mr. Joseph Nicholson, brother ofthelatc Hon. Wm. Nicholson, and one cf the first agricultural machinists of tho colony, died on Sunday at Mel bourne. A heavy thunderstorm burst orer Ballarat about an hour before sundown on Tuesday; the rain came down in torrents, Hooding all the channels, tearing up the road metal, and overflowing the pavement at the lower part of Sturt- street. The Mechanics' Institute was flooded from the back area, one of the reading rooms, the passages, and offices being under- water. The heavens soon cleared to the westward, but in the south-east and south-west it is still very cloudy. The single women who arrived in Sydney as immigrants by the Worthbrook have been readily absorbed, the demand for female servants boiugin excess of tho supply. Fearful floods arc reported from the North ; nearly five inches of rain have fallen at the Peaks since Saturday. On the 10th March the iteamer Somerset passed a barque stranded ou a reef about a mile to the north-west of Point Madura Island, off the coast of Java; her foremast and jibboom were standing, with yards aloft and sails furled. Heavy seas were washing over the vessel, which evidently had been abandoned. It is raining heavily in Queensland. A member of the New Guinea expedition has published a letter contradicting tdie statement that the party are ill-organised, and not sufficiently prepared for auy contingencies. It expresses con viction that the time has arrived for colonization, not only for gold adventurers, but planters, miners and squatter's. The Colonist started on Saturday. The Sydney Masonic Hall was crammed on Monday night, on the re-appearance of the Rev. Charles Clark. Large numbers were unable to gain admittance, and his reception was most en thusiastic. Mr. Edgar Chapman has obtained a twenty-one years* lease of 900 square miles of pastoral country on the north-east of the north-western branch of Cooper's Creek, South Australia. The Brandy Creek, Tasmania, dispute has been settled satisfactorily to all parties. There is no doubt whatever that there is a payable goldfield there, and that the alluvial deposits extend into the deep ground on the flat. There is great excitement at Townsville over the almost certain wreck of the ship Merchant and the loss of her whole crew, or their murder by the blacks. On the beach at Dunk (sic) Island, two boats bearing the name "Merchant" were fouud smashed in, and a quantity of wreck, some of it also bearing the, same name, was found strewn o\er the beach, and oven inland on the island. No trace of men were seen but.the hatchway, comb ing, and spars were found. Some men who were trying to recover the wreckage were attacked by the blacks, and some of the party were speared and seriously wounded. It is thought that the crew of tho vessel have all been drowned or if they have escaped that fate, that it was only to ' meet the worse one of murder. In the latter case they were almost certain to be all eaten, as the aboriginals at the place of the wreck are inveterate cannibals. The ship Merchant was of 1,059 tons 'burden, and sailed from Cornwall on the 5th of March for Melbourne, at which port she is moored. She was .to call at Daintrec Kiver, when she recently met with a mishap. A man employed as a cook in an hotel in Sydney died suddenly on Tuesday and medical opinion is that it wa,-rfrom English oholera. 