CITY POLICE COURT. Tins Day. Miosn Offences.— Three drunkards were discharged. Johanna Zaioson was fined 10s. or 24 hours, and Alexander Watson and Alice Ross, both drunkards, were lined £2 or 48 hours' im priBOnment each. William Smith was fined 5s. or 48 hours in tho cells for assaulting a civilian. Annie Woods, Fran i Keene, and Martin Me Qrath were oaoh fined 40s. or 48 hours imprisonment for using improper longuago. IiAkoenv.— Timothy Humes was broueht up in answer to a charge of his having stolen a bell from the Ulster Hotel. Detective Swan b»w defendant at tho door of tho Criterion Hotel with the bell in his hand. He took possession of the bell, and on making enquiries, ho found 'that it had been stolen from tho Ulster Hotel. Prisonor was arrested by him shortly after. Tho Bench adjourned the caae until to-morrow ?for thejproduotion of further ovidence. HousE-aiiiEAKiN-d.— Charles Magg and Henry Titisley wero brought up, charged, with having broken into Mr. Dawaon'a shop. Inspector Lewis conducted tho case for tho prosecution. Detective MoGrnth said that the prisoners were given into his cutody in Sydney en Friday Jast. The depositions taken boforo the Water Polioo Magistrate at Sydney wero also given dnto his possession. Both prisoners wero remanded from Sydnoy to Brisbane, under a warrant. On tho application of Inspector Lewis, tho defendants wero remanded until Thursday noxt. Summons Case. — Harold Ashworth v. Wil ,'liam Hillirtrd, non-paymont of wages, £4. Mr. Porter appeared for the dofonco. The plaintiff stated that he had been onraged by defendant -to paint a house. He was at work thore for ten days, but waa not bound to devote all his time to tho task. Mr. Porter argued that de fendant could not bo sued under tho Masters and Servants Act, as uudor that Act plaintiff -would bo bound to dovoto all his timo to tho ?work, and would bo completely under tho con trol of his master. Tho defendant should have been Buod in tho Potty Debts Court. Tho case was dismissed with coats. In a provincial theatre, where ' Macbeth' ?was recently played by a olever man, who was :alao a grout favourito with the audience, in tho t banquet scone, ho had dolivored his words to the ? ghost of llanquo, 'Henoei honco! honco!' when ho dropped on his knee, oovering his face ?with his robo, and shuddering convulsively. Just as tho applause was over, a youth in tho gallery, carried away with tho intensity of tho acting, oried out, 'It's nil right now, Smith; ibo'a gone.' 