; '.Home tuni !F©res|io ENGLAND. some of England's sad debts. The following is a list of the countries and States who have borrowed English money and have neither repaid capital or interest : — Turkey, principal xmredeemed, £197,390,245 ; interest overdue, £11,423,593. Peru, prin cipal unredeemed, £32,953,000 ; interest overdue, £2,(538,099. Mexico, principal unredeemed, £27,905,800 ; interest overdue, £9,388,580. Venezuela, principal unre deemed, £6, (31(3,800 ; interest overdue, £2,010, G19. Costa. Ilica, principal unre deemed, £3, 304,000 ; interest overdue, £471,972. Bolivia, principal unredeemed £1,545,0 10 ; - interest overdue, £15)8,4-80. Alabama, principal unredeemed, £1,444.000. intrest o,£erduc, £4'J2,0S0. Ecuador, princi pal unredeemed, £1,824,0 ;0; interest over' due, £1(34,100. Greece, princi] al unredeemed £2,400,000 ; interest, overdue, £.U;J2,00(-. Guatemala, principal unredeemed, £542,200; interest overdue £51,374. Liberia, principal unredeemed , £100.000 ; interest overdue £21,000. Louisiana, principal unredeemed, £4,487,000; interest overdue, £1)1(5,000. Paraguay, principal 'unredeemed, £1,505 400; interest overdue, £331,188, San Domingo, principal unredeemed, £714,300 ; interest overdue, £192,8,31. Uruguay, principal unredeemed, £3,l(-4.800; interest overdue. £189,888 ; total, £335,094,423. THE BIBLE BEVISEKS. (Catholic licvieivj. It is reported that the commission of Pro testant scholars who have been for some years sitting at Westminster engaged in the work of ''revising' the Bible, are approach ing the end of their task, and that the fruit of their labours will soon be given to the world. It is not surprising that men who have undertaken to reform the Church, of God, should be willing to reform also the written word oC God. Their ancestors were fond of this amusement, and the forty-eight English scholars and ministers who spent three years — from 16013 to 1609 — in mana facturmga version that would be acceptable to their royal master King James I., did not hesitate to strike out the whole of seven books which are as canonical as Genesis or the GosjdcIs ; to eliminate certain chapters or parts of chapters from other books ; to falsify the meaning of sentences which mili tated against their notions oE what the Holy Ghost should have said, but which they did not dare to expurgate altogether. The Old Testament, as settled by the Holy Council of Trent, more than three hundred years ago, and forty years before the forty-eight servants of Xing James mutilated it, con sisted of forty-six; books ; they struck out the books of Tobias. Judith, Wisdom, Eeelesiasti cus, Baruch, and the two books of Macha bees ; they omitted six entire chapters from the book of Daniel. The knowledge of these facts is not generally diffused among even intelligent Protestants. - It is true that the Bibliolatry which formerly prevailed among them has, to a great extent, given place to confused doubts and contemptuous indiftier enee. An acute Protestant writer has lately said that belief- in the plenary inspiration of the Bible existed at present only among the ignorant and simple-minded of the sects. He had the grace to add that, so far as he knew, this scepticism was not shared in by the theologians and the learned among the Catholics. In this opinion he was quite cor rect. Every Catholic, learned or simple, knows that the Bible is the Word oil God ; his ground for this belief, however, has nothing to do with literary criticism, histori cal evidences, or private opinion ; he knows it simply because the Church tells him so. But Protestant parsons and professors pick to pieces this portion or that portion of the Scriptures ; one of them pronounces that Deuteronomy is a forgery ; another that the Canticle of Canticles is an erotic and some what indecent and immoral poem ; a third, that tlie Fourth Gospel is spurious ; and a host of others agree in declaring that the account of the Creation in Genesis is wholly irreconcilable with what thoy assume or sup pose to be the facts of science. But the ordinary Protestant layman, living in good faith, still accepts the mutilated and mis translated version of the Scriptures, prepared by Xing James' scrvauts, as tlie whole and true Bible, and although he would be puzzled to give a reason for this acceptance, ho holds the book in reverence as the word of God. What he will say to the new version with which he is shortly to be presented by the Westminster translators — one of whom, by the way, is an avowed disbeliever in the divinity of Christ — remains to be seen. No official report of the work o£ these translators has as yet been put forth, but we judge, from certain hints that have appeared from time to time in a well-informed London journal, that they have not been at all chary in cutting and slashing away at those por tions of the Scriptures which form the hitherto accepted Protestant Bible. It is probable that only one further omission of an entire book will be attempted, but it is said that a note will be prefixed to the book of Deuteronomy, stating that it is a forgery,- and that although it purports to have been written by Moses it was really composed seven hundred years after his death. Many of the Psalms will also be stigmatised aa apocryphal and the Song of Solomon — the Canticle of Canticles — will probably be suppressed alto gether. On the other hand it is understood that many of the glaring errors of translations in the King James' version will be amended, and that the passages in question will be rendered as they are in the Douay version. We are by no means responsible for the accuracy of these reports ; but there is no reason why they should not be true. Pro testanis have always done as they pleased in their revisions and translations of the Bible ; they have always left out what they did not like, and given false interpretations to passages that were too plainly Catholic. As we are writing about Bibles we may remind our non- Catholic readers that no less than seventy different editions of the entire Bible, as Catholics now possess it, had been printed and published in the vernacular tongues before the dawn of the lleforniation. ;md with the approbation of the Holy See, of tlie bishops in whose dioceses this work was done, and in one instance at least, in Spain in 1478, with the formal permission of the Inquisition. A full version in Latin was published at Mefcz in 1455 —77 years before Luther's Bible appeared. Latin versions of the entire Bible were also rapidly published as follows— at Bainberg in 14dl ; at Home in 1471 ; at Lyons in 1471 ; at Venice and Naples in 4476 ; in Holland and Spain in 1477 ; in Bohemia in 1488 ; in England in 1535 ; in Iceland in 1551 ; in Poland in 15u3 ; and in .Russia in 1581. The earliest versions in Italian were published simul taneously at Home and Venice in 1471 — these passed through, no less than thirteen, different editions before 1525, and eight sub sequent editions were printed during the next forty-two years. These were all pub lished with the express approbation of the Holy Office — they were full, complete, and faithful translations. Three other Italian versions, equally accurate, appeared at Venice m 153S, 1546, and 1547. The earliest complete version in German was printed at Leipsic, in|14(36, seventeen years before Luther was born ; others followed so rapidly that there had been at least twenty different editions published in Germany before ' that biggest blackguard Europe ever produced,' as we heard him described the other day, saw the light. Some of the more famous of the older German translations are those of Wittenburg, Nuremburg, and Cologne, 1470 ; Strasburg, 1470 ; Wittenburg and Nurem burg, 1473 ; Wittenburg, 1490 ; Lubeck, 1494 ; and Haberstadt, Mayence, and Basle, in 1517-1522. The first complete translation into French was that of Des Moulins, pub lished at Lyons and Paris in 147S, and passing through sixteen editions ; this was followed by the version of Le Fevre, in 1812. This went through no less than thirty-nine editions. In the English language there is a, complete translation, dated 1290 ; and in Flemish one written in 1210, and printed in 1475. Our present English version is a translation from the Latin Vulgate, which was rendered from the original Hebrew and Greek by St. Jerome, towards the close of the fourth century. It is the best and most perfect of all the versions now extant. The King James' version, as we have said, is not only defective, but abounds in gross perversions of the original text in matters affecting doctrine, DISTUKSS OF VISCOUNTESS KINGSLAND' The following startling paragraph aj) pearcdin the London Times of March 25th :? — Royal Bounty. — The Earl of Beacons field has recommended a grant from the Royal Bounty Fund of £100 to the Universal Beneficent Society, 15 Soho-square, London to be appliod for the benefit of Viscountess Kingsland, one of the society's pensioners. Viscountess Kingsland was married to the late viscount in 1819. After his death the interest on the sum of £12,000 was her only means of support. One of the two trustees appointed having died, the other trustee, her own brother, absconded with the principal and left her completely destitute and penni less. The authorities of the parish in which she resided then allowed her outdoor relief at the vate of 2a. (3d, per week, and with her needle sho managed to eke out an exis tence, earning wee'.cly on an average from 2s. to 3s. She lived in a small room in Lambeth in extreme poverty, and endured for a bug time in sileuce her h;rd lot. Lady Kingsland has no relatives living who are in a position to assist her, her sister being her self a pensioner on Government, and receiv ing £4q a year. The sister lives with her to daughters, who are engaged as machinists (sewi ng machines) . Tha third daughter of that sister lives with Lady Kingsland, and earns a small weekly pittance by braiding mantles and other needlework. The house in which they reside has been condemned and will shortly be pulled down. They occujrf one small back room about thirteen feet square, in which there is scarcely any furniture. Lady Kingaland's bedstead in only an apology for this necessary piece of fnrnituro ; and her niece has none at all, but sleeps on the boards at night, or rather in the morning, when, she has finished her daily toil. Lady Kingsland has continued her needle work, but; this she is obliged to confine to shirtmaking. She is remunerated at the rate of 2d for each shirt made ! It has been decided, with Lord Beaconsfield's approval, to expend the £100 grant in purchasing an annuity of about £10 or £12 a year for Lady Kingsland, after laying out a small sum in making a new apartment to be procured for her ladyship a little more comfortable than that which she occupies at present. — Social Notes. CATHOLIC PROGRESS IZ\T 1877. England and Wales, compared with last year, show an increase o£ (34 priests and 19 churches. New churches have been opened in the following dioceses : — Nottingham, 10 ; Salford, 4 ; Liverpool, 2 ; Hexham, 1 ; Northampton, 1 ; and Plymouth, 1. Liver pool has gained 10 priests, Southwark 12, Westminster S, and others in lesser propor tion. The hierarchy, we need hardly say, remains unchanged. Scotland shows an in crease of only 5 priests — from 260 to 265 ; but her churches have increased by 14 — from 239 to 253. The Eastern District has added 7 priests, and the Northern lost 2. The Western District has had 8 new churches, and the other two divisions 3 each, which is an evidence that the building-; have gone up faster than pastors could be secured. The obituary for the year contains the names of 43 clergymen— -28 seculars and 15 regulars— and consequently there are gaps made each twelvemonth which require a steady supply of new candidates to fill up. STANLEY, THE EXPLORER. There has been some correspondence iu the English press, not all of a very pleasant character, as to who Mr. Stanley, the African explorer, is, and what he had been engaged in before he made himself famous by his singularly well managed expedition across Central Africa. ' Ever,' says the Pittsburgh Commercial, ' since that unhappy Mr. Noe made his bitter onslaught upon Mr. Stanley's fame, there has been some uncertainty about the great explorer's birthplace, and even about his native land. At length Mr. Guernsey of New York, evidently a warm admirer of his, apparently thinks that in the light of his recent glories, Stanley can afford to have the old secret of his early life re vealed. It seems that Stanley's real name was John Rowland ; that he was born near Denbigh,, in Wales, in 1850, and of parentage so low that at the age of three years he was placed in the poor house of St. Asaph. There he remained for ten years, and received a good education, by which he profited so well that he was at length appointed usher in a school at Mold, in _ Flintshire. At the age of fifteen, he shipped as a cabin-boy on a vessel bound for New Orleans. There, employed by a mer chant named Stanley, he was at length adopted by him and authorised to take his name. Having joined the Confederates and been taken prisoner by the Federals, he was cut off from his benefactor, and became a newspaper _ correspondent.' The clever ex plorer receives £'4-00 each from the London Illustrated News and the Graphic, for the use of his sketches of incidents and scenes of his travels. PROTESTANT PRAYERS FOR THE POPE. Says the Times of Wednesday, the Catholic churches were not the only places where prayers were invoked on behalf the new Pope on Sunday. A similar request was made in the forenoon at the Church of St. John the Divine, Kenningtou. At the close of his sarmon at the twelve o'clock service the Eev. Mr. Athatves, one of the curates, after refer ring in eulogistic teams to the virtues and general character of the late Pope, asked for the prayers of the congregation on behalf of newly-elected Pontiff, that he might inherit all. the virtues of his distinguished predeces sor who had just passed away. 