MELBOURNE, (FBOH ODE OWS COBBB8PONDEKT.1 Monday Evening. A caucus meeting of the Legislative Council, convened fay Sir Charles Sladen for the purpose of consulting on the relation of the two Houses and the Reform Bills no before them, was held at a late hour this afternoon. There were about twenty members present, and the political situation was discussed at considerable length. Nothing very definite as to tbe result of the meeting has transpired, but I under stand that tbe general feeling was in favor of a conference between the two Houses as soon as -the forms of Parliament would allow, although the prevailing opinion seemed to be that there was but little prospect of an agreement. Sir Charles Sladen, Professor fiesin, and Mr R. 8. Anderson were appointed to represent the Council at' the' conference. Meetings of the Executive and Cabinet were held to-day, at winch n good deal of routine bnsi nees was transacted. . A supplement to the Government Gazette, issued this evening, announces that the Governor has this day Assented inHer Majesty's name to" An Aetata authorise the conversion of Victorian Government Stock into debentures. In tbe same publication the Government offer a reward of £100 for such information as will lead to the apprehension of Kenneth M'Donsld, who made his escape from the gaol. at Hamilton on the 10th instant. The sale of the late Mr Pnrves pictures drew a huge number of peroons to Getnmeil and Tuckett's auction-rooms this afternoon. Prices were gene rally low, but a few paintings brought high flgnres, amongst them being " Minh«el Angelo at the Death of his Favorite Servant," by C. Soubre, which was purchased hy Mr J. L. Pnrves for £260. One or two copies of Raphael's most celebrated works fetched from -£50 to £70.- A set of land- scapes, painted in Glover beet style, ranged from £15 to £17 10s." A small picture, said to be a veritable Rubens, and which certainly leaked old enough for one, conld only command £12." The totaLamount realised by the sole was .£1190— less than Vthird of what 'the collection coat. It seems that the detectives do sot yet fed folly satisfied that tbe female seen at Drysdale, and at first supposed to have "teen Mrs FamU, the woman so mysteriously missing from berhomein Collingwood, really is' not that person, in order to make the matter quite certain one way or the other, it has been -decided to despatch the sister of the missing woman to the place where the person taken for Mrs FarxeR is Staying. . . .. . A deputation from pastoral tenants holding land in the Wimmera district; and other parte of the colony infested by 'rabbits, was introduced to toe Minister of Lands thiB morning by Mr T.yptt, M.L.A., the object of the interviewers beiDg to pro test against that port of the proposed rabbit bill which empowers the shire councils to levy & special rate of 2d per acre for the pnrposea of rabbit de struction. It was represented to the Minister that tbe tax wonld form a very heavy item of expense on large stations, and that its operation wonld be unfair, as toe balk of toe Impost wonld foil upon the squatters, while toe agricultural selec tors, for whose special benefit it'woa imposed, wonld have to pay comparatively little. Mr Long- more failed to see toe matter in toe Ught'in which it was laid before him, and said he cotild not at present promise to make any alteration in the pro- "posoL He told tbe deputation, however, that in toe event of toe tax proving unfair or. oppressive after trial, steps might subsequently be taken io have it modified. - The Colonial Bank is going on well, the bad times notwithstanding. At the half- yearly meeting to-day an 6 per cent, dividend was declared out of the £22,060 6s lOd, which was set down as toe net profits for the half-year. Mr Panton appears to have come to the con clusion that leniency to larrikins is out of place, for be sentenced some wbe were brought before him this moroing, for disorderly conduct and resisting the police, to six months' hard laber, and to find sureties to keep the peace for a similar period. Tbe tittle con teat which for some time has been proceeding between Mrs Mongredien and toe police, terminated to-day in a victory for the lady. She wished to have the license of toe Waterloo hotel, Chancery lone, transferred to her ; bat tbe polite strenuously opposed toe application, prin cipally, it Beemed, on account of s policeman having been very much shocked by something he saw take place in -toe hotel whilst on his beat. Mrs Mongredien came to court to-day armed with toe good opinions of many barristers and others about toe hotel, and the bench bring unable to resist an appeal so writ backed np, granted toe transfer. After scaring women and children, and cudgelling policemen, the Prahran ghost baa shifted toe scene of operations to Richmond. He -opened proceed ings last night in toe nsnal way, that is, hy fright ening some women, and will probably keep tbat suburb alive until he gets caught, or takes a new departure. . A areolar addressed to toe Freemasons of this city, informing them that " the illuminated ad dress to Br Fast-master Lowry (in recognition of his indefatigable exertions in making toe Masonic ball of 1877 so great a success) will be handed to him, at toe Freemasons' haU, at half-put fonr p.m. on Tuesday (to-morrow), the 22nd instant," and that "the Right Worshipful District Grand Master (E.C.) Br F- C. (Captain) Standteb, has kindly promised to make the presentation." Those visitors to the forthcoming agricultural dhow at Sandhurst who may have -been looking forward with interest to the promised opportunity of inspecting one of tbe three diamond drills im ported by the Government will not be disappointed. The machine destined for employment at Sandhurst was despatched thither on Batnrday, toe one for Caatlemaine being forwarded at toe same time. The third and larger drill, which is evidently to be need in searching for coal, and which is fitted with a diamond fait three inches in its interior diameter, leaves for Creswick to-day, en route for Kingston, where, I am informed, its powers will be folly tested in boring for gold on toe ground ef tbe Longhlin Company. The suit of Longs taff v. Keogh, after a pro tracted existence, hoe readied what may be a final stage. It was instituted several months ago to dissolve n partnership, and toe bill having been de murred to, the demurrer was allowed by the Equity judge. From this decision the plaintiff eppealed, to toe Full Court, with toe result that tbe derision of the judge below was overruled, and the suit ordered to go on. Accordingly, arguments end evidence were heard, and 'tote morning Judge Holesworto announced his decision, which was to dismiss toe bill with costs. A prosecution under the new Poisons Act will take place at toe police court to-morrow ; Mr Long, a chemist carrying on business in Bourke street, having been summoned for selling arsenic to a girl named Margaret Creigbton, eighteen years old, in contravention of the act. Tbe girl com mitted suicide with the prison. The jockey Fritchard, who received almost fatal injuries in a fall at toe Kensington Park races on Saturday, still lives, and Borne slight hopes are en- ! tertsinedof his recovery. 