AN ACTOR'S STORY. So you want to hear my Btory, do yon ? Well, it's a sad one; but, though the recital will not bring a smile to your lip, it may prove a useful lesson and serve as a warning to you. All ready ? Well, I'll begin. Will I have a drink? No, thank you! No, indeed,-not if it was to save my lifel I know yon mean no harm by the invitation ; yon intend only kindness and courtesy; but, if yon knew all that the love of strong drink has cost me, the sorrow it has brought into my life, and the dark shadow it has. trailed across my pathway, I believe that you would never again ask me to hold a glass of liquor to my lips. It wa3 of that I was going to tell you! % You see, I was travelling in the far West, bringing up at last at San Francisco. I was doing variety "biz," and little Nell trapeze, dancing, etc. Nell? She was my little girl-the prettiest creature the sun ever shone on. Didn't know that I was married ? Well, you see your mistake. Poor Katie-my wife hers was a;dreadful fate! Tou see, we were playing an engagement at a certain fashion i able theatre, when, one night during the performance, a fire broke out, by accident, behind the scenes. Katie was standing near waiting for her " call" on, when the flames suddenly burst forth, and, seizing her gauzy dress enveloped her in their horrible folds. And I stood there and saw it all-the writh ing, leapiog, red demons winding their deathly arms about the slender form of my darling; her agonizing shrieks and cries for mercy, it seemed as if I should go mad. In an instant I sprang forward andgrasped her in my arms. I seized a shawl that was lying near, wrapped it around her, aud so ex tinguished the flames. But Katie I my lovely, bright-eyed darling-she, you'll understand, my friend, I-I can't bear to talk of it-she only lingered a few honrs, and died in horrible agony. Pardon these tears. It all happened long ago. I am an old fellow now, and will soon be on the retired list of the profession, but the memory of that terrible night still haunts me. It overwhelms me, unmans me, and breaks me down. Well, after that I clung tenaciously (for poor, weak human nature must have some thing to which it can cling), with all the strength of my desolate and stricken heirt. to my one anchor-my only hope, my little Nell. Oh, how I loved the child! Ye*, believe it, even when you have heard my dreadful story. She waB eo like her dead mother, with her great, soft;, dark eyes, and waving, golden hair, that seemed to catch all the dancing sunbeams, aud hold them prisoners in its shining meshes. Her form was so delicate and fairy-like, her every move ment full of grace, I knew that she was destined to make a reputation on the boards, and from her infancy I had trained her and watched over her, and devoted myself to her, until I was rewarded by the knowledge that there was no more graceful danseuae in the profession; and as for the trapeze " biz," I usid never, in all my long experience, beheld anything to compare with her.' She was so beautiful, so quick and dashing, she soon b^oame a popular favourite, and money began to pour steadily into our not over-fall coffers That's the time I like to think about. Afterwards-ah! who would look back if they could help it? How few of us dare to do it ? Lot's wife, by looking back, became a pillar of salt; "and you, whose life has gone by contraries, by looking back, will become a pillar of atone-a much worse fate." I've read that somewhere, and it's as true a Si ~---:-. 1 . . . .. ^-1 ""s tiling as ever was written. I Well, I'd come to the wrong corner'of my life, and when a man once tarns that corner lie's gone, and no hope for him. Don't look at me so pitifully; I can't bear pity, even from your kind eyes, my friend. Let me hasten to the end of my story-my tragedy. You see, about that time I took to drinking. I didn't realise "that I was taking the first step on the down ward track; but I had so many " friendB" (bah I such " friends" are really a man's worst enemies), and they congratulated me on Nell'* success, and invited me to drink; and so, elated by all the kind thingB they said (they were a set of well-meaning fellows, and never dreamed at the harmgtbey were doing). I got into the habit of drinking with them and leaving Nell alone when Bhe should have had her father-her only earthly friend-at her side to protect and care for her. So I went on from bad to worse. You know how fast a man goes down hill when he's once started, and at last it was all I could do to retain my position in the company, for I was always more or less intoxicated. I believe it was Nell's swset face and gentle ways that had so won on the heart of the manager that, aside from her popularity, was the cause of my being retained with the troupe. Bat I must hasten. One evening I came home, cross and out of sorts, to find Nell lying on the couch, white and wan» "What's the matter?" I demanded, roughly. s " 0 father," she cried, lifting her soft, sad eyes to my bloated face, " I feel so bad to-night! I'm right weak and dizzy. Can't I| stay at home for once ? Won't you see Mr. Mills, the manager, and beg him to let me off for to- night? Truly, I am very ill* and I believe he will excuse me l'r ''Excuse you !" I growled. "Not much t I've made a bet with some men who are to be at the theatre, and I've got fifty dollars staked on your wire- performance. You're to do the new business to-night, you know* Come, be getting ready I" She put up both little hands wifcb » nervous cry. " 0 father 1 father I" she walled plead ingly, " I cannot-indeed, I cannot do the new act to-night 1 I'm not able 1 I shall get dizzy up there and fall. I know it. Father" -her voice grew dignified and firm-" I shall not go 1" Don't look at me in that way, my friend; I can't bear the scorn in your faoe. I was ( maddened with drink, remember. I was no better than a savage or a wild beast. . I-I raised my clenched hand, and-I struck my little child 1 Don't-don't speak a word, for God's sake 1 . : . Well, I went to the theatre; a spasm of remorse touched me, and I determined to tell the manager that she was ill and could not appear. But, when I got behind the scenes, to my amazement, little Nell was there before me, frightfully white and wan, and a great, red mark upon one pallid cheek. - She came straight up to me, and laid her slender hand on mine. " You didn't mean it, father dear," the little angel whispered. " I forgive you-and I'll try to play my part." BUG I only pushed her from me and tnraed away. God! if I could but recall that night 1 I would lay my life down willingly to be able to undo that deed. " Well, the curtain was rung up and the performance began, and went on-and at last came Nell's new act oa the wire-something more reckless and daring than anything she had ever before attempted. S'ae bounded out before the noisy audience like a lovely spirit.' The rouge on her cheeks oovered the imprint of a father's dastardly blow; she,was bewitching beyond compare. I shall never, never forget it. The sight that I witnessed that awful night follows me about for ever, like an avenging spirit, and haunts me persistently like some horrible ghost that will not be laid. It has made my lite a burden -one long, awful agony; sleeping or waking, the phantom iB ever at my side and dogs my footsteps. I cannot forget it, can not shut it out; and so it will stay with, me nnfcil the dav I die. You cannot imagine the scene, tub gorgeous theatre, one flash o£ light-filled with richly-dreBsed people-for the elilS of the city were assembled there. The glitter of jewels, the lovely faces, the intoxicating perfumes, and over all the soft, low strains o! music from a matchless orchestra, while above our heads stretched out that murderous wire upon which my darling stood, smiling and bowing to the applauding audience smiling and bowing^ when I knew her little heart waB breaking. Cm you not imagine it all? CUn yon not see her, as she goes through with the diffi cult performance ? One tremulous motion, one mistake, and she would be lost. Seel she turns her frightened eyes upon my own, which, with theBavageglare of partial intoxica tion, were bent upon her movements. She trembles-the diamond-tipped wand-in her hand quivers and drops from her grasp; she' essayB to recover herself, but her little form reels and totters. She Btretches oat both arms, and with a wild cry of " Oh, father! I cannot do it 1" falls-falls all that horri ble distance, down-down. The net spread' below iB not Btrong, she goes downward-and,, oh, G,id! my little Nell-my lost Katie's, only child-lies a bleeding, mangled mass at the very feet of the horror-stricken, audience ! Dead I ay, quite dead! There I That's my story. Dreadful,isn'titf' Yea, I am sura that !? would be if only it were not founded entirely upon fiction! Yon see, my friend, I overheard you when you said last night I was " no actor," so I thought I'd treat you to a bit of realiitic acting! Yon wanted to hear my story, you know? Well, you've heard it. I didn't Bay that it was to be a true one. You Bee, I never had a wife. Little Sell it but a brain child; I never followed Horace Greeley's advice: " Go West," and variety " biz" isn't in my line 1 Have a toddy, old fellow, and shake hands on the " Actor's Story." Ha I ha 1 ha I 