NEWS OF TEE DAY. | Tho overland telegraph line to Port Dsr- t win was repaired yesterday forenooo. There f were no telegrams received, however, until a late hour last night. - As the arrival of the steamer Australian at Hyducy with, the Snn Francisco mails was to : bo expected either last night or this morning, ; it was desirable to arrange so that the : Victorian portion thereof should not l;e delayed uunocesnarily. Mr. Pattervoo, the y Postmaster- General, therefore tclejsraph«l J' to Sydney yesterday, aud hss received /»> a1' £ surance that the inaiis will bo forvvaritd as t_ soon as possible. It is therefore vory pro- . bable that they will reach tbe MelWrari.0 | office on Monday. Tbe improvements iu tho permanent. ney , it the entrance to the Speucer-atrvet rail- way station have been eo far completed that j yesterday for the first time the Easemlon '-no J Williamstown trains were despatched r/ic<o out tho vexatious and dangerous shuntnjg / operations that up to thu present time could not be dispensed with. Under the old y system a pilot engine and a staff of shunters ; were constantly engaged in moving the . suburban trains - after their arrive, and bringing them buck again to tho p!»t' ; form from which t'ooy had , to cc. : part, but for tho future tbe tram will remain stationary whilo its owq engine tra« 3 verses the new cros3-over points -.vlnch have v been 'put in, and is coupled on to the other end of the train. It is calculated that m ' addition to the saving of time, and the- ? creased facilities for manipulating the tramo afforded by ths pilot engine being removed, i there will be a clear saving to the depart- ; ment of about £2701) per annum by the im proved arrangements. A deputation representing the Melbourne Harbor Trust waited upon the ConnniBsiouer . 'of Uustoms yesterday for the purpose 01 i asking his Co-operation in regard to the dis posal of silt removed by tho dredges under , tho jurisdiction of tho Trust, Mr. Loruuer, tho chairman of the Harbor Truet, pointed out that nt present the Government took over all tho silt raised by the Trust, but it was contemplated that very probably in tbe courso of time tho tioveruinent would not require it, nnd tho question would then arise as to where it was to M deposited. Should the Trust have lands upon which the deposit of the silt would produce beneficial results the difficulty would not arise, but it was a very probable contingency . that they would not bo able to place it any where. They therefore suggested that per mission should be given to them to deposit the silt iu Hobson's Bay, botwecn. Foint Gellibran.i and Point Cook, wheru there was no possibility of its returning to the river. Captain Payne, the Chief Uarbor-uioetor, pointed out that exception had been taken to the deposit of the silt iu tbe Bay as being likely to be productive of detrimental re sults, but suggeete I tbat the i-mat sliou submit a dehnite propnr.il iu writing ae to what they required. Mr. Lalor requested : the Harbor TruBt to take that courie, and promised to give tbe inatt.r > dne consideration. fn reply to commissioners it was sta.eu there wero no dredges that would tho water at the w illiamstown Pier to tne extent of 29 feet, as askod by the uget.fl ? the Orient line of steamers, and that m any case such a depth wis wboily unnecessary, as it exceeded by several feet the S5re»" depth at low water iu ths large t caalineu in the Bay. .. The anticipations of the Minister of Bali- ways as to the Baring to be effected by p ohaeing the coals required by the dopartmen direct, from the coal owners through agents have proved to be thoroughly correct, a. offers have already been » ede to . . supply coals, delivered on the hue, _ . Sd. per ton cheaper than they cap Jjf tnined the. present ,1 When the tenders which hvo been J it i» probable that still I m,y be effeea? and from m$M to £15,000 a year will in any case Lured to the department. .statement was published yesterday, B jLMtogive details of what occurred B fto$U8gsf the nf®renoe 2 there- wnVof mernbere of the two Chambers, Wednesday and Thursday last. We authority for giving emphatic contra. K'L the statements made, and to add futeer «« devoid of truth. 1Y. wended goods classification and tariff . a. Victorian Railways, having reoetved unction of the Board of Land and avtawas published in lest night's Wot'ern- Oautte. The alterations m the rules already been stated. Q, Parliamentary committee appointed u Jmre iato the claims of Mr. W. F. uJre in connection with the contraot for Jf&elong; and BaUarat Railway, sat yes- Slit at the Parliament B oases, and took Shff eridence, The committee adjourned e!a Wednesday next. _ Tk. return of free passes issned upon the £!£">». "lled for by thBL2&- Council, is being prepared as rapidly usable, bnt on account of ita voluminous K«it cannot be ready for some time yet. Sash the fact that the return was jfrMoired with reference to the few Ssnreceding the West Melbourne elec- iTVaj nnmistakably apparent, it was !toed for a whole year, and a proviso was Lrted to the effect that the return should L the money value represented by the Sal The extent of the work involved P-be gathered from the fact that tZli. there are several hundreds of L folios (every departmental pass to voitmen or ofBeials having to be V— j) and the statement as to r,., involves most intricate cnlonlations, liich csa only be carried ont by experts. The nmirks that have been made with wjirJ to delay in the return being furnished mdeatly proceed from entire ignorance of Svotk to be performed, and, in future, it weld be advisable for honorable members fc. mite themselves to a slight extent nc- with the nature of what they re- tort before passing undeserved strictures jMn those from whom the information they Suira has to be obtained. Farther evidence was taken before the IiriTlX Commission yesterday in regard to lis appeal of Mr. Sydney S. Watson tout the classification of the Tintaldra Btiie, on the Upper Murray. The appel- lut'i erideuce was not concluded when the emmiuion adjourned until Monday. the Legislative Assembly of New South Add has now an opportunity of so amend- fcjtheUnd law of that colony as to moke IheCtown lands conduce to the benefit of the Kate, instead of, as at present, enabling the milters to purchase immense tracts of territory at almost nominal prices, and build ip Urge estates. As showing how the pre- ml ut is being administered to the publio irtriment, the following is given by the niaiu Chronicle: — "All offorts to stop 'nctioa' sales when no natural competition rafli having proved abortive, we have now ' uly to record facts occurring in our im- nidiate neighborhood. Yesterday G019 mi 2 roods of country land were sold here It cpset to six equatters, without the slightest appearance of the necessary in- priieat— competition. The areas went as follow:— F. Peppin, 219a. 3r.; R. Blackwood, JS93i. lr. ; H. RicketBon, 209a.; A. Came- ica 1250a. ; T. Armstrong, OGOa. : and J. Im'rence, 2300a. 2r.; total, 0019a. 2r. Lots b c p'and O of Gazette advertised sale sere' withdrawn. On Friday next; Wed- taJay, the 30th ; Friday, 1st November ; ul on Saturday, the 2nd proxin-;. thousands d icres more are down for sals hero in a tiilar way 1" The civil sittings of the Supreme Court sill be commenced on Monday- The list of the causes set down for hearing are given inibother column. An action of Bell v. Cupit was heard in tl« County Court yesterday, before Judge Cope and a jury, in which a widow follow- kg the occupation of n sewing machinist, ui living in Oollingwood, sued a contraotor living in Carlton for damages for injury sus tained by the plaintiff through the de- hndmt leaving a hole in the street unpro tected, and without a light at night. The phintiff stated that about ten o'clock on the night of the 4th July last, it being quite dark it the time, she wasgoing home through Made- line-street, Carlton, when she fell into a hole shithhad been excavated in the street for the purpose of planting a tree in it. The de fendant was the contractor with the Mel bourne Corporation for the work of exca- tating that and other holes for n like par ent, TEe plaintiff had two or three ribs Roten, two teeth knocked out, her jaw embed, an ankle sprained, and received se vere internal injury. The defence appeared to be that the plaintiff did not fall into the bole stall, and that she was not so severely injured ss she represented. The jury, at the due of the case, found a verdiot for the plaintiff, damages £290. Mr. Quinlan ap- pured for the plaintiff, and Mr. Hood for tbi defendant. The case was previously tried et another oitting of the court, when the jniy awarded the plaintiff the same count of damages as she now received. An application was made yesterday to the Chief Justice, in Chambers, by Mr. Mfformack for a mandamus to compel the Registrar of Land Tax to enter fit herring an appeal against the valun- | ton of the land of Mr. George Watson, itPilenham, The registrar had refused to enter the appeal on the ground that it was too late. His Honor granted a summons oiling oa the Registrar to show cause why the appeal should not be entered. The works committee of tho Harbor Trust met yesterday, and entertained a notice of motion wbioh had been given by Commissioner Reid regarding the basis of > enggested arbitration of the dis- pte between Messrs. Wright, Orr and Ca ind the Harbor Trust. It was Bug- gated by Commissioner Reid that a speoial meeting of the Tru9t should be held to con- rider the notice of motion, but the commit tee held that it wiis not necessary to do so. The oSer which bad been made by Messrs. Wright, Orr and Co. to refer the matter Is dispute to arbitration by two barristers ltd one layman was then discussed, but with out remit, and it was eventually decided Cat a special meeting -of tho works com- tittec ihoukl be held on Tuesday .to further amsider the subject. The Victorian Crieketers' Association yes- today agreed upon the programme to be juried ont in the reception of tho Australian tetm npon their return from their English nd American tour. The team will reach tchuea overland from Sydney, and will then U brcaght on to Melbourne by special train. At Spencer.atreet station they will be re- to'ri "Pen the platform by the Victorian Cncketera' Association, and will be pre- Hated with an add ress of welcome by the juident. They will then be driven in fonr- one drags, kindly provided by Mr. James B wrtoo, to the Town Hnll, where they will B « entertained by the Mayor and corpora- flj tin, and on the following evening they will B wgueata at a banquet to be given in their fl it the Town Hall. B juror Henry Marks, who on Thursday fined £10 by Judge Cope in the County J?"' 'or having noked the deputy crier arid ue representative of the registrar to em- B pmiel him in a case of M 'Auliffe v. Woxman, lo application to the judge in ohain- ten yesterday morning for a remission of the B P f wbo was noeouipanied by Mr. solicitor, denied that he ever spoke to fl fa kT n cr r" Snndilands about a desire ltu» 5- 18 a iuror upon any partioular H 7'. Bis Honor said he saw no Teason for fl "fncS his deeiaion. The fine was sub- fl epaeotly paid to the assistant-registrar. I JUl va'na')'a blood horses, an entire and .fl brood mares, were Bhipped on board the fl v? i American at London for thia port, fl "'"toy one, the entire, has arrived here. The B jr., to be destroyed and thrown over- B "Uofor the safe working of the ship, as the B „vl? in w'ch they were stabled was H JtohM to pieces by a fearfully heavy sea telling on board. The aniinalB thereby got , ae and endangered the lives of the orew fl ,la> working about the decks, fl"® weekly meeting of the executive rflfP? w khe Intercolonial JnveniJe Ex- flf''Mheld on Friday; Mr. D. Beath fc rinij, Tjje secretarv road several fl Wjenirate estimates for erecting the build- . I £ ®wan8'0nefreet, and as they were fl j„ the amount expected the committee ®Tn."r i1? 8 on w't'1 the exhibition. 'rm of debenture proposed to be issned rfl.iliCCewed nd adopted. The first official fl».".wa3 a prepared and passed by the clrcu'ar being prinoipally an .fl 'Bto to the public to assist the undertak. ' "S towards the debentures, fl au rij eao'1 are to be issned at fl el» U\r?n, were BVen to have 5000 cir- Kuible aUd distributed as early as fl nff"6?'3 !vereSrantedbythe Attorney- Gene- fl u 'bo following applicants : — 9 l«L. afbs, of 42 Bourke-street west, for M fc/,„jer?fn hydrants for street water- fl 2i.ju .r Putpoees, the application being fl W«a by Air. G. Douglas,' oi flinders-lane fl . t Mr. T. H, A. Sloan, of Terug, for an improved machine for tho destrnction of rabbits ; to Mr. A. Bechet, of Sydney, for improvements in and connected with gas burners. On the ISth intt., the _ Attorney- General also granted the application of Mr. John Owen, managing director of the Vir ginian Tobacco Company, for letters patent Sir an improved contrivance for branding tobacco. Mr. Waters conducted each ap plication. A fire broke ont shortly before fonr o'clock yesterday morning on the promises of Samnel Amier, situated in Bridport-street, Emerald- hill. Amier, who is a cook, left his home shortly before the fire took place, and very soon after bis departure the family were alarmed. The Emerald-hill brigade, fol lowed quickly by the Metropolitan brigade, proceeded to tho spot, and the lire was ex tinguished before the bnilding and contents were totally destroyed. The bnilding was insured for £450 in tho Australian Al liance Company; whilst another company had insured the furniture for £100. A bnilding adjoining, owned by Messrs. Sin clair and Dean, was slightly damaged. Mr. Sinclair states that on the previous night a fire occurred in Amier's residence, bnt he succeeded in extinguishing it. On Thursday night about thirty-five canaries were stolen from the Acelimstisa- tion Society's gardens in the Royal Park. The loss was discovered yesterday morning and reported to the police. It is also stated that canaries have been stolen from private residences in the same neighborhood. William WoodlocU was charged at tho City Court yeBterday with stealing jewellery and wearing apparel valued at £25, the pro perty of his brother. The cose disclosed some disgraceful facts. The accused bad r.esided with his brother abthe New Zealand Hotel, and on leaving ho took with him his brother's wife and tho property which it was alleged was stolen. Evidence for the defence was called, whioh showed that the ownership of the property was disputed, and the bench without hesitation dismissed the ease. The accused when in the dock appeared perfeotly unconcerned, and when leaving the conrt he shook his fist at his brother. A youth named William Armstrong was charged at the Brighton Police Court yester day with altering a cheque given him by Dr. MaddeD, by whom he had been em ployed, from £1 10s. to £3 10s. Ho was remanded until Monday, to appear at the City Court. A large meeting of burgesses of Victoria Ward was held at tlia Victoria Hall, Carlton, last evening ; Mr. J. Pigdon, J.P., in the cbair. Mr. Gnnn, who was well received, allnded in his address to the fact that he was prepared to support the careful and judicious distribution of the money already voted for the improvement of the district. Mr. A. M. Shnin proposed, and Mr. W. H. Leonard seconded, the usual vote, which was carried unanimously. At a subsequent meeting held at the Kent Hotel, at which the candidate was most cordially received, Mr. Robertson moved the vote, and Mr. II. Raphael Seconded it. A meeting of burgesses of the Victoria ward held was held last night, Mr. John Whelan presiding. Mr. Wharton, one of the candidates, gave an address, and, after answering a number of questions, he was awarded a unanimous voto of confidence. The results of the Viotorian Sunday School Union scholars' examination, held last month, is published to-day, and will no doubt interest many readers. Although the subject, the Gospel according to St. Mat thew, is so well known, the examination has evidently been a hard one. Patting the two divisions together, 196 attended, and of these 90 passed, or about 4G per cent. A mnsieal and dramatic entertainment, in aid of the St. Peter and Paul's Roman Cathollo School, Emerald-hill, was given last evening in the local Mechanics' Insti tute. In the musical part of the pro gramme the vocalists were : — Miss Rosina (Jnrandini, Miss St. Clair, Miss O'Brien, Miss Lucinda Blackham, Mr. W. Striker and Mr. T." B. Moroney. The first-named lady sang in her usual finished style- Kate O'Shane, and, as an encore piece, How to Ask and to Tako. Miss Blackham sang, Sing, Sweet bird, in an artistic way ; and, as an. encore, gave The Harp that Once Through 'Para's HallB with great ex pression. The dramatio portion of the pro gramme comprised the trial aceue from the Merchant of Venice, with Mr. M. de L, pierse as Shy lock and Mr. J. A. Levey as Portiai ; .. the . Quarrel . Scene, from the Rivals; in which Mr. W. E. G. SimonA sustained the part of Sir Anthony Absolute, and Mr. A. Coppin that of Cant. Abso lute.; and the reconciliation scone from the same play- The "performance at St. Georgejs Hall last night was for the benefit of Mr. Kebler, one of the most talented members of the United States Miustrel troupe. In addition to the oaual entertaining selections, several speci alities wore introduced, the performance passing off with groat eclat. The programme for this evening will contain Bevernl novel ties. At the Theatre Royal yesterday evening, The Woman in White was giken fov the last time. Mr. Wybert Reeve's impersonation of Count Fosoo was nmoli admired, and it met with suitable recognition from the audience. This evening a double bill will be presented, Mr. YVybqrt Reeve appearing as Captain Wragge in No Name, and as Horatio in Cool as a Cucumber. Mr. Wybert Reeve's engagement terminates on Friday next, and on Saturday Mr. George Rignold will reappear in his artistio impersonation of Henry V. D'Arcy Read's Ghost maintains its popu larity at the Athenmnm Hall. Last night the cleverly-managed illusions wore most favorably received, and great curiosity was manifested as to the process by whioh the "ghosts" were produced. The entertain ment will be repeated this evening. At the Academy of Muaio last night, the amusing comedy, Minerva, was given for the last timo,. This evening a new vorsiun of Oliver Twist, which, under the title of Kanoy Sykes, has attracted some attention in London, will bo produced for the first time. British Born was repeated at the Princess's Theatre last night, and proved very success ful It will be presented this evening in conjunction with a sensational melodrama entitled the Warlock of tho Glen. Maobeth was repeated at the Opera Houso lu3t night with the success attending previous representations. It will be given again thiB evening. A meeting to organise a total abstinence society will be held in Carlton Hall at eiclit o'clock to-niphi. Ameetlmrof the provis oual directors of tho Colleo Taverns Company will bu held on Monday, at a quarter- past lour, at the' company's ullices, till Collins-street st. George's Churcli. Malvern, to-morrow, the morning service will be conducted by the llev. U. Strong, and that in the evening by the llev, U. M. Wullaston. The scotch College athletic sports meeting for 1S.S will be held early in December. Entries for the Old Colleifiane' ltace will be received by the hun. tee. up to the 9lh November. Mr. John Whiteman has pnblish-d a very Humor ously elgued requloltion widen has been prevented to him, a-.kmg lus consent to be nominated as a caudl- date for tlie olHce of councillor of Latrohe ward. The comiuilteo of the llev. W. Kelly and J. . O'Jialloy Tesllmutdal will meet on Monday evening, at tight o'clock/in St. Patrick's llall. Tne testimonial will be presonled ou Tuesday evening, at the Town The spring show of tlio Horticultural Society of Victoria will be helu in tlie Town llall, on Thursday, Uie 31st Inst., and Friday, 1-t Nuvrimmr. There will be a large, and creditable display of ru.-cs, and other Sowers, Ac. The steamship Golden Crown erocs, as usual, to morrow to QueeosclllI and borTento. The City risnd will boon board, and render sacred music dutliic the afternoon. Tlio vessel wilt leave the Snndridge Kail- way Pier iit eleven o'clock. \- Cr Meares has received a requisition, numerously and Influential!' signed, requesting him to be re nominated at the approaching election uf a councillor for Latrohe Ward. The requisition appears In another column. ' , „ , „ At tlio Protestant Fall the usual Popular will te contluued to-uighi, and a good programme will" bo given. Several artistes will make their first appearance in the coiuny. Including Master ll.ontlc, who walks the invisible slack rope, and also the tight rope. The report of tlio Ling-in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases uf Women aud children fur the week end- ing 2!tb October is as follows : — 17 patients in hospital, 10 admitted during tho wiek, 10 discharged, 47 re main in hospital ; total number uf out-patieuts fur the week, 147 ; new cases, 28. The "City OrgmnUt will play tho following selec tions this evening, at eight o'o.oek Overture, Le Choral de Bronze, Auber; gavotte 111 G major, Handel ; opera election. La Traviau, Verdi ; grand march, buptiale, Gounod; seiectiun, .Tubal llater, Kossiii dutt, QuIb est Huino ; nria, Pro Peccatie. The usual weekly meeting of the committee uf the Alfred Hospital was held yesterday, Mr. J. Vcrvice, 11 LA, in tbe chair. Tho business was purely of a routine nature. 'Hie secretary re|>orteii that there were 70 patients in tho botuc, as against 78 la-t week. Tlie ordinary number of out patients had been attended to. Yesterday evening the Jlev, Jos. O Malley, S. J., delivered a lecture m the lfotham Town Hall on Tne Wonders C'f Kuturc and Alt. Tile subject was treated In a masterly manner, uml tne audience was evidently well sutl-lled. Thanks to the lecturer were accorded on the motion of Cr. J. Lauruis, M.L.A., and seconded by Cr. Ciarno. Tne chairman was Mr. William Huicbuou, the Mayor of ilutbaiu. Mr'BIokeney, who is retiring from his position in tho Chief dcciotarv's office, on a pension, afior serving for twenty-live ycira, has been presented with a wry handsome writing desk end dressing ease. Tho chief clerk made tho presentation ou behalf of his broilier officers, in a few hind Word", after winch Mr. Biake- ney's health was drunk heartily. ' The flower eh ov of tho Brighton Horticultural Society will, bo hold to-day. In the Artillery Parace erouud, Brighton. Tho entries for ros.s and Vegto tables are vef? numerous. A large marquee has been erected for tne display of vegetables, and will bo lighted with gu during tlie evening. Allan's baud will be In attendance. For the convenience oi dty Visitor! the liobfon's Bay Hallway Company I face tickets at reduced fares. In consequence of tho alterations at present in pro gress at the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, the People's Concerts will be continued for a few weeka in the Town Hall, Fitxroy. under the same management and at the name prices of adml-sion. The prottromrae for this evening's concert Is attractive. Including con juring by- Professor Hennlcke aud Mdlle. Stella, end character Impersonation by, Mr. Edward Glover, the comique who has just arrived from London. The opening of the Loyal Harmony Lodge, No. 98, I.O.O.F., took place at the Carlton Hall en Wednes day evening, Slid instant. Over 100 candidates were enrolled, of which number sixty.two presented them selves for initiation.- The ceremony was peiformeJ by G.M. Bro. W. Judge, assisted by other officers After tlie opening ceremony was completed, the following officers were elected and duly installed, viz For Ji.O. Bro. Geo. Gricef; V.G., Bro. Gen. Greenwood; secretary, Bro. E. B. Porter : treasurer. Bro. Wm. Forder. The Melbourne City Band will perform In tho Fitz- roy Gardens this afternoon, weather permitting. The following is the programme to be plaveil from "naif- past three to hatf- psst five p.m.:— 1. Qui k March, Tlier all Have a Mate bnt Me. Here ; 2. Waliz. Songs of the Wood, Tlnney ; S. Selection. Martha, Flotow ; 4\. Quadrille, Le Palais ds LTnrinstric. r>.<l i s ; 6. Selection Grand Duchess, Offenbach ; 6. Voice, Mes senger of Love, Cootc; 7. Grand Seiecti.-n, Seaside Echoes, Hare: 8. Galop, Uher-atuck und Stein, Faust ; Finale, God Save the Queen. Mr. Matthew Burnett will hold his second maai meeting at Emerald-hill this eventng. Tne proceed ings will commence with a torchlight procession, which will leave the temperance Hall,2?ap!er-etreet, at seven o'clock, and after passing through the prin cipal streeti, will proceed to the Orphanage reserve, where a monster meeting will he held. A', nine o'clock entertainments will be given simultaneously in the Mechanics' Hall and the new Weslcyan school, at which Mr. Burnett will speak alternately, while addresses, recitations and songs will be given by other gentlemen. The usual weekly meeting of tlie committee of man agement of the Immigrants' Aid Society was held ves- tnr.lay at the Military Barracks, St. KSda-road. The state of the house was reported as follows: — Admltied during the work, 87 : di-chareea 34, Ite- moining, 326 men, 147 women, and 132 children ; in all, C95. At the same timo last year there were 298 men, 143 women, and 107 children. 1 here are 124 men, SO women aud 7 children sick ; 3 men stnne- hrcaking; 13 bag making, 177 oakum picking, &c.; and 7 working outside; Ik women In tbe laundry; 16 sewing ; 89 hair-teasing, Ac. The nigbtly average of casuals during the week was 16 males and 3 females. Outdoor relief was given to 12 families, or 49 Indivi duals, on presenting tlie relief cards of tbe society. 