"FOR PERCIYAL/ CHAPTER XXX1V1. WAMTBD, AM OBQAMIST. .. s In ithe later days Percival looked .back to. that Christmas as his worst and darkest time. His pride had grown morbid, and he swore to himself that he woald never give in, that Horace should never know him otherwise thaa selfsufficient, should never think that bat for Mrs. Middleton's or Godfrey Hammond's charity he might have had bis cousin as a pensioner. Brooding on thoughts such as. these, he sauntered moodily beneath the lamps when the ne w year was but two days old. His progress was stopped by a little crowd collected on the pavement. There was a concert, and a string of carriages stretched halfway down the street. Jnst as Percival came np, a girl in white and amber, with flowers in her hair, flitted hurriedly across the path andjup the teps, and stood glancing back, while a fairshaired, faultlessly-dressed young man helped her mother to alight. The father came last, sleek, stoat, and important. The old people went on in front, and the girl followed with her cavalier, looking up at him, and making some bright little speech, ps they vanished into the building. Percival stood and gazed Cor a moment, then turned round and hurried out of the crowd. The grace and freshness and happy beauty of the girl had roused a fierce longing in his heart. He wanted to toacha lady's hand again, to hear the delicate accents of a lady's voice. He remembered how he used to dress himself as that fair-haired young man was dressed, and escort Aunt Harriet and Sissy to FordLorough entertainments, where the best places were always kept for the Brackenhill party. It was doll enough sometimes, yet how he longed for one sach evening now. To band the cups once again at afternoon tea, to talk just a little with some girl on the old terms of equality—the longing was not the less real, and even passionate, that it seemed to Thome himself to be utterly absurd. He mocked at himself as he walked the streets for a couple of hours, and then went back when the concert was juBt over, and the people coming away. He watched till the girl appeared. She looked a little tired, he fancied. As she came oat into the chill night air she drew a soft white cloak around her, and went by 'quite unconscious of the dark young man who stood near the door and followed her with his eyes. The sombre apparition might have startled her bad she noticed it, though Percival was only gazing at the ghost of bis dead life, and, having seen it, disappeared into the shadows once more. , " The night is darkest before the morn." In Percival's case this was true, for the next day brought a new interest' and hope. A letter came from Godfrey Hammond, through which he glanced wearily till he came to a paragraph about the Lisles. Hammond had seen a good deal of them lately. "Their father treated you shamefully," he wrote; "but after all it is harder still on his children." («Good heavens! Does he suppose I have a grudge against tbem ?" said "Percival to himself, and laughed with mingled irritation and amazement.) " Young Lisle wants a situation as organist somewhere, where he might give lessons and.make an ir come so, bat we can't hear of anything suitable. People say t&e; boy is b musical genius, and will do wonders ; but for my part.I doubt it. He may,'however, and in fchat case there will ,be. a line in his biography-to the effect that I ' was'one of the first' to discern,' which may be gratifying' to me in my second childhood." ' Percival laid the letter on the, teble sod looked up with kindling eyes. Only a few minutes' wbHe te>m BeDevaestreet wiaSt.Sylvestej?8,a li^dtejarict^htirch? The building was "a distihgmshed ofcheap ecclesiaeftical work, with stHp^mdother ; pretty patterns iff different coloure d-birtcb," and • varnished dfeal fittiilgs. and patent corrngated devotion "by-means-of; All -that' odald'be texts painted dbnB to <inxed stiHifilate and. blue had been don^ and St.' Silvaster's within 1 and "without .was - <me 'of tUesfe Tdneteentli-r ceht^fitiWheB Wbkih ^ wiU idoubttess- be& studied 1 ^ith'lfiterestraiid^wtHidflr ^ttflfiterartraiidwDofter byth» the- strohi- arohi '• teb«Pa<fSCI^4|ge iMiwy^anrtily eo^triie to stand up till ho jcomes. The incumbent was -High Church aa a matter of coarse, and musical more than as a matter, of course. Percival looked up from his letter with a sudden remembrance) 1 that Mr. Olifton was- advertising for an organist,andon bis way tothe office he stopped to make enquiries at the High- Glmreh bookseller's and to posta line to Hammond. How if s this shbuld suit Bertie Lisle % He tried £nrd not to thirik too much .about itrbut the mere ; possibility ithat the bright young fellow^ with his" day-dreams, his unfinished opera, his pleasant voice, and happilytiioughtless talk, mightcome into his life, gave Percival a new interest in it.. Bertie bad beea« favourite of bis years before, when he -used to go sometimes .to Mr. Lisle'a.. He still thought of bim a^ a little moire than a boy, the bey wbo used to play. to' him- in the twilight, and be had-«ome - trouble-to realiee that Bertie mtut be nearly two^aad-twenty. If he shoild: ceine—but. jnoit likely be;: would not come. I It aeemedA shame even to Wish to ^hat up theiyouj-g musician,with Ids love for- all that'' .was beautiful and bright, in that grimy town. Thorne resolved that he would ntA wish it; but fee opeied Hammond's next lettek with unnsual eagerness. Grodfrey. said they. thought ,it eotmded Well, espewally as when he named Brenthill it appeared that the Lisle* had somfr sort of {acquaintance living there, an old friend of their mother's, be believed, which -naturally gave tliem an interest in the plaoe. Bertie had : written to Mr: Clifton, who would very shortly. be in town, and had made, .an • appointment to meet-him. . r,, . The text news came in a note from Lisle him-. self, j On the first page there was a pen-bnd-ink portrait of the incumbent of St.-Silvester's with a^iimbus, and it was elaborately dated " Festival of St. Hilary." . 1 " It is as good as settled,", was .his triumphan vniiou^cement,." and we are in lucTt^s- way,'for ; Judith thinks'she 1ms beard of' Sometbing- for' J berself too.: Y6a will sbe from - my sketch that I haveihad rriyinterview -with Mr. Clifton.: He < is quite delighted with me—a great jadge of character, that sum 1' He is to write. to one or itwo references I ^ave him. but they are sure to be all iright, for my friends have been so bored, 1 -with lie 2nd my prospects for tfcfe last-few weeks/ that they .would swear to my fitness -for heaven - if it wjjuldonly send me there. .• • I caUier think,, however, that St. Silvester will suit me be^tsrj -far: a jlittle wbile. His reverenoe isgoing to, look me up borne • pupils, apd.I baVe bought a Churchman's JSimfnac, and am~tii!n|$ng about" an oJatorio instead bf my- 'opera, it stmige : Ihact when your lettor canie rentiiill we-ahould remember that an old friend: of my mother^ lived therp ?, Judith and she have been writing to each other ever" since. Cliftoh is evidently undergoing tortures' with the man he has got uow, so I should not woDder if we were at BrentbiU-in a few days—it will be betterjfor mjr thanfe of pupils too. ^ Isball look you up without fail; and «xpe6t yoU ;to know, everyfiiing about; lodgings. Howahout BeHevuestreet? Are you very far frenh St. Sylvesteafs?" ' . -- " . Thcine read the letter carefully, and drew from it two- conhloaions and a perplexity. He concluded t^iat Bertie Lisle's elastic' ^spints bad quickly recovered tbe shock of bls_ father's failure and fligh't," and. thart' he • bad not the faint^idea thrfaiiy property 1 of his—Percival's —had gone doVm in thfe Trretk. So" ranch: the better. - ; His perplexity;; was -7 what - was Miss Lisle ^ipgito 4o?, Could the " we" that were to arrive imply' that die meant to accompany ber brother P And what was thei something she-had heard of for herself? The words hauntedhitn. "Was the ruin so complete that she, too, must face ithe world and earn her own.living?. A sense of cruel wrong stirred in his inmost soul. .. H$ made up^iis mind at last that she wa& coming to. establish Bertie in his. lodgings before she went on her own way. - He offered any help in las power when he &fiswered; the letter; but be added a postscript j • ^Don't think of Bellevue-street—you,would'nt-.Uke. it." He heard no more till one day he came to his early dinner and found a sealed envelope' on his table. It contained a half-sheet of papei-, on which Bertie had scrawled in pendl, " Why did yoa abuse Bellevue-street ? We think it wi'l do. Andjwhy didat you say there: were-rooms in this very house ? We have taken them, s? there is an end of yonr peacefulsolitu.de. Pni goiug to practise for ever and ever. C you don't like it, there's no reason why you shouldn't leave-^ it's a free couni^y, they say." Percival looked rounds the room. She had been there, then; perhaps bad stood where .be was standing. His glance fell on the torquoise blue vase and the artificial flowers, and he co louredas 1 if hewereLydia's aocomdice. Had she seenthose, and the language of Mowers? . As if bis thought bad summoned ber, Lydia herself appeared to lay the cloth for bis dinner. She looked quickly round. "Did you see your note, Mr. Thome ? Thank yoa—yes," said Percival. " ^ supposed it was right to show them in here to write it, wasnt it ?" she asked after a pause. " He se?.d he knew you very well." " Quite right, certainly." "A very pleasant-spoken young gentleman, ain't he?" said Miss Bryant, setting down a salt-cellar. Very," said Percival. " Coming to play the High Church organ, he . tells me," Lydia continued, as if the instrument in question were somehow saturated with ritualism. "Yes. At St. Sylvester's." Lydia looked at him, bat he was gating into the fire. She went oat, cime back with a dish, shook a curl out of the way, and tried again'. " I suppose we're to thank you for reoommending the lodgings, ain't we, Mr. Thorne?I'm sure ma's much obliged to yoa. And I'm glad," this with a ba3bful glance, "that you felt you could. It Seems as if we'd given satisfaction." "Certainly," said PercivaL "But you mustn't thank me in this care, Miss Bryant. I really didn't know what sort of lodgings my friend wanted. Bat of coarse I am glad Mr. Lisle is coming here." " AncL ain't yoa glad Miss Lisle is coming too, Mr. Thome?" said Lydia very archly. Bat she watched bim, lynx-eyed. He uttered no word of suvvrise, but he could not quite control the muscles of his face, and a momentary light leapt into his eyes. " I wasn't aware Miss Lisle was coming," he said, Lydia believed him. "Thafs true," she thought,"butyou're precious glad." And she added sloud," Then the pleasure comes all the more unexpected, don't it?" She looked sideways at Pescival, and lowered her voice, " PVaps Miss Lisle meant a little surprise." Percival returned her glance with a grave scorn which she hardly understood. "My dinner is ready?" he said, "Thank you,HIBS Bryant." And Lydia flounced out of the'room, haif indignant, half sorrowful." "He didn't know—that's true. But she knows what sh after very well—don't tell me!" To Lydia, at that moment, it seemed^s if every girl must be seeking what she sought. -"And I call it very bold of her to- come poking; herself wbere she isnt wanted—running after a young man! v I'd be ashamed!" A longing to scratch Miss LisleV face was mixed with a longing .ijb bave a gold cry. for she was honestly suffering the pangs bf unrequited love. It is true that itwasnot fo? the first tune. The curl, the e&rringsj; the songa, the Language of Mowers^ haddone duty, more than once be£ore,..But wound may .be painful wi&out; bei^ dee^^ltho^gh the 8 fact, of these, former healing? might 'prevent all fear' of any fp.tel ending to' this liiter love.'' Xydia was very unhappy sis she' went! dovnistairs, though - if another item could be -fouud ishe was perhapo^ half coniscious tbstvthe met^Bclfoly part, of' ber, present love-stoiy.might ^e ^nnewhat abridged. ' Thestreeteseemed^tu^edto Cerci^il^ he went back to his worl^ " Their u^i^ was* as bare and as repulsive as ever, but he ufldereto^l now that.the^bouseSimi^rt j^ald his brothe^s r ' ' ' * ~ teiong them t emei^edJfom the aHen^swum had walked 4n iralitado £0^ ' the dtill and miryjways *WSa r grey^blue eyes, anstrtheig' He felt as S * wbilte /do ^town,y^t- he t, for ewhat£eknew 0 s^l ftAiikr i^Wp '^ " .^ss-t & KmSfBik 7 hlsi#ork"ieeiflM^ hi street as be did when it was over. The < jNo. 13 feteod open, and young lAt&Mood; on tha thresb^ld;: There was bo mlsMdng bim« His face had -changed, front the beautiftt chorister type of two or three yeaw earlier, bat Percival though^ him handsomer than erver. HB ceased his soft wliiatling.andbeld out his band, " ThorneC ' ^msSfed'SSyfind time to greet Wm "before he questioned cageriy, "You hajre really taken the rooms here . . . ' \- ^Reilly and truly. What's wrong? Anything against tie landlady ?" "No,"saidPercivaL She's bonetft eno^i, and fairly obl^ing, and all the rest of it. - But then your aster is not coming hem to liiV with you as they told me? ^hat was a mistake?'. .. .here.? " Not • a - bit of it. She'fi ' •. cominE—in \- . . fact, • she's "£n BeUevue-Btreet ?" Percival loo)&Qd; up and down thediesxy thoroughfare. " But, I^sig, what aplace tobring her tol"- " • "Beggars be choosers,"^said Beriie. ft !We are not - exactly what you call iplEng m :'ricbea just now. ^jod Bdlevue-street bawan* to be about midway between St. -Sylyester^ Standon-square, soit wiU suit-us bsmi^' x - . Standon- square ?" Percival repeated. - .. " Yes.; Oh didn't I tell yoa? My mpther came to scbool at BrenthiUr lt. WM ber old sehoolmistrees-we remembered lived here' when ; we bad your letter. - So we_ wrote to Jiier, add tbe old dear not .only promised me.») me pupils, , but it is settled that Judith is to gorthere and teach every day. Judith'thinks we ought to stick to one another—we two." _ \- " You're a lucky fellow," said , PercivaL ''Yoa don'tinow,and won't know what loneliness is here.^' - '.... '. , " But bow do you come. to know anything t' about it ? That:* what I can't understand. . I thought your grandfather died last summer ?" " ."So lie did." " -':"' ' "••••' ' •' ' - "' ; ' :«But I thought you. were i to come in for no jend of money?" ^ . \ " I didn't, you see." ' '." ; "But surely be always alloWed you a lot7' said Lisle, still unsatisfied, f You never ^ised - . to talk of doing anything." - " No, but I.find I must, ^ The fact is, Fm not on- the -best terms with my i»uiih- at' Brackenbill, and I made.up my nnnd tbjbe independent. Consequently I'm a Clerk—a Copying \3frk, yoa :"Pm very .sorry," said Bertie.. Hammond ImOws "all abotrtr it," the Other went on, "but-nobody.else does." . ^ was afraid there was romething Wrong," . said .Eertie; " wrong for you, I mean.. : From-. our point of new, it is very lucky that circumstances have-sent you bjere. .Eav'I hope' your ' •prospsfcts may" brighten-^-rnot direct^', X can't. - manage to hope thatr, but sbon.'' : -Percivalimiledi • Meahwhife, he-said,-with i a quiet earnestness of t tone, " if B there is anything X ^ndotobap y ou or MiSs Iasie, ybu' - will let me doit?" . ' '•'- " ' ' ^Certainly^ said -Bertie. "We are going out to look! for a grocer. Suppose you come .fad snow'idloSfc*' ' ~ , " ^ - - < • . ^Tm very much - at 1 your service. v What are vyou!cDKinfeat?" - /y^wi-:. r.y '• W^iy—you'll' pardon my mentioning it—you - • •; iave got the biggest Smut on .'ybtir left clfeek -. that rvc seen since -I Cariie h€jre. f -They) attain to . a remarkable size in Erfenthill, mv^a you noticed?" Bertie spoke with eager interesti/as if he had become quite "a conhoissenr iu--«sints. " Yesi that's it. m iook Judith up, and tell her you are gwng with us'." ' ••- -• '• .; Perpival fled. upstairs, more : discomposed by: that unlucky" 0 bfewjk than he would-havfe thought: . pouiljle. When ,be bad made sure that • he was > tolerably presentable he waited by his ^open doortill his fellow-lodgers «^ipeared, and then sfcepped ofit on the landing -to toeettbem.' Miss e; dressed very sinqily in black; stood <drawingon her glove. A smile -dawhed on her face whitn her seyes met Percival V jttid,-igreeting bim m ber low distinct tone8,;sbe held out ber • white right hand, 'still tmglOvedL He 1 took it - with i reverence, for Judith Lisle • bad- once toubhed his faintdreeon of a woman, Who should r be brave with sweet" heroism, tender, and true. They had scarcely exchanged a dozen words in their"lives,but he had said to himself, "If I were an artist I woQld pfitt -myriflB&i; Trith a 'face l:ke that," and the memory, with its underlying pestry, sprang to -life again as his glance encoun'ered hen. ' Percival felt the vague pc;-m, though Bertie was at hiselbow,chattering about shops, and though he Mniself hfid hardly got over the intolerable remembrance of, that smut. - • - . ' " j i. -'t ' When they were in the street Miss Lisle looked eagerly about her, and asked as they turned a corner, "Will this be oar way to St. Sylvester's ?" " Yes. I suppose Bertie will make his dibut next' Sunday ? . X must come and hear him." " Of course yoa must," said Lisle. " Where do ybu generally go?" > " Well, for a walk, generally. Sometimes itends in some putlying church, sometimes not." " Oh, but it's your duty to attend yoar parish, church when I play there. X suppose St. Sylvester's is your parish church ?" " Not a bit of it. St. Andrew's occupies that proud position. I've been there three times, I think." " And what sort of a place is that?" said Miss Lisle. "The dreariest, dustiest, emptiest place imaginable," Percival answered, turning quickly towards her. " There's an old clergyman, without a tooth in his head, who mumbles, something which the congregation seem to take for granted is tbe service. Perhaps he means it for that. I don't know." He's the curate, T think; come to help the rector, who is getting just a little psst hi8 work. I don't remember that I , ever srw the rector." " But does anjr one go?" "Well, there's the clerk," said Percival, thoughtfully; "and there's a weekly dole of bread left to fourteen poor men «nd fourteen pepr women of the parish. They must be of gcod character, and above the age of sixty-five., It is given away, after the afternoon service. When I hare been there there has always been a congregation of thirty, without reckoning the clergyman." He paused in his walk. " Didn't you wast a grocer, Miss Lisle? I don't do much of my shopping, but l believe this place is as good as any.'' Judith went in, and tbe two yoang men. waited outside. In something less than half a minute Lisle showed signs of impatience. He inspected the grocer's stock of goods through the window,'and extended his ejeaminataon to a. toy-shop beyond, where he seemed- particularly ' interested in a small and curly lsmb, which stood. . in a pasture of green. paint, and possessed- an underground squeik or baa. finally he returnecj to Thorne. "You" like waiting, dont you ?',' be said. e's "I don't mind it.* "And! do. Thafs just the difference. Is there a stationer's bandy?" "At the end of the street, the first turning to the left." . "I want some music-paper; I eaa' get it ' before Judith has done ordenng in ber sopplies - if I goat onoe." - !-..-.• "Gotben; you«piS vam it. r41.wait here, for Miss Lisle, and we31 come and^meet joa if . . t you're-notba«i. , 'r ' .- ... - • When Judithcarne out ehg'loolceA r^and in ' some surjprise. ' " What hiM becoifc^'Eertie, Mr.Thorne?" ' j ok 6r-r "Gorie the (ixwksaiei^» j^d iEettAvaU , , "shall are walkos ahd^in^Stl^fiB^ • Lj. ; , • - Thfey.rSv^ttt plushy street J^ wayfarers tm^^M'gg^j^^jiff .' ' 9 ofttescenarf . ! "r Mri- ThOtitte," (tH , BHstvflP'^ S£f; u IvilT n^iai m tendes Bertie's talk," she went on. " Once— Biz or seven yean ago—I raw your father. He come inone evening about some badness, I ihink, and Z still remember the very tone in which he talked of you. I was only a schoolgirl then, but I could not help understanding something of what yon were to him." ** He was too good to ine," ssid Percival, and his heart was very falL Those. bygone jCkty * with his father, which had drifted sofarWto the past, seemed suddenly brought sear by Judiths words, and he felt the warmth of the old tendency onbe more. "Sol was very glad to find yon here," she said. "For Bertie's sake, not for yours. Iam eo grieved that yon should have been so unfortunate." She looked up at him with eyes which questioned, and wondered, and doubted all at once. Bnt : a email-girl, staring at the shopwindows, drove a perambulator straight at PerdvaTs legs. "With a' laughhe stepped into the roadway to escape theperil, and came bade. " Dont grieve about me, Hiss IMe. It eonldntbe nelped, and X have no right to complain." These _were his spoken words; Ids unspoken thopght was that it served him right Xor teingerich a fool as to trust her father. " It's worse for you, I think, and harder," he went on; " and if you are eo brave——" "It's for Bertie if lam," die said quickly; " if s very hard on him; We have spoilt him, I'm afraid, and now he will fed it terribly. For people cannot be the same to us—how should they, Mr. Thome ? Some of our friends have been very good; no one could be kinder than Miss Crawford—but it's a dreadful change for Bertie. And I have been afraid of what he would do if he went where he bad no companions. A sister is so helpless. So I was very -th&nkfnl; when your letter came. But I am sorry for yon, Mr. Thome. He told me just now " "But aa that cant be hdped," said Percival, "be glad for my sake too. X have been very lonely." She looked no at him and smiled. "He insisted on going io SeUevue-strofct the first tiling this morning, die said. "I don't think any Other lodgings would have suited him." " But they are not good enough for you." " Oh yes, they are, and near Standon- square, too; I wall only have seven or etoit minutes' walk to my work. X should not nave liked— oh, here he is! Bertie, this iscool of you, deserting me in this fashionP® " Why, of course yon mete all right with Thome, and be asked me to let him help me in any way be could. X like to take a man at his word." "By all means take me at mine," said Per- • cfaL "Help you!" said Judith to bar brother. " Am I each a terrible harden, then?" \- No," Thane exclaimed; " Bertie is a clever follow : he lets me share his privileges first ihat I mayn't bade out of sharing any troubles •late." . " Are you j niqgto save him trouble by making his pretty speeches for him, too 7° Judith enquired with a smile. " You are Indeed a friend in need 1" , . They had turned back, and wore walking towards Bellevue-street. As they went into Wo. 13 they encountered Miss Bryant in the passage. Sheglaacedkftily at Miss Lisle as she swept by. l>at she turned and fixed a lode of reproachful tenderness on Percival Thome. He brew that he was gniltlceH in the -matter, and yet in Judith's presence he felt guilty and humiKaied beneath XfftiiaV ostentatiously mounful gaee. The idea that she worfd probably be jealous of Bliss Lisle flashed into his mind to bis utter disgust-end dismay. Hie turned into his own zoom, and flung himself into a chair, only to find a few minutes later that he was staring blankly at Lydia's blue vase. But for the Lisles, he might almost have been driven from Bellevue- *treetby its mere presence on the table. It was {Manning to haunt, him, it mingled in his dreams, and he b»d~drawn its hideous dope, absently, on thejedge of hb| blotting-paper. Let him be where he might, it lay, a lightblue burden, on his. mind. It was not the van only, but he felt that it implied Lydia herself, smile, curl, torquoise earrings and all, and, on , evening of his meeting with Judith Lhfe,tbe thought was doubly hateful. 