A latter-nf-Fact Homance. BV CHABLES BEADB. It was no use dping things by nalves; so Dr. Alder cave Alfred a delightful set of toodib ; and made the Hall pleasant to him. He was re warded by a growing conviction that he had made an ex cellent acquisition. This opinioD, however, was anything but uoirersal ; and Alfred' finding the menof UiBowncolIece susnccted his sanity, and .passed jokes behind Sis back, cut them all dead, and confined himself to his little Hall. Here they petted him, and crowed about him, and betted on him for the schools as freely as if he was a colt the Hall was going to enter for the Derby. Ho read hard, and judiciously, but without his old confidence; he became anxious and doubtful; lie bad eeen so many first-rate men just miss a first class. The brilliant creature analysed all his Aristotelian treatises, and wrote the synopses clear ?with marginal references on great pasteboard cards three feet by two, and so kept the whole subject before Mb eye, till he obtained a singular mastery. Same system with the historians ; nor did he dis dain the use of coloured inks. Then the brilliant creature drew lists oE all the hard words he en countered in his reading, especially in the common Tjooks, and read these lists till mastered. The stake ?was singularly heavy in liiscase, so lie guarded every crevice. ' And at this period be was not so unhappy us he ex]KCted. The laborious days wont swiftly, find twice a week at least came a Jetter from Julia. Oh how his gravo academic room with oaken panels did brighten, when her letter lay on the table. It wns opened, find seemed written with sunbeams. No quarrels on paper ! Absence made the heart grow fonder. And Edward came to see him, and over their wine let out a feminine trait in Julia. ? Wben Hurd calls she walks out of the room, j ust as my poor mother docs wlien you come. TJiat is spite ; siuce you are sent awny nobody else is to prolit by it. Where is her Cliristnnity, cb ? mid echo answers— Got a cif-ar, old fellow?' And after pufliug in silence awhile,he said resignedly, ' 1 am an unnatural monster.' ' Oh. nre you P' said the other, serenly, for he was also under the benign influence. ' Yes.'said Edward, ' 1 am your ally, and a mere spy in the camp of those two'iadies. i watch all their moves for your sake.' Alfred forgo re him. And thus liis whole life was changed, and for nearly twelve months (for Dr. Alder Jet him reside in the JIall through the va cation) he pursued the quiet tenor of a student's life, interrupted at times by law ; but that iB another tophic. Wife axi- no With. Mrs. Dodd was visibly shaken by that calamity ?which made her shrink with horror from the sight of Alfred liarilie. In the wiDter slie was so unwell that she gave up her duties with Messrs. Cross and Co. Her connection with them had been creditable to both parties. I believe 1 forgot to say why they trusted her so; well, I must tell it elsewhere. David off her hands she was independent, aud had lost the motive and the heart for severe work. She told the partners she could no longer do them justice, and left them to their regret. They then advised her to set up as a milliner, and offered her credit for goods at cash prices, up to two thousand pounds ; she thanked them like a sorrowful queen, aud went her way. Jn the spring she recovered some spirit and health ; hut at midsummer a great and subtle mis fortune befel her. Her mind was bent on David night and day, and used to struggle to evade the law? of Bpace thnthind its grosser companion, and Hod Jier Josthiisuandoti the sea. She often dreamt of him, but vaguoly. But one fatal night she had a dream a clear as daylight, and sharp as white pebbles in the suu. She was on a large ship with guns ; she saw men bring a dead sailor up the side ; she saw all their faces and the dead mau's too. It was David. His face was white. A clenr voice said lie was to bo buried in tha deep next morning. JSIiesan-tbe deck at nor feet, tlie breeches of tba guns, so clear, so defined, that when she awoke, and found herself in the dark, she thought reality wn? the illusion. Shotold the dream to Julia and Edward. Tboy tried to encourage her, in vain. 'I saw him,' she said, ' 1 saw him ; it was a vision, not dreum ; my David is dead. Well, then, 1 shall Dot be long behind him.' Dr. Sampson ridiculed her dream to her faco. JSu't to her children he told another Btory. ' 1 am anxious about her,' he said, ' most anxious. There is no mortal ill the distempered brain way not cause. Is it not devilish we can hear nothing of lini ? She will fret herself into the ftrare, as sure tie fate, if something does not turn up.' Her children could not console her; they tried, but something hung round their own hearts, and chilled every effort. In a word they shared her fears. How came she to see him on board a ship with guns? In her waking hours she always said he was on a merchant ship. Was it not one of those visions, which come to mortals and give them sometimes « peep into Space and, far more rarely, glance into Time ? One day in the autumn, Alfred, being in town oa law business, met what seemed the ghost of Mrs. Dodd in the streets. She saw him not ; her eye was on that ghastly face slio had seen in her dreams. It flashed through his mind that she would not live long to part him and Julia, But he discouraged the ungenerous thought ; almost forgave her re pugnance tohimeelf, and felt it would be worse than useless to ask Julia to leave her mother, who Wns leaving her visibly. Cut her horror of him was anything but softened ; and she used to tell Dr. Sampson she thought the sight of that man would kill her now. Edward himself began to hope Alfred would turn his affec tions elsewhere. The house in Pombroke-street was truly tho house of mourning now ; all tkeircalami ties were light compared with this. Tnr. Distihct Visiron. While Julia was writing letters to keep up Alfred's heart, she was very sad herself. Moreover he had left her for Oxford but a very few days, when she received an anonymous letter ; her first. It was written in a female hand, and couched in friendly aud sympathetic terms. The writer thought itonly fair to warn her that Jlr. Alfred ifardie was passionately fond of a lady in the asylum, and had offered her inarringe. If if isn Dodd wished to be deceived, let her bum this loiter and think no more of it; if not, let her insert thisadvertisement in The. Timet : ' The whole Truth.— L.U.,' and her cor respondent would communicate particulars by word or writing. What a barbed and poisoned arrow is to the body, was this letter to Julia's mind. Then came nu impetuous impulse to send it down to Alfred, and request him to transfer the other half of his ♦jeart to tne lady of tho asylum. Then she paused; and remembered bow much unjust suspicion and .been levelled at him already. What right had she to insult' him ? ' Site would try and keep the letter to herself. As to acting upon it, her good sense speedily suggested it rnnie from the rival in question, real or supposed. '.She wnnt'sto make use of jno ?' said Julia ; ' it is plain Alfred does not care much for her ; or why does she come to me P She put the letter in her desk, and it rankled in her heart. Hsoretlateri lethalisarundo. She trembled itberself ; she felt a savage passion had been touched in her. She prayed day and night against Jealousy. Hut 1 must now, to justify my bending, skip gome months, and relate a remarkable incident that befel her in the said character. On the first of August in this year, a good Christian wmion, one of her patients, asked her to call on Mr. Barkington, that lodged above. ' He is a decent bod)-, Miss, tnd between you and me, I think bis complaint is, he don't pet quite enough to eat.' ' JJarkington !' said Julia, and put her band to ter Iwsom, She -went and tapped at his door. ' Come in,' said a shrillish voice. She entered, and foana a xrwzeaed old man seated, mending bis own coat. He rose, and she told Jiim she was a district visitor. He said be had heard of her ; they called her the beautiful lady in that court. This was news to her, and made lier blush. She asked leave to read a chanter to him ; he listened ns to some gentle memory of childhood. Sbe prescribed him a glass of port wine, and dispensed it on the instant. Thus physicked, her patient became communicative, and chattered on about his native place— but did not name it— and talked about the people there. Now our district visitor was, if the truth must be told, a compounder. She would jwrmit her pupils to talk about earthly affairs, on condition they would listen to heavenly ones before she went. So she let this old man run ira, and he told her he had been a banker's clerk all his life, and saved a thou sand pounds, «od come up to London tc make his fortune on the Stock Exchange; snd there he was sometimes a bull, and sometimes a bear, and whichever he was, certain foxes called brokers and jobbers got the profit and he the loss. 'ftsaU tie same 88 a gambling table,' eaid lie. 'The ionbersand brokers have got the same odds Hie bank has^t 8ouge et Koir, and the little capitalist like me is doomed beforehand.' Then be tola her that he that there was a crossing-weeper near the Erchsoge who came from bis native place, ana had started as a speculator, and come down to that, only be called it riBiog, and used to epeal with a ahudner of when h.6 used to dabble in tin funds, and often told him to look sharp, aud get a crossing. And lo ! imc 'lay when he was cleaned out, and desperate, n. hovering with the other ghosts of littlti capitai.:is about the tomb of their money, he saw his countryman fall Hat, and the broom fly out of his haua. Instantly lie made a rush, and so did a wooden-legged sailor ; but he got first to the broom, and began to sweep while others picked up his countryman/ who proved dead as a herring; aud lie succeeded to his broom, and it made money by the KxclWQge, though he never could ; still, one day be picked w a pocket-book in that neighbourhood, with a luMP of money, which he straightway advertised in— dV newspapers. And now, Julia thought it time to interpose the eighth commandment, the golden rule, and such branches of learning. lie became a favourite of hers : be had so much to say ; she even tboitglit she imd seen Iris face be fore : but she could not toll where. She gave him good books and tracts; and read to him, und ploughed bis heart with her sweet voice, and sowed the good seed in ths- furrows— seed which, like wont or other grain, often seems to fall flat and die, but coiueB out pro™ after many days. One Saturday she invited him to dine with the servants next day. He came during church time, and went awny in the afternoon while she was with her mother. But xbeasked Sarah, who proved engerto talk about him. ' He was a rum customer; kcpaskingquestionsalldinuer-timc. ' Well/says), '3'ouVa good company, you are ; be you a lawyer; for you examines us; butyou don't tell us nothing; ye see, Miss, Jane she is that simple, she was tell ing him everything, and about Mr. Alfred's lawsuit with his father and all.' Julia said that was indiscreet; but after all what did it matter ? ' Who knows, Miss ?' Sarah replied : ' least said is soonest mended. If you please. Miss, who is lie? Where does ue hide r1 ll'here does lie come from? Does he know Hardies r' ' 1 should think iiot. Why ?' 'Because I'm much mistaken if he doesn't.' Then putting on a stolid look, she asked, 'Does lie know your papa.-' ? Oh uo, Sarah. How should liu ?' 'There now,' said Sarah: 'Miss, you oto all in the dark about this old innu : I'll tell you some thing ; 1 took him out of the way of Jane's temper when she began a dishing up, aud I bad him into the pnrinur a minute ; aud in course there he sees the picture of your poor papa hunt; up. Mi.0?, if you'll believe hin, ttiu muweut ho claps eyes ou that there picture, he lialloea out, and out goes his two hnuds like this here. 'It's him!' sttyu he; ' it's him 1' und stare h at the picture like a stuck pig. Forgot 1 was close lieliind him, 1 do believe. 'She's hia daughter,' says he, in a whisper, a curi ous whisper; seerr.edto coineout of his stomach. ' What's the matter now ?' says 1, jiiet so. He gave a great start, as if my speaking hud wakened him from a dream, and, says he, ' .\othinp,' as quint as alamb. ' .Nothing isn't much,' soysl. just so. 'It usedn't to bu anything at all wlieu i wns your age,' says he, sneerin. But 1 paid him in good coin ; says 1 ' Old man. where you comes from do the folks use to start aud hallo out and cry ' It's him ! shos bis daughter!' aud (ling their two arms abroad like a windmill in March, aud all for— nothing ?' So at that he changed as white as my smock, and fell nil of » tremble. However, at dinner he perks up, aud drew tbat poor simple ?lane out a good onu. iiut he didn't look towards mo much, which I set opposite to watch my lord.' ' Sainh,' said Julia, ' this is really curious, mys cerions; you «re a good, watchful, faithful girl ; and, to tell the truth, 1 sometimes fancy 1 have gesn Mr. Jtarjtington's face; however, I will solve this little mystery to-morrow ; for 1 will ask him ; thank you, .Sarah.' On Monday she called on Mr. Barkington to solve the mystery. But, instead of coking, her visit thickened it ; for Mr. Jlnrkingtoii was gone bag and baggage. When Edward was told of this business, bethought it remarkable, and regretted be had not seen the old man. So do I ; for it is my belief Edward would have recognised him. David Dobd. The history of a man is the history of his mind. Anfl that is why you have heard solilileof late about tho ajuipjest, noblest and most unfortunate of all lny parsonages. Insanity is as various us ec centricity-: tthavfc spared the Idud- hearted reader some of David's vagaries; however, when wo parted with him, he had settled into that strange phase of lunacy, iu which the distant past seems uoarly obliterated, and memory exists, but revolves in a narrow round of things present ; this was ac cinipnnied with a positive illsuion, to wit, a fixed idea that he was able seaman ;and, as usual, what mental power he retained came out strongest in support of this idea. All this -was marked by a bodily agility somowhat more than natural in a man of his age. Owing to the mind astern, he wns enabled to run into Portsmouth before the steain tug en me up with him ; and he did run into port, not because he feared pursuit, hut because he was desperately hungry ; aud lie dad uo suicidal ten dencies whatever. 