COLONEL DERRINGER'S LUCK. You were talkin' of strokes o' luck, stranger and how they often come jest when yon don't look for 'em. I'll tell you another fact to add to that air- they most allus come from where you don't look for 'em, neither ! Seems to me, Alister, as luck is some wray like gold-diggin' -you put inter a spot whar thar oughter be seven ounces to the pan, and you find nary grain ; and then, again, yon think thc hull gulch is kinder played out, and all you kin dew is to leave-when, all to once, kor-chunk ! out roll the nuggets inter yer hands, jest like peas from a pod. Them s my ideas, and I know what I'm sayin', you bet! for the biggest streak of luck as ever I struck kim jest that air way. And this was bow it kim out, if you keer to hear it : Mayhap you've beern tell of a location called "Jeffcott' Pan," way down in Nevada, whar one o' them Utile rivers that come down from the Sierra spreads itself out inter a broad shallow reach, with a sort o' palmetto jungle on each side. It got its name fust from a chum o' mine, Sam Jeffcott, of Denver, who was down thar prospectin' for a likely spot-for he was a reg'lar Gambusino (gold finder). Wal, he rode on ahead of his party, and happened upon this byar snot, and the minute he clapped eyes on it, he Knew it for a hand os 'twar safe to bet on, and concluded to SK thar. But jest then some darned thierin' Dog-Injuns, who war loafin' around, kim along, and went for him straight ; so he put for a cave in the rocks, whar only one could pass at a time, and thar he kep' door- way with his six-shooter all through till sundown, when his party kim up and stampeded 'em. Rather gritty of old Sam, warn t it ? Wah when the news of that find fust got about, the boys all kim around like flies on to a molasses-jar ; for they knew that old Sam war bound to strike pay gravel wharcver he chipped in ; and for a month or two the hull fiat was as busy as a buskin'. And thar was Borne big piles made in them fust days, you bet ! Seth Garratt of Carson fetched up seventeen hundred dollars' worth at one heft, and lost it all at euchre thc same night to a Portigee from Sacramento. Bat alter thc fust rush the find got smaller and poorer, and the boys began to calc'latc that the spot war played out, and that it war 'bout time to leave. And so they did-the null kit on 'em. Now, jest about this time, thor war a gong of Chinees a-loafin' about, who'd come down | from Frisco, and war snuffin' around all the old gulches that hod been given up as bad ; arter a bit, when the boys had nil cleard out, they kim to Jeffcott's Pan, and squatted thar. They did nobody a cent o' harm, barrio' bein' the greatest liars and cowards in creation (and o' course they can't help that, poor critters, seem' it's their nater') but for all that they got into a very close place afore long. For a Chinese down West is like a flyin' fish at sea-thar's somebody reachin' for lum, let him do what he will ; and the boys thar war rather a rough lot-'specially them from gunk's Misery and Dead Dog Hole ; and they made it kind r rough for them poor baythens, so they did. At fust they only played fun on 'em, aitch as pepperin' 'cm with lumps o' quarti, or tyin' em together by the pigtails, and setting dogs at 'cm ; but when the yaller skins didn t taite the hint, and clear out, some of thc roughest 'uns swore they warn't a-goin' to have a lol o' Chinee skunks sncakin' round, lookin' for gold whar they couldn't find none ; and they touched hands all round that they'd go up to the Chinee camp, and jest make a clean sweep o' the hull consam. Now jest about this time it happened that me and Sam Jeffcott, and about a dozen more, proBpcctin' round agin, thinking' that even if the ron war played out, there might be other bits as good some where about. And, sure enough, we struck gold a little higher up the stream ; and then Sam (who was right smart mau for seora' a chance) heercd o' this Chinee lot, and concluded, os they seemed down on their luck, to buy 'em all up cheap, and set 'em a-diggin' for him ; for he knowed his only chanco war to clean out thc place afore news on't got around, and tbe hull settlement crowded in and spiled it. So down he goes into the Chinee camp, to have a palaver with them, and see how they felt 'bout workin' a spell for him. Thc yallcr-faces seemed friendly enough, but they all looked glum as a fog when they hcerd whar the location war, sayin' 'twar a sight too near Skunk's Misery ; and then the hull story kim out-how the boys hod warned 'cm to make tracks, and sworn to sweep 'em clean if they didn't ; and that they had no peace for 'cm and dam't call their souls their own. When Sam hcerd that, he looked as black os thunder, and says to me, " I ain't a-goin to have nary skunk a-spilin' my game, not if he brought ten thousand more behind him. Jim, will you stand by me ?" I said I would, and the rest all said they would ; and we war jist talkiu' over the job, I when, aU to once, in rushes a Chinee all on ! eend, as if the Injuns were »'ter him, yeUin' " Man come ! man como !" That they war, sure 'nuff-a good twenty- j five on 'em, which was long odds agin' our j fourteen ; for as to gettin' any outer them Chinees, you might as well expect a prairie dog to stand up to a grizzly b'ar. However, we got one breeze o' luck to start with there warn't nary rifle among 'em, and not many six-shootere neither ; for 'spectin' to find nothiu' but Chinees, they thought their picks and bowies war 'nuff to make a clean sweep o' the hull lot. When they seen us thar, they looked consi i dcrable streaked ; for they didn t calc'latc on a new hand in the game. But Sam gave 'em no I time to think, but began on 'em at once ; for he used allus to say that when you see a feller comin' for you straight, there's nothing like meetin' him half way. The foremost o' the Îraug were big Joe Harris and Calaveras, whom knowed right out for a bad 'um ; and as he kim stridin' along, aa if he'd tread us all down like grass, Sam steps out into the middle o's thc dearin' to meet him, and says : "Gon'l'men, air you a-comin to visit any ' one here ? I calculate you don't know os this is our location, and your names ain't down in our census, nohow you kin fix it !" "Wal," Bays Joe Harris, "I guess we're a-goin' to clear out them Chinese skunks, thct's com sneakin' round our camp ; and we lncon dearin' 'cm out you bet !" " Wal," says Sam, quite cool, " I guess them Chinees arc my workmen ; and whoever touches 'cm's got to talk to me fust." I'd got my Derringer ready cocked in my jacket-pocket (I'm pretty smart with it, you bet ! Aud thet's why they call me " Cunule Derringer") ; and thc minuit I hecrd that, I knowed 'twar time to begin. Joe swore uu oath as big as a pumpkin, and went fur Sam with his bowie ; but afore be could Btrikc, I bred through the linin' o' my pocket, and throwed him plump in his tracks. Sam plugged another thc next miunit, and then the skrimiiiagc began in earnest. A mad business it war, as ever I Boen-no order or sense-but jest every man puttin' his knife into thc fust thin as kim nigh him. We tired off our revolvers in too great a hurry, considcrin' thar warn't time toload agin ; and so it kim hand to hand, and the odds bein' agio' us, wc war fast goin' inter thc back settlements, when, all at once, crash ? smash 1 down kim a shower o' great lumps o' quartz, jist os if they fell from heaven, nockin' over the Skunk's Misery boys right and kit. While we war huey rubbm' each other out, I the Chinese gang had fetched a compass behind the bushes, and so took the enemy in rear. Thar war at least fifty on em, all peltiu' away like a 'lection down South ; and with them behind, and us in front, Harris' lot began to find themselves in rather a close place. So then Sam Jeffcott Bteps forrad, and sings out, " Throw down yer knives, or you're every man a gone coon!" Down went the toothpicks, ana the Chinese picked 'em up. Then Sam goes on : " Now, jest make tracks out o' this, and don't come bock no more, or you'll get yer saree hotter'n Írou like ! Me and my [lardner's took this byar ocation, and I'll have fifty more men on't it in a week's time ; so you'd best leave !" This was rather tall talk, I swar ; for, to save his lifo, Sam couldn't ha' put a man on thc ground barrin' them that war already; and one of them war dead and another vutty nigh it. But the boys swattered every word on't, and war only too glad to git away, carryiu' their killed and wounded 'long with 'em. And when the fun war all over, an old whizened heathen, with a pigtail like a tow- rope, who seemed to be the boss of the gang, got np and thanked Sam and me in the very tallest kind o' speech, and vowed that we war the greatest fighters in the world, swift os the wind, and terrible as the hghtning-jost like a Fourth o' July o-ration ; and he said, if ever he or his people could do anything for us, done it should be, and no mistake. I only larfed at all his parly-veoin', thinkin' that all he could do for us wouldn't £11 the bag much : but I warn't quite right thor neither, as you'll see presently. And now, for a bit, everything went fust chop. We parcelled out the yaUer- skins into gongs, and put one of our boys over each, ss overseer ; and I tell ye, we did get a right smart chance o' work outer 'em, you bet! They warn't our match for strength, of ooaree, as how should they be, fed on scraps and shavings, as 'most all of 'em air ? but I can tell ye they keep up a good long Bpell when they are at it, and cost next to nothin' for their keep. Why, that 'Frisco railway-track of oura war 'most all done by Chinese gongs, I and that war how we done it so cheap, j Many a time did Sam Jeffcott and I, arter we'd got through with our own work (for we j worked like wood-choppers our own Belves, ¡ lot alone overlookin' the rest) come and stand over tho yaller-faccs as they worked, and we'd come ont with a bit of a Bong that Sam j had brought with him from Sacramento (they tell me now it's in a book thet's a runniu' all over thc States)- 1 " Then I looked up at Nye, ! And he gazed upon me, And he rose with s High. And ht Bald, Con this be ? We are ruined by Chinese cheap labour ; \ And he went for that heathen Chinee." I The work they had jist suited our Chineses. We took the pickin' and shovellin', and I breakin' o' stones, and aitch-for they hadn't pith enough for that ; but the pan-woshin' ; war thc very thing for em, and they stuck at1 from meroin' till night, spoonin' and shakin' ' and dribbUn' away. And I can tell ye, they fetched up a right smart lot o' the stuff, jist at fust ; for this war one o' them spots war it { all lies on the surface, and you've nothin' to do but jist to skim it like cream. As to the Skunk's Misery boys, they never troubled ns no more arter the whippin' we giv' 'em ; and so, for a goodish bit, we felt as good as a hungry nigger over a dish o' hog and hominy. So, as I said, wc went on for a spell, skim- ming it like cream ; but thc worst o' that is, thet if ye skim long enough, the cream's bound to peter out, and leave yer nothin' but skim milk to go au with. Ana jest so it war with us. One day our Chinese fotched up nary grain o' gold, and I shook my bead. The next day they fetched up nary grain agin, and Sam he shook his head. The third 'twar jest the same story, and we both Bhook our heads. So Sam colls up all the boys we'd been overseein', and soys to 'em : "Boys, it feels to mo as if this byar comp war putty nigh played out ; and what I should do if I war by myself 'ud be to pay off them yaller-skisB of our n, and let 'em go war they like, and then just pack up the dust, and make tracks for a new location. That's how I feel. How does it strike you f" Wal, the boys all said it war jest their idee, and that they froze to their cop'n, let him go whar he would ; and the sooner we made tracks the better. So we mustered our yaller faces, and poid 'em off to the lost ; and then we found that their boss man, the old boy with the cverlostin' pigtail, war nowhar to bc found. "Thet's a pity," says Sam, "for he was a willin' hand, though I didn't quite sweller all that tall talk o' his'n about doin' aitch great things for us. However, he's sure to jine the gong agin somewhar, so I guess we'll jest give them his money to take care on." Wal, off went thc Chinese, the hull kit on 'cm ; and we that stayed behind fell to cipherin' up our take, and sharin' it out all round. Sam and I bed jost hod our supper and our nip o' whisky, and war talkin' over our pipes 'bout whar we should go next, when up gets somethin' beside us like a ' ghost. I war jest a-goin' to let strip at it with my six-shooter, when Sam slugs out, " Hold hard, Jim-blest if 'tain't old Long tail kim bock agin." So it war, sure 'nuff; and we war glad to see him, for it looked well his freezin to us this way, 'stead of skedoddlin' with the rest. So, afore we'd let him open his head to soy a word, we giv' him a good blow-out with what war left o' the supper, and then we began jawin' at him for missin' pay-day ; and Sam war jest as tellin' liim that he shouldn't lose by it, for we'd moke it up to him somehow when the old boy holds up his hand and stops him short. " No talkee about that, master-that little Çidgcou" (business); "no matter make, ou no sabbce where mc come from. What j you thinkee this, ch?" He held out something in his long yellow claw that sparkled in the firelight fit to put your eyes out. Sam looked at it-gi'n a kind o' half-woop, chokin' it down as it came out -and theu pulled a nugget outer his pouch, and held it close te the thing the Chinee had handed him. "WaL your child whips mine all to fits," says he, " thar ain't no deuyiu' it ; so, if you've got auy more o' them curio's in the shop, trot 'em out, and I'll make a bid for the hull lot." Thc old Chinee ouly grinned till he showed all bis black teeth at once, and brought out a couple more as good as the first. Sam looked st em' both alongside o' his'n, and then skipped his bond on bis thigh, and larfed loud enough to shake thc leaves off the trees. . " Wall," says he, " if this dou't whip creation, I'm a Dutchman ! I won't play no more, old feller-I'm fairly euchred this turn. Wash yer mouth out with a nip o' the Old Bye, and tell us whar you got them cards, and what you'll take for thc hull pack !" The old feller grinned again, like a fox-trap, and then began to tell us, in his queer jargon, all about it. He said he'd gone down agin to Jeffcott's Pan jest to look around, and sec if thar war any 6igu of more gold tobe got out on't-when, aa Tie waa a-loafin' along a little stream thet fell inter the main river jest at thet p'int, bis knife slips outer his belt, and tumbles inter the water. Wah he marked whar it fell and began scoopin' away with his Eon to try and fish it up again ; when, lo and chold ! the very fust scoop fotched np that sir fust nugget as he showed us; and the other two kim presently arter, as slick as if they'd bia called for. Wal, he didn't think no more 'bout findin' his knife, you bet 1 He jest pnt for oar camp, hot foot, to tell ns the news ; and he said if we'd go back with him, and turn that stream outer its course (which war no great shakes of a joh), we'd find gold that any placer (gold- field) in the Sierra warn't a circumstance to ; and thet we war heartily welcome to all on't, in thanks for stannhV by bim agin the Skunk's Misery lot. " By Time 1" says Sam, clsppin' him on the back, "you're a tarnation honest feller-a darned sight honester nor some of our own folk, I bet my boots 1 Come along, then, and we'll jest put the job through, right aways and you shall have a lumpin shore, whether we find mnch or whether we find little 1" So off we went, stranger, and, not to make a ten-fathom yarn outer nothin', we mode aitch a pile thet all our last diggin' warn't a patch on t. I won't tell yer what my share war, for 'fraid yer wovddn t believe me ; but 'twar big enough to save me the trouble of ever puttin' hand to pick agin ; and if you'll come and see me when you get to 'Frisco, you'll see I kin pay my way and somethin' over. Now, it strikes me as thet war somethin' of an adventur. -Saturday Journal. 