IIEATHTcO'P1 COUNTY COURT. Friday 7th Juno, 1878. (Befoia jis IHQuor Judlgo lindon.) ThQ-. !lake v. . Elnga.--9397 17a Lid This was a jpecial sumnmons" in which a consenlt to juldgusent within thojuriadiction of the court had been given by tfli dofen dent. The Rlegistrar took tile opinion of hie honor, who held that juidgiaet aliould bh entered. Mr. lHornbuclde ap peared for plauintitf'nd Mtr. Sott applied io be heard on behalf of celditors, but his I [onor ruled tlhat only plaintii' or do. fondaht could 1)0 repr?sented. Cr. M[uIrrowood v. J. R. Conner. Driving and taking out of possession of a slrvant" of plaintiff certainl cuttle, and enclosi4, them in a certain lalisCe for two dayr: without t(od or water, causitng thorm t greitly depreciate in value, witlh the lost. of the use of the same. Mr. J. F'. Simnit: tor coIuphls~ititt, u',. holm for .dthri: dunt. G. Murrowood, sworn : -i had eatmiti running in Dagald .M'Loan's paddock by permnission of Iis servant, Thonmas Moors There were 30 or .0 head. Tlhey vnorq removed by defendant and P. Gopry unl turned adrift oin the 30th January list,' Cautioned defendant. The cattle wert taken forcibly from my children. A number of children helped mine to pt. them back again. On the 31st defoidau?t took them away again, and drovo itlihm Q miles away to the common yards beIotb they could get water. iHe senut me wold about them the same evening. 'Went gone. Got some of them six weekas alftr. Hunted for them for aix wieeks. -Don't know if I hayv got them all y't., Defeon daint did niot issist in the searcli" Tihe cattle were starved two of the hliottest days for years. Think they were daRpaged to the Cxten of £1b. Where thei cattle Wiere was not pari of h lo' cdim C-oss-examiuond-Previous to M'Lean'" selectiug the land it was lartof tihe coin moil. It was fenced at tlie tiime it qudstion on our side. Defendant fenced tlheother side. lie did not say he would yard them if he found them in the pad dock again. tl9 gave nm a writtep noticq at 10 o'clock at night, like thle on pro duced, stating that the cattle were yarded There was no water or feed in tlhe yards. ; James Stanley gave evidence of dtofen dant taking complainant's cattlo-botweoon 30 ind 40--from the ,paddock, andput ting them in the yards on tile second day leaving other people's cattle behind. Thomas Moore gave evidence of per. initting camplainant to run his cattle sr Ml'hau's paddock. G. M'Donald, stated in evidence that he saw detendant and Geary yard the cattle about 12 or 1 o'clock on the 31st, and they were lot out about 8 o'clock next morning. Dugald M'Leau sworn.--stated the paddock was his property. lie got the license for it in '75. It was part of the conunon beobre he selected it. Hie got no notice of forfeituro. It was not fortcitted, but held in aboyanco for a year and a half. No other person was in possession of it. It was his property on .the 81t January. J. Ii. Conner, sworn: Complainant registered 27 head of cattle. Drafted osit 80 or 40 hleadl of coniplainant's cattle, above 28. IDid not touch his comtnuon cattle. Picked out those not branded with the couumen brand. 'I'old comsllhm. ant the day beobre to take them. Part of the cattle were on this reserve and part on what is ralled NI'Lan's selection. Gavo complainant notie?. Lot the cattle. out on the common, and cause to Heath sote to sea the Shire Secretary. Did not take tire cattle b ek, as I got ot!hr 'ii struqtions when I calnt ii. The cattle deteriorated nothing whatever in valute. Cross-examined did not know of and' other trespassers on M'Leali's grounlld There werenone of my own. Big misid little, I had 38. Am entitled to rnu 3 horses and 8 head of cattle or their equivalent besides the 28. Only took trespassers. Had instructions to yard them. Turned theum out because I did not like to see tlhm in thie yanrls in the hot weather. The cattle nent back to ecsu plaiaant's paddock when they were turned out. Dont bs'iovo Ito was looking for thtem for 0 weeks, Told croitsplainaint whtere one was. It was not ii M?ca'lis's paddock. Verdict for Q5 damagos with £22 Os. costs. Jas. Scottv. John. oost·eest, Bill of co'ts £2, 2s. Ills Honor gave a nonsuit without costs, tbh ovidenco of the' plaintiff bein, directly opposed to thait of deftndant. The plaintittf producing documents pro pared by him, and stating that heo por forimed certain work as to trhanflir of property to defendant, and defendant produeing a b;ll showing a settling up between them, and statling that after which hoi gave no instructioin to plaintiff Edwin Walker v. -Win. Jeutiughs. Goods £12 18s 7d. Mr. Scott fbr defun. dant, who pleaded the statuto of limlita lions. Verdict for 12s Id for goods got within tlir.jurisdieoton of the court, with £1 a1s costs. Defendant asked for a mouth to pa', but hlis Honor would not ellow an hou'r, andl granted iinnediato exceution., Sopk loclk v, ,lohn BIrton. Goods £13 16s lid. Mri. lBookr for plaintifi; Mr. llornbuiiklo for defnidtlant, who had previously admitted the debt. Verdict for amrount, with .2 costs, a month given to make a reasoaiblo pay imont. P. Wybrant v. Jolohn Mnikay. Action on promissory note for £12 13s 101. Mr. Scott for plaintiff, Mr, Duigau for do. fmidant. A seot off' was not allowed. Vordict for Iuniolnt, interest £1 2s 3d not beiing allowed, with £2, co;sts. G. Booker v. Smith. Withdrawn. W.. KI. arrison vy. liramn Slocunu. Goods ,£ti 8s 8d. Mr. Booker for plain tiff, Mr. Scott for defendant. ''17a paid into icoiirt.' Verdict for ?3 &3 3d includin anionitt paid into (our~t, S1 l8. s 3d for go14j obtained by ldefidtend s agen't not lIeilng aliowed, and £1 (s 7d of a set-ofll' beisg allowed, witli £2 2s costs, Joseph Jacksoli v. Lewis Neematu. 4:2 10s daimages done to hired buggy. Mr. Bcott for plaintift, Mr. Booker for de fendaut. Mrs. Juackson, statje in evidence that thle buggy was sound and no sliackle broken when defcendant hired it, and tlit lie would be responsible for any damage that might be done. ' ' a Joseph Jacksiba stated he paid .~ Ss for making certain repairs to the buggy and tlhat it took a man two days and a blacksmith one day to make other re ipairs. lie know nothing of a brokenl shackle. P. COunuintiu anild W.: Saugster gare cvidence ot making cerltain epairs for £1 8s. L. Neeman, wlho hired the buggy to come to lliathtlcoto with his tamily, stated in hia evidi?eie that tle shackle broke wilrn going~goently down a hill, causing all to be thrown out and a Ireakage, nid that he made no agreement witl Mrs. Jaickoni about being reisponniblt. Hit was willing to pay £1 8s but Jackson brought hint a bill tfor £C 10. Jackson owned there was a crack in the: shiackle. as wife .had . hir faico inju ed ard his l~)ther-in-law had his shoulder- in ju - l, the accident. \ina. Nceman and August LiTLoe'orr4. b;ted the e ldence of last witness, Lidel ilting that he had his .shoulder injured b' the apsiso, and lihad hben under pdiwcal treatent- since. .. John Edminlston, sworh , said he came ) a few minutes after the arcident, and pinted out that there was a break in tilr siacklo brfobr, as it wans half rusted Ibrough on one s:dc. Nonsuited without costs. Thos. Craven v. Olof lJohnson. Bal ince of accounts, £ (is. MJr..Scott for ilaintilt'l Mr. Iooker tor idelfendant. SVordiot for I.)s with 16s costs, £2 16 'id for brandy supplied to defendant'a iifo not buin, all iwed, extra being.al lowed to defendant fbr 6 round posts in certain fencing, and also extra .ior clharing posts. Georgeo Booker v. John Rloberts. MIr. .Diiganl for plairitiff, .Mr. Scott for dofein deaant. V: yerdict fur *£20 by consent, with £3 '3s cpsts, to be paid in 14i days. TI ?o, Crave.,iv. Johln lyltu. Gdods Verdi't for aiount, with £3 2o Gd costs, to bo paid in 3 mouiths. SJeieiioh' Lloyd 'andd wifo v. Thcs. OCavrin. 'Damages £9 ftor injuries sus. *tanihd bty i bito of'a dog. Mr. Duigan for plaluitiff,'Mr, Stott for defendant. Carolieo Lloydl; wri S n;'Q (; 7the 12th: AApril, I saiwa niionl'her dfds of d:fin (daut on il ndhllUrst'toad. Oinoof tlhe dogs bit m.u when standing outside my fenco Qsi the arm. MyB artxwaa bad for a for.tjighti,. Assees tho daumages at' £2'). Live in the tawnship and ama rated iu the townshli) . Clos?-esxamined. I wont to Dr. Sco F'cU twicq.·, i~w the lsasie ·doSs t~ ~a~ goat'fo pIeces;" "A brleldlo dog bit me,. A big yellow dog was with it. Thcy wore not ooupled. ,It'tool ieldcobetwe·?n one and tw'o o'olock,. Swiiv Mr. Cruiien' gdo along the audhursto.d Could ndt' (0my housoeiold Wiork for more than a woek. My ploa is close to the road to tLooOne]y. .,ye Henry Soebel~, duly: qulalified inedji-l~ pnectitioner, sworn: Mrs: Lloyd came to suo with hor arm in a slii?.' It was swolloe and, inflamed. Se" it a week afterwards. liad told her not to work for a week. Crossexarmined-.Tho slun was not broken right through. Tlhe fright is often the worst thling in such oases, IEllen Hedloy, sworn : Between 1 and 2 o'clock saw a lot of goats running up a hill near my place. Saw a buggy stopon tho road, rnd one of Mr. Craven's sons coupling a dark dog and a big yellow dog. Mr. Craven was in the trap. " Cross.examined-Thero were a good many other dogs. They were not coupled. Richard Merifield, sworn ; Saw dofen dant pass PFrguson's shop between I anid 2 o'clock on the day in question, with a number of dogs. None were coupled, and I don't think any were muzzled. lTher were yellow dogs and brindle dogs. Artlur Debnoy sttorn ; Saw det'tendant with a number of dogs goitg along the Sandhurst road, noar Mr Orr's, about 3 o'clock on the day in question. Two dogs, I believe a yellow one and a brindle one, Ikept close under tihe buggy. They might Ihave been coupled. The others wero not. Thomas Cravnn, elworn : Was icoeni to Sandhurstbetween 12 end 1 o'clock on 12th April. Starte.d with 12 do;s. Ilad 3 dogs in the trap, and 4 couples. Wizen I got to the Bald lill I sent mny son back tbr another dog. Saw M?['rs. Lloyd cross tag the road w-ith a child andi dil not see her afterwards. When [ caie r look M.r. L oyd torid me that his wife was bitten by a dog on the day I went to Sondhurst Said if that is the ease it wa?s not by one of uy dors, as they wcro not awvay. Mrs Lloyd lives in the bush over tde hill from_ theo Smdhurst road, There is no road there. John Craven, sworn: gavo simlzar eidence to previous witness as to the dogs being ,oup.ed, &e;,, and added that the doogs were behind the tral at tihe Bald Hill whon hli got back with the other dog, Airs. Lloyd lives half a mile from the Snadhurst road and ,10 or 50 yards from a bush track. No dogs were left at home at'tor he left. Henry Major, sworn : Was at work at the Bald .Hill for defendant on the day in qtestion. There Were dogs in the buggy aud behind it. Could not say if they were coupled. The buggy stopped. Mrs. Lloyd: lives about G)) yards from the Sandhnrst road. Savw Mrs. Lloyd going homo. She ooutmd not have got home when defendant started again ;she was only about half way home. About 5 or 6 minutes after Mr. COravei left I saw a lot of goats running between M'ed lylis qi1d 7!lritald's from. tbsr direction ofttbhe'owdiship i withl~a lighit b?;indlu dog aftei thens. Abdsit 20 minzdes afterwairds Isawv thesanse dog coming back to the township, jaded aril witht blood 6n its. mnuth. If any of liir. Craoen's donls had comea back I would have seei ilien,, Charles Medlyn, sworn : Thefre woe a briiidlo dog in the habit of coning about his place. )Iad seen dogs worrying goats. Hi-'lionor in hi's remarks stated that altlough Mrs. Lloyd had gilven hot- ei donee faithfilly, and 1usd taotl -what ,she believed to be true, hle considered there was sosme dillioulty about th? identity of the dogs, gicyhounds being so much alike, and he could not regard the phnieo wilore s r s. Lloyd was attacked Iby the dog as a publie place, and gave a noasuit, with 82 10 s costs, defeuidant stating that he wished no costs Iborswtuesses. l. -lonlas Craivumn, v. (3eorgs Whiting. Eictmemit. i). Mr. Scott for Plaintiff, Mr. Duigan, instructed by Mr, hook-er, fdr defendaut,askucl for* thme case d strlld. over till ne'ct sittings, his client being an unecrtiticatcd insolvent, and riot in a position to plead till he obtain :hi? cLtrtif~dato. , i , , Mir. Scott objcoed and pi qducgmd 2 coriickate o~t tle in tavr, of his client purelis'ad fioiii the Oillcial Asigimbeo." -Mr. Dur ~,us stated that tlihe Crovn Law'w Offiosrs 'lfd " L~alled' oa 'the Otlicial Asstgneo to hand over the deeds of his client. :; Thomas Craven, swcora: Def.ndant is an insolvent, The docunnentproduced is a ecrtiticate of title under the Tl'ansfer of Land Sfatnmte for premises to the title, with the planof 20 acres in the lParish Ot I"nolvsliy. ' Defeulant is in psossession of th kilnd. Pdid £5 and forgavo debts for it. Thlinlc ti e estate realised £1j0. Fhers is- a?olthr 20 acres I bought freen the Oficial Assignee. The doeument produnel is asnotlocs copy of an order of sequac tration of 23rd February, 1874.1. Mr. Duigami pointed out that tlhe order of se!lqnestratioi1 was dated 2?rd Feb. 1871, dnd the ilato of certificato of title March 26, 1S74. Witness ceoiftinued--Afte,. I got the certificate of title I called at tie premuises and demnanded thM land seve.ral times. Instiuoted my attorely to serve a de muand.': Claimn i'29 cdr ,odrout ftour .yest for defendant being is illegal possession, dlerived at by a plercenta ,e on thi value of thie laud at 5s per acre'. Cross-xaimilned--Did not· mike ap hliiestiun in writing, Did obt serve, notico in? writing, making demands on the " praoerty-oi the person in poisession i'ho iret notice was served by Mr. Scott' sion. 'hold, all reteipts of the land for 2" yeIri Did lot make demand becauseo ti " Gveiv ,innt did not give me pou'Ye sioun till now. Paid all the rents. ?tlancded over all doeuments to the OthmIl l?ssigace when derendant became insolhcat. IDid not take ateps to get the tarnster till hle became insolvent, Made verbal demnands an the vromises several tiinei, liut don't remniabelr the datea It is 12 msoths ago. Previous to tliuat Ll~"lW the d,;wds of"-defendant's property" iha- ad bill of stue over it. George Scott, sworn: Am law;.'i:cerik' 1otice lia'Oduc?d is the notice airLed on defendnt t on 2Pnd May. last, to quit, 4... Sdeliver up posSeJain of the prdoprty. I Deflndalt saidr'ravl could., gb'i?-ta VIHT and he'di.osiabout it. -R Mr. Dusigan submiited thailji~ ~ ! mnst io noll-sultitl as tno Ilotice 'was'' proved to hlavo been s-erved: ipon tile iarty whiu ought to have repeiyc4 i-tha ;;, Jllical Assignee. . . . . His Honor overruled the objection. Mr. Duigaa6Rsubmittad tia.t' thei mnuitr. profits cannot be recovered by plaintiff without he establishes his title to a verdict of ejectnpnat, £1fe.trespass com inetices when the demand of possession was madu on defendaht. Geort cWhtitrtug sworu .! HIax.beoat!iti in possession of the land d since I became insolvent. Plaintiffl never asked iino'to 4ivre up possession of the land. Ho never told me he purchlsed 'it.'i Ie'' ". nover claimed . to be the ownei:'btlt.c'us Never gojt notic fo tro tho Offici"'' Asiigney o.r iiny:~othey pcrsitn 'thia'-it;'" plaintiffwas the owner. Plaintiilt'o ' , had the deeds to take csar ot, 'Df.ii ,,. ,with !ics iin ', '73, anrd '7, 7 Did n~.t,', i" owe plaintiff slnythiu whoa I becalit~'t i insolvent. . . ; ' Plaintiff consented to a terdiqt.forE »I ejetsmelt, to be sltid till after 1st, July,-' till. after the insolvet, t OoCrt::at' .: Saudhurst. ' Thos. Craven v. George '"Whltiinn&," Goods and cash £59 11s 3d. Amiendedto' "' £,16 8 9dd. Mr Scott for plaintiff, Mr.. Duigan, instruuted by Mr, Bo1 ke0kr,,' for aefendant, . .. . . ' Plaintiff stateodin evidence. iot,ho; i i.,.. sold goods to defendant subsequent ltoitl 7i his being insolven. Was partly the causo oi making him insolvent. An execution was put in his hlous.: '.duni?di the security I held was not signed before' ,1'' a solicitor. Was advised to make- himisl;'~ file his schedule. Charge for taking himti; :' to Sandhurst. Puid £16 10s to Mr'o*Bell' m'a' for the land-seeking for the title. Left the things I hought at the .etle at.tp,1 Sandhust at defendant's place. ., ,'y fondant obtained a verdict against'mo .i' the Police Court for a stack of straw I purchlasedl at the sale rand whilch waias-:ilt left at defendant's place. Puruised alll the property ftrom tihe OI;ial Assignee. Georgo Whiting, sworn : All the money plaintiff paid ho paid fo f'hW-' or~al advantago. Got a verdict against--. . plaintiff in the Police Court for cattig the straiw.'. He had to pay Sea Idoai.A i T got a plough and sold it, and ther., i4) a. cart there now le could have if he likps, to fetch it Never got £16 frolathim.??A It was paid without my authority. Don't owe hlim a penny for goods .slc-. ', I becamuo insolvent. Whom I sued hlt If at theo Police Court a set-off was- ut, int 1 *i and ;e3 iodd allowed. Last settled 'ill i netuounts with pliintiif in 1874, when I paidl hint £71. . . .. ' Verdi.t fr £18 16s for goodl, expeni tes of going to Sanldhrst in c.-oInILeetion witll the insolvsery, ,11, not einig uillow'niid,: 1 . Expenses in coimection with .h ie ti t ; , and £2 2s iaid to a sol-.itor, als, were not alovwed, as there was no ovidnIe, of '" request or-order ,., ' A; the re luest of M,-. DktigIr, tlin 'cs'l ? was roefrred to as.s su.rs, bothl. piiL-s' 'Li consoenting, p!ait a tbo amended, if - Tl'os. OC'aeon ,'. 'Tus,. Sinuuouns,!,; ?: 3s 4Id. Mr. Scott for plainttiff, Mr,;:,.. Du;gan for dleftendant. Verdiot fur £8 Os td, after deductinR" set-oflf, with 1os costs. Mary Ann Dwyer v. IL W. W llori -:.'*, Damnages £2)0, for injury sustained. :byih, .:c plaintiff through being struca withi. ls;, cane by defendant. Mir. Cuigaa, instrucbtd by Mr. Booker,. " for plaintiff. Mr. lulni for defendatt. Mary Ann Diwyer, sworn etnomimber, i! I the 28th last March. Was ia the town, on tkb evenihg of that day Witlth-MigL~a Gooduwin. * Saw defendant that e ofihtn? about 8 o'clock, wheL he hit' mi in the face with his cano. 1Io did not say why he did it. Ho only struck 'nu -'oinde. (1 Didn't hear him say anything.' 1 *'i?i" fil did Miss Goo·lswin nisit have heairs 'him.' ' Went homoe. Was i; from the effects obP f the blow afterwards. Wa s eonfined:tO."' my bed two or three days. Went to tho *!" doetori with my niotlher, alnd ' Mihs I. Goodwin Ata the worso of the, blo~'i.l now sometimes. :... i; Cross-examined-It was not very dark on the nighlt in question., iLad a 'grqln "and white print 'dress' oil,. 'Hadi no qitartrl with delecdaut rbefo-, Nq'dij. 7 spoke to himi. There iwas no cuuse for him to assault me. Miss Butrch was with hir. Was sitading in a.. bya..n street by the brewery. Did not hear Miss Blurch ask Mr. Puller to light a. " match to see who it was. Did not hearlia' Mr. Fuller say hoe was sorry that he hit''' me. Had not bien playing the ghost otn " that occasion.. Never heard of eny'oii·-Ž'l dressing uis, as a ghiost; Did not, heasi Miss Goodwin say 'Oh, Mr. Fuller, did you take us for tho ghost." Elizabeth Goodwin, sworn : 'nli'4:i monitress at the State School. Was'.Ii "I1 the street with. Miss Dwyer ot the evcning othelo 28lth March last, ngarly \ opposite lthe'Thistle Hotel. Wo wer&,' standiig having a coiversation; "We looked ipi and sitw Mr, Fuller and Miss Burch cuming. '.'hey wero talkingl aud~t"i' ltiughing, and we seased the conver sation to allow them to pass by. There was suflidont" light" to identittfthrli'e,' M'r. Puller sprang fobrward'id hit Misa iD'g'wer.wi, t a? n instrument lie land. .hpi,. Aond';l W 'd id ' n o t' h it h or: m oro 'th an ..'... oaco.i io did not say anythiig before he hiit I4er, -FIe m!doe use of. overal OeiC-j;, ,r; prossions afterwards, which I forget. ,He seized her by the right shoulder with his ldift hand. lie raised wltatever was ii liis right hand to givo. 'li is !i1 ijee'bojd' ' I blow, Said "Oh, Mr. Juller, what have o I' you done." Ho did not say anything. After looking at her fTar i little while oo was fibout to go, and I asked hini t:"" " str'iki a Icatch to see what injury.' iho had dqne, Miss Unirclh was itanding betido Miss: wyer.iss Dvyer. Miss 'Dwyer did not bleed. Miss 13ureh asked iMr, Fuller: to , stiike a match, and ho came back willingly and did so. HIeo aid"it was a severe blow. IHo did not say anything else, and went away. After he s?fuck the ,blow he said "I beg your pardon, I atm very sorry,'" iscprted Miss )Dwyer to nmy rosidenc'iun d blithtetIl t her head with watter Tlleen escorted lier i Ihome. Tiere was no blood on her face",.' ' whlen I took her to my hotise. ?hloro w\as a laro black bruise. Thalt night I accolmpainied lier to Dr. Kobinson's, Don't know if the doctor prescribed for hor; her mother took clharg of her then. Cross exarnined-A.m with Miss Dwyer at school. She was dressed in a green cotton dress on the night in question-not inwhity It w~a not ' ry dark. When defendant camejip and struck the blow I don't remember saying"Oh, Mr. Fuller didyga h:nle.rs for.thb ghost." Asked him totrikea match.. ,He did not do so for me, bot lb' did for Miss llurch. He said he waa very sorry. Miss Dwyer was.standingabout a foot off the main street. Michaedl' Dybr,' swtoini Am father of plaintiff, On the 29th march I met defeidaritatl tli0d post-Ofmcb'. when le canieiUp tb'me andl said " I n1 Rgoing uKp to yoir'pladieo apologiso for strikiig yot&l;,,iigliter last night." Said I. was not.aware he had struck my daughter. He sid 'I ,did strike her a very severe bldw, and as going to striko hlier a scond time.', , said "Thiii is the stick I atrupc her with," pointing to a Malacca cani with'a brass ferrule on it.. Said i woiild go back and see, and found the child ii bd .with her head band',ged up. She toldumo nothing about it the night before. .Thoro was a.ecar down the cheek:labout :3 inohes longf, the skin being:.broken at the corner of the eye, The.eye was blck., .She kept in bed three or four days' .': Shb complains of dizziness at tipes aiia apparently suffers no;w. 'Direted Mir; Booker to have stops takdn.. *.i:,;r ... v ,' ' I Oross;e?taiiiined Delbiidant told mo h0 Peas 1oiht. t apblogise? ': A fos days afterwfidtihdteld mo-I could go to any deoetjidedsimel:hnd ho w~iuds pay all ox penzed''Ie:: did not .say G ?e.ouihO l b very happy to do so. Went to Dr. Robinson one, lAbout ii week or a fortnight after defendaniisaid to'mo "are you going on with tkeeelebratc ede. !Did not say to Mr. Fuller sh.e .ould .soon get over it, Y'ever hea.rd f any one dressed up in white frightening people, Didn't hear of Mifr, pDis'sk sevprnts~. complaint about begifii~hten'?ned'. Th- ssano:produced is notIt?thbai?xer d sa.dn in om n on the 29th, rthadabraa;;;s ~fe~rru~86oit. To Mr :)Duiga,)Miy daughter still causes m? n?negh ines. The night in queshon ss?;, a lear lnight. Mis; Dvy'er sworn:; Am mother of' plauirtfif, On tlhe evwnigiu queslion my daughter wtis : brought home by Miss, Gooidwi,' She was trembling all ovor, witl a bandkerchief on ler~ face, Her face was' sollea vydry muuh. Took her to see the 'dector directly. :She very of ten getsdlzziies s andjputs herhaids up to her faCee She.)vas confined to Ier bed. Did not thikli it good for iher to: be in bed, aud used't0 get her up every afternoon, c. Charles Robinson, SIorn : An a legally qualified medical practitioner. Saw plain? tiff about9 o elockd n tie 28tht March. bboswae suffering from an abrasion on the cheek. "Thierewas some little swelling about it. Told her mother to foment it, Have not seei her since till this mornhng outside the ourt. Cross'examined--Did nbt tell plaintiff tocome-again; It was-not my impression at the tiwne thtii it would bb likely to cause a-ny peim?mnt: inquiry. 'TJ.'e injury ouild he caused~ bythe. cano produced. To His HbijoS--'laintifi'is a nervous girl, IZisjusti possible bilL I don't think it prohable that the symptons spoken of .ould:fdllow ro'rs tie blow. Discolor alion ?:6iild.-?follow aft rwsfrr.ls, 'The wound was quiite freslh, but I could not tellifithadbeen fomeneil oi- not, Being a nervous persbo it s;6uld take irsoe cflbet. Was asked if I thought there wou!d ,,- a plenianent mark ann said I thouht not, Harry Waltersr' ullor sworn : Asi cont rac t surveyor at lcatl!rote. llnlellnnh~ r tile night of the 2Sths Mdaieh last. Left my 1 in company with my eister-i-- law. ssUreht Itbol, 1altalf-past 8 'rclock. It was a very dark night. flal gone about a hundred yards, and wen ialnear the mani a, road, I saw a white figure stand ing about six tkit off the radtl. ana forward about 7 o.r 8 laces and caught hold of the ligleso with the left hand and gave it a blowl.nith a cane in my right, *Did not see any one else tihre till I struck the blow. M Miss Good win said, "Oh, sr, Puller what haiiive you dense Did you think it was the gl!ost P' I said "That is just what I did thiak." She then said "It is Iary Ann Dwyer." That is the first intimation I had as to who it was. Expreosed mny regret as u-ell as I could, as I was xery.nimue.stonished to find that I had struck a girl. Did not hear Miss Goodwin ask me to strike a match. My aister-ime'law asked mg to strike a niatch. Did so, mid saw a.mark dowin the left sideof plaintiff's face. Said I hoped it would be beotterrf a:da' or two. After expressing my eegret. i wont oa again. Was there, altogetlther about five mniinutes. Tle first'thimig. iext morning I weit to see Mr, or 7Mrs, .Dwyer to express my r.egret'for what'lhd takens plh?eo ind to explain the matter. Saw Mr. Dwyes- rit the Post~ofiice on my way up. Gave him a full accuduin? f the whole aflfar and told him I was very sorry for what I l'ad done. Ho sai4 she would. soon get over it, anid went away laughing atthe time. Did not :say anything. ahiout theo doctor then. :Showed him thestiek--tlle stick produced. It might have had_ a :tilver ferrule on it, ibut not~brass':one, hlen I" showed it to ;him. LeftMr. Dwsyer with the impres sion thht'ia? di'erfectly satisfied, with ,the explanation I had given hin, The same day I heard his daughter hlad been to the doctor, andomado it my busiiiess to go Mr. Dwyes,'s. house, but I did nut see his dsughter: Tho night in qsuestiou was very dark, Cquld not sae Miss Goodwin or wh'at'the fihtreb wis I struck.' Cross-exami"ned-Can't reluinber what sort of a day. it wan. Had been out cours'sngYIt ?s~anot wet,. Iir.f?Dsig& reais letter front plaintiff's, attorney to defendant, do manding peuiunitry cdponpatsioue for ai wanton' ind" ui?,arrantablo outrage, and also a letter in reply from defen dant to 4he effeqt thiahie was at a loss to con6bM bye .?ev- esy-ipaou say eoaDnieusa tion wsaswantoed after the steps ho had taken ,i4 tli mattnr. Flora M, :Su'hl, sworn; 1Romomberm the evening of the !°Stlh, Varehs. . Was with ,[. :F F'lle r" jbetw'een' 8 and 9 o'eloCklttieigehet;' lTet Mri Puller's house in company with limi, Shoe tly after we lhft..'tho hause, I saw somoe thing white against a fence, and said there's the ghost, 'It was not far off. Mr. Fulleir wenti up and struck the object,' ,,Msiss 'oiidsivin theln said, "Oh, Mr. Fuller did you dluinlk it was the ghost." It was very crlak. Only saw one object. lie. told the g"ii how sorry he was for hitting her, snd hoped she would babotter is a day or two. Asked Mr. Fuller to strike ti match. -Did not hear bliss Goodwis ask him to do 0so, I-Ic! stisick a iatis'oh, and looked at the girl's face aiid told her lie thoughit it would he better in a day or,twg,: Saw notling of tIe girl efterwcrds., Hits.Hlnor gave a verdict fo' £25 damages, with ,10 3s costs. The iisei&'d6t the unemploy~d (says the k Avoca?:) is becoming a far nioro eerioa uiutter than the Government like. They have created their Fiankoustein, and they will find that it is a difilicult ono to lay. Tho truth is th!at the working meanhas been talkcn so ostontatiously Jsnder the wing of Uie Government 'that he expects them to provide him with all the necessairies of 'lif, 'when these, fail through capital being driven out of the eonuutry. We velnturo to think that the cry of the unemployed echoed from llallarst and Saiidhurst, as well as from this city, is a warning note that Mr. Berry will not feel much satisfactionl iii listening to at present.-" Daily Telegrapsh" Saturday. 