MISCELLANEOUS, AseoiHsRc SEA SEcir.EN.-A most remark able fish lhas been captured on tlhe coast of Talsmlania, anid taken to Launceestoll for exhibition. The fish is 14 feet long, 15 in. deep froee the neck to the belly, tapering 2 in. to the tail, and 8 in. ini diameter in the thickest place. Tlcro are no scales, but the skis is liklo polished silver, with eighteen dark lines and eight rows of spots ruisinig froni the head to thie tail on each side. 't'hIere is a miane on the neck 20 in. long, which continues from the head to the tail ; osmallhead, no teeth, protrusive mioutlh, capable of being extonded 4 in. like a sueker; eyes flat, about tlhe size of a half crown, and like silver, with black pupils. There are two feelers under the chin, 32 in, long. Tihe fish was alive when captured. Au Svus xs A Iri RoLE.-A very singular descriptioli of fraud on the Chinese Oustoms (says an American paper) hais recently becn detected by the vigilance of the authorities at Shanghai. The ambition of every Chinamau who leaves his native land is oither to return, or if hie dies abroad to hiave his bones sent home for' burial. launsdreds of collins are anlnually received at the vwrious ports, professing to contain the remanhs of Celestials who have givesn up the ghost in barb:srian lands. An unusually large snumber of bereavemsents iii one family in Sulhnghai attracted the attotn tion of tie Collector of Customs, and on opesning the coffinss they were found to bo full of opiuse. Since the discovery the import ost dead Chinsamn hias ifallen offi very much, while the duty from opium has sensibly increasced. . PsInCIecs Inx BvsuIEss.-sEntirely apart from all msoral iand religious obligations, principle is an asbsolute requisite to auy great and persmanent success in business. Let two men be engaged in asy branch of trade, with the same external advantltages,. thle one ai conscientious, truthful man, the other uscrupulous and a sharper, thie minl of.priscilel will be the most successful. We do not thinks that a isals cai ever be entirely true to principle from mere considerations of self-advantage ; but nevertheless if one's conduct were to be influenced by no other and higlher motives the upright cburse would always be found tle politic one, The harvest reaped by fraud and dishonesty ahlways provcs temporary and barren. Any young man who sets out in life well grounded in sound principles starts on a straight road to success. 