CHAPTER III. One often bears of love at first sight, but perhaps dislike at first sight is even more common. The latter had been the experience of Frank Milton and Aileen. He had formed an idea of what a woman ought to be, partly from imagination, partly from the recollections of a certain English girl who had been the heroine of his youth. This ideal was a beautiful, tranquil creature brought up in strictest etiquette and tidiness of deepest dye, and with every impulse of her character subdued and blanched to tie proper shade required by a boarding school. In real life no doubt, she would have been indescribably tiresome, but as a wax-work model for his future wife Milton had a high regard for her. Now, Aileen, though she attracted him, was just the opposite of this ideal in everything ; while on her side there were even stronger objections. Every one of her friends, for various reasons, considered that Milton was the proper match for her. She could read in their faces a dozen times a day that it was ordained by Providence ; and she was perfectly sick of hearing what an excellent man he was. He was the partner of Mr. Leigh, her greatest friend, as well as her guardian, whose wife was like a sister to her ; and there were a dozen considerations in favour of her marrying this young man and settling down to a quiet domestic life in the shadow of all her friends and relations. It need hardly be said that this fact alone was enough to make her dislike him ; but, besides that, he was constantly piquing her by a tacit disapproval of her flippant remarks, and by obstinately refusing to bend to her sway. Into this state of things suddenly appeared Captain Max, who was richer, merrier, and, in a very short time, hopelessly conquered, and ready to prove his devotion by any act of heroism short of carrying a brown paper parcel under the eyes of his fellow-men. Aileen went as far as to encourage him on to the very brink of a proposal ; then she stopped short. Probably she did not know her own mind. At all events, she acted as if she did not, and poor Mrs. Leigh had a dreadful time with her. One day Captain Max would be kindly received. On the next she would treat him with a cool and bracing manner which ought to hare nipped off every bud of sentiment on his part. Milton almost left off coming to the house, and perhaps that was the reason that Aileen in secret began to regret this, and reconsider her feeling that the gallant captain was a bore, and that one might do a worse thing than marry a man all her friends and relations proclaimed to be 'a most suitable match.' Meantime the languor of the spring days gave way to summer heat, the cherries changed from scarlet to maroon, the peaches warmed to damask under their leaves, the roses burst before their buds were half open, and shook out their velvet petals with every breath of the warm air. On one of these days, Mrs. Leigh determined that tempting of Providence known as giving a picnic. The place chosen was a small village at the seaside and the day turned out, as might have been predicted, the hottest of the season. Unlucky picnic ! What possessed Mrs Leigh to beguile her friends to it, and give them one and all, the complexion of blotting paper ! What induced her husband to give up his home and his dinner, his hat plates and iced coffee, his easy chair and dippers, and airs by Mozart, for the sake of eating a dinner of herbs on a sand-hill, and driving home by moonlight, a thing he detested ? Why did Aileen so unconscientiously smile upon Captain Max, and what contrary spirit inspired Milton to take Miss Saint on a long walk up hill in search of that inevitable view, always heard of, but seldom seen, at a picnic ? Unless the well-known fact that the Fates have a rooted aversion to all forms of outdoor entertainments can explain these matters, it is useless to search further. Late in the afternoon, the appearance of a gipsy kettle, and the clink of cups and spoons, brought the scattered party together, and they all unblushingly dedaredihat they had never enjoyed themselves so much, and silently wished themselves at home again. It was proposed to go in search of shells. The tide was low, and a wide expanse of brown sand and weedy rock lay bare in its brief return to the sunshine. Not a wave was to be seen ; only at one point of the rocks an invisible breaker was flinging up a dazzling sheaf of spray that hung for a moment in the air before it sank in a thousand flakes of foam. Aileen was delighted with the salt perfume, the long sea reaches of palest azure and the scenery of this unvisited region. She plunged her arm into sunlit pools, where the rocks had formed tiny turquoise seas, all lined with green and pink mosses, and adorned with ocean daisies, and anemones, and lovely unnamed sea blossoms, that opened their delicate anthers in the warm water. Sometimes she brought back a rare shell, panther-spotted, and wrinkled round its pink lips, which told their mysterious murmur to her ear. Across the reef there stretched a wide fissure, or fiord. There the water ran like a vein, and its twisted stream could be seen far away in the calm blue ocean outside. Tangled wreaths of the kelpweed vine swam on the current, and broad yellow flags streamed up from the under rocks, where sometimes the wavering shadow of a fish was visible, poised at unknown depths below. Aileen approached this channel, and looked at the hurrying water with a sort of fascination. She even sat down and dipped her fingers in the current, which flew by in baby ripples, and seemed to utter a lisping low laugh as she played with it. There was no one near her at the moment, and all sorts of strange legends of the sea came to her mind, as she began to sing the plaintive weird notes of ' The King of Thule.' Suddenly she started up, and cried, " My ring ! I have lost it! What shall I do ?" " Have you dropped it in the sea ?" said Milton, who had come close to her. " Yes, I suppose I must have done so. That treacherous current has drawn it off my finger. Oh, what a pity ! What shall I do ?" " Why? Are you afraid that a merman will bring it back and claim you by the ring Miss Desmond ?' " Oh, no ; but I would not have lost it for worlds. My brother gave it me when he went away, for luck. It has been in our family for generations, and whoever loses it will lose their greatest treasure," said Aileen almost in tears. " What does that mean ?" " Indeed, I don't know. Something very unfortunate - one's life, perhaps." " I never thought you were superstitious before," said Milton, really anxious to console her. Then, as she still looked distressed, he said, " What gem was it, perhaps we may find it again." " It is an emerald engraved with the head of Medusa. There are all sorts of stories about it in our family records. It came from Borneo hundreds of years ago, and now to think that I should have dropped it in the sea ! I wonder what will happen to me next ! Of course we shall never see it again. It must have sunk, or been carried out to the ocean." Of all times in the world. Milton must choose this one to ask Aileen the most interesting question that a woman can hear. But she would hardly listen to him. The Ioss of the ring had really been a shock to her superstitious, fanciful mind. It was one of those dreadful old family relics which are sure to come to a bad end, and not infrequently bring about the fulfilment of their own gloomy prophecies. On the inner-circle of the gold were engraved two lines of poetry, which haunted Aileen's mind to the exclusion of everything else. Milton was naturally annoyed at her abstraction of mind, and after a few words, he too became silent. They walked up the beach together, and just before they met the rest of the party he said — " Surely you will tell me at what time you will listen, to what I have to say." " Whenever you bring me but my ring," said Aileen, running up to Mrs Leigh. " I understand you, Miss Desmond," said he turning away. " Oh, Rose, I have lost my ring !" " Ugly old stone ; I am glad. I never could endure that Medusa, with her snaky locks, and I often wondered that you wore it at all," said her friend. Rose was always so very rational, and even scientific, that Aileen did not have the courage to tell her that the loss of such a trifle had really affected her spirits. Rose had no patience with ghost stories or evil omens, and would have scorned the ominous warning of the ring. It was plain, however, that something was amiss, and after a few leading questions on their homeward drive, she understood in a great measure what had happened on the rocks. " Well, that is all over now," said Mrs Leigh with a cheerful acquiescence in misfortune which belongs to a candid friend. You will never see Frank again, I am certain." However, he made his appearance at the Leigh- house and joined in the unclassified tea-dinner repast which invariably follows a picnic, looking exactly the same as ever - perhaps even a shade brighter, as Aileen observed with some regret. As soon as it was over, she went out on to the verandah. A casurina tree grew beside it, and its sibilant whisper sounded strange and fateful in the dim light. The moon hung low on the horizon, a burnished silver medallion, and the river lay fast asleep below, scarcely moving along its banks. Sometimes the lonely clang of the bell-bird was heard among the reeds ; and the flowers most have been wide awake, for their perfume was richer than in the daylight. Milton came up to her, and in his most matter-of-fact manner said - " Here is your ring, Miss Desmond, you will be glad to get it back." " Oh, is it possible ; Where did you find it ? Surely you have not been down to the reef for it ?" " Oh, no. I found it in a quite unromantic way. Before I knew you had lost it, I had happened to pick up your gloves on the rocks. When I came home I found them in my pocket and immediately discovered that the ring was in one of the fingers. No doubt you had taken it off while you were looking for shells." " Well !" said Mrs. Leigh, a few days afterwards. " That jingling prophecy was right after all. In three months, we shall have no Aileen Desmond here, and I suppose you won't deny now that you have lost your heart." " Please don't be so commonplace, Rose. I thought you did not believe in omens." As for the roses on the verandah, they nodded their heads together and whispered, " Ah, yes ! We knew how it would be long ago. In fact, we foresaw all this months before, and if any one had consulted us we could have told them all about it from the very beginning." But, then, unfortunately, no one ever does go to consult the right person, who could have told them all about it from the very beginning. 