Macleod of Dare BY WILLIAM BLACK, AirriroROF " A Princess or Tulle," etc.. Chapter XXXVII.' AN UNDERSTANDING. . , "Pappy dear," said Miss White to her father, '. in a playful way, although it was a serious sort XJ Of playfulness, "I have a. vague feeling that there 1 is a little too much electricity in the atmosphere of this place just at present. I. am afraid there' may be an explosion and you know my nerves ' can't stand much of a shock. I should be glad to get away." By this time she had quite made up that little '(difference with her father? she did not choose to be left alone at a somewhat awkward crisis. , She had told him she was sure he had not meant A what be said about her; and she had expressed her sorrow for having provoked him and there; an end. And, if Mr White had been driven by his anger to be for the moment the ally of Macleod, he was not disinclined to take the other side now, and let Miss White have her own will. The vast amount of training he had bestowed on her through manyiong'ycars was not to be thrown away after all. .,.--, <'I,.told;him last night," said she, 'of my having signed an engagement till Christmas ' next.'.' ''?' 'Oh, indeed," said, her father,'quickly'looking at her over his spectacles. I ?'! "Yes," said she, thoughtfully," and he was not,so.:disturbed or angry.as:.I'had expected! Not at me- He was very kind about it. But I don't understand him." '-?'"''What do you not understand ?""' ' " He has grown so strange of late so sombre Once, you know, he was the lightest hearted young man? enjoying every minute of his life, you know? and really, happy, I think-" And here Miss White stopped " At all events," said she, quickly, "I want to be in a less dangerously excited atmosphere, where J can sit down and consider matters calmly. It was much better when he and I corre ' sponded ; then we could fairly learn what each Other thought. Now I am almost afraid of him I mean I am afraid to ask him a question. I have to keep out of his way. And if it comes to that, puppy, you. know, I feel now as, if; I was called on to act a part from morning till night, whereas I was always assured that if I left the stage and married him it was to be my natural self and I should have no more need to pose and Sham. However, that is an old quarrel between "you and me, happy, and we will put it aside. What's more to the purpose is this? it was half t understood that when we left Castle Dara he was to come with us through at least a part of the Highlands" , to " There was a talk; of it." "Don't you think," said Miss White, with some little hesitation, and with her eyes cast down, "don't you think that it would be a little inconvenient??" -' "I should say that was for you to decide," he answered, somewhat coldly for it was too bad that she should be continually asking his advice and then openly disregarding it " I should think it would be a little uncom- fortable," she said, demurely. "I fancy he has taken that engagement till Christmas a little more to hear that he chooses to reveal that is natural knew it would be a disappointment? but then, you know, pappy, the temptation was very great, and I had almost promised the Lemuels to do what I could for the piece. And if I am to give up the stage, wouldn't it be fine to wind up with a blaze of fireworks to astonish the public ?" '" " Are you so certain you will astonish the public ?" her father said. " I have the courage to try," she answered, readily, "And you are not going to throw cold water on my endeavors, are you, pappy ? Well, as I was saying, it is perhaps natural for Sir Keith Macleod to feel a bit annoyed and I am afraid if he went on travelling with us we should be continually skating on the edge of a quarrel. Besides, to tell you the truth, pappy with all his kindness and gentleness, there is sometimes about him a sort of intensity that I scarcely like? it makes me afraid of him. If it were on the stage, I should say it was a splendid piece of acting of the suppressed vehement kind, you know; but really during a holiday time, when one naturally wishes to enjoy the fine weather and gather strength for one's work well, I do think he ought not to come with us, pappy." " Very well, you can him by much without being rude." " I was thinking," said she, of the Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin who were in thatNowcnstle.com-. party, and who went to Aberdeen. Do you remember them, pappy ?" " The low comedian, you mean ?" " Yes. Well, at all events, they would be glad to see us. And so? don't you think we could let Macleod understand that we were going to see some friends in the north ? Then he would not think of coming with us." " The representation would scarcely be justifi- able," observed Mr. White, with a profound air, " in ordinary circumstances. But, as you say, it would be neither for his comfort nor for yours that he should go with us." I" Comfort!" she exclaimed. " Much comfort I have had since I came here ! Comfort I call quiet, and being let alone. Another fortnight at this place would give me brain-fever?your life continually in danger either on the sea or by the cliffs your feelings supposed to be always up at passion pitch it is all a whirl of secret or declared emotions that don't give you a moment's rest. Oh, happy, won't it be nice to have a day or two's quiet in our own home, with Carry and Marie ? And you know Mr. Lemuel will be in town all the summer and winter. The material for his work he finds within himself. He doesn't need to scamper off like the rest of them to hunt out picturesque peasants and studies of waterfalls trotting about the country with note-book in hand-?" Gerty, Gerty," said her father, with a smile, your notions are informed on that subject. What have I told you often that the artist is only a reporter. Whether he uses the pencil, or the pen, or his own face and voice to express the highest thoughts and emotions of which he is conscious, he is only a reporter's penny-a liner whose words are written in fire. And you don't you carry your note-book too ?" " I was not comparing myself with an artist like Mr. Lemuel, pappy. No, no. Of course I have my eyes open, and pick up things that may be useful. His work is the work of intense spiritual contemplation it is inspiration-" "No doubt," the father said," the inspiration of Botticelli" "Papa!" Mr White chuckled to himself. He was not given to joking; an epigram was not in consonance with his high sententiousness. But instantly he resumed his solemn deportment " A picture is as much a part of the world as a human face: why should I not take my inspiration from a picture as well as from a human face?" ¦- You mean to say he is only a copyists plagiarist I" she said, with some indignation. a Not at all," said he. "All artists have their methods founded more or less on the methods of those have gone before them. You don't expect an artist to discover for himself an entirely new principle of art, any more than you expect him to' paint in pigments of his own in vention. Mr. Lemuel has been a diligent student of Botticelli that is all This strange taUi amid the awful loneliness and grandeur of Glen Sleigh! They were idly during the rough road : far above them rose the giant slopes of the mountains retreating into heavy masses of cloud that were moved by the currents of the morning wind. It was a grey day; and the fresh-water lake here was of a leaden hue and the browns and greens of the mountain-side were dark and intense. There was no sign of human life or habitation ; there was no bird singing; the deer were far away in the unknown valleys above them, hidden by the mystic cloud-phantoms. There was an odor of Sweet gale in the air. The only sound was the murmuring of the streams that were pouring down through these vast solitudes to the sea. And now they reached a spot from whence, on image they caught sight of the broad plain of the Atlantic all wind-swept and white. And the sky was dark and low down : though at one place the clouds had parted, and there was a summer of blue as narrow and keen as the edge of a knife. But there were showers about; for iona was invisible, and Staff, was faintly grey through the passing rain and Ulva was almost black as the storm approached in its gloom. Omond? Times is republishing "Macleod of ? Dajre'.' in ask do- Purchases by the proprietors of The Botticelli I Those men now in that lug-sailed boat? far away off the point of Gomorrah' tiny dark thing apparently lost every second or so amid the white Atlantic surge and wrestling hard with the. driving wind, and sea to reach the thundering and team filled caverns of Staffa? they were not thinking much of Botticelli. Keith Macleod was in that boat. The evening before Miss White had expressed some light wish about some trifle or other ; but had laughingly said that she must wait till she got back to the region ' of shops. Unknown to her, Macleod had set off to intercept the steamer and he would go on board and got hold of the steward and would the steward be so kind as to hunt about in Oban to see if that trifle could not be found? Macleod would not entrust so important a message to any one else : he would himself go out to meet the Pioneer,, " The sky is becoming very dark, Mr. White said, "we had better go back, Gejffyv' But before they had gone far the first heavy drops were beginning to fall, and they were glad to run for refuge to some great grey boulders which lay in the moist moorland at the foot of the mountain slopes. in the' lee of these rocks they were in comparative safety ; find" they waited patiently until the gale of wind and rain should pass over. And what were these strange objects that appeared in the grey mists far along the valleys? She touched her father's arm? she did not speak :' it was her first sight' of a herd of red deer, and as the' door had doubtless been startled by a shepherd or his dog they were making across the glen at a good speed. First came the hinds, running almost in Indian, file; and then with a longer Btride'cajne due or two stags, their antlered heads high in the air, as though; they were listening' for sounds behind them and sniffing the wind in front of them at the same time. But so far away were they that they were only blurred objects passing through the rain mists ; they passed across like swift ghosts ; there was no sound heard at all. And then the rain ceased, and the air grew warm around them. They came out from the shadow of the rock? behold ! a blaze of hot, sun on the moist moors, with a sudden odor of bracken and young heather, and sweet-gale all about them. And the sandy road quickly grew dry again and the heavens opened and there was a flood of sun- light falling on that rushing and breezy Atlantic. They walked back to Dare. " Tuesday, then, shall we Buy, pappy ?" she remarked, just before entering. " Very well." " And we are going to see some friends in Aberdeen." " Very well." After this Miss White became a great deal more cheerful; and she was very complainant to them all at luncheon. And quite by accident she asked Macleod, who had returned by this time, whether they talked Scotch in Aberdeen. " Because, you know," said she, " one should always, be learning on one's travels and many a time I have heard people disputing about the pronunciation of the Scotch and one ought to be able to read Burns with a proper accent. Now you have no Scotch at all here ; you don't say my dawdle,' and 'ben the hoose, and 'twixt the gloaming and the mark.' " " Oh, no," said he, " we have none of the Scotch at all, except among those who have been for a time to Glasgow or Greenock and our own language, the Gaelic, is unknown to strangers and our way speaking English that is only made a thing to laugh at. And yet I do not laugh at all at the blunders of our people in a strange tongue. You may laugh at us for our way of speaking English the accent of it; but it is not fair to laugh at the poor people when they will be making mistakes among the verbs. Did you ever hear of the poor Highlander who. was asked how he had been employing himself, and, after a long time, he said I woss for three years a herring-fish, and I was for four months or three months a broke stone on the road ?' Perhaps the Highlanders are not very clever at picking up another language ; but all the same that did not prevent their going to all parts of the world and fighting the battles of other people. And do you know that in Canada there are descendants of the Highlanders who went there in the last century and they are proud of their name and their history and they have swords that were used at Falkirk and Culloden but these Macnab and Mackay and Camerons, they speak only French ! But I think, if they have Highland blood in them, and if they were to hear the Fable Portonian' played on the pipes, they would recognise that language. And why were you asking about Aberdeen ?" "That is not a Highland but a Scotch way of answering my question," said she, smiling. "Oh, I beg your pardon," said he, hastily, but indeed I have never been to Aberdeen, and I do not know what it is they speak there, but I should say it was likely to be a mixture of Scotch and English such as all the big towns have I do not think it is a Highland place, like Inverness." "Now I will answer your question," said she. " I asked you because papa and I propose to go there before returning to England-" How quickly the light fell from his face 1 "-the fact is, we have some friends there." There was a silence. They all felt that it was for Macleod to speak and they may have been guessing as to what was passing in his mind. But to their surprise he said, in almost a gay fashion? " Ah, well, you know they accuse us Highland folk of being rather too importunate ashore; but we will try not to harass you and if you have friends in Aberdeen it would not be fair to beg of you to leave them aside this time. But surely you are not thinking of going to Aberdeen yet, when it is many a place you have yet to see about here. I was to take you in the Umpire to Skye and we had many a talk about the Lewis too." "Thank you very much," said she, demurely. " I am sure you have been most kind to us ; but the fact is I think we must leave on Tuesday." " On Tuesday !" said he but it was only for an instant that he winced. Again he roused himself for he was talking in the presence of his mother and the cousin Janet? " You have not been quite fair to us," said he cheerfully, " you have not given yourself time to make our acquaintance. Are you determined to go away as you came, the Fionaghal? But then, you know, Fionaghal came and stayed among us, before she began to write her songs about the western isles and the next time you come, that must be for a longer time, and you will get to know us all better, and we will not frighten you any more by taking you on the sea at night or into the cathedral rains. Ah !" said he, with a smile lighting up his face? but it was a con- strained gaiety altogether. "Do I know now why you are hurrying away so soon ? You want to avoid that trip in the Empire to the island where I used to think I would like my grave to be-" "Keith!" said Lady Macleod with a frown "How can you repeat that nonsense! Miss White will think you are mad !" " It was only an old fancy, mother," said he gently. " And we were thinking of going out to one of the Treshnish islands, anyway. Surely it is a harmless thing that a man should choose out the place of his own grave so long as he does not want to be put into it too soon.'' "It will be time for you to speak of such things thirty years hence," said Lady Macleod. " Thirty years is a long time," said he; and then he added, lightly, " but if we do not go out to the Treshnish islands we must go somewhere else before the Tuesday; and would you go round to Loch Sunart now; or shall we drive you to- morrow to see Glen More and Loch Bay? and you must not leave Mull without visiting our beautiful town and capital that is Tobermory."' Every one was quite surprised and pleased to find Macleod taking the sudden departure of his sweetheart in this fashion ; it showed that he had abundant confidence in the future. And, if Miss White had her thoughts about the matter, it was at all events satisfactory to her that outwardly Macleod and she were parting on good terms. But that evening he happened to find her alone for a few moments; and all the forced cheerfulness had left his eyes, and there was a dark look there? of hopeless anxiety and pain. " I do not wish to force you, Gerty to persecute you," said he. " You are our guests. But before you go away cannot you give me one definite word of promise and hope only one word ?" "I am quite sure you don't want to persecute me, Keith," said she, "but you should remember there is a long time of waiting before us, and there will be plenty of opportunity for explaining and arranging everything when we have leisure to write ??" " To write I" he exclaimed. " But I am coming to see you, Gerty ! Do you think I could go through another series of long months, with only those letters, and letters, and letters to break one's heart over! I could not do it again, Gerty. And when you have visited your friends in Aberdeen, I am coming to London." " Why, Keith, there is the shooting to " I do not think I shall try the shooting this year it is an anxiety I cannot have patience with it. I am coming to London, Gerty." " Oh, very well, Keith," said she, with an affectation of cheerful content, " then there is no use in our taking a solemn good-bye just now is there You know how I hate scenes. And we shall part very good friends, shall we not And when you come to London we shall make up all our little differences, and have everything on a clear understanding. Is it a bargain ? Here comes your cousin ' Janet hoW show her that we are good friendsyJCeith !" And for goodness' sake don't say that you mean to give up your, shooting this year ; or she will wonder what I have made of you. Give up your shooting I Why, a woman would as soon give up her right of being incomprehensible and whimsical and capricious her right of teasing people, as I very much fear I have been teasing you, Keith. But it will be all set - right when you come to London." .- ' - ??" ? And from that moment to the moment other departure Miss White seemed to breathe more freely, and she took' lesS. care to avoid Keith Macleod in her daily walks and ways. There was at lost quite a good' understanding between them, as the people around imagined. - .. v ' , . (to be cosnjiu):a); 