TALES OF CRIMES & CRIMINALS IN NEW SOUTH WALES. By GROSVENOR BUNSTER, Author of "Remarkable Crimes and Trials in Victoria." PROLOGUE. CREDITE POSTERI. I write of the good times of early colonisation, when the streets of Sydney were bush land, and the eternal waters washed the beach upon which the wharves and quays of a great com- mercial city are now built. I write of times when a band of bondsmen, in guard of a band of free men, sailed into the harbour which is now called Port Jackson, on board the histori- cal vessels known as the First Fleet. This was on the 10th February, 1783. Landed upon the grassy knoll which is now known as Dawes's Point, the unhappy convicts were addressed by Governor Philip in a very pretty speech—as full of moral platitudes as a schoolmaster's oration on breaking-up day. The future, he said, of those he addressed, lay in their own hands. They might make or mar it, as they willed. If by orderly conduct, industry, sobriety, thrift, obedience to the laws, and the exhibition of an earnest spirit of reform, they demonstrated their fitness to become, once more, respectable members of the community, they would be afforded every opportunity for reform. On the other hand, if they still per- sisted in their evil courses which had brought them to this strange land, dragged them from their homes, and estranged them from their kindred, the authority which had been vested in him would be found all-powerful to punish. Then the Governor sent up a prayer to Heaven-- which, indeed, beamed blue and smiling upon them—for the prosperity of the settlement; the band struck up; and a salvo of artillery from the Syrius and other vessels concluded the ceremony. Of those who took part in it, I fear there were few who responded to the Governor's gracious promises. In those days it was the habit— not entirely extinct in these—to regard the felon as for ever lost. He was irreclaimable. For the most part, the nuisance his existence created was settled by the hangman's good offices; and there were not a few sound philo- sophers who regarded the scheme of trans- portation as an unnecessary trouble, expense, and responsibility. It was not wonderful, there- fore, that convicts, who, by the existing laws, should have been hanged, but who, instead, had been packed off to another part of the world, should have been regarded by those to whose charge they were committed as fit subjects only for the exercise of tyranny and oppression. Many, escaping hanging in England, only made the voyage to Botany Bay to undergo the cere- mony there. Others, less lucky, lived to endure the endless tortures which were then inflicted upon convicts, at the whim or caprice of their governors. A time of horror unutterable. I write, then, of those old times of the colony of New South Wales—times when England vomited her offal thither; when human beings sweated blood, and the lash was never out of the hands of the flogger; when the glorious sun shone down upon a picture, not as now, of order, decency, prosperity and contentmemt, but upon such a ghastly spectacle of torture and tyranny, woe and suffering, brutality and despair, inhu- manity and injustice, as must be deemed inde- scribable. For in those days, the night closed, not as now, upon peace and happiness, joy and hope, security and rest—but upon the groans of helpless misery. In those days the gentle breeze fanned no dainty brows of laughing girls and whispering swains; but served to cool the fevered blood of tormented outcasts, or soothe the drunken sleep of their brutal overseers. In those days, the heavens echoed not the shouts of a happy people, but the outcries of intolerable suffering. I write of the days when the first settlement in Australia was hell—hell upon earth, from which alone death gave escape. I write of the brave old days of New South Wales. A brave band of devils, too, peopled our Pan- demonium--devils in office, and poor devils under their sway. Some there were dressed in gay attire, wearing powdered wigs and queer swords and trinkets. Others again there were, the great majority—clothed in coarse prison garb, shaven and shorn, in chains and bondage. 'A motley mixture in long wigs, in bags, In silks, in crapes, in gaiters, and in rags.' Yonder, at the foot of Gallows Hill (it keeps its name yet, and always may, if wickedness should have an immortality) stood the gibbet— the kind gibbet, that has relieved so many poor wretches from the tyranny of his brother man. It counted its victims weekly. It was a tall gum tree, with a weird arm launched forth from its trunk, as though inviting the purpose to which it was put. I have seen it. It is gone now—where, I wonder? Sold mayhap as fire- wood; serving to cheer and warm the good people who purchased its wood; roaring its unintelligible story up the chimney, and form- ing such ghastly 'faces in the fire' as doubtless sent many a youngster to his bed to dream of gruesome sights and deeds. A house now stands soon the site of this old gallows- tree. Who lives in it, I wonder? Great Heaven! If those poor ghosts are not also bound in the spirit land, will they not haunt the spot, and gibber to each other, as they recall the manner of their lives and death, when in the body? Who lives, I say, where the gallows-tree grew? A brave man, surely. Look you. The morn is fair, fresh, warm: flushed with the dainty kiss of spring. A light breeze plays across the bay, and urges the water into gentle ripples, that plash and gleam as the sun- beams dance upon them. A few soldiers wander about, listless and lazy. Yonder, there is a gang of convicts toiling, with bare backs, and fettered legs. They dig and hoe the ground around the Governor's cottage—their taskmasters the while, whip in hand, standing by. Nearer the beach, and across the Tank stream, are the Government storehouses. Hard by on the rising hill, now known as the 'Rocks,' are numerous huts or hovels--the habitations of the convicts. It is a scene of the early settlement of New South Wales—the first page in the history of a nation. A young woman, a convict, passes by. She is fair and comely, despite her close-cropped hair and coarse prison dress. She steps with grace and dignity. She possesses a certain dainty air of good breeding. She looks a lady, and she looks what she is. Passing the Government storehouses, she beholds a small parcel laying in her path. What more natural than that she should stoop and pick it up? You and I would do the same, and, picking it up, place it in our pocket—not neces- sarily with any intent to defraud the owner, but simply for convenience and security. How- ever, she is seen to pick up this parcel. The spy reports the circumstance; the woman is searched, the parcel is discovered in her bosom. Confident in her innocence, she tells the truth. Her story is not believed by the official who in- terrogates her, and she is carried before Go- vernor Philip, and tried for the theft in the sum- mary manner that ruled in those rare old days. This Governor Philip is a lean man, with a handsome face, and a cruel heart. He hears the woman's defence, and acting upon the prin- ciple which guides him to the conviction, that all men and women are liars, he also disbelieves the story. 'Now,' says he, 'if you speak the truth, on the honour of a gentleman, I will acquit you.' Says the woman—'On the honour of a gentle- woman—as I am—I found the parcel as I have said.' 'It is the old story,' returns good Governor Philip. 'I find you guilty, and sentence you to be hanged.' Next morning, as the Governor sits at break- fast, an orderly places a slip of paper before him. He reads it leisurely, and then drinking off his cup of chocolate, steps on to the verandah of his cottage, and taking a cambric handker- chief from the embroidered pocket of his coat, waves it thrice. As he returns the dainty toy to his pocket, the struggling form of a woman hangs from the grim branch of the gallows- tree. It is the woman who had picked up the parcel, who had told the truth concerning the circumstance, and who was sentenced to death by gentle Governor Philip. It was an error on the part of Governor Philip, because some three days after the woman's execution, a runaway convict, starved and desperate, returned from the bush, and, giving himself up to the autho- rities, stated that it was he who had stolen the parcel, and who had thrown it away on the spot where the woman had found it. We may be sure that this circumstance gave our gentle- manly and just Governor some twinges of re- morse. But he had his consolation. The victim of his incredulity and injustice was a convict, and the life or death of a convict in these days was really a question of such small import, that any each mistake as that I have related was apt to be regarded somewhat in the light of a good joke for the military mess table, or the judge advocate's boozing ken. Aye, those were rare times, and Governor Philip figures fittingly in the foreground of the picture which pourtrays them.* Men— ay, and women too—were then hanged, as it wonld seem, for pastime; flogged in sheer wantonness; tortured at the impulse of a whim. Any ruffian holding authority could torment the poor convicts, and it was legal. Any drunken brute, surly and sulky after a night's debauch, might find a tone to his spirits by tricing up an unoffending prisoner, and wit- nesting his flagellation. Backed by the brave laws of these good old times, Governor Phillip, or any other Governor, and his officers and creatures, panders and minions, could play battledore and shuttlecock with human life and human suffering, as constitutionally as you and I, dear reader, may play a game of billiards. There was no resistance, no appeal. Authority was absolute, irresponsible, autocratic. The king's servants, like the king, could do no wrong. Bethink you, as you walk these streets of Sydney, which still retain the cobble stones with which the thoroughfares of those times were made—bethink you, that every stone, mayhap, could bear witness to human agony unspeakable. 'Tis but yesterday that these wrongs were done, these tortures suffered—a few short years agone. It is within the span of human life. The echo of the lash has scarce died away. Nay, we have the lash nowadays, and the hangings; but for proper deeds, and in just punishment for crimes committed. But then—the lash and noose played a merry part in each day's other wise monotonous routine. Men awakening from their troubled sleep at dawn, ofttimes slept soundly enough, ere eve, in the felon's grave; or, less happy, writhed in torture on their rude pallets—lashed, to a quivering pulp. God! it was awful. In those days, to put it briefly, justice had not immigrated, mercy had not travelled hither. Nowadays we have constitutional laws, parli- ments, courts of appeal, the force of public opinion, and all that sort of thing. In those days that I write about, there was no liberty, no justice, no power of appeal—save to the Creator. Ruin and tyranny marked the epoch. In the hands of one man lay all power; who ruled as Pope writes: 'To one sole monarch, Jove commits the sway, His are the laws, and him let all obey.' Here is an appropriate anecdote of the good old times—told to me by an old gentleman who has not been dead more than twenty years. 'On one occasion,' said he, 'the mortality in the hospital was so great, owing to a con- tagious disease generated by a low diet, ex- cessive toil, insufficient clothing, and unhealthy accommodation, that the people died off like rotten sheep. A deep pit was dug for the re- ception of the dead, and into this they were flung 'unhouseled, unanointed, unaneled! The men entrusted with the office of burial were so brutalised that they used to strip the corpses of their shirts, that they might sell them for a plug of tobacco. While they were taking a fine linen shirt from off the body of one man who was of respectable parentage, but had been transported for forgery, the poor fellow revived, and feebly entreated to be re-conveyed to the hospital. 'What's the use?' was the answer of the callous gravediggers. You'll be brought back again, to be buried to- morrow. You'll be dead enough then!'—and they were about to fling him into the pit, in which a dozen fes- tering bodies had been thrown. He pleaded so hard, however, that they took him back to the hospital, and he recovered. 'When I returned to England in 1810, I met this very man in Holborn. He immediately recognised me, and insisted upon taking me home to his mother, that I might assure her, from my own lips, that her son's report of the horrors of the penal settlement in New South Wales was not exaggerated.' That was a narrow escape, it must be admitted. But it was proper, too, and in keeping with the days I speak of. It is no matter for wonder, then, that the object for which these wretches were shipped in thousands to Botany Bay, failed most miser- ably—if that object was, as I presume it to have been, not only to suppress crime and punish criminals, but to reform the punished. Injustice, cruelty, and oppression always bear ill fruit. Thus it came to pass, not merely, as some would have it, as a necessary consequence of the presence of a large criminal class, but not a little by reason of the despair, rage, re- sentment, and utter recklessness, which were bred in the hearts of that class by the wanton brutalities to which the bond were subjected by the free—that for many years the genius of crime ruled royally in New South Wales. No country, perhaps, of its age, owns so ghastly a history of evil. Nor is it from written records that we may gather this history. In the stern days of early settlement, punishment followed so quickly upon crime, and crime was such an everyday matter, that no care was taken to record the circumstances of either. The or- dinary floggings, tortures, hangings—which were then the rule—found no historian. Even the more noteworthy 'sensations ' of the early days of New South Wales, are mere matters now of oral tradition—handed down from father to son, and so on, unto the present gener- ation. It was not, indeed, until a glimmer of liberty dawned upon the land, and the publi- cation of a newspaper was permitted, that any written record of the events of that time was made. These, even, are insufficient to satisfy the inquisitiveness of one who seeks in them to discover some insight into the condition of society at that time. They are mere reports— carefully written to satisfy official conscien- tiousness. Comment, unless favourable to authority, was of course out of the question; and so for a time, up to a comparatively recent period of the present century, the despotic and tyrannical rule which was inaugurated by good Governor Phillip, held its own. From many sources; from long yarns with garrulous old men and women, some of whom have been more than sixty years settled on their farms in the interior; from an inspection of old records—the Doomsday Book of New South Wales, was one; from these, and many other fountains, has the writer of these tales gathered the facts upon which they are based. When the reader shall read to his children the history of the bloody cruelties of the past of Europe; of the Inquisition; of the Martyrs; of the rare burnings of Queen Mary's day; of the Star Chamber; of Siberian Slaves; of all the villanies of unrestrained and unrestricted power, and despotic will; as they listen with white and wondering faces, turn to them and tell them the story of the early settlement of the land they live in. They in listening, you in the relation, shall stand aghast; for you shall wonder how such things were, and how this colony of New South Wales, from which Victoria sprang, —a land of peace, plenty, order, and content- ment; in which all that happiness is to be en- joyed which always falls to a community in which social and political truths are jealously guarded and maintained—was, but a few brief years age, a land polluted by all crime,—out- raged by the violation of justice, truth, and mercy. Thus shall your children gather the lesson, the divine law, that from evil springeth good; and so shall they perceive that from the unhappiest elements of its birth, a state powerful, honoured, and wealthy, has grown into vigorous life and prosperity. 