LOCAL N 15 W S 55ciiEsh ami Forcisn Eiihle Socicty. WOl.LONGON'G BRANCH, The annual meeting of the Wnllongon' Branch of tho British and Foreign Bible Society was held in tho Temperance Hall, on Tuesday evening last, tho attendance being fully up to the usual assem blage on such occasions. Mr. John Richardson was voted to the chair, and tho proceedings com monced by prayor being offered by tho Revs. J. A. Stuart and J. W. Brown. I Tho Secretary (Rev. J. A. Stuart) read a letter | from Mr. -F. Woodward (President of tho local | Branch) stating that ho was unavoidably prevented from being present, but that his sympathy was with the object of tho meotiii'r, aud enclosing a cheque for £2 2s. as a donation towards the funds of tho Society. Ho then proceeded to read his Report as follows : — 'Twenty years have rolled away sinco this Branch of tho British and Foreign Bible Society was brought into existence. Of those who were tho instruments in God's hand in inaugurating this good thing, somo are amongst us to-night, some have left us for other spheres of labor, and some have gone over to the majority. Amid all these changes, the Bible, whose claims we are now met to advocate, never changes. Fixed and settled in unfailing wisdom aud unswerwving love, it abides evermore tho same, and to-day its light is shining brighter than ever, proclaiming in the midst of infidelity, false systems of religion, and Philosophy, that it contains the true Light des tined to lighten every man that Cometh into the world. Philosophy, Reason, and Science have brought their trophies and laid them at our feet, each contending for tho chief place in our affec tion and esteem, and each striving to destroy our tni8t in the Bible as tho Word of tho living God, representing it as a worn out book, filled with fabulous legends aud incredible reminiscences of other years— a book which the world and the Church can in wiser times lay aside. But tliis antiquated volume, as Macduff has put it, is still the Book of books, the oracle of oracles, the beacon of beacons, the poor man s treasury, tlio child's companion, the sick man's health, the dying man's life, shallows for tho infant to walk in, depths for the giant intellect to explore and adore. Philosophy, if she could own it, is in debted here for tho noblest of her maxims ; Poetry for the loftiest of her themes ; Painting has gathered horo her noblest inspiration ; Music has ransacked these golden stores for the grandest of her strains; and if there be life in the Church of Christ-- if her ministers and missionaries are carrying the torch of salvation through the world — whore is that torch to be lighted, but at these same undying altar fires 1 'It is with feelings of unfeigned gratiLude to Almighty God for His unbounded mercies to man, and for the spccial tokens of His favor and love bestowed upon this noble Society during the past year, that your Committee present to you the 20th Annual Report of the Wollongong Branch of the New South Wales Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Socicty, As regards the operations of this Branch, your Committee have very little to, report, and the littlo they havo is not vory complimentary to thoso who refuse to give them oither their countenance or thoir sympathy in tho work from one years end to tho other. A littlo more time givon, and a littlo more trouble taken by tho members of this Branch, would soon make it what it is not -a living, acting, and powerful witness for tho truth of God as revealed in the Bible. The town and district have .again boon canvassed by lady and gentlemen collectors in a most praiseworthy manner, and they have handed in to the Treasurer the sum of £20 8s. 9d. We havo to report also that our Depot is still doing a good work in giving the Word of God to thoso who need it, and in supplying the Treasurer from time to time with a few pounds, which is at all times very acceptable. 87 Mil ties and Testaments havo been sold, and £9 (is. S J. has been handed to the Treasurer from the Depot. With a balance of £7 or £8 in hand from last year we have been able to send as a free contribution to the Parent Society the sum of £30. ' Your Committee earnestly recommend to the public for their perusal the last year's Report of the Home Committee of this Societj', It is full of most useful information, information that ought to be ill the possession of every Christian, and that cannot otherwise bo obtained. Wo in tend placing before you, by extracts and other wise, a brief outline of the operations of this Society in Europe, the success attending tho labors of the agents, and tho chief difliculties with which they havo to contend. [The Report here included several extracts from tho last Annual Report of tho Parent Society.] ' In conclusion, yo\U' Committee would ear nestly recommend the Biblo without note or comment for the perusal of all ; they would recommend it for the unity and conciseness of its utterances, for its adaptation to the wants and necessities of mankind, for its historical and scien tific accuracy, and for tho richness of its moral precepts anil examples. Lot all receive it as a groat porsonal blessing — as 'the message from God to them, and tho very message they need, because it offers a complete salvation from the guilt and power of sin. It comes to all, independent of Churches and conventional distinctions. It meets them on the broad platform of humanity. Suited for all, becauso designed for all.' Tho Treasurer (Mr. George Hewlett) road tho Financial Statement, as follows : — Dit. 1878\. _ : £ s. d. Balance from previous year ... ... , 5 12 9 Collection at annual meeting ... ... 2 3 0 A. T. Cnllon (too late) ? 0 10 0 Rev. J. W. Brown (ditto) ... '... 0 10 0 Collected by Mrs. Parkinson ? 1 17 9 „ Mr. W. Cochrano ? 0 18 0 „ Mr. W. M'Keiizie... 1 0 0 . , Mesdames Anstoy and Flem ing ... ...' ? ... 8 0 0 ,, Mosdamos Elliott and An- -: dersou ... . ..V 1 5 C Mrs. G. Hewlett and Miss . II osking ... -...3 8 6 Mr. J. Porter ? ? 2 13 0 Mrs. A. Do Flon 0 10 0 Sub. Mr. John Richardson ... r : ... 0 10 0 Sales at Dopot for. two years ending 1877:'; 9 , 0 - 8 \- , , '£38 11 8 Cr. Paid for uso of Hall .... ? ... ... 0 12 6 Advqrtisonients ... ? 0 12 0 Froo Contribution to N. S.- Wales Auxiliary ? 30 0 0 Balance forward ? ? ? 7 7 2 , ? - £38 11 8 Rov. G. Chartor moved—' That' tlio Report and Finan dial ; State ill on t as road be adopted.' There woro ono or two things which did not seem to be vory plain in tlio Roport. It might bo aurmiaed that tho aalo of books from tlio dopot indicated tlio total salo in tho district. This was a day for illustrated works, and numbers of Bibles woro purchased from other sources for presents and otherwise employed than might at first bo sup posed from tho report of the depot. It was pleasing to see young persons taking tho trouble to canvas the district for subscriptions for such a worthy objoct. He would not lake up the time that ought to bo occupied by tlio deputation from Sydnoy ^in addressing tho meeting. Mr. J. W. Hosking seconded tho motion, which was carried unanimously. Rov. W.K. l'iddington moved— 'That I, his meet- ] ing thankful to Almighty God for what has boon i accomplished by tho British and Foreign Biblo Socioty, and considering the largo and inviting | field of oporation now open to it, pledges itself to unite in increasing efforts to aid the Parent Socioty through tho medium , of tlio New South Waloa Auxiliary.' lie said ho had attoydod Biblo Sociotv meetings in largo towns avid villages, and tlio attendance on this occasion was very flattering. They knew that in commercial matters wli'un things 1 went on satisfactorily people did not, care to turn out. It was something the .samo ill religious affairs. No doubt they were satisfied with their committee!. He was glad to see that tho Society in Wollongong had nearly reached its majority, lie hoped that, next year, when it had attained its majority, they would come with double subscrip tions by way of a birthday prosunt. The Society was living, and they had expectations that it would grow. He thought much more could be done than was at present accomplished. Ho gave praiso to tho ladies who' canvassed tho district, and also to tho gentlemen who contributed annually to tho Society. Ho thought it possible, and assumed they were with liiin, that grcator offorts could bo made to render it successful — that it would bo possible to do more for tho Socicty. They could employ additional collectors, and also give an ? impetus to tho salo of books. He had not seen the Society's depot iu Wollongong, but in many places such depots were not prominent enough, Tho depot should be in as prominent a position as possible, with tho announcement 'British and Foreign Bible Society' conspicuous ill front. They should also havo a standing advertisement in the local papers stilting that the Bible Society's dopot was in such-and- such a placo, and that Bibles could bo got there cheap. The lady collectors might do a good deal in circulating tho Scriptures quietly. Somo pooplo were sensitive, but tho ladies could put things so well that tlioy woro sure to bo successful. There was a good story of a Scottish minister, who wont on a visit to ono of his parishioners. Having boon there somo time, ho asked him to road tho Bible. Being rather long before it was produced tho minister inquired of his parishioner's wife if she over read tho Bible. She indignantly replied, 'Do you talc 1110 for a heathen?' Slio took tho Biblo down, wiped off tho dust., and it opened almost of itself, when a pair of spectacles fell to tho floor, and she ex claimed, ' There is my glaossos that 1 hao not seen for threo years.' In some houses where there were families of five or six persons, there was only a single copy of the Scriptures. Jt would be a good thing if the ladies could succeed in putting the Bible in each room of every house, and in tho hands of each member of every family. Thoy could improve the Society by tho establishment of Branch Associations in tho outlying parts of tho district. Ho had held a very good mooting at Woonona, and if tho ladies there woro faithful to tho duties they had undertakon thoy would sond in a good report to tho Wollongong Branch next year. There was Dapto, Avondale, Albion Park, and other localities where, if two or threo gentle men — not all parsons — would go, thoy would get up good meetings. Talk to the pooplo heartily and earnestly, and tho contributions to the Socioty would soon be increased. Instead of sending only £30 to the Parent Society, as at present, they would soon get to £60 or £100. By tho establish ment of Branch Associations, as ho advocated, they would soon be able to attain greater results. However, thoy should not despise little things. Tlicy were not ungrateful for the littlo that had been contributed. Whilo there was lifo there was growth, and ho would not bo content till ho saw tho Wollongong Branch grow into greater usefulness. The Biblo Society had a very small origin, but from tho first it was a living thing. Tho British and Foreign Biblo Society had for its object tho presentation of the Word of God to every man, woman, and child in the wide World. When tho Bible Socioty be^an its operations there were only fifty versions of tho Biblo in existence, but by tho exertions of tho Society tho Bible was now printed in 216 languages and dialects. The circulation of the Society up to tho present numbered 135,000,000 copies, and £9,000,000 hud been expended. The income for tholastyear was£212,000, to which Wol longong contributed tho sum of £30. Tho Bible Society had in its employment a large number of colporteurs, who wore exposed to great dangers and hardships, especially where Roman Catholicism was rife — ill France, Spain, South America, and other places — but by tho blessing of God their efforts had to some extent been successful. It was not the object of the Society- to give tho Biblo away, thoy considered that what people purchased was thought more of than what was given them. Thoir object was to place the Bible in tho hands of everyone. They had published the whole Biblo, from the canonical laws of Moses to Revela tions, for the small sum of Gd., and the Now Testament for 2d. Of conrso thoy could not sell at London prices in Sydney. They sold tho Cd Biblo for 8d. and tho New Testament for 3d., or 2s. 6d. per dozen. It would bo a good speculation for persons who had a half-crown to spare to purchase a dozen Testaments to givo away. Tho Bible Socioty was unsectarian, and Christians of all denominations could unite in tho one grand object. The Saviour's sacerdotal prayer was that all His people might be one. The unity, sympathy, and love of Christ's pooplo should bo after tlio model of God's unity with Christ and Christ's unity with tho Holy Ghost. Christian unity was a grand thing. Every British Army had a different flag, but when the Royal Standard was unfurled tho regimental flags bowed in homage to the flag of tlio country, it was something like that with Christianity. Before the Word of God which abidoth for over all denominational., flags' did homage. In the British and Foreign Bible Socioty were included clergymen and laymen of all denominations. It included among its mem bers and supporters nearly all tho British and Colonial Bishops, and derived sympathy and sup port from all religious denominations. It included among its supporters Queen Victoria aud mauy of the Royal Princes, and several of tho Kings and Emperors of Europe did not feel ashamed of their connection with it. Tho catholicity of ' the Society's principles and the breadth of its unsoctarian platform opened it to everybody. No person should feel it a small thing to bo connected with tho Bible Society. Ho onco heard of a littlo fellow who wont to a meeting in London and while pushing his way through the crowd was accosted by somo person who asked him what he wanted there. ' Oh' ho said ' 1 belong to the concern.' Ho had given a penny and looked upon himself as ono of the shareholders who had a perfect right to be there though but a sweep. Somo men stood aloof from tho Society becauso they thought it interfered with local enterprises. Thoy had thoir Churches and clergymen to sup port. Ho knew that it did not offect tho local interests, because he had observed that those who lived tho best and gave tho most for such purposes woro tho happiest and best people. Tho Bible Socioty now had special claims as it had recently undertaken additional work and was subjected to additional outlay. He would say of tho Bible that it had a universal adaptation to tho needs and requirements of humanity. He did not wish to disparage other literature, but was it not a fact that in sickness there was no other book that spoko with such sweetness and such soothing in fluence as tho Biblo. He would not believo in tho Bible if it had not a voice for men in suffer ing. In tho war recently waging in Europo the Biblo Society went to tho front, and had the Biblo printed in tho Russian and other languages spoken in Russia. They fortunately had a new edition of the Scriptures printed in tho Roumanian language. Upwards of 100,000 books woro sold to tho Rus sian soldiers, and many had found tho Biblo a blessing in suffering ami sorrow. It was interest ing to hoar tho stories of some of tho colporteurs travelling amidst tho scenes of battle. They had soon tho poor soldiers with only rags to their backs boing carried to tho hospitals claaping tho Testament of Christ in their hands'; Ho would ask should the Biblo Soeity not .receive sympathy and support from all Christians when it scattered such benedictions on mankind.,. In prosperous Australia thoy should do inoro than at presont. Was it not possible to do moro in Wol loii'oii'. Could they not incroaso their £30 to £1(10. °llo thought they could. Might not some persons bo induced to givo £5, £10, £15, or evon only £1. towards tho war fund of the Bible Society. Ho boliovod no ono present doubted tlio truth of God's Word, but it was not so iu somo places. Mon had written a great deal but thoy could novor disprove tlio Bible. Ho thought the groat swoll inf; tides of mail's, lmpoaohmont of God's word might continuo to roll, .but. thoy would not hurt it more than tlio rushing waters of tho Pacific affected tho rook-bound coast of prosporous Australia. (Applause.) Lot infidelity blaspheme, . but God's Word would not bo changed. 1 he Biblo stood by itself and defied the attempts of blasphemers aud infidels to disprove it by their criticisms. He was glad to see so many young men present at that meeting, and, knowing the temptations to which they were exposed, ho advised them not. to tie content, to read about tho l^iijle tint to read tlie lJiblo itself. If thoy read it prayer fully aud spiritually its divine truths would come homo to their hearts. Sonic people said the Bible was a worn-out old book, but what could thoy give instead of the Biblo. Where could they obtain greater solaco. lie would say, 'Don't givo up tho Biblo.' There were many family relics wo prized ; things intrinsically not worth much, but very precious to us. There was tho letter which brought up happy recollections. There was the littlo lock of hair which onco curled on tho brow of ono who had now passed out of sight ; and there was the old worn- out Biblo, .whose loaves woro yellow. Wo would not sell that for its weight in gold. Why not? Ah ! 'That's my poor mother's Biblo.' Whatever beauty there was about tho Biblo belonged to us. It was our Saviour's Biblo, and was our hope in lifo and death, and for his sake we kept it. Lot each therefore say : — Should all tho forms that mon doviso Assault my faith with treacherous art, I'll call them Vanity and lies And bind tho Gospel to my heart. Ho thanked them for the attention thoy had accorded him. (Great applause.) Mr. George Hewlett seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Rov. J. W. Brown moved — ' That tho thanks of this mooting bo presented to tho Oflico-bearers, Committee, and collectors for the past year, and that tho following gentlemen bo Oflico-bearers and Committee for tho ensuing year, viz. President, Mr. G. Hewlett; Secretary, Rov. J. A. Stuart; Troasur, Mr. G. Hewlett ; Committee, Messrs. A. T. Cullen, A. Campboll, W. Hewlett, W. Osborne, J.P., J. Richardson, and W. Sponco ; Auditors, Messrs. J. W. Hosking and J. Anstoy.' Mr. J. Anstoy seconded tho resolution, and suggested that it would bo advantageous to tho collectors if each were supplied with a copy of the Annual Reporb of the Society's business. The motion was carried unanimously. Moved by Rov. J. A. Stuart, seconded by Rev. J. Brown, and carried by acclamation — ' That tho thanks of this meeting be tendered to tho deputa tion for his able address.' Tho mover suggested that tho committoc should wait upon Mr. Pidding ton relative to tho formation of Branches at Dapto and other places. | Rov. Mr. Piddington thanked tho meeting for tho hearty vote of thanks accorded him. He hoped that increased exertion would bo cxorcised in futuroi As to the suggestion of Mr. Anstoyi ho did not think the Socioty could supply each of tho collectors with a copy of tho Report, but ho might say there were various publications issued annually by tho Society which thoy would bo able to obtain. Ho thought tho collectors should canvass tho district moro than onco a year. Many persons would give a small sum every month, who if left to the end of tho year would probably givo no moro than tho monthly contributions. He would meet tho committee at any time, and would be happy to make arrangements for tho establishment of Branches. The Doxology having been sung, Rov. J. W. Brown pronounced tho benediction, and tho pro ceedings terminated. 