LOCAL AND GENERAL. " JOHN CHINAMAN."-Among the lit of passengers by the schooner Ariel, to Sharks Bay, we notice " twenty-nine Chinamen." Is this the first instalment of the " Heathen Chinee," for which provision has been made by a paternal government ? Music.-A rare opportunity offers itself to the lovers of music in the proposal of Mr. Compton to establish an educational class for those whose tastes lie in that direction. We refer those interested to our advertising columns. A VISIT TO THE MUSEUM.-On Monday last, the members of the Perth Young Women's Christian Association, visited the Museum,-the president of the society (Rev. W. Traylen) acting as their cicerone. One of the objects of the Association is " the study of such subjects as are calculated to improve the mind," and an hour spent in the museum, with an intelligent guide, could hardly fail to tend to the attainment of the object which the founders of the association had in view. Loss OF THE ELLA GLADSTONE - The fol lowing is the finding of the preliminary court of inquiry relating to the recent loss of the Ella Gladstone :-" Having held an inquiry regarding the loss of the " Ella Gladstone," and having heard the statements of the cap- tain, chief officer of the ship, and also that of the chief boatman of the Water Police, which are annexed, we see no further reason for another inquiry, it being our opinion that the ship parted her cables in a violent squall ; the said cables having relieving tackles on at the time. According to the evidence the cables were examined by the surveyor before the ship left Adelaide. We are of opinion that everything was done by captain and crew for the safety of the ship." THE WHEELER FAMILY.-This troupe re- appeared at the Town Hall last night, after their visit to Champion Bay. The program- me began with an Anglo-German comedietta entitled " Little Frauds," introducing songs, dances, and instrumental duets. Next fol- lowed the mirth-provoking and original sketch " Upper and Lower Ten," which kept the people in continual laughter. After an interval of ten minutes, the audience was treated to some German specialities, by Mr. Frank Wheeler, followed by a song by Mrs. B. Wheeler-the prelude of a hearty encore. Next came a laughable Irish act, in which Mr. Ben Wheeler kept the assembly in roars of laughter. The entertainment concluded with the comedietta entitled "Divorce," which thoroughly amused the listeners. The company will appear again this evening, with a new programme. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-Amongst the sub- scribers to the Mechanics' Institute, a con* siderable amount of dissatisfaction exists at the manner in which periodicals, intended for the use of subscribers generally, are , monopolised by a few. It appears that im- I f medially upon the delivery of the English j G mail here the magazines and periodicals are seized by some subscribers, who always make it a point of being in waiting for them. We believe the rules provide that the new perio- dicals shall be detained not longer than two days, bnt some subscribers ignore the law, and, besides detaining the publications for a: longer period than they have a right to do, make exchanges with their friends without returning them to the institute ; or, in other words, form a kind of magazine club at the cost of other members of the institute. This isa subject which the committee may be reasonably asked to deal with at their special meeting on Monday next. WHAT SHAM, WE DO WITH OUR BABIES ? Dr. Gosse has been lecturing at Adelaide on the question, " Why do babies die in South Australia?" An irreverent correspondent says, among many other things, that the question " may be satisfactorily answered in several ways. One reason why they die there is, most probably, because nobody takes them out of the colony to die. Another reason, no doubt, is because they cannot help it. A third cause may be fairly set down to the deep-rooted and unalterable dislike to the colony and the ways of the pople there. Perhaps a fourth reason why babies die in South Australia is from mental prostration consequent upon long-sustained efforts to understand the language addressed to them. I have seen babies in a state of utter bewil- derment or half frantic with passion on being addressed as a ' 'ittle popy wopy,' and told to 'ope' it 'ittle mousy powsy an' 'et muzzer see if 'ittle naughty toosy peg is toming.' A long persistence in such language as this might prove too much for some babies. PRIDE MUST HAVE A FALL.-An amusing illustration of this saying took place the other day, near the intersection of Hay Street and Milligan Street, where a score of boys were lost in wonder and admiration at the bold feats performed by a youth upon a rope a la " Young Blondín " To make as close an imitation as limited means would permit of the entertainment given by Young Blondin, the venturesome youth had a rope stretched from a fence top to about twenty feet of a vacant piece of ground, and on this he made several attempts to walk backwards and for- wards, balancing himself with a long pole-a rudely hewn sapling. The youthful audience were evidently much taken by the show, and applauded the performer to the echo. Stimulated to still more daring feats, by the sweet sound.of the applause, he allowed his young fiery ambition to outrun his prudence, when the " fixtures" gave way, and as the aspiring youth had not yet learned how to walk mid-air without a rope at all, of course he found* his level by the very simple laws of gravitation. He was, however, not hurt. SERVE HIM RIGHT.-The Sydney Evening News describes the following extraordinary oc- currence :-"A clever piece of work has been accomplished in the Lands Department, an erring officer of long standing being the victim. Kleptomania does not confine its vic- tims to valuables in shape of money or jewel- lery, but permits of operations on sweetmeats or, in their absence, on the excellent fare enjoyed by civil servants at the half-hour forenoon interval. In one branch of the Lands Office a day has never passed over without complaints of some unscru- pulous hand being laid on the lunch baskets. One gentleman was victimised fourtimes success- ively not a week ago, and the horrible presenti- ment came to his mind that the chief of the branch was the culprit. A conference was held, and it was decided to bring the offender to just- ice. The whole of the lunches next day were liberally served with tartar emetic. At about 1 the chief felt disinclined to dine, and at 2 was sure he was attacked by cholera or typhoid. Half an hour later the real symptoms were ap- parent, and the sympathies of the officers of the department increased as the tableau drew nigh. He was sure he was going to give up the ghost (as he had had afearfuldose), but instead of that gave up the dinner. He has since peticioned for the removal, it is said, of the principal conspirator, on the ground of insubordination. ROYAL COLONIAL INSTITUTE.-We have re- ceived the tenth annual report of the Royal Colonial Institute, presented to the annual meeting held in July last. The institute was founded in the year 1868, in London, for the purpose of bringing together all persons con- nected with the colonies and India, and of everyone taking an interest in colonial and Indian affairs. It was the especial object of its promoters to endeavour by its means to aid in the diffusion of information, and in binding together more closely, and preserv- ing more completely, the permanent unity of every part of the British Empire. The most gratifying success has attended the efforts of the promoters. The committee in their re- port say : " Among the presentations to the librarv which demand special attention are complete sets of "Votes and Proceedings and Journals of the Legislative Council" by the Government of New South Wales. The Council are extremely grateful for these valu- able contributions, which, they trust, will be followed by similar ones from all the other colonies which have not yet made them to the Institute, as it is the object of the Coun- cil to provide in a central position in London a complete library of reference on all colonial subjects." Will our own Government accept the hint ? FIRE AT THE "YORK HOTEL."-On Sun- day evening last, says the Eastern Districts Chronicle, about 9 o'clock p.m., a fire broke out at the " York Hotel," which must have been attended with loss of life, only for the intervening hand of Providence. Police Constable Scott on passing: the hotel a little after 9 o'clock observed an unusual amount of light in Mrs. Wilson's bed room. One of the servants was standing on the verandah (all the rest being at church), and he drew her attention to it. She immediately rushed upstairs, and on reaching the top screamed out "fire-" Police Constable Scott by his exertions soon managed to quell the flames. Only for his timely assistance, a little boy, who was sleeping in the bed which caught alight, would have been burned to death. How the accident happened we cannot pre- cisely state ; it was done by a candle having caught the valance of the bedstead, and thus set fire to the remaining bed furniture. Whe- ther the candle had been knocked off the table, or whether the candle had been put into a candlestick when hot, and left without waiting for it to cool, or how it was done, no one seems to know. Mrs. Wilson kindly presented the constable with two sovereigns for his timely assistance. This is as it should be, and a trifling reward may be the means of saving thousands of pounds through in- creased vigilance." " THE AUSTRALIAN WONDER."-Young Blondin gave another performance in the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening, assisted by the members of the Philharmonic Society in their negro entertainment. There was a very fair attendance. The Free Templar Band was also present and discoursed a selec- tion of music, thus enhancing the at- tractiveness of the programme. Young Blondin first appeared as " Britannia," in which character he crossed and recrossed the rope, (stretched across the stage), marching to the time of the music, and seemingly as much at home as if he were on ^terrafirma. In his next feat, consisting of Various per- formances on the slack rope, he slipped, but sustained no injury, and after taking * short s j rest, he again ascended aloft, and crossed a the rope in safety, amidst lond applause. This 3 ' performance was followed by the still more \- i wonderful one of crossing the rope blind j j folded, and of carrying a chair On his back , j and sitting in it on the rope. He also wheel ir ieda barrow, full of bouquets, across, and dis ' tributed the flowers among the spectators in the body of the hall. The entertainment altogetherseemed tobe thoroughly appreciated by those present. On Wednesday there was a performance for children, to which the in- mates of the two Orphanages were admitted free. There was a capital house, and Young Blondin's performances were most successful -his feats on the slack rope, without a balancing pole, being such as to impress everybody with the fact that " The Austra- lian Wonder" will in time justly hold a pro* minent place among the wonders of the world. As TO MODE OF CALCULATING SALARIES OR PENSIONS FOR BROKEN PERIODS.-The fol- lowing circular has been recently issued by Her Majesty's Treasury, respecting the mode of calculating salaries and pensions :- The Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treas- ury think it desirable to reconsider the rule laid down in the Treasury minute, of the 1st July, 1837, as to the mode of calculating salaries and pensions for broken periods, in- asmuch as since that date general changes have taken place with regard to the periods of payment of salaries and pensions. Their Lordships wish the rule throughout the pub- lic service, without exception, to be in future as follows, viz. : 1.-In cases where salaries or pensions are paid by monthly payments of one twelfth of the annual rates, such pay- ments are to be treated as final settlements -i.e., payments in full-for the periods to which they relate ; and in these cases the computation for a broken period of a month is to be made with reference to the number of days in such month ; Thus :-If a salary of £120 per annum is paid by equal monthly payments, falling due at the close of each calendar month, the monthly amount will be £10 ; and if payment has to be made for a broken period, say, to 15th January inclusive, the amount to be paid will be 15-31 part of £10. In cases where salaries or pensions are paid by quarterly payments of one fourth of the annual rates, the computation for a broken period of a quarter is to be made with reference to the number of days in that quarter ; Thus :-If a salary of £120 is paid by quarterly payments, falling due at the close of each calendar quarter, the quarterly amount will be £30 ; and if payment has to be made for a broken period, say, to 15th January inclusive, the amount to be paid will be 15-90 part, (in leap year 15-91 part) of £30. The second mode will, of course, apply to cases in which monthly instalments of less than one twelfth of the annual rate are paid in the first two months of each quarter. 