SPORTS AND AMUSEMENTS. . I Two hunts hove taken place during the month. The Southern Hunt Club Hounds met at Glen Fern | in the early part of the month, and about the samo j time the Like Uiver Hounds had a merry spin at ! Campbell Town. A committee has been appointed at a publio meeting for the purpose of collecting subscriptions for a testimonial to be presented to the Tasmanian cricketer, Mr. George Bailoy, of the Australian Eleven, on his return to the colony. The aunual meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association was hold at the Town Hall on the Otli nit, under the presidency of His Excel- lency the Governor. A satisfactory report respect- ing the operations and finances of the association was adopted, and in it reference was made to tito BUecess of the Australian cricketers in England, and especially to the high position secured by Mr. George Bailey in the team. The Association medals were won by the following gentlemen :-Bitting, Mr. Jas. Bennison, average 22 ; bowling, Mr. W. T. Biroh (slows), average G-2S. The bat for tho highest . individual score was also presontod to Mr. Jos. Bennison, who scored 4S iu a match " North v. South." Reference was also made to negotiations that were in progress with a view to bringing out the gentlemen players from England. ?The annual meeting of the Launceston Cricket Club was held st the Criterion- Hotel, Launceston, on the 13th ultimo. In the report of the year's operations which was submitted it was stated that James Mortin headed the batting list with tho splendid averoge of 41-4, H. Wathonand G. Arthur following with 32*4. In th'e bowling H. Matheson stood first, his average being 42 runs per wicket, while T. Atkinson approached with the very re speotable nvcrago of 51. The fifteenth annual mooting of the Wellington Cricket Club was held on tho ISth ultimo. The re part and financial statement, showing a balance of I £2 9s. Od., were submitted and adopted.' The bat- j ting and bowling moil als wore presonted to Mr. J. I G. Davies, whose average acoro for batting waa 21-2 ¡ and whoBO average for howling was fl-23. Soversl football matches have takon place during . the month, but the season has now closed. The annual costume football display by members of the City Club was held on the 14th ult., and proved a success. There has been quite a plethora of public amuse- ments during tho month, and the various companies have met with a liberal share of publio patronage. I The Theatre Boyal has boen occupied hy tho Wheatleigh and Legrand Dramatic Company, and thoy have produced The Shaiiyltmmt, The Plying Scud, Jlaby, The Octoroon, Colleen Baum, Tuio can Play at that Game, For- bidden Fruit, and Tim American Cousin. Mr. D'A roy Reid continued his exhibitions of "Tho Ghost," at tho Town Hall for the first thrco weeks of tho month. Tho Tasmanian Hall has been occupied by tho Clark Gaiety Group consisting of Messrs. Alfrod Silvester (sou of tho Fakir of Oolu) and Earnest Voltaire and Mdlle. Naomi, and Miss Nordt. The "Tasca Concert Company" gavo sevornl entertainments at the Town Hall during last Week. The company consists of Madamo Tosca, pianiste ; Madamo liosaly Merz, operatic vocalist ; i Mr. J. E. Down, tenor j and Mr. Alfred Plumpton, , composer and conductor. The inaugural meeting of the Orchestral Union was held at the Freemasons' Hall, on the evening of the 5th ult, under the presidency of Dr. Smart An intimation was received to the effect that His Excellency the Governor had signified his intention to become patrón of the society, and he was accord- inly elected to fill that position. The following gentlemen were elected vice-patrons -.-His Honor Sir Francis Smith, C.J., His Honor Mr. Justice Dobson, and the Hon. Sir James M. Wilson, P.L.C. A code of rules which had been prcpared having been submitted and adopted, the eloction of officers for the current year was proceeded with, and re- sulted as follows :-President : The Mayor of Hobart Town. Vice-Presidents : Dr. Smart aud Mr. Henry Dobson. Hon. Secretary and Librarian : Mr. A. J. Taylor. Hon. Treasurer : Mr. A. J. Chapman. Conductor : Herr Schott. General Committee : Messrs. H. Hunter, H. L. Roberts, W. A. Guesdon, W. H, Smith, R. B. Cameron, Fred. Jolley. E. C, Nowoll, L Susman, Dr. E. L. Crowther, W. J. J. Reynolds, C. J. Ball, J. Withrington, with Secre tary, Treasurer, and Conductor (ex officio). Trus- tees : Messrs. J. E Salier, E C. Nowell, and H. . Hunter. Auditors : Messrs. E. Chancellor and I John Baily. ' 