SAYINGS A.ND DOINGS IN COLONIAL ATHENS. - ? ♦ ? Br Roundabout. PASSUTG EVENTS. : TaBca's piano playing was much ad mired by those who heard it. A fellow who has a soul for music says it reminded 'him «t times of a brass band in the air, and at others of a lot of little cherub i ma humming the tune. This is the same man who went after a plaoe,onee as art critic to an, Adelaide paper, and didn't get it. Taxation is a bitter piil to swallow, but like other unpalataHle things people wili Iget used to it in time. There's 500 men out of work at Wal laroo, aud most of 'em married. It's aaid they all intend to leave for Victoria, where there's plenty to do in their line. If so there will be a few 'grass ' widows in that part. I wouldn't advise any of these to come here at present, as there's no vacancies in Gawler. G-hosts of a real live character are visit irter mnat: lin.nmintrir fnums fan fcnnniftr t.hn inhabitants on dark nights. Jiaiu ford's Ghost, which was so well patronised in Adelaide has disappeared, and everybody regrets that it won't turn up at Gawler. A respectable ghost of this kind is worth sixty dozen of idiots dressed in white to alarm nervous folks. nock's act. There wa3 clamouc enough in the House on thai, day ? When Nock's Act was hatched without any delay ; It was brought into force with a great deal oE tact, And some few supporters stuck up for NaeVa Act. Five months it had worked when it met a sore pill, For Mortlock brought forward reform by his Bill; Said he, * by Nock's measure injustice we feel, So Fll do my best to insure its repeal.* Nock's Act may be good, but one thing is oft seen. Its supporters at times do not say what they \- mean ; For there's just as mush drinking as heretofore found. And the fines at the Police Courts as large I'll be bouud. Let them strike at the root of the evil in time, If they wish to be free from all trouble or Let them not blame innkeepers for doing good trade. Or rail at each business that's honestly made. While the Government here import liquors for sale. An i the revenue's increased, all talking will fail To convince legislatora the force of this fact. That mankind will reform by Nock's famous Act. If men have a desire trc drink, they will go To each point of the compass whate'er wind may blow ; And there's some I believe would e'en part with their life, And for grog sell their children, friends, brothers, -ir wife. Nock's Acr- is in force, and is backed np by law, But the travellers' clause is considered a flaw ; Though it gains a few converts it will never stand, As the honest opinion of the men of this land. WHT AND WHEBEFOEB. Why ouirht some of those who took part ia the Eight Hours' Demoustratioa to have been truly happy ? Because they 7isited Paradise. What is that which affects the floors of houses, and yet is so noticeable ia news Is it wrong to call a baker a crusty fellow ? One in Adelaide the other day was accused of loaf-ing. Wiiat candidate for the Legislative Council reminds us of a famous poet ? Scott. What sort of tobacco best suits the Chinese ? Pig-tail. Why is the election of four members to the Legislative Council likely to prove dangerous at night ? Because there's sure to be an extra escape of gaa there. Why is Nock's Act unlike Dr. Slade and other mediums ? Because its oppoBed to spirits. Why. is the country xound Barossa at present like a foolish fellow ? Because its remarkably green. . FAdS AM) 8CBA.PS Nebuchadnezzar lived on grass. He would have had hard lines last summer if ] he had been here, when there was no: e to be got in South Australia. A resident of Oawler who had been absent for two days coursing, on beinjf asked by his wife wh^re he had got, re plied, * got back.' A gentleman whose wife has just brought him a seventeenth child, intends namiug it ' Enough.' He thinks seven teen to each married couple will prevent too mucii immigration, and that seventeen is quite enough in family. If a man lives on Q-oose Island, is he likely to do well with gosiingB on his l'arm ? A man recently threw a cat into a church in Adelaide. On bein* brought up at Court he eaid he couldn't help it, and that be believed it whs only a cat astrophe. They wouldn't hear his ex cuse, and a f-yst:iniler remarked that he looked as if cat-elapsy had struck him. I hear considerable cat - eiwauling round Crawler at night. No doubt its the feline race discussing Nock's Act. The dust was blown in clouds through the streets of Gawler oa Sunday last. The only dust- the storekeepers here abouts want just now is gold dust. The way fc-i« Sund.sy C'osjri^ Associa tion afToo^ed the eh-etio:is here was re markable. Oa the day of voti lg three 'vottts were recorded in one hour. A youngster liv.ug on the Plains was told that a dictionary contained every - ^hing., Having mislaid his shoes he was found looking into it to eee if he could fiud them. Some folks are clever; one of these spoke as follows : — ' Life is short, money is short, aud Gawler has one storekeeper and a shoemaker named Short.' The wit of some people is astonishing. The Legislative Council is too small an arena for some people to gallop in ; they can only do with four extra' candidates there at present- How will Upper House reform abect them ? Morton, of the Southern Cross, Ade laide, is one of the right sort. -Somebody has said the Inspector will oppose a license being granted to .him. Can't opposition go in another direction ?*. During a match at Gladstone Mr. Clark, of Jamestown, made a score of 111, not out. Mr. C. should, I think, stand a fair chauce for election in the next Australian Eleven. Strange that South Australia should not have a single representative among the famous team now paining so many laurels there. THE FOBGOTTEN GiWIiEB TRAMWAY. Our Tramway ! Oar Tramway ! Say when will it commence ? Will it be started on next week, Or in some five years hence ? I wait to know from those below, How soon it will begin : There's no excuse for standing still, Or any lack of ? tin.' Our Tramway ! Our Tramway ? Oh may it soon commence ; All wish it would begin nest week, And not some five years hence. 'Tts said that down at Wallaroo A monster mine stands still. Five hundred mea are out of work. And toil for us they will. Let them not leave our colony, This Tra-nway must be made ; Let's push it on before they're gone To other marts of trade. Nock's Act is thought important here, Upheld by one or two ; But our new Tramway is a want Without which few can do. Why is the Gawler Tramway like the new motor power now being adopted? Because its likely to be thought a deal of in tke next century. W-uy is our Train way like a change of Ministry? Because its not likely to occur just yet. 