Intercolonial. QUEENSLAND. [From our own Correspondent.] Brisbane. November 9* ] The Daily News, late Patriot, issued a pictorial supplement this morning, in'which was a representation of a lovely yon tig female holding, with a very forcible grip, apparently the bead of a huge serpent, whose foody to the length of many many yards appears in folds found the young woman's form. This work of art is explained in a very high-toned leader. -The female with the powerful grip is Queens land and the Berpent is 44 squatterdom." The reptile, we are told in high-flown language, is gradually overcoming the young woman (yon would not think so to see the cartoon), and another squeeze in its deadly embrace will finish off the victim altogether. The article is so far reassuring that it telts us that thereis one chance for the lady to avoid the final and fatal squeeze, but that there is not a moment to lose. All of which means that we are net, as we value our existence, to allow Mr. Palmer, a squatter and a prophet amongst squatters, to represent Bris bane. This is but one of the many devices now being resorted to to damage tbe chances of candi dates whose reputations are injured to the full** extent allowed by the law of libel, doubtful'-; compensation being made by the praises of sup porters, who are never so loud or so convincing > as those who have charges and inuendos if to make. Some of tbe candidates them selves are their own enemies. This has been especially the case with Mr. Griffith tbe Attorney- General and a candidate for North Brisbane. Innendos of tergiversation were made against him which had he treated them with silent contempt would have passed unheeded, But he must needs rush iuto print, where as a natural consequence he has been more or less ever since, answering or endeavouring to answer fresh inuendos and getting decidedly the worst of the fight. His latest literary efforts nave decidedly damaged his chances of election, but not fatally so. X expect to. see him second at the poll, with Mr. Palmer at the top. Mr. Pring by many is believed to have a good chance. He represented the city in the last session of Parliament. The fourth candidate, Mr. Hockiugs, who also represented .Brisbane in the late Parliament, has not the ghost of a chance. Hie has not yet addressed the electors and for any good he will do he might as well save his breath. Mr. Palmer held his first meeting on Monday in the old School of Arts, which building was most inconveniently packed with perspiring humanity.. The fact is people expected some excitement from the affair, and they got it— rather top much of it iu fact. It could hardly be expected that a prominent member of the squatting party like Mr. Palmer, and who has ere now made his voice heard and his vote felt against the interests of the city, would be allowed to take his seat as representative of that city un challenged. So the hall embraced within its walls a compact body of anti- Palmerites, who made things lively for the candidate. I can assure you Mr. Palmer's manner at best is not conciliatory, ana on tnis occasion it was.less so than ever. He gave some of his questioners to understand that he con sidered them fools; many questions he refused to answer at all, and utterly repudiated the idea of pledging himself to anything. In fact he was thoroughly defiant. He must have felt afterwards that he had not gone quite the right way to work to secure the adhesion of waverers, because at his second meeting a few nights afterwards he altered his tone considerably and as it were ate humble pie. As I have already told you, there is a large section of the community which believes that it is better to have Mr. Palmer for than against the city. Mr. Palmer showed astuteness when he introduced himself by stating that his principal reason for acceding to a requisition to allow himself to be nominated for Brisbane was that he might break down the claptrap cry of " No squatter." Of course Mr. Palmer claimed that all the "liberal" legislation of the last Parliament had been brought about directly or indirectly by theso-cailed squatting party. He said that " if it were a sin to be a squatter- the present Prime Minister was one. He had been unfortunate as a squatter, but if he had possessed half the financial brains of the men whom he took a pleasure in maligning he would still have been a squatter." Not a bad hit. Mr. Palmer went on to say, " The party that opposed him did not do so because he was a squatter, but because he was not a ' babe of grace'—because he was not sitting at the feet of the Evangelical Standard." This was a hit at a print which is popularly credited with having several fingers in the politic il pie and with not confining itself strictly to the concerns suggested by its title. The idea of Mr. Palmer as a " babe of grace," or in deed a babe of any kind, is a merry conceit. One cannot picture this very knowing gentle man ever having been in a state of babyhood. He gives the idea of having been born with his eye-teeth cut. Mr. Pring, Q.C., late member for Brisbane, and now a candidate to represent it again, has held his first meeting—also at the School of Arts — which was equally as crowded as on the occasion of Mr. Palmer ad dressing the electors there. He had the advan tage however over his opponent of having an orderly and attentive audience. Mr. Pring has a very genial manner and a very happy way of saying things, which takes immensely with his hearers and makes clap trap go down better than much cleverer ntterance. Mr.Pring's speech souudedcapitally, but it did not read so well in print. Tnere is a great deal in delivery—that most be admitted. Mr. Pring.is at one with Mr. Palmer on one point at least; he will not agree to keeping people sober by Act of Parliament, but he agrees with Mr. Palmer, as indeed with nearly every one else, that our licensing laws want reforming, as thev undonbtedlv do. Mr. Griffith occnDisd nearly the whole of his last meeting in explain ing away Mr. Palmer. With the smaller fry I won't trouble yon. Ton can imagine how South Brisbane is off for meetings when you learn that it possesses seven candidates and that the whole lot have meetings nearly every evening. One question which agitates the minds of both candidates and electors is the future position of squatters. There is a very general feeling, which extends to many c f the squatters them selves, that enough is not . being got out of the pastoral lands, of the colony; and how matters are to be improved without breaking faith with the pastoral tenants is the conundrum which has to be solved. The squatters as a rule do not mind paying an .increased rental for their runs so that they get a quid pro quo in the shape of long indefeasible tenures (say fourteen years) over at least part of their runs. Such an arrangement would be considered fair by •everybody almost. It would not apply to the runs in the railway reserves, nor to those in the settled districts, of which the leases expire very shortly. It is absurd, for instance, to expect pastoralists to go ont to the extreme west to open up new country without having something like a secure tenure, especially when by going a little further—into South Australia— they can secure such capital terms for them selves. We cannot by any possible means cover our immense territory with agriculturists for years to come, consequently we cannot venture to ignore the squatting interest. Mr. Palmer is right in saying that there is & great deal of claptrap about the no-squatter cry. The squatters are as well aware as anybody that they most retire before settlement and that the days of their monopoly are past. The position the squatter is to hold in the future is almost certain to be settled early in the new Parliament. A change in our system of immigration will also most likely be brought about. There is undoubtedly room for improvement. Many would like to see free immigration got rid of altogether and a return made tot he land-order system, as likely to induce a more satisfactory class of immigrants. Others again would like Government immigration in any shape dispensed with and our supply of settlers left to be settled by the law of supply and "demand. At the present moment, when the state of the colony is so bad and the labour market so overdone, it is hardly likely- that the immigration question will be fairly considered, bat it is certain that the system might be rearranged with advantage without disturbing the main principles. The kanaka question is one which candidates wonld like to avoid if they wmld. Tills is just tne of the questions the answer to Which if it pleases one section is bottnd to offend another. Mr, i Palmer raised a perfect whirlwind about his earn the other night when he declared his' con viction that the sugar industry oonld not be curried on without 'Chinese labour. Some "can didates compromise by saying they would allow Polynesian labour to die out gradually without any saddco change, hat they do not suggest a means of carrying out this idea. Polynesian, labour will only die out of its own accord when there ceases to be any demand for it. There is mora general agreement as regards the Chinese. The objection to the wholesale importation -of the Celestials is held by most Queen slanders. Punch, (did T toll yon we had established a Punch?) has a cartoon making funof the representative of Her Majesty, whose penchant for the yeHowskins *is well known. The domestic personnel of Government House is -inainly composed of Chinese—and very good servants they make—mid -one of the staff (domestic) has lately been-promoted to a seat m the dicKey of His Excellency's Victoria, in the room of an orderly (white) who refused the duty. Punch then has got a cartoon repre senting the Governor and Mr. Punch riding in the aforesaid Victoria with the Chinkey, duly umbrellaed, sitting in the rumble. Under the cartoon is some rather foggy letterpress, in which Mr. P., in answer to His Excellency, who enquires how his guest likes the turn-out generally, gives a hint that John is all very well in the back seat, but that care must be taken that he doesn't meddle with the reins, by which 1 imagine we are to understand that if the Chinamen are allowed to overrun the' land they will by-and by get the whiphand of us, which is a rather impotent conclusion. Bat the cartoon is very popular, as yon may -imagine. There are not nearly so many Chinamen coming to oar shores now as there were twelve months -back. The goldfields are offering no great temptation to them. Moreover the ra her rough treatment some of those now here have met with from, someof the Gold Wardens and their myrmidons has caused untemptihg news to be sent to the Flowery Land. November 9, 1878—the Prince of Wales's birthday—will be memorable for a tew days as' the day on which Brisbane was attacked by a hostile force. In other words the volunteers got up a sham fight, the programme consisting . of an attack on the capital by ope-half the force, representing by common consent the Bussians, and its defence by the other half. As at the time X write the umpires have not yet given their decision I am unable to tell you whether the city fell into the hands of the enemy or not. In the afternoon we were led to believe that the enemy had prevailed, because at about 5 o'clock one of liis batteries of artillery galloped into town and announced them selves in possession. They stated that they had circumvented the defending force by taking a circuitous route and crossing a creek by a bridge where no force was posted to defend it. The commander of the defence force, when he reached town last night, asserted that the city had never been taken at all- that though the hostile battery hid reached Brisbane in fact it had not done so in theory; that it had crossed abridge which had been blown up to prevent: the v< ry manoeuvre performed by the battery in question. The contention on the one side is, " We crossed an undefended bridge and got into Brisbane unobservedon the other, "You could not have got in by the way you assert be cause the bridge you crossed was blown up." We are most anxious to learn the decision of the umpires on this most momentous point. Non-military people suggest that all question might have been avoided by the com-' mander of the defence force ordering a placard to be raised on the bridge stating that" this bridge is blown up." I learn that the enemy were very much disheartened early in the pro ceedings by being told by their commander that they were bound to be beaten. This remark seems to me to have been injudicious. The knowledge of this fact should have been kept locked up in that commander's breast. In volunteer sham fights there should be in my idea no victory on either side. The battle should be drawn. Britons do not like to be beaten even in Fun, and I am quite sure that whichever force got the worst of yesterday's struggle as per decision of the umpires won't hear the last of it in a hurry. This sham fight reminds me of the terrible blunder we have made over this holiday. When ever a public holiday falls upon a Saturday, which is always a half-holiday for the Civil Service, and many others, a little pressure procures the proclaiming of the Monday as a holiday instead. This has been such an invariable rule of late years that everybody took it for granted that the same plan would be followed in regard to the Prince of Wales's birthday and all fixtures of sports, excursions, picnics, &c.;, were made for Monday. According to our Public Holidays Act, eight clear days proclamation must be made of any holiday . other than those named in the Act, and it was only when three days of the eight had elapsed that people discovered that Monday had not been proclaimed. requisitions were sent; on in not liaste to tne Colonial Secretary, but to no purpose. Like policemen, they came too late to be of any ser vice. The mischief was done. The Govern ment expressed their readiness to accede to the wishes of the people did the law permit, but it didn't. Then the people, angry at having their holiday muddled, wanted to know why the Go vernment had waited to be pressed on the sub ject. The answer to this was that as Monday was the last day for "paying into the Banks the caution-money in connection with the elections the Government did not like to inconvenience candidates unless it appeared that the public were anxious to have Monday proclaimed. My belief is that the matter slipped everybody's. mind, the Government included. A most extraordinary and unfortunately fatal accident occurred on the Northern Extension Railway a few days hack. A ballast train witfc many navvies on board was going at a rather fast pace past a spot where workmen were using a derrick when one of the guys by some means fell across the trucks, sweeping away the whole of the men in the last one. Five men were killed and thirteen more or less seriously wounded. An enquiry into the canse of the accident is now being held, and we shall hear in a day or two whether the unfortunate navvies have been hurried to their graves by carelessness. or through pure accident. I have still the same tale to tell of commercial depression, and I don't know when I shall be able to change my story. Things are if any thing worse than they were. One vety respectable wholesale firm has succumbed during the week, and more are expected to follow directly. The moral atmosphere of Brisbane is vety depressing just now, and head-shaking appears to have become chronic. There are no signs -of credit reviving as yet. Seth Peterson, whose Real Property Office and other frauds have done so much to destroy confidence, has been committed for trial on four charges, including the making away with £900 belonging to the South Brisbane School of Arts. He denies nothing and absolves all his fellow officials from any complicity in his crimes. The Royal Commission to enquire into the working of the Real Property Office has already had two sittings. At the second the Com missioners very wisely decided to admit the representatives of the Press to hear the pro ceedings. At present nothing of the least public interest has transpired. The Registrar General appeared at the last sitting and handed in u bulky report with particulars of the working of the Office in the past, apd suggestions for its better working in the future, with hints for the avoidance of frauds —shutting the stable door in fact after the steed is stolen. We are red hot upon cheap narrow gauge railways. Judging from what a large number of candidates say the experiment of one of this kind of lines from Bouth Brisbane to the Southern border is likely to be tried. If it is Mr. Angus Mackay may fairly claim to have brought the thing about. It will he a proud day for. him .when -his American, experiences are brought to bear in a practical maimer on our railway-system. . Mr. Mackay has -made a con vert of Mr. Ballard, the Engiueer-in-Chief of the Central and Northern Railways, who pro poses to adopt his plan almost without altera tion. It will be a grand thing to have this question of cheap mil ways' scSved -by actual ex periment. - - - The coldest-blooded, hardest-hsarted cynic most have been -softened 'fey a sight which dis tressed us a few days ago. The railway em ployes, their wires and children, to the number of 800, came -down from Ipswich (which is the Crewe of oorSouthern 'Bail way) for their annual holiday. It was a pouring wet day, and a large number of the excursionists spent, their day in standing up out of the raim—a' melancholy sight. The men—some of them—drowned their sorrows in the bowl, while others amongst the holiday-makers net having enough of the watery element in town betook themselves down the river in a steamer. The 300, dripping and -dis consolate, left for Ipswich, home, and -dry clotfees at h o'clock in the evening. 