TALES kM SKETCHES.: THE MONKS OF THELEMA.* A NEW NOVEL,1 **?:??:??:???.-?:'?'???? -\ i 'WAI/TEE BESANT AND JAMES RICE Authors ov 'Heady Mohey Mortiboy,' 'Thb GoiDEH BCTTEIIPLY,' &C;, &C.; Chapter XXVI. ? ' ' ?? Away,' sho criod, ' ' grave heart and solemn' sighs ! Kiss and be merry : preach the sermon after. t : Givo mo the careless dance and twinkling eyes ; . Let me be wooed with kisses, songs, and laughter.' : Alma's delirium of trnmph reached its climax ? on tho Sunday morning when/ in self -conscious grandeur, she ambled up the aisle behind Her mother. Alan was not in the church, being, as 'las fiancee presently reflected with a jealous parig, BMfefc likely.. with Miss Dalmeriy. This circum j stance, however, was perhaps fortunate, because ' even Alan's loyalty might hardly have stood the : test of that triumphal march up the aisle, that , tossing of the head which made his betrothed an object of envy to a few and of sniggering con tempt to many. Those who most envied, longed, and bitterly reproached the partiality of fate, Ware especially the two young ladies who just ' missed the golden apple. What had they done ?that Alma alone should be singled out for this _ special good fortune 1 As for those Sisters of the ; Older who Trere attending the service, feelings of , quite peculiar wonder and pity for their un fortunate Brother passed across their minds and .hindered their devotions. Harry was not at ? ehnrch either, a fact which Alma speedily ascertained by looking for him in his usual 'place. She was'Borfy for .that, too. She felt that sho could have enjoyed furtively contemplating his 'llack looks. The girl was dressed in a Bimple Btuff, which Alan asked her mother, whose taste , he could trust, to buy for her'. She resented the simplicity of the costume, which' she would have i preferred, I think, mada up in red velvet, the splendor of which would have increased the envy of other maidens, and she resented certain en forced restrictions as to ribbons, of which Bhe : would have liked an assortment in various' colors. But she had the sense to give way, on the hint from her mother that Mr. Dunlop would prefer a quiet dress, ' You've got,' eaid her mother severely, 'to try and be a lady — to look as, I mean — if you can, I've never interfered with your bits of finery, ' though many's the time it's gone to my heart to see a gell of mine go about for all the world like a gipsy wench round a may-pole. But I know what Mr. Dunlop is used to, and you've got to 'lake my advice now. Lord! Lord 1 What an ; unnatural thing it is, to be sure 1' , . ' Ab if I was the only girl in the world that a . gentleman has fallen in love with.' \ ' Fallen in love !' echoed her mother. ' Fallen in love, indeed ! And with you! Why, what's 1 your good looks compared to Miss Miranda or Mies Nelly or any of the young ladies at the Court? And what's your silly saucy ways com pared with their beautiful talk ? And what sort of manners have you got, I should like to know, compared with theirs? Fallen in love! It's all , & part of the poor young gentleman's craziness.' She went about her work, this unnatural mother, with lips that moved in silent talk, because she waa greatly disturbed in her mind, ' It seemed to her honest soul like treachery 1 towards the memory of her dead mistress. And, as she told Alma, she knew ladies and sho know the, ways that gentlemen are used to. ' Your manners I' she went on, piling it .up— Ihia sort of truth. telling is really very painful, ' Whatever in the world Mr. Dunlop will say when he sees you sit at your dinner, I don't ?Published by special arrangement with the a tawfl, All rights reserved. know. You take your victuals— wolf, yon take 'em like your father. And I can't say ; worse for you.' ??''??? :- ! :. ' 'You had botter tell father so,' returned Alma, 'But, mother, now,' she put on her coaxing way, '.'if you'll tell mo, little by little, you know, because I can't learn it all at once, what I'll: have to altar, I'll try. I really will. And you should like to see mo a real lady, shouldn't you ?' But Mrs. Bostock shook her head. 'I shall never seo that,' aho Baid,' 'Ladies are born and bred, not made to order. Lord bless yon, child, you'll never make more than a tin-kettlo lady.' This was not tho opinion of her father, who accepted the position aa one duo to the singular merit of his daughter and the fact of his own training. The Bailiff, in fact, spent his time, how, chiefly in self-laudation. He assumed the importance which seemed to befit the post of 'ihe Squiro's father-in-law. He went to market and talked loudly of his son-in-law ; he more thin hinted at important changes about to bo made u\ the management of the estates : and he patronised those large tenants to whom he had before been servile. . , ' Needless to Bay that the voice of popular opinion, as expressed by tho tenants, was that the Squire, of whose sanity thcro had long been grievous doubt, wa3 now gone stark-staring mad. Some among. them wanted to got up a deputation to Lord Alwyne asking for. ad vice and assistance ; but this fell through. Alma's hours of triumph were fewer than those which hor father enjoyed. To sit in church and feel that the eyes of Weyland maidenhood wero on you, with looks of envy' and longing, was grand. Bat during the long week, the six days of labor, there was no soul-ennobling solace to be 'got. All day long, tho future mistress of Wey land Court wont on with her '.accustomed labor : milked the cows and fed tho fowls ; made tho butter and pooled the potatoes. 'I thought,' she eaid to her mother, ' that you wanted me to be a lady. Ladies don't scour milk-pans.' 'If ladies don't scour milk-pans,' roplied tho woman of experience, 'they do something else. If you didn't do the housework, you'd sit with your hands in your lap, or you'd go out and get into mischief. That's not the way to be a lady. Talk o'you gollc ! You think that a lady's got nothing to do but lazy away her idle time. ' I haven't patience with you. And you to marry a gentleman !' Before this unlucky, engagement Mrs. Bostock had got on fairly well with her daughter. Thero wero skirmishes, dexterous exchanges of rapier thrusts between tongues as sharp as steel, in which one gave and the othor took,,or the reverse^ with equal readiness. And neither boro malice. Also, both stood side by side against the common enemy. Stephen Bostocki as parent and husbandi' was alternately morose and ferocious. In the fbrmeTmood ho had to be met with silence or short.answers ; in the latter, ho had to be stood up to.. Whon he was meditating Bcheines of plunder he was morose ; when his schemes failed, which generally happened, because success in roguery requires as much acutenoss as success in honest undertakings, he became ferocious. And ; on thoso occasions it would have been delightful for the bystander^ woro there any, to witness how, by full facers from his wife and! half-aside ' cheek' from bis .(jaugbtor, the. unhappy man would be goaded into rages; which left nothing to be desired except a victim. 'Very bandyj' as Harry Cardew observed—' Very handy he was, ,'cept when there was a man about.' Bat of late years he had abstained, probably from fear of the consequences, from actually carrying his threats into execution and beating his offspring into a mash. Things had gone badly with the Bostocks until the head of the house was appointed Bailiff. Then, things went better. Ab it was easy to cheat the Squire, and operations of quite an extensive character began with the very com mencement, gloomy morosenesa became the silence of thoughtful reflection, and habitual ferocity was softened into the occasional damn. But, in this sadden and unexpected access of good fortune, the chances of Harry Cardew sank lower and lower. The honest gamekeeper found himself more and more unwelcome at the farm house, until one day, a few months before Alma's engagement, he was informed in no measured terms by the, Bailiff, that a yffung man of like calling and social position with himself could by no means be- accepted as a candidate for his daughter's hand. The Bailiff put his point in coarae but vigorous English. It made a short sentence, and it left no possible room for doubt or mistake. He weakened it by a threat of per sonal violence which, addressed to the young giant before him from one so puffy and out of con dition as himself, was ludicrous; but the rulo, as lawyers say, was absolute. Harry must cease his visits. And presently came this rosy, this sapphire-and amaranth-tinted position of things ; when the Bailiff's daughter, not of Islington, but of Weyland, was actually engaged to be married to the Squire. Then it was that Stephen Bostock assumed the airs of superiority that so riled and offended the farmors. Thcu it was that he walked the fields in the even ing revolving great dreams of agricultural rale, Then it was that he looked- through the veil which generally, hides the misty ways of futurity, and saw himself, Stephen Bostock, living [in great splendor, held in much honor of all men, drinking quantities of brandy and water among a circle of worshippers and smoking a pipe among other pipes, all of which wore myrrh and frank incense offered to himself, the wise, the crafty, the successful Bostock. $hen it was that he began to fondle, to caress, and to cuddle his only child, until his endearments became painful, even insufferable, to the young lady ; and she would rnn away and hide herself to get out of his ? way. And then it was that he discovered that his wife, whom»he had hitherto roverenced as a porson intimately acquainted, through her ex periences as lady's maid, with the habits, customs and predilections of the aristocracy, was really no thing better than a shallow pretender to this kind of knowledge, because she objected, from the very beginning, to hor daughter's engage ment with tho Squire. ^ You may swear, Stepberj,' auo would Bay* when Alma was in hor bed, and hor husband was contemplating thinga through tho rosy light which comes oat of tho third or fourth tumbler of grog — ' You may swear, Stephen^ aa much as you like. And what a man would do without swearing, smoking, and drinking, tho Lord only knows. Swearing can't make things different] and it's unnatural. It's unnatural, I say.' When Stephen first found his appropriate ad jective for the situation, ho slapped his leg in rejoicing. When Mrs, Bostock found hors, she cut tho thread with which sbo waa working being a woman who was perpetually sewing—with a sharper snap than usual. Stophen sworb again', but with a murmurous tone of satisfaction, because the light upon tho future was growing more roseate, more beauti ful. . ,\, , :. . / . : ' A son-in-law,' he said, ' as is tho Squiro of this groat CBtate ; a son-in-law worth— ah !— his twenty thousand a year j a son-in law as is, between you and mo, wife, a littlo loose in the upper story ; that kind o' son-in-law doesn't grow on every bush, and is to be encouraged when he does come. Encouraged ho shall be. Fooled he shall be, if I can fool him. And hen pecked he will bo, for sure and certain, when our Alma once gets her tongue- free, and hor tail well up, and hor claws out. And as regards wild cats, I will say that, for a wild cat, once you wake her up, there's no gell in all Weyland like my gell.' ' Yes,' said her mother,' ' she's the Bostock temper, As for my family, we're that meek ' You are,' replied the husband, finishing his tumbler: 'you're as mcok as tho Irish pig : ? :-' He did not explain thia allusion, which remains obscure. It. will be seen that these influences were not the highest or the most promising which could bo brought to bear on tho mind of a young woman about to marry a young man oppressed with great possessions. But Alma had been brought up under them, and know no other. ; It will also bo seen that the outlook to Alan, in search of a helpmeet, would have seemed to him, bad he known as much as wo know, sufficiently dark. All day long spent in household and dairy labor: and then, alas ! all tho evening to be got through with hor unintelligible lover. Poor Alma ! Poor elect-bride I They tilked and walked, these fine July ovenings, chiefly in ?? the. garden of tho farm, that long/ strip of ground planted ' with raspberry-canes,; and .gooseberry-bushes, and walled on either, hand by an apple-orchard. In the dusk and sweet summer twilight they walked up and down tho. narrow walk, arm in arm, while Alan discoursed and Alma, tried to listen, failed to understand, and let her thoughts run off on Harry. More than once she.. saw the unlucky, gamekeeper at tho 'garden gate, looking wistfully into the garden like the Peri into Paradise, and her heart leaped1 up, and it wanted but' a word, a bockoniagj from her humble lover to make '- her flare allj throw down; thering of KiDg Cophetua, ?and rush to' the place where she would fain be, the arms of the man who knew her for what ahe was, and did not believe her to be a saint. For really poor Mr, Dunlop was too unbear able. ? '' '??'? ?'? ? ' ;;:- ??'???????. ? Doos any girl, couWany girl/ like being im proved after her engagement or her : marriage i I . once knew a man who was very, very intellectual, - He was quite familiar with everything that' is lofty, abstruse, and unintelligible ; : he ' read' his . Fortnightly with .more regularity than his Bible ; he lived, so to speak, and found his nourishment entirely in the Higher Criticism ;' Mill, Bain, and Herbert Spencer wore far, far behind him ; ' and yet h'e used to cross his two hands across his massive browj and say what we want— moaning mankind at large, including himself— Is More Brain Power. This maCinarried a wife, and re solired, as he told his friends, upon moulding hdr. Many men, have resolved upon moulding their ? wives, and have not discovered until too late that their wives have moulded .them. My friend began very much as Alan Dunlop began, only mutatis mutandisi He did not lecture her, or teach her. He got her a ticket for ithe British Museum Library, took her thero, and looked out useful books, for, her to read— Mill, Bain, and Spencer, the olementary prophets. No ono, of course, will be surprised to. hear thoond of this mournful reminiscence Tho young -mf.o made the acquaintance of a young man whossat next to her, and was engaged at a low wage in the Trans lation Department of tho eminent publishers, Messrs. Boguopoguo, GulcMt and Co. I believe he was weak in French, and used to ask his fair neighbor for help itr difficult passages. One day they went out at' a. luncheon-timo together. Neither of them returned their books, and neither of them ever came back again. And there was great unpleasantness afterwards. Similarly, there ia the well-known case of the {esthetic man — one is almost ashamed to quote it —who wanted to train hia wife in true prin ciples of Art, and used to carry her about to Picture Galleries and make her sit for hours in front of Martyrs and Saints going to bo tortured, till she grew at last to take a savage and unchris tian pleasure in thinking that those heads with the golden halos held on one Bide, and those figures stuck out ecclesiastically stiff, would shortly bo roasting at the stake. , She revenged herself by dressing one night when they wore dining with quite awfully aesthetic people in a costume of zed, green, and yellow. Her husband caught sight of it in the middle of dinner. They carried him away, and his wife went with him. Just as he rallied and came round,. ho saw it again. In his weak condition it was too much. She is a widow now, with no taeto at all for Art, Alan Dunlop, rapidly discovering that his future, wife was not aa yet quite the young per son ho had dreamed of, resolved, like our friends, tho Intellectual and the Artistic Prigs, to 'mould' his wife. He moulded her in two waye^ First, he lent her books to read. The books he chose were those to which ho owed, he thought, the ideas which most governed his own life. Among these were Raskin's Two Paths, the Sesame and Lilies, and a selection from the Fors Clavigera. Ho forgot that what a man takes away from a book is precisely what he brings to it, only that much developed that hia mind is like tho soil already planted, digged about for air and light, and weeded of false notions, Alma, poor girl, brought nothing to tho study of tho ' Fora' but a blank mind. She undorstoodno-ainglo word. Pirst, sho, did try to read the books : read on, page after page, al tfaongh the words had ho meaning,' and, when she put tho volumes down, loft nothing behind them but a sort of blurr, hazo, and bad dream of mean ingless sentencos which scorned to follow hor, to whisper their gibberish in her ear, and to haunt her dreams at night like devils and ghosts. That plan would clearly nover do,' ' Then sho hit upon another. She would learn a bit and try to ropeat it, to show that sho really had read the whole, This succeeded tolerably tho first evening, but on the socond sho broke down suddenly and horribly collapsed, went off into nonsense, and finally foundered altogether. The second mothod adopted by Alan was to lecturo his fiancee. Ho spent hours every day in expounding the clcmontaryprinciplos of his philosophy, and ho hoped that sho would readily grasp the Bcicnco in which womon aro Supposed to havo done so much— social and political economy. Ho hoped that Bho would become a second Harriot Martineau. As a matter of fact, I bo liovo that tho success of women in political economy is duo to their acceptance of unproved theories as if thoy wore truths demonstrated beyond all doubt. By this mothod thoy have built up a structure which spiteful poople say will go to pieces in tho first galo of wind. How ever, Alma listened, and understood nothing. Tho lecturer went on, but his words poured into her ears while her thoughts were far away. And then thero followed a vory curious state of things. ? ' While Alan talked, Alma allowed hor thoughts to wander away. She listened mechanically, prepared to smile and murmur when his voice ceased for a moment. Now, after the first pre amble with which Alan opened up tho subject of his ongagoment and exposed his rdasons, ho took it for granted that Alma understood exactly why he wantod to marry her and how they woro to live. Alma, who had forgotten all about tho preamblo, which she never understood, looked on her marriage as olevation to tho rank of a lady, dreamed continually of Wojland Court, and lot Alan go on talking of their futuro in his obscure manner without interruption. That sho was to go on living in the village would have seemed too absurd. Far botter brave all and ruarry Harry Cardew. ' But what a lover ! ' And what an engagomont ! And nover a kiss; never a handsqueeze, novor the least sigh ; only a grave, ' How dp you do, Alma?' or 'Good-night, Alma,' with a cold shake of the hand and a look of ? those deep, grave, blue oyes which always whon they mot hor own made the country girl tremble and shake to think of long days and nights to bo spont always beneath their solemn, almost reproachful gaze. What a lover I What an ongagomqrit ! And, oh ! bliss-r^to run out for five minutes only, when Mr, Dunlop was gone, to meet Harry in' tho orchard, and he with his arnv round her waist like a man, and ready with his honest old lipa upon her cheek. And; ah ! Heaven! if her fathor, or hor mother, or Mr, Dunlop himself should over know ! t After the political economy Alan' proceeded to the difficulties which more immediately occupied him, connected with the reform of the lower classes. He gave her a lecture on temperance, which was not needed, because her, father, no , 'doubt from the highest of motives, hadfrequcntly enacted the Helot before' her; and like all women of hor class, she regarded drink with : tho loathing that comeB of experience., Then ho spoke of woman's influence over other women. Alina regarded this as a question : of authority. Had she been placed over half a hundred maids she would have ruled them all, or known tho reason why ; and she failed to comprehend what Alan moant whon he talked beautifully about tho . common bond of womanhood, and the sweetness of , woman's sympathy with other women. Alma thought of Black Bess and regretted that she was not strong enough to shake her, because she knew that young person to be harboring thoughts of malice and revengo against herself. Alan went on to talk of tho sympathies of class with class, of the natural tendency of human naturo to form itself into strata, of the difficulties of passing from one to the other — Alma thought, that Bho herself would pass with tho greatost ease from the lower to the higher— and of the helpful nature of alliances formed between members of one and anothor. 'He is really quite mad,' thought the girl. And he tried to draw a picture of a pair living together, dovoted like any Comtist to tho enthusiasm of Humanity: working out problems in civilisation, leading up wards to tho Highor Culture whole droves of smock- frocks, navvies, roughs, whose principal delights theretofore had boon beer- drinking, pipe smoking, leaning against posts, and kicking their wives. 'Harry,' cried Alma one evening after nearly a week of this, 'He moat drives mo mad, ho does. Either he talks like a schoolmaster, or else he talks like a parson in a pulpit, Ho's not like a man. Preach ? Every day and all day. And goodness gracious only knows what he says. What does he take me for Y* ' Hoart up, pretty,' Baid Harry. ' Heart up. He shan't have you. Never you fear.' ' Ah !' she sighed sentimentally. ' I should like to be mistresB of Weyland Court. That would be grand, if lie wasn't there too. And yet, to have him always looking at mo with those solemn eyes of hig as if — well— as if he was' going to begin another sermon ; it's hardly worth it, Harry. And after all, everybody must like a man better than a preaching doll. And true love— oh j Harry— what a thing that is to read about in tho story-books !' ' Ay— Alma— it is. Truo Love will wash, aB tho song sayB.' ' And then—' sho burst into a low laugh— 'only think, Harry, what a rage father would bo in. He'd go round — how ho would go round ! And he couldn't beat me to a mash, aa he used to say he would, because—' ' Because,' said Harry huskily, ' I'd b«at any man to a hundred mashes as offered to raiao his hand again my little girl.' Chapter XXVII. Miranda allowed a fortnight to pasu aftor Alan's engagement before sho drove over to mako a closer acquaintance with tho young lady, her future sister-in-law, aa ahe began to say to herself. Mrs, Bostock was a friond of many years' standing, but with her daughter Miranda[ .'.' had but littlo intercourse, and with' the great Stophen Bostock, hor husband, nono at all. -It, was thoroforo lucky that when sho drovo over ta the farm, tho Bailiff whoso approaching connoo* tion with tho Great caused him to assumo ovtav whelming airs, graces, and ease of familiarity/ was out on tho farm, bullying the laborers, Alma,' too, was down in tho village on somo quoat of hq- own, and Mrs. Boatock aloao was in the placo. ' tq receive hor visitor, Sho was ashamod and confused, this ex-lady 'd maid. It soomod a dreadful thing to hor that Miss Miranda, of all pooplo in tho world, should come to her house under tho circumstances. ' For, like anybody else, oho rogardod hor daughtor an ono about to stop into tho place long rcsorvod foi Miss Dalmony, ' -? ' Oh ! doar, Misa Miranda,' sho criod. 'la it you ? Come in, do. And I moro than half, ashamed to look you in the face. Lot him wall* tho pony into tho shade. And where will yot( sit ? In tho porch ? Well, it is fresh' and airy bore, with tho flowers and all. And how wcl^ you aro looking, and what a lovely frock you'vfl got on I But you always wero es boautiful aa flowers in May.' ' ' Perhaps tho fino feathers mako a fino bird^ Mrs. Bostock.' i But Mrs. Bostook ahook her head. ' No,' sho said. ' That's what thoy say, but it's nonsonao. 'Tis but a jay in peacock's plumes^1 all dono and ended. That's what I say to Alma : ' Trick yoursolf out,' I Bay, 'just aa you like.' It's what I say to Bostock, and it makoa hiiri mad. 'Put what you like on thogoll.'I say,' ' and she's Alma Bostock still.' Lady 1 Not i\ bit of a lady. You might — ' hor oyes wandored from the flower to tho vogotablo garden—' Yott might as well plant a onion in the flowcr-bod and think you'll got a tulip.' ' I came to see you on purposo aboni Alma.' Mrs. Boatoclr,' a little relieved by iho tleoU' ration of sontimonls which, sho felt, did-, hoi credit in Miranda's oyes, sat down in tho porch, opposite hor visitor with folded hands. It waa a pretty little rustic porch, with rosos and honey* Fuckle climbing about tho aides, like a cottage, porch on tho stago. , f 'Yob,' Miranda ropeatod.; 'I camo to BOfl you about Alma, now that sho is going to ? bo a kind of sister-in-law.' ' '? 'No, Miss Miranda, I won't havo that said,1 Thero'a shamo and foolishness already in letting her marry Mastor Alan to gratify a whim. Don't lot her novor say that she's your Biator-in.IaW.' Sister, indood. I'd siEter her. And nothing but inisory boforo him.' '. ' = .. , Thia way of looking at things diaconcortod Mj- randa, who had oxpectod a sorb of apologetic triumph, '. . ' Why misery ?' she asked.' 'For every reason, Mia3 Miranda,' said Mrs,'1 Bostock, ' First, Mr. Dunlop don't caro for ihji goll, not as a goll should be garcd for ; and jjg- cond, tho goll don't caro for him. And if that wasn't enough, I aak you what pleasuro in Ufa can ho have with a goll who isn't a lady 1 J^dA. nothing will make hor a lady noithor.' - T' ' Mrs. BostocK spoke from her oxporionco of gpil* tlefolk, and what she eaid waa true enough, tvs Miranda vory well know, , ' ' But tho caso ia unusual,' aho pleaded,1 ' Alan wanta to marry a girl who will holn him in hiaplana oE life. Suroly, Mrs. Bostook, jotf must own that he is tho most disinterested and the noblest of mon.' . ?/ ' Stuff an' nonsonso 1' repliod tho Bailiff!^ wife. 'Lot poor poople alone to worry througli: in their own way. And as for Alma helping him/ if ovor she is hia wifo, which I can't boliovo will: over be, ao unnatural it is, she won't alirhoj( littlo finger for anybody but herself. And aa ioi joining in this, that and tho other, all aho Uanksj about now, day and night, is ti bo mistress of Weyland Court. And if it wasn't for that I don't boliovo even hor fathor would mako hor marry him.' , ?. : ' Oh 1 but, Mra. Bostock. Your own daugh. tori' , , . . 'If a mother don't know hor own child, np ono knows her. Alraa'a growed up at my aproa- strings, and I know her ways. Ihoro'o only, cub thing for her, and that's a Btrong man whom eha will bo afraid of. She's afraid of Air. Dunlop, irt a way ; but not tho way I moan ; and when she's got over her shyness with him, she'll begin hoi trickfl. Why, already, Bho'a decoivod him; at ovory turn.' ' ' How ?' i . ' He gives hor books to read,' Sho pro^ tends to read them. Sho loams littlo bite and says them by heart, so as to make him think that she haa read them all* Deepf There's no telling hotv doop the gell ie. After all, we were all gells onco, and many'o' the time I've told a lib to my lady whon 1 ran out for a minute, to meet my Stophon in tho stable-yard. Bat tben I was not going to- stiofe myaelf up for a lady.' ? 'i Thero was a cortaia amount of personal' jealousy in Mrs. Bostock 'a feeling?. She had hitherto prided herself in hor lady's-maid'u; position and the knowledge it gave her of gentle* folks' ways. Now, this auperiiv'ly, as soon, as hor daughter was promoted to the actual position, of a lady, would bo reft from her. Also, sho. had a genuine feeling that tho honor of tho Dunlop family waa impugned by this mcszlli n:«. Need less to repeat that her husband sympathised with neither of the3e feelings, but on the contrary, used violent languago on what ho waa pleased to consider tho unnatural attitude of a mother. t It waa not pleasant for Miranda to hear that tho girl on whom Alan built auch hopeB was bo^ ? ginning with little deceptions. ' But,- Mrs. Bostock,' she said, trying to make an excuse, ' Alma is vory young, and we must mako allowances. Sho does not understand that , it would bo better to (ell him clearly that the books aro at prcsont too hard for hor. Sho will find out, presently, that it is best to have no concealment from him.' ? Mrs. Bostock sniffed, and tossed her head. ' 'You young ladies,' Bhe said, ' littlo know? What with shifts and straits, and bad temper, and violent ways, most gells go on for ever with some deception or another. Sometimes I wonder if I ? was ever bo sly. And they think that no ono Bees I through them,'.' 'ItiB bocauBe they do not know/' said Mi* ;randa, V&ow.; much better it always is to bo rporfoctly and entirely open with everybody.' 'It's thoir nature to,' Baid Mrs. Boatock. 'But you must .. let . me do what I can,' ..Miranda continued. , -c IE Alma will let me be ihor friend, ono may: do a great deal more by ?talking, and— and by example than by finding ,'^aalt, I want to help her for the sake of Alan, jjou know, ontiroly.' f ' Yes, Miss Miranda, I do know. And after 'being with htm for so many yeata like— Uko ' Like brother and sister.' 'Like brother and sister together, it must bo ^nothing short, of dreadful to see him tako up with ? our Alma.' 'Not quite dreadful,' said Miranda kindly. 'Of course we should all have preferred to soe. iliim marry in his own rank.' 'And Lord Alwyne,' too ! Poor dear gentle. ;jaau !' sighod Mrs. Bostock with real sympathy. *'!But thoro — here's Alma coming homo with the fal-lals she went out to buy.*' 