Old Letters. Ay, burn them, now, for all who wrote Those words no eye but mine hath read, . Long since have shared the common lot, And moulder with the dead. X-ld letters, penned in happier years, By those who iloved me, now farewell ; Worn with. oft reading, stained with tears, What joys and griefs your pages tell J 2fow to the flames, and as you burn, ? Ghosts from your ashes shall arise ; The forms that made you wilt return, And sanctify the sacrifice. 4-eixersirom nome are Darning now, And those who made home glad appear ? A sad, sweet smile illomes each brow, As of regret that I am here. This from a wayward brother's hand ; His was a hard and gloomy fate ; ' A stronger in a stranger's land, He cried for help, but all too late. Here's one that I have treasured more Than all' the precious store beside ; Whaft heavenly ecstasy it bor--, For she would be my bonnie bride. See I her white face is passing by. Paler, but very like the life ; Why paler 1 Is the reason why Because she was another's wife ? So, all are gone ; the fire fades ; The ashes here and there are blows ; Gone are the letters, gone the shades— And ww, indeed, I am alone. ' Don't talk to me about Switzerland !' ?exclaimed a young lady who had just come .home from the foreign tour. '? It's a horrid place ! All mountains, and lakes, and glaciers, and hardly a young man to be seen !' 'I want the dining- room walls,' the ; North High street man said to the kalso miner; 'tinted blue; not a very decided blue ; but a tint blue enough to show that it is blue; just the' color of milk,' he -v^gaddenly a^edj .as the clamor of the mUkman's£-*l in the street gave him an inspiration. A has who had unfortunate habit of interrupting when others were talking, once interrupted Daniel Webster, who, looking at him, -with frowning brows, said : ' Please make haste with your story, lest I forget mine.' He interrupter didn't tell his story with much effect. Daniel Fender concluded a letter, asking his precious Angeline to be his, as follows : '' Say yes. my precious Angeline, and I will forever be your faithful D. Feeder,' Daniel thought that was a happy hit, and so did his ' precious An geline.' ( v 