;: '.. isifioiWiyTeia;; ? ; ^MY EKPERIENGES OF SPIRITUAL58M. '.'. ' : ; By P. '!-' -' ' Great intellect and profound erudition ? are not absolute securities against' the fpllioa t' of; the. time or the pretensions of cunning ' onarlatana. Extremes often meet, and1 it ?baa bcen-a'asortsd that genius, is not 'far, 'to- _ .'moved- from madness. iTewton, Swift, nComte and many others ?were aotually road -, ftti times; Swedenborg, who was a man of -' science, waa also a mystic. It ia unsafe, * even, if we were'jnclined, to follow autho ' rity . in matters of speculative inquiry. ' JB| very ago has its delusions, and so long as . tho possibility of delusion lasts, ah earnest ,' youngster in search of the truth that, a3 : fibme tell us, has but to be heard or discerned ' !n,ordertobe believedandacknowledged, finds ? , .^ioJuas a task as difficult as tho labors of Sisy ; phua* He no eooner reaches tho summib of one barrier to his researches than he finds ' another before him more inaccessible, and on t Reaching that -wider and grander vision finds ' bis horizon extended, but the limits of know . :- ledge as inexorably confined as when he . stood lower down. He gains a notion of 1 matter .to become staggered with iramensi. .ties ; of space to become dazed with dis , lances ; ce cannou reanso ana oniy learns to .' comprehend hi3 own littleness by learning , what a. trifle the world 13 on which ho lives ^ when compared to the illimitable cpaci in \- which revojve tho measurable immensities of matter, of the beginning, luo-end, tlie.es-, ', pence and purport of which we know, liothjiig. _ 1 jJeyond the boundaries of tho kuo.wu U the' '?? unknown, and no hope is held out by-aago ' or saint that we shall ever reach that point ; . of vantage when wo shall be able to conceive, . : much less see, all that is, If not content: WQ.naua.t, perforce, abide .by tho conditions, i ijf.bur existence, and may as well devote J'i;6uraelye3 to 'those questions that meet us on . ! .our own limited arena. As we oannot get ' ' outside the- world we may as well take tho ,l;roublo to make our habitation us good and \ lyholeaqme ,as possible. The readiness with. ' iWUlvIl ' tUU UpifXbo Ui UUU UU£JaLraU'i;uuio uu. ':??? consult with us or to instruct u3 is a cheerful ' If rather a confusing indication that we are ' , not so badly off here as some people would . have U3 believe, and that the spiritual world ; is not.ao entirely of the blissful order aa 'to ( \- make its inhabitants forget and entiroly 1 neglect their earthly associations. I have } ' always .regarded Spiritualism r.n makiug ,: claim to be a new evangel, and not, an Mra. Britten, recently indicated in her interesting ; lecture at the Opera House, an old recognised :? reality of past ages. It is fascinating, but not cheerful, to find ourselves a link in the ' great chain of events, to kuow that the '... .Assyrians,, Phoanicians and Egyptians bad -:; tho. ad vantage of spiritual communications .'? without its saving them from degradation, ?' : and ''destruction. What har failed through '? 11,11 the .ages is not likely to benefit the p'rc'soui , time. J^pw tae doctrine or lapauty ca,u d0 ike foot-print of angels ia more mysterious 1\. than instructive. ? It is impossible to deny, if one wished to, ['..''4? so, i^hat the Spiritualists haye some v.ery j^ble.and oxoellent men andwomen amongst ,' jjhem,. whosa/ motives cannot be gainsayed, ; -.and-. here and there a gentleman of scientific ? -acquirements and a prof. essor ? or two whose \- intellectual, or at least educational, status. '*: .are unquestionable ; b.ut. .so can Mormonism * and every other ism or. monstrosity, fckat 1 mankind elovates into a religion or a' polity,' ' produce iia educated devotees, Ife skilled' '','. rhetoricians, its professors of logic and iria , . ^aeina'tica, who, if. you will granV their ;. ; ,x»reiuises, will syllogise . ypa into a logical ? . -dilemma with the greatest of ease. The late 1 Geoi'ge Cruikshank, in 1863, published a ? ..'sjliUing took called 'A discovery concern ' i^fi; 1 gj^oata, with ft,:Kap at thp Spjrit ; . rp^app.erfl. ' This was .. about the time ,qf . tihe , 1 /first appear anbe in England of the Daven;. ' -porf Brothers. His discovery was one that had bepn made by many' other3, and w,aa '' 'with myself the great difficulty that brought jjno upw^.th a round turn, aa the sailors say ; Land .whatever had been tho effect of spiritual ; ^manifestations on my imagination the judg ? mentalwaya came back to the abaurdity of' .seeing the spirit $ a man's coat or of a 1 lWpman'a- dress. The Bgjnfa tfyat ar,o seen, ', .lilce the 'fihosta of other days, all come :.. Pressed; 'Can .there,' saya Cruikshank, ; ' be such things aa tho gho3ts of wearing ' 'ppparol, iron armor, walking sticks and : ^h'pveh ;' fand he asks Dr. Hibbert, who . , .fcejieyea in apparitions properly apparelled, / ? : ! but is opposed to Spiritualism, 'to toll him \- ofwhat a' pair, of buckskins are mado and '. ; ,what a pair of topbootp are mado of, and V ' ^bother ,tlip'ae ma,tbfials ara spiritualised by .. , ^ny process, and whether (in largo capitals) j , the clothes we wear on our bodieo becomo a ?part and parcel of our souls ?' So ho go'sa V on for a.pageor iwo, . giving a clever sketph of the ghost of a pair of stockings, of an old Salt with two wooden legs, which, if evor. his spirit revisited, tho. purlieus of Greenwich ; Hospital, will have to be spiritualised too. Poor old departed George, you were .ever clever at: characterising but indifferent in an argument ; ? etching- needle or pencil in hand and few- could qomneto with yoir, but when' ; you come to; chop logic you aro nowucro. Wh^jtherejis no more difficulty about aopat or a sbiirt.than there.ia about, llegh. and bone. Tiir.e was wiie.h all that appeared waa a man's ibqnss, r.nd a ekeletori was the beau ideal oi an. apparition/ but now wo have altered all that, and spirits appear materialiaed. all over, just. as they were., on earthy As to change, of raiment, alteration of dress, or whether ono garment laflta for ever I cannot say. Tho, only spirit to whom I have been- introduced wore a turban and white cotton burnous, which was convenient in moro ways than one. v The particulara of the interview having boon given, in my previo.u^-.cpmmuni-, catioD, all tbat I propose now is to relate how I camo to be present at the searice where I saw' the spirit referred to. ' ; . InlS73, being in England, I was aeked by. a .Vic.toj'i&n; fi'iend, to attend a seance .at, a celebrated.. modiom's, knovvn a3. Mr. ?Wiiliams. I accepted ? the invitatfon and went more than ouce. Ono' of tlio visits ; 1 observed was a 2a. On. niglir, ana tho second, - aupposcd to bo confined to' spiritual beliovers, or tho3e who trembled on the verge but hesitated to vplungo, , was. a, 5.3. night. Aa , far aa I could judge .there wero throo or four partners in. the business arrangements. The meeting ? took placo over a draper's or tailor's eh'op, in Lambsconduit-streetj London.. I daroeay ,tker;e were betyife.on tweu.ty and- thirty present, all wel^tp-do decent people raked with; a few of .a rougher kind,, 'one of whom talked rathor intruaivcly of libw he had sorvod -oomcone : who; had '.disturbed' 'the harmooy of & seance in an. attempt to detect, imposture. I had.no intention of becoming a ; martyr in ever so hiimbjo a manner, and I had been bqund down by.Bolemn promiaesl no,t,to interfere, and' I had no intentioD, although I waa sorely tempted to- try the ef&ofca; of a. left-handoi- on the bead of the spiritual head ; of Mr. J,v,ina— Tom King, spirit fipm tihe other world, whp/carried.RsorcaUed^uminpus^ otonp by .whiph to' enable mortal ojres to ga?e upon his mean and sallow features, ' which. came, unintentionally, close 'to my : own. But that part of the scene I have already1 dealt:, witlft : F^rat of. all, a circle ivaa formed round tho table in .tihe front room, and nearly a second circle outside those, sitting at the, tablo.. Next .to vao, on my left, was a lady of nervous temperament, and on my right I waB linked to my 'Viotorian friend, and next to him was a lady and then bfx. Williams, thomediutn, and next to him the .conductor pf the scanc,e, said to be ar medical man. Id, the centro of tho table was a larg'e musical box, and round about a few cardboard speaking i.trumpetai All being placed we .joined handB, or linked our little, lipgera, and, the lights w.ore. turned, down.. Affcer'a timp I felt a sensation creeping over mo that I can hardly describe, and the lady's' hand onmy left began to shake as if she were losing control..' A tug at tho back of my chair onabled mo to throw oil tho feeling of, .depression or whatever it was, and twisting mv.legs round those of the chair I requested ray neig^libor to place her hand in mine when' I might control, her. ' Sha objected that the s'pirito might then touch her,', and she would not ba able to bear that.' I then, placed my hand in her3,; which waa very coUV .and grasping it reaointely, it gradually gr.ew warm and the neryoua. fit left her. , -Ve now began 'to talk,' as wp werp ''aaaured the spirits did not like ailohce, and a'ft'pr a time, some ono called out, 'I feel a spirit hand touching me.' ..Then .one of the pasteboard/ trumpota felliUpon my right hand, I gave' it a jerk across the table, .and : some pne called out, 'The 'spirits have thrown a trumpet at me. 'iiusn ! a spirit is speaking, 'V.nd; a voice was heard between a grunt aiid. a groan before it beoame articu .late. 'VYhatit aaid. was of sp littlp import that I have forgotten, but on cpmpanng notes after the seanco .three. of ? us, including tho lady sitting next to' tho ' medium, de cided that the voice was .the voice of, William3 mufiied through. aJpfi.aking.trum: pqt. Thflro wap always.a fugleman tolcad off and. call, .attention to ,w,ha|t, thp . spirits wore doincr. arid winding-un tlie rhuaical boxj w^s called ' attention' to; It was Said to be, 'floating' abodt, 'and did sound 03 if it' had' come down with a, bang on itb^e! table1 when^ .themu^io.finiahed. The roqmwas aaid to be full of ^piri^g. . , ;Spirit-handa, brushed your wHia&orSi; toupheayouV fa'co/^nd,' atsp'eoiaV request to £|bako handoj after ar goo'd'deal fit ' dodging ;fpr position; would give you a feathery touch of a finger or two, or some thing like, tjie'm, but not the remotest chancb of a hearty shake or a 'good grip. ' This was not accounted for by any want of force 'in, tho spirit hands, for after a groan or tyrp. from tho medium and the appearance in. different parts of the rooni of spirit lights;' suggestive of pho3phorc8cont wool floating' about, a commotion was. taking place in the neighborhood of the medium which' we could, hear but not see. A groan, a grunt, a sigh, a bump on tho table, a jingle amongst the gaaaliera, and the manager of the aeane'e broke the Bpirit circle by jumping up and turning on tho gas, when we all roae. Tableau vlvant.. In the centre of the table, in his chair, with hia head touching the gaaalier, sat the medium in a very dilapi dated condition, but tho^ plucky lady who had been placed next to him still had a firm grip of 'hia little finger, which, ak a properly constituted feminine entity, sho no doubt wru expected to relinquiab when tho spirits lifted Mr. Williama. All eye3 but mine were fixed on the central figure, and wonderment prevailed all. through the throng of eager inquirera, I had from the beginning of the commotion listened carefully, and on tho lights being turned on bad lookod behind where the' medium had sat,' and there per ceived the powerful young man who had previously to the beginning ; of tho seanco expreaaed hi3 aentimenta ifi' regard to any one intorrupting^roceedings — That moral porauasionts all a Uurabucr, Kotbin^ convincea Ilk'o a lick in tliu Iu^. He was flushed as if he had been atruggling with spirits or lifting a chair with a heavy weight in it. Possibly the spirits had made him do it without his knowing, and perhaps the chair was. spiritualised and endowed for the time being.wth volition. Gradually tho medium woke un. and seemed astonished at hia position, and got out of it and retired to recover himself for the inner or cabinet seance. With a commendable caution tho spirits, before lifting the medium, put an empty chair on the table, as if to fed if the coast waa clear, aa one of thp hind logs came, near my . right hand. My friend and I de termined to hold on to it, which we, did in. cpite of several vigoropa tugs on bphalf of. tho apirita. Some visitors of' an inquiring, turn of mind wanted to know $ho meaning, of the second chair being on tho table, and where it camo from, ao all ohairB were ocou- , piod , when darkness closed upon, us and . wrapped ua in its iaysteripu3 folds,; and they had not noticed that the. truculent young man bofpro mentioned was standing, and had lost his chair when the lights wore turned up. The manager pfthe seance waa attend ing fcotlic medium, and as no one volunteered au explanation conversation became general a? eac'a recounted his experiouce of tho dark aeancc. TJiis was my first seance, and tho. leader will probably admit that the result was as unsatisfactory (is it was pa the eecond occacasioii, wb,ich I have ' previously, de-. a,crij^ed. ?,??... ??? - r ? l . 