iswimi ashies ? ?«' THE CIRCUS. .. ? ? : On Friday, the Queen's Birthday, the rain came down [so heavily that the management of the International Circus considered it not ndvisable :,^ o give the midday fperformance, and .- ^ ? any visitors from the country were ' 'dii 'appointed. ? On Saturday a midday , ,,._OT formance was given, and about eighty ? JLwl \bers of the Invalid Depot were prese n* - ? speoial invitation from Messrs ? 'jjaym ' and Benhamo. The evening per fornum 'oe was. rendered more attractive by '?kever&l.; 8tar'^nS additions and novelties. *La!pWc ^e- hyMrWallaoe and Agilio was the a. T.ea'; feature- ,tne perilous looking feats 'pass 'nK on° as ^ they were mere ' common-pl. ace matters.. Edward Duvalli in thev.attlt^ ;nKnaot'. Ih.r_ew-S.'ieu,bl8jari3firr Hayes' dleart 'd eiKht hors--s and' three ? downs wife ea se-, Benhamo wo* as ex hiliratine as us- nal» and m tne act- 'Love in a tub,' he wat ' even more comical than usual. Thefrorfi finance to-morrow night is for Mr Benhi 'lmo s benefilj, and we believe the perfc 'T™™C6 to- night, to m Anwar TiJrrJir. nnrl ', WedneSdaV night, the last night, will find t ^ circus crowded. On Monday night another_ entertain ment was given to a y. ery good audience. The Duvalli Brothers in tneir feats on the treble horizontal bars ifi »e. very success ful, and the daring feat accomplished by Mr Lewis on a pole, I glanced by Mr Wallace, drew well men, tea applause. Madame Annereau rode rex'? well but \- nTcin» tn lior hnrsfi not hpit, '£T in- COod form was not very successful, falling off on one ocoasion and nearly hurting herself. Mr Wallace balanced and spun p.' ates in] a masterly manner, and Mr Lewvs was very clever in his trick act, while .Ben hamo kept the audience in roar? of laughter with his drolleries. The Eocky Mountain wonders by the whole company: were a succession of gymnastic feats,: whiohttere well performed, the pyramids; and. columns of men being well executed, flia whrJfl TcAicrlifc nf ftvw firft mpTi lipinc sustained by Mr Hayes. 'Why these; feats are wonders confined to the Rooky' Mountain?, however, is a matter that is; not very apparent. The Koman gla-! diators, by Messrs Hayes and Benhamo, were repeated, Mr Hayes' muscular de-, velopment appearing to great advantage, ? and the flying men, by the Brothers Du-; 'valli, were especially worthy of mention, Harry Duvalli executing a somersault '?on his way from the trapeze to his brother. The British sailor, by Mr Hayes, showed; 'what daring feats can be executed on ^horseback, and the boneless Agilio went through his different antics with his usual astonishing contortions. A comic sketch, entitled 'The Clown's Ghost,'' concluded: the performance. The characters were sub tained by Messrs Hayes, Benhamo, and Lewi?, and their drollery ; convulsed the audience with laughter for over a quarter of an hour. , On Tuesday this company was favored with another large and appreciative. audience, the performance being for the benefit of Banhamo, the clown. The pro gramme of the previous evening was re peated, and gone through in the usual spirited manner, especially by Benhamo, who was droller than ever. ., ,' The company gave their farewell perform ance before a Launceston audience on Wednes ? day night,'but owing to the unpleasant state of the weather there was only a moderate! 'attendance. The programme: was gone' through with as much spirit as on previous occasions, ? ... ??? ? - ; ? 