THE SPHINX : ' A MYSTERY Ciiai'ti:i: I 1 AM by profession u barrister, :uul as there soomB to be a popular notion that ail young barristers who writo their experiences, or otherwise figure in polite literature, are brief- -Jobs, it may bo right to say that I am not altogether a briefless barrister, having hold several briefs, and earnestly expecting more. My friend Charley Debet), from the City, cacao up to my chambers one day lost De cember, bringing me an invitation from bis family to go homo with him and spend Christmas. I bod boon a good many times with Charley to his paternal roof-tree in Essex, and I never failod to greatly enjoy myself each time. I liked the ol 1 n-ople, and nlso his brothers and sisters w' u:n I sow. They wore true and natural English cmntry people, who had grown, as it were, out of the sail, like tbo violets by the hazel-roots or the may- blossoms on the hedgerows, lint thera was a secret attraction for me in that home which outweighed all tho rest a hundred-fold. Charley's grown-up sister Ethol had fairly entered into possession of the vacant space in tho core of my affections. Tho very first time I mot her she exerted her peculiur i'.fitieiieo over mo. What young man does not know the tender anticipation with which ho looks forward to tho meeting the sister of his friend, whom he lias heard ah nit moro than once before in lovable terms from her brother, and who already has excited a gentle interest in his breast r It was with this feeling that I first oncountered Miss Ethol Djbon. I bail gone with Charley to his home, " Oak Hall," Essex, to spend a week in wild fowl shooting, and it was then I met her for the first time. Her almost perfect features, her rich b'ack hair, her brightjjmpltxion, her dark blue eyes in which truth aud tenderness seemed mirrored, her quiet lady-like manners and sweet smile, had captivated my heart. Suc ceeding visits had only completed my thraldom and her dear image was never fur from my thoughts ; it disputed my attention with Gles of parchment deeds, and perpetually obtruded itself amidst dry legal clausos and precedents, and was as much out of place amongst thorn as a picture of Arcadian life in a laboratory of physical apparatus. It was rather a hopeless passion of mine, however, for Ethol Debon was not only beautiful, amiable, and admired, but also well dowered, and I calculated, with legal acumen, hut at tho same time with very small satisfaction, that such a prize as she would soon be carried otl'. My own circum stances were, at best, only promising, and I could only keep in the background, while some more fortunate individual, whose bread had beon buttered for him by a kinder Fortune, played a leading part and won the rare meed. But although I kept carefully in the hack ground, I was only too glad to avail myeelf of Charley Debeti's invitation to spend Christmas in her society. Liko the moth, I was drawn invincibly to the candle. And so I went down with him to Oak Hall, happy to see and be near her again, but guardiug my self cautiously rgainst any betrayal of attach ment. We arrived at Oak Hall on Christians Eve. We had found a trap waiting for as at the nearest railway station, and had driven six miles in the dark, through a wooded upland country, to the house, which stood on a hill surrounded by a park with some fine old timber. It was a wet, 'nflateJ, boisterous night, aud we wero gratified to see the warm light of tho windows of the old family home appear through tho trees at last. Charley urged on tho horse, and we soon drew up in front of the house — a square, comfortable, old rod brick mansion, wilh a pillared portico, many plain oblong windows, tall chimney tops, and a stouo coat-of arras over tho doorway. .Two great cedars stood sentinel at each end. and spread their black (lakes over the lawn. Mr. Deben, a hale, hearty old gentle man, was ready to receive us at the door, aud Mrs. Deben met us in the lobby, where Charley was soon engaged with his younger brothers and sisters in n scramble for presents. When I entered tho drawing-room I found a good number of people there, one or two of whom I had met before, and others who were strangers to me. Ethel Deben was the first to meet mo and shako hands. She came forward with her usual frank manner, and at once introduced me to another smiling beauty who followed hor. Miss Rose Herriek, Ethel's friend, was a fair Saxon typo of beauty, all roses and lilies and dimples. Her hair was of a flaxen brown, as soft as silk, and wavy over tiie temples. When she laughed her blooming face wa3 the incarnation of merriment aud fun. Another of the gueBts to whom 1 was introduced for the first time was a young squire called Heywood, a fine brown-haired, broad-shoul dered young follow, with many fine brown aud broad acres to match. Ha looked' and was a good fellow, I am obliged to confess it ; hut I felt littlo desire to converse with him. The fact is, he damped my spiri's for a I. Ho while : I was foolish enough to feel the slightest shade of jealousy at seeing hi u. without any reason, I own ; but love dees not wait for reasons. On calmly considering the matter, however, I forced myself to dismiss any feeling of jealousy from my mind, be cause I had no right to entertain it. If young Mr. Heywood admired Ethel Debon it was no business of mine. " Let it be so," I said to myself ; and I determined to he bs cheerful under the circumstances as if no thought of Ethel Deben bad never agitated my bosom. So while Heywood lounged very close to Ethel, I sat down just as close to Rose Her- rick. We became friends in a moment, and very soon we wore laughing gaily together over ropartees that seemod to fbw (at least, from me) with unusual copiousness and brilliancy. Tho more Rose laughed at my jokes tho better I was pleased : aud I was net sorry to see that Mr. Heywood said little to Ethol that oould he called amusing. I fear I was jealous Btill. "Oh ! by-the-by, Mr. Temple, said Rose to mo, " I ought to toll you— your bodrootu is tho haunted room. Do you know there is a haunted room in this old house, with a wondorful ghoat in it, or voice, or something ? Ethel will tell you the 6tory. On former occasions the ghost has tnai'.e its appearance or tho voice has boon heard, about Christmas time, so don't bo surprised if you hear a queer voico talking to you to-night — a weird elfin voice, complaining of its sad fate, and warning- yon of future ills." " I should like to talk with a spirit." I said. "I should like to know my future lot — at lonst, one or two thiugs about it. I wish some kind angel would doign to enlighten m-i about them. But tho days ol genii, and wizards, and magic glasses are past, and W— — , 1 angola' visits are very, very few and far betweon." "Oh, uo ! they aro not," said Rose, " if we i only hail eyes to see them ; you will bolievo me yet." II. I thought very little nbout ghosts, or indeed anything else, when I got to my chamber that night. I was too tired for thinking, and very soon went to bed. Next morning was Christmns Day, aud according to all im memorial legends and tales, tho country ought to havo been lying under a whito close coverlet of snow ; the holly-trees, with tlioir red berries, should havo boon stull'ed .with tho powdery crystds; and tho lanes I should havo looked liko the galleries of somo | ivory palace under the intricate fretwork of snow- lncod boughs. But our Christmas Day was mild and almost baltnly — a green yulo. I A light grey fog lay on the hollows, a mellow j sunshine enlivened tho moist air, and gilded | the bare twigs of the trees against tho bluo | sky. It was a quiet, still, genial day after ! the boisterous night before, and there was a I Sabbath calm about it in keeping with tho I time. Iu the forenoon we all went to sorvieo in the village church. I walked there beside Miss Ethel, and returned along with Miss Rose, exchanging places with Mr. Heywood. It was ouly a short walk across the park to church, so we did not have much conversa- tion ; but it was a hap; y time for me. Ethel seemed so kiud, charming, and withal sensible, | that I wished the time would never change, the walk never come to an end. Rose wns in capital humour, and asked me if I had not had any communications from the spirits during tho night. I said that they might have boon in legions round my night-cnp, playing at bo-peep in ray ears, and pirouetting on my nose, for all I knew or cared, I was so tired-out last night and had slept so soundly. "I see you are a scept'c," sho stid, " you are spirit-proof. Even ' Ailio Slade ' would not convince you." " I am a lawyer," I replied, " aud like to see black on white." ' But I suppose you would bo satisfied with white on black, and that is what ' Allie ' would give you with her slate." " I think we lawyers rather exposed ' AllieV slate-writing." " That is matter of opinion. You had popular prejudice on your side, and played upon it to a great purpose. Yon oouldn't ex- p'ain the raps, ami lights, and the ringing of bell9. Ah ! there are m .re things in heaven and earth, than are comprehended iu Coke and Blackstone.'1 Iu tho afternoon Charley Debon and his brother Frank, who had just come home front abroad, Mr. Heywood, and I took a long walk, aud returned to the Hall iu timo to dress for dinner, which was served earlier than usual. At clitiuer I found, mysolf botweeti Rose Horrick and Ethel Debon. Tho meal was a substantial specimen of old English cheor, re fined by modern taste and science. AVe were a merry party. Charley Deben and his brother Frank wore especially entertaining. The host aud hostess looked tho picture of good-humoured happiness ; and the old vicar of the parish, with his ruddy but refined features, aud thin grey locks, smiled again and ngain at the ready sallies of vontli, and toasted Ethel with a grave but fatherly courtesy that was almost a henedictiou. After dinner we had music nnd games, dancing and acting charades. Often during the dance my eyes furtively sought out Ethel, and stole a gazo at her radiant beauty. If hor eyes chauc?d to turn in my direction, I was quick to lower them or avert thera. I danced several times with hor, and found her ever the same ; charming, gentle, natural, aud true, with apparently uo vestige of affectation in her whole demeanor. Heywood led her to the floor a great many timos, and seemed very attentive to hor. Her manner was at least as gracious to him as to mo. If any jealous feeling crossed tne, I sought out Reso Herriek as soon as I could, iu order to regain a proper tone. | Supper was another raenl almost as substantial as dinner. By this time the old vicar and one or two more had taken their departure, so that the party wns smaller, but even more cattvivial. It was not very late when we broke up for the night — at least, I do not think it wa3. When I got to tho sitting- room, from which my bedroom opened, 1 drew an easy-chair before the tire and sank into it. I was iu that delicious frame of mind induced by good cheer, well i seasoned by good wine, good company, but above all with love. I was deeply in love with Ethel Del) m. There was no questioning about it. My chamber was a cosy, old- , fashioned place, with high winsootiug of carved | Oiik. blackenc I by time. There was o quaint j look about the anciont place, and it seemed to ! me the very' acme of comfort n a winter's > night A fagot lire blaze. 1 nnd crackled cheerily in the grate, aud cast flickering lights ; on the furniture and damask curt tin h tngings of tho window: for Iliad turned the lamp low in order to recede within my own thoughts. ; Tho wind, which had been laid all day, now t began to bestir itself and hurry round the j chimney-tops. 1 felt inspired with a poem — a poem expressing my present happiness and 1 my love. ' .My heart struggle 1 for utterance, j and a feeling of inspiration grew upon me. 1 wo s possessed by the muse. A little writing- table stood near, with writing runterials all handy, and kindly provided for my use by a thoughtful hostess, or perhaps by Ethol her-- self. I drow it close to my elbow and pre pared inyslf to 'write. The thoughts catno glowing, hut disjointed aud incoherent, from my heart. I wrote them down as they carao, intending to put them iuto verse form after wards. I wished now only ,to express my oottfnsed happiuoes aud passion. I covered sheet after sheet in a few moments with the rapidity of a short-hand writer, and then I stopped, having worked oil the super-abundant feeling. I began to declaim to myself what I had written aud to polish it into form. Vision of Beauty, gliding through my life, I commenced, iu tine and elevated voice, Ethereal goddess haunting dismal groves, Aud bringing to nteu, lost in tho earthly hazo, A glimpso of azure fields and f vt>ry gates. c (golden rivers. In tho ideal regions, too much forgot. Divine Ethol ! " I stopped to correct this into " Ethel divino," aud almost fancied that I heard a sound of mocking laughter close to my face. T listened, and could hardly bolievo my senses, but T seemed still to cato'u a light laugh — a I faiut, tiny, mufiled kind of laugh, but yet I perfectly distinct. It seemed to be in the I _ — "J air aud to hover over the table. There was nothing on the table but my writing paper ami blotting-book, the ink bottlo, n pen holder, and a pou- wiper. The holder was a representation of Cleopatra's Noodle, open at i tho top to insert the handles of pons ; aud the | wiper was made up iu tho form of an Egyptian sphiux, and was at the same time a pio- cushiou. It was a neat little sphinx iu dark red cloth, with a woman's head. Tho body served as the pin-cushion, aud the pedestal for the wiper. That was all the table contained. I fancied I must have been dreaming, or per haps I had takon too much wino. I was a sleepy fool, aud ought to get of! to bed as fast as possible ; hut tho mysterious voice ngaiu seemed to break silence. This timo it spoke, and soetned to issuo from tho sphinx, whoso impassive face regarded mo with a calm aud rigid solemnity. " Child of mortals," said tho sphinx, " know that the immortals brook no comparison with things of clay. Cease thy lutile ravings, tho incomprehensible cries of a passion that is as fleeting ns thy ephemeral race, wLich is as the grass that is cut down." " Who art thou ? " I demanded, iu a clear but forced voice. " I am the Oracle of Turn. I kuow all that is past and all that is to come. Excuse metre." " Wilt thou answer the questions I would put to Fate ? " " I will." "Oraele of Turn, tliou knowost I love. Deign to toll me if there is hope for mo in ray attach ment. Answer — Aye or No!" " Child of mortals," replied ' the sphinx, "know that there is no— Good night!" Aud the voice abruptly ceased. Tho silence recalled me to my senses, and I was certainly surprised at myself. Was fb au illusion I had suffered, such as I had often read about ? "Was I ill ? Had tho wino really gone to my head ? Aud then I suddenly remembered Rose Herrick's banter about the haunted room. Too surely it was haunted, but by a real spirit ? I was sceptical of ghosts and spiritualism j butitseemad that the superstitious fibre, which I believe exists in every man, was strangely vibrating in mo now. What if after all there were moro things in heaven and earth than wero dreamt of in my philosophy ! As to tho answer of the spirit, I can't say it troubled me then. I was too much concerned about my strange ex perience. HI. Next morning when I awoke, with tho genial sunshine streaming into my window, the event of the past night seemed like a curious dream or nightmare, and I almost persuaded myself that I had been tho subject of somo waking dream ; which are common enough, although I had never experienced one tnyself before. Still, I was not perfectly satisfied with their explanation ; tho whole affair seemed to me so roil. I determined, however, to say nothing about it to anybody, and when Rose Horrick twittod me agaiu at the breakfast-table about ghosts, I vowed an utter immunity from any of thoir clandestine visitations. I thought I observed a suppressed srailo on hor lip9, hut she only replied : — " Ah, thon ! Mr. Temple, I'm afraid the spirits think they will make no impression on your hard legal soul." I was left alone ' the greater part of this day — the day after Christmas. Iu the morn ing the youug ladies, Miss Ethel and Miss Rose, and some of the children, paid a visit to a neighbouring family, Mr. Heywood driving them. Charley Dobeu, his brother Frank, and sotno more wont out shooting. I remained at home, having somo letters to write, and wish ing to bo alone. I was somewhat sulky and jealous at Haywood's tnonopolyof Ethel during tho entire day. She sat beside him on the front seat of the trap, and they went off very gaily together, Rose Herriek laughing and waviug hor baud back to me as I stood rather glumly at tbo door. I found the drawing- room empty when I went in-doovs, aud was not sorry at it. I lay down on a lounge and reflected over my visit. It had been a happy one, nnd yet an unhappy one. In Ethel's company I was happy, and yet I was stung by the presence of Hey- wooi, and the attentions lie paid her. I reasoned with myself, aud came to the con clusion that it was silly on in' parr, and use less. to be discomfited by anything of tho kiud. I couvi.rasd myself that I ought to act ns if she wa3 no more to me than Rose Herriek. T was spoiling my lioli ny by my absurd funcics, and if I oonld not master myself, the soorer I left for town the better. "Yes," sai l to myself, " I will make my exit to-morrow, or at least as soon ns lean got mvay." Thon f fell to thinking about my uucanny experience with the sphinx. I was uot satisfied chat it was an illusion of the senses, ami yet I think of no pnssih'c explanation of it. It could not lie a trick, for there was no mechanism about the little tnhle, with its slender stem and two kuicknncks. Ventriloquism, too, was out of the question. I did not know what to make of it. It occurred to mo to consult the library about "illusions," "dreams," "spiritualism," and I wont to it at once. On tho library lay a cofiect'ou of newspapers and periodicals, some of which woro scientific, others popular. There was on electrical journal amongst tho farmer, with an illustrated cover which in terested me. T tiok it up, and it opened at a marked page. The mystery of the sphinx was at once revealed. On this page was a diagram representing the practical uso of a new invention called tho telephone, au iustru- raout for convoying actual speech by means of electricity. It was the first I had heard of tho articulating telephone. I saw it all now. Charley's brother Frank was an electrician by profession, and he had brought home with him two small American telephones. The girls had conoeivod the idea of tricking me by their moans, aud had got him to fix np a telephone wire for them, while thoy had skilfully enclosed tho little instrument in tho sphinx pin-cushion on the writing-tuhle. No doubt they had the other telephone at tho othor end of the wire in a convenient plaoe, where thoy could use it without being seen or hoard, and thus by speaking into it tliey were enabled to net tbo Oracle of Turn, sinco the telephone insido the sphiux reproduced what ever sounds they made. This rovolation filled me with glee aud triumph. I now recollected about the laughtor at the begiuniug, and sud- dou stoppage of tho oracle at the end of the conversation I had had with sphinx ; and so I did not doubt that Rose Herriok played tho oracle, I imagined that Ethol had suddenly onded tho seanoo by forcibly stopping her mouili. I went to my sitting-room and examined the sphinx and table. Snre enough I felt tho hard frame of tho telephone iuside tho piti- j cushion, nnd traced tho wire, like thread, down j the leg of the table, under tho carpet, and up ; tho wall, till it joined tho ordinary boll-wiro ; of the room, which had boon utilised as part ; of llio tolephono circuit. Evening came, and tho young ladies re turned. I mot them with my usual manner. They bad a splendid day, aud so wished I had beeu along with them. I had quito lost my self, moping up in tho house all Jay. Tito j shooting party arrived soon after, and we all | spent a comfortablo, sociable ovouing in the j drawing-room, with music aud conversation. | When tho ladies hnd retired for tho night, i I was not long in following suit. I wont at once to my chamber, and took my seat as quietly as possible beside tho littlo writing tihle, and appliod my ear to tho sphinx. I could hoar indistinct sounds, as of spoaking, and occasionally a littlo low laughtor. In a fow moments the sounds became more I distinct, and hoard perfectly, as well a s 1 recognised, the voices of tho speakers — Rose I and Ethel ! ' I wonder it he is iu his room vet ? " said i Roso. i " Oh, no, ho can't he," said Ethol ; " goutlo- tnou never break up all at ouco.'' "Now, Ethel, after stopping mo last night, confess, do you liko Mr. Temple — a littlo." " Well, thon, I do liko him — a littlo." " And you don't care for Mr. IloywooJ — not much." " And I don't care for Mr. Heywood — uot much ; but I know who docs." This was indeed a revelation to mo. Tlio blood rushed into my faoo, and my henrt palpitated so that I feared thoy might hear it through the tolephone. "Who would have thought Mr. Tomplowas a poet ? " said Rose. I strove hard to hear moro, bnt could only mako out indistinct souuds. Snddeuly tt oc- currod to me to make a noise to attract thoir attention, aod inform thorn that I had got to my room. I flung myself hoavily into tho easy-chair, and heaved a long, hopoless sigh. " Oh, there he i3 1 " I heard Rose say, in an intense whispor. "Did you hoar that groan ? Oh ! ho is very bad." There was a period of silonoo. Then I hoard a voice issuing from tho sphinx in lofty and solomn tones. It was the voice of tho Oracle of Turn. ' Child of mortals," it bogan, " where art thou ? " "Oracle of Tnm," I replied, "hero am " Would'st thou know to whom thy destiny is linkod in futuro ? Would'st thou know the fate that hangs over thy iove ? Would'st thou lift the veil of the unknown to gaze npon tho foaturos of thy beloved ? Tliou whose soul is yoarning for a danghtor of thy transient race, would'st thou know if she lovos thee ? " "Oraoloof Turn," I replied, iu calm and measurod accents, "know that Iain indiffer ent. Kuow that a child of mortals, that J passionato nnd feeble race which you seem to despise, can also display the uushakcu solf- cotnmaud of an immortal. I solicit no revolu tions from destiny ; I am cauteut to wait with fortitudo. Oracle of Turn, Iain indifferent." I heard a half- suppressed " Oh, my ! " and that wasull. Need I soy that I went to bed one of the happiest of mou. The next morning I preserved my usual gravity at breakfast, and read my letters diligently, hut with agitatod thoughts'. During tho foronoon I found nn opportunity to sook Miss Ethel in tho garden, whoro sho happened to be alone. "Miss. Ethel," I said, as we reached an arbour at the end of tho Pear-tree Walk, " I had a strange experience last night." I Sho blushed very deeply, and turned aside her head. J " Did you ever hear of tho Oracle of Turn ? " j There was no reply. I "Ethel," I said earnestly, taking hor baud, i "\ou know that I love you. I am bore to j ask you if yoli roturu my lovo — 'to ask you it ! you will bo my wife." Ethol Debon was ns true then as she had ever been. I took her to my arms, nnd she laid hor beautiful head upon my breast. i At this moment there was a light foot on the walk and a light laugh on the air. Wo looked up, and saw Roso Horrick tripping towards us with a roguish look upou hor face, whilo Mr. Heywood stood behind at tho far end of the walk. " Destiny ha3 rovoaloi itself at last," she said, in coining forward. "In spito of Turn's great oracle," I replied. "Well, did I not tell you that tliero were moro things in hoaven and eartth than wore dreamt of in your philosophy ?" " Name them," said I. X" Wliy. tl,e telephone. Au 1 did I not tell yon that thoro were angels still who came to do good deeds to man ? " " Who are thoy ? " I nskod. " Why, myself," answered Rose. "That is Mr. Haywnrd at the end of tho walk. Ilsd wo not bettergo to him ?"askod Ethel. "That is my o-.vu Turn," said Iloso, "and houcoforth I urn his own exelnsivo oracle." A Tilwkm.ku's Talk. — An English traveller relates how nt one time ho oll'ondod a number of ladies at Now York. Ho had related a story, and then there was a rush from tho room. Is there anything the matter ? " asked tho traveller. "Thoro is, sir, ' was tho host's savage reply. " Lot me tell you such language won't suit horo." " My doar sir, what language? We wero only talkiug of soup." " Woll, sir, bnt you said ox-tail! " " Woll, suppose I did? " " Why, sir, it's that very word that sent nil the ladies blushing out of the room. It's highly uube"- coming language — very improper, iudoodl" "But, my dear sir, I callod the soup by its proper natno, didn't I ? " No, sir, you did not ; and whenever you have occasion to speak of that particular sonp again, never say ox-tail. Say fly-disperser soup ; that's tho proper word, sir 1 '' Mr. James Cook, underground mnnagor of Messrs. J. and A. Brown's Duckonfield Colliery, was killed in tho pit last Tuosday. It appears that he was engaged roplacing old timber with now, whon somo of the old gave way, and striking the back of his hood, ho was killed instantly. At tho Yonng Qnartor Sossions, hold laBt Monday, Goldsmith Gritfin, was convicted of ombezzting throo hundred pounds belonging to tho Oriental Bonk branch at Young; aud howas sentenced to six mouths' hard labour. He was leniently dealt with boeause of his boiuim.' a vory good charactor. 