Tuesday, November 26. ' ; SITE OF PARLIAMENT HOUSES. \- rue repose »i wie v/uuiuiibwe appuuiteu to determine upon a site .for the new Parliament Houses was brought up and ordered to be printed. The report stated — 'That having con sidered the various sites indicated in the report of the Commission appointed on the 6th Feb ruary, 1878, to report on sites for: new Par liament Buildings [vide. Parliamentary-paper, No. 32 of 1878), together with other sites sug gested, the Committee' would recommend the following as in their opinion the best position for the erection of such buildings,' that is to say : — A site commencing 50 feet east of the proposed new Institute and Museum on North terrace and extending eastwards as far as re quired. If it be arranged to include the present Institute as part- of the design fox the new In stitute and Museum, ? space would then be obtained for the erection of the proposed Par liament Houses without any encroachment jon the University block; otherwise this recom mendation of your Committee would necessi tate the taking of a small portion of the land granted to the University. Reference to the minutes annexed will show that the Committee of the House iof Assembly, when in conference with your Committee, declined. to name any. site as. in their ..opinion the best, although your Committee agreed to recommend to your Honorable Council any one of various sites on North-terrace, with certain limits therein specified (including that now recom mended), provided that the said Committee of the House of Assembly would agree to any one of them,' . . NEW POLLING-PLACES. The Hon. J. PEARCE moved for an address to His Excellency to issue a proclamation de claring Morgan a polling-place. for Light. — The Hon. J. FISHER moved for Wandearah, in the Electoral District of Stanley, to be also de clared a polling-place. — Both motions were carried. MOONTA BAY RAILWAY. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved the second reading. He said the object was to connect the present line of railway with the jetty. The distance was about 46 chains, and would cost about £6,000. It was very desirable that ?the work should be done. — The Hon. W. SANDOVER, in seconding, said the work was an. expensive one, and £2,000 might have been saved if the Company had done the work. He would support the Bill, because he knew the extension was ur gently required.— The Hon. T. HOGARTH wished to know what the difference of height was between the level cf the line and the jetty, and what the line would actually cost. — The Hons. J. FISHER and J. EEARCE supported the Bill. — The CHIEF SEGRETARY said there was a small gradient, but £6,009 would cover the whole cost of making the line. The second reading was earned, and the Bui passed through Committee without amendment, and was read a third time and passed. : : CROWN LANDS BILL. In Committee.— The CHIEF SECRETARY urged that the House should Hot insist upon the amendment to Clause 37, to which the House of Assembly objected, namely, that com pensation would be paid on the expiration of pastoral leases «r resumption lor the value of , all wells, reservoirs, tanks, or dams of a perma nent character — ' Provided that in no caae sLall compensation foe paid or payable unless the written approval of the Commissioner of Crown Lands shall before the making and con struction ef any wells, reservoirs, tanks, dams, fences, or like improvements have been first previously obtained.' A short debate ensued, and on being put to the vote the proviso was retained by 10 votes to 7, and a message sent to the Assembly that the Council would not insist upon the amendment. The report was then adopted, and the Bill was passed through all its stages. LAND AND PROPERTY TAX BILL. Sir H. AYERS, in resuming the debate on the second reading of the Bill, said he could not congratulate the Chief Secretary on the way in which the Bill had been introduced into the Council. He thought he should be able to show conclusively that the Bill was not re quired. He said for the last two or three years the Chief Secretary had taken every opportunity of endeavoring to thrust taxation on the people when it had . been proved that it was not required. He referred to the fate of the Stamps Bill, and said the Colton Ministry had shown that the business of the country could be carried on without further taxation. He said certain sections of the Press had taken up the idea that further taxation was necessary, and by continually harping on the subject had almost forced the hoa. gentleman to take up the present measure, and that might probably be bis excuse. . The scheme was not only as the Chief Secretary said, not a perfect scheme, but it was an unintelligible one. (Hear, hear.) No light had been thrown upon the Bill in either House. The deficiency of £200,000 had been spoken of in another place as a deficiency ou paper, and if that was the case there was no cause for alarm. The proper question was whether it was necessary to alter the incidence of taxation, and whether Parliament would agree to it, therefore the cart had been put before .the horse.: (Hear, hear.) He thought he should be able to show that there was another way of making up a deficiency than by this Bill.: Unexpended balances were not strictly speaking liabilities at all. They were merely the ghosts of liabilities, and not those that the Government could be called upon to pay. (Hear, hear.) There was a great incli nation on the part-of heads of departments to spend money pretty lavishly when they could get it, and he felt sure that u Ministers looked into, the accounts more closely they would be able to strike oft most of the unexpended balances. No officer cared to strike these off as it reflected on his capacity in pre paring the Estimates. It would be better to go on next year without unexpended ba lances at all. That Bill in its present form would give the^ Government nothing. Would the Chief Secretary say that the current expenses would not be met by the revenue? There was really no deficiency at the present moment, and what right had they to expect that there would be one seven months hence ? It was a libel on the country to use the word ' bankrupt' in con nection with it, the only liabilities being the bonded debts, which «ould not be claimed until due. He thought it would be well tor assimilate our tariff with that of New South Wales, point ing out that in many cases the duties there were ' higher than in South Australia, so thai; no loss could be occasioned. (Hear, hear.) The expen diture had not increased except with regard to establishments. In 1874-75 the amount spent in establishments was £657,000, and now it: was £1,057,000, showing an increase in four years of £400,000. The general public, he would say ad visedly, knew nothing of the effect of theipro vifiione of this Bill— (hear, hear)— and he should like the Press to point out to the farmer that every farming implement, every horse and bul lock would be taxed. (Hear, hear.) He 'was not objecting to the Bill because the Chief Secretary had shown no deficiency, butj he would show several ways in which a deficiency could be met should it arise. With the enor mous increase of money falling due every year for credit selections it was impossible that taxa tion would ever be required, and he quoted figureB which had been furnished by ithe Chief Secretary himself to support him in that statement. (Hear, hear.) Then, again, the Land Department could be made from another source to meet any deficiency that that might arise,. . The. Forest Board and Council of Education had granted to them .249,375 acres of land, the amount of money received for, the rent of these lands being now £19,350. The Government iad many millions of acres of re sumed larOis which broughtin an annual revenue of only £12,000 as agamst£19,350received fornofc half-a-mifiion acres. That was a point to which he directed the attention of the Government. (Hear, hear.) Then he would refer to the elas ticity of the revenue. In 1872 it was £697,442, while in 1878-9 it had reached £1,672,841; an increase of nearly a million, which would: no doubt go on increasing, and do away with ithe necessity of taxation. Then retrenchments could also be made were a deficiency in ithe revenue to occur. The last point to which ; he would direct the attention of the Chief Secre tary was that the railways and other public works should be made to contribute something towards the. interest of their cost. He found that an apparent profit of £27,000 had been made in working 302 miles of railway. He called it apparent because he saw the Govern ment intended to include in the Loan Bill £273,640 for patching up these lines of railway whose annual returns were about £17,000. (Laughter.). He would move an amendment that the Bill be read that day six months. The Hon. H. SCOTT pointed out that the dif ference in the revenue from lands held by private persons and that held by the Govern ment was, because the Government lands were liable to be resumed at short notice. The main objection he had to the Bill was because of its partiality. If a Bill had been introduced pro viding for the taxing of all kinds of property, as well as those deriving large incomes from pro fessional pursuits, he would have voted for it; — The Hon. J. FISHER rose for the purpose of seconding the amendment. He said he had never heard the Chief Secretary make a lamer speech than he did in introducing that Bill. (Hear, hear.) He had really made out no case of deficiency, and Sir Henry Ayers had shown that it did not exist. If a deficiency existed it was a disgrace to the Government, and he for one would not give them increased powers of taxation. When the revenue had increased a million pounds in six years, the Government were unfit to rule the country if they could not make this increase meet their requirements. With regard to the incidence of taxation, he did not believe it satunfairlyontheworMngclasses, and the working classes had never complained by petition to that House or otherwise oC being overtaxed. The working classes only paid large sums to the revenue on spirits and tobacco, and it would not benefit them to take off the duty on these things. People of capital paid ou every handandturn; he paid more than his fair proportion' of revenue through the Customs. The working classes knew nothing of the amount of revenue which the wealthyclasses paid on pianos, carriages, furniture, dress, wines, &c;, and the cost of luxuries in giving parties and entertaining their friends. He would have all special votes that were not expended revoted the following year instead of being brought up as unexpended balances. There were various ways in which the Government could curtail their expenditure, such as cutting off gratuities and grants-in-aid. He instanced the item for the Bushman's Club, and could not see why the Government should subsidise that Club any more than the Club on North-terrace. The £50,000 grant-in-aid to District Councils and Corporations should also be struck off. Extra taxation was not required at the present tune, and he wanted to know what the Government were going to do with the three or four millions that were coming in from the Crown lands in a year or two. — The Hoa. J. PEARCE contended that there was no necessity for increased taxa tion, and that the country was in so flourishing a condition that the revenue was quite equal to the legitimate expenditure. He showed that even the railways were returning increased interest on their outlay and cost of working. With an in creasing traffic and improving income on the railways it was the fault of the Government if they could not reduce the lavish and wasteful expenditure. Before asking for increased taxa tion they should have tried retrenchment. Other eenrcee of income were also increasing rapidly. There was a steady growing prosperity in this colony which nothing could interfere with. There was no class of the community more opposed to this Bill than the farmers, and he would vote against it.— The Hon. C. B. YOUNG opposed the Bill. If taxation was immediately necessary, and the incidence of taxation was to be amended, both things should be done together, or should be put off till the money was absolutely required. He believed the Bill would be thrown- out, but not because it would touch the pockets of wealthy people. He opposed it because fresh taxation was altogether unnecessary. — The Hon. A. HAY opposed the Bill as a friend to the Ministry, because he was certain if all the machinery of this measure were set in motion there would be such an outcry throughout the country as would result in the Government being ejected from office. The expense .of collection . compared with the amount to be derived from^ the tax would be very 'large indeed. A property tax was a fair tax, but it was absurd to tax the man who sent his money here for the development of the colony;: nrpney lent for this purpose should . .--not ?; be taxed. He contended that the working classes idid not pay more than their share of the -taxation, through the Customs. ; Extra taxation was not required at the present time, but there; w-as room for reducing the expenditure and mairing econo mical savings. It would be better to increase the Customs duties than to institute, a new system of taxation that would require a new set of officers and other machinery for collecting this revenue. The inquisitorial nature .of some of the provisions of the Bill would, also make him vote against it. — The Hon. W. SANDOVER said he had heard a good deal of good argument during the debate but at the same time had heard a great many fallacious arguments. With regard to money being taxed he said the moneyed men at the present time created a very large monopoly.. He said there was often a glaring inconsistency in the statements of Sir' Henry Ayers which greatly depended on which side of the House he got. Three years ago he had stated that increased taxation was necessary (Sir H. Ayers — ' Threeyearsago,' and laughter). If a liability occurred it was their duty to make up the. deficiency. Very few Governments had had the.courage to face a disagreeable duty such as the bringing in of an income tax. (Hear, hear.) The other House had greatly altered the shape of the Bill a» originally intro duced. He firmly believed in the principle of ' a tax on property. The proceeds from this measure he felt sure would not be more than enough to meet the current expenses. Not withstanding the inequalities of the measure he was sorry that he was in a minority and that hon. members could not agree with him in the support of the Bill. The power and influence of propertyliaa iad much to do with the un setftlea stale of . the Government in another colony. He thought if the Council were to throw but this Bill a very serious result would accrue. (Hear, hear.)— The Hon. J. CROZIER said the working-class were not demanding tax ation. Even if it were necessary he thought the Bill before, them was most, objectionable, and he should gladly help to throw it out. — The Hon. R. C. BAKER said although a general supporter of the Government he would be obliged to vote against, them, on that occasion. It was not a Government measure, nor was it the Government policy, but the policy of the Opposition. (The Chief Secretary— ' No.') At any rate it had been greatly mutilated, and if the Chief Secretary was not grateful to the Council for throwing out the measure he ought to be. (Laughter.) He had long agreed that property in the colony did not pay its fair share of taxation ,but the Bill before them only affected one kind of property. Had the original measure introduced by the Government been carried in another place he should have been bound to support it. He would not support that Bill on the contingency that a Bill to alter the incidence of taxation would be introduced next session. (Hear, hear.)— The CHDSF SECRE TARY said he iad done his duty in introducing the Bill, and would do so again, and it was no pleasant task for a Minister alone to bring in. such a Bill. He referred to the various objec tions which had been made to the Bill, and said it all went to show the country that the state ments that the Council represented property were true, and that no system of taxation on property would ever pass that Council.. He said in 1875 Sir Henry Ayers had introduced an amendment into the reply to the Governor's Speech affirming that taxation on property was necessary. How did the hon. member explain the fact that unexpended balances, which were a liability in 1875, according to his own state ment, were not a liability in 1878 ? Hon. mem bers would see works on the list of unexpended balances, which were of absolute necessity, and some of them had been commenced. The expendi ture oh public works in many cases was not com menced until about five or six months after the financial year -had begun. It was far easier to find objections to a scheme of taxation than it was to introduce such a scheme. (Hear, hear.) Sir Henry Ayers had' said, a deficiency on paper would be laughed at; but he evidently considered it a liability in 1875, because it suited his purpose. It was impossible foe him to answer all the objections made then. The only tangible argument used against the Bill was that made by the Hon. A. Hay, that a taxation scheme waa obnoxious to the people ; but if they waited until they could get a scheme that was not obnoxious they would wait till all time. He had' never stated that the colony was approaching a state of bankruptcy,, but he regarded such a remark as preposterous. If a Customs Union was to take place between New South Wales and South Australia it would have to be of a give and take nature. The elasticity of the revenue had been referred to a* one of the hopes of the future, but the elasticity of the expenditure would be fully as great. He reviewed the objections raised at some length.. He believed the Bill was perfectly right, that . the incidence of taxation required altering, that property had not been paying its proper share of taxes, and that he had done right m intro ducing it. He thought if the Council rejected that Bill they would be incurring a grave re sponsibility. — The 'question was put, that the words proposed to be struck out stand part of. the question, and it was lost on the following division :— Ates, 11— The Hons. R. C. Baker, J. Crozier, J. Fisher, A. Hay. T.Hogarth, H. K. Hughes, J. Pearce, P. Santo, R, A. Tarlton, C. B. Young, and Sir Henry Ayers (teller) . Noes, 2.— The Hon. W. Sandover, and the Chief Sec retary (teller).^ OTHER BUSDSESS. The Railways and Park Lands Bill and the Electoral Act Amending Bill were read a first time, and the second readings fixed for Wed nesday. At 6.33 p.m. the Council adjourned till next day. ! 