SrafoUtf- ' 01? TaE I HARTZ. btoaa»«B 8r»aur J,e Selkettul " Tha viUageB 0I, . . ,„„„Arie0. [?] entertains watermg-V day ; \ Uh iuvigoraig unlP c0o\&d;' 6V7d8from the beautify bB16b fcteez® ; She «e be .wllrtWow- Snoratna oi vale, site n, a ull nlain, gardens, Pa ' mountain, and latter, the most \ &d; castles. Of the Falkenstein, »8 11 /onng is that of the firs and oaks. diBRds surrounded by tall From tfi® line of eani5 jfeuhenberg we see that strange Devil's „0one rock, the Tenfelsmauer, or so called because his Satanic tiav: ijealou8 of the rapid spread of Chris- 8' in that region, determined to set place for himself, within whose limits fiis reign should be supreme, and where no raoul should ev«r hear a whisper of any other kingdom thanliis own. Accordingly, he ordered his subjects to build a wall high enough to reach the sky, and so strong that no power of heaven could prevail against it. Every night and all night these spirits of darkness toiled, piling np huge blocks of stone, but with the first ray of morning light they were obliged to flee to their dark caves, and as soon as the sun rose, the stones, by some invisible hands were always thrown down again. At last, in utter despair of ever being able to complete their work, they abandoned it, and the result of that momentous enterprise is a broad range of picturesqne rock stretching from Blanken- burg to Ballenstedt, and very beautiful it is with its growth of mountain shrubs and wild flowers. At Blankenburg one can sojourn pleas antly for a week, making charming pedes trian tours in the environs. These tours are most interesting in late summer, when the heather is in fullest bloom, its oountless tiny bells shedding a rose tint over the Whole landscape. In walking to the Regenstein, about two miles north of the city, one's path is lined with flowers, and every crumbling ruin of the ancient fortress is fringed with blos soms. A curious old place is this Regen stein, or Reihenstein, with its x'omantic associations, its memories of illustrious heroes, and its grewsome legends. In 479 a.d-, if we may credit ancient chronicles, a battle was fought on the spot where Wernigerode now stands. " The people of Thuringia, led by their king, Melvevich, sought to take possession of this region- by driving the inhabitants farther north — banishing them, indeed, to the extreme limit of the Hartz. By the mightv prowess of their champion, Hate- bold, however, the S.hods were victorious ; the Thuringians fled, leaving five thousand of their men upon the field. The Saxons, in gratitude to their hero, agreed to build him a castle in any place which he might designate within their dominion. Wben he beheld this mountain rising precipitously nearly three hundred feet above the plain, he exclaimed to his followers, " Here on this Regenstein let us erect our stronghold 1" (In the ancient Saxon dialect Regen signified Reihen, meaning row or series.) This, accordingly, they did, and though few of the walls are standing, there is a wondrous charm about the old ruin, with its dark passages hewn in the solid rock, its castle keep, aud its mysterious cells. The gloomiest of these, the Teufelsloch. is a round room, measuring in width and height only four feet, and the scene of such frightful torments that we are only too thankful to escape into the sunshine again. During the Thirty Years' War this fort ress was besieged and taken by Wallen- stein ; it was captured by the French in 1757, and scon after dismantled by Frede rick the Great. On the highest point, the watch-tower stands. It is broken away at the lop, the stones have fallen in, and of the sandy soil enough has lodged there to nourish such seeds as are borne thither by the wind ; and a most peaceful aspect it presents with its crown of green shrubs, and its grey mossy sides clothed with trailing vines and oreepers. Blankenburg itself is full of interest ; a quaint old town with irregular streets roughly paved, houses adorned with curious carvings, stone archways overgrown with ivy, while high above the market-place, far removed from the sound of toil and traffic, the ducal chateau rises white and fair against its dark background of wooded hillB. This is a summer residence of the Duke of Brunswick, and of course many romantic ta'es cluster around it — what would a castle be worth without them ? It is haunted, also, at various times and sea sons, the chief ghost being that of " the white lady of Blankenburg." She seldom appears when strangers are present, and indeed theold castellan informed us that she is 'more often heard than seen. As she flits through corridors and halls the rustle of her robes is distinctly audible, while doors open and close behind her, although at the time they may be double locked and barred She is supposed to be the once famous Countess von Orlamiinde, who, for some evil deed committed while in the body, can find no rest in the grave, aud so returns to wander aimlessly through the old castle. The portrait of the "white lady" has its jplace in the gallery among those of other ances'ors of the house of Brunswick. The most beautiful of all the pictures in the cattle is that of Maria Theresa, who spent much of her early life here, and whose portrait now adorns' the exquisite room which was once her own bondoir. Her entire suite of apartments is thrown open to visitors, as well as the ducal library — a large, handsome room containing a few rare pictures and works of art — the armory, dining- room, and grand entrance hall. From the terrace a fice view of the sur rounding country is obtained, and abroad avenue leads down to the high road. On our way from Blankenburg to the : Brocken we turned aside, from the main road, following a path up a steep hill, called Ziegenkopf, on the summit of which is a restaurant and garden, where we dined. Onr host greeted us in such fluent English that we ventured to compliment him thereupon, when, with a shrewd smile, he replied. "I am no German; I am an Ameri- .can, and fought for the Union during the whole civil war 1" Where may we not look for our soldiers after this? Could any thing be more amazing than to run across a. Massachusetts soldier catering to the apricious appetites of travellers of every nation on a granite peak of the Hartz Mountains ? \ This bill is a most attractive spot, rising nearly fourteen hundred feet above the plain, with an outlook clear and uninter- rpted ; and there in the still summer after noon, with scarcely breeze enough to rustle the leaves overhead, we gazed dreamily away into the dark fragrant, ..woods, into the valley glowing with sun light, and at the distant summits over .which faint wreaths of mist were curling, too light to conoeal, only making softer their rugtred outlime. From Ziegenkopf wo prooeeded by dili gence to Wernigerode — an ancient town If.iug &t; ihe toot, of a so(tly rounded eminence crowned by the castle and park of Count cSroiberg- Wernigerode. The hill is covered with magnificent woods on . the one side, v ' 011 the other meadows bright with flowers slope gently down to the T® rone of the pl ,«rode to | the Brocken i ar0utic' the mountain, Prr , the paster I ba3B Of the Holzemme V' renting view or tne _ a approach ' rough wit qui hots®' gged, the scene i the he a tolling r .At one moment next ' j0\i»ge j up a sharp ascent, 1 th J had atones, and dark from ' ' T f interlacing trees ; the loogu r alighted and were walking grasses- _ glades amid fern and waving Biount® .again, we came suddenly upon a i tookf »n brook foaming and plashing over . ittr uuove, to tali into the stream below ; ! en silence and beds of wild flowers — the pale, bluish-white blossoms of the wild let. tuoe, harebells, Alpine roses, and forget-me- nots. Stopping to gather a haudful of these pretty things, there sounded through the Btiilair the tinkle of bells and tho " yodel" or herdsman, who soon appeared driving before him his goats and gentle dun -coloured oows. Soon after, a flock of geese came rushing over the crest of the hill, followed by a most pioturesque old " Gausofran," in a short red petticoat, blue apron and jacket, white- 'frilled cap, and wooden shoes. She carried a crook, and flew down the steep path over the stocks and stones and gnarled roots as fearlessly as her geese. They all went whizz ing by, together with such a flapping of wings and screeching and quacking as might have soared the very witches on the Brocken. We stood breathless till she was nearly out of sight, when some one called to know how many geese Bhe had in her flook. Turn ing her head, she shouted back, " Eiinf bun- dert," and then vanished as completely as if the mountain had opened and swallowed her. Most likely it had, for we were near to the Brocken, and we never saw her nor a solitary goose afterward. As we now made the toilsome ascent'be- tween enormous granite boulders, the rocks assumed most grotesque shaped, and we be gan to fe8l the influence of this awe-iDspir- ing spot, the abode of hobgoblins and spectres, stirring within us. We fanoied we could see the witches dancing round the " Teufelskessel " in which their loathsome supper- was preparing, and glanced askance at the " Devil's Pulpit," the " Witches' Altar," and the " Goblin's Drinking Cup," as their forms showed dimly through the clouds now risi»g from the valley. The sun had set and night was fast closing in around us. Now we heard distant thnnder, the wind whistled and shrieked, and the air was full of strange, shadowy forms. What matter if they were only clouds of vapour rolling up from the depths below ? Were we not justified, in the darkness of that haunted place, iu thinking them witches waving their besoms threateningly, and then vanishing with a sound of flapping wings ? We could no longer see even so far as onr horses' heads, yet on we drove through mist and rain, trusting blindly to our guide to land us —somewhere. A sudden ray of light streamed across our . path, and we found ourselves at the open door of the inn. This sight revived onr spirits at once, and a hot supper, ten minutes later, served to restore our failing courage ; for it must be confessed that daring the laBt half hour some of our party had sorely repented ever having set foot in the witches' dominion. Under the influence of a warm and brightly lighted room, however, things assumed a different aspect. Stories were told, Brooken mysteries dis cussed, and miduight settled down upon the mountain as quietly as over our peaceful hills at home. We were to be called at four o'clock to see the sunrise ; and on a clear morning— of which there are two or three during the season — the view from this height must be glorious. The first words that greeted me in the morning were these: "Eight o'clock, as I live ! What do you suppose the witches have done with the sun? There isn't any here. Look!" And dialing aside the curtain, there was not only no sun, but no world ; everything bad vanished utterly. We were above the clouds and in tbem and under tliem ; there was no sky, no earth, nor even a Bound to remind us of the world we had left only the night before. Suddenly from our 6tove, a great ungainly German' affair, there issued a noise as of crackling fire; but no human hand had touched that stove ! A breath of sul phureous vapour was exhaled through the room, aud each moment the air grew heavier and hotter. Yerily this was unendurable. Summoniug the philosopher of the party, we begged him to explain this phenomenon, whereupon he calmly stated that the stove was built up, according to a fashion of this region, for the donbie purpose of warming two apartments, aod the draughts and place for kindling happened to be on the other side of the wall. Ignoring the shunts of laughter from the rest of the party, we , humb'y suggested breakfast, and then a speedy flight from '.his diubolioal region. Before taking onr departure, however, we groped about among the clouds, hoping for a glimpse of — something, not " the spc-otre ;" we bad had enough of that. We listened calmly while onr host enumerated the cities an<i- towns and mountain-peaks and rivers and plains and the rest of the world that could be seen from the tower in fair weather, while for us the tower itself was a mere shadow looming up before our windows as the mist lifted for an instant, and then melting away agam before we had decided whether, it was square or lonnd. The ouiy substantial thing worth record ing wbich we f.-und on that mountain was a gigantic St. Bernard dog. We discovered his bead and shoulders, and then coaxed him into the house that we might have a full view. He proved to be as baudsome as he is brave, this noble " Leo," who has rescued from suffering and death many a traveller lost in the olouds of this strange upper world. As we drove away from the Brocken a harden seemed lifted from our souls, and the sweet valley eoboed with onr songs and laughter. Was there ever a day so full of sunshine and singing ef birds as this that greeted ns after onr strange imprisonment? Trees, brooks, flowers, everything whispered a welcome. Retracing our Bteps along the road we bad traversed yesterday, we turned &t;>ide at Ilsenbnrg that we might take a peep at least into the valley over which, according to tradition, fair Princess Ilse reigns. We rested under the shadow of her rock, the beautiful IlsensteiD, listened to her silvery voice where she goes singing and leaping down the mountain, and reoalled the story of the wilful child who finally became a " princess of the purest water," and a bless ing beyond price to all who dwelt in the sweet IlEenthal. 