OLD LETTERS. WITH rosy ribbon's laded ghost to bind them, Long forgotten amid things we all forget, X& a chest of ancient souvenirs I find them, Faintly soented from old crumbled mignonette. And as now I slowly read them, solemn-hearted, I imagine, with a vague phantasmal dread. That among their yellowed pages I have parted The inviolable cerements of the dead 1 Here are words that shine with sunny expectation Of returning over sea to friends and home: " When at last this gaudy Carnival's elation Discontinues, we shall tear ourselves from Home." Like a brook the merry language ripples brightly; Well.she loved, that happy sister, what life gave! Let me think how many years it is that nightly Stars have glimmered on her lonely Roman grave! Sere is writing that I almost hold as holy; He was such a light of learning. Brother Ned 1 Equal gentleman to lofty or to lowly, With his candid Saxon eyes and golden head 1 Father chjded him too sternly, always crying At his boyish college love of cards and wines 1 Ah, how often 1 hare dreamed I saw him dying Far away among those Oregoaian mines! Here are leaves where still the soul of Eummer lingers; . " Come to-morrow, love ; the country is so dull.' .Oh, the perfume of those cottage-door syringas, And the twilight of the meadow's languid lull! Oh, the fire-flies, with their dizzy glitters woven Through the boskage of the copses dark and damp! Oh, the rapture while she gently played Beethefven In the parlour where the moth was at the lamp 1 It is lately as last August that I met her , At the crowded Newport ball where 1 had strayed, One a widower ot sixty-two and better, One a dowager with feathers and brocade. Was it fancy that sometimes looked severely At her pretty daughter's partner in the waltz ? Could it happen that a meagre income yearly Was conspicuous among his youthful faults 1 Drear momentoeB of those disannulled affections, Like the rays from planets that no longer glow, With your tidings that are ghostly resurrections, It were wiser to have burned you long aao! Tet, alas! what wasting flame's in tenser flashes, With the reddest creed destruction can endow, Could have made you the irrevocable ashes That annihilating Time has made you now! 