Tins .ia tho fifth occasion " Tho Tasma- niun Tribune" has hud an opportunity for congratulating its readors upon the oponing of n Now Yonr. Among English- speaking people, no matter in customs, sports, and even tho projudicos nnd popular superstitions, character istic of tliu nice will bo found to " bo "as rigidly prosorved us,thoy nro in the old country. There is perhaps one' except tiou to the rule, and that is the com parative v/oaknoHS .of. the faith of colonists in the vagiirien and frolics of ghosts, witchos, : warlocks, fairies, and all othor such creations of tho imagina tion. Among the native bom of any of the Uritish sottlenicntfl, no matter Jiow confirmed the belief of their parents , or nurses may bo in airy and super-natural beings us buoIi a larrikin as " played up" with thoimnsortal Turn O'SImnter for instanco— it is a iioticeablo fact that wo never yet hoard of a solitary instanco of a nafcivo born person, malo or .fomalo, young or old, who so far respected or heeded the interesting accounts of the sayings and doings .of "tho aerial phan tasms who haunt lite grnyo' yards, tlio old ; woods, and ruins (if; tho mother country, as to permit thorn' to have tho sligiitesti'oflbct. .upon the pbrverso : ob stinacy of their incredulity. But not withstanding their1 want of faith in this particular creed, of their forofathera tlieio is tno lack of lovo for their national sports and pastimes, and no disposition to omit ah opportunity for exhibiting practical .proofs 'of their willingness to 'adopt their modes of colobr.uing thuir periodical festivals. Horse races, cricket matches, boating excursions,3 pleasure trips, picnicri, re gattas, excursions by railways, nro tho forms through which lovors of pleasure usually Duiecu to eujjy nimifuivca, hi England ns well us in lior colonies— a convincing proof tliat a clinngo of scono or olimato, or a transplanting from one part of the world to another, makes no liiorc alteration in the customs, habits and tastes of tho British race, than it does in thoir loyalty to, or tlioir lovo of tho country tlioy sprung from. Tho year that tho last midnight stroke of tho clock closed a fow hours ago, lins been an eventful one in many respects, To us Tasmnninns it has brought a mixture of evil as well as of good. That which may. be considered as good lias boon thrust upon us by a. favouring eliango of fortune, brought about by no oflort made or temptation offered to tho capricious goddess by ourselves. .The accidental discovery of vast mineral resourcos, has oponed opportunities for roviving — or it nmy bo more in accord ance with truth to say for creating or infusing a spirit of onorgy and ontor- priuo in our pcoplo and Government, tlio want of which has been tho causo for so many years of tlio .humiliating, position wo havo occupiod among tho otlior British peopled sottloinonts in tlio Pacific. This lucky- oponing; of illi- niitalilo Rnuvnna nf wealth for canital nnd labour to profitably oporato upon, if proporlj' takon advantage of, can bo so used, as to inako Tasmania one of tho wealthiest and most progressive of all Hor Majesty's Foreign Settlements. But tlio danger is, that tho prejudices of Parliament and tho ignorance and wiint of capacity of Government, nro suoh lis nro likoly to doprivo tho Colony , of tho bonofit of tho now discoveries as not. In fact, judging from tho way tho Mineral Leases Act was, in tho Legislative Council, mutilated arid so shaped to . moot tho solfish views. of a fow monopolists to tho groat discour agement of tlio Independent Minors; thoro nro gbnd roasons for approhonding that our mineral, liko our ngricrilturnl lands, will pnss from public and goriornl use into, tho possession of a vory small,, but a very selfish section, of tlio cpm- munity. Grout, anil well founded complaints nro heard on evory side of tho modo in which tho mineral legisla tion ot tlio last sossion of Pnvliamont has boon conducted. Among the good results of mining operations during tho past year, rininerensingroveniio is not tho tho least 011 titled to appreciation ; but it would ho ungr.itoiul not to acknow ledge tho. invaluable assistance given to tlio ucvolopmont ot onr lnintng in dustry; through tluw quick rind clioftp moans of locomotion, provided by tho iniich and most undeservedly abused Main Lino Railway. And this is not tho only benefit conferred upon tho Golony.by tho line. Leaving out of view tho many opportunities it has afforded tlio Colonist, for moving from one part of tho country to anothor— nnd for exchanging courtesies, and.ho- coniing personally acquainted — it litis been the moans., of keeping within roasoiiablo limits tlio prices of animal food., in i this i,city, and ol". circulating tliroiigh-tho inliind districts tlio produco of tlio ' extreme' southern . sottloinonts. Among tho blessings arid benefits wehrivd to bo thankful for tlio imprqved usefulness of tho Main Line of Railway is urn doubtcdly entitled to rank among tlio most prominent. Looking at tlio loss ivLtraotivo sldo of tho post year, wo aro compelled to recognise among tho evils of which it presents us with aviow — tho dcspciiito and ficrco conflicts for power, which ihutiiiaiuoy ui uiu uiuu nuw iii ihu position of MiniBtorspioduced, and asono oftheconsequoncesiinotheryoar of Legis lative barrenness. The iritorcsts of .tho colony cruelly s fieri (iced to a poor and a moan ambition, without any elevated pip noso to iuipart dignity, 61- unselflsli lovo of epuritrj ...t.?. give it logitimaoy. Tho past year, like four or nvo"C. l's preileoussors, has been worse than n blank iii tho history ot Parliamentary Government. in.„T«smani«, and adds another' to the ninny proofs that- a, l-adioal eliango ill . tlio-.lVnneliiso grind constitution of tlio Legisliitui-o is an indispensable -condition precedent to:tho , . ''-'-mont of a good and impartial 03 i l,"'Tf T'"',t!on and Government, system of Jjcgisi—. whieh.shall operate for the gtM&wW.V; and not for tho henolit of n singlo cliisB.' | Apoi-t Ji-om 11 rnoroly jiolitical viowj tho i last yoar has boon not among the east oneournging Tasmania1 lias passed thrbtigh, and wo liopo that tlio ono wo have just entered upon may not bo.lossl prosperous or fruitful of , ovils. Tiioro isa tlmmlor-cloiul lowering ovor Europe, wliioh, for the sako of humanity, wo trust may not dischnrgo its bolts ovor any wider fluid than that to which its droadod yisitntiops.nt present oxtend. J\Vodo nbtshiiroin'theapproliansiontliat England, or indeed any otlior oountrios ihutr.thoso.. now ongagod- in a -death struggle are likely. ;to :be- involved,. for our boliof is that pyon Franco and Italy ' will join tho 1'liroo Emperors whon tho! tinio comes for negotiating tho tarms of poacb, and wo avo unable to forcBeo how England could oppose United ..Europe with' 10,000,000 of trained soldiers - to support their -decisions.;' From,. the. tbrio of tho Fronclb Italian, and Gorman pTqiers, it is' quite' evident .that a new mnp of Europe is to bo tho result of tho war, ancl that France is guaranteed, by some now coiicossioiiHori tho shorosof tho Mediterranean, compensation tor tlio loss of Alsnco and Lorraine.-. Italy,- too; is to liavo her limits oxtoudud to tlioso.bf the, Italian Tyrol ; wliilo Austria is to liavo' liors widened on 'tho sido of Turkoy. Oonsidniiiig: tlio .-facts to bo: collected from tho nfore-montiouod journals, we hnvo conio to the conclusion, that unless England' rcsqlv6ii'..t6 liglit against all- Eiiropo th'ero is no ohriiiSo of a gonoral ,ynr. .' For.' those reasons' we do ' not ' ap- pi'bhpiidi.tliat' .during thpp present yoar tho . peaoo ' of Her Majesty's colonial possossions is likely to bo disturbod by foroign .enemies. Tiioro is, however, ono drawback to our pleasant, prospects for tlio, year, nnd thnt is tho abnormally unfavourable sonBon .wo bavo had for so protracted a' period. Wo - rogrot to hear from all parts of tho . colony un favourable --reports of -orops , of, all dosariptions. " No grass," " no orops," constitute tho burthen of all aomplaints, and tlio worst is tho sonson in now too far advanced- to leave us reasonable grounds for hoping that any appreciablo improvement in our harvest prospects can , take place — in fact, it is, " too Into.1' Howevor, wc uiust' only liopB for tho best. Providence is good, and it ,mny so turn out that the superabund ance of other countries may find its way to' supply tho dofleiencios of others less favourably situated. Wo shall now-, bring our remarks to a close, with- a sin-l eoro wish that oacli and all of our vendors may onjoy tho present yoar of 1878 happily, and -live to liavo foi muuy'moro years to como, ronewod opportunities for sooing tho old year out and its suc cessor introduce'., among tlio pealing oi joy-belis, and tho fcativd' ploasurcs of a happy peoplo. . '- ; - - We nro happy to moot tho old frionds ot the " Tribuno " in an improved form at tlio oponing of tho yoar. l'lio new typo now uaod will bo equivalent to an addition of four columns to our spaco, ovou should wo continuo to use our present sisod shoot. But this is not our intention, as tho machinery nnd .papor required to place tho "Tribuno" on an equality with any otlior journal in Tasmimia, aro now in Transit from Molbourno. Tho enlarged nanor would liavo mado its nnnearnnco this morning, but that tho timo we' had to riinko our preparations was so limitod, wo found it impossible to roaiiso our wishos, nnd to fulfil tho hopes and expectations of our numerous friends and supporters How greatly tho revival of tho " Tribuno " lins troublod n fow " very kind frionds " in this city 'wo are constantly rccoiving uumistabnblo proofs. One day through proceedings in the Police Office ; and on anotlior through tolegraraa of. a spiteful and mendacious character, concocted in Hobart Town,' and transmitted through a corresponding agont in Launcoston to tho " Argus." A ohoico spocimon of this sp'ocios of filo-biting oan bo road in tho "Argus'! of Friday last, containing!! grairi of fact Bivollod into a formidable lie, by tho aid of tho coucocler'a imagination operat ing under tho influouco of mniicious disappointment, and the dread of rivalry. No dolay will bo made in presenting our renders .with a journal flttod to take rank, ovon in a mechanical point of view, with any in Tasmania. Arrangements liavo' boon mado with' lloutor's Company for ri rcgulnr supply of Colonial and Enropoari tolograpliio intolligonco, and nothing.' will be loft undone to attract and socuro tho support of tlio public, who have, wo are happyfto say, nover withdrawn thoir con fidence from a journal that lias, through many trials nnd difficulties, uphold with out sworving from tlio . trpo prinoiples of domocratio govornniont arid popular liborty, tho cause of tho pooplo. Tim Enowsii SfAir, — Tlio lt.JI.S Assnni, with tlio incoming English Mails, having loft Gnllo on tlio liHli nit., a day boforo contract timo, it was only to bo expected; Hint she should hnvo tumod up at Adolaido yesterday, supposing hor to have maiutniued tho high i-ntb of speed she allowed on tier last trip.' It is unnccouiitablo -why- her arriynl. at Albany, 'Vyostom Australia, has uotbeou telegraphed. Borliaps the now lino is not ill, good working ordor:. , 'i'ho cliequored flag aunounoing her arrlvnl nt Adolaido, may, liowovor, bo looked for to day. — ...-. ' i The Itusso-Tuincisn Wan.— Tho Sultan 'ap oars, to liavo, .mado, a, direct appoal to Grcaf-nHtairi to' hiodioto in 'order that peace may ho 'restored; and .'John Bull haa'maga naiiimouuly consented. 'I' Let 'us hopo that Russia,- oxporicnoihg as-sho is doing tho great lisrdships- and difficulties of tho w piter psm- paign iyil| ho inolinqd:. fo qntprtaju lnodo- rato peaoo, proposals, The Austrjan Cievern- mont is showing tliat sho has an eye tq.her. expected division in tho spoils in conciliating tho iohabitarits of tho Herzegeviqa and Bos nia by warning Servio riot to carry tho war into thosoprovineea. Ofcourso Austria is 'desirous of extcriding- hor'eoaboard, and' wi gladly buck up Russia in her wish to acquire more territory, If lier own turn is Borvcd. . .'Eihtinouisukd VisiTons. — His. Excellency Sir William .Tcrvois, Cjovcrilitv, of South Aus tralia, his private seui-etrp-y, Mr. Warner, nnd Colonel Scratch ley, arrived at tho' city ter- ininus Inst evening by the express.' Tliey wore received on tho iilntrnrm by- Lieut.Cnlnuel St. Hill, His Excellency's pnvnte ficerctary, Ilis Woi-slii') the kiuyor, Alilennon I'iljeHTarumu-t, rind IfiiloyJ tlje Tpwri 01eHr; rind Mr. -inlm Swan, liispeetor of Pollee. Thoy were driven in His Excellency's - enrriago to Government 'Xdllm rviicru Luoy.will . l-)0 ..the guests of Mr.' Wold during their stay. No definite armngomont ! lias yot- been, mailo.. as to the- movements of tlio gallant and distinguished visiters, hut wo fiopo to fio able to niuininieo in a fow days tlioiprogiainino t)f. tll«r douigs on roiiortllig upon the defciwos of llqlnirt Tmyii from tliein:,-.-,- . Theatuk Royau — Tho favourite comedy. " Much Ado .'.About nothing", was repeated, last evening to a' largo 'nnd fishionablo as- dicnco, tho'loiding clmraotor fnilingas usual to the lot of Mrs Scott-Siddons. Atthecoai plusion that lady thanked tho nudionco' I for tho shown horj andyyishod tfioin i «U » happy NowFrillti Mns. Weed's Eeceptiohs. Jrhe rocom mqneomont of Mrs. Wold's rcc'options is unftvoidnbly postponed from /Wednesday. 2nd iuat, till WodncRday tho 9thi V- SroKTS illti Koiitu Hodart/.—Wo diroot nttontion to tho sports to-4y»at Host Vatkins's, Waggon nnd nbrso%v Upper Argylc-slroot. Wo nro informod tno sports will lio carried out upon tlio sam#principle, aud. invtho snmo. ordorly; Tnnnner as thoso which camo off at the abovo place,' nnd gnvo so groat sntinfaoHon to all con- ro0ruod on Bowng;UftfTiu5L I f ' 4< T?itB Tasmania? Oatiioijo Stand aud."— Wo aro requostod by Mr ll.1 G. Fitzsimons, -tho proprietor of u ThoTnnianian Oatliolio ) Standard,1/ ,to , coll attention .to, its being printed' nt tho ' u Tribuno' offloo. It is' in typu,and will bo ready for publication on Thursday noxt. j Disgraceful Disturbance. — Between one and two o'clock yesterday morning a dis turbance, wo boliovoof nojuucommqu ocour- rouco, took placo in Liveipoql-stre'ot nearly opposite that classio rotrcftt known as Help. mo-through-the-Worldpubliohouso— aliouso of flinrfc nnA iirmrAnneanueinrr nnnnnrilllCO— tho husband, wife, nnd t\jo of tho family in dulged in ono of tlioso domostio brawls that so. of ton mar tho ponoo of n household of a oortnin olass. Tho father oft tho family, an' old man of 00 or thorenbonts, who liad com mitted thnt most common of offoucos— 4 11 gotting drunk," was nttnoked by his wife, his dnughtor, nnd his -son, and so success- ' fully were thoir oporntious was conducted, that in tho eudthooldgouUemnu wasloffcwith two. largo open wounds iu his bond, from which a plentiful stroam of blood poured, nnd disfigured his fonturos nnd habiliments. Tho father, ovorcomo by superior strongth and numbers, had recourse to abusive bra- 'ghngo, and with tho choicest words of a. most oxtonsivo vooubnlnry, assailed liis ah- itngoiiists and delighted n rufiianly crowd that had nssombled round tho door. This state of things lasted for twouty-fivo minutes when a constable leisurely proceeded — com ing- from tlio directiou of .lower Liverpool street— to tho'scohoj dispersed 'tho gathering: and 3nccoodod in roturmng sonto dogreo of J quietness. After ho left tho disturbance, though in n modified form, was renowed, and although ono member of ilio forco was con spicuous for his frequent entrances to nud exits from tho house tho commotion continued with more or loss intensity for somo time. Attention has frequently boon drawn to cer tain plnces in that neighbourhood, yot the required remedy has novor boon appliod, and novor will until a now regime is iiisti- fiifnrl na rnnnvVIa Wnlin'n a'nnQmnBinii " Auckland Art Exhibition. — In our notice of tho success which Mr W. C. Pigueuit achieved at tho Art Exhibition ho?d recently in Auckland, wo fiud thnt wo wero not cor rect in stating that Mr ; Syinons and Mr Pipuonit woro rival Competitors for the samo prize. Tho highest awards wero mado to both thoso gcntlomon : tho first prizo iu water colours to Mr Symons ; tho first prizo for oil pointings to Mr Piguenit. ge?i:nal Hospital,— Tlio following is tlio return for tho weok ondiug 22nd Deeem- bor In pntionts, 92 ; admitted since, 31 ; Uisohnrgcd, 29 ; died, 4 ; romaimng 29th December, 90 j disponsnry patients, 14(5, jPr.ovisiONK Fon the "NVest Coast Fros- feotors.— A deputation of gentlemen in terested in tin mining, nnd who nro specially interested iu tho opouing up of tho West Coast, waited yostordny afternoon upon tho Mihister of Lands to nrgo upon -him the hninodinto necessity of sending succour to , the prospooting'pnrtius in tlio Pieman Itivov, \ Uio vessel convoying provisions for them having, ns our readors nro awaro, utterly fnilcd to cross the bar, and boou compellod ! to put back. The deputation was com posed of Sir .Tamos M. Wilson, the lion: Tiuncs Lord, ML.O., Mr Adyo Douglas, M.li,A,. MrD. Lewis, M.1I.A. Dr. Smart, Messrs." Iroliihd, Elliott, Uonloy, Oastrny, Oldham, nnd Willoughby. Sir (Tames Wilson, iu introducing tho Bubject, roferrcd to the pi ogress of exploration iutho West Const, cnumorntiug somo of tho difficulties under which prospcoting parties thoro IIWVH1I.UI uu moil (ivmmu UUu liUU lltUb UIHI, tho vossols ladon.with provisions hod latterly all boon unnblo to cuter the Pteninii Itivor, aud urged tlio peril the prospectors would be in, unless Government stopped in and offered roliof. To accomplish this object, he suggested thnt a steamer laden with pro-, visions 'should bo sent round, as the pro bability of a sailing vcbsoI being able to cross tho bar was very faiut. Tho Minister of Lands, in reply, admitted the seriousness of the matter which the deputation had \- laid boforo him. Ho understood, however, that two vcssols' oithor had started, or were about to start, from Launcoston for the Pieman. Itivor, and thoy migut reudor action on tho port of tho.Goyernment unnecessary. Should thoy not succeed in orossiug tho bar, ho would upon his own responsibility spoud £100 out of tho £1000 voted for exploration purposes' in- sending a steamer to sucooiir tho prospectors, Tho doputntion then with drew. ! On tm?TiucK at Last.— For tho lnst two or throe weeks, says tho " Examiner," there liavo beoujriqnpurs afloat;. that tho man ltichnrdsbii, suspected of tho Into jewellery robbery, liad been socn here, there, and ovorywlioro, but nothing doiluito was known as to his whorenbouts. Tho polico on Sun day, however, from information received, woro placodnpon his'tntek m onnicsti nnd though Uioy did not suecoed in capturing him, it is now cortain that Iticlianlsou hod hover left Lauueestqp. . DQtoptivp ."Wilson, accompanied by Special Constable Urc nnd Cons- able W. Scott, in following up tho in- formation reocived, proceeded to a.plnoo lu iligh-streot near Uio ScolblvBurlal Ground. uii arrival tuoy lounu tucir quarry liad just decamped, ho no doubt seeing thoir ap. iproncli. Tlio polico, wo nro informed,; saw him in tho act of escaping, nnd stnrtod in pursuit, but Riclinrdson wob too fioot of foot for tbem, and managed to got awny, . Jm courso of his flight ho oloarefl n briar, h'ddgp, and the polico not being so activo were uu- ablo'to. fqllqiy him, ' Thoy tlieu roturned to his hiding pjfWo,.whovOithey found a yit n ... bottle of ale, nnd somo bread, T '' ITASKnjq1 , .Tni-UIlNF.KAL 1 LEASES Vihou Iho 'Minoral Leases Bill passed from tho Houso of Assembly into tho Logislativo Counoil, although not a por- wns a good measure, through tho operation of whieh many of tho defects of the then oxist? >ing 'legislation could be remotlied. Iu the Upper Houso it foil among Philistines— that ,.spequla«nB ownore offing sjiriresi>aa .othors skilled in \\\p cqnqrng ways, of ontor- pyising attorney s deeply ooncorned iutho raising of monopolies of oil kinds. When tho rbill was roturned to top Bouse of As sembly thoro vrnq soaTcoly a olauso of tho ongiqal left. l|Jho spirit and interest of tho fnrmers'had completely disappeared, and instead of being a bill to promote tho mining interests of tho country, it wasmoroproporly n scheme for discouraging mining, unless conducted for tho bonoflt a low com panies, aud throwirigovevy- possiblo obstmc- v.«.» m nuy muivmiini oiuorpriso nnd lnaopendont labour. It beoamo a matter of. doubt with the House of Assembly whether such n pnlpably class piece of legislation ought to bo accepted or not ; but nfteomQ hesitation and a few alto, rations of its nowly ncqnirocj qollbpls,' i'i was resolved to lot it pnss, in tho liopo thnt somo other opportu nity, might occur for doing justice to a most enterprising section of - tho community. When tlio bill was again roturned to tho . Legislative Council, with rin 'effrontery noth ing could oxcoed, tho londor of tho old hnclcneyod placp-lppitore r.oinrkdA— r« ho was, fjony tlio hpnoutablo' iriombor for tho Tamar (Sir Qrubb) was hot present to dircot tlieOouncU what to.do-r qH hp .wan afraid, ilicj 'bilj whloji1 loft tlio olinnibor Ro'muoli iiii. .prpvort, wft» nindo ighash of olsowhoro!': This was ronlly good, coming as it did from one of tho lending mes-mnkers thomsolvcB. Wo hope tho minors will not Yorget thp 9.are innnifest'd in thoir intev.eftf s'' by. - MesarB Ghibb, Ohnpmap anu Co., tho champions of class' lcgislaiiou'in 'tho past, as w, olios Uiq prosonL' ' " " v ' j7 A DiHAiTOiNTRIrE Server— Tlio "Launcoston Examiner" of J-'aturday Inst, in torniBi not to bo niistnkoiH draws attention ian littlo nontly nrrangoil schomo, dovisedirfH Ministers, for rewording tho parlinmHRry services, rondored by Captain GUtnore dnring tho last session. Tho foots nllogcdJm»d commented upon nw thoso.— When Captain Gilmoro uccoptcd tno office ,of Colaaiilifeeorotary in tho Kennerloy Ministrn||HChnpmnu cashiered, he re signed IimmH&s; n Wnrdon of tbo Marino Board. r'niBGovornmont pat in his place Mr lleury Dowling, who, at tho closo of lus term of Borvico, was honoured by tho thanks of tho. Government, and a request that ho would permit himself to bo nominated for a second period of sorvico. Mr Dowling com plied, and whon his second yonr of sorvico expired, 'he again -roccived the thanks of -his nominators, but unaccompanied by a request for permission to bo again designated as tho representative of tho' Government.' on tho Board. It was ovidont somothing "was up" that hidden causes woro operating, which for a timo, csonped detection. Timo how evor, brought to light tlio littlo sohomo, and- the iollowlug aro tno tacts wniou inquiry succeeded in briuging to light. It appears there is a suug Rnlhry nttnehod to tho offioo .of Mnstor Warden of £150 por annum, and scnrcoly anything to do. This nice littlo incouio Onptain Gilmoro wns prepared: to accept, as a ro ward for tho gront sacrlflco ho mado of iilsprinoigles nndpoliticnloharacto r His rendincss to bo content to flfl. n place so humbly remunerated became known', but strnuge to' sayA did not cxcito such debp' sympathy among tho Wardens as might bo oxpoctod., v Through envy or jealousy of his ovorshodowing public abilities and virtues, his patriotic advhnoes mot with anything but favour, nnd this becoming known, tho outraged oaptnin refused to occipy-the placo of Warden, unless that of MnBtor Wnrdon was a moi'nl cortainty. The schomo ; hnvihg fallen through, Mr Dowling was apponlod to by tho Govornmont to resmmo 1 his place onco more at the Board and Captain Gilmoro is consequently obliged to bido tho falling of somo other windfall, and to add to his bouquet of other public virtues, the 8wcct'8cented flower of patiouoo. Ours isa; Government vorily, that knows /how ( All prevailing is tho influence of mammon on tho affeetions and hearts of their ' Virtuous followers. '' 'i'; 