ST. DAFIDS CATHEDRAL PARISH SUNDAY SCHOOL. s LAYING THE MEMORIAL STONE, On Saturday afternoon the ceremony of laying the memorial-stone of tho now building, to bo used for the St. David's Cathedral Parish Sunday School, and Synod Hall, on the sito of the former School m Harrington-street, took place in tho presence of a largo number of parishioncis and other visitors. For some years coneiderablo mconveniouco hid boen experienced by tho want of inei cased ac- commodation for tho Sunday School, but although tho matter had boen frequently spoken about, it Was not till twelve or eighteen months ago that tim movement for a new building took definite shape. and a committee was formed to promoto tho object. Since then donations to the building fund have been collected, and the amount was sufficiently libeialto encourago the committee to obtain architectural de- signs from Mr. Henry Hunter, and a contract nas entered into with Mr. William Androws to oioct the structure, which was commenced in January last, »o that tho work is by this time considoiahly advanced, although not so much so, as it would have been but for tho scarcity of labour and the great work involved in the foundations which were neces- sarily very deepjowing to the builder having had to follow the rock. All the footings have been put in, and the walls in part have been erected to tho height of six or seven feet. The style of the design is of a simple early English character, embracing school- room,, class rooms, and Synod Hall on tho ground floor, with rooms above, for the residence of the hall-keeper. The main building is to bo of stone from Mr. Andrews's quarry at Stringy Bark Hill. The schoolroom 60 ft. hy 28 ft., class-room, olf the schoolroom, 24 ft. by 16 ft., with separate yards far boys'ind girls. The dimensions of the Synod Hdl will bo 44J ft. by 28 ft. Two trout elevations aid entrances are embraced by the plan, one m Harrington-street, and tho other on Victoria-streit. The inside height of the buildings will be 25 ft., aid the height of tho belfry 56 ft. The work ¡B to be completed by the end of the present year, and tluro will beaccommodation for fivehuudred children. The number of scholars at present belonging to the school is about 300, with 100 in the brauch achtel at Wapping. The arrangements for the gathoring included Hie children, who assembled at the Central Schoil, Bathurat-street (which is now temporarily occupbd , ei Sundays for St. David's School, by permissnu of the'loard of Education), at 2 o'clock, and walled thence p procession to the site of the new buildings, a nutnior of banners with crosses being bone by acodara. The procession was attended by the Veiy Rev. Dean Bromby, several . of he clergy, land ten youthful choristers, in tluir surplicei A platform, erected near the memoial atone was occupied by the Dean, and Revs. Meers. Beresford, Gray, Grunccll, and -Hugill. Ou he 'eastern side of the Memorial Stone a Mason aid Hamlin organ, lent for the occasion by Mesrs. Walch and Sons, was presided over by Mr. F.A. <á'Paí]?er.,the Cathedral Organist ; the choristers iu eludingiDr. Farman, Mr. Langley and tho .en youths n their surplices. There wero present a large nimber of ladies, includiug Miss Bromvy, Lady Snith and daughters, the Misses Bobin and others ; and among tho gentlemen wire .th« Reis. Joseph Mayson (Swansea), Caion Batley fit. John's, Goulburn-street), R¡ -Wibén (Chrenas), Hughes, etc., und Messrs. Man'ey, Sttart. [Morgan, G. Benson, Rex, W. H. J. Pearce (of Canada), Barnard, Chancellor, Solly, Luos, c|berg, Dowdell, Hood, etc. Mr. Hunter (arbi- ter,), Mr. W. Andrews (contractor) and >Ir. Jdn Crow (oversoer of works) were in ofilial anndauce during the ceremony. The Right Bt. Bishop Bromby arrived at half-past 2, iad thi proceedings commenced soon aftcrwads. Prited copies of the "Office for laying tho Foin dabn Stone of a Sunday School" were districted ainag the visitors. The level and mallet ised wet the same as were provided for H.R.H.tho Duk of Edinburgh for laying the foundation ebne of a David's Cathedral when the Duke visted Tasknia. The service was intoned by the Dan, assifcd by the Rev. John Gray. After the sinpng of tljhymn commencing " Christ is the fouuduion of ti school we raise," Ti Bishop procoeded to lay the stono, the trove], mall and level being handed by the arohitccc to the eau, and hy him to the Bishop. The Rev. Mr., ercsford, Curate of St. David's inserted m a cavit'or-'','''^'»M>»-. »Jiottlc hermotiei'lv- -led. \- wjuuubng a few coins ot tr.j-ooMDi, "The Mer try; T'ibun., and Church News, and a doenmen of which lie following is a copy : To tie Glory of God.-The memorial stone oftho Sunday School of Saint David's Cathedral Parish vos laid on the Feast of Saint Potor the Apostle, 'Oth June, inthe year of Our Lord 1878, by Charles 11 nry Lord Bihop of Tasmania, in the piesenceof nlrgo number af Christian people and the children of the Sunday^School ; Henry Bodley Bromby Dom of Hobart Town, being Incumbent of tho Cathelral Parish j Alfred Beresford, Assistant Curate ; Hmry Hugill, Reader; Benjamin Travers Solly, Richard James LICOB, Edward Chancellor, Churchwardens ; Jamos Barnard, John Hamilton, Représentatif ei of the Parish in Synod. The mortar being prepared and spread, tho stono was lowered to its placo, and the BISHOP applied the trowel, tnallot and level in tho orthodox way, at tho same time using the words : "lu tho-faith; of Jesus Christ wo place this stone in the name of the Father, the Son, aud the Holy Ghost, that hero true faith, the fear of God, and brotherly love may dwell ; and that this place may bo set apart for the instruction of the young in holy things, and for the honour of tho Name of tho same pur Lord Jesus Christ, who liveth and roigiioth with tho Father and the Moly Ghost ; one God, world without end. Amen." The BISHOP afterwards addressed to tim as- sembly a few words, saying it would not bo fitting to detain them on that occasion with any length- ened remarks. They had been greatly favored with line weather, although in the middle* of a Tas- manian winter. Much might bo Baid on nu occasion like that, did time permit; he might have adverted to the wisdom of sowing seed at the right timo of the Î'ear, and of giving instruction at the right time of ife, with motives and reasons for inculcating that knowledge in tho youthful mind which tends by the blessing of God to make wiso unto salvation, and to produce tho peace which passoth under- standing ; he might have done so on another occa- sion, and if ho Wera preaching a sermon, lint ho would just Bay that though the Public School system of the colony did not tlnow cold water on the imparting of religious instruc- tion, and gave facilities without compromising the views and principles by winch the system is sustained, it became moro incumbent cn the Christian.Church to supplement the iiSErüctíuVof the publie school by the teaching of tho Sunday school, for he was persuailed- aud he should be borpe out in tjiai by the friends present-that as to » largo number of tjiose children, if they did not receive that knowledge of the truth which made wise unto salvation in the Sunday-school they would not receive it anywhere olso, But ho need not dwell on that. There was a beautiful congruity in the day anti the week in which they wero en- gaged in laying tlqs Memorial Stone of tho Suiulay school, and it was not altogether by design that they met for that purpose «n St. Peter's day. He would, therefore, refer to the intended ínscrip for the stone, ending with the text, "Food my Lambs." After Our Lord had shown His tender- ness and love for little children, and had put His bands on them and blessed them saying, " Suffer the little children to come unto Mo," and when Ho had passed through HadeB, He had not forgotten the little ones ; for it was subsequently to His resuircc tion that He said to Peter, "Feed my LambB," "Feed my Sheep." The appropriate order observed by the Saviour, was first, "Feed my Lambs," and then "Feed my Sheep." And if thoy wanted an ipBtanoe of fitness to engage in the work of in- structing the young in Divine truth, of tho necessary qualifications foV " Fooding tho Lambs," they would toke notice that beforo commissioning the Apostle to feed his lambs, tho question was proposed, "Lovestthou Mo J" and it was when Poter said, " Lord, thou kuowest that I lovo theo !'* that the Lord said, "Feed my Lambs," as if Ho had said ho wanted no other ovidcuco than love to Him, sympathy with His work, thoalfeotion { of the heart to the lambs of tho flock, for His sake, Î of fitness to executo the commission "Feed my I Lambs." Tho Bishop having expressed his solicitude I for the blessing of God to rest upon the enterprise, i and that the building now in courso of orection \ might be happily completad, in succession to old 4 St!' David's, and that thorcin many of tho lambs of \ Christ's Hock might bo instructed in Divino know- ledge, and bo traiuod in tho nurture and admonition lif ¿lie Lord, sajd, as it was a great and glorious \vork, which involved great pocuninry liabilities, ithopgh some munificent contributions had ah cady , bien rocp¡vod( great poraoveraiipo and self-denial must bo exoreisiid in ordor to próvido what was required to oarrjr out the object. Ho applied to v those who loved thoir Muster, moro than tho world, to como forward, and, out of that abundance which God had "blessed thurn with, to aid this gi cat and \ noble work. These who brought their perishable \ wealth to help on a work like that, wero engaged in an adventure, an entorpriao, which must return haudsomo dividends. If they would be faithful and obedient to the claims and teaohings of thoir holy religion, they would realise the promises m.ido by .their great Lord and Master, who said.VI lovo . thom, that lovo me, and those that seek mo -early shall find me j" "Train up a child in the way that he should go, and whdu hu is old he will not depart from it ;" " Thoso that bo planted in tho house of the Lord shall flourish in the courts of Our1 God. They' shall bring forth fruit iu old jjftes they shall hu faf and nourishing." . uIf|te DEAN inti|natod that au opportunity would bo afforded to those present to give thoir offerings m aid of the building fund. And ' wheii lie Void thom tho total amount of 'the coat would bo about ' £2,500, of which they had only one-half in hand, . Moy' would rpodily conoludo that thoy wanted very Bubstautial help, and that at onco ; therefore, ho trusted the parishioners and other friends would liberally respond to tho appeal. Hu might mention that one of their ohief friends, Dr. Agnew, had that day sent a second gift, namoly, £50, in addition to a similar sum previously subscribed. Hu hoped they would lot that be an iuoontivo to thoso present ...to be as liberal us possible in their offerings. Ho ; invited those who ohoto to place their offerings on ,, the Stone, or to contribute to the «alioota» who s ¡paldfoioiittdwiiiijrlakftij \ * í\ ^ Six of the choristers then went round to make the collection. Lady Smith and others* placed their offerings on the Stone Tho total amount collected, including Dr. Agnow's secotid subscrip- tion, was £81. The proceedings wero closed with tho Benediction by tho Bishop. Before tho assembly broke up, they were desired to remain for a few minutes, which they did, and a photograph of tho seono was taken by Mr, Winter, of Elizabeth-streot. In connection with the abovo wp havo received a communication which says :-It ia to bo rcgrottcd that tho musical portion of tho service was of sa unpopular a character that the assemblage could not join in it with tho slightest BIIOW of heartiness -tho tunes of the hymns were exceedingly ill-chosen -the first being sung to a meaningless tuno much too low for childrens' voices, the second' to a vapid, milk and water sort of air even worse than the first. The last two hy inna were the best, being sung to well-known singable tunes. The Psalms wero chauuted to two of the Bacchic strains of tho Ancient Greeks ; very unkindly, and without any tangible proof whatever, attributed to unfortunate Pope Gregory I" under the name of "Gregorian tones," nnd seeing that they were not sung by a large body of voices, and not enriched by the har- monies of a grand organ, the only accessories that" make them bearable, the effect was not ovenvhelm ii g except in its absurdity. Has the Church of England no bettor music to fall back upoii than this ? _ 