THE LAND BILL. A KEW6PAFZB is not like a carpet bag, respecting which there is a superstition that it can never be filled—that always something more can bp. crammed into it. We are obliged to submit to the laws that limit space, and therefore, to give our readers an idea of the Land Bill which Mr Farnell has placed before the country, we must spare them the verbiage anchsupply the concentrated essence. Those of them who desire more satisfaction than ' we ave able to afford them, will. no doubt be able to gratify their wish with very little trouble. The measure consists of eight parts and one hundred and twenty-eight sections. It has one merit: although an amending bill, it takes over unchanged all the .provisions of the existing law which time and experience have approved. It consolidates the laws of 1861 and 'the amending Act of 1875. This it does by repealing them bodily, and incorporating what is necessary of their substance. But as many Acts and things done or begun' under the repealed Acts have created, interests, these' Acts are to be maintained alive for . the' purpose of completing what was not finished, and of maintaining all that ought to be maintained. The Bill, if passed, will undo nothing, nor interrupt anything chat was lawfully completed or , begun under the existing law. .There is one exception to this provision, however. Rights which'may have.'accrued Under the thirty-first section are not to be reoognised, but are to have a new interpretation given to L tbem by the Bilh It; may be that legally persons who appliedJjor land under that much contested part of tho Act of 1875 have a claim In the land, notwithstanding that' they do not hold on lease a clear square block measuring five miles each', way. If thesBill pass -unaltered, these rights will 4>e satisfied if the deposit paid be returned or proffered. We. have some doubt whether, if 'the right has accrued, the : State can relieve itself in this - style" by legislation after the fact, for the law is the law till it is repealeTby the proper authority, and elaims uuder an unrepealed law cannot be. set aside by Parliament without the concurrence 'bf the claimant.: However, the chances' are : thiat the thirty-firfct fediibn is'a 1 ghost which is now pretty thoroughly. ;laid, , and; that no trouble willajome of it; even if Parliament does an ' act 1 ' of - th&orfeticai; injustice: T The attentive . perusal ,of ,the .tdetisure ydll show that it has been framed very carefully on the experience of the Department, "and that its intention is to meet cbtnplaintfl'of the^wprkiii^ of the existing law. We wiab it well, because this is its fcharacter.', Ite I chief pointa may be easily iBUminarised,' for it does not radically change any portion of prae^^systom of,adfiiinistering the Jaw. Ijbenlarges "the privileges, pf sDtne.classes of 3 bnyers of land ; j it • draws the con ditions inore Bfringently';;* it . slightly ^prea8eS|' u tiie tenure' of pastoral lease t holds ; it provides ifor a larger ,i;ental from pastoral leaBes; it establishes new machinery for adtmnisterin|j the depart- TKe tferxn of free Selectors' probation is fco bri ' extended from three years to five %eare,' during ! whidh, jjie^dence ion the land u compulsorjv and tjhe.plUl by yeiy'ptringentproviflious.aRto residence seeks "td;: ivercomis : the .'Uummyism of which sb ; niuch' complniut ''has been le;i The value Of the improvementB is, however, 1 rfeduced from £l tb Ids per acre, and the selector , has . five years in which to make them, Or six where hard- : ship 6an be proved! in individual Oases. Interest upon the . unpaid balance of the purchase money is not to be oharged upon selections made subsequent to. the 'j^B&uig; oftbe Bill,' andinsteaddf an interminable, payment,., as - : under , the Act of. 1861, or of a combined payment of principle "and interest as under the Act Of 1875, the balance is to be paid off in annual instalments, of one shilling per "acre; so that . in . fifteen , years from the date of selection the selector becomes erititled to his grant in fee simple, five shillings per acre..having, as now, to be paid as deposit. Thus though he buys nominally-at 20s per ncre he gets the land for less j realty, w© believe,—-for j we have not m&de; the calculation, wo ahall hereafter make—about 12a fid an acre. The provision with respect t° residence, and aimed at dummyiBm, is that in each of the probationary five years, when the selector offers his instalment, he must couple it with a declaration from a credible person that he has improved to the prescribed value. After the five years he may pay in larger sums than one shilling an acre, or he may sell. Before the expiry of the probationary term be roust not sell, transfer, encumber, or pledge his estate in the land, except under will, when it may be sold by the executors subject to the fulfilment of the conditions except residence, — or under an order in insolvency, or of the Supreme Court, when it may be sold subject to the fulfilment of all conditions. A new kind of selection is provided for: family selection. A selector with children step-children if he has selected the full 640 acres for which the law gives power, may then select foe. each child under seventeen years of age, 80 acres, if the lots can be had adjoining the original holding. These family additions are to form part of the original selection, so that residence on it will fulfil the condition of residence for them. The other conditions of ordinary selection must be observed in respect of them. Provision is also, made for a class of non-resident selectors. They muBt not be already free selectors, or family selectors, and they will be required to pay 30s per acre at the time of selection, and in five years to improve to the value of £2 per acre. At the end of five years their title will issue. As for the squatters, one year leases will disappear with the removal of the old classification of first-class settled, second class settled, and unsettled districts. Five-years leases will be issued to all squatters as the old leases fall in, but there is to be an attempt to reduce the area of every run to 16,000 acres, while not restricting the number of such runs which a single man may hold. The rent is to be fixed by considering how many more than 4000 sheep or 800 head of cattle, the run of 16,000 acres will maintain,- the minimum capability being assumed to be these numbers, and the charge for such 'minimum, which in no case will be lessened, being twenty pence per head per year for every head .of cattle, or fourpence for every sheep. This is, in other words, a rental of one penny per acre. The power to purchase in virtue of improve 'ment is limited.; no improvements will be allowed on. reserves; the system of pre-emptive leases or grass rights to the extent of three times die area of land held in fee Bimple or conditionally purchased, is to be continued, at annual rentals for such leases of not less than 'one penny per acre. Reserves permanently made are to be . withdrawn from lease, and no reserve is completely proclaimed till its boundaries are marked out on the ground itself. One of the most important features of the Bill is the new administrative machinery.: Instead of commissioners and inspectors, and the Minister/there will be.in the county local lai*d boards, . haying power to inquire,,take evidence, and report, and in Sydney a central land board/ which, under the presidency of the MiffiBTBB FOB Lamjs, will adjudicate. We shall take -an eBrly opportunity of considering .the effect of the'inore salient' parts Of this interesting measure. 