THE BEAUTE,IN.THE WOOD. ' JACQUES, my good fellow, this last milo lias been Serfootly Intolerable, If you do not lench your rauch oaitcd hostelry soon, not only my hom1, but I, my- self, shall be utterly exhausted,' and the speaker grew a shade whiter and reeled forward tn bis saddle as bespoke. It was nearly the close of n sultry September doy, rnd the sun was sinking, Uko n hull af the, lirhhtd thu . diBtaut mountains in upper Immune. Thc ridels hud been in the saddle far many hoars, but one of them, a middle aged sturdy-looking peasant, seemed hardly the woiso for the fatigue. His companion was a tall man, young and handsnmo. He wore a militnty dress and carried a small case much resembling a dispatch hox, slung in from of his saddle. He looked like an Englishman, with his blonde beaid and deep- blue oyes ; but his dashing, soldierly Beat In the saddle had buen leurncd in muny u wild charge over tho battlefield. Jacques shook lils head. ''What would M'sleu have f he nskel, with a helpless shrug. . The horses aie good beasts, nunc better, bul what horse eau travel from dawn tu sunset without fulling? It ls only wonderful that they do not lull by the roadside, and then-what nnuld M nitre Pierre'say f As for the village nf St. Etienne, it is seven good miles hy tho ro'id-Hve, ns ibo crow Hies; what would M'sleu have P ItisdfBiiuy.' All this in nn execrable patois, with many genticulatlous and untranslatable elli ogs. ' Destiny or nut, my pond J.icquen,' returned the other, in fluent French, ' 1 must Blt down by tho rnatlsidc sonn, and let von go on »Inno ; my wound is glowing more painful, und there is a sensation accom- panying li which I don't like. Think ugain, my friend ; yuu say that you know tho country here- abouts- is not there sumo hut, however simple, this side uf St. Etienne, where I cnn ted for a while f Seven miles more of thu torture In my shoubier would bu moro than I can endure and keep my SCIICI'..' "I Kt eu Jacques t>tolid suul was not r-ronf Hgatnst the testimony ul ike grey pallor nf Ilia nvistei'a face. He I j BIM' plainly I lint Inintnos was overcoming kim. I Jucqui ii' hunda went up in an invocation to his patron saint. ' There in one place nut moro than two miles off where perhaps 1 could inku MVieu ¡ but there nru diDliMiltics. It is n place where no one goes-indeed, they my that Mero Margot is an old witch, although she IN lulntcd to inc-the Madonna defend us!' and ! Jacques erotsod himself dcvnutly. ' But if M'sicu will pruuiii<u on his sacred »ord as a gentleman never ¡ lo reveal thu ho has been thine, or that I took him I ' Yt«, ye«,' interrupted the othei, impatiemly, I ' anything that you will ; but, for heaven's I nulie, lend the away. Is there no brnndy in your i flu-ll r Jacques pulled il out, ' Hardly half a wine-glass b li, MVi, II ; but take it, pray.' I A flinn tinge ol color came buck tn the wounded mini's Ince .iller nwullnwlng the brandy, nnd in a few !' moments he declared himself ready lo proceed. ' Vet y well; but if M'sicu is going to tho ebfiteau he mitti tutu out of the highway und gu direct into Ibo hiru-l.' \ ' Have I uni told you tu lead tho way f' said tho other. Then Its« impatiently. ' A chateau, Jacques P I think Hint the liiithir you and I keep from tho clii'iienux in thin part nf Lorraine the better for the safely for our neckt«.' ? Ah, bul M'sieu mistakes,' said Jacques cogrrly . Tijuy belong lo thc French n-ihlrsse, '.heseD'Orviilos, It ts a singular family; but thc hint Haran fell nt Hedmi for Franco, M'sieu. Would M'sieu liku to hear ol tho la>.t living D'Oivûles?' His companion nodded, rallier carelessly, anti Jacques lowered hi» voice and di cw his hursc nemer thc other lu lils Bell' ducted importance DH raconteur. ' The lust Huron «ns, they my, n ead wild fellow, hut very proud, like ttl! hi« nice, ile grew up at tho châteaux with hi« tun'her, for his falher died when ho wu» n bully. Hui Madame, tho nhl llnronne, oh ! abo Wim teri ¡tile. Every one stood in awe of her; tho old «ennuis hilted her, while they trembled before her. Shu hud the evil eye, mid M'sieu knows that une dure nut i,ffend one who has that. After the Huron hud been a man grown Tor sumo year", Múdame, his nun lier, tu.ie nnxious that he should marry, thal Hie old nani, might liol die out. So, healing nf some demoiselle io Puris, thu child nf un old friend and ennui il.noe, who wus of ll marriageable age, sho set turill un II journey to arrange the affair, leaving the Union to Ins own puisuits at the chateau. Is MoiiMciir limcniiig f Monsieur »ns. ' Nobody knew hu»' it esme to pass, but after his mother's departure the Harun behaved like another ?min. Tho evil oye «ns removed I suppose. Tho (¡ludio nod bonita lo which he had been some time devoted were utumdnnctl, anti be »ont huming and riding about ihe country from morning until even- ing. Then Múdame fell ill in Parin. She wu» always hoping lu get better, nod to would not send for her sun, it was bud «euther too ; anyway, Monsieur, month niter mimili passed, nod she did not return. At lust one tiny ihe servants nt the chateau «ero iimuixct! tu receive instruction» Irom their mas- ter ub'iut to bring home n bride. Dues Monsieur see f Monsieur did, 'It nus nut the bride for wham bis mother lind destined him,' continuel Jacques, ' but an English girl, M hom he had met mid füllen in lovo with at thc littlo village af St. Etienne. Some young northern ?iemoisulle who lind been travelling with hienda their governess, it was sahl ; and she fell ill ut St, Edeline and hud to bo left lhere. But oh, M'sieu, she waa beautiful ns a dream 1 The country people say her hair was like n glory about her head, and ll ir ryes hud the look .if tho Madonna's, Ko wonder the Huron »uishippcd her ; they thought ho would have died fur her.' ' Wlint como of it V ' It we* monihH before Madame returned In Lorraine. Perhaps r.ews travels slowly lo I'm is or Hie liai on kept ihe Beeret well ; at lenstwhcu Madame relumed nbc dill not know that n daughter-in-law nuiiilcil her. When lier carriage drove up, the sor. vanta were nil in the hall, and tho liaron met his mother. Ho kissed her and led her up tn where the young Baronne stund blushing and trembling. It seemed us if ibo mother divined what waa the follow, fur she cast an envious glance nt (ho young tidy, mid said In her most insulting, haughty voice, ' Whom bast thou hero, Philippe P n new housemaid P She ls too prctiy for tho pince !' lt is said thc llsrnn answered her buck with a spirit haughty a» her own. ' You nre quito light in thinking her ton beiutifu! for u»y hut thc leigning pince, mother ; this is my wife!' Hold of lum, wu» il not, Monsieur V Monsieur nodded. ' Oh, then, M'sieu, tho stoim broke. The ubi lliirrontic raised her hnnd nnd cursed them both ; she cursed thc bnbe Hilborn. Hor wolds were nwtul. May Ihn babo ho as benn ti fill and more witless thnn you are 1' shu said to ibo wile ¡ 1 muy lt show ns litile Llfectlon for it» own fle.h lind blood ns my «on lins shunn for mn, and n ny no blessing full on ibo D'Orviilus until a stranger como from n dlstnnt loud nnd bnrc it away frnm bs forefathers'home ?' ' She must have been n curious old Indy, ti o ' Tho young Baronne fell like n dend person upon the floor, mid Maduine swept uiviiy to bur own up pnrtmruis It wns doubtless the influenco of the evil nye which prevented ibo Uanoi from seeing how his pnnr y mug «lfe pined away lifter tbnt night. And nt Inst she gave birth to n child and died. Two rnonlhr after the old Baronne nus found dead In her bed, mid rumors caine nbioad that til ci o were strange black minks mound lier ihtoat as if thc fiend incar- nate bad ciimu to olniin his own,' The luilf-lorri dulong smile with which thc stranger lind listened thrtmghnut increased to ono of mockery. * What tícenme of ibo child V ho u-ked. ' Did tho llend and Lho old lluronno spirit that away, loo V ' No, M'sieu, lt was a gil I.' 'rt nd wh«t bas come of tho Bnron Î' ' flu was killed at Bedan, .M'sieu,' ' Whero ls thc child f ' Sito lins bcon alwnya nt tho chateau, M'sieu, with nhl J i im-M ni lo, «nd Margot, his wife. Tho young lady han had a discreet ilamu a gouvci linnie and durne de compagnie ¡ but lately wo heutd thut.ulio was ill, or dead.1 1 Why, then, need you malte so such fins about rcruiin nt the chateau P Suroly proooutions ale not nu'dful when uno only ci uves a night's lodging, nod : that nf necessity.' I ' Evidently Monsieur dos» rot comprehend ¡ tho I ohntcuu is haunted by ovil things. Kolbing nourishes there ; all gnus tn deeny ; nod Ihr fnmilie« about lt | nil! nul visit. And Margot I uh, she has a tongue ! I but 1 think shu will admit mu hionuso she ls n gn ni aunt tn my wife's cniislu. i.ook thcio, M'sieu ; you cnn sc« thu chateau. They had bei n going at lilllie n slo.v pace, for Hip road woan had oap, and evidently seldom travelled. Hut, ns they turned abruptly tu ibo left, thc tull giny tun ctn with meir sugarloaf punks arose dourly bolorc , I lil li), above tho trees und Ilm und, i bush which impeded tholr prngteis. As they esme nciircr, the wild deserted appearance of everything excited the stranger's attention. ' 'It's almost equal to a placo of the fairy tales.,' said he, aloud, speaking in English. ' If it were not for my nineteenth-century incredulity I might fancy that it held the sleeping Princess nf tho Wood 1 ' Comment, M'sieu f said Jacques, catching the -words imperfectly, und fancying himself ad- dressed. ' How do you propaso tn omer F was the travullei'« anBwetlng question ; and again he lound himself wondering whether be should nut lind a trumpet suspended tn tho gate-post, upon which ho must blow a peal loud enough to awaken the sleeping Inhabitants. Jacques WOB looking obnut him, ns if in some uncertainly himself. His tired master rode forwaid tn the gateway, ' Not there, M'sieu,' oricd Jacques In dismay. ' Thoro ia another gate somewhere behind the chateau or wo might get through tho hedge, perhaps, or over the wnll, but we munt leave our horses outside. Jean-Marie may perhaps como to noe ofter them, but it would never do to anger la Mere Margot by riding in on horseback.' Hiding mund and getting over tho tangled mass ofp-rOB« and overgiown wcedB us best they could, Jacques peeped In all directions fur an entrance, and found lt. 1 H .TO is the cate, M'sieu : hut it is locked. Blessed St. Joan I WP cannot climb tho-e iron rallinga. What in tn he lionel' Upon which helpless question, the stranger Im- patiently seircd the half hidden handle of n hell, and Bounded n loud peal. Before its eohoes hnd died away, n voice rose behind them. ' Bo off! What dost thou want f We cm hare no strHggleiB about the chateau rt'Oivnle.' Just beyond thc gate stood an old wltherod-up wmnnn. She look- ed like a blt of n vixen, but yet her black bond-like eyer had a gleam in them that was notaltogetherunklndly; on her arm wns a basket half-full of wood, which sha had evidently been gathering, * l.a Mere Margot,' began Jacques, removing his hat, and speaking in a conciliatoiy tune, 'I am Jac- ques Virut ; dosi thou not remember P M'sieu, here, is ill, and unable lo proceed even as far tis Si. Etienne. For old ncqiinlnlni.ee Buke, Mère Margot, give UH shel- ter for to-night.' Hut Mere Margot, Instead of replying to this civil speech, proceeded to rate him soundly fur daring to come at all. Did lil« bnpeitulenco think tint tho chnicau wu» un auberge, or thin she had lime to .waste in getting supper fur such as he P And how did she know that thc stranger might not be ono of the accursed 1'iussiniis, nm ono of whom lind evor yet crossed the threshold of thc chateau P Thc stranger cut shoit tho liaiiingiie. ' I bavH been v«ntiud-il, good mother,' suid he. Bullum fully able to pay for your hospitality ; though I would not un" nd you by offering money, snuwiog ihe hospitable, lepnialion nf the d'Orviles," Mere Marum looked al him keenly. * Humph I' Bald »he. ' Who ure you that you cnn know anything of us? Blonde and big-you are a PriiBsiau I' 1 Whether I nm or nut,' said the stranger, dis regarding her Herne tine, 'I iought fur Frunce nt Sedan.' Tho ivnmnn's face softened, -tlc is too young tu .lie «hilo lonking in my oyes, sho it.uttered. 1 lint no 1 why should I du il F OJ tn St. lilicnno for your lodging«.' Just then a clear, bltd-llkc v ice was h"iird hum- ming a hoiu on Iho other side nf the gate. Margot guvo an uneasy ulaucc.iu tho direction whence il caine. ' 1 tell yu, sir, we can't sheller you. Jacques Virnt begone. Hu e dare you anne bete ; don't you know this pUcl is snercd ? billilli: hu hands lo enforce obedience, thc stranger, mooly cxhnu-ti'il, fell heavily lo thu mound. At tito same moment lite gate v, is opened, and nslight beauti- ful cit I nivmrcd. ' Where'" your key that yon should ring. Margot P I heat d .Tenn abusing you lor forgetting it. And what is this? Who ure they P Tho sweet bell-like voice filtered; ibo young girl drew back. Inspiinlion seized ntl Jacques, He vc solrrd io appeal tn her. ' For the love of lleuven, Mam'selle I,i Maronan, let mo carry bim In. If he lin» not some brandy and his wound is not dressed, he " ill die. Sec ho bas (Hin- ted I' 1 Uah I bc is n Prussian,' orlpd Margot ; ' let him die,' Out the lillie Baronne said not ti word ; hbo glided towaid him. ' He will not die,' sho »aid, nodding her head, nfier long BCiutiny of the scusole-s IOHO in Jacques' nrms. 'Mut he will be company for me, und I am tired ol' thu loneliness. Mnigut, li ll Jen i-M nie to come beru nnd help enrry him to thc chiitinu.' Sho govo tho orilcr in unid itnperluus tones, very singular in our* sn young a* seventeen. Jacques looked nt her in open-mouthed odiniratlnn. Margot began to grumble; but the llurnnuequietly repented lier urdor, and Margot hobbid oir, scolding ns -he went. When he enrne «ut ul his long swoon, he opened Iiis eyes on surroundings thin, ul first, omipleiely be- wildered him. Hi lay upon n wide -ola, in the centro of n lurge,gloomy-looking saloon ; Jacques » ns bend- ing over him ; mid nn old mun ulm kepi up nu in- cessant talking ill a species of monotone was applying sumo sort of cooling lotion tn his shoulder-Jean Mario, no doubt. As his sen-es came bick, bis eyes lingered lung and wonderingly upon the huge old lire-place, where a handful of wood wns burning, and in front of which sat a strange, lovely fl ¿ure. She woie a long robe of black velvet, quibit ill style Thc sleeves were wide and trimmed willi custly lace ; and there was a hit nf the sime yellow lace iiintiud her fuir white thitint. Dou n over i he de ul black dre's floated un exquisite muss ul long waving hair ; the hair that is golden in sunlight, anti iure broun in the snade; tho face was uv.il. with delicate pearly skin and short lcd lips, mid tho eyes wei« linzelbrnnu, be- neath dark und beautifully- pencilled eyeb-uivs. VIII, with all its exquisite beauty, there was a eui iou« Want in thc face ; it »as uhnost such n ono us Undine's may hilve bean before she gained her saul. She » HS sitting with her head testing upon her linn il ; but when the sick mun spoke sho ruso and came towaid'him. ' He hos blue eyes,' she murmured to bur-elf, in the amazed tune nf a discovoier. 'I did not think they would be sn band-nine.' ' I speak French,' said he, nnahle lo help a boyish blu<h at this remark. ' Very coori,' auld abc, blushing loo, hut not nll'iiving herself tn bc disturbed. . I never saw blue cyts before ; »ll thc pen-ants ht»vc black ones. I tliniight you spoke only Oermiin. Are you a Prussian F' ' I am an Knuli-hinan, but my mother »ss Frenoh, and ul) my sympathies are with the French. My name is Henry Ai thur Livingston. Ilnve 1 mu tho honor ol addressing the lhirnnne d'Orvalc ? 'lam Lucille d'Orvalc,'»he said, simply, 'lam glad you name- you will he a cotnpnmon for me. I am tired of this lonely cliiitenu, with univ Jenu-M irie und Margot io talk lo-except my pigcci'is. Mr good uld gouvernante, Mme. Deglnnnu, is gone. Her son Ia ill and shu hud tn go tn him.' 'And tiny du nut piovide you with aoothei t" he exclaimed, nsking tho question in sheer II m nz,, meut. ' Do you mein mv guardian-the mini nf budines. InPaiisP He due» not know. Whit would you ? With the country devn-tn'.cd by t vs ibeaillul war, »hoi« to let him lunn'F ile Would nut hive tune lu th uk nf me. And hellas no p'nver uver mc - he only sends ihn rons, I "in my own ,iilstre«s.' ' Miim'scllc, tho supper ls ready,' said thu voice ul Margot from the dour. Hut the Ha minc shrugged her lue ty shoulders. '1 will haw it here, «Ith Monsieur,' said she tersely ; mid Margot disappointed. ' Whit did you Hayyim wereca'.lod !?' hegna Lucille, I curiously. 'My linnie is Hnrry for, in von wo lld call il He'll i) LIvillgBtOU.' ' Liveoiistuno,' ulm »nid stumbling over it. ' Il I tim Innft; I shall cnll you Moimloiir Henri. Ami you lire in tlió strango country where tho people arc Inirliiilinll- I' ' B«u,lÍBhmcn arc not barbarians, mademoiselle.' ' Hut I tell you they nre. Papa mid it, mid pnpn knew. Hu wos n savant, Oh, ho won BO good nnd lie knciv so much.' Livingston smiled in tho midst of lils pnln. ' All nf them, nt lenst, nro not,' ho «nid. ' 1 for one.' He nguiu recurred to his funny nf Ihe riir.linntid ensile. A crenturn so lonely, helpless, nnd Bliiituliirly childlike he lind never seen ; sha wa» tho genuino prin- cess af a fniry Isle. But sho proved herself enough like ordinary mort'h lo glvn him a inp of deliciously made anile,-, whh h Mnrgiit In ought in; mid, when ho explained his lo nullity to hold lt bcculiso of his winni led shoulder, sha grovely scaled horself on a chair al lils side, cup lu limul. _ ' Never mind, I will give lt to you fiom ihe spoon ¡ 1 did sn once to papa, when hu «n» III.' Thcro wa« nothimr for it hut acquiescence, flo Livingston tubinilleil to hnvo part of Hie coffee nickle down his nick without a murmur, and wondered e. bother Hi be had administered nectar to tho gads lu a Uko cinbari Hiking manner, Jncqura was In n dazed condition ; not only hud he obtained entrance to tho chateau tn a very unexpected manner, but. hero «ros In petite Baronne actually helping; M'sieu with her own banda, as beautiful aa an angel, but one of those fearful D'Orvalea, nevertheless. ' They nay (lint Madame's ghost walks hero nt night- th" Madonna preservo us I' thought he. Jacques erna-ed himself devoutly, nnd Included M'sieu In the sign, by wuv of idling ony bad spirits who might be hoveii- g around. Hut tho traveller began to look very pale nod exhausted, and Lucillo wished him huu ! night. Mar- got carno in very cross, nnd told Joan-Marie timi thu gentleman's bcd was ready, and that he had better go to lt. In tho morning Harry Livingston found himself ton ill to move; thc wound had been too long without nttention, and his ride had aggravated it terribly. Jacques went over to St. litienne, and brought from thence the only doctor that the little village anuid boast ; but he proved equal to the emergency. Being ton cautious to uso tunny medicines, ho confined him- self to keeping down the fever willoh threatened Livingston, nnd nature, left to herself, brought the pillent through tu safety in the omrse of a fow days. Tho doctor's Bister, a benevolent middle-aged dame, came over often, and gave much countennnce to ike young Un ron np. After that u»me the dBys of convales- cence ; weary enough Ibev would bavo been to tho sick young man but for bis little ho-tess. She «o» nt OUCH the mo-t fascinating fniryliko vision that Livingston hud ever seen. He hud known very mnny beautiful women -the loveliest and best-bred of his own charming cnuitrywninen -but they lneked tho subtle curious intrudion nf Lucille. She WUK such a child ; nil simplicity, unsophistication, nnd guileless innocence, Passion wns unknown tu lier ; love hud novcr touched her breast. Knowing nothing of con. 'Tcntlnnnlistn, in her intorcoirso with Livingston she was fron ns shu could have been with n brother, sitting hy his eofn half thc tlay, nnd talking with him by tho hour together. Of her rtcud father she spoke in re- verent udmtrlng terms; she gloried in his panioti»m, and In his falling for Franco ; hut of actual love, even fut him, Livingston half doubted whether she knew the menning. All the sublime heroic side of n woman's character seemed wanting, or else it slept ; she was un elf, a fahy, u sprite-or, in leas lover-like phrase, it careless lovely child. ' Monsieur Henri,' Luci lo would cnll, standing under his window, when lin begnn to get about, 1 cntne down and see mo feed ibo pigeons. Jean Maiie hus jjnne to thu village, Margot is in ber kitchin, Jucoties secs lo tho bono-- and, for me, 1 om lonely. Iliisien then.' And Harry wnnld pro- gress dn.wn the lung Flairs ns far as his bnlf-rostnrcd strength would pcruili, tobe met hnlf- wny by Lucille, who would insist upon aiding him with her slender aim All scenes were nut so pleasant ns this, however. Lucille would S'ftneliuies ask Livingston to tell bur ol' his ow n home «nd cmiutiy ; and, nlthough his stol irs of it and of his life there seemed lo hold a strungn charm for her, she wnuld innliifest a curious jealousy of Ihem. Let bim look a trifle more tired limn usuni, and her lovely litis wnuld curl in vexation ; she would Irritât» him with suggestions that ho was suffering from ennui und mal ¡lu paya, threaten tn leave him und never come hack lo tho sslonn tiny more. And then Livingston would implorc'nml coax bur until ho eu«' the usual h.ilf-iwfot tiiilf-arch smile, come buuk lo tho lovely face, .ind a truce wnuld bo proclaimed between them'. Hm rmi? memorable mnrnimi, when Lucille curried thin ruttier fur, Livingston adopted mi entirely ditlercnt linc nf I nc'.ic». Timi ls, if he thought ni tnetics ul nih Lucille nnnuiinced that she lind lessons tn learn, (she w: « nlwnyn Inking of thc studies that the doalh nf her governess hud tell incúmplele), lind thal she must leave Muuslcin fur the rest nf the day. Upnn which, lo her gieat sui prise, Monsieur responded with stately rnuriesy timi hu should he puttied tn think of tlc mining her from her lenrned r"searches, nnd thal he had thc honor to wish Mademoiselle lu Baronne a very gnod morning. ' I have wasted tun tillich time upnn you, Monsieur Henri,' shu cried holly, ' I «ill not ny to you, ' go - lenve ihe chircan '-the D'Orvales know not such In- hospitality. Hut of my company ynu have lind ton much. Very well I 'iou slinll have no more nf it i until you come In hid good-bye befóte lenvlng fur ymir belle pay«, where ynu long in li». Open thc dom, I Mon-ieur, will you he sn good 1' And the little stntely ! ¡ figuro swep' pu l him uro the curtidor, willi checks j 1 Minnie timi lips nomi. j lt« watched her go. Hld he love her or lune her ino I f And which pa-suui wns it that prompted him I lo pick up fruin the nimble door, win re her own Utile j foot hud crushed lt, a blue gentinn-fl .w, r dronpsd from her waistband, ¡ind to hide it carefully in his veal F oho diu not come huck, No ; though he fretted nod fumed lind watched incessantly. A weary loni; doy ho found it without her; nod when Margot brought him his meal nt noun she reported thnt Made- moiselle lind shut herself in her little study in thc east tuiret-chniuhcr mid would neither open the dour nor come duwil stniis. Further dismayed quoBtinns on ihe patt nf Livingston only mndo Margot cross. Ile wns foin tn ont the food set before him,.mid tried to while away ibo afternoon with an old and much worn copy nf Sallust which ho had picked up thc dsy before. Ibu be «us still weak from thc effects of bis wound, and presently thc »ords began to dance before his eyes, his bond dropped for«'iud on thc table, and in a few miiiiicnts he was asleep. Two hours hiter he une nwnked by n tcriillod whisper. ' M'sieu, M'sieu, nwakc for the love ol heaven I They ure hore; they have suirounded tho chatc:iu ; fly, M'sieu, while you can I' Livingston sinned up, lo see tho terrified face nf Jacques betiding over him. ' They ! - whof' dein>ti»ded he, instinctively snatching Ills pt-tols from tho cuse | whom they lny, nlrendy lotuled. 'The Uhlans, M'sieu; a whole company, of the devil's own blond,' « hispeied ,fñeque-, fiercely ' This «ny, quick !' He caught hold of Livingston's nrm tn guido him down the il ii r k piiBsage to a back Muiron.e, by which, cabling the kitchen, he hoped to escapo. Hut he hud baldly reached it when Living-ton stopped -hort. ' Hold a minute, Jacques,' he whispered hurriedly. ' Wait fur mc heie five minutes, and then, if you hear mc cuming, fly willmot me, I must sic the Haronue.' J ii equi" wrung lil« hands. ' Wbnt folly !' ho crlr-rl, trying eu diitnhi him ; ' lt tn no time for adieu».' Hut Livingston broke nwny fruin him mid vanished. ' It is thc iiccursi'd evil eye,' muttciod Jacques, douching down ort the stubs ¡ 1 it I. the ghastly prc-cncc ot Maritime, the dead Baronne, This bruie Moitun ur is bewitched 1 Hlesa Mi.dtiutin, grant that we i-espe safely! and I vow to give thee two wuxllghts, and two for blessed St, Jenn Haptlste.' Livingston turned lo gu up thu turret-stair, uni* wild impulse in hts heait. Ilia love, hi« Ititi« helpless darling ! Whit ! leave her in lb" power of the Prussian troopcts ! Helter dlo « iib hi» "word in his hand defending her. His hand touched ihe hardie of Ihe door nf thc turrei-chntnbir. He nipped softly ; there wa« na un«wér. Ile waited tin institut ; could she hnve left the room, nnd be, even now, a pii-onir ? I he tliouuht wns agony ; he tiled th« door with gunter fore"-it gave away under lils hand, and be crn-scd the tines hold. Theic wus some light lu the tnnm ; ¡I cunio from n Intiip which hung on II bmekit on Ihe wall. Directly Inn, nth a light en n sofa, lay Luodle, asleep. Onu little hnnd pnssed Ihe soft white cheek, which was, even yt t. wet willi learn ; ilu* golden hair lay in blight inus«c« on ber neck, und slteniuid mci tho dinuy da nniRÎ; covering nf the sula-j,1.» ibo fallest, purest vi-ion that ever man behold, tn ide nil theftircr for her -trance surrounding-. Willi a'noi.clcis step, Living- ston irnssctl thu llotir, und bent over her, lower, lower, lill II ti ess nf thu blight hnir toothill hi« hnnd ¡ the ¡inpulse had scarcely lune tu lorin its If Into n thought, who., 11 tender passionate kl-» fell genilv ml ibu lovely lips, and with n light stnrt Lucille awoke. ' Henil, Henri!' »he murmured softly, gazing np Into thu eyes bunl upnn her, 4 you hnve come tn me- at inst r Al tho touch of tho great inehinitrr's «nuit thu sleeping Princess h.itl nwakencil ¡ nt Love's tiru kiss Undine lind fuiinil her soul ! She quito awoke then, I'lu-hcd violently, nnd msc up, Living-ton clnspcd her hundí mid knelt nt her fe« t. Mc told her In hurried « ord« of thc danger ¡ he urg-d hfr tn tio-i t i his protection ns she would to thnt ul her,hither nnd Hy with him. Shu waa filgiitnocd. 'Oh, take me awuy, Henri, to jettr uwn land. I nm iiltald no muni of ymir ko anil snow ; you «111 bo theie mid Lucille happy.' A diHam noise betrayed tho present danger. Livingston »prang to his fuel so suddenly thnt pniu witing a faint groan from lila lips, ' Wust ia ll,. Henri f she .naked, In nfniu. In n low hasty ,«l|ispcr he begged of her to be still, Wns ihcru any pince of oonceiilmciil near Pw»» 11 m k ! a rushing stop upnn tho stairs; voices, nnd hnrd raps upon the door. Livingston lifted lila plslnl ¡ hut q tick us ligln Lucillo Ilmtal him un the sofa be- hind orr, mid stood irect alni palo, facing the Intruders. Just fur ii moment her defender, utterly weak, could not ilse, . . 'Huldl'sle '.'li'd, ns tho fearless courage of her , Jong lino of warlike ancestors shone In every lino of tho girl's face, and made tho foremost soldier pause, involuntarily. ' Who dares enter tho Chateau d'Órvale unbidden, end with drawn sabres F Do tho I'rus sslans war with women ?' ' Ma foi, mndemnisillc, ibo Prusslars may, but we do nut,' eilcl a re-piciful voice bi French, n« n young 1 officer f..ri i d his wuy ihriuwh ihe f, MHOS' ol i is men and uoffi 'i his nlum-d cn-qnct .? IO'T willi courtly graee ' lill« .« lin s comí tum lo.n..> thnt ur hel- met- hav; uah lill» 'lol.in "\in I' ili»t .. nun of being l'iussiaii». Wo ure a company ot French cuirassiers cu route-'Henri, mon brave, is it thea F what dost thou herc ?' broke off the ofllccr in utter surprise. And, to tba no less intense surprise of Lucille, she saw the Frenchman clasp him enthu- siastically. ' Trsnqulllso thyself, mon nml,' cried Harry, laugh- ing. ' I hnve n laina shoulder, Adolphe, and thou hn«t a veritable bear's hug. Let me present you to Mudeinnlsello la Baronne d'Orvnlc ; Mademoiselle, thia Is Captain Adolpho du Moniaigu, a life-long blend.' ' I must implore pardon of Mademoiselle la Duronne far my Intrusion,' said thc Captain ; ' but wo found the chateau entirely empty, lind my men were noxious to explore II. I trust you will accept n thousand apo- logies ; it univ rcouiitiB for ino to take my leave of mademoiselle.' . Monsieur ÍH piudnncd,' ssid (lio lovely young chiitcliihic. extending her hand ¡ ' hut surely ynu «¡ll not depart thus F lluro is Monsieur Henri, who,-' hut a huming blush covered her face ns she caught Livingston's eye, nnd she p'iu>cd in a contusion that wa" ult the deeper for ils novelty. Livingston enine to her rescue and advised da Moutuigu to let his men lavonne at St. Kllcooe, while he stayed the night at tho chateau. De Mootnigti accepted the invitation willi alacrity ; and when he retired to il,range his dress before supper he laugh- ingly assured Livingston that ho should not at all ob- ject tn a wotiod, piuvidcd so lovely a physician couli fall to his lot. Hut Livingstone's wound proved no sinecure * for afier the nun entier ol* Hotline at Meir, he found him- self too disabled tu j .in his regiment, lt promised to be rather a long ulfnlr nf sickness, possibly through neglect of thc wolli,d at first, and Livingston re- signed bi» cuiuiiiission. Ile lind to te ¡ga the hospitality of tho chateau as well, fur ti fresh gouvernante dune lhere for Made- moiselle, nutl she enforced propriety. Ii did not matter. Livingston lime, limply said, Ii would nut bc for long ; once let him get stinng, and then - And then, when that desliahle end was accomplished and he could stniid ntrnight and well again, a quiet ceicinony was pei formed in the chntenu chapel by thc old core ol St. Kliconn ; nnd Henry Livingston cn led anny the llunuii.c from pom ill-ttiielcd Franco lo hi« own Hoinnitis in Ills own lund.; They sometimes lillie ot going huck to the chateau, where Jean Mnrie and Mmgut keep walch for thurn. ? i'tit ,1 .cques, in ittletidnuco on his musters, sindica bis l ead, sod crosses himself at ihn baie idea of ngnin ventutmg will,in the regionsof fie evil Vye, 'J/if; Artjnvt;, 