THE SPHINX : A MYSTEBY. CHAPTER I I am by profession a barrister, and as there seems to be a popular notion that all yonng banisters who write . their experiences, or otherwise figure in polite literature, are briefless, it may be right to say that I am not altogether a briefless barrister, having held several briefs, and earnestly expecting more. My friend Charley Deben, from the City, came np to my chambers one day last December, bringing me an invitation from his family to go home with, him and spend Christmas. I bad been a good many times, with .Charley to his paternal roof-tree in Essex, and I never railed to greatly enjoy myself each time. I liked the old people, and also his brothers and sisters whom I saw. They were true and natural English country people, who had grown, as it were, out of the soil, like the violets by the hazel-roots or the may- blossom on the hedgerows. Bat there was a secret attraction for me in that home which outweighed all the rest a hundred fold. Charley's grown-up sister Ethel had fairly entered into possession of toe vacant space in the core of my affections. The very first time I met her she exerted her peculiar influence over me. . What yonng man does not know the. tender anticipation with which hejtooke forward to meeting the sister of -his friend, whom he has heard efofmt more than ' once before in lovable terms from her brother, and who already has excited a . gentle interest in his breast I It was with this feeling that I first encountered Miss ; Ethel Deben.. I had gone with Charley to his home, " Oak Hill," Essex, to spend a week in wild-fowl shooting, and it was ' then I met her for the first time. Her almost perfect features, her rich black hair, her bright complexion, her dark, blae eyes in which troth and tenderness seemed mirrored, her quiet lady-like manners and sweet smile, bad captivated my heart. Succeeding visits bad only completed my thraldom, and her dear image was never for from my thonghts ; it disputed my attention with files of parchment deeds, and perpetually obtru- ded itself amidst dry legal clauses and precedents, and was as much out of place . amongst them as a picture of Arcadian life in a laboratory of physical apparatus. It was rather a. hopeless passion of mine; however, for Ethel Deben was not only beautiful, amiable, and admired, but also well dowered, and I calculated, with legal' acumen, but at the same time with , very email satisfaction, that ench a prixe as the would eo on be carried off. My own circumstances were, at "best," only pro- miring, and X could only keep in the ' hacknronnd- while some more fortunate Individual, whose broad had been but tered forbim by. a kinder Fortune, played a leading part and won .'the rare meed. But although I kept carefully in the background, I waa only, too glad to avail miyeelf of Charley - Dben'e invitation to spend Christm63 hi her society. Like the moth I was drawn invincibly to the candle. And so I went down with him, to Oak Hall , happy to see and be near her again, bnt guarding myBeUcantiously againstany betrayal of attachment. . We arrived at Oak Hall on Christmas - Eve. We" had found a trap waiting for beet the nearest railway station, arid had driven six miles in the dark, , through A, wioOded npland; country, to toe house, ! avhichetood on. a hill snrrounded by a: parkwith tame "fine old timber. a ;wet, znfiated, boisterous night, and wej . were graufied' .-tojeee the warm light of the wiudows of toe old 'family borne appekr tororigK thfe tries a. lasu Charley urged on toe horsey imiljwe Booudrewup, iu truut of toej fomoer- squaie,. com-: furtab' old red ' brick imausidty wiili »j pillared pbriicoi fmaJny 'Ab1 windows, rail' toinfoi-tpjanda ripnjs poatrofarms pvri Atfei riowwBJ. Xwo great cedars :atood wentirifels rikriaifobndj': iflaraiTjeailytM teoriveju AritberioMV' ami ji& scramble for" presentA When I entered the.rinwiixuria.'ffitiAood'tmniber of people there, one ; or two of whom I had met before, and others who were 4taDg»teiMai firstto im.med.Ohtite.hands. She: came forward -.-With' - her < usual hank manner and at onpe intioddced me to anolher sniilmg bemiiywhbfoUbwed her.: Miss Base Herrick, Etiiel's iEnend, was a fair Saxon type, of beauty, oil roses and lilies and dimples. _ Her four was of a flaxen brown, as 'soft ' as aii| and wavy oyer the temples. JTOen iihe larighed her blooming race waa the incaraation of merriment and fun. Another of the guests to whom I was introdnced for the' first time was a young squire called Heywood, a fine brown-haired, broad-, shonlderod young fellow. with many fine brown and broad acres to matih. He looked and was a good; follow lam obliged to confess it; bqt I felt little desire to converse with him. The fact is, he damped my spirits for a little' while : I was foolish enough to fori the slightest shade of jealousy at Bering him, without ftnv reason. I own. : but lore does not writ for reasons. On calmly con sidering toe matter, however, I forced myself to dismiss any feeling of jealousy from my mind, because I had no right to entertain it. If young Mr. Heywood admired Ethel Deben it was no business of mine. " Let it beso," IsaidtomyBelf ; and I determined to be as cheerful under the circumstances as if no thought of Ethel Deben had ever agitated my bosom. So while Heywood lounged very close to Ethel, I sat down just as close to Rose Herrick. We became friends in a moment, and vety soon we were laughing gaily together over repartees that seemed to flow (at least, from me) with unusual copiousness and. brilliancy. The more Rose laughed at my jokes the better I WHS pleased 1 -and I »«« -not oor ry to WJ6 tbai Mr/Htywood said little to Ethel that could be called amusing. I fear I was jealous atilL "Oh! by-the-by, iff- Temple," said Rose to me, " I ought to tell you— your bedroom is the haunted room. Do you know there is a haunted room in this old honse, with a wonderful ghoBt in it, or voice, or something 1 Ethel will tell you the story. On former occasions the ghost has made its appearance, or the voice has been heard, about Christmas time, so dorit be surprised if you bear a queer voice talking to you to-night — a word elfin voice, complaining of its sad fate, and warning you of future ills." " I should like to talk with a spirit," I said ."I should like to know my future lot — at least, one or two things about it I wish some kind angel would deign to enlighten me about them. But the days of genii, and wizards; and HIH!ti glMOVB OAS JJOOk (Ntu WlgUW T inrilQ see very, very few and for between." " Gh, no 1 they are not;" said Rose, "if we only had eyes' to nee them : you will believe me yet" IL \- ' I thought very little about ghosts; or indeed any thing else, when I got to my chamber that night I was too tired for thinking, and very Boon went to bed. Next-morning, was Christmas Day, and according to all immemorial legends mid tales, tiie country onght to have been lying under a white dose coverlet of snow; the holly-trees, with their red berries should have been stuffed with the pow dery crystals ; and the lanes should have boka lm-o tin -gmicnes of -wine ivory palace under the intricate "fretwork of: snow-laced boughs. But our Christmas Day was mild and almost balmy — a green yule A light grey fog lay on the hollows, a mellow sunshine enlivened the moist ' air, and gilded , the bare twigs of the trees against the blue sky. It was a quiet, still, genial day after the boisterous night before, and there was a Sabbath calm about it in keeping with the time. In the forenoon we all went to service in the village church. I- walked there beside Miss Ethe, -®n3 returned along with Miss Hose, exchanging places with Mc. Heywood. It was only a short walk 1 across the park to church, so we did not have much conversation ; but it was a ; happy time for me. Ethel seemed so kind, charming, and withal sensible, that ' I wiriied the time would never change, the walk never come' to an end. Rose : was in capital humour, ;and asked me if I had not .bad . any communications from the spirits during the night I said that they might have been in legiocs round my night cap, playing at bo-peep in my ears, and pirouetting on my nose, for all I knew or cared, I was so tired-out last night and had slept so soundly. "I see you are a sceptic," she said, "yon are spirit-proof Even A Hie Slade' "would not convince you." "I am a lawyer," I replied, "and like to see black on white." . . " But I enppoee.you would be satisfied with white "on black, and that is what ' Allie would give you with her slate." " I think We lawyers rather exposed 'AllieV riatriwriting." " That is matter of opinion. You had popular prejudice on; your ; ride, and played hpon it to agjieat purpose. You couldn't explain the raps,-and lights, and the ringing of bells. - Ah 1 there are more things in heaven and earth, than .are ffoipprfVndedinfeaddPlsrirrtqnA - in toe afternoon Charley Deben and his brother Erank; who had yust come home" from -abroad, Mr. Heywood, "pod X took a long Walk, and returned to toe Hall in time to Areas for dinner, which was served earlier than nsuaL .. At dinner I found ' myself : between ftjse Hetrick and Ethd Debrii.. The meal was « substantial -specimen Of old English cheer, rafroed by moderntaste and science. .We «v«e ja.nteny party-: Charley .Dehen and his brother Frank were especially entertaining.' The host zind hostess footed toe pictnre pf godd: hnmoined happiness ; . andljtoepldvicar, of iha'pirish trito-tis ruddy butteflned features, nnd thin grey lockB, smiled again aiidAgrin at; the rey saUies pf yonth,1 .ehd tiHrited Etori . with firthyxourtesy tiiat waazilmost a bene- : dinner we had'mnmc and gariies,' jftsrinEriidacnngriiawdw.! Gfteiiilunng the aace.mj eyes fortivdy eongl it pri; lEthri, aid stole grae st berjradiaat bCpdty. , If hrt- eyw chanced -toturo'ih . my directipp, I was qaipk tp JoWer tbpa isr uvai them. ,1' 'duiqpd srirprri tiinpB, :sntoitMV,::and found her evertoenatiie: 'lapparieiitJy nb.ve-ipgu iuF'iifiectBaionintiql: wlfote'djrimpui .yxroqd Jfod the floor agrret nmny timt9,iridheeu 'Vajy tomtiwrii ber.' V ifiWCimri -ribs ' 'it ieart-ksteitiiiuC iifo'foiW'&ie.1; their departure, so that the party was "Bmrifotbut bran-mm"tonririifl.rXt#M not vety late when we sbroto np for the night— t least, I'do not' think it" waa. Whea-Ijgutfo ythe -mtting-room;'"fiom jwhirh my , bedroom ripened, - 1- drew an ea-chair before toe. fire and rank into it I was in that delirious frame iff mind induced by . good cheri, .weR seasoned 3>y good wine, good company, but above all with love. X was deeply in love with Ethel Deben. There was no qnestioning about it Hy chamber was a cosy, old- foririoned 'place, with high wainscoting of carved oak, blackened by time. '.There Was a quaint look about the anrient place, 1 and it seemed; to me theyeryacme of' comfort on a winter's night A fagot fire . blazed and crackled cheerily iutoe grate, ' and cast flickering lights on thefurnitnre and damask ' curtain hangings of the window ;. for Ihad turned toe lamp low inorder to recede within my own thoughts. The wind, which had been laid all day, now began to bestir itself and hnny round the chimney-tops. I felt inspired with a poem — a poem expressing my present hanninesa and mv lava Mv heart stran- gled for utterance, "and a feeling of inspiration grew upon ma I was possessed by toe muse. . A little writing table stood near, with writing materials all handy, and kindly provided for my nse by a thoughtful hostess, or perhaps by Ethel heraelf. I drew it close to my elbow and prepared myself to write. The thonghts came glowing, but disjointed and incoherent; from my heart I wrote them down as they came, intending to put them into verse form afterwards. I wished sow only to express my confused happiness and passion. I covered sheet after sheet it s few moments with the rapidity of a short-hand writer, and then I stopped, having worked off toe snper- abnndant fwling "I began to declaim "to" myself what I had written and to polish it into form. Vision of Beauty, -gliding through my life, I commenced, in . a fine and elevated voice, Ethereal goddess haunting dismal groves, And bringing to men, lost in toe earthly haze, A glimpse of azure fields and j In toe ideal regions, too much forgot. Divine Ethel I I stopped to correct this into " Ethel divine," and almost fanned that I heard a eonnd of mocking laughter close to my face. I listened, and could hardly believe my senses, hut I seemed still to catch a light laugh — a faint, tiny, muffled kind of langb, but yet perfectly distinct. It seemed to be in the air and to hover over the table. There was nothing on the table bnt my writing paper and blotting-book, the ink bottle; a pen-bolder, and a pen wiper. The holder was a representation of Cleopatra's Needle, open at toe ton to insert toe handles of pens ; and the wiper . was made up in the form of an Egyptian sphinx, and was at' the same time a pin cushion. It was a neat litQe sphinx in dark red doth, with a woman's head. The body served as toe pin- cushion, and toe pedestal for the wiper. -That was all the table contained. . I fancied I most have been dreaming, or perhaps I had taken too much wine. X was a sleepy1 fool, and ought to get . off to bed as fast as possible ; bnt the mysterious voice again . seemed to break silence. This time it spoke, and seemed to issue 'from toe sphinx, whose impassive face regarded me with a calm and rigid solera- th "mortals," said toe sphinx, " know that toe immortals brook no comparison with things of clay. Cease toy fatile tarings, toe incomprehensible cries of a passion that is as fleeting as thy ephemeral race; which is as the grass that is cut down." " Who art thou !" I demanded, in a dear but foroed voice. "I am toe Grade of Tom. I know all that is past and all that is to come. Excuse metre." "Wilt toon answer toe questions I would pnt to Fate 1" "IwilL" "Oracle of Tom, thon knowest I love. Deign to tell me if there is hope for me : in my attachment Answer — Aye or No!" " ( " Child of mortals," replied toe sphinx, " know that there is no -Good night !" And the voice abruptly ceased. The silence recalled me to my senses, and X was certainly surprised at. myself Was-it an illusion I had suffered, suoh as I had often read about 1 Was l ill I Had the wine really gone to my head i And then I snddenly remembered Bore Her- rick's banter about the haunted room. Too sorely it was haunted, bnt by a real spirit i I was sceptical of ghosts and spiritualism"; hut 'it seemed that the' superstitious fibre, which I believe exists in every man, was strangely vibrating in me now. What if after all there were more things in heaven and earth than were dreamt of in my philosophy ! As to the answer of toe spirit; X can't say it troubled . me . then. : I was too much concerned about my strange experience. ' nt- ' Next morning when I awoke, with toe genial sunshine streaming into my window, - the event of toe past night Beamed like a curious dream or night mare, and;! almost persuaded myself that X had been the aabjoct of some waking dream ; which are common enough, although I had never eierienced one myself before. . Still, I'was not per- fectlv satisfied with -their explanation : the whole affair seemed to ine -so reaL I determined,' however; to say nothing about it to '.nnybody, and when Bose Herrick twitted me againatthe break-' fasttable abont ghoets, X Vowed ah utter immunity from any. of their clandestine visitations. . J,l' tonpgiit I observed a suppressed amile on her lips, butshe only replied . . : "Ah, then! Mr, Templ Tin afraid to« .epirite! . .jtiupk , vtoty jn bo. impression on yonr.hardiegal aoaL" Xwasfeftafone-toe greater part of this day—toe day after ChriMmas. In toe . inorniira; < Ethel ancl. Mite iBose, and some of toe - children, >paid a ririt to a hogbonring: fukiily; Mt - Htywopd', drinmg Jhem. Charity Deben, Ids brotoerFrank; and home mpie -went, ipiii -shooting. - I te- . intined at hnmibaringoome 'lettera -to Vrrie'atiintoinglfiV be vdontt i ; rironppuly iff Ethel .diuiiig : toe. entire , xlay. 6he rat bsride -him vo the yjfrbat : "seat df the trap; arid tiwy ;'weht '. dff Very eud" Wri'ljtto;tiLto .tne q&- I jstood .ratoerilamly 5toe;i-'rioar';i gwa«wft«aip»air oi otiwSSiCWe.- I reasoned with myrelf, and came to the ' "eoficlatiod toA it vks'rilly 'ontoypH rani" useless, to be diBremfited by any thing of the kind. I convinced myself -that I ought tor act as '.vif- sha was "'llb ' more to me than Rose Hemck. 'T:was spoiling my holiday by my ah80"!1 and if X could riot master my- . self, toe Booner I left for town the bet- . iter,. "Yes;" I Baidto myself, "I trill, make my exit to-morrow, or at least as soon as I can get away,". ; Then I fell to, thinking about my uncanny experience with the sphinx. 'I was not satisfied that it was an illusion of the senses, ahd yet I could think of no possible explanation of it It could not W a jtrick, prr there, was no mechanism about the little table, with its slender stem and" two knick- knacks. Ventriloquism, tod, was out of the question.. X did not know what to. make of it. It occurred to me to con sult the library about " illusions," "dreams," " Spiritualism ," fte,- and I went to it at once. On the ' library foy a collection of newspapers and periodi cals, some of which were scientific, others. Dooular. There was an electrical journal amongst toe former, with an illustrated, cover which interested me. I took itnp,: and it opened at a marked page. The- mysteiy of toe Bphinx was at once re vealed. On this page was a diagram : representing toe practical ass of a new invention called toe telephone, an in strument for conveying actual speech by means of electricity. It was toe first. I had heard of toe articulating telephone I saw it all -now. Charley's brother Frank was an electrician by profession, and he bad brought home with him two small American telephones. The girls had conceived toe idea of tricking me by their means, and bad got him to' 'fix up a telephone wire for them, while they bad skilfully enclosed the little instalment in the sphinx pin-cushion on the ' writing- table. No doubt they had toe other telephone at the other end of the wire in a convenient place, where they could use it without being eeen or heard, and thus by speaking into it they were enabled to act the Oracle of Tinn, since toe telephone inside toe sphinx reproduced whatever sounds they made. This revelation filled me with glee and triumph. I now recollected about toe laughter at toe beginning, and sudden stoppage of the oracle at the end of the conversation I bad had with the sphinx ; and so I did ' not doubt that Rose Herrick played the oracle, I imagined that Ethel had sud- denly ended the teance by forcibly stopping ber month. X went to my sitting-room and ex amined the sphinx and table. Sore enough, I felt the hard frame of .toe telephone ioside toe pin-enshion, and traced the wire, like thread, down the leg or tne tame, unaer sae carper, ana ap the wall, till it joined 'the ordinary bell- wire of toe. room, which had been utilised as part of toe telephone circuit. Evening came, and the young ladies returned. I inert them with my usual maimer. They hsdhadaeplendid day, and so wished I had been along with them. I had quite lost myself, moping up in the honse all day. The shooting party arrived soon after) and we all ' spent a comfort able, sociable evening in toe drawing- room, with music and conversation. "When the ladies had retired for toe night, I was nofc.lnrng « following suit. I went at once to my chamber, and took no tjaicftly «s poooiWo Wde Otp little writing-table, and applied my ear to toe sphinx. I could hear indistinct sounds, as of speaking, and occasionally a little low laughter. In a few moments the sonnds became more distinct; and I heard perfectly, as well as recognised, the voiceB of the speakers — Bose and Ethel ! , " I wonder if he is in Ids room yet P said Rose. "Oh, no, he can't be," said Ethel; " gentlemen never break np all at once." "Now, Ethel, after stopping me last night, confess do yon like Mr. Temple — a Utile." " Well, then, I do like him— a little." "And yon don't care for Mr. Hey wood— not much." "And I don't care for Mr. Heywood —not much ; bnt I know who does." This was indeed a revelation to me. The blood rushed .into my face; and my heart palpitated so that I feared they might hear it through toe telephone. " Who would have thought Mr, Temple was a poetP said Base. I strove hard to hear more, but could only make ont indistinct sounds. Sud denly it occurred to me to make a noise to attract their attention, and inform them that X had got to my room. X flung myself heavily into the easy-chair, and; heaved a long hopeless sigh. " Oh, therehe is !" I heard Rose say, in an intense whisper. ' " Did yon hear that groant " Oh ! he Is veiy bad," ! There was a period of silence. . Then I heard a voice issuing from toe sphinx : in lofty and solemn tones. It was the : voice of . the Oracle of Tum, " Child of mortals," it began, " where art toonP "Oracle of Turn," I replied, "here am I." ' " Woiddst toon know . to whom toy destiny is linked in .foture f Wonldst toon know toe fate that bangs over thy love t Woiildst' thou' lift toe veil of toe" unknown to gaze qpon toe features of thy beloved ! Thon whose soul' is yearning for a daughter of thy transient race, wonldst toon know if toe loves to'eeT' ' ' "Oracle of Tam,", I replied, in calm and measured accents, "know- that Iran indifferent. Know that, a child: of mortals, that pasaitoate 'arid jfeeble race which you seem to despise, caii also dis play ton unshaken self-command of . an immortaL - I solidt no revelations -from destiny ; I am content to ' wait 'with fortitude. Oracle of .Tom, . I "am: in different," .V. I , heard a half -suppressed "<Mi,miy!" and that was alL Need X ' eay - that : X : went to bed one of toe happust'of men; . , : ; " . The next morning I 'preserved my usual gravity at breakfast, and read ' my letters ' .diligeiiQyj -but Wffi ; hgitaied ; thoughts, ' During toe fcre'nooh I fmyid 'an oppartumty to seek XHss Ethel in the garden, where toe' happebed :to be afone. ' . ; " hGffl EtheV I erad, to „ we , reaped an azfamr at toe end -nf toe ffcuraxe Walk, iI I bad a strange experience last toght." ' iihe;bl"to?d.vT®?Yto«I,ly» anditnrhea. psids her htod. j! d-: ; V-.i-: " Did yoacverhesr of toe Grade rff „L poafaj -jteking ®er haito'y0n,9toiw'totor X-'-tejte'' tora-sff' LivlS&ri.Dtotortos; As ruetoento and toe laid her beantiM headRgonr 'f&SAiX; — - " At this moment there was a fight foot on toe walk end alight 'a mjfc-y jWetboked.tifcsPdAawlRosa -Hafr . iritotripbing towards 'ns with arogmsn look opon-ier Jface, whfleMiv- Heywood stood behind at the fiw end of toe watt. "Destiny has re voided itself at to®1" toe said, in coming forfard. ; , . ,, " In spite of Turn's great oracle, I replied. 1 - v « Well, did I not tdl ytm &»t toere were more things in iieaven moL «Brfn tiian were dreamt of ,m .ypar i phJioeo- phy P - ; - " Name them,", sua X " Why, toe telephone: And did I not tell yon that toere were angels still who came to do good deeds to men f « Who are they f ' I asked. . " Why, myselfj" answered Rose." "That is Mr. Hay ward at the end of "the walk. Had we not better go to him P asked EtoeL ' ' « That is my own Turn,", said Rose, "and hanesfajto X am his own; exclusive oracle." - - ' - John Chinaman (saya a New York paper) always substitutes an " 1" for " i" : in his 'Melican speech. Snch a linguistic l»craJ ought hot to be allowed to live on such latiohs as iye bled and lice in the : land of the flea. ; The times are so hard in some .parts of the West that theclergymenannonnce they will marry folks in clnhs of 10 or 20 at a much reduced rate. . J. C. Murphy, a negro -minstrel, ad vertises in the Nets York Sun that he has obtained a divorce . from his wife, and adds : " Once more I stand erect, and assume the godlike attitude. of free dom and a singlo man." It is now feared, says toe Burlington HawJceye, that, if Abdul- FhelimKhaboolsk Pasha moves from Rougtechack by. way of Kitcheneffender toward Blakdr, the Russian auxiliary force under Prince Vldmrantchikipoff at WrmthpchaM will be cat off and conciliated . A quack doctor advertises to this effect : "Cough while yon can, for after you have taken one bottle of my mixture, you can't." "Just keeping it lighted for another boy," is toelatest juvenile invention when a mother suddenly comes upon her little boy with a cigar in his month. : A Nevada man, who had seven homely daughters; got a paper to hint that he had seven kegs filled with gold in his cellar, and every girl was married in five months. ... Wise people who love to dive into apparently unfathomable mysteries are requested to explain why a pencil lead always breaks just when yon have finished laboriously constructine a -Doint with a dull knife. . A schoolmam, who was recently kissed - in the dark" "by mistake, explained "her" omission to itse any. aDylight for pearly two weeks afterwards on the ground of hard times. A deacon in Danville, £y., is so soru- pnloua about observing toe Sabbath that for twenty years he has not even fed bis . stock on Sundays. It is also noted-thatr he has done very little work on other' days. ' -i A New York chemist makes pills on. which the name and the dose are legibly printed. So toe man who takes them not only gets a needful medicine, but u— deal of valuable infor mation- The mosquito has been regarded ss a particular nuisance by man wherever they have -met. The bite of this peculiarly objectionable insect has an irritating effect npon most people, over and above the mere discomfort .prodnced' thereby. - Bnt it would appear that mental distur bance and systematic bleeding are not toe only injurious actions which toe mhagmt-n can and does exercise upon us. From what was said at the Pathological Society a few evenings ago it wohld appear that toe mosquito, is ' the means of spreading theyffaria sanguinolento amongst human beings. They suck up this tiny entozoon with the blood of their human victims ; and the female, mosquito, after their banquet, go to toe rivers to deposit their eggs. In doing so, the fiiarise and their larvm find their way into the water, and again to human beings Who drink it. In order to ascertain how far the mosquito is tlihs a carrying agent of disease from man to man, a patient known to have the filarisa in his blood was placed alone In a chamber, and an opportunity famished to mosquitoes to feed upon him. After that; the spoilers were captured and disserted, and in the stomach of one no fewer than onehundredmidtwenty filarial were found. This newly found relation of the mosquito to manadds materially to its objection- ableness ; for not only does it feed upon iis, but it helps to spread among ns an, entozoon which is known , to cause a definite;8eries of unpleasant pathological Consequences by its presence in the blooi; . " How, Bown Mabbied off am Daoobxebs. — "Brown, I don't know: how-it is that your girls all marty off as soon as they get old enough, while n«ie nfmine'cah marry." - "Oh 1 thto'e simple enough. I many my prie off on' toe buckwheat straw principle." ' "Bat. what is that principle ? I never "heard .of it before.'! f'.WeD, I used to raise a : good deal of bnckwheait; and it pnsried me bow to get rid aftheStraW; Nothing Would eat it and it Was n imt KntVa. to me. At last X. thought pf a pian. : I; stacked my buckwheat straw nicely, mid . built a high . rail fence-oroand lt, - My- cattle of course concluded thatit wae' something good, and at once tore down, toe fence and began to eat the straw. I dogged them awayaod put up the'fence a j fewtimee,biit themore. I drove thtoiaway toe inqre nniriouB. toey btoaine to eat toe Straw, and rat it toey did, every lfltof it; As I itod, I many my girls off ott the Bame principle. When a yonng maa ; jtbat J?iJojj't';hike: bns calling oiiiny guU'I«n«>aragehiin inevMy way "I can. S. tell him to come often, and Stay as lafo htf ha'. pleases, and ; I take; jnuns .to' hipt, to1 toe giris that; I .'.think toejftF britier ire| their paps , :for him- XtiwB! firptrate. . He -don't make many tolls, ' fop the girjs treat, him astooUy as'thty fceri" 'Bui when; a yonn (fellow SMt;!, )i, tomes raftrtiud, a -man .that l ihink , wtmldanitime for a Boa-in-)aw, X don't tot him make' titty calls -jtefore X give jubundjmy(bnpsei: i.'.X tell toerirtopl tfotttoty didl ucrt'liave anjrlhing- to fo trfthlu09! tophfii eabh "otoery ahff Brtt- fkrejtoi Aotoake f top -best of fftvyUitoi [?] 