; 'THOUGHTS ON POPERY. ; d\\( To the Editors ofdhe Protestant ' Standard. ), 1 Sirs,— The nPopish :;Div .Newman/ - of . .. the QratoryJ'Birmingham, says in, his." History :of MyfReligipU8 Opinions from 1841 to' 1S45," I eamri-/./,tbe/'<jqnclasion 'that there was' no me'dium;/in;truer'philosophy,' 'between1 Atheism / \- and Catholicity iPopery ?) ; > and that a perfectly / consistent, mind, under., .those fi circumstapc/es I in/ which it finds itself . here belo w> must em brace / either the'bhe/br/the'qtheK" ; 1 'To; this cbnclu-/ 8ion I propose to atate an objectibn/or two ;:and I will; first 1 remark 1 that, /this learned / \ma' (though irrational! inasmuch, as he threw.; oy board his, reason) had. i'/ brotber..educated/av - same school, arid as sinoerely pious' as ther himself, who" came to' a very different' elusion. .:A-; Jh, -Another, as learned .perhaps as. Dr. a the disciple of S. T. Coleridge, when y;ry philosophical work, has expressedytzon different result as his ' findirig ' oii tlrived of man in this' his earthly abode. /Jiyine at the philosophical; conclusion thon fa Logos is the instructor,, by his ma'egereni Christ Jesus, not.of tlie Pope asy'aly; but only, or of Popish hierarchy or world;" " every / man that cometh i/ '(John 1 ix.) This writer begins part iv. chap. 1 thus : — " It is now intended more explicitly to show that the principles of Christianitny are essentially part of the original constitution of the human mind, and are implied in the gift of .reason, considered as has been throughout inculcated, as the Divine Logos, who, in reveal ing Himself, enlivens and enlightens man to the apprehension of those eternal truths which are essential to his spiritual integration, accordfng to that idea of- spiritual integrity of which the Logos' is the eternal pattern in the heavens." According to this philosophical writer of the' school of S. T. Coleridge, the supernatural is viewed as something very diverse from that expressed in a pamphlet before me, entitled Hidden Springs ; or Perils of the Future and How to meet them," by Archbishop Vaughan. ' The Archbishop of (the diocese is not named)' describes the supernatural in a variety of symbolical forms of words, meant to convey the idea that Popery is the supernatural power ordained by the Supreme Being— God, to take His place for the ruling and teaching of the .nations, of the world. The Coleridgean philosopher says, "It can scarceiy be doubted that the design of Provi- /dence to educate and train mankind to the spiritual and mundane religion which ' Christ ianity' was intended to be, would have been frustrated, but for that supernatural light which He has graciously vouchsafed to man, -not the Pope merely, in order to make known to him from time to time the purposes of the /-divine economy. The gifts of reason (which Dr. -Newman and all Papists throw overboard) denotes the aptitude of the recipient for instruc tion, — the human spirituality which is to be developed into distinct consciousness and holy living. The supernatural process is the ' providential interposition which unfolds to man (not the Pope only, or his hierarchy of Jesuits) his spiritual destination. According to Dr. Newman, a man must either ; - he a Papist or an atheist. I do not see how he could come to such a conclusion, except (as I understand he deliberately did) by ignoring reason, the God- given quality. But then he says also, " I am a Catholic (Papist) by virtue -of my believing in God." Not many men are to| be found who do not believe in God. Atheism, as Professor Huxley says, is irrational; 1 and I say it is more consistent with Popery than with the religion of Jesus Christ. Now, a man who professes the religion of Popery, and does not believe in it, is more likely to be a bad man than one who, by thoughtful and earnest search, has arrived at the conviction that there is no secure basis of salvation in mere church-membership, and prefers to trust his soul's welfare on the words of eternal truth spoken by Him who ( His enemies being judges) " spake as never man spake." / When it was said that "the gates of hell should not prevail against" Popery, as Papists are so fond of assuming, there is a most incon- testable assumption ot a taisenooci, i.e., inau Popery is the universal Church of the Lord -Jesus Christ as the divine Logos. Our author says (vol. ii. p. 208), "in the sense in which "the spiritual philosophy employs the term 'reason,' I do not hesitate to affirm that the truths of the Christian religion are addressed to 'the ' reason ' and conscience of man,- and that conscience is human will when enlightened by divine reason." Observe, the philosopher places no priest between a man and his Maker. Neither is there any such interposition, when he says, " I venture to affirm that the end and aim- of the Christian religion — and that is, of religion irx the only proper sense of , the word— "is to promote tlie spiritual integration of man- Ikind, individually and collectively. " That Popery has no sign of being a Church of 'the Lord Jesus Christ must be apparent to any one whorhas anxiously followed oat the question of his "own salvation," as spoken of by St. Paul to the Philippians, in his letter to -them ii. 12. It is a mere ecclesiastico- political, institution for the enslavement -of the human mind, the suppression of social and political liberty, and the exaltation of a sacerdotaUcaste above above- all humanity, to reign in: undis puted infallible authority over the temporal and eternal affairs of all the nations: upon :the. earth;:/../'-. The /Rev. Pastor Chiniquy has borne ample testimony' to the truth of i this position 'of - "the .Roman hierarchy ; ; and / evidently ; He / pities both- priests and people' who have been trained in ' the ' belief that i the 'Papacy- is Christianity. News has just reached-iis from France corifirma- tory of this view of /Romanism being a'political 'rather ; than a religious/ institition. ' - In / the S M: Herald's Paris letter of No'vember Oth, it is statedi that - ' ' the evil!" which . M. 'Gam betta , " strikes' at is what is/here'known as clericalism, t which is nothing lessith'an ithe using of religion/ as /a political instrument," i and/ every'-' French. clerical is alBo an Ultramontane,! that - is,' he \- rather-obeys ' the /orders .that - come from the Vatican than the calls of his .own; Government.' Things-'have/ comei>to:such a:pass iU"France,/ that the secular; or.:national; clergy have;no" legal existence. - .There is' an.army of at least 400,000 (four: hundred -/thousand): members' of/ conventual; -or:- regular; orders Tn' this- country (France)i!: who- obey- no/behest ibut what Rome' permits them to/obey, and who acquire influehce i and: wealth< at the' expense of the natioual or/ secular! priesthood." ; Now." this is contrary to / the law of- that country, . and when desire/to restrain these- fanatical priests' within the /proper bounds /of; legality, "/they- cry/: out'. ' that the: persecutions of Nero and : his su 'ces- sors1 are /about to/recommence,'' arid one bishop, the;episcopos of Angers," has already published \- a; violent reply 'to M. Gambetta,; in which die" employs alhthe talent' he possesses "tri/ifan'tho flaines.of i .fanaticism-: into /aufire'/'that. shall envelope France in ; civil? and » religious) war." \- And- this firebrand, who, by a former 'extrava- gant pamphlet, nearly involved France in a'new war with Germany, reckons himself anbverseer of the fold of Christ's, flock of peace- making -citizens ! One would think that the charitable Protestants so often . mentioned in our Standard do not read about what Dr. Vaughan's confreres are doing on the continent' of Europe, or they would ; surely see /that he and his brethren would do the same on'' the continent of Australia, if ' they should obtain only half a chance. Arid "from.|this point" of view, what becomes of /Mrs. Criristable's/ asser- tion about the Rev. ; Pastor Chiniquy's anti- quated notions of her ecclesiastical superiors, and their doings hundreds of years ago ? Does she not know that the great boast of Popery is that it does not change, that it is always true to the principles oi its assumed infallibility? And do we not read, as I have just stated, of the still existing devoted determination of these emissaries of the Papal prince, to maintain his supremacy as the head of all princes and potentates everywhere, according to their power, whether in the dominions of our Queen or Prussia's Emperor, or of the Presidents of France and America ? ' The question of public education is closely bound up with that of the "clerics," or, as they are called in Italy the "blacks." M. Gam- betta proposes to deprive the clergy of all right to interfere in the national teaching, and con fine it absolutely to lay masters and mistresses. The attempt to restore the clerics to power in Victoria, by Act of Parliament, does not seem to stand much chance of success. If it were to succeed, it would be a Btep backwards, a retro gressive movement in legislation, tending only to confusion in politics and sociology.; and re producing in more bewildering heterogeneity that conflict in elementary and the higher systems of instruction with which we ought to have been amply satisfied in the past, what we want in New South Wales is a still further abatement of the interference of the " clerics " or "blacks," by the abolition of all State-aid to denominations of religion, in the support of priests or schools, either through the Council of Education or from the Church and school estate. I have just been informed of a young woman refusing to go to bed in an upper room of a three-storey house, because the occupant of an adjoining room had not gone to bed ; and this young woman (17 yeors of age) was frightened of, not white ghosts, but black ones. When asked where she got such notions, she said, From the schoolmaster of the Roman Catholic school that I attended." I am, sirs, Yours truly, TERTIUS. 