iElicaioiimualIa}JujDiiii|Ic THE LAUXQESTOir UiTES MoNnVv, 'August 6itt, il)7(). TnE proper regulation of (lit) Civil Jjtrvicc is a mutter ivliioli lins been urged upon the atteD(i(-ii of many Ministries iu Tasmania, and lias been tbe subject of much 'discussion and innumerable promises, without any practical result. In August, 1676; Mr Giblin, o» fA.tt(mi6jr4Jenot«l ol the ' KcMierlcy kA-flminiBtrallon, bronght formird a BUI .to RMrnkto thcCivil 6crvicc, and it was ntd.a^rtt time, but it never got beyond dial etagc' flic flrd-r fpr iU.aj.econd.rei)4- Ilig being discliargcd on 28rd September in tlio tame year. On BopUmber 12lh, 1876, wlicntbe Huibcy Ministry woro in iffice, tin' Governor's bpcccli, on opening Parliament, contained this passage — ' The position of the civil servants of llie country lias been long h\t to bo in n mod unsatisfactory state. Wholly devoid of lecal btatns ond rights, it is impossiblu their serviiT ran bo rendored witli tbat rcadiucsB mid good will which oWing fairly deult with, naturally inspire. This subject has already taw considered bvmyadvisensand will be sdb- mlttcd for your consideration. no lav us we can reuicmbiT the subject was not submitted iu any delinito form durii)£ that session. Ministers k-ing embarrassed by tUo action of the Opposition. Tho Atlornqy-General, Mr Dromby, was un6'cr'stooil to liavo a bill drafted npon the subject, but before it was submitted the Ministry were ejected from office. Tho subject haB since bucn one of promise on die port of tho Fyeli- Qiblin Ministry, but it ib only Don- that nc have got llio bib'. Before attempting to describe tbc proposed measure, vc may refer briefly to Uie present position of tlie Civil Service. That is pretty correctly, stated in tho speech of tho Governor, above qoolsd. The only laws referring to the Civil Service ore the Buporanlins tion Act of I8G0, 21 Vic, No. 16, -and the not of 1803, 27th Vic, No. 4, which virtually repeals tlie bupcraunnation Act, and abolishes pensions iu regard to all officers joining the service after the paBriog thereof. The act of 18C0 p*» vided for the payment of superannuation allowances to officers of tbe permanent Civil Service as follows :— For ten years service, and under eleven years, an annual allowance of ten sixtieths of tbe annual salary and emoluments of office ; for eleven years, and under twelve years service, eleven tixlicths ; and an ndJi tional Bixtieth for every additional year's service up to forty year^, when an annual allowanco of forty 6iitieUi6, or two-tliirds of tbc salary and cnoluments might be granted. Three jeers later our Legislature took an economical fit, discovered that tho system of giving superannuation aud other allcwances to theofliccrs of tbe Civil Service mas burden some to the finances of the colony without bcinj advantageous to the public ser vice, and they passed a bill abolishing such pensions and allowances, leaving the Superannuation Act to apply only to those ofni'ers who, at the cjinuicnci raoiit of (lie PcnsiuJis Abolition Acf. were serving in an established capacity in tin' prcinauent Civil Sertice of the colony. The natural effect of such lepslk'ion was to create heart burn ing. a,,J. jealousies. There were im meiliiitely eroated two classes of officers, those provided for comfortably under the Superannuation Act, aud ihose wbo, having unfortunately joined the service at a later period, bad no hope of such provision. The result, as slight have been anticipated, has heca continual agitation, until at length we have a bill before os to regulate the Civil Service. The Government of 1803 did nut go far enough. When seeking to abolish pensions they should have done it tifTcc tually, by commuting llioic already in existence, and for ever wiping them out from the colonial estimates. We arc no advocates for the pension system, bnt 60 long as it is recognised in respect to one portion of tho service, it it only fair it should be applied to all. We do not see why the officers of the service should not be expected lo sub tc'ilta if * similar Kiirfiraunna tion fund to that recently established in the Luunceston police force, the amonnt of contributions being supple mented by Government. This would be no greater hardship than that devolving upon ordinary individuals in the payment of premium for life assurance, and the moneys subscribed being carefully iu vcst«d at compound interest, would soon form a permanent fund to which officers could look with confidence, and which would not he liable to be interfered with by the caprice of Parliament. Tho hill before ns povides chiefly for the exami nation of candidates for the Civil S.rricc, the classification nf officers, annual publication of the civil list, enrolment of candidates, promoliou, preference, holidays, leave of absence, compensation for Ion of office, &c.;, &c; ministers, judges, the Governor's Private focrc taries aud aide-dt-camps, witii honorary and temporary officers, are exempt from tlie operations or the bill. Cldu'c 4 provides for tlie division of the Civil Service into four classes. The heads of departments, mentioned in a schedule to the bill, and 6Uch other office™ as the Governor may from time to time direct by notice in tlie ' Garotte,' are to be officers of ^bv first class. Clause i- declares that offic.-rs of tho second class shall be thow whoso minimum annual salary if £280 ; officers of the third class fliall be thotu whose minimum annual Ealary is £U0 ; officers of (lie fourth class shall be those whose minimnm annual salary is £50. It is of course provided that salaries shall not be reduced below the amount voted si the commenwmcut of the set. Undcrclause 9, persons initheprovisional or temporary employment of the Govern ment are, after five years' service, to rank as n-m-clasei6cd officers of the Civil Service, and to he eligible (or promotion to n 6xcd class according to salary. This provision applies to t«acber6 of public scIiooIb, coustables, and other oon-classifiod officers. Olnuw 11 authorises the appointment of a hoard of fivo examiners tn examine candidates for employment in the Cini Service, and the next two clauses provide that persons above the age of fourteen may present themselves for examination on th,e recommendation of a Minister, and on tho result of their examination, and on obtaining a certificate, will be entitled to be placed on tlie 'roll of candidates for tlie Civil Service.' Clause Jfi provides that candidates must enter tho service in the fourth class, provisionally, nponhalf salary for three months, at ihc end of that period, if his service has been satisfactory, he -boll be raised to full status. Promotion is, nuder clause 1G, lelt entiroly in the bands of tbe uovcrnor, who is to appoint the jierson whom he considers best' qualified to fill the office. The next clause takes away 'o||' ccrl&inty; of promoliou, giving the Gover nor power , in any case to secure Uie '' 6crylces of n person of known ability not in the service.' Tlie public holidays laid down in the l)ill (clause 2o-afcUie following :— Now Year's Day, Good Friday and Uie, following daj, Knstcr Monday, tlie Annirarsarios o'f the birth day of Her Majesty or tliat of Her suc cessors, and of ii« lioyol-Uighnies the Prince of Wales, Christmas Day and tho day following, Jmdao'y-Qrficr day ap lointcd in tho Gaieltt as n public holi day. 'The cottlpimfciXioh1 clause' is 'vicr haps-lhc mojtWjJrtaut. Jt.'is^/pl^ lows ;— ' The legal personal reprCEcula tivc of every officeriu tlie Civil Service who may hcreaftor die while in such semoo.al Ihough his doath may have occurred or may occur during the absence of such officer on leave, and every officer who BOiored tbe Civil Service after tlie thirtieth day of .July, lb'CS, shall, on being- reniovr-d from, or on being per mitted -to resign his office on account of illnrss, infirmity, age, abolition of office, or any other cause whatever, except mis conduct or pecuniary embarrassment, shall, with tlio content of tho Governor, I,,, entitled Ui and shall he paid by tho CbWCTTfeasTrerToiil TrmonoyVTo- be' pniviuVJ by Parliament for that purpose, a sum equal J to out .month's salary for every' year, nnd a proportionate earn for any period less than a your that any such officer may have served1 in tho Civil Service ; and tho average salary received by any such officer during the three, years next preceding such resignation or removal from office shall be taken as ? the salary of such officer for tho purpose of calcu lating the amount lo bo paid by the Colonial Treasurer aa aforesaid : Pro vided that this section shall not apply to any officer who shall bo permitted to rcticn his office, except upon a medical certificate of H|ncss 6t infirmity, hefore he shall have attained the age of sixty years, or have hcen twenty years in the Civil Service, nor to any officer who has quilled the service hefore the commence ment of this act: Provided also that nothing herein contained shall . affect or abrogate tho claims of any officer now in the Civil Service lo a superannuation allowance under tho provisions of llie Superannuation Act.*' The next clause prohibits the transfer or scip.urc under any process, of the moneys pavablo under llie act or any interest thereon, except by the last will and testament of the officer. Tho remaining clatiies regarding regulations, *c, aro of a merely routine, character. The bill on tho whole 6eems to have been carefully considered, and uo doubt can lie put into acceptable shape trhen in committee. It is desirable a measure of the kind should pass, and we trust tlio provisiops of that before us will be so improved as to render them perma nent. A rAi-Bii has been issued from tlie Colonial Treasury showing the atnouut ofthe-vorions loans of the Government or Tasmania. The debentures now cunvilt redeemable in London .between the yrors 1879 and 1908 amount to £1,088,400 ; Ihc debentures redeem able in Hohurt Town lo the year 191)2 amount to £G87,000, and there are Treasury bills due in Ilobart Town in the years 1878-79-80 amounting to £16,800. There are debentures autho rised for sale, bnt not i-su.'d.to the luue of £9000, so that the total indolitcdncss of the colony amount* to £1,753,200. Tnn Main Line AitniTiunos.— M.*i.r-. G. HigM.bo'ham, W. FrWn, and G. G.irdoN hid ? lone sitting on Ssiurdsr They commenced business hi half-pttil a.m iind were bu»i y occupied up to 2 uimuirs lo 7 p.m. Mr li. P. AHums Soliciior-Qnieral, was again prM.Mil oil !).?!, nil of llie Government, anrl Mr II. Djbson on bcl.all' of ihe Main Lino Itail way Compsny, Mr C. W. Richer acting as secretary. They completed taking evidence in reference to tbo toll to be paid by tlipMain Line Hallway Company to iho Government fnr the tirivilejie of runnine trains on th«Worti-r-linc between o'clock, end iln-n commenceii taking en dencfl wilL rrferpnfiH to the AtDOiint to ne pHid by tbe Government to ibe Main Line lUilway Comrftoy for carrying llie nKilt belweeD Hobsrt Town ftnd Lftun ccstou. Mr C. H. Grant, Muniger of tin? Main Line, and Mr A. O. Houi;la», Secretary to tl-cFoit Office department, den cc put in. especially in llie fint cace, as ro^ardrd tollage, was rcry voluminoui. in addition to the Urge amount L&krn; down in llie frem- ncc of tbe arbitrators, who will take the who'o with tli.-m to Melbourne, as they will require «ome 1 1 on1 to read and ciDsidcr it heforc giving their »«»r,l in each cite. Thry will re tlie rebult will not bo made public until it is ?nnnuncpd iu 1'arliament The gentlcin?n f.^rminii the Board of Arbitra tors i'.tendrd to return to Melbourne by ihc k. s. Manssna, winch left ye.tctdsy, but they altered their arrangements, and Tf understand they intend lo proceed lo H'lhurt TVn-ti hy express traiti io«1ay. New Bnjfl. — Wo have received copies of a bill to amend tho Salmon Act, 1805: a hill to nuke provision for the Preserva tion of Trout in Hub colony, and to rrgulato tho fishing for tho samo ; a bill ti regulate the.Ciyil Service of Tasmania ; a bill to amend the Stamp Dutios Act, 1670; and a bill to provide f.r the examination of and grant of certiGcates of conipu oncy to persuns intending to board HritiBh ships. THE DOXOLOGY.- We have received from Mr. Alfred J. Taylor, of Hobart Town, a copy of a doxology, the music by himself. The title page, music, and words were all prepared by Mr. Taylor or the lithographers, Messrs. Davies Bros. HERR CARL SCHMITT'S ANNUAL CON- CERT. — Thu final rehearsal for this event comes off this evening, and tho concert Till be given at tlio Mechanics' Institute to-tuurrow evening. The concert consists of Bevcral pieces of choice vocal and instrumental pieces, including two over tures by Pollard's Orchestral Union, and two overtures by Uorr Carl Scbmitt— ' Scuue de Tombeaux' (from Luoia), uud D' Aitcy, Uiub'b Ghost. t-Mu D'Arcy Read's novol and sensational entertain mont opens at tho Pavilion Theatre, Publio Gardens, this evening, when three of his best pieces will bo produced— tlio spectral adaptation from Goethe's i FaUBt' ? tlje amusuig incidents illustrating ' The Pnrsoe in Soarch of a Wife,' anf ' The Haunted Homo,' with. . appropriate scenery, costumes, and selections of vocal and instrumental music A Misbb.— Anoldimui, wlio is tlwuglit to derivo his means of subsistence iTroin the collection of bottles, Jc. , was found hy Const^hlc U'Kccfu on Friday evening, in a drunken nniibrui-ed sato IS Uatliunt street, and taken by him to tho station, when upon searching him tho sum u! £32 wbs found on him in sovereigns, and llsTdin silver mid coppers. Ho was brought Up at the I'olioe Court on Satur day, and the magistrate in passing son tonco on him, remarked Ui the prisoner that he might to consider 'himself forhi' nate tbitJiB.Uad, not been robbed of .his motfey.'1' ' ' - QuiaTEuitLicEKSiiia Meetings.— Tho third qusrterly HceHiiou meetings of tbe y»r mil Ibo, held at the u.ual placet 4llrou;hout the colony to-day. Tint for IheJislrio'l*1 oT Lauileeslori and Stlby irill be h«l-) at Ibe Court Hbusf, Launeeaton, at U*.ro., , , . , ,'.,.. Cocur of liKQDrMs. — Tlie usual tnonltilv tiltiriiT ol the Ctaurl of ' Requests ... Lkurirciton, (rill be held to-morrolr. Hi»Hon6FMr Comtnisjloner Wliitefoerd sill openllio £600ourtat 10 ami ? A .Fmoetfoi. Oibe,— The steamer Devon, whii-h arrived from the Korth- Wos«,ljo-«{pii6-ttir94y,trouglttn colored. fully conunitted for trial at Ermi ?liajr on Friday on a, charge ,of committinir a erimiM-ukiSult irboii- ^mSi^&i;' tJbarlotto Ma.ryiGrant,1 'o^e^Jillgui nino yean, I ho evidence exposes a most cruel and horrible crime, and foan are enter' tainod aa to tho safety |of the ohlld'a Ufa. Loss OP A VilCiULB GaiTHOUKD.— On Friday Mr E. H. Beading waa giving BOinu dogs a rua out at.St. Leonards, when omi of thorn, a block dog, ran away to an adjoining farm, and was allot. Tho dog was a very valuablo animal, mu of good pudigreo, and was owned by Vr John Joycu. of Brubano street. Siuu IK TASUani.— The question of' Ih- olleced ..inbreak of span in Tasmania was referred lo in I ho Assembly on Thursday, tho J&rnirji; says, Mr Gaun aon .movipf; the adjournment of tbe House, iu order to read from the Ta* jsimuin iitixnauwljiiattttJj'tssS °L Ibe discovery ol a Hi-eased animator a flock belonging to Mr Kermode. Mr Graves supported MrGnnnion in hisap Jjlicjtiou that tirinpont regulations Ehould bo placed upon the importation of Tsimanian sheep. Mr Berry denied, however, that the lion, member had ilocedniry nefc1 facti before tbe Honse. That TaRmauia was not a clean country had been recogniBed for years, and shrcp were only admitted to Victoria under quarantine regulations, vbioh were con sidered sufficient by the inspector of sheep here, and were slso considered sufficient by the Government of New South Walei, which was very vigilant in tho matter. Tlie alarm, Mid Mr Berry, waa an annual scare frot up before the sheep show, and in this initance it »u aggra vated by Ihe circumstance thai a flick belonging to Mr. Kermode, the well known breeder, bad been dipped. But tbe flock was 3l- miles from the stud farm of that gentleman. After giving Ibe sub ject full consideration, Mr Berry has not lelt called upon to impose new regula tions, snd be bss telegraphed to the Colonial Secretary of Tasmania to that efiect, Masoxic Ball, Hobabt Toww.— A grand ball under the auspices of the three Hobart Town Lodges of Freemasons waa held at the Town Hall, the Mercury says, on Thursday night, aud provod a thorough about 180 couples present. The various official and private members of the Craft beingarrayed in their regalia and jewels, volunteer forces being clothod in their scarlet and blue uniforms, together with the charming variety of tho colors of tbo ladies' drc&tfCS;, mado }he sceno a very brilliant one. An excellent programme of twenty-four dances wob carried uut under tho superintendence of Mr .lohn Coatea, the master of cereinonio* and socretary, to whose exertions the succors that has attended tlie holding of the hall is largely due. It is estimated that after all tho expenses aro paid there will bo a con siderable surplus, which will bu applied to thu purpose! of the Benevolent Fund in connection with the Order. LaBoE Profits— We (/ijf) learn that Messrs Lyell and Gownn have re-Bold thu greater portion of the property in .'ollins street which belonged to the lato Mr Petty ou such terms as will learo them a profit of Borne 1:10,000 on tlie transaction. So much for tbe allegod duprociation of city property. Twenty-six feet frontage of the property, by a depth of 15H feet, has boeu soli to Measra ciunsler and Co , on -which to erect a cafe in thu latest Cun tiuontal style. The plans for the build ing aro bding prepared by Mr Lloyd Taylor, the architect, and the erection of thu premises trill ho procuedei) with at once. Another frontage ot twonty feet has l.cen purchased by Air S. Mullen. REcuvmr. of tue Lost Ikfint.— The I mystery involved iu the abdnclion of tho infant of vlrsE. A. l'otti, of Brunswick street, Fitzroy, in December lost, and which caused such a scnaatiouat the time, has at length been cleared up. It was mentioned in Wednesday's Argvi that a married woman named Mary Agnes Fitsgibhon had boon arrested by Dctcc tive Edolaton on suspicion of having sto en the infant. Prior lo the meeting of thu City Court on Wednesday morning the woman confeaiud that sho had stolen tlie infant, and tho child wsa thereupon restored to Mrs Potta. Tlio woman Fitz gibbon ma remanded to appear at the Fitzroy Police Court on Monday next. RtxEtSE of Dr. Buidfobd —After an incarceration of threo weeks Dr Bradford has been released from tlie Melbourne Gaol. Ha had about throo years ago married Miss E. M. Ware, award of Court, with out the permission of the Court having been obtained Since thon he has ru Bidud in New Zealand till about a month ago, when he I'cturncd to the colony, and surrendered himself to be dealt with by the Court. Mr .lustice Molesworth at onco ordered him into the custody of the sheriff. Subsequently an application was made for his discharge, ho consonting to any terras tho Court might impose. Mr Justice Molesworth directtd a settlement to bo executed depriving Dr Bradford of any sharo in the properly. 1 ho master in equity on Thursday reported that thisBottle ment had been Bujned, and (hereupon M r Justice Moleawurth ordered that Dr. Bradford should be released. In the course ot the afternoon Dr. Bradford was liberated from custody. 