MELBOURNE TO GIPPSLAND. (BY A FOOT TRAVELLER.) I resume my story. Six miles from Brandy Creek selection ceases, and then there is (to a foot-pad) a long dreary stretch of sandy country extending nearly to the Moe. Two publichouses on this part of the road have been closed, and there is one near Shady Creek which has now been opened. The snort of the iron. horse frightened the owner before he coin pleted his building, and he sloped, leaving lamentations over his, untimely departure. The, road in ,fact all through is desolate and lonely, as, since the opening of the railway, all traffic, except that of cattle, drovers and wandering swagsmen, has for saken it. The few publicans. who keep their houses open spend. their unprofitable. hours cursing the railway and all. con nected with it, from the heon. John Woods. down to the meanest greaser ofa heels. A' What good,". said, one of these stranded liquor vedors, "does railways do, ?...They takes the traffic olf. the roads, and ruins hard working in dustrious fellows like tme. When they're being made its right enough, but. when they are finished hundreds of hard'up chaps, are t!rown out of work., And who pays for these railways P Why its uso-us ust.they ruins. If the Govern ment.had to pay for the railways their selves they.would not be so fast.making of .them." Byron .. rote.something to the.effect that pleasure is to be found in the pathless words. I have, a great respect for thati defunct nobleman as a poet, but he is not a reliable aisthority on matters connected with 'the bush. If he had' spent a few hours trying to find his way to civilization, from the baniks of the ''arwin for instance, hie would never. have committed that foolish observation to paper. It is pleas anot to stroll' thrbugh the bush on' aisum liter afternoon with a good track under my feet, while; overheardr, th tlbreeze softly sighs the music; of,lMaritana.,.But iii, the neighbourhood of Br'andyj rcek, tie utilitrian spirit of t e' age, or rather thel axes of tbhe:' let'rsh'av, 'ren l'ered tlh~t '"?leaisure '" thiing' "6f .ils past: 'l'he' ' ringing" operatiohs have'destriyed nil' sy;lvan charms, :Denuded of their foliage, the rees, stand, up in, gaunt ghastly coluimns, like ghosts of the primeval ;woods. No oue, hat absolutely devoid of human se cibilitias;.can jss through the dying, forestwithoui beng p iressed?)?ith feelings of' inelannholic kind. Isuppd'se the.professors ofit)!e gospel of evolu;jon would ascribe thes. fe~elilgs the symn patly existing' btwgi u the vfgetable and piqual tvprlds.' 3h',"far,nfaied Gllu-pot, is ng loIger a terror; tothe Jehuhn ?v!lgn been excellenitly corduroyed. Ind'ed now there are only twop:or ;three ,,bad,pJnaces along the road, which are beipg put in good ,ondition? as rapidly' as possible. 'rhde:.lelts ir bf Braiid'Cre~k' db';io' yet n?i j? local' dilf-govecninent; 'icithle'r fIdb th'y' 'eem nnxous tdo vail''theinselv'esif' its adi'antages. 'The townspeople wish to form a Shire, ,ut the country folks iswears they do hot want one, and,will not under any,.circeumstancps pay, rntpsfora aj',heu slderable timne to come. Between nhady Creek apd the uoeC',` party; of :i?k;~tri'i'irs. have commenced operations.- `Although-'from?n' cursory view there Adid not[appear, to, he a'lprge numlber of trees' the men seemed .satisfied with 'theiri rosipects, "the cheapl carriage allffordedl by the railvway, which' is'closely adjacent,i'givingi theni{ aistrong" handicap in theirfavour. The soil seems admirably adapted for thoe cultivation ofthe W.attle; in facti speaking with,some knowledge of the subjecet, I,may, sanythere is.scarcely'n lioality 'in' Victbtia 'sno're ifadrarblc for its cultivation than the one tniider'note.'r" Si'hd 'Mbel'is' situated in' thei nmidst 'of a large State forest.::;Governtients' move'in' a mysterious nwy. An ordiuisry,individuail would imaginelthat'a Stateforest.was, re-I seived for. tbe preservatiml, and propslgoi kind. The. State forest at thei?i~o co?b - prsi~es th' !iiiri?bt' biifn"::lind "rfoir twinty miles .rounil,'add' iis!thinly covered' with! iiintme that is of:,rio 'eirthilyval'e.u One of, the .inhabitantes told, metthat'tthelrea was proclaimed ,p State, forest because it; was. so. worthless tlat; no selector wdnuld look li it. The-MWe is 'the ,ue'dquit'ers spectivt"iiitaffs of 'g idee"" WhteAi"'i at the Moe the absorbing subject of' 'oii; versition i?as the:myeterious' ahsen'e'tidf land finder.. iHe' hadi gone out.with~two intendilig ,electors:,some, three,;months. before., A'ter traversingthe.bugh a couple of;d?ys, the selectors refused to. 'accom pany fiim nrtlier', 'nd"iiadse' their` Way lbick'ti? tlic' 'Mo."e! Bt thl''uiide Wtiild' not'come back;,and has 'n'bt'beei heardtof sihce:,ziThejfavourite' locality with telec tors is at present the Tarwin river.district.: The ground is,described,,nas ,agnificent, I'he timber,,chiefly, black,, butt,,grpws to the hheilh't f bect?t'een 200 orS.00 fe'et,'add Is' useful to tlhe settle'r'i' many,'wy, it can be soeiiasily split: 'Tit seems' iiit sortaf Sioi' between 'white gunm'and stringy bark: About;'90 selections .in this locality have been .takenoupr duringl the last'iciduplei of months., Very, few.,havc yet gone?on their land, but 'the majority are mnking active preparatiown, to doso., oThe land" uj'Macdildnl s track is' 'i'icied'ny.'mnuby,.' and occasional selectiins hiire" b'eiilg'itik'en' upi 'pfhoase wheiha'e 'been on'tbeiirtland' are'auiply.satisfied with hthe, eiiuality, adi'1d consider their 'prospects exceedinglyf rosyi, It is of somewhat, similar character to the. Tarwin,land but more rangy.'. g? lr t .The Narrac an, abotit ?n dozen miles from' dfoe,' is thickly settld.' 'The inb habitanits are''vertr ing'hiniiof thh futiuri of'their"'districte'na d firill,' helieve thrit the largest town hetnween Me)lbourne'tand' S?ale.iwillabe in',their Ovicinity..Onthe, hbanks ofthe Latrobenumnerous areas have been takbei up. yThe railway has greatly stinilaited, sestlemepnt here, not only by affordin~g cheap and' l'osy hcoiiiiiifoiationr with t?he 'niiktiti' bi by1 affoi: l fdi u ',di ployment totlhe selectord, m'niy iof ?whin have taken the.oppoi~inity of earning' a few pounds when unable to workon their t land.. Potatoes of , sp!lndidqyality p are', grown here, and English,getssaoe. thliie,,' amazingly. The lyge settlemedptround Moriell cls 'for in sio cianl tiii asit presents chllairateristics 'simildir to'!hp'' just describe'dtl Fr6ri' thb6'tieto TrAi' allidn the road isibbordered'dwith"' farms, batudthe, lande? does:,not. seeinto ? be'obte,first-class i iualitty,,: PSrlOqps;,tmer,,is ppo; tnwnship,' 4otsivill benefit monrciy the Pale ;railsuy' khn bari!ginni .Siinnted in the- pIid 'cellcnt'eouiifr'y,' with rhododiivergi nrgto a terminus' aidrlaln i'p'orltin for"an' lrge' istrisctnd?rTheld'Vraralgon'esi lareil fully hware of their ndvantagebd.andseem de (ermined, to; make theiqrmost 4qf m,them. The towns shows', sigqns of.extension, nodl will lie'"d't 6fil' e 'dt'ili'ort i r'ltcon'itry tinIvl "inaGip pislandc ' "Drt c Mk,(itnri htl:l.'A;; is :'naboutl'toitart"' newspaper here, tonwhich the'prdispectusI says the nmajority of the possessors ooft liteirry. talent in the colony, have propmisedto.cop trimtFe S you mustelook to pyo laurels, r t. .press of . node'st " .7 rralgn,.hll eclipse that of pretentiousna Sanl~rei 'iroralSan to Sale iihd'distzi''e isi'80 nmile's. The couritry s no dloblot' fimiliar to your rendersi., ICif iis notjit:augo it inobe. soTI mvill: coilido rmy account lofmniy trimi to, GippslandatIr'tralg oP ,whichma a un cei nomo for a stuttering mats to , pronounce. 