Amusements. The Sydney theatres nna other places of amuse ments maintain their attractiveness, though there is a slicht falling off in the attendance since the return of the great majority of country people to their homes. Still, all the Tbsepian temples are well patronised. At the Theatre Royal, ' Ivanhoe' continues to be the attraction, with changes of songs ; ' Othello' in being played at the Victoria Theatre; Baker and Fan-on tim At #.h« Onion's. ThomRnn'n Didrama. at tho School of Arts, and Darcy Kead'e wonderful ghost perform ance at the Guild Hall. At tho Eoyal, the fun in ' Ivanhoe ' is well kept up throughout the whole piece, lhrour.li the fine burlesque acting of Miss Lydia Howimle, Jlisa Maggie Oliver, Mr. South, Mr. Lesion, and Mr. Brown. The latter gentleman gets great praise for his make-up and acting of the character oF the Jew money-lender. So, also, does Mr. South, for his immensely humorous acting and singing in the character of Rebecca, a young lady of a decidedly masculine temperament. His songs - are nightly eucored. The Misses Deorwyn contributed largely to the mirth and to the success of the piece by their delivery of the smartly-written dialogue upon prominent topics and persons, and for their neat and finished dancing in the tonnuiment scene. Mr. Maclean and his talented children also evoke im mense applause for their dancing. ' We don't want to fight, but by jingo if wo do,' an sung by Mies Howarde, continues to stir up the patriotism of the pit to a wonderful pitch of en thusiasm. All who have witnessed the performance of 'Othello,' at the Victoria Theatre, and there are full audiences every night, must admire the manner in which this great play is produced. Mr. Croswick's ' Othello ' is one of the best impersonations he has yet fpven to a Sydney audience, while Mr. Carey has fairly taken the audiences by storm by his masterly embodiment of the character of Iago. Wo have seen Mr. Carey play many imjiortant parts uvcecdingly well, but J.t,'o must, in our judgment, Iwset down as his im.stor impersonation. Ha had the audience with him lrom first to last, and lie wrn annlauded to the echo, and called beforo the curlain at the end of every acL His affectation of surprise at hearing from Desdcmona and- Amelia of Othello's anger was especially fine, and it was interestiug to see how closely tbe audience followed him in this, as, in fact, all other exhibitions of his duplicity. In delivering the passage, ' trifles light as air are to the jealous confirmation stroug as' proof of holy writ,' Sir. Carey gave point to the words by sporting with the handkerchief with w'nich, though a trifle, he worked such fatal mischief. The whole impersonation was, in fact, remarlutble for its vigour and coherence, though in his final exit ho was scarcely so effective as rnight have been expected from his superior delineation nf the character up to that point. We understand that it is intended tlie parts of Othello and Ingo will be changed during the weak, Mr. Orojwick taking the character of Iapo, and Mr. Carey that of the Moor. It will be interesting;to compare the two characters under the different repre centation. Mr. Douglas makes a very good Michael Cassio, and Mr. Bland Holt a tolerably efficient Kodengo. Miss Emma Austin is to be complimented for her efficient and vigorous' rendering of the character of Emilia, and for the taste ehe displayed in dressing the part. Having said this much, it re mains to be eaid of Miss Ashton, that a more efficient Desdemona conld not be desired. She fully sus tained the reputation she has acquired of being one of the most refined and gifted actresses that has ever visited Australia. It will thus be understood that the production of ' Othollo' lias been a great success, audindecditwas so most unequivocally. The play will more than repay a visit, either from the admira tion it mnBt evoke, or from the value of the lessons that it so impressively teaches. 