THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, November 2G. The Pefsidest took the Chair *t 2 o'clock. POLLING-PLACE AT STEPNEY. A message was received stating that the Governor would issue m nrodamation dcclsrins St- pnev or Kent Town a polling-place to theDmnct of Hast Torrecs. B07AL METALS BILL. The PRESIDENT read a menage gtitiag that Eer Majesty the Queen had aaaemed to ths Boyal Metals BUI. I NEW STANDING OKDEES. * The PRESIDENT read manages stating tha-. Hia Excellency the Governor had approved the Standing Sola and Orders adopted bj the Council relating to public business, and also those relating PABLIAMENT H0U8E COMMISSION. The PEE31DENT said the Parliament House Commission had sent in their report, which was as follows :— 'That having considered the various sites indicated in the report of the Commission appointed on February 6, 1878, to report on sites for new Parliamentary Buildings (vide Parlia mentary Paper No. 32 of 1878). together with other Bites suggested, the? would recommend the following as in their opinion the best position for the erection of such truildings-that is to aay, a site commencing fifty feet eut of the proposed new Institute and museum on North- terrace and extending eastwards as far as required. 2. If It be arranged to in clude the present Institute as part of the design for the new Institute and Sliueum (pace would then be oh nined for the erection of the proposed Parliament Houses without any encroachment on the TJnireisiry block; otherwise this recommenda tion of your Committee would necessitate the taking a Email portion of the land granted to the University. 3. Reference to the minutes annexed will sV.ow that the Committee of the house of Assembly when in conference with yours declined to name any Rite as in their opinion the besi, although j our Committee agreed to recommend to your Homurable Council any ope of the various Bites rn North-terrace with certain limits therein specified (including that now recommended) pro vided tliat the said Committee of the House of Assembly wruld aaree to any one of them.' The CHIEF SKCRETAKV (Hon. W. Morgan) moved [hat the report be pnnttd. Carrieit. POLLING-PLACE AT WANDEARAtL The Hon. J. FISHER moved 'Tl.at «n address be presented to His Excellency theOouiinr, praying His Excellency to declare Wandesioh, is the Electoral District of Stanley,, a rolling-pine.' Be said i lie senior member for Stanley, at whose requot he moved the motion, hail assured him that fit: 7 rersons would at present be accom modated, that the district was crowing rapidly, and that the r,t aiest polling-place was fully fifteen miles distant. Carried. POLLING-PLACE AT MOKGAX. The Hon. J. PEAKCE moveil ' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Covet nor, praying His Excellency to issue a proclamation declaring Morgm to Us a polling place for tlie District of Light.' Be said the nearest polling-place to the important and riMnp township of Morgan was at .Blanche town, lliim-two miles away. Several hundreds were no* l*in-r surveyed and Morgan would soon heconie the centre of a large population. The district was growing so much ihat in the next Electoral Hill the District of Light would probably have to 1* divided and the locality of which Blorpan fin xei the centre would then form part ofthei.c-- district. Carritd. HOONTA BAY RAILWAY BILL Second reading. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan), in moving the second reading, said the object of the Bill was to authorise the construction of a line of railway from the terminus of the present line to the Moonta Jetty. The distance was forty-sii chains and without the connection with the jelly the line was rendered comparatively useless. The cost wcuid be £6.000. The cause of the large amount for such a short line was that probably ten or fifteen chains near the jetty would have to be protected l-y a reawall or carried on piles, and the eca side ol the embankment must be protected from the wash of the sea at high tides. The six thousand pounds included the completed line and junction with the jetty, and aiso the completion of a portion of the line in Port Moonta. The Hub. W. SANDOVEB was rather startled atthelarce amount of £-i,000, and was under the impression that if the Company had carried out the eito urn they would have done it for £2,000 less. Probably the Government were going to make tl e work stronger. Though he did not anticipate any large returns from the railway he would f tif port the Bill, as it was absurd to leave the gap Lei ween the railway and the jetty. The Hid. T. HOGAKTH asked what was the differetce in the levels of the railway and the jetty. He tupposed it would cost a good deal to level ore up or level the other down. The Hon. J. PEAKCE would support the Bill, as it wculd tend to increase the usefulness of the line. The Hon. J. FISHER would also support the motion an tending to improve the communication and to rarke the existing line as useful as possible. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. \Y. Morgan), in reply, said the £6.0i!0 would cover the whole cost of connecting the line with the jetty. The levels if the prcseut line and the jetty were practically the same. The Bill was read a second time and passed through Committee without amendment. The Stamlinv Orders having been suspended the Bill pat scd through its remaining stages. CROWN LANDS BILL. Consideration in Committee of reason of House of Assembly for disagreeing to one of the amend ments ma'V by the Council. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hop. W. Morgan) moved that the amendment, which was to leave out the proviso to clause 37, be not insisted on. It was impossible for the Government to accept the amendment, and the House of Assembly evidently would not The other House hid accepted the other amendments, and the compromise would be a fair one if this were not passed. The Hon. H. SCOTT hoped the Council would insist on the amendment. One great noint had been lost sight of, namely, that an ordinary lessee could make improvements without the consent of his landlord while a pastoral tenant was not in the same position. Besides it should not be for gotten that the Government could resume the land when they liked and that they need not do so unless it suited them. Those interested in squat ting in tlist Council had shown every desire to meet the Government, and it would be the fault of the Government if the Bill were rejected because of the retention of this proviso. The Hen. R a BAKER said he would vote with the Bon. H. Scott. He believed that if the pro viso were retained it would be detrimental to the interests of pastoral settlement There were several ptrsons nnder the impression that thi would only relate to leases granted after the expiration of the present ones. But this was not so. Clause 36 provided that the Commissioner might grant leases of land not witbin the limits of the first schedule. The first schedule included all the land from th: black lice to the northern boundary of the province, and the land not included meant th' whole of the colony south of the black line. This comprised all the land that was capable of being Blocked with sheep within the next twenty years. He would not be sorry as he had said if the Council agreed to the amendment. The Hon. R. A. TARLTOX said since the House bad been sitting he had consulted the Commis sioner of Crown Lands on the subject of the construction placed on clauses 36 and 37. He had pointed out on a former occasion that it the view fie then held was correct the proviso was a very absurd one. but he thought be was wrong; and if what the Hon. J. Crazier had said and which the Oommirsioner of Crown Land* also said was correct, and he believed it was, the proviso was a very gold one. Nearly all the land south cf the black line was at present leaked, and when these leases expired! they would be dealt with under present conditions, and it would be in future teates that the Commissioner had a right to claim notice of improvements, and that was he thought on I v fair. He thought hon members were wrong in thinking that the levees between the red and black lines would go under the new Bill. He would tot, but in spite of the opinion held by some be would be inclined to do so for land to the north of the black line. The Hon. J. FISHEE asked if the hon. member had a right to vote when he declared himself interested on both sio-« nf this line. Ihe Hen. J. CROZIEB thought if this proviso wen passed the improvements they bad made inside the black line would not be paid for. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) pointed out that the case was governed by the previous section. The Hon. J. CROZIER thought it should be left to the lessee to make the improvements he thought best Be would as soon see the Bill thrown out a- containing this proviso. The Hon. a B. YOUNG thought that the Hon. R A. Tartton was in error in thinking no leases south of the black line would be transferred under the consolidated Act, but that was the case and an item the Commissioner's permission would be required for the making of improvements. He thought it would have been much more simple to have had one BUI dealing altogether with land north of the black line. (Hear, hear.) He would tie sorry for the sake of this amendment to see the £U1 jeopardised. The Bon. T. HOGARTH thought it mattered not what they passed, for if the Government were not to be bonnet by the clauses of a lease they would he bound by nothing. After making this Bill retrospective it mattered not a straw what they did one year, for it might be undone in the next. The PRESIDENT with regard to the point that tad l-een raised by the Bon. J. Fisher had con sulted 'May.' On July 17, 1SI1, the rale was laid down as fo'lowi:— 'In the Commons it is a dis tinct rule that no member who has a direct pecuniary interest in a question khall be allowed to vote upon it; but in order to operate as n disquali fication this interest must be immediate and personal and not merely of a general or remote description. On July 17, 1811, the rule -» thus explained by Mr. Speaker Abbott: —'This interest must be a direct pecu niary interest and separately belonging to the persons whose votes were questioned an i not in common with the rest of His Majesty's subjects or on a matter of State policy.' This opinion was given upon a motion for disallowing the vote* of the Bank Directors upon the Gold Coin Kill, which was afterwards negatived without a division.' He thought it was competent for the bon. member to vote. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Margin) reminded the Council tbat this country com prised principally what would fall into the hand] ol the Government in 1&S8; when a hue number of leases expired, and it was the object uf the Govern ment to cut them up into smaller leases. It was fair that if improvements were made upon these tte CorrtE»»ioner of Crown Lands should have notice of them. The Bon. K. C. BAKER said the Government might mean to do certain things, but all he could say was tbat there was no' a single word in this or the other clause making them expressly or implied refer to leases granted after the expiration of the present leases. The Hon. H. SCOTT said this dealt with a large area of land between the black and red lines, especially on the west coast, which ru not yet Fettled, and that would requite to be settled before they could go further into the interior, for country that was worthless was not fit to drive sheep over for any distance. The two clauses referred to were very indistinct and if they passed them in the present form they would be very difficult to wotk. He would again call the Chief Secretary's attention to the fact that the Government in pa} ing compensation would only have to do so for such wells and dams as increased the carrying capabilities of the countiy. The Hon. H, KEKT HUGHES endorsed what the Hon. H. Scott had said as to the Commissioner of Crown Lands only being liable to pay for wells and dams that increased the carrying capabilities of the country, and for such dawn it was moit fair that crmpensation should be given. Q be Bon. B. A. TAKLTON' bad been given to understand from the remarks of the Commissioner of I 'town Lands on the second reading of the Bill in another place that the Government had purposely excluded the western portion of the country /rom lease for the present and intended seeking for water upon it If they found water it would then lie leased under the more advantageous conditions to the State arising from that discovery. But the country south of the black line he was assured was all leased, and it must fall out before il would come under these conditions. The Hon. J. CROZIER said some of tbeae leases h.-iil only three yeata to run. The motion of the Chief Secretary was then declared carried. The Hon. H. SCOTT called for a division :— Atks. 10— Sir H. Ayers, Hons. Campbell, Hoilg kiss, Durh'eld, Hay, Pearce, Santo, handover, Tarltnn, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Noes, 7— Hons. Baker. Crozier, Fisher, Hughes, Bogarth, Young, and ircott (teller). Majority of 3 for the Ayes. The Council resumed and the resolution was reported. On the motion tor the adoption of the report. The Hon. A. HAY said the clauses were so vazue he would have liked to see a new Bill but rather than take the responsibility of throwing out the measure, which contained valuable provisions, he had voted with the Government The Bon. B. C. BAKER pointed out that according to a paper laid on the table the increase in the value of land after it was resumed and re-leased, was enormous. In the bands of the Education Council £14,500 had been received for what brought tbe Government in only £337. This fact would be a great temptation to impecunious Governments— and all Governments were so-to resume largely. The report was adopted. LAND AND PROPERTY TAX BILL. Adjourned debate on tbe second reading. Sir H. AYERS said if he occupied the attention of lite Council longer than it was his custom on the present occasion he would have to claim the Indulgence of the Council in consequence of the importance of the measure and his desire to place upon record his reasons for the vote which he would give uoon it He could not congratulate the Chief Secretary upon the manner in which be bad introduced tbe Bill to the Council. He had utterly failed to show any reason for the Bill becoming law. He needed no other material than the lion, member bad furnished to show conclu sively that this Bill was not required and that tbe Chief Secretary had made out no case for the measure. Mot only that, but the hon. member had exhibited a want of tact which he did not generally show in making allusion to chargcH which he did not think would have been brought against him on this occasion if he had not referred to them. He began his speech by say ing 'that amongst the numerous charges which had been preferred against the present Govern ment a strong one was that they had oecn always anxious to urge fresh taxation. He thought hon. members who bad studied the events of the last few yeais, as he was hure all of them had, would not charge the Government with anything of the kind.' The strength of the charge against the Chief Secretary and his colleagues was its truthfulness. Its strength was equal to its truthfulness. It was most true. During the last three years tbe O.ief Secretary had taken every opportunity in office or out of office to attempt to thrust taxa tion on the people. Three years ago. when he enjoyed the same position as now. he brought forward a Succession and Stamps Bill, which the Council rejected for the same reason, as he hoped they would reject the present Bill, namely, that taxation was not required. (Hear, hear.) A special session of Parliament took place and the Bill was passed again-again with the same result Then the Chief Secretary retired from tbe Government, but Mr. Boncaut continued in office, and in 1876 be propounded half a dozen different schemes of taxation. However he did not retain his position, and the Government that succeeded carried out the works which Air. Boucaut said he could not carry out without taxation. They carried these and other public works out without taxation. In February, 1877, the Chief Secretary addressed his constituents while the Government of which he (Sir H. Ayert) was a member were in office. The hon. member pointed out that it was impossible to go on without fresh taxation. But the Government did go on. They introduced their Estimates and had partly passed them when the present Chief Secretary again took office. He adopted their policy and went into recess without fresh taiation, thns admitting that it was not necessary. When Mr. Boncaut ad dressed the electors of Encounter Bay some new light appeared to be dawning on the (-overnment and he trimmed a little, saying that taxation was not necusary, but that if he found it necessary afterwards be would propose it That was only what any Government would do. Nothing was said about taxation when the Government met Parliament It was a misfortune for the Chief Secretary that certain sections of the Press adopted his previous views that taxation was necessary, and that they now kept urging it on the Govern ment so that he was now impel'ed by the Press rather than his own judgment This only showed the Chief Secretary what might be the result of his i lotting the support of journalists instead of being wined by his own sense of what was right [The Hon. J. Fisher— ' Hear, hear.') The hon. member had asked the Council to consider the Bill on its merits. Tne fact was it had no merits. (Laughter) The Chief Secretaiy said it was not a perfect measure. Why, it wbs not intelligible. The hon. member did not hirmelf attempt to explain it He read the three schedules, but never pointed out the effect of the Bill or that it would tax the right people. He found the same absence of information in the Treasurer's speech in another place. Lucid as the Treasurer could be, and generally was, there was no more light to be sot from his speech than from that of the Chief Secrcary, which was the worst lie bail beatd him make in that Council. The Chief Secretary gave two reasons for the Bill. The first was that he believed it could be shown that there was a deficiency, and secondly that the incidence of taxation was not as fair as it was pot Hide to make it Was the Council then on a mere belief that it was possible to show a deficiency to pass a Bill to tax the community! The Chief Secretary did not go into the question of the incidence of taxation, and he would not do so on that occasion. But did the Chief Secretary show any deficiency! He talked of a possible deficiency of .00.000 It had been spoken of in another place as a deficiency upon paper. He did not think we need alarm ourselves about deficiencies on paper. Until actual deficien cies arose we might laugh at those on paper. The Chief Secretary did not mention that tbe Assembly hail passed a resolution declaring that taxation for revenue purposes was unnecessary. No doubt the resolutions passed in another place were brought forward to enable certain hon. members to redeem their promises— inconsiderately made in many cases— to tbe electors that they wonld take steps to readjust the incider.ee of taxation. (Hear, hear.) And having squared their conscience)) with the elector* by passing the resolutions they looked upon the Taxation Bill as one of those measures tbat were sent to the Council for the purpose of being thrown out This Bill rested on whether any revision of the Customs tariff ever took place. It was putting the cart before the bone, (Hear, bear.) Suppose it should turn out that the incidence ol taxation was readjusted, it did not follow that any loss of revenue would Uke place. And supposing there should be any deficiency ! Was there no other way of making it up but by increased taxation! He could show at least five different ways of meeting aay such con tingency when it arose— for he did not amit there was any need at present The Chief Secretary rested a great deal npon that question that had been argued ad naiueam— namely, unexpended balances. Tbe hon. member had reserved himielf to show that the balances were actual liabilities. Tbe name 'unexpended balances' was a mis nomer. Tbe English interpretation of the words would lead one to suppose that 'unexpended balances' meant cash left in hand and not spent But that was not what was meant They w»r- sums authorised to be expended and not eip.'tded but which were iiicely to be required during the etinent year, and a memorandum to that edict vahmade. Strictly speaking they were not liauili tes at all. They were merely the ghost* or ehaduws of liabilities. They were not liabilities that the Government could be called no to pay. and some of which were brought for ward year after year and never incurred at all. Jioi.mes lor instance were offered, and not being claimed they were renewed from year to year ani then dropped. Sometimes the unexpended balances represented stores bought and not pud for and not coribumed. In many instances so far from swelling ibertquirementi of the foUowingyear they reduced them. The only object of bringing the unexpended tialauces forward wa» (hat the Treasurer might know what there was to provide for daring the next financial year. By division C of tbe paper which the Chief Secretary referred to it would be teen that at the dose of the last three financial vcars the Treasurer had on absolute cash balance. tie could therefore afford to leave these ghosts of liabilities On June 20, 1376, there was a credit balance of £lS9.X0; in June. 1877. £75.521; and in June, 1878. X44.9t.7- The value of knowing what the unexpended balancer were was to provide lor them in the Supply Bill of the following year. It was well known that in the Imperial Par liament not a sixpence was allowed to be brought forward from one year to the other. Whaterer was not spent at tuefeod of the financial year absolutely lapsed and required to be revoted again. That wm what ong!U to be done in this colony, (The Hon. J. Fishei — ' Hear, hear.') It would b: an economical process. (Hear, hear.) There wai a great inclination to Uriah expenditure on the pan of heads of d i Amenta if they could get the money (Hear, L.^r.) They liked to have the items brought forward. He believed that many times the Ministers could strike off these unex pended balances as not being, required; but an omcer did not like this, as it was in some measure a n nVctiqn on his previous estimate. It would be a pcod thing to have no unexpended balances at all. What had been spent we could account for. h wonld be well to look next year in the face and to have no arrears at all. (Hear, hear.) The Trcamrer the other day debited a cash account with i.76,047 when something like £150,000 was expanded in order to make the account appear btucr. Such a Treasurer need not be over seefcitive about a few aut homed votes not ex pei.ded. The Chief Secretary said he believed itnuid be shown there was a deficiency. If by that be meant that all tbe money voted by Parlia ment this session would not be expended on June 30 i:ext he believed him. If by tbat he also meant that the sums authorised to be spent and not spent would amount to more than the cash balance in the Treasurer's hands he btlieved that too. But wan that the cause for increased taxation! Was that a matter they should anticipate seven months beforehand by a Bill of that character! Surely not Tbe Chief Secretary either nroved too much or too little. If there was a deficiency he proved too much, because he onght not to go into recess. It was not constitutional for a Government to go inio recess with a deficiency. (Laughter.) He alio proved that if there was a deficiency this Bill would not make it good. He had closed the Com mitteeof Ways and Meansin another place and the Appropriation Bill had been passed. The sooner hon. members were sent away the better. H» did not know that tbe Chief Secretary had any right to be in his place in the Council after the Appropriation Bill had been passed. Directly twin Houses passed that Bill they accepted the position. The Government had accepted tlie position by accepting the present supplies, and there was nothing to prevent them asking His Excellency to come down at once and send hon. members about their business, and he would not blame them for doing so. This Bill would give tli. m nothing. The Treasurer said that as far as he »us able to judge the Bill would briog in ±75.000 or jESO.000. The Chief Secretary hinted at a i!tticiencv of £204.000. The Assembly on the otlur hand had affirmed tbat no fresh taxation for revenue purposes was necessary. Where weie we now on November 26 with five months of the financial year gone past! Would the Chief secretary say there was any deficiency of actual revenue to meet actual expenditure during tlit past five months? He knew the Treasurer acknowledged that on September 30 he had £43, 470 cash in hand. Then what right had we to exi ret that there would be any deficiency at the cml of the next seven months! These months were rn the average more productive of revenue than the other five months. He was much grieved to I ?artlie Chief Secretary make one statement which he hoped he would recant. It was as follows:— 'He did not say the colony wan bankrupt; but if we were to pay oil our linWIities and carry on government upon sound prirc p'es the time had come for tbe imposition of fresh taxation.' (The Chief Secretary— ' Hear, hear.') That was a most unfair and damaging statement to go forth to the world. It was a libel on tlie colony to use the word ' bankrupt' in con nection with our liabilities. The only liabilities we poss-'Fsed were the bonded debt, which could not he claimed till it was due. Would the Chief Secretary say there was a single liability' that We could not meet at present ? He challenged him to do fo. Then what liad we to pay off! The Chitf Secretary was carrying on the government at t he present time without taxation— whether on sound principles or not he would not Bay. (Lighter.) He hoped the hon. member wouIJ either recant or rnedify his statement, which was not likely to improve our drooping credit— which hart drooped not because of anything we had done but because the other colonies were going in for heavy loans and because of the disturbed state of the money market What too did the Chief Sccrr'ary mean by the following statement :-'It was not proposed that all this accumulation of arrears should be met in one year, but that a certain proportion of this increased income Bbould be devoted to the extinguishing of this deficiency and that a portion should be devoted to the re arrargement and simplification of the tariff and to the equalisation of the burdens of taxation.' \Vbat be would like to know were the accumula ti- n of arrears? There were none. He challenged the Chief Secretary to prove that there were. TIip Hon. the Chief Secretary bad said that their tsr (1 was not one to be proud of and had ioti ma' ed that it would be desirable to assimilate it to that of New South Wales. It must not be thought however that if that were done our Customs revei ue would greatly fall off. On the contrary we sh-.uld be great gainen. Take sugar for instance. Although New South Wales was called a free-trade colony it did not object to protect its home-grown sugar with a duty of £5 per ton— (Hear, hear)— wheresB we were content with £3 per ton. By assimilation therefore the revenue of South Aus tral a would gain to the extent of £2 on every ton of sugar imported. In the same way with regard to k-rreine. We charged 3d. and New South Wnlts ed. per gallon. In tbat respect also we should be gainers. Bags and cornsacks were also charges, the former at 3d. and the latter at fid. per dozen in South Australia and Is. a dejt-u all round in New South Wales. He believed however it would be a very long time before the tariffs nf the two colonies would bo assimilated. It would Icifry difficult as he knew from personal expe rience to induce the New South Wales people to reduce their duties from £5 to £3 per ton on sugar, and he was sure that on the other hand the work ing men of South Australia would cot vie«- Tith favour the raising of our duties on m-- o the amrunt set down in the New Soutl ' . , tariff. (Hear, hear.) The Chief Secretary I. ut said that the expenditure proposed was not all for expensive establishments. If it was not for that punrase what was it fort Our expenditure on establish men's had increased from £657,000 odd in 1874-5 to £1.0SO,-00 odd in 1S78P. or an increase of £400,000 in four years. (Hon. R. C. Baker—' Including the interest on bonds t') The interest on bonds was not included in that amount If the comparison were carried two years farther back it would be seen that the Increase in the cost of establishments had amounted in six andahalf years to £693, 724 12s. 31 In 1S72 the expenditure amounted to about £1,000 a day in round figures, and the estimate for 1S7S 9 came to nearly three times that or £3,000 a day. (Hear, bear.) The Hon. tbe Chief Secretary had said that the Bill was drawn with the greatest care by a very experienced draftsman, Mr. Bakewell. and be could himself confirm tbe Chief Secretary's testimony as to Mr. Bikewell's ability, but be had yet to learn that the clever drafts manship of * Bill was % reason why it should be pasted, although the Chief Secretary seemed scarcely to have advanced any better one. Tbe hon. gentleman had particularly contented himself on, the introduction of the Bill with reading the schedules in the Bill, from the third of which by the way it would be seen that a merchant would be mulcted in li per cent on all tbe unsaleable goods he might have in his possession. He hoped that writers in tbe public Press would point out to the farmers that every reaping machine and all implements of industry would be liable to taxa tion, and that they would tell the other people who would have to pay taxes how they would be affected. (Hear, hear) His own imprf'sion, gathered from representations made to 1 im personally by people anxious to secure information about the proposed Bill, was that tbe general public had not the slightest idea of what the practical effect of the pro visions of the Bill would be. (Hear, hear.) The Chief Secretary had made allusion to tbe practice known as 'killing a squatter,' and that expression when made u»e of was generally received with laughter: but tbe fact was that whenever the Government was short of money the squatters were short of money too, and whenever the squatters bad most generally exercised their dis position to purchase property it had been when the Government had been pretty full of money. In IK'-f. 1K3, and 1S66 there wasa cry of 'Unlsck the lands,' and the Government tried to do so by n forcing it from the pastoral lessees; but tbe pastotal lessees and the land jobbers were too much for the farmer, and aa much aa £8 per acre was paid rather than that the properties should be interfered with. The result was Stnngways Bill and the beginning of selection and settlement During those years when the largest amount ef property was sold the balance in the hands of the Government varied from £350,000 to £450.000. That money was lent by the Government to the Banks, who re-lent it to the squatter, and thus the same thing went on here as operated in New Socth Wales on a larger scale. That wat the real liirtory of the process known as 'tiling a *ov itter.' The Chief Secretary had shown no necc. ity for the &D;, Ui: if any deficiency siould arise there were rive wayi in which it m'ght b; met. First there were the it^eipis from the credit selections, which were increating enormously, as was shown by the statistical paper marked D. from winch it appeared the receipts under this heal (or 1S7S-SH would exceed those of 1878-9 by £155.6)'; 15s.; that the excess in 18801 would be £112 2,8 6s. 3d , and in the year 1881-2 £539.204 12i 6M. otrer IHtt (Hear, hear.) Secondly, there was the Linds Uepattment, and in referenca to that point he would atate that two department!, the Forest Board and the Council of Education, had had about a quarter of a million of seres of land given to them, which produced a revenue to those two departments of £19.350 as against £12,000 which tbe Government received for the many millions of acres of land unsold within hundreds. The third safeguard against a probable deficiency was tbe elasticity of the revenue. In 1872 it was £G97.442; in 1S7S-9 it was estimated at £1.672 841. That was a leap and a bound with a vengeance. Fourthly, a great deal might be done by judicious retrenchment. (Hair, beer.) Fifthly and lastly, tbe railways could be made to contribute a fair share towards the cost of their construction. It appeared that a revenue of £300,000 was expected as against an expenditure of £273.851 so that there was thus an apparent profit of £27.0 j0; bat he would repeat that that profit was only apparent because there was a provision in the Loan Bill for £273,000 required to be borrowed for patching tbe railway! up. No (trqngerobjection could be raised to the Bill thin that it waa altoKetner unnecessary. To pas* it would simply be to place! in the band* of the Government .a great power for extravagant expenditure, and he would therefore move that the Bill be read a second time that day six moutnF. (Hear, heat) Tne lion. H. SCOTT said with regard to the point raised by Sir H. Ayers relative to the com paratively large revenue realised by land when it pasted out of the hands of tbe Government that that arose from the fact that the Government lands were liable to resumption at short notice as regards a great portion ot it and as regards the rest that it was simply held under commonage righU. That was an argument for giving longer tenure. The main objection he himself felt to the bill was its partiality, Ii tbe Chief Secretary had introduced a Bill which would have taxed all kinds of income be would have supported jt. tie did not rfe«re to avoid a tax on property, but he thought it was unfair that the straggling trades man compelled to borrow a large amount of capital to carry on bis business should be taxed while brokers or members of the medical profes sion who might have much larger incomes would escape altogether. If the Government next session introduced a Bill for tbe taxation of all real property either alone or accompanied by ptorision for ihe taxation of all incomes be would vote for It The Hon. J. FISHEIt would not occupy much of the time of the Council because so many |of the arguments be bad intended to advance against the Bill had been anticipated by Sir Henry Ayers, who had brought forward a great deal of most valuable statistical information iu support of the views he had advanced. He wai more tbao ever convinced that the hon. gentleman was much more useful to tbe country out of office than in office-(Hear, hear) -and he wai thoroughly prepared to follow his lend in the present matter. TI.e Chief Secretary had made the veiy weakest speech he had ever heard from a Minister introducing a Bill of this nature. Possibly the Chief Secretary intended to reserve the bulk of his arguments nntil he had heard what his oppo nents bad got to say against the Bill, as he had done recently in the case of another measure. That was what had been done on the previous occasion and what wonld very likely be done oh this occasion. If not there were very scant argu ments before them on which the Council were to arrive at a decision on such an important measure. He had to say that he rose for the purpose of seconding the amendment of Sir H. Ayers that the Bill he read a second time tbat day six months. The Chief Secretary had divided his subject into two heads first a defi iency in the revenue, and secondly the necessity of altering the incidence of taxation. In his opinion the hon. member had made out no fair case of a deficiency in the revenue, and as to the incidence of taxation, when he came to tbat he was like the Scotch minister who when he came to the thirdly found that it had ;one out of the west window and that he had nothing to say about it He had not proved that the incidence of taxation sat unfairly on the people )f the province. He of course had said that he did not hope to convince the Hon. Mr. Fisher, hut he ought not to have been deterred from :hat coune from proving the logicalnets of his position. Not one word bad been said to prove ihe uniformneas of the incidence of taxation on he working classes of tbe province. With regird o the deficiency in the revenue. Sir Henry Ayers had clearly shown that it did not exist— (Hear, hear)— and when they saw how elastic the revenue if the colony had been during the last few years ie would not be one to vote for fresh taxation, rhev found that in the year IS72 the revenue was £t!»7.442. while in fcii years afterward! it had ncrrased to nearly £1,6 0.000. Seeing such an ncrease in the revenue of the colony in six years .he House should hesitate before it authorised ncrased taxation. If an increase of fully a nillion in six years in the revenue was not 'nouah for all our purposes he would be no party :o rsiBing more revenue ; and when'they considered ;hat in regard to borrowing money for public works paltry little sums of a thousand or two thousand pounds were put into the Loan Bill he did not hink it at all creditable to the colony. The [3iicf Secretary had made a great mistake he iras fiire in saying that £26.000 represented the :oM of increasing the Civil Se'vice. (Sir H. Ayers —'Not of one department') He either knew :hat that did not include the salaries paid out of oans or he ought to have known it The Chief Secretary said if hon. members did not wish uorey spent on railways and other public works ;hey would vote against the Bill; but that was all nonsense. Considering that in the last six years he revenue had increased by a million, and that £2B-.0O0 would be enough to pay the difference in nterost upon loans, what became of the other ;hrte-quarters of a million! It must be wasted ind thrown away somewhere, and tbat was the -nlv conclusion to be arrived at wben they found .hat small unimportant matters which should be iai-l for Out of the ordinary revenue were put down n the Loan Bill. With regard to the incidence if taxation, he had read it in tbe Press for years md heard it stated by leading members of Parlia ment for yean that the incidence of taxation sat infairly upon the working classes of the colony ; iut he did not believe a word of it. They never nea'd such a statement from the working man themselves; they never had a petition presented to them on the snbject; and so long as the working :!aFFe* had full employment and the wages they received were such as they were getting at the present time they never would hear from them such a fancy grievance. He did not believe tbat my man in that Council or anywhere else could -how tbat the incidence of taxation sat unfairly on the working classes, and on the contrary he thought the very opposite wss the fact. How ?rere thry unfairly placed or how did they nnfair'y pai I No one had attempted to show that, not pven the Chief Secretary or the Press that backed him up. The only things upon which the workii-g nan paid thus were his spirits and tobacco, sr.d no member of the Council would think that it would be to the interest of the working man to take these duties off. The same amount of money prould be spent by him on these commodities if Ihey were rendered cheaper and more injury would )-f done him. These were the only things in which the working classes paid more than their fair share, but people of means who went in proportion to their income paid »t every tum. If people of means got a piano, Dr a set of bowls, or a carriage, or any article of f urnilnre or of clothing introduced frosn Europe nr dsewhere they had to pay on all through the Customs. He considered that be paid more than his fair proportion of the revenue of the country, and it was impossible to thow that the same was the cise with the working man. And he did not pay that that should not be so. But let them Uke every cise of a man of mean*. Every party he gave represented a large part of the taxation of the country on hia wine* and on the dress and other thirgB there. But of this the working classes knew nothing'. No one made an assertion of this itate of things but politicians who. dangled: the idea before their eyes for their own purposes, and thry had failed to show that there was a bit of truth in the statements they made. He was pre pared to assist tbe Chief Secretary to assimilate our tariff to the free-trade tariff cf New South Wales; but first he wished to see what we were to get by it and what wonld be effected by making the change. Tbe rugar dntirs were higher in New South Wales than here, and he did not think that it would suit the wot king men to raise the duty on ingar double. The same was the case in rezsrd to kerosine. Then if t them take the case of the farmers. The Chief Secretary had pointed nut that hags were taxed rrurh more largely in New South Wales than here. Would farmers in this country he cort'^t for 'he sake of assimilating our tariff to that of New South Wales tbat they shonli hsve to pay a largely ircre»«ed tax to the revnue of Ihe country ? They were therefore justified in asking the Chief Secre tary not to ask them to a'rer the incidence of taxation till he could show them what the change woul.1 be. He did not thick that hon. members in the Council would agree to give him a certain amount of money in tbe first place and let him do what he liked at some tutor* time to a^er the incidence of taxation. The bon. member bad expressly agreed to a resolution that taxation w*s not required for progressive revenue, and that cut down the argument of the hon. member that it was wanted to make up a deficiency. In putting that before them they had ontv the Ffcond point to consider, namely.that the incidence of taxation should be altered. As regards the incidence of taxation be was opposed to the Chief Secretary as to the passing of the BiU. With regard to the Question of unexpended balance* he quite agreed with Sir BL Ayers that it would he much better for the country if the unexpended balances were not brought forward— if special votes of money not spent in one session were not brought over to the next but had to be re passed— as he thought that would be the means of saving the country a great deal of money. The tendency of various Governments In this country had been to drop into useless expenditure. That was a tendency that hr did not hlame the present Government for more than other Governments, but nobodv rould look through the Ertimttn year by year without seeing how enonnouly (her wen increasing. There were various ways in whijh the Government if they chose could cut their coat according to their cloth and bring their expendi ture down to suit their income. There were grants-in-aid that night be struck off which were absurd and would never be heard of in thit British Parliament as for instance the grant to tbe Buth men's Club. It was quite right of philanthropic people to step forward and establish a place where bushmen might be well lodged at a cheap rate, but what rigbt bad the Government to subsidise such a dub as that any more than the club on North terrace J Then there was the £50,000 to Corpora tions and District Councils. He was sure rather than be taxed in the way proposed here and have to pay one shilling in the pound as rates directly to the Corporations the people would much rather pay two shillings in tbe pound at once and save the outlay for collection of the amount that was paid over by tbe Government (Hear, hew.) If the Government for a time dropped the practice of miking things pleasant and took prompt action the expenditure might be very considerably re duccd in this way. The grants to Corporations could be used and were used to get many works carried out tbat only benefited certain individuals. He waa sure that this extra taxation wai not re quired at all, and he hoped that the majority of the Council would say bo too. What was to become of the £3,000,000 or £4.009,001 of noncy coming to the Government during the next three ot four yean from the Crown Linda T If i portion of it m cot to be devoted to this purpose what was to be done with itl When all our lands witbin a moderate distance of tbe sea board were disposed of what were we to do if we could not get on with our present revtnutt We would then be more highly taxed than any other country that he knew of. He hoped that the Council would say that they would not have fresh taxation, as he was sure that the Government would manage very well without it. If on the other hand they largely increased tbe revenue now, by the next three years the ideas of the Government would be enlarged and they would be demanding more taxation, and they would then have stamp taxes, income taxes, and all sorts of objectionable taxes proposed. Ue trusted that the majority of the Council would refiike to pass the Bill. The Hon. J. PEAKCE said the Chief Secretary had announced additional taxation as the keynote of his policy wben be was before tbe country, and following him at of course a coos'derabfe dis tance he (the Hon. J. Pearce) had announced tbat be was opposed to additional taxation for pur poses of revenue, and on that he considered he had won his election. However the public Press of tbe colony and some clever men who gave themselves credit for a style of financing that he fairly admitted was too deep for him to under stand—and he believed led them out of their own depth— had led him to lo k carefully at the statistics of tbe colony. And the more he studied them the more he became convinced that there never was a period in tbe history of South Aus tralia when fresh taxation was more uncalled for. lie held tbat the only proper time to call for fresh taxation was when the country was prostrate and when it could not be advanced without increased taxation. And who could come to any other con clusion at the present time than that South Ausii alia was a» prosperous as any country upon God's earth t He found that in all departments of the State there was a rapid improvement and that for rt venue, purposes proper we were in a much better position than we had ever been in befote. In looking into this matter his thought* had led him in precisely the same direction that Sir H. Ayers had been led, and the exhaustive speech of that hon. member had left nothing to be said against the Bill, while he did not think there was much to be said on the other side. He had intended to confine himself to one sutj-ct, that of railways. On that Sir H. Ayers Beit! that his Government bad been turned out of office because they bad endeavoured to make the railways pay a fair income. He thought that the income that the railways paid was a very good one and that it was in the expenditure that the saving might have been effected. Bon. members who had qnoted the figures with regard to the railways had begun with IStiS and included 1S7S and 1S79. He thought that hardly fair, as the years previous to 1870 were poor years and tbe last was a very flourishing one.' Therefore he had taken the years 1870 and 1S77. He found that in the former year tbe number of passengers carried by the Port line were 263,651 and in 1877 1,341,693. while in the former year the goods carried were 49,293 tons and in the latter 109,211 tons. Tbe receipts in 1870 were £15,247 8s. 31. and in IS77 £37.756 8). 3d. On the Adelaide. Kapunda, and Bum line in 1870 the number of passeugers carried was 89,772 and 100,619 tons of goods, the total receipts being £50.925 15s. 5J. In 1877 185,742 passengers were carried, 183,476 tons of goo 8, and the total receipts amounted to £123 916. Kven on the Strathalbyn, Goolwa, and Victor Harbour Tramway, which had been looked upon as a miserable line, there had been he was glad to see a great improve ment in revenue and business. In IS71. the first yr ar after it came again into the hands of the Government there were S.OCS passengers carried, while in IS77 that number hid in cretsed to 31,136, and tbe total receipts had increased from £3,930 6s. to £5,253 6s. M. Aa a proof that he did not unfairly quote those figures he might say that the year previous to that to which he had referred the receipts were only £1,800 odd, whereas in 1677 they came to £5.238. On the l'ort Wakefield and Hoyleton line there had been an increase in the same satisfactory way. In 1871 (he number of passengers carried was 1.310. In 1877 it was 4,236, and tre receipts were £5,0'-5 10s. lOd in 1877 as against £4,291 8-. SM. in 1871, not withstanding the failure in the harvest. (Hear, hear.) He considered that tbe receipts were aa good as could be expected : but the lines could only pay under a more economical management than at presort existed. (Hear, bear.) Our sources Of income in other directions were also very satisfac tory:- Customs in 1870, £185.000; 1S77, £491,000, Licences, 1W0, £13.000; 1877, £15 000. Postagem 1S70. £30,000; 1S77, £62.009. Bales of Government prope.ty, 1870, £17,000; 1877. £40.000. He had made -o attempt to pick out years specially favourable to fats argument, and it was there fore very satisfactory to observe the pro gress tnsde from year to year in every branch of the revenue. Tbe increase in our expenditure had however been enormous and as it hud Iteen pointed out by Sir Henry Ayers had treblfd itself between the years 1872 3 and 1878-9. He intended to vote againit tbe Bill, believing that the bulk of the community and particularly the farming portion of it wan strongly opposed to further taxation for revenue purposes. The Hon. C. B. YOVNQ said the Chief Secretary had rather claimed their sympathies in having to biing forward an unpopular Taxation Bill. He him self thought that every credit was due to a Go vernment which bad tbe courage to brinn forward an unpopular measure when they sincerely believed it to be for the good ot the country, and he hoped the day was far distant when any Govern ment would be in office that would hesitate to bring forward any Bill which they believed to be necessary for the general welfare. At the same time he did not support the Bill row before the Council. He would freely sdmit that property was greatly benefited by the large expenditure on public works, and there fore if taxation were necessary for such works it might fairly fall on property. But his view of the position was this. If a man cameto him and claimed to) be recouped for a large amount expended for his benefit there would be good ground for the claim ; but if the man said that he proposed to spend a large sum, part of which would be spent in bent fiting the person from whom he claimed to be recouped and part for other put poses, some further and detailed information would have to be furnished. Such was the case here: they were told fint Ihst there was (deficiency caused to a great extent by the expenditure on public works, and second that the incidence of taxation was to be readjusted ; but they had no information as to what the nature of the readjustment would be. He quits agreed with Sir H, Ayers saying that this BiU should come into operation after the alteration of theincidenceof taxation was putting the cat t before the bone. With regard to the incidence of taxation, it had not been shown that the poor man paid more than the rich man. fie quite agreed in tbe view taken by the Hon. J. Ft»her tbat the propertied classes paid as much as tl.e working classes. If it ould be shown that it were nn to be wss quite sure no one would nb] xt to thn rean'jus'ment of taiation. The Chief Secre tary ha-t taiii that the taxation was not immediately r.ece saiy. If so that would be a very good reason for putting it off-(Hear, heart— but if the Govern ment rould bring down a Bill next session and show that there was any necessity for increased IsxxtUr, or tbat taxation could be in any way readjusted in as to relieve the working man or to brine our Customs tariff into better accord with tnat cf 'he other colonie*, he thought it would be favoursbly received by hon. members. No neces sity had however bren shown for the Bill now before the Council. He supposed it would be said if tbe Bill were rejected that it was because hon. members represented the propertied clashes, whose pocV'ts would re affKted by it-(Hon. W. Morgan — ' B ear, bear')- but notwithstanding that ironies! cheer be would repeat that the propertied classes would not object to pay what w» fair, ;att and honourable. (Hear, hear.) In the absence of any further information to show that the Bill was rtqurred it would meet with his opposition. Ihe Hon. A. HAY said he thought the Bill wai a mistake. The present Ministry were a good hard-working set: but hewa* quite sure they would not rrmain long in office if the Bill passed. (Bear, bear.) He was always opposed to unnecessary changes in the Government and his friendly feelings to the Ministry would induce him to oppese tbe parsing of the measure now before the Council (laughter.) Tfcere would be a great public outcry if tbe Bill passed as soon as it became generally known what an expensive machinery would be necessary to collect the taxes proposed. (Bear, bear.) Out nf the £70.000 proposed tofbe raised at le»'t £10,0ft) would go in the cost of collection. (Hear, bear.) Now one of the first principles ol English legislators, including Mr. Gladstone, who had been quoted in con nection with this matter, was that the revenue should be obtained in such a way as to yield the largest powible net gain to the Government - (Hear, hear)— and for that reason tnere wai tbe greatest oliection to the introduction of new machinery .(or taxation purpojes. He had read certain words that had been apokea by tbe Hoc ihe Treasurer relative to the t-*d legitlatiDu ui cnotlier colony; but 'could we tee ourselves at others see iut He believed the taxation now pro posed would place the colony in even a more objectionable position than the Victorians were said to be in in consequence of the action of their legislators. People coming to thiscolooy would tee that they would have to state the amount of capital in their business and have it taxed, which would have a bad effect upon those intending to settle aujongst us. it was said that it wai pro posed to initiate an era of free trade; but as had been pointed out by Sir U. Ayers if the Customs tariff of this ? colony were assimilated to that of New South Wales the working men of this colony would be very great losers. He himself liked free trade both in goods and in money, but if the Bill passed a tax would be put on all money sent out from Europe to be lent here. (Hear, hear.) . The rate of interest in America was generally 12 to 15 per cent as compared with 8 per cent here, and the effect ot tbe BiU if passed would be to considerably raise tbe rate of interest in this colony. It appeared by the schedule to the Bill that the expenditure on the Murray Customs Con vention was to be raised to £70,000. In his opinion it would do no barm if it were raised to £101,090. (Hear, hear.) The expenditure was one out of which this colony derived very large benefit In regard to immigration, he believed that wu a very desirable item of expenditure, as tbe immigrant! soon paid for themselves in tne amount of duty piyiDK goods which they consumed. (Hear, hear.) Therefore if we were going to expend £30.000 it was to be supposed we should get £80,000 back again. The labour of these immigrants would increase our wealth and they would produce more revenue from Customs duties. He could go through other iums and prove the same— the cost of sur veying for instance. If tbe land was to cost so much to survey it was expected to be sold, and this would increase tbe revenue-tbe items mentioned in the schedule thoroughly disproved the necessity of this Bill. A very useful paper had been printed by order of the House of Assembly on the motion of Mr. Cofcke. The House number of it was 165. It sbowed tbe returos of Customs duties on various articles. By this paper hon. members would see that the woiking men were not oppressed by the Customs duties, Tbe better clan of (foods brought in the largest part of tbe revenue. Apparel ami slops brought in £21,000. Ihey might be assumed to be used oy all classes. Beer in bottles, £10,1X10; and in bulk, £3.000. This was not supposed to be used by Ihe working classes, though he did not say it was not (Laughter.) Boots and shoes, £9/j00. This was principally for ladies' and fancy boots. Drapery paid about £30,000. It waa charged 10 per cent ad valorem, which waa the fairest way, as tbe higher -class goods then had to pay more than the cheaper articles. Drien fruits paid £18,000: furniture, £5,000. It waa to be assumed that the working classes generally were satisfied with with the furniture produced in the colony. Spirits of various kinds brought in about £100,000. Tbat was a fair article to tax whether consumed by the working Classen or the wealthy. (Hear, hear.) The same might be said in rrgard to ordinary wine at 4s. a gallon and spaikling wine at 6s. a gallon. He believed that with the tariff we had and with something done to lessen our expenditure we might get on very well without additional taxation. If necessary to incnase the revenue one or two articles might be more heavily taxed. This would be far better than introducing a new system which would entail an extra staff, and we should continue our reputation of not being, heavily taxed. Ii taxation could ue shown to be necessary he would put it on property and on profits but not on the amount of capital men might employ in business. It was well known that some young men began business with a few hundreds of pounds, and that being honest energetic men they were enabled to get on. And lie would rather trust such men than those who had £5,000 capital and were reckless. But these men should not be compelled to disclose the amount of capital they had. lie was opposed to the Bill first because taxation waa not wanted, aiid secondly because of the inquisitorial nature of the provisions of the Bill. He wanted to see the free trade in money which ought to exist in eiery country so long as it was not invested in property. When it was f o invested then let it lie directly taxed. He would vote against the Bill, and iu doing so he believed he was doing the Government and the country a great service. The Hon. W. SAS DOVER said there was a great deal of what was good in some of the argu ments uted'lmt there were many fallacies also. The Hon. A. Hay said he would have money free but would tax property. He felt that of all combi nations that this colony suffered from the banking monopoly was one of the worst. (Cries of 'No.') For a long time past it had been generally admitted that the incidence of taxation was unfair. Under the present system a man might be a millionaire and a miser and he would pay no more to the government of the State than a poor man. though his property was constantly being impioved by the public works carried on. That was not fair. There was often glaring inconsistency in tbe conduct of Sir H. Ayeis according to the aide of the House on which he sat at the time. Unly three yea's ago Sir H. Ayers said, 'Increased taxation was in evitable; no saving in expenditure could be made to meet the case.' Now the hon. member spoke on the other Bide. Three years ago he spoke of the incidence ot taxation and of the pleasure it would give him to readjust the incidence of taxation. (Sir H. Ayers— 'If it were shown to bt necesiary.') The scheme which Sir Henry Ayers and his colleagues proposed had only added about £8,000 to the revenue. He assisted to tax the dead roan's property but bad not the courage to tax the property of tbe living man. The present Government dewrved credit for daring to do that. The present Bill was not altogether that of the Government as it had to a great extent been modified in the House of Assembly. He would give it bis support though it was crude in seme points. Be firmly believed in tiling property, and bis impression was tbat the revenue derived under the Bill would not do more than meet the deficiency; but it would be the thin end ol the wedge and a step in the right direc tion. Be thought tbat the influence of the propertied classes had had a good deal to do with unsettling the state of affiirs in Victoria, and he felt that if the Council rejected Bills of this kind it would involve serious consequences. He did not say this to coerce hon. members, but because it was h-s deep conviction. The Hon. J. CROZIER would oppose the Bill, as it would be most injurious to the interests of the colony. A great deal of capital would be withdrawn if the Bill passed and an attempt was made to tax it as proposed. He had yet to learn that the working men objected to the incidence of taxation. So far as he had talked with them they were perfectly satisfied with the present tariff so long as they could get good employment But even if taxation were necessary the scheme pro posed in the Bill was objectionable. We h»d to have a Commissioner of taxation to examine our books and to enquire into our business effairs. That was most objectionable. No one denied that property would have to pay whenever it was required, and the property-holders would then be ready to do so-(Hear, hear)— but if this Bill were passed he thought men ot property woild seek to lest e tbe country and take their property with them. The Hon. W. Sandover had said that the neighbouring colony had got into a state of confusion through the action of the propertied classes ; but that was not the case. It was through having a weak Governor and a designing Govern ment. He would have much pleasure in assisting to throw out the Bill, and in doing so he thought tbat he would be serving the Government. The Hon. K. C. BAKEK would not detain the Council long, as tbe question had been argued at great length. He constantly found himielf in the position that while he baa an earnest desire to support the Government measures he was obliged tor vote against their Bills. (Hear, hear.) That was because the Bills were not the measures of the Government and did not represent the Government policy at all. This was part of the policy of the Opposition. It was tbe Govern ment measure mutilated he would admit; but the scheme of taxation that they Introduced was not the scheme that was embodied in that BilL That scheme was a far better scheme than they now asked the Council to adopt, and he thought no one would be better pleased than tbe Chief Secretary if they rejected the BilL (The Chief Secretary— ' No. ) At any rate if he were not thankful for its re tection he ought to be, for he wu sure it it passed iy the time the people of the colony had a taste of it for six months there would net be a bstter cursed body of men in the colony than the pressnt M inistry. There was a good deal iu the arguments hrought fotward which savoured of the ttiiy of flogging biih and flogging low, but wbat be said was that flagging was not required at all— either high or low. At that late period of the session, when they were within seven months of another session, the Chief Secretary ought to admit that no great harm could be dose by tbe rejection of the BilL even if It cunUiu^i a perfect ccheme. He admitted that property did rot pay a fair share of taxation, anl had th!- Bill em bodied the old scheme for taxing al! property holders he thought he would have b^en obliged to vote for it but tbe Bill did not rut taxation upon all sorts of property. lie coulJ not agree with tbe argument of tbe Hon. A. I' ay about exempting money, as be thought that as well as othrr kinds of property should pay. He thought by throwing out this BuT the Council would be benefiting tbe colony by putting a check upon the reckless expenditure that hed been going on. He bad been accused of being one who would cut down and thin the service, but be would point out to them that tbe expense of each new officer was not his salary alone added to the cost of the ser vice, hut the carrying out of the works that he considered it necessary to recommend. He agreed »itb Sir H. Ayers tbat this country was far too rxpenrirely governed, and thought It absurd that a country like this, with a paltry 250.000 inhabitants, should have such enormous establishments. He might be told that the rejection of that Bill would lead to the rejection in another place of another Bill- the Loan Bill -as the Bouse would not authorise more loans without the interest being provided for; but be would point out that we had already two and a half millions borrowed, and that Bill would authorise the borrowing of another two and a half millions, and if tbat money were borrowed it was impossible that it could be profitably (pent in the present state of the colony in regard to lahour. He did not see how tbe pMing of the Bill wm to alter the incidence ol uxation. as they bad been told only that if tber pasted it and ceiUin other contingences aroie a i att-mpt would be made next sesdou to relieve th; Customs to some extent but then they had no guarantee Ibst tbe Utter would be done, and be thought thty sbeuld lave some guaraatee ol the kind before the Bill was passed. We bad bad » good example of a Bill not intended to be permanent remaining a leng time on the Statute-Book in the caw of the Insolvency Act that his Government had brought in in 1S70. intendiag to repeal it the same sessioo. It bad beec hastily drawn and badly drawn (laught«r-— bat it bad remained onrepealed to the present day. Be had sot had anything lo do with drawing the BiU. It was only to operate for a short time, as a Consolidated Bill was to be intioduced, but that bid not been done, tad wben they passed thU BUI it might be that they would wait a Ions time for the remission of the Customs ouiits. That was one ot tbe reasons be hid for voting against the Bill. They were informed by the financial authorities and by a resolution of tbe Lower House tbat no fresh taxation was required for levenue purposes, and that it was solely to alter the incidence of Uxation this Bill wu required. That would not be done by merely pauiuj the BilL The CHIEF 8ECKETAHY (Hon. W. Morgan) said when he stated the different forms of objec tion to the Bill he thought it would be admitted that he had a difficult task in answering hon. members. He bad introduced fresh Uiition, and he believed it would be bit duty to introduce a BiU to thit effect to the House in the future. He believed be had done his duty that day, and be would be ready to do it again. Could any one say that it was a pleasant task for one Minister to come down and listen to such speeches as be had heard that day. The Hon. Mr. Young and the Hon. Mr. Sandover were tbe only mem^en who had given him credit for sincentv. Tbe objection* of hon. members were very different in kind. Oae said there wai do deficiency, another tbat the incidence of taxation was not unfair, and another that the Bill would not alter the incidence of taxation. One hon. member argued that they should reduce expenditure, another that the Chief Secretary's speech wu weak, and another tbat his arguments were not fair. But the most extraordinary objection of all had been made by the Hon. Mr. Fisher, who complained that he had not answered the atgument* that hon. gentleman was going to use. II be bad told him what bis line of argument wu going to be he might have done this. The Hon. J. FISHER had not said that, but that the bon. member had failed to use argument* on the introduction of the Bill, but possibly he intended to do wbat he had done on another occa sion and bring forward arguments at a subsequent stage of the proceedings The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) said another argument against the BiU was that hon. members were very much afraid of hurting the working man. He quite saw that argument; tbat was a disinterested motive of hon. members that he was sure the poor man would orop^rly appreciate. Other members approved of the prin ciple but objected to the details. One thought money should not be taxed and another tbat both money and property should be taxed. All this went to show that with all their protestations tbe Council represented the property of the colony. If it was never true before that was true now, and no Bill that sought to tax property would pass that House. (An hon. mem ber— 'No.') That was his private opinion. The argument used by Sir Henry Ayers was that taxation wu not required because there wu no dificiency. There wu this great difference between Sir Henry Ayers and the Hon. J. Fisher : that the latter was speaking on a subject which be did not .'Understand— (laughter)— and tbe former spoke after long ministerial experience; and there fore a good deal that would bs perfectly sincere and fair as coming from the Hon. Mr. Fisher would bear a different aspect when uttered by Sir Henry Ajeis. He would read from a speecb of the later gentleman on May 12, 1S75:— 'Any one wa« free to check him in his figures and he should reinice to fee that he had been found to make a nvttike, but he wu sure it could not be done. Not only was his statement not a fincy picture, but he lielieved ruatten- would be Bhown to be worse when the Treasurer made bis Budget speech. They muit bear in mind that a llar.-re nunioer of work* authorised last session had not been execute!, and thcee would have to Igo against tbe r ?? - ie next year. Thwe works included a p-bi - for His Excellency at Mount L fty, fo » - £5,000 was voted. He believed the lowe i ten . - teiit in for the work wu £-,000, therefore it was n t proceeded with. Then there were the road works and other contracts not completed far want of labour, besides which there were the subsidies voted for country institutes conditional upon similar amounts being contributed privately. These items would all have to be brought forward m so many liabilities to be added next year.' (Sir Henry Ayers— 'Biought forward.') ThU was exactly what bad been done in this case. He was sorry that the hon. gentleman should have held that the urexpended balances were liabilities in 1S75 when it suiied hia impose and that they were not liabilities in 187S wheu it did not suit his purpose. He would defy the hon. gentle man to explain that circumstance. (Sir H. Ajers — 'Give roe an opportunity.') He would lie glad to give the hon. gentleman an opportunity of affording some explanation on the point, as ii wu quite essential to the hon. member's political character that some should be forth coming. (Laughter). He would not go further into tbe question of unexpended balances than to say that many of the w- rks authorised were of urgent necessity and were under construction. With regard to what had been Raid about the Appropriation Bill he would say that the expendi ture on public works frequently did not begin for some months after tbe passing of the Appropriation Act. His Bpecch had been characterised by the Hon. J. Fisher s* weak, but it wu impossible for him to anticipate all the arguments that would be used against tbe Bill ; and it wu far easier to raise objections to a scheme of taxation than to bring in and pass a Bill that would suit everybody. Sir Henry Ayers had said that a deficiency on paper rould be laughed at but be did not say so in 1875. If it had not been for the unexpended balances in that year there would bave been no deficiency at nil. The only tangible argument raised against the Bill was that brought forward by the Hon. A. Hay, who had said that a taxation scheme would be obnoxious to the people. Of course it would. Any scbrme of taxation would be objected to; but he would warn hon. members thit if some such scheme as the present were not carried out they might tome day find that, as bad been the case in Victoria, a scheme of taxation that wu neither fair nor honest might be forced on the colony. He had never for a moment said that the colony could not meet its liabilities, all his arguments having been rather the other way; but he bad said that further taxation was necessary to enable tbe liabilities to be met. He had said tlat tbe taxation] scheme proposed would bring iu £75.000 or £-30.000 a year. Remarks had been made about the alteration of our tariff in the direction of that of New South Walit. If hoo. members knew how much the trade wai increasing between this colony and New South Wales they would see tbat a Customs union wu most desirable. Is such a union there woul 1 have to be mutual giving and taking. Therefore the quotation u to what the New South Wales tiri IV was now wu utterly besi e the question. The fact wu however that the tai iff in New South Wales was much more of a free-trade tariff and much leis rppressive to the working man than our own. Here there wu not a single article he or the poor farmer wore or used but wu taxed, except mole tkin trousers, which were exempt from duty. One great tl.jectiun to the present system was tbat under it no man need contribute to the revenue unless he liked. He could have immense property here being daily improved by the Government expenditure, and yet be need not pay a penny towards the revenue. As to another point raised he would remind hon. members that he did not say our establishments were not increasing. What he bad taid wu that the expenses Tor ordinary government had not increased very much, but that the enormous increases in our expenditure were due to the works which we had undertaken for the development of tbe country. Witb regard to tl-e question of killing another squatter the figures given by Sir IL Ajers as to the years 1S«4, 1SG5, and 1866 did not bear on the subject. The (act wu tnere wu more land bought ly the farmers in those years than in any six years pre viously. (Sir H. Ayers—' Under tne old system.') He did not say there wu as much bought u there might bave been. But in consequence of the failure of the harvest in California that year prices went up very high— as high as 12s. a bushel —and farmers were enabled to take up more land in consequence. They bought an Immense quantity of lend from the Government and also from previous purchasers. But these particulars told rather against the hon. member's argument There was no doubt that up to that time Government* were afraid to face Uxation. Indeed there was scarcely a Government that had not been afraid to face it. When they winter money instead of going to Parliament and introducing an obn-nlojs Bill they killed another tquatftr. (Laughter ) He admitted there were many items in Loan Bills tbat ought not to lie there. Sir U. Avers admitted tbat. (Sir H. Ayers-' Hear, hear.') And yet he had known that hon. member introduce a Loan Bill with £55 down for a crossing. (Sir H. Ayen ' Quite true ;' and laughter.) He thought for once the hon. member wu ubamed of what he had done. (Laughter.) The reason why those amounts were included in Loan Bills wu that the Govern ments bad not bad enough money to carry on the government Another great principle bad betn harped on— reduce tbe expenditure. Why had Sir H. Ayen not reduced it 1 The bon. number could not; neither could he. The cry wu a different tbing from carrying it out The country would be governed in a certain way and they must pay the piper. Then there were works of development that were desirable, and bon. members knew bow difficult it was to get Companies to carry these out What should we do without railways! What should we do with E0,000toniof breadstuffs, si be hoped we should bave this year, if we bad no rail ways to carry it to the seaboard t Why it could not be done. We should bave to thut up altogether. Sir H. Ayers bad said tbat his Government had made an bocest attempt ton form tbe railway tystem and increase the rates of carriage. But the Govern ment scheme btoke dowu, It wm arranged la ft* fvcIi »n a' lord complicated »'T ttiat itcoaW not l-e carried uuc aid it would have jn:;fa.-ea ttit revenue ?o liu'e that after c-i«- i -j'y cn-'i-ir7ii;r£ it the preheat Govera meLt ilecided to en ha.lc to the old rat . If lite ton. member had stuck to his attempt be vnu'd hive given him his sympathy, but aa be bid broken dusrn he was not desemiu of it, A great many plans had been pointed out (or the increase of the revenue ol tbe colony. Ode mercber had asked them what they were going to do with the I ami Fund, bat be would Bay that he would like to R'e fome of that Land fun I devoted to the Dohlic works of the colony. Of course if the people did cot care for that, but would have the money spent in things which would no: be feen, men would be found who wotiii do it to: them. The elasticity of the revenue had ben alluded to aa a hopeful sign for ihe fature, but bon. members kneur as well as h- did that the expenditure was quite as ehi'ic. He wm tiot withmit hope of some dav testa? tLe Hoe. Mr. .Fisher in the Ministry, and he would give him a cheerful support, hoping theD to fee mine most tuilliant ant nnrc:»n^ legation. (The Hon. J. Fisher— 'I'm nnt so-ni to do it.'') If tbe bon. member said tint be would m-t take iffite be thought that he had no right to carry out his present policy anil object to every Bill, (oh.) fie woufd not object lo the hun member oppotins occasional rne su-es; hat Sir H. Avers would tell him that he had no rUh: tn oppose everything unless be was prepared to take the responsibility of carrying out tbe gjvemmeut of the country in the event of any disaster h.;p penif B to the party he was opposed to. The bou. m. mler saiil that there were a ere it irunv wivs of adjusting the revenue, lie would like til's h in. member to point snrue of them out. It wai mucn easier to object than to carry thins* oat. The Jion. Mr. Pcarce had said thai he suppled he (the Chief fcecretar)) especied him to supper, ths B.ii. The Dor.. J. PEAP.CE exDl-.ined that wliit b« bad said was llu: the dirf dtcreury w iu!d nrt e»i-«« hin- M tuw-rt the liiil. The CBItS1 SLCitETARV (Hon. W. .. .-.-n.) topped the hon. member's parduo, but die poinc wa» lint iui;orunt_ He was only Kom^ to say tl;it he had nut esptcted anythinz ih.it altar noon. He had fonnd tha: everynody was soin« anair.st him, and he had come to see that the ttatcir.eni that the Council was the representative of pi operty was most tree, lie did no; acree w.th the Hun. J. Ptarce that the country luust be in a prostrate condition before taxasiou unould be imposed, is he thousLt it would Iw a very bail I me lo impose laxitmn then, and that a Go vernment would tie foolish in passing over prosperous times and imposing taxation whan the cuuutry was poor. The lien. C. 15. Younc had £iven him credit for some courage in mtro decinz tiie Hill. Mid be tliauked the lion, member for it. lie had wid that ilie 'Jilt was cot an immediate necessity. but i: was the riaht thing to do, and tho sooner that was done tho bitter. He wuuld like to fite property msde to i-ay something mere than was eien provided here, ami Jf the Bill were pasied that mil-lit bo the thin end of the «e'!;e. Hun. wtnilers would -ee huw easy it would la if tne £l'l f a-std to raise the revenue t-y puf.ins; on an extra Id. or 2d. in the pound un property. (licar, hear.) But with a due regard for the anxious consideration that lion. mcuiVerj had fn: t!:e working men cf the culouy he had no doubt they had seen the effect th.-.t th.it wouM luve. One of the reasons puc forward by the Hon. ^Ir. Hay for not voting for the Bill wag that the Governmint would inly sutler if it were ia«seil. If the hon. member would vote for the Bill he wi-i quite pr^3red to run t')e risk. That wjuM lie a fair eompromise-fliURlitert-aiil with repard to the solicitude expressed l.iy the hon. pentleaan aa to the fate of the (iuv»rn mint he would say, 'It is all very well t) diiEemble your love; but why did you kick ine (.'own stairs!' (Laughter.) It had been said tha he had not cone in scrtident detail into the Mil'. on Us introuuciiun, but he had hopeil that the second reading would he parsed and chaC in Com mittee he inisht hive an opportunity of civinc aay detailed information that miKht be required. The objections tha: had been raised as to the appoint ment of fresh iliicera lo culled the taxes had really very little in them. Many appointments had been made of late jeara of new and well-paid clh'cial?, anil those appointments had been found to be icoic than justified by the ecocrmic results that ensued. In the Department of Harbours and Jetties, for instance, they were tliect.i.i; a preac saving in the cost of dredging a*. the i'orl, aud ether cases in point could lie cited. In ccecIu&iod;, he would only ray that if the Bill woe re jetted a very grave and serious reapoiKi Miity wcuM lave Leen incurred by the members of the - c until. Ihe motion was then put in the form 'that the wcrils to be struck out stand,' and was declared to le negatived. Ihe VHliF SECIEETAUY (Hon. \V. Morgan) called fcr a division :- AYts, 2-iIon. \V. Sandover and Chief Secretary (tellei). Xors, 11— Hun». Baker, Crozer. Fisher. Huahes, Ha», Hicarlb, feaice, S;mio, I'ouiik'. a:id larllon, scdSirlJ. Ayers (teller). Majority of 9 for the Nces. TI.e ameiiitment that the Bill he read a;ain that day en months was then cair.ed. MlLirAKY FOKCK KILL. A message was uceived from the House of iU'embly btalinx tin; the amendments introduced by the Council had been agreed lo. TAJIK LANDS BILL. This Bill having been reieived from the Honsa of Aftemlily was read a firtt time, and the second readitg maile an Order of the Day for iu.u day. KLECTOKAL BILL This Bill was received from the Hnu?e of A: temb:y ami read a tir«t time, the second re.i lui^ Ltiug n.ade an Order of the Day for ucxt day. ADJOUJJNMENr. The ('ot-ncil adjourned at twenty-two minutei I att ti nil tbe next day at 2 o'clock. PAIK.^. Land srd Property Xai Bill— For, Dr. Uuupbsll; A^aiuit, Sir. Scott. 