BY CELIA'S ARBOUR. By 'WALTER BESANT and JAMES RICE. [The right of publication is Australia has been purchased by th« proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XLVII. It was past 11 o'clock, but the day had been exciting, and we could not think of sleep. It was a hot night, too, with little wind, but a full bright moon shining in the placid waters of the Milldam. The town was very quiet ; in the kitchen, a cricket chirped loudly ; in a neighbouring garden was baying a foolish bog, driven nervous by the moonlight, which, as everybody knowe, makes wandering spectres, if there are any aVisMit vtioiKIa'+s* dncra 1-VicrViren **ri of iAnflrt.il hv till) sound of his own voice, perhaps awed by a more than commonly dreadful ghost, he left off barking, and re treated to his kennel. Then we were quite quiet, and sat faco to face, in silence. My nerves 'that night were strung to the point at which whatever happens brings relief. I felt as if something was going to happen. So did Leonard. ' Come,' he said, ' we must either talk or go off to bed. I feel as if something oppressive was in the air. Is it thunder ? No ; it is a clear and beautiful night. Let us go into the garden.' We went to the end of the garden, and stood on the stone coping, looking over the broad sheet of water. 'You are content, Laddy, with the turn things took this afternoon ? ' ' Yes,' I said, ' content, and yet humiliated. Why did I ever learn the story of my peopl e ? ' 'Poland has no claim upon you,' said Leonard. ? ? Your education — your disposition — everything ni akes you a man of peace. Stay at home and make the name of Pulaski glorious in art.' ?? Who is that, Leonard ? Listen.' An uneven 6tep in the quiet street. That was nothing, but the step seemed familiar. And it stopped at our door. And then there was rapping, a low rapping, as if the late caller wanted to come in confidentially. There was a light burning in the hall, and Leonard snatching it up opened the door. It was Wassielewski. And then I knew, . without being .told, that some dreadful thing had happened. ' Let me come in,' he said. '' I have a thing to say. Are you two alone ? ' ?? Alone,' echoed Leonard. ' Come in.' ' The soldier,' murmured the old Pole. ' Good ; he will understand.' As he stood in the light of the candles, I was con scious of a curiouB change that had fallen upon him. His eyes had loBt their wild and hungry brilliancy; they were soft and gentle; but his cheeks were flushed, and though he held himself upright, his hands trembled. ' I am here to tell you, Ladislas Pulaski, that you are avenged upon the murderer of your mother.' '? Wassielewski ! You have killed him ! ' I knew it without another word from him. The 6py was dead, and the hand of my poor old friend was red with his blood. ' Yes. I have killed him.' he said, gently. 'Tell us all,' said Leonard. 'Courage, Laddy, courage. And speak low.' 41 It was in fair fight,' said WassielewskL ' I am no murderer. Do not think that I murdered him. We watched him, that good and true man from Paris and I, all day. We knew that he would escape by train if he could, and so we drew lots. One was to go to the station and watch there. He was to take a ticket for the same station as the spy, he was to tele graph for friends to meet him in London, he was to get out with him, he was to follow him, and he was to find out where he went. Because, you see, we meant that this man should do no more mischief to Poland. The ot her one was to watch the house, and follow the spy whenever he came out. ' The lot fell to me to watcn the house. The other man went to the railway station. But the spy will send no more intelligence to St. Petersburg. He lies dead in a meadow beneath the town walk. I killed him there.' He spoke quite calmly, and as if he was merely stating a fact which we had every reason to expect. There was, however, no trace of bravado in his tone. 11 1 watched outside, from a window in a house opposite where they knew me, from 4 o'clock till 10. £ix hours. But I was not impatient, because I knew that the Lord had delivered him into my hands. After I thought things over, I perceived clearly that it was I, and not you, Ladislas, who was to avenge your mother. So I waited with patience, and, as one must guard against every accid.nt, I even ate and drank. ' It is light, now, till 9, and there is light enough to see across the street till past 10. Soon after sunset I saw that he had lit a lamp, and was destroying papers. When he had gone through all the papers, he began to pack a trunk. I saw him put up his clothes ; I saw him write an address on a card ; and then— a quarter before 10 was striking from St. John's Church— he took tLat long cloak of his which you know, and put out the gas. There is a night train at half-past 10. He was going to take it, and to send for his boxes afterwards. So I went out after him. ' When he saw me, which he did at once, because he turned at the sound of footsteps, he stopped and waited for me. 'You propose murdering me/ he said. I told him that he was quite mistaken, and that, if he had used his opportunities of knowing the Poles better, he would understand that Poles never murder people at all, having contracted a horror of murder from the contemplation of such murders as those of Roman and Claudia Pulaski. ' ' What do you want with me, then ? ' he asked. ' ' I want to fight you,' I said. 'I intend to fight you.' ' He laughed at first, and asked me if I thought him such a fool as to fight with a mad Polish exile he, a Russian official. ' Then I told him that he should not escape a duel ; that, if he was to call the police, it would be no U6e, because others were waiting for him ; that, if he escaped the town, the telegraph had sent messages to London, and he would meet with the Poles on arriving there ; and if he tried to fiy anywhere else, he would be watched, traced, and made to fight then. «? Madman,' he said, 'what are we to fight with ?' ' Then I showed him two long knives, which I have had for years, never thinking what a use I should put them to. Knives like short s irords, only without the hilt. And I told him he should have his choice. But fight he must. ' He hesitated, considering. He saw very well that what I offered him was his best chance. Man for man. If he killed me, he would probably get away some how. My comrade was at the station, and might be eluded. Then he was younger and stronger than I.' ' ' You understand,' I said, ' the duel is to be a entrance. I shall kill you, unless you kill me first.' ' ' Where are we to fight, madman ?' he asked. ' I told him of a place I knew of, a meadow sur rounded with trees, beneath the town wall. He knew it, too, and nodded. ? ' ? You are younger,' I said. ? You have that ad vantage; on the other hand you have a bad cause, and I a good one. You will fight your best, but you have to fight two, not one— Roman Pulaski as well as Wassielewski. One is dead, and it is hard to fight a dead man.' He laughed; he was no coward, that man. No, no; I never said that the Muscovites are cowards ; but it is not well to laugh at dead men. The dead arm may still strike. He was no coward ; he was brave, like all his countrymen. But he laughed at the dead ; he said he was ready to fight a dozen dead Poles. ' But as for you, mad old patriot and fool, I will not fight you. Stand out of my path.' 'Do you wish to fight in the street?' I asked him. ' Here is your knife ; here is mine. For fight you shall.' I suppose he saw that it was no use to refuse, for he took die knife and cursed me. He could curse very well, that man. I said nothing, because the Lord had delivered him into my hand, and it was not good to begin a fight with cursing. So I walked beside him, feeling the point of my knife — at his left hand, because the Muscovite spies are treacherous and he might have tried to stab me had I been on the ?other side. One has to be careful with such men as that.' ' I think, WaEsielewski,' said Leonard, ' that you had better sit down, and rest. This talk is too much for you.' The old man was swaying backwards and forwards, flinging about his arms, acting the scene, imitating his enemy's voice and gestures, so that one could picture the big, ponderous-looking spy staring straight in the Pole's face in Mb insolent, cynical, and con temptuous way. But his voice grew shaky, and his lips were parched. Leonard poured out a glass of spirits and water, which he drank greedily. ?? Aha ! ' he cried, ?? I forgot that I was thirsty. Now I can go on.' | 'Laddy,' said Leonard, 'don't stare at him with ! that scared face. Courage, dear boy, Wait till we come to the end. Keep your imagination quiet, now above all times. If you are ready, Wassielewski, go on ? ' ' Yes, I -am ready. Oh ! yes. Quite ready. ' It is a beautiful moonlight night. Almost like a moonlight night in Poland. I thought of the night ': marches we used to have in 1833, singing as we went ? through the -woods— those were the Umea for the : Poles, when we met the enemy in the morning, and ' cut him off before he was awake. And then I thought ' of the moonlight nights— ah! how many years ago— fifty years and more, when Napoleon promised to free Poland, and all of us flocked to his army — and the merry days when we danced all night long with, the Polish girls, long before the Muscovite forbade them to wear their own dress, and stopped their dancing altogether. The more I thought of these things, the more happy I felt to be walking side by side with the spy. Because I knew, oh! yes, I knew very well indeed, that I was going to kill him. ' And as I was back in Poland I thought of other things. It is a good thing that one can think so quickly. I was with the rebels again. I had in my hands the very gun which the Lady Claudia gave me. I was creeping in the underwood towards a Russian, outpost ; I was sentinel all night in the insurgents' camp ; I was fighting behind a barricade ; I was fol lowing Roman Pulaski in a charge ; I was running after the carts in which the children were being car ried away; I was crying over the dead body of Claudia with little Ladislas in my arms— I saw it all — all my past life, as well as I see you, Ladislas, and you, Leonard Copleston, before me at this minute. It was a sign to me that I was to gain some signal and great honour. And no honour could be as great to me as the killing of that spy. Because I knew very well indeed that I was certain to kill him. 'Then a strange thing happened. I saw that on the other side of the spy, marching silently, was your dead father, Roman Piilaski. His face was stern and hard, not like the happy face he wore when he married his wife, when he tossed his child, and when he set off to fight the Russians, but stern and hard. He meant that justice should be done. There was the memory of his long march to Siberia in his look, sud the years of misery in the mine. He was worn and haggard, and his hair was gray, though his step was firm. Roman Pulaski was going to fight for me. It seemed unfair for the man between us, but it was justice. 'At my right was Lady Claudia. She took no notice of the spy who was going to be killed, not the least notice, because he was beneath her contrmpt ; but she whispered in my ears gracious words, ' Faith ful Wassielewski ; brave old servant ; this one battle over, and your work is done. Courage and patience. You shall see me again before long, when this man is killed.' ' We marched in silence, we four, with the steps of two, side by side, along the deserted streets. No one met us, the' patrols were all gone back to their bar racks, and no policeman passed us. It would have astonished a policeman to see four persons walking together, and two of them dead. When we got to the place where we were to fight— you know it well, Ladislas— it is where you and the young lady walk sometimes, and sit among the flowers ; we got over the gate side by side, and walked across the grass.' Good heavens ! The man, then, was lying dead among the buttercups in our own meadow under Celia'e ^Arbour, the place where we had talked, played, and sauntered so many many times so many years. ' He said nothing, but kept his eyes on me— he did not seem to take any notice of Roman Pulaski — while hd threw off his cloak and hat. It is a iull moon, and the meadow was as light almost as day. He chose his own position, where the moonshine fell full upon my face, so that it might blind my eyes. Fool ! As if it mattered while Roman Pulaski was by my side. I laughed at his madness, and took the place he left for me. The Lady Claudia remained behind. It was not for her to watch the fight. She stood beneath the strees, where I saw her white robes flut tering in the breeze. You cannot expect a saint in heaven to look at the punishment of a Bpy. ' Foot to foot, and in each right hand a knife. He fought well, he sprang upon me'like a lion, he struck at me here, there, and everywhere, but he struck in vain, because all his blows were warded off. He was a brave man, but he fought against the dead. And all the time he cursed and swore at me for a mad man, a mad old Pole, a mad old lunatic, everything that was mad. But I never answered, watching his knife, and waiting my chance. And close beside me stood Roman Pulaski, tall and strong as in life, but his face was hard and stern. 'And then the chance came, and he fell. My knife was plunged to the handle in his heart. I had no scratch upon me, no hurt or wound of any kind. And when he fell I thought of Lady Claudia's words, ' Only thiB one battle left, and your work is done.' I am past seventy years of age ; I fear I shall kill no more spies. . ? ?? ' I looked at him as he lay on the grass. There was a pool of blood, the kniie was in his heart, and he was quite dead. And then 1 came away. ' Before me strode Roman Pulaski. and presently he joined the Lady Claudia. She waved her hand to- me, and they both went out of sight hand in hand. . 'Then I thought I would come here and tell you, Ladislas, that your enemy is dead. He can do you no more harm, and Poland no more harm. The Czar has one spy the less.' He ended his story, which he told throughout with a quiet and suppressed vehemence, and with the exul tation of one who has done a noble and a brilliant action. Much brooding and a solitary life had driven Viirn mad. He could see no cause for regret or repent ance ; he had slain his enemy in fair fight ; he was the instrument of Providential retribution; he obeyed the behests of his dead mistress, and he had no doubt whatever that the phantoms of his disordered brain -were real visitants from the realms of the upper -world. Real visitants ! They were real to me while I lis tened with trembling lips to his story. I felt the great horror which, as they tell, falls always upon those who see, or think that they see, the spirits of the dead. It was as if in the room with Wassielewski were those sacred Shades whom I longed but dreaded to look upon. And for the moment the horror of the murder, the image of the dead man lying on his back in the long grass, were lost in the eagerness of the desire that they would show themselves to me as they showed themselves to their old servant, and speak to me as they spoke to him. They never came ; they never spoke ; no voice or whis. er from the grave has come to me, or will come. And. yet I doubt not that some time I shall see them both in earthly beauty glorified, and with earthly love transformed into heavenly love. , ' lhat will be best. She said my work was done. In Poland I shall find a grave near hers; I know where she lies beside the road, because I buried her. 1 will seek out the spot and die there too. My work is done.' Leonard listened gravely. He had not interrupted him, except to ask for the kniie. Now he looked at me with a pitying despair on his face. He could do nothing. The poor old man would be tried for .mur der ; and he was quite mad. ,, Meantime Wassielewski sat down and rested. The exaltation was dying out in his brain, and he looked And as we asked each other in despairing looks, Leonard and I, what to do next, we were startled by a BteD outside. ? ; ?? Good heavenB ! ' I cried. « Who is that ?' Wassielewski had left the door open. The steps came into the hall; then we heard the street door closed gently ; and then our own door opened slowly, snd a muffled voice, hoarse and thick, whispered through the opening, ??All friends here?' 