THEATRE ROYAL.— IIA&ILET.; Tho tragedy of Hamlet was performed at the Theatre lloyal last evening, Mr. Defries an actor who has boen in this city for some time without an engagement, taking the Dart of the Prince of Denmark. Some speculation was indulged in as to the capacity of tho now tragedian, who came with somo repute from Sydney, and there was n largo house, ns is usually tho caso with the Melbourne public when any partionlar expectations nre hold out. Tnken as a whole, Mr. Defrios's Hamlet did not ascend far abovo nor doacenil far below the ordinary standard of many of the stage Hamlets who havo appeared in this colony. There have been one or two tragedians wliose performances in Shakspcaro have mndo them models of excellence, from which tbo- commonplace auting of the all. round school is immeasurably removed. Mr, Defries cauDot claim to be ono of these. His Hamlet wao neither iilealietionor philosophi cal, nor was it quite consistent as an eloou- tionary attempt. It is essentially a stage conception, having little originality and with few element! of novelty in delineation. Mr. Defries seemed unablo to realise, or if ho realised lie did not givo expression to tho fundamental feeling whioh penetrates and pervades the whole of Hamlet's oharaoter. Wo refer to that duality of motive whioh' fluctuates in his mind, and that polarity of intellectual forces which makes him alternately oling to lifo and pray for doath. The andience last night did not catch any glimpses of that inner life which oarrios Uumlet on through whirlwinds of subdued passion and intensity of thought to his ultimate destiny. Instead of his soliloquies being tho reflections of Hauilet expressed aloud, they appeared lilto speeches addressed to the audience, whom he took into his confidence. In the reilootive parts, whoro the life within should bo aeon in contrast with Hamlet's rough experionco with tho outer world, Mr. Defries was least ofi'dctiveof all. In other scenes, where there was plonty of scope for action and little- for thought, he wa3 more successful. His periods frequently brought down the house. Thus, in the first interview with lloseucranz and Gnildcnstcrn, and in the play scene, ho threw some animated intonation into his declama tion ; so also in the grave-digging scene. This is about tho boat that can be said. There was nothing Unique in the representation, and a decided want of tragic earnestness and subtlety of penetration and emotion. Tho superficiality cf mere elocntion would Dot supply the wont of these. Aa regards tho rest of tbo characters, they wcreloxceedingly well performed. Mr. Vincent's Claudius was n- fair performanco, full of epirit and dignity,- Mr. S. Whyte as Polonius, represented that old personage, in the ortho dox fashion. Aa Laertes ilr.\ Appleton ap peared to advantage, and infused into that character a coble manliness whioh conld not but attract admiration. Mr. C. H. Taylor as Horatio, end Mr. Stuart O'Brien ns the Ghost, achieved a marked success. The part . of tho fair Ophelia was assumed by Miss Marion Med way, and-was one of the best reprcsoota. tions of " the tempest-broken dove of Den mark " ever given on the atage of tho Royal. Thorc were no other mnteral alterations in the cast of the tragedy aa performed on previous occasions. 