ODD NOTES. : BY A BOHEMIAN. Municipal Government seems lo mo a per fect mystery.' The more I study it tho less I know about it. Aldermen appear to form such very different conceptions of what is hest for the goneral intorest of tho ratepayers, and adopt their views so. enthusiastically, that a strong personal feeling is manifested at times, and they talk to each ether in the plainest possible language, and volunteer opinions of each other which aio: more remarkable lor candour than compliment. I am not an alder man, nor a ratepayer, and hope I never shall be, but that is the best of all reasons why I ought to bo able to tako a calm and dis passionate view of tho proceedings of the Municipal Council. And, between ourselves,'X really do keep my eye upon tho aldermen in a quiet way. It is always a safe riile to be sus picious of any man who undertakes to work for nothing, and that is what the Brisbane aldermen do. They work for nothing, and I want to iearn how they get their reward. How do they satisfy themselves for their time and trouble ? Do thoy " take it out" in abusefrom disappointed ratepayers? ' Nobody surely could feel that he was adequately rewarded for devoting an important portion'of his time tothdpublic free gratis for nothing by gotting soundly abuBed for his pains. It is not in human naturo to accept payment of this kind with satis faction, and yet I cannot see any other reward which our aldermen can reasonably look forward to. "When any ono of them does not get abused by tho ratepayers or any'section of them, some other alderman supplies the abuse, in the full knowledge that the compliment will be re turned on the first favourable opportunity. Is it the defect of early education, or some pecu liar mental or intellectual defect that induces quiet respectable men to allow themselves to be. sent to tho Municipal Council to bait each other once a fortnight for tho amusement of the public, and then get kicked all round for their pains ? Or is it a mental disease of an obscure type which attacks some men at a certain period of their life, and when they have attained a certain social position, and which impels them to allow themselves to be elected for a ward, and Bubmit to be badgered for two years for the public amusement ? I know that the ordinary rule of criticism, as applied to public men, is to assume the impossibility of disinterested public spirit, and refer all their actions to personal and self-in terested motives. I have tried Brisbano alder men by this rule, but it will not work. Tho thing won't tot up-rioithcr forward, back ward, sideways, nor across., -Try it which way you may, there is nowhero for the self interest, to come in without, being spotted at onco and howled down beforo there is a ghost of a chance for it to operate. The only conclusion I can como to on tho subject is, that, it is one of thoso 'things, which no sensible inau ought to be expected to explain. I am grieved to sco in the editorial columns of VtmEvanjdkal Standard of Saturday last that tho editor is not getting along comfort ably with his subscribers. 1'or lorn months past I havo boon rondcring him all tho assist ance inmy power by supplying him withsubjects for first class leading articles. "With a disin terested self-sacrifico which I never expect any body to givo mo credit for, I have mado myself tho whipping post for tho editor of tho Evan gelical, and hoped, and believed that he was getting along beautifully with tho assistance I was rendering him. But, alas,. it is not so. Tho plain outspoken language which, although not permissablo in a secular newspaper, seemed to bo so appropriate for an £'can gelical Standard does not appear to to bo acceptable. Tho editor in touching language bemoans the lax support received from quarters wlienco better things might havo ticon oxpeoted, and expresses his amazement at having encountered cold looks when ho ex pected smiles, and sharp words of rebuke when ho flattered himself with tho hopes of applause." A section of pseudo-supporters are divided into threo classes, under tho respective designations of "Tom," "Dick," and "Harry," and tho particular delinquencies and ^ short comings of each class are minutely and graphically detailed. Finding Tom, Dick, and Harry, when converted, to bo " as unreasonable and exacting as in their un converted' stato," tho writer decides to lot thom go, and to confidently fall back on a generous appreciation and a benovolent energy o' support from our United Christianitj. But, alas, ho has been glorying a little prema turely. The support of the United Chris tianity proves only a bruised reed. hat ovor -ho does is wrong, and somebody iB ready to pounce on him in whatever direction lie wields his editorial pen. Ho must not "cul tivate a drowsy rumble of sentences," nor may ho c( incontinently indulge in a little light pleasantry by way of imparting some relief to the weighty pages of ecclesiastical and theo logical discussion which the strong meat Chris tians demand as their proper food/* If in denouncing a wrong ho even so much as mutters the namo of the doer of a wrong, ho ia Killed personal, vituperative, and bitter. Ho finds, in short, to use his own words, that " if you even defend yourself against a charge of perjury, or use any forcible epithets to exposo falsehood, infidelity, fraud, or immorality; or even if you touch the errors of churches, or the follies of religionists, you may expect more kicks than ha'pence." This sounds like a death knell. If the supporters of the Evan gelical Standard won't sanction the use of " forcible epithets," then I fear its days are numbered. X should be sorry to see ' tho Standard cave in. It has advertised me gratis, in a most liberal manner week after week, with a constancy and devotion which has won my tenderest regard. Perhaps I was not .worthy of it, but thatwas not for me to decide. Still, it is no use shutting my eyes to the fact that -when the Standard is not pungently personal, it is insufferably dull. : Phrenologists assert in the most positive 'manner that the.one bump which, is most defi cient on all human heads is the bump of con scientiousness. Or, to put it in another way, they assure you that while iii any. given num ber of heads examined. you may find large re flective faculties, large "veneration," largo "self-esteem," largo* "love of approbation," and a number of other very respectable bumps, you rarely find large "conscientiousness." If this is a libel on the Anglo-Saxon race, it was . Gall and Spurzheim, George Combe, and a number of other fellows who lived at tho beginning of tho present century, who are guilty. I merely repeat what they affirmed. And now I only give it as an illustration, a proof on the opposite side, that excessive con. scientiousness is now and again to be met with. A case occurred in Brisbane only a few, weeks ago. A man in business, a shopkeeper, died, and left his brother and a friend executors, and his wife as executrix of his estate. TTT brother was appointed to manage the business on be half of the widow for a short time, and although she'objected, the arrangement was carried into effect. But the"friond" soon backed out of his responsibility, and the poor woman was left to tho mercy of her brother-in-law. She had her doubts about his ability or willingness to manage the business for her in. a satisfactory manner; The result was, that Bhe determined to hand over the business to the creditors while , she could do so with some satisfaction. This was done, and although the brother-in-law felt rather hurt about it, ho held a prayer- meeting, and made up"-his mind to perform his duty conscientiously in this business-and he has done so. The deed of nssignment has been drawn up and signed, but it has not been registered as yet, so he is re ceiving such payments as como to hand in con nection with his late brother's business, and is sternly determined to see this respoi Ability through whatever may be the'const juence. Now, I consider that" this is an ins' mce of conscientiousness which is worthy or being recorded. If it bo true, as tho phrenologists assert, that rigid conscientiousness is a scarce article in the world it is the duty of everybody who comes upon a striking exception to znako it public in order to excite emulation. That is the reason why I have mentioned this case. 