IN. THE. .BARBER'S SHOP. , _ FI B GARO,.. :, "Ihavo gnthorod aposio of otir nson's'~flowicrs, and nothiog but the thread, thalt binds them is mine own."-M?oINTAtIGNOE I WISH I could feel enthusiastic over the resolution come to by certain tradesmen of St. Kilda and Prahran to establish a weekly half- holiday. The end sought to be attained is such a good one, that I should like to jubilate about it after a fashion which might lay me open to the chargeo of being extravagant. I have tried to get up the steam, but whenever I found a good " Hip, hip, hurrah!" at my tongue's end, former failures rose up before me like the ghost to Macbeth, and paralysed my power of utterance. I can't say positively how many times I recollect the starting of a weekly half-holiday in one or other portion of this district-the vigour witht which these were initiated-the enthusiasm at first displayed about them-aad the fair prospects they seemedto hold out of being firmly established. I backed them up, in my poor humble way, with all the argu mnents and all the encouragement I could think of. But, alas! they turned out to be mere summer flies-such as are born, sport their little lives, and pass away in a few fleeting hours. After a time, the en thusiasm witn which they were initiated began to cool-customers tempted shop keepers to break the agreement-some shopkeepers were too weak to resist this temptation-one by one they defected, and then came collapse! It is the remem brance of. these things, and that alone, which chills the exuberance I wish to feel over these latest efforts to secure amuch needed weekly rest for those, engaged in retail: trade. Of a hebomadal !half-holiday I'm a sincere advocate, and I know of nothing to prevent it being established but -selfishness. And this selfishness is, I'm quite convinced, shown more by those who want to buy than those who want to sell. I appeal then to *the former, now that a fresh start has been made, to conquer that ugly feeling. If they will but do this suc cess is sure. With them rests the settle ment of the question, whether the young men and maidens who serve behind coun tors in this district shall have a weekly respite from~their exhausting hours of toil. If buyers will but realise this fact fully, surely, on the principle of doing as they would ble doine by, they will iefrain from attempting to induce shopkeepers to supply them with goods in the voluntarily pro hibited hours. Especially do I'appeal to the ladies in this maitter; for with thes I believe, in the main, success or failure rusts. They can make or mar this latest attempt for a half-holiday. Will they not makeit ? I hope so. Nothing wpiuld give me greater pleasure than some time hence to have to record that the enthusiasm I don't at present:feel is actually warranted. Should that time ever come, I'll give such a lusty, ringing cheer as it will do your hearts good to listen to! There's another aspect of this matter about which I don't feel quite so anxious. It is proposed that the labourers employed by the Prahrau Council shall have a Satur day half-holiday. But as these onily work eight hours a day, it is certain they are not overwrought. If they would prefer to make up their 48 hours' tale by working a little longer on five days so as to shorten the sixth, I see no objection to their being allowed to do so. But their claims are so entirely different to those of shop assistants, that it may be fairly left to themselves to arrange' terms with their employers with out outside help. If they were overtasked, no one would be more ready to plead their cause than myself; but so far as I can see, they are quite able to take care of themselves. Should they desire the half holiday, I feel quite sure they've only to ask for and get it. It isn't thus with shop assistants. Within an hour from the time of the poll being declared at the last Parliament Ary election for this district, I said to one of Mr. Dixon's.most prominent and rejoic. ing supporters," See what a mistake you've made in not running two candidates! Why, you could as easily have got two in as one." Be replied, "I believe we could, but we didn't know our strength. Now that we've found it out, we'll start two candidates whenever another electioni occurs- vou bet."' And since that time I've reason to believe the party has been quietly on the look-out for a real good man to run with Mr. Dixon. Of course, I'm not in their confidence, so what I'm about to say must be taken crn grano salie. But I think its not far wide of the mark. Up to very recently the two most likely men from whom the choice of a companion for Mr. Dixon would be made seemed to be Mr. M'Naughton, of St. Kilda, and the Hon. James Munro. The former gentle man it was thought would command con siderable influence in the portion of the electorate wherein he resides, whilst it was imagined the unswerving attachment of the latter to Liberal principles would stand him and the caune in good stead. But I am told the claims of both of these gentlemen are now eclipsed by those of the Hon. the Treasurer, who, if the little bird that whispered the information in my ear is to be relied on, is quite willing to place his services at the command of the fit. Kilda constituency. If this turns out to be the case, and, whenever an election comes off--and I fancythat time isn't very far distant-the Liberal party should run Mr. Berry in conjunction with Mr. Dixon, then we shall see such a stirring contest as has perhaps never before-been witnessed in St. Kilda. For I don't imagine the Constitutionalists will allow judgment to go by default. They will be certain to strain every nerve, not only to keep the seat they've got, but to recover the one they've lost. As Mr. Templeton is not now a police magistrate, I feel no diffidence in telling you that I had the pleasure of being "intro. duced" to him on Thursday last. Yes, my friend, it was the first time, though I don't mind owning I shall be sorry if it's the last. The occasion was the presentation to him of the testimonial from the magistrates who have been his colleagues on the bench. I unfor'unate'y "ar?'ved too late to hear the complimentary things that were said of the late P.M.; ;or his reply. Butso6n enough to wishl him, in a glass of" f-l," good-.luck in the new business he has entered upon. This I did with all sincerity, anrid can assure youthat'it was a genuine case of" In vine veritas." There are those who think Mr. Temple ton was too precipitate in taking his dis missal as final, and at once chaltking out for himselfa new business career. They argue that if he had waited patiently for a time, he would probably. have been re-ap. pointed. I ventured, upon the occasion I've just alluded to, to mention this; whereupon Metal rejoined, "You overlook his family connexions. Mr. Templeton might possibly have been reinstated, but the brothelr-in-law of a member of the Legislative Council-never !" And I fear there is too much truth in that remark, which indicates that some, at least, of the discharged civil servants have been got rid of, not for tny faults of their own, but as a "revenge" on their relatives and friends, who do not hold " correct" opinions. : Our old a respected fellow-townsman, Thomas S8tubbs, is no more. . He has passed away totthe better life at the good old age of 75. No more will he ascend the rostrum, wield the'hammer, or write out alluring advertisements. He was a character, in his wvay, was Thomas Stubbs; but withal, a; jovial, kindhearted, cheery fellow. For at least a quarter of a century he was a prominent man in Melbourne, and by those whose memories extend over that period of time, his portly presence and sunny smile will be greatly missed. I've heard many persons talk about him, and; many pleasantries spoken of his eccen tricities, but never a word of ill-will. That he lived his life without making some enemies it would most likely be foolish to asserte but it's mvfirnm oninin that if ha had chosen to talk on this matter,-he could have boasted of having lived a long life with fewer to say a harsh word of him after death than falls to the lot of one in a thousand. When the time comes for me to shuffle off this mortal coil,; I shall die very happy if I pass away. with as. much respect as my old friend has done. Peace obe to his memory ! I've no wish to lay the proprietor of this journal open to an action for libel. If I had, I should write something very severe about the conduct of IHugh Peck at the' banqiuet which followed the formal opening of the Gippsland Railway; So I will pass the subject by with merely expressing my opinion that the most charitable construe tion which can be .put upon his extra. ordinary behaviour is one the reverse of complimentary-oine whicli is usually held by magistrates to be an aggravation of the onriginal offence. There is one possible effect of the crisis which I venture to think its authors never contemplated. ,' Many of the discharged civil servants kept one or more domestics. These are now getting their dismissal. Those who employed three are doing with two, those who had two with one, and those with one with none. Therefore, there is not unlikely to be what we haven't seen in Melbourne for many years, viz., a plethora of Biddies. Instead of two mistresses competing for one servant, it is not im probable two servants will be looking after one mistress. Should this come to pass, you can easily guess what':willfollow--a reduction in the rate of wages offered. Against this Biddy will be sure to rebel, and as sure to inoculate her favoured fol lower with her spirit of discontent. And if these really should getit into their heads that the crisis is the cause of their mis fortune, the Ministry had better look out for squalls. Although women haven't a vote, they exercise a good deal of influence over those who have; and I fancy if tih servant "gals" choose to do so, they can make the position of the Ministry very ticklish when a general election comes on! Can you furnish me with any good and valid reason why horseflesh should not be as palatable and nutritious food as the flesh of bullocks or cows ? The only grounds I can see for its non-employment as an article of diet are the very unsatis factory ones of education and prejudice. We have not been brought up to eat horses-ergo, they're not fit to be eaten. But that doesn't satisfy me. Why shouldn't we eat horseflesh ? The horse is quite as clean a feeder as the ox, and exists on a purely vegetable diet. Which is more than can be said for the pig or thei duck two. of the delicacies of the table, and amongst the dirtiest feeders in creation. Yet we partake of them without scruple nay, with something more vhan a relish whilst if we were set down to a well-cooked joint of horse, nineteen out of every twenty of us would, assuming we were told what it was, i'refuse to partake of it. I don't imagine I shall make a mistake if I call this unreasoning squeamishness. There is certainly no present prospect of our supply of beef falling short, but were it by any chance to do so, I think we might advan tageously fall back upon our horses. It is said that worn-out working bullocks speedily put on flesh if supplied with plenty of food, and make excellent beef. Idon't see why worn-out horses shouldn't be similarly utilised, instead of being, as now, sent to the dogs.' Only what the dogs would then do I can't tell, and don't much care. Their claims are secondary to those of human being's. 