) OUR AMATEUR THEArRTOALS AT ) BQOLONQ-. , : ; / lie jests at sears who never felt a wound, — Eomeo. V One of the most awful recollectious Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, bad of his jmuthful days, he used to dcclai-c, y was when he made his first and only appearance as |aa \ actor at a priv.ate amateur theatrical entertaiumeut at, his I v own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad f conceived that he was born to be an actor — to tread the ( boards like the great Garrick and the elder Keau — but it ) was, foolish notion, soon kuocked out of bis head after his ) peculiar debut. Oil finding the Melbourne and Sj'dhey \ managers unwilling to give a perfect novice udth blearing Y red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance iu "Hamlet". ( at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the ' bull by, the horns" .and get up a company of his own down ) at his place at Boolong, . He went to enormous expense ) in building a small theatre, .purchasing wardrobe, having ) scenery painted — fo,r Banbury was determined to do: the . thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a kind ; ( of scratch company, many of them like himself, - raw am- ' bitious amateurs, e.ager "to fret their hour :"upon the . ) stage," aud one or two seely outcasts of the. profession; - ) and he looked forward to the production of his pet play, \ " Hamlet," himself , as the Prince, with much excitement, r notmnalloyed with pleasure. The amateui-s, after about a ) month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect In their \ words before the curtain went up, . but after it did most of r them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ) intoxicated, and the King likewise ; Ophelia, an amateur, burst irito a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen f lines; Banbury was roared at, by the local personages who ) assembled to assist .at the am.atenr performance. But this was not the -worst, for Banbury, found that when the bills ' came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, ) and he could not meet thefrii " The'fellows," he used to say, y " allowed me;tb have whatever I wanted on credit, because ' -they knew that my-rich uncle iii Adelaide, a strict Method- ) ist, wouH pay them, .but I knew very-well he would, do no . such thing when. he fourid- they, were.j for, theatrical trap- : pings, 'for if thereavaf "one thmg he held/iu, ahhorreuce it i was the- theatre".'',/; What". wis he to „d9,?„.;:.His- uncle would disinherit Mm, turn,him,6ut|o.f the hoiise he had furnished for him,' arid send; him a-drift on the. world. What was he I to do ? Hiscredi£bi'g.,w6d. no,Lwa:t.,and he would be a miserable pauper. iSt/utVfor-aU ,this;he ,did not lose his ' house, and, his poor, uncle's/fbrtiiae -is in the bank in his ( name, thanks to'the. timely aid qft Pne a friend to the drania ds well ds fo tlie rest\of flu: who advanced ' him the -'iieedful; Need'we aay'-liis name.' Np ; all know I him 1 But ye may as weU . remark it was thA e/wj/yno/i of the distressed, ' . .. , . - . . . ' DAVID VUNEY; of'52 . - ' Who has from '£5 to £16,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills I of sale (with or withoufcurLty), salary orders, life policies. certificates;;deeds,- bill,- of lading, ; legacies,. goods, ) merchandise, on expected, remittances, or on, moneys per- ) sons' may be entitled- to from; England(and elsewhere; etc., repayable to' suit the convenience of borrowers; ) Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate, of interest, and y mortgages from 6 per cent. 