SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, Friday. Serious charges of fraud have been laid against Mr. Bridmore, formerly a wheat merchant, now insolvent. ========== MESSRS. FISHBURN AND MORTON.— We are glad to hear that our old friends, who were so successful in constructing the second section of the Beechworth line, have been equally successful in their contract for the middle section of the Gippsland Railway, and have again shown themselves to be the right men for work such as this. On Thursday we received a telegram from Bunyip inform- ing us that the connecting rails would be laid that afternoon, ten months before contract time. Government should in some way recognise this. BUSH FIRES ON THE MURRAY. — Our cor- respondent writes : — On the 17th ult. a fire took place in the paddock of a selector on Gravel's Plains, the origin of which was from an old tree that had been set on fire about two months previously, and had been smoul- dering away all the time unknown to anyone. Its progress was stayed for a time, but on the next day it broke out again, although it had been watched, and it consumed all the eastern fence and about half of the northern — the grass being very dry. It then spread up the ranges, at the back of the Woolshed, and caught the boundary fence between Gravel's Plains and Towong — burning about half a mile of it. When the fire was got under at last, after spreading about 100 yards on the Towong side — men had been out night and day for three days endeavouring to stop its progress. The effect as it spread up the ranges in the darkness was most magnifi- cent, although somewhat destructive. THE ST. ALBAN'S YEARLINGS. — The first annual sale of yearlings by the now celebrated sire King of the Ring, whose first foal has proved himself perhaps the very best animal that ever trod the Australian turf, was held at Mr. Jas. Wilson's, St. Albans, on Thursday, and as was expected proved highly successful, there being a very large attendance, whilst the prices given were very large, the total amount realised being 5000 guineas. The fol- lowing were the sales : — Lot one — Bright bay colt, out of Musidora, foaled 19th September, Mr. John Wiggins, Camperdown, 1,200 guineas. Lot two — Dark bay filly, out of Mischief, foaled October 6th, Mr. Herbert Power, Mel- bourne, 1,550 guineas. Lot three — Bay colt, out of Seaspray, foaled October 1st, Mr. E. R. Gough, Melbourne, 500 guineas. Lot four — Dark bay filly, out of Rescue, foaled 20th September, Mr. George Synnot, Geelong, 400 guineas. Lot five — Dark bay colt, out of Miss Jessie, foaled October 6th, Mr. E. McEvoy, 1,350 guineas. Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson, the auctioneers, then attended Mack's Hotel, Geelong, and sold the following stock : — Brown filly, 3 yrs, by Argus Scandal — Mermaid, Mr Hugh Gallagher, Warrnambool, 24 guineas ; chesnut filly, 3 yrs, by Argus Scandal, Mr. Wm. Burrows, Geelong, 38 guineas ; pair of buggy horses, 7 years, Mr. Donald Bantock, 34 guineas ; bay horse by Marquis of Montrose, Mr. Cuthbert Curlewis, 38 guineas. The well- known horse Argus Scandal, by Ace of Clubs, out of Lady Heron, was offered, but was passed in at 375 guineas, and several other valuable animals were similarly dealt with owing to the bids not reaching the reserves. The sale of the King of the Ring yearlings is an extraordinary one indeed, the five lots averaging 1000 guineas each, and from their breeding they should repay those who pur- chased them. WANGARATTA POLICE COURT. — On Thurs- day, before Messrs. A. Tone and Myers, J.P.'s, J. Newman was charged with horsestealing. Mr. Langtree appeared for the prisoner. The police applied for a further remand until Thursday next. Mr. Langtree opposed the application, and the case was remanded. A boy named Elias Draper, about 12 years of age, was brought up as a neglected child. Constable Hayes, stationed at Boorhaman, stated that on making enquiries he found that the boy's father was a shepherd at Boorhaman, but that the boy had left his home, wandering about at night stealing eggs, sleeping in stacks, &c.; The father said before he had entered Mr. Bould's employment, the boy's conduct had been good, but latterly he had absented himself from home and school, and he had lost all control over him, but did not know that he stole eggs, and he would look after him more strictly for the future. The boy promised to conduct himself better for the future, and the Bench dismissed the case. THE SUEZ MAIL.— The R.M.S.S. Tanjore arrived at Adelaide on Thursday night, and will probably reach Hobson's Bay on Sunday, so that people in these districts may expect their letters on Monday. A CURIOUSITY. — Amongst the animals ex- hibited in Cooper and Bailey's zoological col- lection was an American brown bear from the Brazils. It was a fine specimen of its tribe, measuring about two feet and a half in height. At Chiltern the animal died through the intense heat and being over fed, and its carcase was purchased by Mr. Hohmuth, of Beechworth, who at once skinned it and took it home. He forwarded it to Mr. White to be cured, and most probably he will shortly hand it over to Mr. R. H. Jenkyns, who will have it stuffed. We should like to see it placed in the Burke Museum, as, it is a very rare animal, and the first ever exhibited in Australia. BEECHWORTH POLICE COURT.— On Thurs- day, the following cases were heard before Messrs. John Turner, G. Gammon, and John Stevens, J.P.'s :— R. Taylor v. Annie Pye ; claim £19 4s., goods. Mr. Zincke for plaintiff ; Mr. Brown for defendant, who took exception to the summons, as the bill accompanying the summons merely stated a balance due, with- out giving the items. Mr. Zincke answered that it was a balance agreed upon on a certain date, and this Court in such cases followed the practice of the County Court. After some further argument on the point, the Bench decided to hear the evidence as to its being a balance agreed upon. The plaintiff, however, was unable to prove that the balance had been struck and agreed upon, as it had been done by his agent, and the case was adjourned till Tuesday for his evidence. Wm. Henry, a farmer living at Bowman's Fo- rest, appealed against the United Shire Coun- cil's assessment of his land, which had been valued at 4s. per acre. The appellant swore that the land, 80 acres was very poor — much poorer than that surrounding it — and that it had only 120 sheep during the last three years ; he considered the valuation to be unfair and excessive. By Mr. Zincke : Had taken up the land under the 42nd section ; had no cultivation, and was not allowed to cultivate by the terms of his lease, having got the exemption through the land not being fit for cultivation ; had sown some English grasses in the paddock here and there. Alex. Rae, a farmer who owned land in the neigh- borhood, stated that he considered appellant's land unfairly assessed ; it was not nearly as good as his (witness') land, which was valued at the same rate, with improvements added. By Mr Zincke : No one else in the Forest had appealed against the valuation of 4s. Edwin Andrew, valuator, deposed that 4s. was the minimum basis of valuation in Bowman's Forest, with improvements added ; the valu- ation in question was a fair one ; no one else had appealed for the last four years, since he was valuer. Appeal disallowed, with £1 1s. costs. MYRTLEFORD. — Our correspondent, under date 31st January, writes : — Bush fires to the right of us, fires to the left of us, fires in front of us, and fires in the rear of us ! Such is the state of the country in this neighborhood. Grass, fences, and in some instances, crops have suffered, and should the drought con- tinue, more serious losses will yet occur. The owner of Palmerston, who has lately erected an excellent residence for his family on his purchased land, had a narrow escape from learning that the whole of his expense had been of no avail. The fires extended from the ranges across the roads and into the pad- dock in which his new residence and offices had been erected. Grubbing had been going on for some months, and much fallen timber was lying about. This was like matchwood, and quickly ignited. The overseer and the men about the station worked hard to prevent the fire extending to the fencing around the garden and house. A good neighbor, Mr. M. O'Donnell, of Merriang, having from his re- sidence across the river perceived that his neighbor's place was endangered, took with him as many of his men as he could, and came to the aid of Mr. Finnie's men. Their united efforts succeeded in keeping the flames from catching the house, fence, and buildings. The fire baffled in that direction, spread towards the river and up the spurs of the hills. It afforded a very beautiful sight as I was travel- ling to Myrtleford on the night of the 30th ult., but however beautiful to view, I could not but regret the destruction of property likely to ensue from such extensive fires. I was glad to learn that many residents of Myrtleford started for the scene of the fire, and gave their assistance to prevent its ex- tension. Owing to a spark catching the roof of the forge of Mr. Thomas Barton, black- smith, of Myrtleford, on Wednesday last, a serious damage was done to the forge, the roof having been completely destroyed. Had there not been plenty of willing hands, greater damage would have been occasioned. The potato crop about this district is, I regret to say, very deficient. The other crops are light. TROTTING MATCH. — A trotting match be- tween Mr. George Phillipson's Lady Boon and Mr. Alexander Tone's Creamy, for £25 a-side, took place on the Wangaratta Racecourse on Thursday last. They both kept together for about 200 yards, when Lady Boon forged ahead, winning the match easily. Mr. James Dixon, junior, rode Lady Boon, and Mr. Alex. Tone, junior, Creamy. The match created considerable interest, and it is said that a con- siderable sum of money changed hands. MR. E. G. NETHERCOTT. — We are happy to see that this gentleman is again coming to the front in this district. He advertises him- self as a general agent, for the transaction of business as to houses and lands. Also as a confidential agent, for which he is more than ordinarily well fitted, knowing nearly as much as any man in the district about people's affairs, and never acting unkindly. There is we think a splendid opening for a man like Mr. Nethercott in this district, especially as he undertakes to look after the business of the settlers, who have been hitherto too much abused. BRIGHT WARDEN'S COURT.— On January 30th, before Mr. R. McNiece, the following cases were dealt with : — Warr v. Barker. This was an application by Fred. Warr to be put in possession of race at Eurobin owned by Fred. Barker. Both parties appeared, and as Barker stated that he was willing to give possession to Warr, it was accordingly granted. Osborne v. Holskin. This was an application by Edward Osborne for a lease of a portion of ground on the Ovens River, at Freeburgh, for the purpose of alluvial mining. The granting of the lease was opposed by George Holskin, and after the evidence for both sides had been taken, the warden stated that he would for- ward it, together with the application and all documents put in, and his report thereon, to the Hon. Minister of Mines for his decision, both parties to peruse his report before being transmitted. An application by Francis Hood and John Coutts was made for lease of ground at Growler's Creek for quartz mining pur- poses. There being no opposition, the warden ; stated that he would recommend the granting of the lease. Pan Look and others v. Har- rington. This was a case which the parties on both sides arranged should be heard at Bright instead of the Buckland, but as neither side put in an appearance, it could not be gone into, and the warden stated that he would hear it at the Buckland on the 8th : proximo, that being the day to which it had been adjourned by the late warden, Mr. Pitcairn. LAND AT MOYHU. — On Thursday, 14th inst., Messrs. J. H. Gray and Co. and Alexander Tone will sell 12,000 acres of the choicest land in this part of the country, known as Glass's Moyhu lands, situate in the parishes of Moyhu, Greta, Laceby, and Myrrhee. The soil of many of the blocks is rich and fer- tile, and all are well-watered. The sale will take place at Murdoch's Commercial Hotel, Wangaratta, and the lands will be offered upon liberal terms, in lots to suit purchasers. LUNAR OBSERVATION, BEECHWORTH HANDI- CAP. — Mr. Wm. Wilson, of Wangaratta, has requested us to state that owing to the neglect of some agents not forwarding returns, the drawing has been postponed to this evening, when it will take place at the Royal Hotel, Wangaratta. MAGISTERIAL ENQUIRY. — Yesterday a magis- terial enquiry was held at the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum by Mr. R. Perry, J. P., on the body of William Russell, who was admitted from Chiltern on the 3rd January, suffering from dropsy and dementia. Deceased died at 3. 30 a.m. on Thursday, and in accordance with the evidence of Dr. Golden, it was found that death resulted from disease of the brain and kidneys. Russell was well known in Chiltern, where he has resided for many years. POLICE SALARIES. — It is notified in the Police Gazette that a superanruation deduc- tion, at the rate of 2½ per cent., will be made from all police salaries and wages during the year 1878. DROWNED IN THE MURRAY.— A magisterial inquiry was held at Wahgunyah on the 30th ult. by Mr. J. D. Law, J.P., on the body of a boy named Will Rusp, son of Mr. Rusp, of that town, who was accidentally drowned in the River Murray, and a verdict returned accordingly. SADDLERY. — We notice that Mr. David Haig, saddler and harness maker, of Beech- worth, has removed from his late shop, to the premises in Ford Street recently occupied by Mr. W. Carew, boot and shoe maker, and adjoining Sengelmann's furniture warehouse, where he will be glad to execute all orders entrusted to him. VALENTINE'S. — Now that the festival of St. Valentine is approaching — the festival sacred to the interchange of love tokens amongst the young, which boys and girls look so eagerly forward to — we may remind all who desire to procure tasteful valentines that Mrs. De Jacques, of Camp Street, Beechworth, has just received a large and varied stock, and invites a visit. POLICE FORAGE. — Tenders are invited by the New South Wales Government for fur- nishing maize, oats, hay, bran, and straw, for the police stations at Moulamein, Moama, Jerilderie, Albury, Corowa, Wagga Wagga, Howlong, and other places, which must be sent in to the Treasury, Sydney, before noon of the 26th February. Full particulars appear elsewhere. OVENS BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. — An assis- tant wardsman is required for this institution — wages, £50 a-year. All applications must be sent in by 4 o'clock, p.m., next Wed- nesday. BENALLA RACES. — The following are the nominations for the Benalla Handicap : — Hannah, Emma Darling, Jokes, Ceyx, Robin Hood, Larrikin, Nellie Darling, Fairy King and Stopwatch. SWIMMING RACES.— The following is the handicap for the 440 yards race to be com- peted for at the Beechworth swimming baths this afternoon, when we hope to see a large attendance : — C. Brett, scratch ; F. Brett, 20 yards ; A. Pretty, 30 yards ; E. Moore, 45 yards ; L.Thompson, 45 yards ; A. Newson, 50 yards ; W Taylor, 60 yards. Music. — Mr. D. R. Palmer, well known in these parts as an accomplished musician, announces that he is prepared to tune all kinds of musical instruments, and to provide bands for concerts, balls, or any public or private gatherings. REV. R. K. EWING. — This gentleman's subject to-morrow afternoon and evening will be " The Apportioning of Reward at the Second Advent." RECEIVED. — We have to acknowledge the receipt of a capital and useful little book compiled by Marcus Clarke, for the use of State Schools, being a well-written, interesting history of Australia, of which more anon. Also, the "Australian Journal " for the current month, which is as good as any of its prede- cessors. BEECHWORTH RACE BOOTHS. — To-day, at 12 o'clock noon, Messrs J. H. Oray and Co. will offer the whole of the race booths, stand, &c.;, for the forthcoming, annual race meeting for sale ; and we should be inclined to say, in spite of the people who perpetually growl, that the prices will exceed all expectations. There is this to be considered : People from Benalla, Wangaratta, and Wodonga and Albury, have already, with the cheap fares, determined to give Beechworth a visit, not only for the love of sport, but also to see the City on the Hills, and to breath the air for once in that locality. As to sporting men, they already know what they have to expect ; and as neither of the handicaps are by a long way a gift to Coquette, as was at first sup- posed, we are certain to have close contests for both these events. The Eclipse To-Day. — The very remark- able, although not total eclipse of the sun, which takes place this evening, will commence immediately after six o'clock, and the greatest observation will be a few minutes after or just before sundown. The darkness would, of course, be far more remarkable if the eclipse took place near mid-day, but its suddenness will be sufficiently perceptible. The smoke from the bush fires, as well as the low position of the sun at the time, will render all artificial means of deadening the sun's brightness un- necessary. THE POUNDS QUESTION. — It will be seen from our report of the proceedings of the Beechworth United Shire Council yesterday, that the settlement of the pounds question is as far off as ever. Cr. Warner's notice of motion was withdrawn, and Cr. Lyon's notice was refused with what we must pronounce to be very scant courtesy by the President. In point of fact, the President, instead of being a kind of arbiter in the question, he showed a very decided hand on the side of a few men who pull the strings. If it were left to an election to-morrow, the " dark " party would not have a shadow of a chance. OVENS DISTRICT HOSPITAL. — On Thursday the tender of Mr. J. Kyle for the putting up new range, painting, constructing new venti- lators, and other works in the kitchen of the institution, was accepted, the amount being £53. The new range cost £60. THE WEATHER. — For thirty-two days with- out a break, the weather in this district has been intensely sultry, in fact, no resident can recall such a long spell of excessive heat. Day after day the sun has poured down its rays, and the heat has been severely felt. Bush fires are raging all round, filling the at- mosphere with smoke and intensifying the heat. During the past week in Beechworth, the thermometer has registered from l00deg. to 106deg. in the shade, whilst in the low- lying country it has been as high as 112deg., and there are little signs of a change. RACING. — In our advertising columns, the particulars of the coming races at Bethanga and Whorouley are to be found. A SAD MISTAKE. — The adventures of Mr Samuel Pickwick in a lady's bedroom, which in the dark he had mistaken for his own, had something like a practical repetition a short time since at Toorak. A large party of both sexes had assembled to celebrate the Christ- mas festivities. One young lady, who pos- sessed a keen relish for practical jokes, determined quietly on enacting the part of the ghost. Seeing an opportunity, when good nights were being exchanged, my fair friend slipped away to her own room, and after dis- robing herself, and assuming the robe de nuit, betook herself to a neighbouring room, in which she anticipated another fair damsel would be located. Pending the anticipated arrival concealment was sought beneath the bed. Judge of the damsel's horror when, after some quarter of an hour's waiting, a creature in whiskers appeared, with his bed candle, evidently intent on passing the night in the chamber. The horrors endured by the damsel under the bed may be understood. After four hours' confinement she managed to creep out and regain her own room, tremb- ling for fear the creature should awake. This is no romance, and the lesson has had, I'm glad to say, rather a quieting effect. 