' otoRFlRS'r, LODGING. ' • IKt/TJTO '' P AMS—tJATj IL • 'The Old Manor-|ibusé^-of which my! wife ijànd sinysfelf, with our little hand- ' maiden, were now sole inhabitants—coiild never, I should Bay, have been a very cheerful place of residence, even at its best. It had been built during the later .years of Henry VI1L, and at a,time when ~ security was more valued by the constructer of a dwelling than the prospect fjromltlie wjnd^^s. • The, casements,^accordingly, were narrow, the walls thick, and the house was flanked by two ungainly... turrets, "pierced with arrow slits, whence " fire might be openéd on an iintrusive enemy, and which still peered grimly out, like murderous- eyes, -from the screen of rank ivy that grew nearly to the eaves of the roof.-From the'body of : the house, however, the ivy had been stripped away, ,., and the masonry .was in. much, sounder" ' condition than' that of thé turrets', wliich , were ..crumbling piecemeal to ruin; but - the 'discolored stonfes' were, stained with damp and weather,' atid mottled here ahd there .with patches of oUve-tinted ntóss anil broWn'lichén. The roof, wliieh had been, covered' with 'lead in old days, was now a ' composite' patch-work of dull' blue and 'dusky. red,• since' tlife.lead hàdHîèen torn , offand. sold at the'same tim.evrMch witnessed 1 the felling of the trees in the dinglé hard '"by ; ! ànd thé new roof wak a sorry substituted' put.iip according 'to contract by some country builder;who bad used' such' ipatèriàls as came the Readiest to hand, slates and ; tiles indiscriminately. The windows were small-paned, deép'of frame, and extravagantly lofty in propor- - tion to their,width. • ' .•" • Ï " 'l Within, the old house was spacious, , and in sufficiently good! repair ; to render it habitable ; but the interior.amply redeemed the promise afforded by the stern and; storm-beaten outside. -There was,a staircase fit, for giants to ascend by, .built of massive black oak, and with a carved j balustrade .to it, that, l am certain, would have • gone far towards ; paying the last owner's play- debts, had but Wardor-street flourished when my uncle was a satellite " of-the First Gentleman in Europe. There were ghostly corridors leading apparently to nowhere, and aggravating doors that- • seemed to have been set up for no purpose" but to bang and slam, and awaken a train of -sullen echoes when the shrieking wind swept through the desolate old mansion. There were nests of square little rooms, too small for modern comfort ; and a few large apartments with cavernous chimneys,' and fireplaces that would have consumed ' ' more fuel in a week than we could have paid for in a winter, and walls pannelled ; with dark wood, that to all intents arid purposes extinguished our poor little pair of candles directly we. lighted them, so ' feebly did the Weak glimmer' irradiate their polished blackness. The, house w&3 , damp in • some .parts, draughty in' others, and there hung about its ancient timbers the peculiar smell of the dry-rot that .was o gradually eating into the sturdy timbers.,. ™ Yet, when all this was said, there were merits in the old place,' łmd we should*' have been absurdly ungrateful if we had, ; not admitted that they'overbalanced the . ; drawbacks which!have catalogued.. After all, the house was cheap, roomy, and in a healthy situation. It had a magnificent view, from the upper windows at anyrate, of the sea ; a contingent advantage, of -, which I-am sure its architect, born in the : pre-sentimental epoch, and regarding the ocean as a quantity of dirty water, too salt to drink, but good for floating ships, never dreamed. We were both capital walkers, and Shingleseà was little' more than three miles off. .It was the. warm, sunny season of the year, when something of a picnic flavor seemed to be imparted to our new : ; mode of life by the picturesque nature of the surroundings, the bold moorland outline all ablaze with blossomed heather, the .great sycamores with their hollow boles and spreading boughs, the nut-grove, and the wilderness of a garden. There was. another merit in our abode, too, which Carry, with the characteristic prudence of her sex did not fail to point out to my duller masculine understanding. It would be, she declared exultantly, such a famous place wherein to economise and. to make both ends meet. Here was no hungry-eyed and harpy-clawed landlady, such as even the lodging-hôùsës'of Shinglesea, prinitive as it was, not seldom contained, with three growing children and .a. slipshod drudge of all work to maintain bye poaéîiing qn our tea-ćaddy and 'tressp/as?-- ing'on our cold mutton. - Here were ńó - 'followers,' no idlè cousins or casual: droppers-in to distract the attention or undermine the steadiness of demure little ( Jane "in her ;; whitb apron and neat cap.;'/ Here, too, we were free from that obligation, which.li^s oń ąll feminine denizens pf, ite so genteel à watering place as Shinglesea, to bé 'dressed' at all times and seasons', in expectation of visitors. NoW| at Wilton, on the wet days—and there is a good deàl of rain sometimes in Devonshire — we could expect no callers,-and an old shooting jacket would pass muster, and k'plain gown suffice. So my dear little wife, with infinite importance ànd gravWy, brought bût • her • new -account - books,diily ruled and labelled, as if for thé use of b'domestic Chancellor of theExchequer ;'and the slim volumes bound in -yet unsullied red, in which butcher and'grocer, and baker -Were to enter their ^commercial 1 hieroglyphics ; and'the printed oracles from which she Was to learn—'Oh, all about cookery, since you : know you (men) are so very particular as to your dinner and à storé of : manuscript recipes from the maternal treasury, and in fact, began to play at housekeeping in a very : pretty earnest -way that it was pleasant to watch. ' '-. The day "was fine, and the next, and the next, and we passed them very agreeably. Several parties of friends came up from Shinglesea to.see us—the DawkitiB family, of course," and sundry intimate acquaintances, and there was much laughing, and many-scrambling explorations of the old house and'the ruinous stabling and outbuildings ; and we drank tea out of doors, a large company of us, in and around a tumble-down summer-house, buried in a tangle of sweet-smelling creepers, and all went merrily on. Nobody spoke of the evil repute of the place, save in a blythe and mocking manner, and the fact that we were encamped, as it were, in a haunted house merely gave a zest to life and its enjoyments. Then Sir Buckram Grogram and Lady Grogram, in a yellow chariot, drove solemnly over from the Hall to call upon "us. ' He felt it was a compliment that was only due,' the ex-civic dignitary was good enough to say, ' to the representative of the olii family.' And Lady Grogram said aloud that we were two courageous young people, to disregard the nonsensical stories that had kept the old house hitherto tenantless—stories in which Bbe, Lady Grogram, had never of course put any sort of faith. But she rather stàrtled Carry by whispering to her unexpectedly : ' Then you haven't heard anything yet, toy déar V and looking disappointed when the answer was in the negative. The more we saw of the old house, the more convinced we were that we had chosen wisely in renting it. There were disagreeables to contend with at first ; but it -was juśt the kind of place in which, with a little forethought and contrivance, one might make one's self exceedingly comfortable. There was a handy man, a wheelwright by trade, at the'village of "Wilton-le-street, little more than a mile away ; and this man—who was a kind of cross between smith and carpenter, and would have been invaluable to settlers in a hew-countty,—fell to work for us with hearty good-will, nailing list--round the edg'es of ill- fitting doors, conquering rebellious window sashes, hanging bells, and curing the kitchen chimney of a chronic tendency to smoke. A cheap light-tinted paper—so the upholsterer assured us—would lighten up our sittingroom, so that a moderator-lamp would appear a positive illumination, whereas the gloomy panels of dark oak had a provoking power of absorbing every ray into their shimmering blackness ; and a stove here, a grate of modern shape there, and a few yards of drugget or of matting worked a wonderful change for the better. \- - Well, however, as we were disposed to like, our quarters, there' was one circumstance connected with them which could agreeably have been dispensed with, and this was the evident inquisitiveness of our neighbors, .as well as the Shinglesea folks, as to whether we bad begun to be disturbed Jjy jthose unearthly fellow-lodgers, whose contiguity had proved so insupportable ;to former occupants. Jenkins, the wheelriglit, as ji 0 whistled at his w;ork, 'made bold', fó, enquire 'had we seen 'anything yet out of the common.' Certainly not, jie was told. 'Nor yet heard nothing V Nothing at all, was again the answer ; and Jenkins shook bis head with a little , sigh pf disappointment, ID.UŁ was sure to renew the • query, in' different words, on the morrow, and appeared always particularly anxious to get him&elf; and his little wallet of tools safe out of the bouse, and across the darkling dińgle, before the sunlight bad entirely died away. So with the hedger, who came to mend the gaps through which the cows had hitherto found too easy access ix> thé ruined garden. So with, the dairymaid ifrom the f arm whence came our. milk. So, too, with such other pf the villagers as ,came to the house on any errand, one and all of whom -seemed to be greedy for news of our experiences, and almost- angry with us for having nothing supernatural to relate.. • This was tiresome.. We laughed at it, but we should havebeen better pleased not to have been regarded as we obviously were, as the subjects .of a novel experiment on the forbearance of the ghostly tenants of the Old Manor-house. • But if Carry and I could contrive to laugh at the superstitious fancies of the rustics .around us, to our solitary domestic, little Jane, the atmosphere of weird imaginings that clung to the dilapidated mansion was no jesting matter. She looked; very gravé, and^be£anto acquire a disturbing habit of suddenly turning her heąd, as if tp see if someone or something were close behind her as she went about hęrr ^household, cares ; also, she was constantly entering the drawing-room on frivolous pretexts, and I noticed that she loitered and dawdled over her up- stairs' work—spinning out her duties, as it were, to the utmost possible limits, and taxing her ingenuity to find some excuse for lingering long in the inhabited portion of the house, away from the big dismal kitchen and the disused pantry, and the great echoing vault that had once been the servants'hall. Plainly, the establishment was -getting discontented and uneasy "at the mere rumor, bf what every one, from the village waslierwomanto Lady Grogram, had chosen to anticipate as our inevitable doom. The .fourth night came. With.it, too, came a-change of weather. Heavy blurred masses of vapour began, towards sunset, to gather threateningly about the bare bluff rocks, locally blown as Tors, that dotted the highest points of the lofty moorland range ; and presently the wind began .to shriek, and the cloud-wrack to cover the whole sky ; and before Icing,: what with lashing rain, and whatwith howling wind, the storm waxed furious, and every rusty weathercock and crazy chimneystack on the house groaned and creaked alarmingly. The windows, which were of all patterns,—from the middleaged casement of . diamond panes, with one little glazed wicked, meant to be opened in fine weather, down to. the weighty sash frame, which found favor when George III. was a young sovereign — rattled : portentously. All manner of unsuspected doors, lurking in obscure passages and out-of-the-way nooks, banged and thumped at irregular intervals. The gale screamed around the gables, sobbed and moaned among the hug;e sycamores, and plunged, roaring hoarsely, through the corridors, rarely trodden by human feet, that led to the servants' part of the house. In all this din' and turmoil, however, there was nothing abnormal. The wood-work of the decaying mansion unquestionably did complain and give out strange noises, as do the timbers of a laboring ship, but there was nothing in this for the most captious person to object to. An old house, large, in imperfect repair, and with nine-tenths of it unused, will naturally on a stormy night, emit odd sounds suggestive of a duet between the fog- trumpet and the iEolian harp, with an occasional 'staccato effect, as of a deep drum struck by a giant hand. There was nothing in.all this to cause apprehension, and yet somehow, we went to bed a good deal later than our usual hour, and were not in a very cheerful state of mind. To. retire to -rest, however,. as the phrase run, is sometimes easier than to get- any ; and as my unquiet head rolled to and fro upon my pillow, I came gradually .to consider sleep as a luxury hopelessly inaccessible. Mythoughtsstrayedfrom one subject to another, in that apparently capricious manner in which the mind will now and then travel, like some one lost in a labyrinth, and winding to and fro, at random. Old Harrow friendships and rivalries, boyish sorrows and urchin sports, summei trips in mountain districts of Wales, Bretagne, Switzerland, blended unreasonably with a mental picture of Uncle George's death-bed—of the frantic efforts to speak, the agonised despair when speech proved impossible—that had been so often described to me two years ago. They blended, too, with old stories, long forgotten, of dread sights seen and dread sounds' heard, at dead of night, in spots not very unlike the quaint dwelling which we two young people now called our home. How the wind howled, till fancy could conceive its swelling notes to issue from the throats of hungry wolves, as they leaped and scratched, scenting blood, around some emigrant's poor hut, far off in a wilderness ! "What an unearthly Bcreech was that! harsh, near, and terrible! and yet a moment's reflection told me that .it was but made by the swaying branch of the great sycamore tree outside—a branch that was cracked already, and that , I knew, by the white Beams across the rotting bark, must soon be torn off and come crashing to the ground, flow the window rattles ! Surely some strong hand without must be shaking it in fierce impatience. The noise is deafening for a minute or- two,- but anon it grows loss audible, sinks to a dull monotone, and 1 listen, and listen, and finally fall asleep. What was that ! I start up, broad awake m a moment, as it seems to me, but Carry has been the fiist to wake. There she stands, with a candle, hurriedly lighted, in her hand, and by the wavering light I notice that she is very pale and trembling. Now, Carry is by no means a coward, can ride a kicking pony as well as well as any girl in Devonshire, and was not a bit afraid when once, in our walks, we were, chased half-way across a meadow by a big bull. Therefore, to see'her alarm produces.more effect on me than if my wife were the sort ; of young lady who is -scared if a mouse peeps out from its hole iu the wainscot. • 'Charles, dear, didn't you hear it ?' said Carry eagerly. I listened. No. There was nothing to hear, save only the creaking of the trees, the clatter of the windows, and the roar of the storm. ' It has left off, but it was very plain to be heard, just now,' said my wife. Again I hearkened, but there was nothing audible between the wind and the rattling casements. I could not help yawning 'Better go to sleep, love,'I said mcreduously. We shall get used to the old place m time, I daresay, and not care for a g ale ; but this is a' rough apprenticeship. Jenkins must look to UndedWijl(i0WS) and laughedr° Wh0 •J J™ 8 }* wel1 for the noise Which interrupted my common sense explanation of the dm prevailing in the Old Manorhouse was such jw no wind in all the caves 0 ,0, could "be warranted to make. ^ugh, and such a .laugh ! No mirthful f",' n , 0t even th * senseless drunkenness, but a harsh, S^ a U g h 8Uc ' I ï as a cora Pany of demons might be supposed to shout forth in hellish exultation over some lost soul-a laugh that froze the blood of those that listened The silence that followed was almost as shocking as the sound with which my ears were still tingling. Then came a long-drawn whining cry like that of a hound m pain ; and then again there was nothing beyond the harsh creaking of the sycamore, and the ceaseless dirge of the melancholy wind. A minute, two minutes, three-I know the exact lapse of time, because by the light of the candle which iny wife held I could see the dial of the watch by my bedside, and I found myself, with the half-conscious gravity which we all are apt to bring at moments ot bewilderment to some trivial subject of observation, heedf ully marking the slender second hand as it jerked from one figure r Und tŁe edge of its tiny ° orbit What was that? A loud metallic clang, brusquely repeated again and again and minghng with other and fainter sounds d not trnu distinguish so clearly. Thus will never do !' I exclaimed, as I hurriedly threw on some of my clothes, and lighted another candle at the flame of the one which was still in Carry's trembling hand. 'Some evil-disposed persons must be breaking in, below there.' And, disregarding my wife's entreaties that 1 should stay where I was, and not Tgsh uselessly into danger, I snatched up the only apology for a weapon which I could see at the moment, and .which was the_ but-end of a stout fishing-rod, with a broad bladed spear screwed into the brass-bound hickory, and went out to reconnoitre. In the passage and on the landing-place, the noise was more plainly to be heard than in the room I had. left, and it was manifest, too, that the sounds ascended from the lower part of the house. There was a trampling of feet, a hoarse clamour as of smothered voices, and, clearer than all, the clash and clang of metal violently brought into collision. I ran down the great oak staircase, Carry following me as far as the landing, and still imploring me to be prudent. But the noise was now so terrific; that I hardly heard her voice. As I descended the stairs, I could have sworn that a fierce combat was going on below.j, There was a roar of confused half-articulate sounds, that appeared more like stifled threats, and savage curses, and cries for aid, mingled in one hideous chorus, than anything eke, and yet I could not distinguish a single word. It was only the intonation that could give me the least inkling of what was going on, while mixed with these vocal sounds were those of booted feet stamping hard on a wooden floor or on a stone pavement] probably the latter, for I was sure that I heard the peculiar ring of spur-rowels on the bare flags, and, sharper still, the clash of swords.' Yes ; . swords alone, surely, could produce that quiet strident clatter, not to be confounded fora moment with the clink of a housebreaker's crowbar, or the rasping of a file. There was not much time for consideration, and I ran across the great gloomy entrance-hall towards the low-, browed entrance of a paspage, from which these startling sounds apparently issued. There was an oaken door with heavy nails studding it that served to shut off this part of the house, the western wing, from the. habitable portion, and this arched door was slowly flapping to and fro in the night-wind (being ajar), like the wing of some_ dying bird of prey, impatiently I tore it open, and aB I did so, something flew in my face, something hard, and. haiiy, ańd leathery all at once, eluding my grasp ąs I instinctively snatched at it, leting fall my candle as I did do. It was but a bat, as 1 knew when I recognised its low whistling cry a moment later; but my candle had been extinguished in its fall, and there I was in the dark. Almost at the same instant the swords ceased to clash, and 'theie was a short interval of silence. ' I hare said that thé silence which ensued WM but ipf short duration, but to me itąeemed very long—minutés,.hours, of tedious, expectancy, so very r different does Time keep step, under varying cir-. ou instances'. There Vas an agony of waiting, and then came s long, wild, horrible scream, from a woman's voice, it seemed to me that rang through the Old Mańor-hęuse from garret to cellar—such a scream as it would have been painful to hearken to at any time, but that, amidst those grim surroundings, and at that late hour in a lonely place, seemed to pierce the very marrow of my bones, and to make my hai r bristle with horror. For a moment I stood as if my feet were glued to the mildewed stones of the pavement, but in the next 1 had dashed across the entrance-hall and up the stairs, in so blind and senseless a panic, that I fancied I was pursued, though by what I knew not and imagined a fleshless hand ready to clutch me as I fled. 1 found my wife half-famting, at the top of the broad staircase. I suppose I looked ghastly enough, for at the sight of me Carry shrieked, and her shrieks were echoed by the voice of Jane, our little servant, from the floor above. • These sounds of human distress recalled to me something like presence of mind, and somehow, I scarcely remember by what arguments, I reassured Cariy in some degree, the more easily, perhapB, that the the extraordinary noises below now stopped as abruptly as they had begun, and that only the wind and the groaning trees combined to break the silence. The disturbances did not recur, but there was little rest for any one in the Old Manor-house during the remaining hours of darkness. My wife was dreadfully agitated, and in her feminine logic she contrived so ingeniously to mix "P'burglars with goblins, that it was diincult to re-assure her. The more clearly I pointed out the absurdity o£ supposing that Bill Sykes and his amiable bro'herhood would proclaim their felonious entry uito a house by so infernal a clamour, and the more Contempt I expressed for the vulgar belief in ghosts, the more Carry shuddered, and the more she clung to me with fond loving prayers and tears, in her anxiety to prevent me from returning to those lower regions whence the frightful din had obviously proceeded. I could not quite make out what it was that my wife feared on my behalf, and I do not think her ideas on the subject were remarkable for coherence ; but I was obliged to renounce my design of going down to explore the ground-floor of the western wing before day-dawn. And this was some sacrifice, for an Englishman never likes to look ridiculous, even in Mb own eyes, and I was sensitive to the idea that, in my panic-stricken flight from something (or nothing) below stairs, I had compromised the dignity of an educated man of the enlightened nineteenth cèntuiy. All the histories 'I had read in my childhood, histories with à wholesome moral, that proved ghost- seers and ghostfearers to be dupes and gulls, rose up before me, and pointed the finger of deserved scorn at'my pusillanimity. Why had I been so weakly credulous as to'turn and bolt from the invisible/probably an imaginary peril, fronra noise that I could not account for? Was I, at six-tadtwenty, ' no braver than the child that o.-ies because it finds itself alone in the dark. There always is—BO I argued with myself—a rational explanation of alarming phenomena, if we can but have the patience to find it ; and I gare : up. my wish, and with it à good deal of my selfrespect, when I found myself cbmpelled to promisé 1 Carry that I would wait for daylight before I ventured into the uninhabited west wing. Then Jane had to be attended to. That small handmaiden had given no sign of hearing the horrid noise until-she heard the voice of her mistreBB, and then she made up for lost time by setting up i series of squeals such as I thought nothing but a pig under the butcher's knife ; could have perpetrated, and which grew all the more vehement as the silence down-stairs became a ' confirmed fact; Then she proved to have locked herself into her attic, and all Carry's, persuasions could not induce her to open the door, behind which she remained sobbing and moaning, in utter defiance of all womanly blandishments, as well as of—when these were tried — all assertions of -lawful' domestic authority. A miserable night it was ; and when morning came, it shewed us as two heavy-eyèd, pale-cheekèd . faces as need be, before the queer old mirrors in their black frames. Fortunately, ań ; August night'is not a very long onè ; andwhen there was plenty of light, poufuigin through the windows, I held myself quit of my promise, and went down to examine the scene of the nocturnal turmoil. . - I. found nothing. There was the desolate west wing as .when ! had strolled' through it when shewing our Shingleae* friends over our new.dwelling,,the bare rooms, all cobwebs, dust,. damp, ànd' crumpled plaster, but without a perceptible trące of occupation. As for a burglary there were no more signs óf such an enterprise commenced or carried out than if the wretchedness of the past jaight had been a mere dream. The, windows, and shutters, and dpors were secjdre ; the fastenings had. not been tampered with. There were no fóot-marks in the moist earth of the garden, or in the rain-softened gravel of the newly rolled carriage-drive. I walked round the house ón purpose to ascertain if any such tell-tale:prints did in effect exist, and I thought myself rather clever for doing so. But I had my trouble for nothing ; never a trace could I discover. (To be continued.) 