MONDAY, SEW"TlM'Ii3mt 2s:, 1878. A SUIFE'I' of unchlckcd power is pre Iplaring the Burry Ministry for their political cofiln, andl it will boe i aIu$s picious day for the colony when the mortuary oflico has to be performed. \Ve do not deny that their r' icgiu hlai heon a gracious on1o for 1e(1r1son1 of thU Micawbur and Guppy species, for fic tory oweII, Uand for the sacrcd causo of protection. They boast of being identified with none of the permanent intercsts of the country, and by their tctions and the fruits of their policy we know that they are speaking the gospel truthi. A little longer, and wvo 5hall see shoals of those who once ware the most ardent worshippers of this Fetish of liberanism-wemean itle selectors- driven in desperation to the Insolvent Court. ,Mr Longmore will not relax the stringency of his insane regulation restricting the borrowing powers of lessees one iota, and works himself into a delirious state of fury when told of the disaster and mischief that lie has wrought. Theo.,hon. gentleman, like other people .who are conscious of being in a muddle, is wofully inconsistent. In his reply, to the deputation of land selectors from St. Arnaud last Thurs day-his chief being present-lihe says, first, that the banks can lend no more money, on account of the large amounts lately invested in Riverina; and, lastly, that the banks, by the attitude they had assumed, had attempted to destroy the Ministry. One statement clearly neutralises the other I The deputation, a representative one, had told Mr Berry in plain. language of the injury that was being done to their class, by his colleague's treating them uniformly as either rogues or idiots. They believed the regulation to be ultra vires, and wanted it abolished. The strongest evidence was tendered that selectors would be unable to harvest their crops consequent on being unable to obtain temporary advances, banks and money lenders refusing to do business while these restrictions are hanging to the leases. With a siniplicity almost childish, Mr Berry argued that "the limiting the extent of berrowing' on *the leases increased tie pi'obability of the money advanced beiing' pnil back." He. also indulged in a tirade against the banks for refusing to take whlat he trulytermed a vitiated security. Both .the Chief Secretary and Mr Longmore found it convenient to forget that the leases can, under the new regulation, be assigned only after the consent of the department has been obh tained, and that in many instances one of which we furnished a few days since-the Minister has unreasonably refused to allow a selector to receive assistanco from his neighbour on the lease security. The deputation was put off vith' a shuffling answer, such air answer as would be made only 'by: ignorant mlen meddling with the deli cate machinery of public credit and private necessities, and had to be satis fied with the promise of a visit firoin the Lands autocrat. The only safety of the selectors now lies in unity and combination. While the iniquitous system remains in force under which the Land Act is subordinated to capri cious regulations, lessees of the Crown ought to act as one uman, and let the full weight of their influence be felt. That Mr Longmore is acting illegally, we have not the least doubt. It would be ludicrous, were it not exasperating, to read the constantly iterated pallia tion that his intentions are good, that lie means well, and that lie has an honest desire to serve the class whom lie is ruining. The same plea may be urged on behalf of nmany indivi duals who have set themselves up above the law, and who have been compelled to cool their heels in a cell. As Mr David Gauuson formulated the duty ,of a Minister, it is to abide by the law of the land. This regulation goes beyond the Act, and reduces the selectors to thie condition of Itussian serfs, while Mr Longmore exalts himself as their paternal boyard. It seems to matter nothing to him that a gross breach of faith is involved in his tyrannical regn lation ; that men who after three years' tenancy are entitled to apply for their Crown grants should be harassed and worried by restrictions when they wvant a little capital. MIr Longmore assumes the right of the veto, which lie regards as an abomination when exercised by the Legishitivo Council. As we have already hinted, the only course open to selectors at present is to unite and form a common fund for the purpose, if need be, of testing the Minister's authority in the Supreme Court. Mr Longmore has alienated the support of three fourths of his former admirers, but judging by his and NMr Berry's behaviour they have not the honesty or candour to acknowledge their error, but must needs sacrifico a whole class to their over weening vanity andl self love. If Mr Gauuson be as good as Ihis word lie will insist on this question being seriously debated without further delay. Even the great Plebiscitum Bill should be made to give way to a matter of such primary import, antl although we ever condemned stonewalling, we must con fess it would be a grim sort of retribu tive justice if the erstwhile champion of the stonewall were to give the People's Ministry ia taste of their own specilic in enforcement of the selectors' complaint. The annual races of South Gippsland will be held on let January. We understand that Mr II. MIoleasworth hais been retained for tile delfncc of George Jonas Johnson and P. P. Salith, charged respectively with iperjury and consspiracy toi defrautl. Accounts thr J. Cartledce, 'I'. Coto, ''T. Thompson, I. lWialshli, V. P'. Lawrcece, amd G. Cain aire at the snib-treasury ; siso lesers ider sec. 20 fo(r It. Vick tilhe elder, Stratford; and It. C. B3conisoo, Bow-wsor rung. 'The tender of Brodrick and Cupit for repairs to, thie Buln Iulnl post oetle has been accepted ill the sum of £94 14.' A branch of the Conmmercial Bank will be established at WVarragul on the hirst of hiext intllitb. Ilulb llun is the native iname of tile lyre bird, which we regret to learn are Ihelig destroyed wholesale in the lBrandy Creek dlistrict bIy persons calling them selves splortslmen. A youth in this town has had tile heoeI fortune to draw Ills Lordishlip in J. J. Miller's £1000o sweep fr the Meltsurne Cupii,. Ilis Lordship ewon the Sydnsey Derby writh ease, andl the chance colil doubtless be easily negotiated tor £3o or £40, should the Iortunate drawer prefer the " bird in the hand." Messrs Dal Caumpbcll aid Co. report hPsviig sold, ol accoiunt of the tuortgagee, tilhe hlon. J. G. Francis, the IBulchu Station, iiu thle North Gilppolaml sdistrict, together with the cattle, horses, workinig plant, purchased laIud, &c.;, to Messres Johl cUls aud Co., for the sum of £7,000 each. Mr Rainy, the well-known barrister of Sandhurst, has died. T'he price of bread at Bairnsdale has been reduced to 6d the 41b loat. It is intended to increase the land at tached to the Lake Tyers mission station by 2200 acres. Constable Finn, formerly stationed at Moe, dlied in Melbourne last week, whither he had removed on sick leave. Odd l'rick, a well-known thoroughbred of the highest blood, was offered by auc tion at Kirk's baz-tar last week and with. drawn, the bids only reaching £40. At the Police Court on Friday, before the Mayor and Mr Ross, J.P., Jnseph Maynard sued Alfred Birock for tile tres. pass of 21 head of cattle on his-selettionr. Damages were awarded' to the, extent of 1d per head and 2s 6d costs. Rumff v, Ah Pow, to recover £1: The 'bench' de cided that they had no jurisdiction. The fiancy dress ball given by;'the Mayor of Melbourne:last T'huisrday.nect pied .no less thanr from eight to nine columns of each-of--the-three-morning papers. Nnt.one-local celebrity appears tn the distingitised i.lst, >Mr. David Gaunson satirically appeared as a Reform Bill PlenipitentiarJy. ''he' most remark able tout ensemble appears-to have, been that of Mr'George Rignold; tliev'eminent actor, who looked to wonderful advantage as Henry V. ,, The Mechsnics'TInsltlute was well filled on Fridty evening.on the:occasion of the last exhibition' f Baclehlder's'American Pantisenpe. The 'prize for the best i:o?nn= drram on .Mormanism' wasr.wonr:by Mr Warwick ',Bllsett, being' hts'follnws: "Why was the late Briha6m Yoting 'like Mudie'e cash.store ? "?Iecaise he believed in small profitsi (prophe'ti) 'iiril :iicik cre turns." MrPuttick took the silver watch, and seveial other'desirable gifts were dis tributed.' The Minister of Mines accompantiedby Mr FP.L.'Smyth, Major Couchman, and Mr Mirams arrived in Sale from Walhalla on Saturday. 'They proceed to Melbourne by special train this morning.: Ati the banquet on Thursday evening last, poli tics were ignored. It would seem' that the visit of the Minister was purely' of ii. departmental nature, althonugh advantage was taken of his presence to bring up several matters relating to schools and mining leases. : SThe' application to register'tlie'North Gippsland Prospecting 3ompany appears in our advertising columns. Mr Bontde son, the promoter, with another experi enced man started on W\ednesday morning for WValhalla, with tile object ofthorotghly; exploring the ranges in that neighbour-; hood, and testing the auriferous character: by boring. We trust this spirited enter. prise marks the era of a new career. of prosperity in the mining fortunes of North: Gippsland. Aapiplication has been made to Government that ihe whole of the unalienated auriferous country at Walhalla and Donnelly's Creek he marked off for the guidance of prospecting parties. A special meeting ef the Rosedale Shire Council was to have been held on Satur. day, at 2 p.mn. The only members present were the President, Cra. Buntine, Stead man, Murren, Pedersen, and Christensen. One more being required to form a quorum, the meintbers present, after wait ilg some time, could do no business, and th ineeting lapsed, leaving the IHeyfield bridge matter as it stood. A letter from AMr District Surveyor Thbinpson was, however, read, which stated that the sur veys on Mr Tyson's IIeyfield property were " unreliable," and suggesting that a fresh survey should he applied for to de ter mine the site of the bridge. 'iThe Cun cil will communicate this to Meffra Shire, and apply to the department for thle re survey suggested by Mr Thompson. "At the Toongabhie police court oni Saturday, befoire A. IV. Ilowitt, Esq., P.\1., the fillowing cases were disposed of:--Reabel v. Jones, wages £26 Gs 8d. Defendant's daughter proved a set off of £13 4s, but plaintiff showed it to be £14 3s by his account-order for L11 :ls 8d and Gs costs: CunInIing v. D)rne, blacksmith's work £1 15s Gd. On the bench going throngh tile items of the account they were found to be beyond jurisdiction -struck ott; Rintoul v. (Hill, netlecting to erect a boundary fence. P'lintiff stated that lie had given defendant notice to fence, and had already erected his own portion of the boundary fence. Defen dant admitted thle notice and proposed to put tile fence lip at the rate of three chains a week. The hench made ano order for tile fence to be erected within a tmonth, costs 7s Gd, which complainanit asked the Clerk of the Court to hand to thie ospital ; A transfer of publican's license wasgrantted from Jas. Attwood of the Cowwoar hotel to Wtm. Allen. Thile disposal of a portion of the public cormlons is likely soon to occupy the at tention of the Minister of Lands. On 'hlursrday Mr M'Kenn presented a petition from the selectors on the towln commonln at Sale, asking that their selections should be licensed to theml under the nineteenth sec tion of tile Land Act, instead of tinder the forty-nintl section, so as to enable the rent to becaome part of thie purchase money. Mr Lillnlmiore said that tile selectors onI this comlmon had sccuplied their selections lifter they hald been valued and the anonunt of the valuatioll namned to each selector, and the rate was munch lower tllhan the value of the surrounding lands. Mr Condon, one of tile selectors, urged thait the fiivor should be graited, its the hold ings were smalls and selectors were very liable to lie flooded, as the ground was low aund swampy. Mhr Longnlittre said that lie intended considering ithe adviuabilily of havilg a large pitrtiolnl of the colmsmons tlhromlgbout tile clony surveyed and valued, wihen lie twould allow tshen to ite occulpiedc by deserving selectors, and lihe woultl then consilder tile ltetitiloners claisls antl conntunuicaie with Mlr l'tKleauu.-Age. A suiggestive itcideut occetrredtl while the Assenlbly wts cinsidtleriig the Liand departilent estimate. .MIr Service asked llr Longinore wlien tile nltortgage it tile oese olf J)wyer antI tile nliktl of Aus trtlnsia wsolld be illowed. It was tio hisve been effected a inalltlh ago. Mlr Long mnlOue's rcliy wiis that the huoll. genitlellllll menlitioted too iaket himit to dielay tlie nortoile, and lie hts dIIelyed accrllriigly. Mr Service sit dloiw lith theil relnark thtt for Mr Ivwycr ito seek delay was iolle of tlhe most oxtraordiary tlhings he hadl ever Ieard liof. MIr Mtnsn ruose to order antd to protect tile iInterests oil' Ilis friend, ill noi, fiurtlter exlltniation of thie iystery wilts given. 'lThe cullivntinion of thie ostriclh fellitlier indtustry, in a otiltable elinltate like thnt of South Alnstrtliiu, is tile tilject whlich lilts (nays the Argus) itiduced Uaptitin Wilson, ihr thirty years nsort cluitaili lit Clipe T'ow,, to cilltigrale is, Ad lcitde, wehore lie arrived bIy tile steaitship (tarotnne Inst wecrk. Ontricih Isrhintg hao prIved so sniceCIRis altl ind rolittble ii Soutihi Africa thot it is conitdered there will lie int great dilllenlty it establishing it in these colt Snies. Ciiptais WIillsan s broillghlt three i fine full.growi osliriches witll himt. A progress vote of £60,000 flur charitable purposes has passed the Assembly. I'he imputation cast ono Mr Francis by •Mr Bennett, a witness before the Land Commission, has been satisfactorily re futed. Sir John O'Shanassy's Bill to amend the law relating to education was read a first time In the Assembly on 'l'hursday, the second reading beini fixed for Thurs day next. 'Referring to the effect of the opening of the railway to Wagga, the Sydney Echo says ;-For the years 1876 and 1877 the number '6f had' of cattle sent by the Great Southern Railway averaged respec tively.1436 and 1482 per month, while for the first six months of 1878 the average per month'~as 8660 head;! The traffic in sheep shows a greater increase; the nnum ber per month fir the years 1876 and 1877 was respectively 7730 and 7420; the num ber per siiimth tifr the first six; imdnths of 1878 was 29,6490.- It was a,fortunate cir cumstance that the Railway Department obtained a. timely, supply of, additional trucks for the conveyance of .live stock to cope with this large demand, and, even as it was, the immense increase in the traffic, amounting.to nearly 400 per cent., must have taxed their:resources to the utmost. We have iee nastatemnent showing the effect of the recent reductions in the salaries of the teachers in the Ballarat district; 'lTherc are:35, head-teachers in all, who lose on an average £25 13s 3d each per annum;. Sixteenlose £7' Ts each, and 15 £45 Ss, while in two 'instances the Inss'ila£82 and £99 respectively. The 12 first- assistants lose on the average £26 5s, and 'the. four 'second-assistants £17 15s each, while the average loss sustained by th'ie w?rk-,mistresses lis £11:,18s 3d' per annum. 'Thlese 'sums are not 'cstimates, but are 'the'ictual' amounits, ascertained on the basis of'the salarlde 'paid for ,Tuly at the old rate and forAugust at the reduced rate.-- rgu. ; . . The Belfast 'Gazelle reports that a son of, Mr John Gibson, of.Leura, was 'riding the wellkridwn, hack. Mariner.n ',Friday last, anud was galloping down an incline at a.fast pace, when the pooranimal snddenly ' broke down," then-rider' .fortunately escaping injury. On examination, it was found that Mariner had dislocated the fet lock joints of 'both fore legs, and was stnii'dng on the stinps, the hoofs 'being quite limnip and useless, the tendons and muscles being torn apart and the bones disjointed. " Mr Gibson, gave orders 'for the h'orse to be shoi, and thus lplaced out of pain., iri'. S'The Melbourne correspondent of the Star writes:-One of the fitnniest stories in co'inecdtion with ':pirlnialisin which lias come to my knowlelge,struck my appre ciative consciousness the other day. Some time ;since a "ldy, ;the highly ,esteemed wife of one of our wealthiest merchants, died, and wvas buried with customary cele bration:'' According to the spiritists the disenihodiment 'of'this lady, which haunts "the fourth dimensiosn in space,"?is pos sessed' of a yearning desire to commulni cate with her husbanid and convert hin to the "terewth." She has accordingly communicated with a medium residing in a cottage on Collingwaod Flat, and pesters everybody who attends this medium's 'eances to convey her messages to her spouse, who may be designated by the initial "G."' The husband is, however, a scoffer at spiritualistic fancies, and if he is told of the circumstances will probably he greatly indignant at Ieing worried by them.' But what I want to' point out is that this raising of very immaterial ghosts is becoming i inuisance. There are plenty of huisbhams, aye, andl wives ton, who are too glad to get their defunct spouses under cover, and who even go to the additional expense of putting a good sized stone over them to. 'keep then quiet. ' Spiritual es. pionage of our most private actions is nositively indecent. and ought to be pro tested against. The oleaven is entering into all our relations, for I notice that even hard headed editors speak of death now as " peacefullly crossing the border." If this sort of persecutinn goes on married people will have to ignore this "fourth dimensinn," and petition the Legislature to make three statutory, as being quite enough for them. We know that a liberal Government can do anything. A tabular statement, showing tihe totals of the first valuation of the large estates under the Land 'lax Act, appears in tile Age. 'Tlhe estates brought under the statute comprise 6,879,070 acres. There are 004 separate classifications, and in mnany cases tihe i:tname of the same person is repeated as owner. The tax, therefore, will be paid by less than 000 people. 'T'he capital value of the land assessed is £14,398,:107. Fromt this will have to he deducted £1.977.500, leaving £12,420,807 as the basis of the tax. A tax levied at the rate of 1" per cent. will yield £155,260. The first half.year's revenue will 3)iehl, sthj.ect to reductions by appeal, £77,630. linBut flture subdivisions will largely redsice the slim derived. 'The following figures will show how the tax turns out under the four classes under which it has to be levied, after deducting exemptions proviled for by the act :-First class, 501,116 acres, value £1,609,464 ; second class, 1,348,012 acres, value £3,454,0:6 ; third class, :1,310,86i5 acres, value £5,877,230 : fourth class, 1,710,077 acres, value .£1,300,077. 'thus it will I?e seen that only a little over half a million acres have bIeen put into the first class; but in the third class, the greatest area and the largest basis of taxa tion. 'The fourth class is comparatively small in ares, while the extent of the second class land is nearly three titlces as large as tihe first class. 