[?] , DAIRYING FALLACIES. ! ' ; AIB IN CRIAH. Fob some time it was thought (and ohurns. to carry out the' prinoiple were introduced) that the passage of air into tho oream dur ing the process of ohurning promoted the separation of - the butter. This idea is now' exploded, and the ohurnB are found only in garrets. I allude to it merely to show, in the light of what will be hereafter stated, hOw' far awav ' from ' anv trnn pnnnnn+inn nf the facts the mindB of many must have been when snoh a theory could have had ourrenoy. ; WITCHES IS) THE^BEAH. t Not untrequently the 'correspondence columns of weekly journals oontain queries, headed, ' Why Don't the Butter Oome'7' or something equivalent, in whioh the writer detaila ' the' painful efforts nf hours, and even days, ovor a refraotory ohurnful of cream. : Most inexperienoed persons : meet' with this trouble; and not a fow, also, who have made a good deal of butter; and made it well,' when' all 'natural conditions wore; favourable. The -idea ' expressed by some' that the cre&m; was 'benitohed,' is the Ipat resort', theAorld over^for the siplana jtion of tlje nnMmprehend|d natural pheno mena. It' iB qfilySin tho ojaar whitSlightjof . Boienoo (knowledge) that the witoh b'epomos totally invisible. She and the ghost are always best Been in tho dark. TEMPERATURE IN SETTING.;.; As lately aB sovon or oight years ago it was tho universal teaohing that the proper temperature for Betting milk was in the vioinity of GOdeg. The best authorities agreed that, at a higher temperature, the milk would beoome sour beforo all the oream would oome to the Burface, while at a lower temperature it would never riBe at all. When the Swedish method of Betting in ioe water was first reported, it could hardly obtain serious notioe, so oontrary was it to received notions. Now, it has been abundantly demonstrated that cream swims to the surfrioe sooneBt in milk cooled nearly to its point of greatest density, or. about ?lOdeg. This is, in itself, a great advance— probably the greatest Binglo step that has been mado in butter-dairying, Xet it was not made by a profeBsor, but was blun dered upon in praotice. inE ' odbbent' theory. Some minds have a great' fondnesB for mystifying plain matters. If one should see a quantity of apples going over a wator fall, it would never ocour to him that, when thoso apples reaohed the still water bolow, it would be necessary to ' create currents' in tho pool before the fruit would float to the surface. Tho fact that apples are lighter than water would be considered a sufficient reason why they should float upon it ; and as it is a rule alike of philosophy and oommon Bense that when we have a perfeotly satis factory reason for any occurrence, it is folly to Boek for any other, we should never think of a ' current' theory. Having ocular evi dence that a ourient submerged tho apples, and that they came to the surfaoe where the ourrent abated, we Bhould bo satisfied. Now, the batter globule, though it is too small to bo seen by the naked eye, i^ to the milk in whioh it swims what the apples in tho case supposed were to the water. If we keep the milk in a state of agitation they do not rise ; if the milk is at rest, and 'jUBt in proportion as that rest is perfect, they swim to the top. Tho most rapid separation of oream takes , place in. that apparatus where the milk is quiokeBt reduced to |the proper temperature and moBt rigidly held there. Whenever you hear ono of these 'current?1 theorists hold ing forth, you will always find that he has a 'new patent-aetting-oan ' in the ante room, whioh he would like to show you. Remember the air-churns, and esohew him. IDE ANIMAL ODODH. That the best butter is now made from oream raised in olosed, and even in sub merged oans, is what the boys oall' 'a sticker' to those gentlemen who have long and loarnedly held forth upon the per nicious ' animal odour' in milk, whioh re quired the most careful ventilation to be rid of, and whioh absolutely ruined the flavour and keeping, quality of the butter when retained. Various ingenious ways of getting around the stubborn fact are resorted to. It is hard indeed, after having explained how thi8 odour' originates, what its ohemioal formula probably is, and how it looks or would look when isolated, to find it dis appear, all at onoe, like a will-o'-the- wisp. No doubt there are ' stinkB' in milk, but no doubt, also, they are got there from filthy bags and teats; filthy hands, foul air, and the like. Pure healthy milk haa nothing in it that needs to be removed by ventilation. Yentilate your cow atablea, keep your cows olean, give them good food and pure water, keep yourself and your sur roundings olean while handling the produot, from the udder to the butter-tub, and you will never be troubled with the ' animal odour.' Another ghoBt has been laid, another ' witoh' has disappeared. WASHING BUTTER. Abundant experiment haB ahown that the natural flavour of butter cannot be removed by washing it with pure water. Careful manipulation, with ;the ' oream and every thing else juBt right, will make good butter without washing. But the extra trouble is waBted. ' ? THE ' GRAIN' OF BUTTER. When the butter has 'oome,' and ap pears in little' irregular masses, from a pin's bead to a large pea in size, is the time to draw off the buttermilk and wash the butter in the ohurn. This removea most of the buttermilk. .After being then gathered and removed from the ohurn, worked, washed and salted on the butter-worker at the proper temperature, we find, upon breaking it, tbat -it has a grannlar look. The mas3.8eema to be made of little partiolea with a slightly glistening appearanoe. This is called the 'grain.' These small partioles are par tially kept apirt , by films of water (after Baiting, this water becomes brine), and the peonliar texture thua imparted to thel butter is a test of proper manufacture. Over-churn or over-work it, churn or work it' at the Wrong temperature, and the grain is gone, never to be restored; and with it is gone a large per centage of tho selling value of the butter. Enough water (brine) must be re tained t6 produce this appearanoe, whioh diBtinguiBhea 'butter' from 'grease.' Consequently the most perfoot grain is ob tained by washing iu the churn before the butter is ' gathered.' THE BUTTER GLOBULE. To those who'know nothing of the mioros oopo and its revelations, ' a' world.remains bidden of whioh they oan have little com prehension. To the naked eye milk appears a smooth, uniform fluid. To the' eye, aided by the combination of magnifying glasses, called a 'microsoopo' (seer of little thinge), it is a translucent fluidj in whioh floatB a multitude of shining globes; and these globes are butter in its primitive state. We do not make butter when we ohurn, although wo Bay ao. When the prooess of ohurning has been continued nntil we can see little particles of butter in the oream, wo say ' the butter has oome,' .and the next proceeding (after washing) is to ' gather it.' But, in reality, ohurning is a single process. There is no difference between the.' coming' and the ' gathering,' except that the latter ia visible, while tlie former is invisible, to the unaided sight, ,AU that we do when we agitate oroani in a ohurn is to throw the butter globules strongly against eaoh other. If the oream ib too cold, we may do this for ever, and produoe no butter, for the aame reason that .we oannot work butter into rolls or printB, When'it'is too cold. The globulea are too hard to stick together. They merely rattlo;ogainst one another in the ohurn like peaB in a bag. If the oream ib too warm, we can ohurn ' them together and then ohurn them apart again, becauae they are in too fluid a state to hold, together. against the action at tho ohurn. So no butter oomes in either case— there aro ' witch'ea in tho pream.' Thb true' exorcist, in such trouble, is a thermometer. 