(To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal) SiK, — I havo munh pleasure iu forwarding my oheque for the following amount, £2, for tho noble the Marchionoca of QucooDbarry, tho most couBiatent lriah patriot excepting perhaps Dr. M'Hale, of Tur.m, i?o\v living. Our country, mon ought to respond moat cheerfully to the charitable object, uho advocatec, viz., tho cause of tha poor homeleaa IriBh children in London. Aa you aro awaro, aho wua the principal mea.no of supporting from hoi- own privnto purse thov/idowa and orphans of martyred patriots. Youra, &c;, OLAREMAN. BaihurHt, May 1st, 1S7S. The Ghost —Mr. D'Arcy Road's Ghost at the Guild Hull, has been largely attended during the week A chance of progrcinme wan intro ducod on Monday last. The nrsb part of the eutertainment consiutn now of a plooe called ' Temptation,' in v/hich many beautiful views and incidents arc ahown ; some g-ood musio is alao introduced into the piooo. Tliia ic followed by tho Phantom Chrioty Minarrelo, which is both amusing1 and clover. The miuutrels are seated on tho atage oinging varioun Ohriaty congp, nnd perpotratirjg iddo- oplitting jokeo, when instan tQn^onoly thoy disappear and aro replaced by phuntomo, who tako up the songs and continue singing, to tho astonishment unu delight of the audience. These again disappear, and from time to ticuo reappear and caune muoh amuuement. Tho ' Hanntcd Honao.' the piece in which the principal ghoat ncono io shown, atill makes the afterpiece* School of Arts. — Thompson's diorama at tho School ot Artn has been doing a good buBineoB dnring tho Exhibition. Lieutenant Herman, the voutrllcqnist, is a great attraction. Tho gilts mIbo cansi the affair to bo largly patronised* On Saturday there will bo a matiuae, when overy child attending ia to receive a present. Drapery.— We beg to call attention to Mr J S Murray's advertisement in this i?auo an« nouncing a ua!o of genuine cheap drapciy. Pei sons etuydin.' (Jomestic'cconomy wouli do well lo rot'.-i Mr Murray's circular. The Govenor'rf horoea are advertised for aale, and it is aaid that bia Excellency intends re» tiring from the turf. 