DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) For some time past, as was duly noticed in the Advocate, the more advanced of the Catholic children in and around Ballarat had been undergoing careful and assiduous preparation for Confession and first Communion, and Confirmation ; and on Saturday morning St. Patrick's Cathedral presented a sight calculated to gladden the hearts of Christians in any age, and still more so at the present time, when innumerable and daily multiplying agencies are at work in concerted action, in. every quarter of the globe, resolutely bent on the destruction of Christianity, About 500 children made their first Communion lhat morning. They were all neatly dressed, the girls being in white, with white veils and wreaths, and the boys wearing scarfs, rosettes, and medals. The children were chiefly under the care of their teachers, who deserve to be complimented on the remarkably orderly manner in which they marshalled their youthful charge. At Mass the reverent attention of the children was most edifying, and everything in their conduct throughout impressed the onlooker with the feeling that it was a glorious meeting for the parents, and an earnest of a happy future for the children. After short addresses from the clergymen, and an earnest exhortation from his Lordship, Mass was commenced, his Lordship officiating. Directly before the children approached Communion, his LraUhip gave a Bhort address, bringing home in a lively manner to their minds the love of God, in giving HiB body and blood for the nourishment of their souls. The children then advanced in order to the altar rails, each bearing a lighted taper; and the effect produced by the lighted candles in their innocent hands was calculated to strike the beholder with love for the religion which spoke to the heart, as well by its symbols and ceremonies, as by itB words. In conclusion, prayers were reed by the priest. The children then retired in the Bame order in which they came in. The parents, I need scarcely say, were waiting outside to congratulate them on the aacred and happy, event. On Sunday, the Sacrament of Confirmation was administered after eleven o'clock Mass. Every part of St. Patrick's Cathedral was' crowded. 'The means adopted to, ensure Order in the proceedings were - admirably carried out. The upper part of. the nef, consisting of the tranaepta and' intervening portion, was set apart for th& children and others who were admitted tb Confirmation. A cordon then, ran 1 across the : Cathedral, .separating those from the congregation. Between sixhuhdredand'sbven hundred children, under their teachers' &nd; parents, Saasembled at MaSs In the part assigned -to tKem. : The boys faced the Epistle side of the altar, and the girls 'win* placid on the gobpfel aide. The girls were .Very beaiitifdlly attired in white dresses, with veils and- garlands; andthe bojrs were also neatly dreasedwith sashes, flowera, &c.; 'The numbe* aisfembled before 'the - 'altar -' patented • jan ice ^ ^ e ^ u l ^ 'W-d6%ht^ ,'thfe t»ariehts,^»splBO fhoseof ^jypoTo&^antavm •iJPiW^Caetay officiating, and the choir singing Haydn's Mass No. 4. After Mass, at which the vast congregation assisted with deep solemnity, his Lordship came down from the throne and examined those awaiting Confirmation, putting a question to every single child and adult person present. The answering was exceedingly satisfactory, and the quickness and precision with which the answers were given must have furnished ample proof to his Lordship of the careful training the children had received from their instructors. Indeed, the children all, especially those in attendance at the Nuns' and Christian Brothers' schools, are thoroughly grounded in religious instruction; and it is not perhaps out of place here to remark that the parents of those children owe an incalculable debt of gratitude to the teachers for having thus carefully supplied their pupils with a spiritual chart which, if steadfastly adhered to, will infallibly guide them through a wicked world to the haven of everlasting rest. The examination lasted two hours. The labour was severe, but doubtless the comfort of finding the children, all so well instructed amply repaid the trouble. His Lordship then retired to the altar and, invested with cope and mitre and crosier in hand, came to the communion rails and addressed those present at considerable length, setting forth the goodness of God, who had admirably provided for the wants and requirements of all His creatures. Having amplified this portion of his discourse, and shown that these natural gifts were common to all God's creatures, his Lordship went on to show that God was the immediate author of the spiritual and supernatural. His Lordship proceeded to describe the production of the spiritual life through the initiatory sacrament of the Church, and then went on to show that though the natural life and means to sustain it were given to all, yet millions of our fellow- creatures never received that supernaturallife which Catholics had received. This was a special mercy from God to them. He had by His providence provided certain means for the strengthening and preservation of the spiritual life, just as He had found means for the support of the natural life. Amongst the means ordained for the support of the high and spiritual life the Sacraments stood foremost. His Lordship then went on to show the virtues of Confirmation, its institution by Christ, and the carrying out thereof by the apostles, as related in the Sth chapter of the Acts, wherein it was shown that Peter and John went down from Jerusalem to Samaria, and there, by the imposition of hands, gave the Holy Ghost to all who had been already baptised. Through the imposition of the hands now extended upon them the same result took place. His Lordship then pointed out in detail the result of this in-dwelling of the Holy Spirit. Sanctifying graae has-increased in their hearts, their minds were moTe enlightened in the knowledge of that divine faith they possessed; 'their hearts 'would cling to it with still stronger affection, and in every danger they would have a firmer resolution to profess it and stand by it regardless of consequences. The precious gift of faith had at all times been, 'and ever would be, exposed to dangers from the enemies of God and His justice. The enemies, indeed, were always on the watch for its destruction; but perhaps at no period of Church history was there a more insidious and daring attack made by the powers of this world to rob Christians, and especially Christian youth, of their faith than at present. At all times Confirmation was required, but especially was it required under our circumstances; and parents who neglected to procure for their children this so salutary Sacrament were guilty of a serious dereliction of duty. Having dwelt at some length on the gifts of the Holy Ghost, and the effect of the Sacrament, his Lordship asked all to join him in making an act of perfect contrition, so that there sbonld be no obstacle to the entry of the Holy -Spirit, with all His gifts and graces, into their hearts. Mortal sin. ..was the only obstacle that closedthe door of the soul against the graces the Sacrament of Confirmation was'instituted to give. The children and others 'th&i; joined his Lordship in maMng fervently the act 'of contrition.. His Lordship then proceeded i to administer the Sacrament of Con-: firmation, and the,children were brought up in rows to the altar rails, and then, anointed: with the holy, chrism.. >After. Confirmation'hadbeen administered, and; the last prayers recited,! his Lordship j again addressed (a' few words to the' children about the means they ahoulii now addpt to preserve the "g^fts of the company, andhabit^pse£fj ment. -In .conelimoiL,^/" * l .Benediction. v.wis within a few minutes of five o'clock the proceedings having occupied the whole day without intermission. The Cathedral reserve, as well as the Cathedral itself, was crowded with parents and friends waiting to receive thechildren after Confirmation, and it was some time after the Cathedral was closed before parents and children had all found the objects of their search. By degrees, however, family after family was united again, and shortly afterwards the immense assembly had scattered and was on the way home. The day, fortunately, was most propitious as regard the weather, and everything passed off in a manner which must have given unalloyed satisfaction to all concerned. It will be interesting to Catholics everywhere to know that of all the immense number of children confirmed, only some twelve or fifteen were in attendance at State schools, and these, I learn, are chiefly the children of mixed marriages. Having already trespassed at such length in your columns this week, I shall be as brief as possible with the remainder of my correspondence, though the subject of the present paragraph is one on which I would like to say a great deal, and one which will, I- feel assured, be dear to all your readers. A few weeks ago in the Advocate I referred to a young lady in Windermere-street (Miss Crowley) having commenced to collect a trifle towards that sacred object, the Marchioness of Queensberry fund. At first I only expected that Miss Crowley would gather a few shillings among her immediate friends; but when the subscription was commenced, the blessing of God seemed to be visibly shown in the Teadiness with which the humble contributions were given; and yesterday evening (Monday) Miss Crowley handed me the enclosed subscription list, together with the amount shown thereon, namely, £8 Is. I herewith forward a post-office order for that amount, less one shilling, the cost of the order. Miss Crowley requests that you will kindly publish the subscription list for the satisfaction of the contributors, and forward the amount to the Marchioness of Queensbury, with the prayers of the subscribers for the welfare of the noble lady and the success of the holy cause in which she is engaged. The usual weekly meeting of the .Catholic Young Men's Society took place on Monday evening, at the library, Dawson-street ; the president, Mr. D. Fitzpatrick, J.P., in the chair. There was a good attendance. One candidate for membership was nominated. The debate as to whether capital punishment should be dispensed with was abandoned, the subject being considered too hackneyed. The greater part of the evening was then passed in recitations. Mr. Cahir being unwell, is unable to attend the elocutionary contest, and the representation of the local society will devolve upon Messrs. Jennings and Hennessy. It was decided that the usual weekly meeting of the society henceforth take place on Friday evening. 