PuoFKS8oit Pbppeb. — PiofeBBor John H. Pepper, after an absenoo of Bix years, returns (says a London paper) on Eastor Monday to what may bo termed his ' old and legitimate home*' in Regont-streot, viz., tho Royal Poly technic Institution, whore he is re-engaged as lecturer. Mr. Pepper, who appeared at the rolyteonnio on its opening m tho year 1840, has unquestionably leotured to a larger number of persons than any scientific contemporary. The Professor's name, some fifteen years ago, becarao a, household word, not only in the me tropolis, but throughout the country, when ho introduced to the public tho exhibition of that then novel and startling illusion designated ' Poppor's Ghost.' Tho ghoBtwas the means bf adding to the oxchequor of tho Polyteohnio, in tho course of a few months tt sum 'amount- ing to about £12,000. Tho automaton 'Leo- tard,' lifelike in its movements, in the great hall of tho institution, resulted in a suc cess i mainly through the efforts of the Profes sor. Among Mr. Pepper's forthcoming ar rangements, entered into with tho direotors of the Polyteohnio, will be a serieE of ' fashion able morning saienlifio locturcs,' to bo delivered three times a week. A Nbw Ritualistic Confraternity. — Anew confraternity hus been established in conjunc tion with Chioheater College, the Rov. Canon Aahwell boing the prime mover iu the matter. The titlo of the newly-formed confratornity is 'tho Guild of the Holy Rood,' and its mum- ? bors are former or present pupils of Chichestor College, with any other clergymen whom they may admit into the guild., Tho members wear a oruciform badge, to remiud them of ' tho oross they have, taken up, and of their brother hood with all tho servants of the Cross.' Ac cording to their book of rules also, tho brethren bind thomsolves ' always to communicate fast ing,' and ' to bo present at tho celebration of Holy Communion every Sunday and Holy Day.' Tho book contains a considerable num ber of prayero nnd thanksgivings for tho periods boforo and after Holy Communion, and' many of- these' aro of ''a 'nature' to be somewhat objectionable to persons of Low Church ideas! 