THE ANSWER. AND what i£ I should be kind? And what if you should be true t The old We could neyer go on Justtasifensedtodo.f The wan, white hands of the waves, That smote us swift apart, Will never enclaap afeain, And draw UB heart to heart. The cold, far feet of the tides,. That trod between UB two, Can never retrace their steps, And fall where they used to . do. Oh, well the ships must remember, That go down to the awful sea, -Ho keel that chisels the current, Can cut where it uaed to be. Not a throb of the gloom or glory That stirs in the sun or the rain, Will ever be that gloom or glory That dazzled or darkened-again. Not a wave that stretches itB arms, * And yearns to the breast of the shore, Is ever the wave that came trusting, And yearning, and loving, before. The hope that is high as the heavens. The joy that is keen as pain, The faith that is free as the morning, Can die-bat Can live not again. And though I should step beside you, And hand should lean unto hand, We should walk mutely-stifled Ghosts in a breathless land. For lam as dead as you are, And you are as dead as I; He who burns souls down to ashes, He only can answer why. And what if I should be kind ? And though you should be true ? The old love could never, never ' Love on as it used to do. THB GREAT WALL OF CHINA.-The great wall of China was measured in many places by Mr. Unthank, an American engineer, lately engaged in a survey for a Chinese rail way. .His measurement gives the height at eighteen feeb and a width on the top of fifteen feet. Every few hundred yards there is a tower twenty-four feet square and from twenty to twenty-five feet high. The founda tion of the wall is of Bolid granite. "Sir. Unthank brought with him a brick from the wall, which is supposed to have been made 200 years before tbe time of Christ. In building this immense stone fence to keep out the Tartars, the builder never at tempted to avoid mountains or chasms to save expanse. For 1300 miles the wall goea over plain and mountain, and every foot of the foundation is of solid granite, and the reBt of the structure solid masonry. In some places the wall is built smooth up against the bank,. or cayoas, or precipices, where there is a sheer descent of 1000 feet. Small streams are arched over, but on tbe larger streams the wall rnns to the water's edge and a tower is built on each side. On the top of the wall there are breastworks, or defences, facing in and out, so the defending forces can.paBs from. one tower to another without being exposed to an enemy from either side. To calculate the time of building or the cost of this wall is .beyond human skill. So far as the magnitude of the work is concerned, it surpasses everything in ancient or modern times of which there is any trace. The pyramids of Egypt are nothing compared to it. JAPANESE STUDENTS.-The intelleotnal abilities of the Japanese race have been' evidenced in a striking manner by a quar tette ef students from that country now studying in Berlin. One of these, Br Dirokitao, has lately invented an ingenious, optical instrament, termed the leaooscope, which measures the variations in the per ception of light and colonr by the human eye, in accordance with the strictest mathe matical laws. Another, who has' attained the rank of lieutenant in the Prussian army, has introduced a remarkable simplification into tbe mechanism of the Mauser rifle, which has succeeded the historic needle-gun. Two more, who are proseouting theirf chemical Btudies under Professor Holmann have published, for two years past, several interesting synthetical researches on the aromatic series.-Nature. FORQETFUIINESS.-A great deal of harm is \- done through forgetfulness. A little thought fulness and care with respect to otherB would often save them from a great deal of suffering, and aid them in their work. A man i3 discouraged in consequsnce of the difficulties he meets with. An encouraging word may be all that is necessary to revive his energies, and to cause him to persevere. That word is easily spokfen. There are those who are perfectly willing to speak it, but tbey do not think of it. As long as men prefer a small foot in a woman to a kind heart, and an hoar- glass waist to a tender soul, worn en will continue to torture their feet, and squeeze their ribs out of place, and their hearts and souls will remain what they too often are-shallow and withered, and dried up, or filled with stagnant and bitter waters. VALUE OK AMUSEMENT.-The world mus be amused It is entirely false reasoning to suppose that any human being can devote himself exclusively to labour of any descrip tion. It will not do. He must be amused. Best will not give him adequate relief. He must enjoy himself. He must laugh, Bing, dance, eat, drink and be merry. He must chat with his friends, exercise his mind in exciting gentle emotions, and his body in agree ible demonstrations I of activity. The constitution of the human system demands this. It exacts variety of influences and motion. It will not remain in health if it cannot obtain that variety. Too much merriment affects it as much as too little; too much relaxation is as injurious as none at all; but, to the industrious toiler, the sunshine of the heart is just .as indispensable as the material sun shine is to the flower-both soon pine, away and die if deprived of it. 