I MARRIAGE OE THE KINU OF SPAIN, ""j [FROM THE TIMES CORRESPONDENT.] I Madrid, January 23. I 1 AT a quarter-past ll o'clock the Atocha Church, where the marriage ivas to be solemnized, is filled with spectators. The ambassadors of England. Austria, Germany, and France are present. The Kina wears the ' venerated and fine uniform of captain-general, the grand cordon of San Fernando, and the grand gold collar of the Golden Fleece. It is three years since I have seen him, and he is a good deal altered ; he is taller, his shoulders are broader, he looks frank and resolute, and his well-formed head is not cast into the shade by the splendour of his uniform. Short brown whiskers and a fine coquettish moustache give him an air of manly youth, which strikes everybody. His hair is brown, rich, and glossy. On reaching his seat he turns towards the spectators with n frank and natural smile, greets one with a nod, another with the hand, addresses a few words to the ladies of honour placed behind him, and exhibits a joyful and happy expression.whiehlights up his open face. One may be sure that at this moment ideas of devotion prevail in every heart. It is one of the rare moments in a king's life quite free from shadow. Presently the organ sounds, the king quickly turns towards the portal, and the grandees of the kingdom who have followed in his train range themselves on both sides to make room for.the passage of the young Queen's procession. Princess Mercedes, rather pale, and her fine, dark cye3 slightly moistened bv emotion, slowly advances on the arm of the Princess of the Asturias," who takes the place of Queen Christian, who is unwell. She is dressed in white satin, the mantle being also white and richly embroidered. Her white mantilla is fastened by a diamond brooch ; a light crown of diamonds is on her brow. Her figure is rather stout set, but full of grace, her pale face contrasting with lips of charming redness. She bends before the altar and casts down her eyes before the loving smile of the king. The Princess of the Asturias is dressed in white satin, with a grenadine velvet mantle. She has the serious manner of a young motlier watching over her child. Behind her is the Due do Montpensier, in captain-general's uniform, with the cordon and collar of Charles III. The Infanta, his wife, wears a gray dress, wearing, like the Princess of Asturias and the three other Infantas, the grand cordon of Maria Louisa in white and velvet stripes. Behind her is the young Due de Montpensier, a boy of 10, dressed in velvet, with a lively and rather restless eye for his age. The Comtesse de Paris, the Queen's sister, has a robe of rose-coloured satin, with a train ol the game colour. The Comte de Paris is in the unv form of a colonel of the French Territorial Army, Princess Ernestine, another elder sister of the Queen, is in a mauve-coloured dress, with a train of the same colour. The Patriarch of the Indies, the Card ina Archbishop of Benarides, his white ornaments em- broidered with gold, the crosier in his hand, the silve: mitre on his head, who has been to meet the King a; the door of the church, stands at the foot of the altai' surrounded by his clergy. The King is placed at hil side. Princess Mercedes and the Princess of thi Asturias have joined them. Everybody is standing The members of the family are arranged in the follow- ing order on the red fauteuils along the platforms : One of the first is empty; Don Francis Assisi, th three Infantas, the Duchesse de Montpensier the Due de Montpensier, the young Duke the Comtesse de Paris, the Comte de Paris, am Princess Ernestine. After them come the Gram Duke of Medina-Sidonia, Marchionesses of Bedma and Molins, another great personage in the costura of a Knight of Malta, the people of the kingdom, am the chamberlains and officers of the household, whil the Ministers of the kingdom are seated before th diplomatic tribunes, and the senate and deputies iii their platform. Everybody is standing, the Patriare! reading, in a clear and firm voice, from a red bool with gilt clasps and the royal arms, the words cus tomary at marriages of the Spanish Kings. " Senor Don Alphonso, of Bourbon, Catholic Kin of Spain, you having determined to marry your augus first cousin, the most serene Senora Dona Maria d los Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, Infanta c Spain, for which marriage his Holiness has grante a dispensation of the impediment of relatior ship in the second degree of consanguinity and other it still remains to be known whether you are awai of any other obstacle which prevents you from coi trading this marriage ; whether you nave any othi spiritual relationship with the said most serene Seno: Infanta of Spain, whether you have given your woi to any other lady, whether you have made a vow < chastity or religion, or there is any natural imped ment in the way of the validity of this marriage, at finally whether you contract it of your own spa taneous and free will. Declare it on the faith of ya royal word." The Patriarch, giving the ring to one of his c adjutors, addresses both the King and the Prince Mercedes, and calls upon them in pretty much t! same terms to declare whether there is any imped ment to the marriage. Then, turning to the Princess Mercedes, he says : " Most serene Senora Dona Maria de las Merecí of Orleans and Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, willi y have for your lawful spouse and husband, as the" Ht Catholic and Apostolic Church directs, Dor. Àlfor XII., Catholic King of Spain? " Answer, '«' I w-ii " Do you agree to be the spouse and wife of Ser Don Alfonso XII., of Bourbon, Catiiolic King I Spain:" Answer, "Iconsent. "Do you recei the said Senor Don Alfonso XII., of Bourbon, Catho I King of Spain, for your spouse and husband i Answer, " t do." At this moment the Princess of Astur bends towards the young Queen and says few words to her. The two Princesses c scend from the altar towards the Duke a Duchess de Montpensier. The bride ber before the Duke to kiss his hand¿ The Duke prevei her and kisses her on the forehead. The same happe with the Duchess. This is the public sign of pater consent, the indication that the Princess has bec-o Queen and must no longer kiss the hand. The/t Princesses return to the altar. The Pairiai resumes: _ " Senor Don Alfonso XII., of Bourbon, Cathe King of Spain, will you take the most serene Sem Dona Maria de las Mercedes, of Orleans and Bourb Infanta ot Spain, for your spouse and law wife, as the Holy Catholic and Aposte Church directs?" Answer, "I -will." " you agree to be the spouse and, lvusbt of the most serene Senora Dona Maria de Mercedes, of Orleans and Bourbon, Infanta, Spain?" Answer, "I do." "Do yon receive .your spouse and wife the most serene Senora Di Maria de las Mercedes, of Orleans and. Bourbon. : fanta of Spain?" Answer, "I do." "And I, behalf of tho Almighty God and tjie blessed aposi Saint Peter and Saint Paul, and Hblv Mother Chut marry you, Senor Don Alfonso XII., of Bourlj Catholic King of Spain, and you, the most ser Senora Don Maria de las Mercedes, of Orleans i Bourbon, and this Sacrament of Marriage I cont in the name of tho Father, the Son, and the H Ghost. Amen." The King and Queen, preceded loy the Duke Sesto, the Grand Master of the Palace, in full v form, the «rand cordon, and gold collar on his ni now take their seats on the throne, and the masa ci menees. The music is sweet and resonant. Tx>wi the close the King and Queen rise as wel¿ us all ¡ sent, while the Patriarch addresses thifera in the lowing words : " Now that your Majesties havfe received the bi diction according to the custom'bf the Church, I monishyou to be loyal to Yjne another; intim prayer, and especially of /'asts and festivities, to serve chastity. I udmoni'sh you to love each othe husband and wife, and'to remain in the fear of G Amen. I give your.Majesty a companion und n slave. Love her ar, Christ íoves his church." " 