Tales, Sketches, &e.; AN EX-PROFESSOR'S STORY. Many visitors to the College Museum have paused before skull numbered 1750, and read with an indefinable feeling, resembling terror, the word written appropriately in red ink thereon, namely, " Murderer." Some persons have mistaken 1750 for an ape's skull. This is a mistake ; it was the skull of a human being, contained a certain amount of human brain, was tho dome of what thought, and the palace of what soul, it's original owner possessed. This is the terrible story always brought to my mind by the sight of No. 1750. I passed, daring the early portion. of my life, several years in Italy, at a village near which are the buried ruins of Pompeii. I had secured employment that would allow full access to the interesting debris of that ancient city. Having graduated with honors from a medical school in America, and studied diligently in the hospitals of Paris, it was a most agreeable relaxation to my strained energies, to watch day after day the unearthing of these people, their houses, their utensils, and "admire" how perfectly everything was changed into portions of a great sculpture piece by the white plaster of the S ivans, and became acquainted with the peculiarities of a people who had gone " nnshriven and unannealed " into their graves—at the time the torrent of the volcano swept down the sides of old Vesuvius, not quite eighty years after the crucifixion of our Lord. I boarded at a very raspcctable inn, presided over by a pale-faced host and bis p defaced wife. Marco Carreli was no host about the belly, for it was thin and pinched ; was no host about the cheeks, for they wers sunken and hollow ; was no host in his merriment, for he never laughed, neither did he crack jokes; was no host in his profanity, for he never swore. Where a nod or a twist of the head would do, he would nod and twist; but he rarelv spoke, though he listened attentively. I know not in. what particular he wa* a host, except in the fact that he owned an inn. Hia black hair fell like a pall, in thick masses, to his shoulders and back. His black eyes shone like the eyes that gleam from the region of despair. In short, there was such a sombre atmosphere about him that I would as soon meet a ghost in a churohyard as him. The wife partook of the disposition and appearance of her husband, He was a curtain between her and the sun's rays, and both moved together, like twins, in despondency and shadow. Bat his innumerable guests forgot him and his wife in admiration of their excellent fare and general efficiency. One night Marco came to me and began to nse, to my great surprise, what I really donbted his possessing in good working order—his tongue. " Signor," he asked, " were yon disturbed last night?" I remembered that I had been, and I said BO. " I will remove your couoh, signor, so that you will not be troubled in like manner again. You must make allowanoe for me, and yon will, when you hear that the noise was occasioned by the sudden illness of my unfortunate bov, Cbristoval 1" "Christoval?" I asked, not knowing to whom he referred. " Havo you a son of that name!" "Would to God and the Virgin I had not I" cried Maroo. " My idiot boy is the helpless instrument of God's vengeance upon the ems of my youth. Poor Christoval! God's will be done I" So saying, the strange host turned from me without any further word of explanation. The noble Count Diego of M , with his retinae and servants, on a visit to the rains, and direct from Rome, at about midnight on the 25th of July, 1825, honored the inn of the silent Maroo with his magnificent presence. The noble Count was somewhat intoxicated, but, notwithstanding, was able to kick his private secretary and immediate dependants out of his bedroom. I say not- withstanding, because it was not with standing, but with lving on his back and kicking out his heels, that he compelled those persons (so excessively fond of him) to retreat. When he finally did find his virtuous couch and stumble into it, with a chair in his hand which had refused to support him, his drunken snoring was so intolerable to his only three-quarters drnnken private secertary, who lay on a lounge stretched outside his master's door, that that fnnc'ionory failed to get to sleep until long past four in the morning ; and he had rested but fiften minutes then, before he awoke in a fright at something, he knew not what. He was incline i to think, on refieotion, that a bat, which hung from the wall, had been the oause of his awakening, So, after having chased that ominous creature about the room for a length of time without being able either to capture or drive it out, he took a moderate sip at a bottle of wine which he found in his cloak pooket, and swore by the several saints with whom he was acquainted, that he would repose at his ease from that time until the sun rose. There was a great bustle in the inn that morning. There was a notable breakfast preparing in the kingdom of the cook. The tables in the dining-room were adorned with fiowers, and graced with all the luxuries that the country around could bestow upon its guest. The Count's servitors snuffed the delicious incense which is oompounded of the grateful aroma of coffee carried on the freBh br ezn of the early day—and cursed the minutes that old time seemed BO niggard of. At laBt the sun rose, and with it rose the private secretary. Aihe stood upright to atrotoh fcimieU rad ml) Ui nddtnta eyei, the bottle of wine which he had made use of over night fell to his feet. " Allow me, Signor!" said the pale Maroo who had been watching him in his sleep, and on seeing the fall of the bottle had immediately stooped to pick it up. As he received it with thanks, a shock passed over the debilitated framework of the private Secretary. He remembered that his master's boots must be stained and muddied with yesterday's travelling, and that at any moment his most potent Countship might tumbie out of bed and find them so. By the five corns on the big to a of his holiness 1 this must not be. T<ie private 6ecertary accordingly crept into his master's room to look after his master's leathers. Holy Virgin 1 it would take no time to black them. There was a dozen gay gentlemen waiting in the hall of the inn, when the private secretary, as pale as his raffles, rushed oat among them. His hands were thrown aloft, and he seemed wild with horror. He only found words when he observed the black eyes of Marco fixed upon him, "Seize onjthat man)" he oried. "Seize on the landlord !" Affrighted and astonished, it was done, as ordered, by those nearest the host. As mate as a mummy in the black a wadling clothes of buried centuries, stood Marco, in the sombre garments of the living century, which it pleased him to don. Sworda were drawn. Question* were asked, to which only those who crowded the Count's chamber could answer. Presently to the uproar succeeded a great silence. A. passage wa* made between the people that extended from the chamber into the hall. Through this four man advanced oarrying a dead body. It was the Count's. Upon its overhead was impressed a something that was not the signet of nobility. An indentation in the broad frontal bone that might have been made with a common tack hammer. The friends of the Count Diego had prophesied that after the manner of his noble ancestors he would go staggering out of this world, in company with an equally jolly and eccentric friend—the riqht social tremens. But he had ignomimou'ly, as we have seen, allowed himself to be murdered by an instrument that pounded a little hole in his skull—exactly as little holes are pounded in bullocks. Who was his murderer? A dozen persons were arrested and trie! before the authorities; no one was proven guilty. When Marco first cast eyes on the body he fainted. When afterwarbs he was accused of complicity he, characteristically, made no reply, but was heard to say, when he thought himself alone, " It is God's vengeance! " Himself, his wife, and the idiot boy Christoval were together arrested, confined, and tried—but together they returned to the inn unconvicted. The last was very strongly suspected at first, but it was proved that he was that night securely chained to the wall of his room, and that he was but a harmless idiot, who did nothing from day to day but braid his hair and turn and twist his Ittle head, and roll about his great wild eyes. A year passed away. No traveller acquainted with the story tarried at the ino. Maroo's home custom dropped away. He himself grew more melancholy. His inn began to have a dilapidated air. One by one the curtains of the windows were let down and not raised again. And finally, the ignorant traveller, pausing before the threshold, would have pursued hiB oourse, thinking, naturally, that the old inn had retired from business, and lived on the interest of its money. But towards the end of the year, au Englishman by the name of Brown, travelling quietly with his valet, stopped at the inn over night, and WAS found deal in the morning. The Bame indentations were in his brow as were in the Count's. The same instrument had slain him, and by the same hand wielded, without a doubt. Marco, his wife, and the idiot were again arrested, and again discharged. The law was satisfied with their innocence —that is, there was no direct proof against them. It would be tedious here to explain why. The people, however, were not at all satisfied of this ; and it came to my ears that that great animal with] many teeth—a mob—were determined to take the case of Marco into its own hands. To burn down, indeed, his unfortunate inn, from whose windows the Coant's ghost, in the shape of a fiend, was always looking ; and up anddown whose halls and stairs the disembodied English sonl walked in respectable top boots. The night before 'the intended^ attack, a Frenoh deteotive, in the gnise of a Spaniard, arrived about twilight at the inn. Maroo refused to allow him to stop. He protest that the people would tear him to pieces if they knew that he had admitted another traveller over night. The detective, imitat- ing the maudlin tones of a drnnken man, swore that he would stay over night. He had money, and he would pay. But Marco avowed, in his brief manner, that the people would murder him. To which the drunken fellow naively replied, "that nobody knew of his being there." At whioh assertion (of course a falsehood) the landlord relented, and after a while showed the policeman to a bed in the very room in which the two tragedies had been enacted. After the landlord, having narrowly scanned the room, left it, a man stepped from a little closet and greeted the guest. This man was myself, who, knowing the ins of the house, had crept into it without being seen, and, according to appointment, had awaited the detective's coming. He greeted me in a whisper, and together we examined the chamber. There was a window at its northern end, which looked down upon the inn's stoop. This waB securely fastened. A bureau, several chairs, and a stand with washing materials beside the iron bed, was all that the room contained, as most of the fnrniture had been, for some reason, removed from it. With its headboard against the wall stood the couch in whioh both the unfortunate travellers had slept their last sleep. The wall above the bed's head was covered with a peculiar pattern of figured paper, which, in Beveral places, had become detached, showing the board whioh, in lieu of lath and plaster, formed the exceedingly thick wall to the room. The Parisian deteotive was busy over his carpet bag, when I, upon my hands and knees, commenced to examine the floor of the room, being possessed of the idea that it was not entirely innocent of such a thing as'a trap door. However, I discovered none, although the carpet which had covered it during the Coant's visit was absent, and I had every opportunity to disoover one, if present. I arose frem the floor by the window and i took oooulon to look ont, There, upon the stoop, leaning like a statne against one of the white pillars, I saw Marco. His large hat was drawn over his eyes, his head was bent, and his hands were crossed upon his breast. He seemed the impersonation of sadness, and even where I stood I could hear him utter disjointed sentences and sigh. His actions and his words indicated a soul devoured by silent misery. I turned from gazing on him ; I was in no small degree surprised to see my ally standing in the room's centre, and aho to disoover a man's head buried in the pillows of the couoh. I asked, of course, concerning the new comer; but the detective put his fingers to hia lips and whispered me to be silent. I had no doubt, however, but that he was a fellow officer. He then drew me to the closet in which I had been concealed. Daring my search for the trap he had made a number of gimlet holes in the door, through which he could watoh the apparently sleeping man in the bed In this closet we waited many hours. I should think it was half-past twelve, when, after having examined with almost ridiculous miunteness everything in the room (of course, with my eyes, through the gimlet hole) I finally fastened them upon a spot above the bed's head, on the wall, where the paper had been torn away. There was a largo knot in th 9 wooden wall where it had been thus denuded, and to my fancy there was something peculiar about that knot, I could not at first say what it was. The more I looked at it, and the steadier, the more convinced I was that either my eyes deceived me (and they were eyeB that defied glass-ware) or there was something peculiar about that knot. I drew my companion's attention towards it. He looked at it steadily. He, too, became convinced. The knot was slowly sinking into tha wall j or was being drawn out. It retreated — back—back — back I It finally disappeared from sight and left a great black hole behind it. The hole must have been nearly half a foot in diameter. Then through that hole steathily appeared an arm. A long, bony arm, grasping a mallet. The hand was raised, and the mallet descended. I leaped from the closet, crying " Murder 1" I was too late. The mallet descended upon the head of the sleeper. A dull, heavy crash—" Oh ! " " Don't be alarmed my good fellow—the head is wood!—Don't you see this is no living person, but merely the head of a decoy image t—Come I assist me to discover the would-be murderer." At this instant a face appeared at the knot hole. A laughing face. The face of a fiend. A foolish face. The face of Christoval, the idiot. Yes—the two murders were the work of an Idiot. He who, being trusted abroad, wonld have been incapable of self- preservation—who was nnable to feed himself—and who passed his days braiding his hair and wagging his head ; ohained to a walL So we found him in the next room ; the great heavy ohain hound around him and fastened to a staple. Yet, this being, so contemptible, had, during his solitary confinement, managed to disoover how easily the knot in the wall was removed—had obtained an instrument of destruction—and had brought about such fearful results. How mysteriously vouchsafed are those moments in the lives of the imbecile, when constructive reasoning becomes impossible for them—and how fearfully, and for what purposes of astute devilry, are these moments often used. Marco had committed a great crime in his youth, for whioh he had long ago repented— but which so troubled a tender conscience as to make him the man he was, A mob (the cruelest offspring of society) coming to sacrifice the father—murdered the son. No. 1750 is the skull. 