ITALY. THE WILL OF PIUS IX. The correspondent of the London Times gives the following as the authentic copy of the latest will of Pius IX. :— ' Dispositions and last will of Mastai Ferretti, Pope Pius IX., formerly Giovanni Maria of the Counts Mastai-Ferretti of Seni gallia, son of Girolamo. ' Testaments. ' From the Vatican, March 15,' 1875. ' Last. Will. — In the name of the most Holy Trinity, 1 recommend my soul to Thee, most Holy Trinity— Father, Son and Holy Ghost, three persons in one God. ' I implore most Holy Mary, always im maculate, and her spouse St. Joseph, the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul, St. Michael the Archangel, St. Louis Gonzaga, n\y holy guardian angels, and all my holy pro tectors and advocates to aid me in the great passage from time to eternity, as they have aided and protected me during the course of my life. ' My body, having become a corpse, shall be buried in the church of St. Lorenzo extra muros and precisely under the little arch standing against the so-called gridiron (gra tieola) or stone on which may still be traced the marks caused by the martyrdom of the illustrious Levite. ' The cost of the monument shall not exceed 400 crowns. ' Upon the monument shall be sculptured a tiara with the keys ; then an epigraph con ceived in the following terms : — ' OSSA 1ST CINERES J?II 1'. IX. SVM. PONT. VIXIT AN ... IN PONTIFICATV. AN ... OKATE PRO EO. The coat-of-arms shall be a Death's head. ' Having already by the Bull of June, 1873, provided and established the use and application to be made of my estates and personal property acquired in Senigallia, I dispose of what property shall bo found after my death. I pray God to protect and preserve those estates which are destined to pious purposes. In so far as it depends upon me, I repeat that with respect to my estates of Senigallia, of the which I have disposed for the Pious House of Refuge, and for the Ginnasio of the said city through the Bull of the 1st of September, 1853, and the 20th o£ April, 1857, as well as through the chiro graph of the 24th of May of the said year, I will and intend that all that I have declared ' in the other Bull of the 1st of June, 1873, shall be observed, in order to the resolutory conditions, falling in, and rights of reversion in the cases contemplated in said Bull ; tho which declaration I confirm also with my present testament, as the expression of my last will, ordering and enjoining upon my heir and others named in my said Bull ; and in case these should not do it, even entreating whomsoever may have the office and interest of the same to see to the diligent and rigorous observance thereof. ' I leave my library to the Seminario Eomano-Pio. The smaller library, consisting in most part of ascetic books, I leave to the Convent of Passionists by me creeled at the Scala Sauta. 'To all the persons herinafter mentioned who shall survive me I leave in the following proportions :— -To Consignor Cenni, 8,000 lire ; to my servants 15,000 lire, to be distributed in proportion 1o the service : to the brothers Francisco and Giuseppe Minoccari, Giuseppe Zangolini (to whom shall be given a double portion), Filippo Castellani, Fedcrieo Senapa, Antonio Eanna, and .Pieiro Jurgis. Some recompense to the coachman Gaetano and to Pieiro. '' To Monsignor Samminiatelii, Almoner, a picture, representing the Blessed Mary with the Child on her knee, with its glass, which hangs in the little upper chapel. ''To Monsignor R.icri. Maestro di Camera, the statue of St. Peter on the column which is the model of that which was to have been erected at St. Pieiro in Montorio. 'To Monsignor Pacca, Major-domo, the model of the column in Piazza di Spagna. ' To the Monsignors Negrotto Casali, Di Bisogno, and Delia Yolpe a remembrance as the testamentary executor shall think proper. ' To the Commendatori Filippani and Spagna, a remembrance in some object of value, as above. ' The Sacred Relics to the two Pinacote cas of the Vicariato and of Monsignor Saei'is tan, with the following modifications : — The silver reliquary representing a small altar, enclosing the wood of the True Cross, with other relics, I destine to the Vatican Basilica. To tho Laterancn.se ;t great reliquary from Hungary, and which is in a black leather case. A reliquary representing a little temple supported by three children, which contains the precious relic of the Holy Thorn, is destined for the Collegiate Church of St. Maria in Via Lata. A little temple with small columns of rock crystal, containing relics of St. Peter and St. Paul, to the Cathedral of Senigallia. 'To the two' Cathedrals of Spoleto and Imola, two reliquaries : to the first the wood of the True Cross, supported by a silver trunk, with base of silvor, the whole orna mented with diamonds ; to the second a small um, within which is a relic of St. Damas.us. ' To the Cathedral of Gaeta an ivory cruci fix upon a black cross and base, which stands on the floor of the little upper chapel. ' In the same place, and likewise standing on the floor, another great metal crucifix on a marble base, which I destine for the Cathe dral of St. James of Chili. ' I dispose of 5000 lire towards the fouuda tion of a chaplaincy to be erected in the Seini nario Bio, with the alms of a lira and half. ' The pictures belonging to me, exclusive of those in the little upper rooms, hung upon different walls of the Vatican remain to the Apostolic Palace. The sums of some import ance derived from the Obolo of St. Peter shall be all for the Holy Sec ; and in case the Government or rulers who now sit here and call themselves masters and Sovereigns should interfere with these interests, aiid claim them from the Holy See, I intend to call in my nephews as heirs, leaving certainly to my testamentary executor all faculties and all the power of protecting, in case of need, the rights of the Holy See. 'Of all remaining property which shall be found after my death, whether in money, or in chattels, or in funds, shall be made three .shares, one for each, in favour of Luigi Mastai, Ercolo Mastai and his children, and Anna Arsili, daughter of Virginia Mastai. ' I desire Cardinal Antoneili, who has given me so many proofs of: kindness, to assume the charge of testamentary, giving him all the faculties necessary to the carry ing into effect these my last wishes ; and I pray him likewise to accept, as a sign of my affection and gratitude, a snuffbox with brilliants, of oval shape, and ornamented with enamel. ' Pius P. P. IX. ' Rome, Nov. 10, 1876. ' Cardinal Antonelli having in these last days passed from among the living, I substi tute the Cardinals Simeoni, Mertel, and Monaco. ' Pio P. P. IX. ' From the Vatican, Nov. 5, 1875. ' In the name of God, I declare and dis pose that when the Blessed God shall bring my mortal life to an end, the sums and values, whatever they may be, derived from the Obolo of St. Peter, administered by the Signor Cardinal Antonelli, shall be and shall go to the advantage — 'that is to say, into the possession of, the Holy See. ' Pio P. P. IX. .' Rome, Nov. 22, 1875. ' To the two Cardinals surrogated, to the n—defunct Cardinal Autonell, Heave a box set i ' with brilliants to Cardinal Mertel, and a ?crucifix to Cardinal Simeoni — the crucifix - upon a cross of metal. The crucifix: and the two statuettes oil flic most Holy Mary and ^ of St. -John are in ivory. It stands in the salon of. the private library. !/ ; ' 'PlO P.P. IX. 'To Cardinal Monaco a picture hanging „? -in the little upper room ? the Madonna delict- Scr/c/iolc in enamel. j.y : . ''.From the Vatican, Dec. 2C-, 1870.'' ; 'I declare and dispose that when the ,.. Blessed Grod shall brinjj my mortal life to an ?end, the conspicuous sums and values and credits especially and above all derived from : the Obolo of St. Peter and from the oblations of. the faithful of all nations, sums, values, and credits existing whether in 'Rome or in ' whatsoever other parts oil the world, of which the Cardinal Perfect oil the Sacred Palaces has the administration, shall be for, and shall go to, the advantage — that is to say, into the full possession, oil the Holy See, and to the free disposal of the Supreme Pontiff ... pro tempore. . ', .... : -PioP. p. ix. ' From the Vatican, Feb. 8, 1877. ?;,'.-,- 'In the name of God, I appoint and v institute the Cardinals 11. Monaco, G-. Sime '???? oni, T. Mertel, my universal heirs, to whom I leave all my estates, personal property, rights and shares, with the exception of what I iiave disposed of or may hereafter dispose of by other acts or especial title. 'PioP. P. IX. ' From the Vatican, Aug. *2'.i, 1877. ' I have already declared and disposed, as , I now also dispose, that when the Blessed .God shall bring my mortal career to an end the conspicuous sums of money and the values and the credits, &c;, of which the Cardinal Prefect of the Sacred Palaces has the administration shall be for and shall fall into the possession of the Holy See and to the free disposal of the Supreme Pontiff jtru tempore. I now add that I make the same declaration and dispositions with regard to the sacred vestments and other objects and precious things in point of art or material of 'which I might not have specially disposed. 'Pius P.P. IX. ' If, by whomsoever or by whatsoever title, the dispositions made by me that the sums of money, the values, the credits, &c;, adminis ?? tered by the Cardinal Prefect of the Holy See, ? as also the sacred vestments, the objects and precious things, whether in point of art or material, of which I might not have specially or particularly disposed shall be for and shall remain in the possession of the Holy See, shall be held as not valid, or, for what ever other motive, should not have full effect and execution, in this case or cases I leave the above- mentioned sums and everything else above described to the Cardinals Kaffaele Monaco, Vicario, Simeoni Giovanni, Secre . tary of State, and Teodolpho Mertel. Pius P.P. IX.' ' From the Vatican, Sept. 1, 1877. ??-? 'In the patrimony of my family — that is to say, that patrimony derived from the heritage of my father — there is a portion which belongs to me, and I intend that this portion be divided in three — two parts to fall in favour of Girolama Mastai, and the other in favour of Cristini Mastai. 'Pius P.P. IX.' ' From the Vatican, Oct. 2, 1877. ?....? ' To his Ivoyal Highness the Cointe de Chambord, the Maclouua called Del Denlino (mosaic). 'To her Highness the Duchess Dowager of Modena, Madonna (mosaic). ' Pius P. P. IX. 'To the Queen Isabella of Spain, Crucifix ? of Lucca. 'Pius P. P. IX. ' From the Vatican, Oct. 2, 1877. ' ' In token of paternal benevolence, I leave \p His Majesty the King of Naples a group ' in silver representing the Holy Family. ' To his Imperial and Boyal Highness the Grand Duke of Tuscany, a Madonna after Raphael with a silver frame. ' To his lioyal Highness the Grand Duke i. of Parma, a large miniature, ' Sinite parvulos.' : ; ' To his Highness Den Alfonso di Bourbon, formerly Pontifical Zouave, the Resurrection in -mother-of-pearl. ???-'?? ? 'Pius P. P. IX. 'From the Vatican, Oct. 13, 1877. ' To her Highness the Princess of Thurn and Taxis the trunk of the Cross in silver ornamented with diamonds, with two small angels having in their hands symbols of the 'Passion, and containing a relic of the Holy : ^OOd. : ? iu:i:'..;- 'Pitts P. P. IX.' 