THE RABBIT BILL. ? ^ ? The kind of opposition offered to the Rabbit Destruction Bill by tha Legislative Council is greatly to be re gretted, and it will be especially disan poinimg io uiosu wno are sunenng iro.u 'ihe evil The length to which certain members of the Upper House hava carried their opposition is strangoly out of ? harmony with their earuost professions of sympathy with thoao who are now Buffering from tho rabbit nuisance. With tho exception of Mr. Tarlton, who was absent on tho previous occasions when the Bill was dis cussed, all the hon. members who voted against the Government on Tuosday admitted that effective legislation to check this rapidly-growing evil is impera tively necessary; and Mr. Bakor dwelt feelingly upon the condition of tho peoplo who ' v,arc bciug brought to tho verge of ruin' by the enormous increaso of rabbit3 in different parts of tho country. Under theso circumstances it might naturally have been expected that those hon. members would havo endoavourod to co-operate with the Government in their attempt to cope with tho evil, instead of creating a difficulty at the outset. Their action would havo been more excusable had the case not been one of extreme urgency, or hail there been some important principle at stake. Tho arguments adduced againat the Bill were not, however, sufficiently cogeut to warrant the action wiiich ha3 .been taken. It is contended on tho one hand that tho Government is bound to defray the whole of the expense in curred in stamping out the nuisancs throughout the whole colony, inasmuch ai by the Ganio Act passed some years azi these animals were for a time protects I. It seems to us that the force of absurdity could scarcely go further than this. With equal justice it might be argued that tho Government is; responsible for every hard ship inflicted 'indirectly upon individuals through the operation of any measure* passed with, the intention of benefiting the community as a whole. In nuder „ taking ' t6 destroy all rabbits upon tho waste lands and all other property of ith$ i'Of»wrn''i;jne};Sfcite': V:' doin^; all that jean reasonably be expected of it, although ?are concede that this is no more -han its bounden duty. Tho pro position that the GoTermnont'shoold boar half the cost of destroying rabbits oi private property ib open to similar objec tions. It would bo diflicult to ehow any reason why the community as a whole should be taxed for tho benefit oi particular individuals, and those for tho most part couetifcotiug , its moat wealthy members. In some cases no doubt tho measure will operate to a certain extent harshly, 'but of the two forms of legisla tion tho imposition of the duty up n persons to clear their land of rabl-its at- their own expense will un questionably be productive of less hardship. It waa insisted upon lj Mr. Baker tha.t tho Bill wonld'operato injuriously in the case of lessees holding land on Bhort tenure. Tho injustice --f compelling such persons to clear their land at their own expense i' manifest; but it may easily bo obviat.'l by the introduction of a proviso to meet this difficulty. In considering tho expediency of th-j Bill introduced by the Govemiovnt, i' must be borne, in mind that, the iifd1'0 i whom it would - affect, and wluo liavo^ J-n j clamouring for legislation on the subjWt, j have not raised the objections which have j Jjeinjo jtrongly urged by aerend membe»_ of the Legislative CountiL It would ce» - tainly bemore agfeeable to them that the coat of roppreaaiDg the rabbit nuisance should be defrayed by the Government. but none the less would they accept cheerfully any measure which would secure the suppression of the pest. The expense involved in clearing their Iand3 of a nuisance which inflicts heavy losses upon them yearly i3 aa nothing in com I arison with the great ultimate gaia that would thu3 be obtained. There can be no doubt whatever that agriculturists would not for a moment hesitate to incur inch an expense were they assured that the Government would render the measure compulsory and destroy the rabbits on waste binds and other Crown property. The difference of opinidn letween the Council and the Govern ment, it is to be feared, is irreconcilable, and thus for another year perhaps the efforts of the farmers may be neutralized. It must not be forgotten that although the evil ha3 now attained formidable pro jortions it will continue to increase more rapidly than ever if sufficient means are not taken to check it. Every month of delay not only adds to the difficulty, but enhances the expense attendant upon coping with it. 5 he Council will ]-e held to be d-recily Jf chargeable with supinenes ^n the matter r should they refuse to go on with the Bill. Moreover it will be impossible for them to plead that they are m ignorance of the consequences that will arise through their conduct. It may be pointed oni that a fair example was set by Mr. Hay, which might well be fol lowed with advantage by other hou. members. Mr. Hay disapproved of the principle of the measure, and expressed the opinion that the matter was one in which the State might act more liberally. Nevertheless he voted with the Govern ment rather than that the Bill should be sacrificed and a greater evil be thus created than +hat which it was sought .to remedv. . . i ? \- Taca»cibs nc thb Legislative Council; — On Tuesday the President of the Legislative Council reported that he had received ihe r.signations of Sir Thomas EUer, Mr. English, and Mr. Storrie. A letter from Mr. Everard, resigning his seat, was also in the hands, of toe President, but being unsigned Sir William Milce felt obliged to treat it as informal. The bun. gentleman's seat, however, becomes vacant to-day, owing to bis absence without leave. Ihe four vacancies will be declared on an early day. GOJraBATCIATI0H3 TO EAM. BeACONSFIHLD. — In response to a requisition signed by 133 rate payers, His 'Worship the Mayor has called a meeting of the citizens of Adelaide for this evening to consider the proposal of taking steps to congratulate the Karl of Beaconsfield and bis colleagues on the success of their policy on the Eastern question. The Albeit Bella will be rung from 6.30 to 730 to announce the importance of the meeting to the people generally. Savbd. — During the voyage of the barque Otago from Newcastle, whilst the vessel was besdreaching in a strong breeze off Flinders Island, a number of hands at the time being on the foretopsailyard reefing sail, an alarm was suddenly given that a man was overboard. In the darkness of the night the master observed an object drifting to leeward, and at once pitched over the side of the ship a lifebuoy and a coil of tope, the man adrift being successful ia clutching the latter. It was a time of great anxiety whilst the man was being hauled alongside, the vessel about this time giving one or two ugly rolls, but he was ultimately got on board. Thb Gbrmah Immigrants. — Mr. Playford ?fated in the Assembly on Tuesday that he would send to the Agent- General the statement3 of the German immigrants at Hamley Bridge as to the improper charges to which they were sub jected in Germany. Ho was not aware until the present agitation that the agents were allowed to make any charges whatever to intending im migrants. Thb SituaaLnra Cash at Poet Adelaide.— 'We hear that an information has been issued against Mr. and Mrs. W. Beattie in respect to five gallons of whisky found in their house in Dale street, Port Adelaide, which liquor the steward of the Craigendarroch alleges to have been improperly conveyed thero from the ship. The hearing will take place thb morning at the Port Police Court. Children's Hospital.— The Hon. Treasurer ' of the Adelaide Children's Hospital has received the sum of five guineas from the Port Adelaide Carters' Association, being a donation to the funds of the institution. ? Bah-vtavs to Wkntwohxh.— We are in formed that on July 27 the Hon. the Treasurer received the following telegram from the Hon. John Woods, Commissioner of Baihvays in Victoria : — ' I have read your recent remarks on railways, and confirm all you say. Whatever ; point we may touch your boundary - line, our first destination ia Wentworth.' To this Mr. Boucaut sent the followiug reply :--' Thanks for your telegram. Wish, you all speed, and I hope one of these days to meet you at Wentworth. There might be a worse place than that for the future Fedsral capital.' Detkmcbs.— The whole of the telegraphic correspondence in reference to the purchase of an ironclad for South Australian waters has now been laid before Parliament. It was expected that arrangements could have been made for purchasing an ironclad built for the Argentine Republic, but it appears from a telegram sent by the Agent-General on July 3 that the neijotia tion» were unsuccessful. Sir Arthur BlytlT telegram is as follows: — 'Believe purchvse Argentine vessel abandoned ; inspection refused; model steel armour-plates of vessel designed Samuda approved ; Governor coming Lu*itinia ; plans Chinese boats coming mail.' The present strength of the Volunteer Force is 31 officers an J 1 725 men. Of the force originally enrolled nearly 400 have left by resignation or other wise. Sttfbbmb Court Srrraas.— The Court sat ?l! ' in Banco on Tuesday, when the rule in Harvey * y. Birrell on motion absolute was argued at \- .. some length and confirmed, the effect being to . reduce the verdict from £150 to £100. Iu the Matrimonial Causes Jurisdiction the suit of Ferdinand Paul Runnel v. Ellen Kuhnel and Louis Recouff was directed to be tried by affidavit before a Judge; and in the suit of Terrence Francis Keid v. Mary Aim Reid and Jobn Clark a petition for alimony pendent? lit' wns granted. A decree r.ln was also granted in the suit of Emily Lathlean v. Joha Lathlein. Mr. Justice Stow afterwards sit in Equity, when the suit of Gibson v. Si&ker; and an fjparU application in re the District Council of- Port Elliot were, mentioned and adjourned. ? Both Courts will sit again on Monday next. Holdfast Bat Rail-wat Btll. — Sir Henry Ayers intends to move on August 7 for leave to introduce in the Legislative Council a Ittll au thorizing the construction of a railway between Adelaide, Glemlg* and Brighton. .FiDKLiTAS. — A musical and drcmitic per formance in connection with the Fidelitas will be held, in 'White's Rooms to-night. The pro -? gimme includes two comedies, entitled ' He is a Baron' and ' The Straight Way is the best.' : Bazaar is Aid of thh Children's HosrrrAL. — A meeting of Jewish ladies will te held ia \- the Synagogue this afternoon to consider the »bove subject. EeriTT CorRT. — This Court will not sit to . morrow, as iner.tior.eil in Conrt, the business having been postponed Until Monday next. Hest Cuts Racb Peggramte.— The pro gnisnne of the Hunt Club race meeting will be found advertised in another column. Zbb Loah Ferae. — In making bis financial statement on Tuesday the Treasurer referred \- fcho Hfliw^ in a nnitibpr nf v*\nrnn. w^'**-^1 ^f* ^*d prepared^ Ivtng detailed information in refe rence u- many important matters which could not aonveniently be given in a speech of limited length. Several of these papers refer to ques tions connected with the bonded debt of the colony, and will be examined with interest. One statement gives particulars of all the sales of South Australian 4 per cent, bonds in the London market. In May, 187-1, the first loan at this rate of interest was floated, the net realiza tion being £88 8s. G£d. per cent. The results of the later loans have been as follows : — January 1575, £89 7s. 2d.; October, 1875, £91 llg. 5d.; May, 1S76, £92 5a. lljd.; February, 1877, £93 10s. OJd. ; August, 1377, £96 Ss. 9d.; and January, 1878, £94 16s. IJd. When the last loan was placed the market was in a disturbed state owing to the imminence of war, but Sir Arthur Blyth congratulated himself that the amount obtained was 3 per cent, more than was obtained for Queensland bonds. The expendi ture from loan undertakings in 1876-7 was £547,418, and in 1877-8 £1,186,515. The expen diture from loans for public works from ' the earliest date' to June 30, 1878, has been £6,1-12,043. The public debt existing in 18(iS was £1,443,100, or £3 5s. 4d. per head of the population; and in 1877 £4,737,200, or £20 9s. 5d. per head. The loans outstanding and authorized to date amonnt to £7,676,500, bearing interest to the extent of £340,916 per annum. It is proposed to seek authority this session to raise between two and a half and three millions for various public works, including £150,000 for new Parliament Houses, £19,750 for jetties, an amount not yet settled for waterworks, £23,000 for the Northern Territory, £10,000 for deepen ing Port Pirie, £1,820 for deepening Port Wake fitld, a sum not yet fixed for an outer harbour at Port ?Wakefield, £2,041,650 for railways, £S1,000 for drainage in the South-East, £25,000 for telegraph extension, and an amount not yet settled for defence?, including the purchase of an ironclad. The complete list of work3 will be pupd in the Budget speech. ETBANDnco OF thb Eixehbasx.— This oc currence was the subject of a Marine Board enquiry on Tuesday, July 30. It will be recol lected that the ship in making for the Sema phore anchorage went ashore at Point Malcolm at 11 o'clock on the night of July 18. The evidence of the first witness, Pilot Barrett, subsequently in charge of the vessel, miinly related to pilotage arrangements for boarding vessels, and afforded further proof of the ua satisfactory condition of the pilot service. In the opinion of Mr. Everest, the chief officer, the only solution of the problem of how the ship got upon Point Malcolm when steering an apparent rigbt course for the roadstead and using the ordinary precautions was thesuppoai tion that a current had drifted her southward ; but Captain Lane, the master, hinted that it migbt be found reasonable to believe that bid soundings and compass errors combined brought about the accident. It seems that the ship was loaded wtih iron, and the compasses had proved troublesome dnring the whole voyage. The enquiry was adjourned, and will be resumed at 1ft o'clock this morninir. Christchurch, Mount Gambier.— The va cancy in the incumbency of this Church caused by the preferment of the Rev. J. F.Hocter to St. Michael's, Mitcham, has been filled by the elec tion of the Rev. Basil Tudor Craig, D.D. Dr. Craig, who had not then taken his degree of Doctor of Divinity, was for some years employed in this diocese as Missionary Chaplain, and during a portion of his time ministered at Mount Gambier, where he had made a favourable impression and left behind him pleasant recol lections. He is at present acting as locum tenens to Archdeacon Potter, at Christchurch, Ballarat, and will not be able to leave his present post until Christmas. It must be con sidered highly complimentary to Dr. Craig that the Election Committee have in his favour passed over the whole of the clergy now in the diocese, with the exception of Dr. Dendy, who was elected, but declined the appointment. Deep- Ska Fuhisq Cohpasy.— This Company is now nearly formed, and the share-list will probably be closed in a few days. The pro moters are making arrangements for the esta blishment of markets for their fish in the city one at the east end of the town and another in a central position. If it can be managed, the best places for thb purpose would be the two markets already in existence, portions of which might be set apart for the sale oE fish. A great boon will be conferred upon the citizens L/ iiaving such palatable food brought within their reach, especially in the hot summer weather. Theateb Royal.— There was a large atten dance at the Theatre last night, when ' Othello' was repeated for the third time. Mr. Creswick, as on previous representations, received fre quent and it need scarcely be said well-merited applause, Miss Ashton and Mr. Holloway sharing the honours with the tragedian for their excellent rendering of Desdemona and Iago. Ihia evening ' Othello' will be repeated for the last time, when Mr. Creswick wiil take the part of the subtle and designing Iago and Mr. Holloway that of Othello. ? Occupation os ths Laxd.— From a return prepared for the Treasurer we learn that since 1869 the number of acres sold on credit has been 3,359,819, of which 2,691,047 are still held upon agreement to purchase. The total area sold and selected from the foundation of the colony to June 30, 1S7S, was 7,734,405 acres ; leased with right of purchase, 250,000 acres ; leased for pastoral purposes, 104,136,960 acres ; claimed under preferential rights for pastoral purposes, 20,000,000 acres; held under com monage licences, 5,120,000 acres ; and neither occupied, leased, nor claimed, 106,003,435 acres. The figures make 2-13,244.600 acres, the area of South Australia proper. The amount of money due or to be due on credit selections to June 30, 1S87, is £3,868,257, or with the second instal ment of interest due in 1S78-9, 1879-50, and 1880-1, £4,103,466. A Eish Pictueh.— Mr. J. W. Parkin has lately received from Mr. H. J. Johnstone a new picture recently finished by that rising artist. The subject is a fern-tree creek in the Dande nong Ranges, Victoria. Immense bluegum trees tower up ou both sides, and iu the distance a break is seen in the rajge over the tops of the trees. The foreground, as usual iu Mr. John stone's pictures, is water — the creek rippling out from a small still pool under a natural bridge formed by the trunk of a fallen forest giant, both top and bottom of which are concealed in the scrub aad undergrowth. The treatment u bold and vigorous, and the perspective wonder fully brought out, the view being quite stereo scopic. The atmospheric effect is also very finely reproduced, and the treatment of the whole subject entitles the picture to take a very high rank as a work of art. If the painting has a fault it is inthe vividness of someof the colour ing ; but this, if it be a defect— and many will col- regard it as such — is one which our trying climate will very soon rectify by toning down the brightness. Rev. Charles Clark.— Tho reappearance of the Rev. Charles Clark in Adelaide, after his world-wide wanderings, has been fixed for Monday next in White's Rooms, and the subject of the opening lecture will be ' Westminster Abbey' — the 'loveliest and most lovable thing in Christendom.'1 This is one of the new lectures written by Mr. Clark during his recent visit to the old country, and it would surely be uiificult to choose a finer theme for the display of the orilliant orator's exceptional talents than, that glorioos Abbey, every stone of which is a record of heroic deeds, saintly virtues, or puro and beautiful renown. Ab jRiorsB3' Friksds' Association. — A meet ing of the Committee of the Aborigines' Fi lends' Association wa_s held in the South Aus tralian Company's Office, Korth-texrace, on Monday, July 29. There were prssent Mr. C. B. Young (in the chsir), and Messrs. H. Ham mond, H. Hus?ey, J. Pickering, sen., Jas. Scott, and C. J. Holder (Hon. Sec.). The Secretary reported that during the year just closed the revenue had been £1,663 (aa excess upon the estimate), and that the approximate expendi ture, including an amount of £370 for purchase of sheep, exceeded the revenue by a few pounds ; also that 00 acres of land had been put under crop for the coming harvest, the prospects from present appearances being good. It was re solved that it being felt desirable that the Association be incorporated, the Rev. F. W. Cox, Mr. Haasey, and the Hon. Secretary be a Sub Committee to take the steps necessary for the attainment of this result. Wreck kkab Stdnby. — The following in formation has just been received from Sydney by Mr. Tod J : — ' I am informed by the Station master at the Bellinger Biver that the schooner Blackali in attempting to cross the bar inwards this (Tuesday) morning got an. the North Beach, and is reported to be a total wreck, bm ths crew are safe.' Nbw Polltso-plicb.— Mr. Goglin has given notice of motion in favour of the proclamation of a polling-place at Lake Wasgary. QcMmoira n» Pabxiaickst. -In the Legis. litrW Council oa Thufoday MiC Hflgarth' wIH put a series of questions to the Chief Secretary in reference to- the action of the Engineer- in- Chief ia condemning a portion of the work on tl e Port Wakefield and TTudinn. Railway. Ia tl e Assembly this afternoon question* will be } ut by Mr. Coglin a* to the intention of the Government with, regard to altering the pilot system; by Mr. Funier in reference to the survey of a towadilp at or near the Green's Plains Railway Station; by Mr. Bundey as to the precautions taken in appointing licensed land brokers ; and by the same boo. member with regard to discbarge of i-ilt by the dredger Willunga. On Thursday Mr. Darling wfll enquire if the Government intend to cause the hours of the metropolitan police to be made the lame as prior to their increase at the timo of the late burglaries; and Mr. Hare will ask what steps the Government will propose to protect the interests of the public in cases such as that of the Permanent Land and Building Society. On Wednesday, August 7, Mr. Krichaufi will ask the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration if he has instructed the German. Emigration Agent at Hamburg to furnish the free emigrants from the Continent with a free domicile in a depot some days previous to the departure of the ship, and to present them with bedding and mess utensils, as is the case with English immigrants. A CURIOS Case. — The police are at present engaged in investigating what appears to be a very strange case of disappearance. The facts as stated to us are as follows : — In 1876 a man named Miles Cavanagh kept the Bedford Hotel, Woodside, where he lived with his mother and two sisters. He had previously been engaged iu farming in the North, but had sold his farm, and had between £300 and £400 coming to him from the purchaser. He had also a balance in the English and Scottish Bank, and was altogether in easy circumstances, having, so far as any one was aware, nothing to disturb his mind or cause him to behave in an eccentric manner. On the 30th December of that year he left his house, taking the coach for the city, his object being, as he told his relatives, to see his wine and spirit merchants, Messrs. Johnston and Furniss. He arrived in Adelaide, transacted his business, and was seen by various persons at different times up to 11 p.m. on January 2. At that hour a friend left him in Grenfell-street, he being then on his way to an hotel where he had engaged a bed. The name of this house we have not been able to ascer- tain, but it is known to the police. It is said that he did not occupy his bed that night, and from the moment when he parted with his friend all trace of him was lost. He had stated that he intended to return to Woodside by the morning coach. As he did not return and his friends knew of no reason for his absence enquiry was made for him, and the police in the other colonies were communicated with, but up to the present time nothing has been heard of his whereabouts. Lately the Adelaide police have received such information as leads them to imagine that he did not leave the colony as was supposed, and which gives grounds for the sup- position that he may have met with, foul play, but thus far they have not succeeded in making any further discovery. The matter is, however, being carefully looked into, and it is intended to issue handbills throughout the colony containing a printed description of the missing man, with his portrait attached, and a reward of £20 will be offered for any information regarding him. His appearance as described in the Victorian Police Gazette of 1877 is — Stout build, fair hair, florid complexion, large blue eyes, and small moustache, the cheeks and chin being cleanly shaved, age 28 years, height 5 feet 8 inches. The Adelaide Steamtuo Cokpasy. — The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in this Company was held on Tuesday. The balance sheet showed that there was a profit on the operations of the Company of £2,580 10s. 8d. but that as the amount expended on capital account was in excess of the amount of paid-up capital, this had to be transferred to that account, ard there therefore appeared an over draft. Considerable discussion took place rs to the management of the Company's tugs acd boat-', the general opinion being that a practical general manager should be appointed. No definite decision was arrived at on the point. The question of making a call so as to equalize the capital account and thus free the profits was left to be dealt with by the Directors. Pooxa Mntma Coicaht.— The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders is this Company was held at the Company's office on Tuesday, July 30 ; Mr. James Harvey in the chair. The attendance of shareholders was small, but over 2,200 shares were represented. The Chairman moved the adoption of the report and accounts, which was seconded by Mr. W. S. Douglas, and carried. The accounts showed that the expenditure for the half-year had been £775 12s., which had been met to within £40 by calls and sales of ore. Mebcamtilb Marikb Insttrascb Coscpaht.— At the ninth «Tmm»l meeting of this Company, held on .Tuesday morning, the report recom mending the payment of a bonus of 2s. and dividend of Is. per share on the year's opera tions was adopted. The retiring Directors, Messrs. R. Barr Smith and S. Cornish, and the Auditors, Messrs. James Storrie and Wm. Hair, were re- elected. Railway Meeting at Lancelot, Gumbowie. — A meeting was held on Saturday, July 27, in the schoolroom, Lancelot, to consider that part of the Government railway policy respecting the proposed line from Terowie to Section 216 and Yongala. There was a good attendance, and Mr. T. W. Harvey was voted to the chair. The Commissioner of Public Works' speech in pro- posing the second reading of the Bill was read, after which Mr. Andrew Dowd proposed— "That this meeting considers the line already surveyed from Terowie through Gumbowie via Lancelot, thence north-east, be carried out instead of from Terowie to Section 218 and Yongala. The mover said he thought this pro posal would meet the interests of the farmers residing in the Hundred of Gumbowie. He strongly objected to the line diverging off to Section 216, then having to come back, crossing the hills twice, causing unnecessary expense and heavy taxation by the purchasing of land. He spoke in the interest of the community at large and not for selfish views, although the line as proposed to Section 216 would bring the rail nearer to his door. He thought it only fair and just on the part of the Government to carry this line out, as they were all influenced in the selection of land for wheat-growing and town ship allotments for business purposes in the full faith that the Government would adhere to this line. Mr. Robt. O'Connell seconded, and Mr. P. Dollard and other gentlemen supported the proposition, which was unanimously carried. A vote of thanks to the Chairman brought the proceedings to a close. Moonta Bay. — The Kangaroo experienced some rather rough weather at Wallaroo on Thursday night last. After leaving Moonta Bay, where she had discharged her cargo and landed her passengers for Moonto, she went on to Wallaroo, but could not get near the jetty, acd was obliged to anchor some distance off, the passengers being necessarily kept on board all night. On Friday morning Captain Brown slipped both anchors, and made his way back to Moonta Bay, where the Kadina and Wallaroo passengers were landed, to be forwarded by truck to their destination. Our attention (says the Yorkts Peninsula Advertiser) has been very particularly directed to the facts here mentioned by 6ome persons who appear to think that Moonta Bay is not such a bad place after all. Tkavbllbbs' Trocblrs. — The passengers by mail from Adelaide to Kadina were greatly in convenienced (says the Y. P. Advertiser) on Friday evening, July 26, by the truck having been pulled off at the Green's Plains end of the line. The mails and passengers were brought on to Kadina in a buggy, bat did not reach their destination until after 10 o'clock at night. Dkowned at KiDDfA.— From the Forte's Peninsula Advertiser we learn that a little boy named Philps, aged five years, ?waa drowned in a tank at Kadina on Thursday, the 25th inst. From the evidence adduced at the inquest it appeared ths t the deceased and some other chil dren had been playing abont the tank, which waa an open one, when he fell in, and was after wards discovered in the tank by his mother. The Jury returned a verdict of 'accidental death by drowning.' GovKEJOfEST BrxLDnros. — The cost of school houses finished, in hand, or about to be built is estimated at £177,820. The value of the post ofiices aad telegraph stations throughout the country is £135,450; of police stations, £121,820 ; and of local court- houses, £54,300. Chambee or CoiocEEca. — At the quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce which ia to be held to-day Mr. James Macgeorge will introduce the subject of a new proposal for an outer harbour. ChaX-Bhr or Gcaaaatcs.— The quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce will be held to- day. Thb Wreck or tub Jakes Skbvicb.— The enly Se&h; parficulttt that an b* gbftnid,' 'relative to the round voyage of the Tames Service (states the Argus) are the following .'-p She sailed from this part for- Fremantl^, Western Australia, where she took in a cargo of railway sleepers for Calcutta, and having dis charged that cargo took in ? freeh OMgo of country produce and sailed from Calcutta for Melbourne on the 23rd April, clearing the Sand Heads at the entrance to the Hooghly oa tbe 27 th April. After being out a short time the vessel was becalmed for 16 days in the Bay of Bengal. The heat was intense, and Captain, Young sustained a severe sunstroke. This brought on fever, dysentery, and delirium, and there is no doubt but that for some time he was out of his senses. This became so evident that at last it was found necessary to put him under restraint, and the chief officer having assumed the command took the vessel into Penacg. which was the nearest port. In order to justify such a proceeding as superseding the captain, it became necessary to make a cftarge against him, and this was accordingly done. The charge preferred against Capiain Young was to the effect thai; he was incompetent as a seaman, and that he had placed his ship in a position of danger when off the Nicobar Islands. A Court of Enquiry was accordingly appointed to investigate the charge, aud the decision arrived at by that Court is now in Melbourne, but the evidence taken has not yet been received. The Court consisted of the Commis sioner of the Court of Requests, and Acting senior Magistrate of Police, the Harbour Master, who is a lieutenant in the Royal Kaval Reserve, and a nautical assessor. The Court sat at Penang, but the decision has been received through the Chief Secretary's Office, Singapore. The finding of the Court was as follows: — 'We are of opinion, after hearing the evidence produced against the defendant (Captain Young), that it does not support the charge of incompetency as a seaman, and it does not appear that the ship was in danger when off the Nicobar Islands.' The health of Captain Yonng was, however, so bad that it was not considered advisable tbat he should resume command of the vessel, and the agent3 in Penang accordingly engaged the services of Captain Kortwright to bring the barque to Melbourne. It is almost impossible to understand how the vessel could have got to the place where she was wrecked, as she was several hundred miles out of the proper track. The ship and cargo were insured for £25,000, which is pretty well divided among the in surance offices in Melbourne. The Ballarat Courier states that among the passengers on beard the James Service were two sons of Mr. Kelly, fruiterer, of Clunes. They were return ing from India, where they had been performing as ropewalkers and pyrotechnists. Thh River Trade.— Our Goolwa correspon Jent, writing under date July 27, says : — ' The iDxious enquiry is still daily to be heard here^ — 1 Any news of a flood ?' — which I regret to say is ilways answered in the negative. There have been considerable local rains in the country between Wilcannia and Bourke, which will do doubt be hailed with delight by the anxious squatter, bat the effect of which will hardly be perceptible on the river. With the river in this state it this time of the year business can hardly be expected to be very bright, though the the Queen of the South is generally pretty well loaded each week, much of her cargo of late having been for the Murrumbidgee, for which river two steamers have lately left. There is also a considerable quantity af building material required for the new township at the North- West Bend which is coming round tins way, the water carriage being found less expen sive than carting from Kapunda. Tlie con tractors for the wharf extension have hardly got fairly to work yet, having been delayed to some extent by the non- arrival of timber from Echuca, whence their principal supply for this work is to be drawn, but from the manner in which they have begun it is apparent tbat when the necessary material is to hand they are quite competent to carry the work out success fully and with dispatch. When these already authorized extensions to our wharf are accom plished there will be accommodation for about eightj or nine vessels to iiej alongside, which with proper crane appliances to give quick dispatch in loading and unloading1, should be found ample for the trade for some years to come, and prevent the recurrence of such a block as was experienced during last season. Much anxiety has been removed from the minds of the residents in this district by the complete overthrow of Mr. Bright's motion to delay tbe construction of the Port Victor Breakwater. It was felt that the delay in settling the question would be prejudicial to the work itself, as raising a doubt in the minds of would-be tenderers as to whether the work would be carried out at all, thereby rendering their labour and calculations so much wasted time, and it might now be advantageous to extend the time for tenders to be sent in by three weeks or a month. Several large eon tractors from Melbourne have been down to view the place. The shipwrights and mechanics are still busy fitting up the steamer Cadell, intended for the Mouth trade, and it is expected she will be ready for her trial trip in about a fortnight. There are still several barges undergoing repairs on tbe patent slip, bat judging from the number that have been out of water since the season closed the necessary repairs to the river fleet must be pretty nearly completed. ' The Rabbit Nuisahcb rn Victoria.— The Minister of Lands (Victoria) received a deputa tion on Friday, July 26, representing a number of the pastoral tenants of the Crown in the mallee scrub district, who invoked the assistance of the Government in the attempt to extermi nate tbe wild dogs and rabbits, which were ruining tbe runs in that part of the colony. They pointed out (reports the Argui) that: the mallee country waa very poor, and that the settlers had great difficulties to overcome from the want of water. The wild dogs were very numerous and destroyed many sheep ; but the rabbits were now invading the country, and were multiplying so rapidly tliat unless some stringent measures were taken without loss of time] the country would have to be abandoned. The deputation asked that legislation on the South Australian model might be adopted, and that the pastoral tenants might be granted a fixity of tenure, without which country of s» poor a kind would scarcely be worth holding. Mr. Longmore said that complaints had been made to him .by selectors concerning the plague of rabbits. He was assured that no plentiful were they that the dogs were gorged with rabbits, and did not care to catch them, and that notwithstanding dogs were *tied round the hiystacks as a guwd the rabbits ran carelessly between them and attacked tae farmers' produce. He promised to obtain from the officers of the Lands Depart Dient full information, and to pay a visit to the district himself within about a month's time. Thb Tkrowtb Railway. — A deputation, eon sisting of Messrs. A. and J. Aitchison, Williams and T. Hutchins, and eight members of tbe Assembly, waited ou the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. G. C. Hawker) on Tuesday morning, July 30, in reference to the Terowie Railway. The primary object of the deputation was to ask the Government to have a proper survey made of a line from Orroroo running south and west of the Coomooroo Hill, and so on in a northerly direction to strike the Port Augusta line at Pichirichi. It was pointed out that this route would be preferable to the one adopted by the Govern ment, which went in a more easterly direction through Coonatto. Mr. Bright, M.P., and Mr. Ccoke, who -were members of the deputation, expressed their opinion that the settlers in the Northern Areas would be better served by a line running southward to the Port Pirie and Glad stone railway system. The Hon. L. Glyde said tbe difference of opinion among the people interested showed the necessity of referring the whole matter to a Select Committee, as he had already suggested in the House of Assembly. The Commissioner promised to consider the views of the deputation, and agreed with them that the route to Orroroo would have been the best if the country to the eastward had not to be considered. But there waa a large extent of agricultural land eastward of the Walloway Ranges which would be served by the railway to Coonatto, and therefore the Government nad adopted it, the ruling gradients being about the same on each line. Th» HousrABT Bat Railway.— It was intended by the Glenelg Corporation to hold a special meeting to consider the Bill to authorize the construction of the proposed Holdfast Bay Railway, but owing to copies of the Bill not having been received by the Town Clerk the meeting was postponed. Railway. Passssgbb Traffic— Ia the financial year 1375-8 the number of persona who travelled on our railways waa 1,226,825, the revenue from this source being- £66,496. In 1S76-7 there were 1,435.555 passengers, and ihe receipts were £77,776. In 1S7T-8 the travellers/ numbered 1,867,451, and they contributed £69,472 to the revenoe, ? ' ; ; ? ? _- . ... s . . ;\ _ _.'..?!'' A Ghost Stobt. — Tbe Kavttnda Herald (ells the JoHowini ghat rtorytUth* flgpenfeiaf one of our ^members of Parliament ^-'k± well-known member of Parliament recently- called' at - sheep station in the Far North, intending to ?pead a few days there. On arrival he found be gentleman who n to have been, {his hot t absent, but was moat hospitably received by the ladies of the family. It appears that thnhead station has by some means acquired the reputa tion of being haunted — a reputation which in the home country usually attaches itself only to very old castles and other feudal residences. In the coarse of the evening the conversation chanced to turn on this subject, our worthy legislator pooh-poohing the idea and expressing bis utter disbelief in such stories and his profound contempt for such ghostly visitants. In dee eonrse the party broke up. and Retired to their respective couches, but not all to sleep the sleep of the just, for just about the witching hour of mid night our worthy legislator waa awakened by the shaking of his bedstead, and on looking saw at his bedstead the veritable ghost — a very tall figure dressed in white. Fear seized his troubled breast, and he was therefore unable to seize the ghost, which in a moment glided noiselessly awav. In the morning he was up betimes, both looking and feeling very pale. One of the ladies of the family on meeting him remarked on bis careworn appearance, and he sought relief to his troubled feelings by pouring into her sympathizing ear his sad tale of woe. The lady did her best to calm him, and begged him not to mention tbe fact to her sister (who by the way waa much taller than herself) lest ii might seriously upset her, as she was !-o nervous. One singular feature in the affair is that des pite the worthy M.P.'g contempt for ghosts he did not care to risk a second interview with the fi«nre in white* but somewhat uugallantly framed an excuse for ax c.nce bringing his visit to an abrupt conclusion.' Takfbrikq vrrru Qovhbsmbst Advebtisikg. — The members of the New Zealand Ministry have lately established a paper of their own at Wellington, called tbe JV'eir Zealandcr, owned by a Joint-Stock Company. 'Of this Company (says the Canttrlmry Press) the principal share holders are the members of the present Ministry. There is no room for mistake about it. We have the list before u», which any one can verify by examination at the Registry Office on pay nlent of a shilling. The first on the list, and considerably the largest shareholder, is Mr. Seymour George, the newly-returned member for Hokitika. His name is down for 150 shares. It is perfectly well understood that Mr. George is only the nominal holder of these shares ; the real owner is the Premier, Sir George Grey. Mr. Ballance, the Minister for Education, takes anotner ou ; coionei » immore, me v*jiumai Secretary, 50 more ; Mr. Larnacb, lately Colonial Treasurer, and Mr. Stout, the Attorney-General, 50 each; and Mr. Fisher, Postmaster-General, 20\. . The list is made up to 30 by the addition of a numlier of allies and hangers-en of the Government, but the principal shareholders are those we have mentioned/' In commenting upon this the Argus remarks :— ' Possibly the Ministry bad a jwlitical object in starting the paper, 1 ut tbe sequel shows that they are not insensible to the advantage cf combining a com mercial object with this. They took away the Government advertisements from that well known and long-established paper, the jVeic 7.taland Times, and gave them to their own new fledged bantling.' ' By this arrangement (tbe Press points out') we can trace the public money from tbe Trensury straight into the purses of Ministers. In plain terms, they, having by virtue of their position the power of determining into whose pockets the money shall go, choose to put it into their own.' ' Of the many unscrupulous proceedings (continues the Arpus) by which Sir George Grey has shown his utter indifference to the means by which be f ecu res his object, and by which he has so fatilly demoralized tbe public life of bis colony, this about the Government advertisements has the aspect of being, at any rate, the most sordid in its selfishness and the most defiant of every 1 rinciple which a high-minded politician would told in respect.' An Italian Newspafks Coeeespokdhnt m Mfibot/hkh. — As an evidence of the increasing interest in Australian affairs noticeable on the Continent of Europe, we (the Argvs) may mention that the Directors of a leading Italian review, La Rirista Europca, published monthly in Florence, have appointed Signor Ferdinando Gagliardi, a Doctor of the University of Pisa, their correspondent in Melbourne, 'for the purpose of writing occasionally articles on the Press aad literature in Australasi*.'* Dr. Gagliardi will be glad to receive any papers, magazines, or books intended for notice or review in the columns of La Iiiv:sta Europea, addressed to him at the Italian Consulate, William-street. AcsTBAiiAH Patriotism. — 'iEgles,' in the Australasian, tells that 'a genuine Australian patriotism is in process of development — it is almost needless to say, not in politics. A young Australian in one of the English Universities, who is a first-class cricketer, was lately asked to play in a match at a particular date. He was ju-t about acceding with pleasure to the request, when be enquired against whom the match was to be played, and was Informed the Australian Eleven. He promptly declined: on the ground that he would not play against his countrymen.' Thb Mobaijtt of thb Stags. — An English contemporary of a recent date publishes the fol lowing : — ' The Rev. Mr. Haweia, at the oom mencement of a sermon upon Shakspeare and tbe Stage, delivered last Sunday at St. James's, Marylebone, broadly laid down the proposition that unless the play had necessarily an immoral tendency, and unless actors were necessarily bad men. it behoved the Church not to repudiate the drama, but to attend to its condition and en courage any needed reform. If a bad and corrupt play were presented they should ' let the people know their opinion of it and let tlie actors see they did not approve it. But they should go to plays which were ennobling and good; praise them, go again, learn all the lessons that they teach ; be recreated, restored, and let their characters be moulded and formed upon noble and true models.' What was wanted was a public opinion on tlie play, private sympathy with the actor, Rnd public subsidies to the theatre. He hoped that the opening of the Shakspeare Memorial Buildings at Stratford-on- Avon would inaugu rate a brighter period for the drama and stage in England.' Seefekts Among thb Books. — We don't know (writes the Sydney Kcko) where the following story came from, but there is some truth in it, we fancy :— One day a gentleman in India went into his library and took down a book from the shelves. As he did so he felt a slight pain in his finger like the prick of a pin He thought a pin had been stack by some careless person in the cover of the book. But £con his finger began to swell, then his arm, and then his whole body, and in a few days he died. It was not a pin amor.g the books, bnt a small and deadly serpent. There are many serpents among the books nowadays. They nestle in the foliage of some of our most fascinating litera ture; they coil around the flowers whose per fume intoxicate the senws. We read, we are charmed by the plot of the story, by the skill with which the characters are sculptured or grouped, by tbe gorjcotisness »f the word painting, we hardly feel the pin-prick of the evil that is insinuated, bat it stings and poisons us. When the record of Imman souls is made up, on what multitude will be inscribed, Poisoned by the serpents among tbe books !' A Gaede--ee Bird.— Under this title the Gardeners' Chronicle gives a description, with illustrative woodcuts from original sketches drawn on the spot by Signor Beccari, of a bird which is not only an expert architect — building a ntst like tbe bower bird of Australia — but also a gardener, laying out a garden in front of it. The bird is a native of New Guinea, and makes its nest of the stems of an orchid. In front of the nest a dTessed lawn of moss is formod, on wLich tne attentive male places day by day for the delectation of his mute flowers and fruits of bright colours and pleasing flavonr. The orchid, which belongs to a hitherto unknown cpecief, has been described in fnll by Professor Reicbenbach. Ihhig ratios. — During the financial year 1S75-6 the number of immigrants introduced into the colony was :!,e46 ; in 1S76-7 the total was 8,5C6, and in 1S77-3 the number was 4,134. It is estimated that below 4,000 and 5,000 will be brought in during tbe current financial year, making a total of from 20,490 to 21,490. The IssTrrcTB. — Mr. Carr has given tiotice that he will make the following additional pro position with regard to 4ns Institute, vit : — 'That the buildings required and authorized for the Institute should be forthwith erected.' Bajtk Chaxgb. — It is stated that Mr; Alex ander, Manager of the English and Scottish Bank at Moonta, has been appointed to sneoeed Mr. Sidings (transferred to Mount Gambiex) at tie KAjranda branch of the rnrtitoiion. :' ' : 