REPLY TO MIR. N. KINSAMAN. Sir.--In looking over Mr. Kinsman's continuation of his first lecture I find that he deals very largely in newspaper reports. and other matter that might very well have been left out. He has chosen to assail the Church and her doctrine, and it is from Church authors and formularies that I will answer him. Mr. Kinsman quotes from'the 42 Articles of 1552 to prove that Christ went down into Hell, and then he adds this is by authority. No, sir, this is not by authority; it was, but these Articles were repealed by Queen Mary, and when brought forward in Elizabeth's reign, 1562. the part Mr. Kins man thinks so much of was struck ou:. The Articles were then left 38 in number. In 1571 another was added, making up the 39 as they stand at present. Sir-Before Mr. Kinsman rushes into print again to condemn the Church of England, it would be well for him to ascer tain what her teaching is. If he could have seen the distinction between Hades and lGehenna he would have saved himself from his present humiliating position. It would take up too much of your space to deal folly with this subject, so I will only give a few brief extracts from Church authors for the benefit of your readers. Browne, on the 39 Articles, says- -"The word Hell as used in the Article is plainly borrowed from the Apostles' Creed..... It . . . may fairly be assumed that the Greek word Hades is the word of Scripture which both the Creed and the Articles render Hell, &c.;" Welchman on the Articles says :-"What is the old meaning of the word Hell? Answter: The place of departed spirits, both of the righteons and the wicked." Again, when speaking of the resurrection of Christ as recorded in Acts II.27, he says:-" What is the Greek word trans lated Hell in that passage? Answer: Hades, the unseen World." I think this is enough on the word Hell I would, however, strongly recommend your readers to procure the works I have given extracts from; also the 39 Articles, by Dr. Jelf. If they cannot get them I will allow anyone to eopy from nnne. And now I must pass on to Mr. Kinsman's alterations in the Athanasian Creed. By his own showing he has mutilated another ancient document. In the first ve se he has struck out "before all thingu," he has also swept away the second and sent the last to keep it company. And then he says:-"But the doctrine of the Creed is not altered." Then why alter it? Why spoil an ancient document, when he confesses that his so called amendments have not improved its doctrine? What did he revise it for? Be cause the parts are objectionable! Wel, sir, after this the. best thing Mr. Kinsman can do is to lay violent hands on the Bible and remove some of the words of the Master, because they are equally objection able to milk.and-water Christians. Allow me to remind Mr. Kinsman that if he is to enter into rest, "before all things he must hold the Catholic faith." In our great Master's first sermon we find these words: "Bat seek ye first the Kingdom of God and His righteousness," aye, and he must keep whole and undefiled too, or without doubt he will perish everlastingly. Can it be that Mr. Kinsman has forgotten the words, " He that believeth and is baptised shallbe saved, but he that believeth not shall be damned." Also, "He that rejecteth Me and receiveth not my words hath one that judgeth him; the word that I have spoken the same shall judge him in the last day." The last verse of the Creed only says: "This is the Catholic Faith, which except a man believe faithfully he cannot be saved." Will Mr. Kinsman say that the Creed does not teach the Catholic Faith? If he grants that it does, will he dare teach men that they can be saved without believing it faithfully ? The words of Christ are as stro-g as the words of the Creed and yet Mr. Kinsman will eliminate certain passages because he says they are objectionable. Mr. Kinsman's next point is the custom of bowing at the name of Jesus. Sir. it is only a custom, not a doctrine, and I do r ot think that Mr. Kinsman would be any the worse, but possibly a great deal better, if he would observe this custom. Those who do not bow are under no pains or penalties, those who do show outward reverence, that is all. ot being a State Church here. I can afford to lay Queen Elizabeth's Injunc tion aside, though I perfectly agree with it, but Mr. Kinsman will t erhaps te:1 us how bowing is illegal when it is actually ordered by the Church herself. The Canons and Constitutions of the Church agreed upon by Convocation in 1603, are very explicit on this point. Canon 18 says:--" . . . at the saying of the Belief. according to the rules in that behalf prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer: and likewise when in time of Divine Service the Lord Jesus shall be mentioned, due and lowly reverence sLall be done by all persons present, as it hath been accustomed; testifying by these out ward ceremonies and gestures,. their inward humility, Christian r-solution. and due acknowledgment that the Lord Jesus Christ the true and eternal Son of God, is the only Son of God, is the only Saviour of the world, in whom alone all the mercies, graces, and promises of God to mankind, for this life, and the life to come, are fully and wholly comprised." Bowing towards the east is not com manded or authorized, so I leave the people who do illegal things to answer forthem selves. In the Baptismal Service Mr. Kinsman has dispensed with spors ir, statingthat they are not required, and yet he says that parents appear for their own children. He has als struck out of the second prayer the words, " that he, coming to Thy holy baptism, may receive remission of sins by spiritual regeneration." I do not say much about this, as Mr. Kinsman declares he does not believe in it. This, then, must be a disputed point between us. I do believe in it, and it is one of the greatest comforts of my life to know that my departed loved ones who did not sin by actual trunsgression received remission of (original) sins by spiritual regeneration. I think the following pas sages are clear on this point. " Peter said unto them, Repent and be baptised, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of sins." Acts II, 38. And again, " Not by works of rixhteousness which we have done, but according to His mercy He saved us by the washing of legeneration and renewing of the Holy Spirit," Titus III, 5. Many say that little ones cannot receive the Holy Spirit. Sir, I think this is a reckles; statement; at all events I could not make it . I know that God called to a child, " Samuel,. Samuel." and revealed certain things to him. I know too that the Angel said to Zacharias: " Thy wife Elizabeth shall bear thee a son . . . and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost even from his mother's womb." Luke I, 13.15. Sir, I have no desire to argue on this subject because I am aware that many excellent people do not believe as Ido, but they do not alter our Prayer Book. In concluding this letter let me s ty that I will not bring the statements of Captain Perry, of Williamstown, forward, but I will transfer to your pages the opinions of our late esteemed diocesan. Bishop Perry " 1. Regeneration is that operation of the Spirit of God upon the heart, which pro duces 'a death unto sin, and a new birth unto righteousness.' (Catechisms) By re generation we are made members of Christ, children of God, and inheritors of the Kingdom of God." (Catechism) ' 2. Baptism is the Sacrament of regener ation, which is the particular grace prayed for, expected, and thankfully ac knowledged to have been received in the Baptismal Service. "4. The Church in her office for the. Baptism of infants, and in that for the Baptism of adults, uses the language of faith and hope; and it is not to be under stood as declaring positively a fact, which it cannot certainly know, viz, that every baptised infant, or every baptised adult, is regenerate. "8 Parents are nowhere mentioned in the Articles, or in the Bap'ismal Service; but infants are baptized, because they p-omise repentance and faith by their sureties. These sureties, or s-onsors, are to be duly qualified persons; and no one is to be admitted godfather or godmother, before the said person, so nndertaking. has received the Holy Communion. (Canon xxz.) The Church, however, has not positively affirmed, that the unworthiness of sponsors disqualifies an infant forreceiv ing the grace of Baptism. "Having thus stated my own views of the doctrine of our Church concerning Holy Baptism, I would unite with my Right Reverend Brethren in expressing, "L My cordial and entire agreement with all the Articles and Formularies o( our Church in their plain and fall mean ing. and in their literal and grammatical sense; " 2. My willing disposition to accept and use them in the manner which is appointed, and (with especial reference to our present subject) to carry on the word of Christian education in the firm belief, thatinfants do receive in baptism the grace of regener ation; "3. Above all, my unfeigned thankful?t ness to Almighty God for the gift and preservation of these inamtia?nbhl ...n "C. MELBUTitNR" Yours, &c.;, JOiHN CATON. St. Philip's, March 20. 