"THE BIBLE FOR THE WORLD." A LECTURE DELIVERED 1ST THE TOWN HALL, HOBART TOWN, JUIiTE 14, B¥;,TH;í¡^? ßEti. A. N, SOMERVILLE, D.ft; GKL.A.SGOW. 1\. To say that the Bible is the most wonderful i booK in the world iS to convey but an inadequate idea^of it.k The volume differs'from'-all others(ral this; that from beginning to end it'is the very word0 of' God. The' Bible is the only infallible authority' . visible on earth. It is the sole depository of saving"' truth in 'the world. It contains nothing but truth. It is the treasury in which God has stored up all his ' promises, and is'tlie record in which are inscribed all' his commands.' It is fraught with imperishable'' benefits" to man, "and is destined to effect changes' among all nations greater far than fleets and armies j' art, science, philosophy, and merely human literature ' wiUveverj accomplish» The Bible is, indeed, the beautiful mould in which humanity is to be recast;, and where it, is to take on it, the* lineaments and , features it possessed in Paradise, ¡i > .< \- i ». '2) When it is wished that the memory of great ' deeds or of illustrious men'should be perpetuated^ it; is customary to erect jmonumentáia commemoration, such as pillars, obelisks, ^statues, arches) and pyra- mids. The Bible is a monument which Jehovah lias ' raised to his own renown in the midst of the earth, and on winch He has chiselled the'record of Creation, Providence, and llcdcinption. Unlike that pile which the children of men built in the plain of Shinar-rj that tower of pride and folly which was called Babel ("confusion") because at its base mankind were con-'i founded in their speech, ,and thence were scattered over the face of the earth-the Bible is a monument - radiant with, the glory of God. At its base carnal confusion ends, dhine order begins. Around it then scattered tribes of eaith are destined to rally, and,to '. be united in the bond ,of Truth, Holiness, and Love.' ' Before it discordancy in speech ceases; all nations-' acquire one language, and leaint to chaunt in har- mony one hymn-the song of the Lamb, i ^ i - ' 3\. There is something of the mysterious about ,the Bible,' which belongs to it alone. Look at the book, as it lies before you, so noiseless and so unassuming.^ I have said it is destined to effect wonderful changes on earth, but I may aver more than this. The book has already exerted a strange influence on the agen- cies of heaven. For upwards of four thousand years after the creation of Adam, God was wont to commun nicate Ms will to man in a, variety of ways ; such',as by visions, dreams,' Divine appearances, voices from , heaven/the pillar of cloud and of fire, the glory "be-, tween the cherubim, the Urim and Thummim, in- spired men raised up 'in succession from age to age, miracles,'supernatural,signs, and very markedly by the ministry of angels1. What has become, of au these modes of instruction9 Why are no such, methods in use now*-" All of them seem to have ceased about the close of the first century after Christ's birth, i I do not believe there is an authentic account of the appearance of a single angel for the last 1770 years: I may almost say the same thing of ' miracles ; certainly of inspired teachers. The infidel scoffs when we speak of miracles and of angelic visits in the olden time. "* It is delusion to suppose that" such things ever were. > If they did occur, why," he says, " are they never witnessed now? " - > We can give an answer to the infidel. IT IS THE BIBLE WHICH, BY ITS MYSTERIOUS ENERGY, HAS CLOSED ALL THE CHANNELS OF COMMUNICATION ! While there was no written word, and during the whole period when the Bible was in preparation, visions, prophets, miracles, and angels were employed in God's intercourse with the world ; but no sooner was the canon of scripture closed than all these agen- , cies,were withrawn. As regards all such visible and audible modes of communication, the Bible shut the ¡ gates of heaven. Are we then to think that the ' I ? 'il Bible has deprived the world of advantages pre ¡ viously possessed, and that it would be better for us . to have prophets, miracles, and angels- than to he as 1 we'are1?! Ah, no- The Bible contains within itself more than all the forces lodged in the instrumentai^ ties.previously employed. We, who hold in our hand ' the completed Scriptures, possess «a blessing more, valuable than what the Church enjoyed when autho-. I ritative visions_were witnessed, oracular voices were heard, miraculous signs astonished the beholder, inspired, prophets taught and sang, and angels with snowy vesture and countenance like lightning de*t i livered GötPsI'message to men. ' ' ' r "4-. The Bible has in our day and in our land nume- rous assailants. Its authority is set aside. 'Many of its contents are said to be legendary, mythical, and inaccurate, and some of its mightiest facts to be un- worthy of belief. In certain quarters—I speak of my own country—the great verities of God's Word are being covered with tawdry ceremonial and reli- gious gewgaw as childish as they are unscriptural. Further, the supremacy of the Divine oracles has since 1870 been set at nought among us as elsewhere by the dogma of the Infallibility of the Pope. The leviathan of Rationalism that so long has oppressed Germany, and which has straddled over into the low- lands of Holland, and done much mischief there, has swum across the North Sea, crawled up our island shores, shown among us its scaly proportions, and, with open jaws and merciless teeth, has made its way among our men of culture. Rationalism, another monster, with glossy skin, more serpentine movement, and toothed with venomous fang, is trailing its slimy way among the gentler, weaker, and more excitable members of society, and is threatening many provinces with serious danger. While, again, a thoroughly organised system, which Í do not characterise, but which is fraught with peril to souls, is persistently watching an opportunity to tear down some person of rank, or of ecclesiastical position. Against this triple antagonism, the Bible, all alone, has to hold its ground. I do not say there is1 no'reason to fear for the souls of deluded indivi- duals. Alas ! many may fall before the insidious adversary, but the lovers of the Bible need not tremble for the Bible itself. It has encountered too many assaults, and has out-lasted too many storms, to give way now. The Bible it is which has made our country what she is. To the Bible we owe our civilisation, advancement, and prosperity. Under its benign and stately tutelage, Great Britain has grown up to be the noblest of European nations. If we lose our faith in the Bible, and our attachment to it, the loss will be our own. The Bible itself will remain in its unimpaired strength, grandeur, and beneficence -like the lighthouse on the rock, it will defy the hurricane. The fogs of scepticism, superstition, and imposture may gather round it, and for a time may obscure the brilliancy of its beam. The surge of human passion, the waves of irreligion, worldliness, and enmity to God may roll up its white shaft, and for the moment overtop it with foam and spray. The whirlwind of recreant unbelief may rave and strike furiously against it, but the Divine Pharos will still abide—its foundation secure, not a stone of its fabric displaced, its light streaming tranquilly athwart the gloom to assure the agitated heart. The Bible is the word of the Living God. There need be no alarm for it; let us reserve our salutary fears for ourselves. 5\. The friends of the Bible do not deprecate criti- cism, nor the keenest scrutiny. No book has en- countered so much sifting as it. If criticism could have availed to demolish it, the book would have been annihilated long ago. Like the Word Incarnate, the Word written has been "for a sign to be spoken against " From the early days of Celsus and Porphyry, till the present hour, thè New Testamentm though 'charged -with priceless blessing, has excited the enmity of man ; yet the book is to-day what it has been, and what it will continue to be. Grand old Moses-will' remain immovable; as the giant rock ra' the seething ocean ; John's Gospel- will still' abide- as I regard it-the simplest, the deepest, the richest, the sweetest, the most majestic, and most wonderfal of i compositions in the world. As well try to annihi- late the -angel Gabriel as to extinguish that Divine Book. Notwithstanding the errors, heresies, idolatries, and apostacies, the wasting feuds, contentions, and the strife of sects that disfigure Church history ; not withstanding the captivities, persecutions, and revolu tions—that have occurred during the ages; notwith- standing the audacious literary frauds, forgeries', and tampering with documents in days gone by ; notwith standing the hot zeal of scepticism, the efforts of un- scaring modern criticism, and the unscrupulous hatred to which the Scriptures have been exposed; the 39 books of the Old Testament and the 27 books of the New remain to-day, exactly as they have been. God,- as might Have been expected, has watched over the, sacred canon. Like Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed- nego, the books have been cast into a furnace seven times heated, but as of these young confessors of the olden tine, we may say of these books, that "over them the fire has had no power, nor has the smell of ' fire passed on them'." . ' ! ii ' ' 6\. The Bible will assert its own. Again and again has it astonished mankind with its íunlookeoVibrf effects. For example,.iu the, year A.n. 403, and con- ru tinuing to A,D 311, the most frightful of all persecu- tions on record took place. Blood flowed in almost unimaginable torrente throughout the Boman. Em- pire- There was a deluge of blood. Among then objects against which imperial edicts aimed their lightning were the sacred books of the Christians.' These were ordered to be delivered up on pain af> death, and were publicly burned and destroyed^ Christianity was threatened with extinction. Yet in; two years from that awful crisis the Word of God, atv if rising from the tomb, -asserted its strength, andjl strange to say, the Boman Empire, previously-; heathen, and wildly persecuting, declared itself Christian; and, at the Council of Nice, in Bithynia^ in 325, the four Gospels were placed by the Empero*-; ona lofty throne in the midst of that famous assembly,., in sign of 'the Bible being the supreme rule,in4 controversy.'. ( , "' , ., -Again, when, after centuries of darkriess, arising' from the influx of the northern barbarians, add'still more from the growth of superstition, the Scriptures., had well nigh passed out of sight, all at once, thej Word of God in 1517,«praug anew from the sepulchre.; The effect was the glorious Reformation, whicK shortly spread over half of Europe, in which our own' happy country shared, and which, indeed, has changed the face-of the world. ' ' The unparalleled diffusion of Scripture in two hun- dred and sixteen tongue: throughout the world at the present time is preparing the advent of a day of wonder. One spark from the Spirit of God is aH,thatG will be needed to summon forth a blaze of spiritual light in the darkest regions of the globe. 7\. In a lecture such as this it is 'impossible to give" a proper idea of the contents of the Bible. We kriow ' what it is to visit an exhibition of works of art, and to regale the eye with the brilliant products of the genius of painting. For a'specimen of the contents of the Bible let us visit for a few moments the central' hall merely, ofthat heavenly exhibition which God has prepared far us in the Bible, and over the portal 'of winch iaU the nmtac « CHRIST " is inscribed-. As as Thèse :-^P*ï inq^paraïte f|fe^^^?jïist's ' Penon ; thantguitföf B»^OrÄjMe ccaáplefeness of His Wo*m»h*ír©n earUt. *?». power of His ? ResurreotioEt; "the. hjfcin&aj; joí I^ASOSBSÍO»; the s mevaleiiHofJBiaab&áclttioB^ Tie prerogatives of £ His kingly Crown ; His Mediation and Ministry in heaven; the exhaustless fulness of His Grace. The uniqueness of His Character among men ; the fault lessness of His Example; the mj-trrjMi^r-Tjrtici^^^ of His Teaching. The tenderness offf$fHBynTjMtfay?"|s the flow of His Compassion ; His Joy^éverHis ty^tß .deemed. The grandeur of His Offices *3^f v"j^^5}1 of His Aspects ; the preciousnÄ ff Hi* .B*Ufion-£^ ?hips. The amplitude of His T%jfat!a!tK¿?*meivér-!>K^ tainty of His Threatenings j the compass of His Doctrrnfcs^the contprefcenstveaess^fHi* Tfeceptsf / The reality of His Union with' the Church, which' is" His body; the holiness, and rruitfulness, and blessed- ness of His People ; the riches of His Inheritance in t the Saints. The majesty of Hi* ^nrforf; the Î wonders of His Word; the adequacy^ His Orâi aances. The universality of His Providence; the suitability of His Dealings; the scope of His world- wide Commission. Christ, as the Divine Image and Mirror of the Father ; Christ, as the sublime object given to tile Holy Spirit to glorify in the world; Christ, as the Substance of the revelations of God. Christ, iby whom all things wera created ; Christ, fin" wiuyta.All things were created; Christ, in «whom, all things «shall be gathered!; togethernin one The: sovereignty of His Grace; the efficacy of His Atoning Bloodj>ithe merit of His justifying Bightéousnessl*' HitjOrerthrow of Satan ;. His victory over Sin'; His triumph over Death. The fireeness of His Gospel; His healings of Backsliding ; His uoslumbering Care»' fuhtessifor His sheep. The indwelling of His Spirit iajielievers; the operation of His Spirit ; the power of His Spirit. The testimony of scripture to His1 Coming again; the solemnities of his Judgment-seat; arid His eternal Glory. i What,, but a hand Divine was competent to pro- duce such pictures of Christ as these ? Think' you God will permit such Divine masterpieces as tbeseto be, destroyed? r, . « - ~8. TheBible is a book for the world. It is ¡t¡he educator (pf the human race. Oriental in original character though it be, it is suited for 'all lands and for',ali('ages. Oriental ! Yes; but let us remember that more than half of the globe is Oriental, and the/ Orientals are waiting to receive their own book. The Bible is adapted also to all periods of human life. In Paul's last epistle, written shortly before martyrdom, the fécond Epistle to Timothy, we have two pleasant photographs. The one represents a cottage amid the Cuidan Hills. An educated lady is sitting outside, with a little boy of delicate frame at her knee, and who has not yet learned to read. On her lap are spread some parchments. To these she is pointing, whfleher motherly eyes are looking down into those of the little child. In the background stands an old lady, gazing benignantly at the pretty boy as he is receiving his lesson. What photograph is this ? It is a scene in Lycaonia. The woman seated with the parch- ment before her is the Jewess Eunice ; the little boy is Timothy, her son; the old lady behind is the grand- mother. The mother is telling the child the story of Cain and Abel, or of Moses in the ark of bulrushes ; of Sampson and the jawbone of the ass ; of David and Goliath; of Elijah and the chariot of fire; of Jonah1 and the whale; or of Daniel and the den of lions. By such methods it was that Timothy "knewthe Scripture from his youth." The other photograph represents a dismal prison., An old man is sitting in chains; all is miserable around him. Another man, of fine countenance, is in the cell with him, who, with parchment on his' I knee, is writing at the old man's dictation. The martyr's crown is glittering over the venerable speaker's head, and he is in che act of sending.his lut,instructions to an eminent minister of God, left in L onerous charge, in a great city far away. That prison-house is a common gaol at Rome. The, [old man in chains is the great Apostle of the Genfiles, soon to die for Christ on the scaffold.1 The amanuensis is faithful Luke, the physician. The letter is being addressed to Timothy, now the apostle's i much-trusted evangelist, in the maturity of his years and usefulness. And what are the words Luke has penned at the moment when the photograph is being taken ' They are the commendation to Timothy by I the great apostle, in this his latest voice, of the study of thosk very holy Scriptures which his mother taught' | him when a little child " Continue in themj thou hast known them from -thy youth. 'All Scripture is given by ^inspiration from. God. It is probable for instruction in righteousness, that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished, unto all good works." , The Scripture suits the eminent minister)! asât suits the little boy. Of what book under the^ sun, save the Bible^ can it be said that its utterances are alike available for man from the earbest to the \ latest period of his life s 9\. Let there be no -wavering of our faith in the ffr'ftMfflMWiiM*iifnWKfr*'"^^"*""'~*'***~~*~ - lfpn|fjK£*^ but My word*s||55|fpass awpiy.*;. £ fc^rÄs)»l«t:wflU^ndiTOfe it¿ BUpfeAá%^lnd take "care" ^biÄitt H*that falls on-thiXinipeHfoiJs stone shall: | ^|be|prääen. ^^Let none think ^tiitaf its^fcwer is gone/- .-'' I ^thaj^ip|8 out of date, and ùmwitedjo modern thought '^ áS"-Hffií?1í no'apiritual weapon. likVit. rlfcpart from Ü11J- S Oriental fable, this assuredly is the true, "Wonderful wildest Arabian dreamer never conceived! When ^ JIL'* laJap-JB^Jaiblaed^ with-lhe hy»riV"f faith, pX-^ Í* feS«nf^id|^a^pmyeÂ~*^gnat .pSj^HntellSp^' J^ef^ouuti^takelHia^aretiesi^ wh«l£ P m&m;à*y *Ö)fß pulünfpn.on^^ihddílpl' Ve a^-wWTmake^tfceonob&j;^ * "Iwnot ashlmi&of; ttóe^pel offch*^^?-»»- ^ the power of God unto salvation to every one that be fe iiareth>to;the Jew fiwt, and,also to the Greek"- ; When Yâul held up that lamp'id the cities'' of heathenism, the fettere dropped from the limbs of the J captive^ sin'« tyranny wai broken,* thousands were i rescued from perdition ; tiieimi|gei>fvGod was.given back to the soul ; ^multitudes became possessed of un- searchable riches i .the kingdom, of God, which is righteousness and peace, and'joy/in.the Holy Ghost, was set up in the heart ; a new and blessed brother- hood amonejnen sprang into existence ulhejabric of_ idolatry and superstition among "the nationalen to pieces, and the fair temple of Christianity rose in in- comparable beauty from its ruins. 1 ! ii V l"l «J U.-The InspiratiQii oj the Bible.! ¡ ,, , \- 'li "All Scripture is given by inspiration of God." There are some who speak of the writers of Scripture being inspired in the same manner as Milton, Shake- speare, Dante, or Goethe may rhetorically be said to have been. Such views of inspiration are unworthy to be discussed here, and I shall pass from them without further renurk. 2\. Others consider inspiration of Scripture to be in its nature similar to that of spiritual illumination, with this difference-that inspiration is illumination higher in degree. This is a mistake. Illumination is common to all Christians; inspiration, was limited to, a few. Illumination continues throughout all ages, but inspiration has long since ceased. Illumi- nation is capable ef increase ; inspiration is the same in all cases, and admits not of degrees-no one hook of Scripture is more inspired than another. Illumination is a grace inseparably connected with personal salvation; inspiration, on the other hand, is a gift, but not a saving grace; it was bestowed for the purpose of making known the mind of God ; and though commonly imparted to holy men, yet it was sometimes exercised by wicked persons; as, for example, by profane King Saul, the miscreant Balaam, the lying prophet of Bethel,-and even by the apostate high priest, Caiphas. Illumination is always in com- bination with sinful infirmity in man, and is thereby marred in its effect; inspiration, though exercised by sinful men, was not weakened by their infirmities, nor was it unpaired in its action thereby. , 3\. But, again, there are those who admit that a supernatural revelation of Divine truth has been given, and that the writers of Scripture received that revelation from God ; bat then, they main- tain that, with such a supernatural revelation made to the writers, the inspiration of Scripture ended ; i.e., the revelation of the truth to the minds of the writers was the only inspiration that took place. They distinguish, you will observe, between the revelation of truth made to the minds of the writers, and the divine inspiration of the BECOBD, in which that revelation is embodied. They hold by the former, while they discard the latter. They consider that God, in a supernatural manner, communicated certain ideas to the writers, but that he left it to the men thereafter to commit to writing these ideas in words entirely of their own choosing and in the way t they hked best. The reason for making the distinc- tion I have referred to is, that it is supposed that in this way we may account for what men are pleased to call occasional obscurity, redundancy, feebleness \ of expression, local allusions, extraneous matters,, trivial details ; and they are even bold enough to say, improprieties, inaccuracies, and errors. Men think that the great diversity of the style of the sacred writers is inconsistent with the inspiration of their language. They are confirmed in this view by finding that the peculiar style of each writer corresponds withjthe mental and moral characteristics of the indi- vidual. So that the style of David, of Paul, and of John, for example, severally resembles the peculiar mental constitution of those persons. - Now, as to the redundancies, trivial matters and errors, etc , of the Scripture, I shall ' only say for myself, that, after a careful study of Scripture for nearly fifty years, I have discovered none of these things. With regard to the supposed trivialities, I am more than ever impiessed with the value of the lessons that can be gathered from them. With good Robert Haldane, to whom Switzerland and Scotland are so much indebted, I would say, that the man who rejects as inspired such passages as those about Paul's " cloak " and Timothy's " little wine," because they #hfpÄ^ that the worm^OT>^»hr1onf j w^npt'thefcÄof God,*becnu^it;»píe|«»to him -*& 8w^**iH!-i - rñ iJvi H , j ßäAig to m {Ènety* ia tó** atyfe'pif tljlf writers, 1 |C Al« adim«iíAistence. The-flíblííis Ulai; a garden, ^{o^whlcli varw^ln the form^^öWnff»iailr%rance of the flowers, imparts an indescribable charm. There is doubtlesp, too, a correspondence between the style of the writer and his personal qualities. Still, it does not follow tjflB*gftg men who wrote the Scripture were left tojimnrtewn resources in the choice of lan- guage, or a^^a^B^îçaode of putting Divine ideas on record. *^^^IrÄ|nt|_and' human are wonderfully '? blended ifjj^ PKPM»4»011 of Scripture, but not, I believe, aftërthisTashion. I object to this view for five reasons. Becauseu(l).on this tlieory thcije would , mjt ke" security'againstf the ddmbeioj of JiimUrf, error in the writer's statement of Divine truth, and we should not there/ore have a guarautec for the purity / of Scripture. (2);We could not be certain that the L jtvhole of theitruthi made known to the men by God had been communicated by them to us, and so have guarantee for the integrity of the Divine revelation in the Scripture. (3) We could not be insured against mistakes by the writers in narrative and in the state- ment of doctrinal truths, and so have guarantee for the accuracy of Scripture. (4) We could not know whether the revelation of God had been recorded in language most worthy of its Author, and most appro- priate^ for the instruction and well-being of mankind ; and sp have a guarantee for its adequacy to accom-d plish/its end, and therefore for the perfect suitability of the language of Scripture. (5) Under such a,view, ' there would be involved a mixture of the Divine and,* infallible with the human and fallible, without at the ? same time any rule being given to us by which we conld distinguish the one from the other; i.e., what; was of God and what was of mau. In this way we . should be deprived of an indisputable warrant, for what we were to believe and to practise. Such a, view would unquestionably interfere with the authority oj Scripture. Let it be recollected that it is not with the ideas' as they exist in the mind of another, that we come in ' contact, and have immediately to do, but with the words or form in which the ideas are expressed. We do not regulate our procedure in civil life by the ideas of the legislators who pass an Act of Parliament, buti by the words of the Act itself. Belief in the inspira- , tkm of the langaage of the Bible, as well as of the. supernaturalness of the revelation, would seem to be necessary to a reverent and dutiful submission to the authority of the Scripture. 4\. Now, all that has here been said is borne out by the testimony of the Bible itself. It is not the Divine ideas in the writers' minds that are spoken of in the Bible. We constantly read of the "Word of God," ' "the Words of Eternal life," "the Words which the Holy Ghost teacheth," "the Voice' of God," ' " thus saith the Lord," " the Spirit of the Lord spake by me," " His words were in my tongue " ; while, "Holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost:" Again, the Bible is called "the Scripture," the thing not thought of but written, and it is systematically cited thus : " It is written." The word "Scripture" occurs in the New Testament about fifty times, and always with reference to the Bible. We find that the greatest weight is sometimes made to rest, nay, a whole argument to be grounded,, on a single word of Scripture, and matters of gravest im- portance are suspended on the use of a single word j as when John records in his Gospel that Jesus said to Nicodemus, " Marvel not that I said unto thee ye , must be bom again." What perplexities would have been occasioned had John written we instead of ye,* as we in the circumstances should probably have done? Or as when Peter, in his Second Epistle, classes , Paul's Epistles among " the other Scriptures," which ' the unlearned and unstable wrested to their own destruction, where the use of the word " other " sets , apostolic seal upon all Paul's Epistles as of inspira- ' tion of God, while the omission of the word might , have led to the fatal inference that none of them were inspired. 5\. The fact that the Scripture is inspired in its " language is one thing, the manner in which the in- spiration Avas effected is quite another, and that the manner-has not been revealed to us. Let me just say that the Lord knew it to be indispensable that - Scripture should have ¡variety in its utterances, cor- i responding with ! the differences in constitution, feeling, and circumstances existing among, men. Therefore has He taken a multitude of individuals drawn from all positions' in human life, and has em- ployed them in conveying the revelation! of His will to mankind; 'but, in 'doing so, he not only employed, their lips and fingers, but the whole man. He made use of them' by pouring His inspiration through the ' medium of their constitutional characteristics, their intellect, memory, imagination, affections, and feel- ings their education,' experiences, sensibilities, history, associations, relationships, and methods' of thought. In other words, God in preparing His written word * -i/«t instead of í/uar -(a, ) for us, made use of all these things in the human in- struments He employed. He has condescended to speak to us, exactly after the manner in which each of the men He employed was accustomed to speak in ordinary life. And hence it is that no book is more intensely human than the Bible, while, at the same time, all its words are Divine. Every verse of Scrip- ture is therefore to be received as ttíe Word of God, is to be prayerfully studied and pondered, and to be regarded as a well of unknown depth, from which pure and living water is to be drawn. 6\. It will be observed that in advocating this view, it Í6 only to the Oracles of God, as originally delivered, that reference is made. The faultlessness of transla- tions is not asserted, nor even the absolute purity of the text as transmitted to us through the ages. Never» theless, with regard to the latter, I may remark, that God has wondrously watched over these sacred oracles, so that no literary remains of antiquity have reached us in so perfect a condition. We may rest con* tented that we have in our hands the very Scriptures of Apostolic times. It may be noted that though we may use a translation of the Bible, the version, so far as the translation is correct, may still be considered as being in a true sense, the Word of God. . For example, when the Bible speaks of what we under, stand by the English term ¿ree, it matters not whether we read it as 'etz in Hebrew, tara in Sancsrit, dendron in Greek, arbor in Latin, arbre in French, arbol in Spanish, añero in Italian, bemm in German, trevo in Russian, taube in Hindustani, paggum in Australian, and rakau in Maori, etc. In each case it may be said to be the Word of God. 7\. To make my meaning clearer, let me suppose an assortment ot wind instruments of music to be on some occasion brought in, such as the flute, the flageolet, the cornet, the clarionet, the ophicleide, the trumpet, bugle, and bassoon, and that a skilful musi- cian were present competent to play with equal facility on them all. We request this master of music to let us hear some favourite air, as, for example, the Queen's Anthem, and to repeat it on each instrument on the same key, in the same time, and with the same expression and accent. While listening, we cannot fail to recognise the perfect identity of the melody in each case, and yet the musical effect is un- questionably different. Why? Not because the performer on each instrument is different, nor his proficiency in the use of some of themis greater, nor that the breath that produced the sound, nor that the melody, the key, the time, the accent, modulation, nor anything about the playing is different, but simply because the form or configuration of all, and the material of several of the instruments are different. AU the sounds are produced by the same breath, the variety in tone is wholly due to the shape and character of the particular instrument employed. We readily exclaim, " That is the sound of the flute, that of the cornet," etc., and yet each sound is unquestionably the product of the same breath and of the same musician. Now, apply the illustration to the case of the writers of Scripture. God has selected a variety of men as His instruments to convey certain divinely originated sounds or words to the ear of the church and of the world: such men as Moses, David, Solomon, Isaiah, Amos, Matthew, Paul, Peter, James, and John. Through each of these He has poured His Divine breath. There is not a sound nor a word that reaches the listener's ear that proceeds from any of them, but is produced by the breath of God : yet all these sounds or words take a characteristic individu- ality of utterance according to the constitution and peculiarities of the human writer employed at the time. The grand theme of Redemption is Divinely treated by all God's instruments, yet the expression given to the music is different in each case. And why? Not because there is a Divine musician who plays at one time, and a human musician at another, but because, while the musician is in all cases the same, and ever Divine, the mental configu- ration and special circumstances of the human instru- ments made use of are purposely dissimilar. God, in employing them, took advantage of every peculi- arity they possessed. Hence we say of Scripture, its language as regards the instruments is all human', and yet as regards its Author, its very utterance is Divine. III.-The Circulation of the Bible. 1\. Having received for ourselves the Word of God, let us see that we be alive to our responsibilities to send it forth, and that we give to the world that Book which alone is able to make wise unto salvation through faith which is in Jesus Christ. Immediately before His return to heaven, the Lord Jesus left it as His last command, "Go and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com- manded you : and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." When we hold the Bible in our hand, we grasp the volume that contains abso- lutely all the things which Christ has commanded to be observed and to be taught, and when we put the Book into the hands of the human race, we are executing effectively, in one most important sense, the Lord's grand parting commission. 2\. Christ's people are set down in a wilderness of vast extent. They are entrusted with the only means by which that wilderness can be reclaimed. Let us, then, arise, and in the name of the Lord take posses- sion. Let us be like those plants that yield winged seeds, which, blown by the winds, fall on the soil, and spring up to yield winged seeds again and again, till all the region teems with specimens of the plant. The Word of God germinates in the individual bosom, and thence diffuses itself abroad, till from heart to heart, from family to family, from city to city, from kingdom to kingdom, from continent to continent, from one quarter of the globe to all the the rest, the imperishable seed is scattered every- where, and the name of the Lord Jesus becomes great in the earth. One of the most thrilling passages in the pages of classic Greece is that in which the detail is given of the transmission to one city of the tidings of the fall of another, with which it was at war. The poet de- scribes the kindling of successive watchfires onwards from the Mysian heights, so that from woody Ida to Lemnos in the sea, and thence to the shores skirting the Northern iEgean, the intelligence sped down through Thessaly to Attic Githseron, and so across the Saronic gulf, to green Argolis. He tells us that, as each blazing pile flamed in the evening sky, the glad news leaped from hill to isle, from isle to promontory, front cliff to cliff, from tower to mountain steep, till the loud shout that rose in the streets of Argos an- nounced that her people knew their king had been victorious, and that great Troy had fallen at last. Would that in the darkness of this world's nigh we were all awake ! The Lord Jesus expects that his people shall form a chain of watchers, extending from Jerusalem, the scene of His triumphs, to the very ends of the earth. He would have them kindle their responsive signal fires amid the gloom, till tidings " Of that renowned and glorious conquest, Once achieved on Calvary," shall have reached the savage Etbiop, the Makololo, and red Kaffir, on the south ; the Laplanders and the . natives of frozen Siberia on the north ; till, on the west, the glad tidings shall have coursed through the kingdoms of Europe, shall have bounded across the Atlantic, and swept over the three Americas, from Greenland's icy mountains to the flaming Andes, and onwards to Fuegia's inhospitable shore ; till, on the east, the song of liberty shall have burst from the Ups of emancipated India, shall have been caught up by the millions of awakening China, shall have been echoed back in strains of gratitude from the isles of the wide Pacific ; and till tiny Norfolk Isle, with its pines and tree-ferns, beautiful Tasmania and Zealandia with their graceful cities and winding shores, and vast Australia with all her gold, shall consecrate their service to the Lord. 3.1 commenced this lecture by comparing the Bible to a' tower. Let me conclude with another analogy. The Bible may be compared to a magnificent edifice that took sixteen centuries to rear. Its architect and builder is God. Like the beautiful world, the work of the 6ame Author, it bears upon it everywhere the impress of a hand Divine. This majestic temple con- tains sixty-six chambers, capacious, yet in size un- equal- the sixty-six Books of the Old and New Tes- taments. Each of its 31,173 verses is a stone, a beam, a panel of the building, which is a temple more glorious far than those of Solomon and of Zerubbabel, with their hewn stones from Lebanon, their pillars of cedar, their doors of olive, their floor, walls, and ceiling overlaid with the fine gold of Parvaim, their holy places, their courts, their porticoes, and gates. No portion of this wonderful structure will the Lord suffer to be mutilated or defiled. Within the sacred enclosure dwells the whole family of God on earth. The Bible is the home of the redeemed below. When the Lord Jesus was departing from this world, He said, " In my Father's house are many mansions : if it were not so I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you." That home is the temple in heaven above, whence he that enters shall go no more out, and where Christ's friends abide as priests to God for evermore. But the Bible is the house of many mansions prepared for Jesus's disciples on earth. Here they have their residence ; here they are fed ; here they are strengthened, comforted, and blessed ; here they are nurtured for immortality. The Bible is not merely the dwelling-place of God's people; it is the chosen abode of God Himself. Would you have fellowship with the Father? You will be sure to find Him within the precincts of this holy house ? Shall we take advantage of the King's permission, and step inside ? We approach by the beautiful gar- den of Eden, with, its innocent flowers, its groves and lucid streams. The first part of the building, that of highest antiquity, bears the name of the Chambers of Law and Justice. These are five in number -the Books of Moses. One of these is a sort of vestibule to the others, and resembles a long gallery, hung with portraits and pictorial scenes of surpassing in- terest, mementoes of persons and events that had place before a stone of the building was laid such figures as those of Abel, Enoch, Noah, Abraham, Hagar, Sarah, Jacob, Esau, and Joseph; and such scenes as Paradise and the Flood, the departure from Ur of the Chaldees, the tent-door at Mamre, the flaming cities of the Plain, the ottering of Isaac, Re- becca at the Well, the ladder at Bethel, and the Governor of Egypt weeping on the neck of his brethren. Thence we pass through an extensive range of im- posing apartments-the Chambers of Historic Record. These comprise the Library of the edifice, and in them are laid up the Church's archives for more than a thousand years. These rooms are twelve in number, and stretch from " Joshua to Esther." Then we come to a wide, unroofed space called the Gymnasium of the building, or the Saints' exercising ground the Book of Job. Entering right off this, we find ourselves in the Music Gallery of the Psalms, the orchestra of the house, where dwell all the sons and daughters of song, with cymbal, trumpet, psaltery, and harp. Issuing thence, we pass at once into the Chamber of Commerce-the Book of Proverbs ; not far from which is the sombre Penitentiary, where sorrowful bankrupts and other defaulters may remain for a time with profit-the Book of Ecclesiastes. A little further on, we open into a tiny parlour in the midst of larger rooms, the Chamber of Sympathy with Mourners-the Book of Lamentations. Inter- spersed among all these, the eye is regaled with such delightful Conservatories of flowers as the Books of Ruth and of the Song of Solomon. And next we come to a noble suite of lofty apartments, some of which are laid out with extraordinary splendour. They are seventeen in number. These are the Halls of Ancient Prophecy, which follow in grand succession from " Isaiah to Malachi.'* Thence we pass to the portion of the edifice of more modern construction, and enter four spacious chambers of peculiar beauty. These are of marble fairer than e'er was taken from the quarries of Paros, Pentelicus, or Carrara- chambers of which one does mot know whether to admire more the simplicity or the exquisite finish. At once the walls arrest us. On them we see, not golden reliefs of palm-trees, lilies, pomegranates, and cherubim, but four full length portraits of the Lord of the building Himself, drawn by the Holy Spirit's inimitable hand. These are the Books of the Four Evangelists. Stepping onward, our ears are saluted by the loud sound of machinery in motion: and entering a long; apartment we find ourselves face to face with wheels and shafts, and cranks and pinions, whose motive power is above and out of sight, and which will bring on changes all the world over. This is the Chamber of Celestial Mechanics, the great Work-room of the building-the Book of Acts. Leaving it, we are conducted into the stately Halls of the Apostolic Epistles, no fewer than twenty-one in range. The golden doors of fourteen of these are inscribed with the honoured name of the Apostle to the Gentiles ; those of the seven others with the names of James and Peter and John and Jude. Within these halls the choicest treasures of the Lord are stored. And, last of all, we arrive at that mysterious Gallery whose brilliant lights and dark shadows so curiously intermingle,and where,in snblime imagery, the history of the Church of Jesus is unveiled till the Bridegroom come-the grand Apocalypse. And now we have reached the utmost extremity of the building. Let us step out on the projecting bal- cony, and look abroad. Yonder, beneath us, is a fair meadow, through which the Pure River of the Water of Life is winding its way, on either side of which stands the Tree of Life, with its twelve manner of fruits, and its beautiful leaves for the healing of the nations; and in the distance, high on the summit of the everlasting hills, the City, all of gold, bathed in light and quivering with glory-the New Jerusalem, its walls of jasper, its foundation of precious stones, its angel-guarded gates of pearl- the City that needs no sun, no moon, "for the glory of the Lord doth lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof !" Oh, let us make this beloved house our home ! Let us make haste, with our little children in either hand, and with all our kindred at our back, to enter its portal. But of one thing make sure :-See that you ask and obtain the Great Interpreter, that August and Loving Qne who waits at the gate Him- self to lead you in and take you all over the building. Say to Him, whose name is the Comforter, the Spirit of Truth, reverently, and with faith, " Lord, open TJtou mine eyes, that I may behold wondrous things out of Thy law." And oh, let it be yours also to seek that the millions of India, China, dark Africa, all America, and Japan, the isles of the distant sea parents and little children alike-may enjoy the ad- vantages that you possess; that they may have their home with you in this house of many man- sions provided for the faint and weary here, till they have a place with you hereafter in the Father's house above, where now oui- great Lord Jesus is, and from whence he is this evening, in love, looking down on us. Printed by JOHN GEOHGE DAVIES and CHAIII.ES ELMS DAVIES, at The Mercury Steam Press Office, Macquarie-streefc, Hobart Town, Tasmania. 