THE POSTMAN'S STOBX. 'Tea, icdeed— we got taken in most bfawtifnl, -mothw and me, and -we ainttoo foad of talking about it; bat it all came like this— ?' The anealrw paused and prened down the tobaosoinfau pipe on the toe of hu boot, aa be sat thoughtfully «n»i'»); ona foot on his knee. We were Hitting ea a little bank porch screened from neiguborly corioiity by a thiok green curtain ot vine* trained care fully by string* leading to the slanting roof, and making a, tiny Eden of coolness and fragrance where the mellow evening-light stole aoftiy through toe great clusters of scarlet leaves and delioate Madeira vines, lovely in color, exquisite in form. Being a man of quiet, meditative balrits, I bad grown weary ot the btutle of my hotel, and the elegance of cub-rooms delighted me not, and, as no fair woman waited for me whea twilight fell, I was free to go where 1 listed. So I bad. searched leisurely and in my own way for a more re retired resting place, where I might ' gang my ain gate'' ooremarked. Wandering ia my qaest through tbe wrtokw and grime of ibe great city, I had often turned into tain bye- way, where the roar of the streets softened into a murinnr, and where a panning foot echoed ioudiy oa its pavement — a soli tude in the very heart of London towo. Tne aaataess of this particular house, a flat tering curtain of purest white, a p'iut or two in the windows, and last, but not least, the appearance ot one or two pretty etiiidren, drew my idle steps to its portals. 1 looked aud longed, aud naally r*uied a terrific rever baratiou with ths old-fashioned brau knocker — most unintentionally, 1 do declare — and straightway luac my bachelor h-urt to the bttauuug, luuticrly faoe whicu answered my fcuo-k ; lor I had bi-.;u a wanderer in miuy lands, and all my kith aui kin vrurc the uther side of tne bluis water, and it bad biscii uiauy a lung year siucu a muther'a baud had beeu laid oa my thianing luulie, bat the buy love uever died, and an old lady'ti face was always lovely to me for her take. * Well, yet,' tho said in a iiusiutiag way in asstvur to my question, ' tiiey did some times let ludgin^a ; but — maybe the room would'nt fcuit — there was only one — ind — and— but I could look at it if 1 liked.' I did look and I did lice, and after some slight demur on her part I took possession of the ' second- floor- ? ront,' aa th-j calltd it. No one could have been dutatisfied with t!»e quaint, pure ne&tni-ee; of. the aparlment, And 1 had been aa inmate of '-No. 7*'1 some livo or «ix weukB and was so comfortably cared that 1 barely knew my bachelor self. My laudlurd was a man somewhat beyona middle age — Moff at by name, and a hearty, genial- inannerud mm, fond of big wife sad borne, and proud of biB children in a iashiou nuw going somewhat out of style — inoru'a the pity. He was poscinau on a distant round, and save for t.'im suutec hour or two, absent moat ot Che timo. This brief leisure: tu^l, howover, iniui- dia'oly after my quiet little dinner, aad we generally smokvd on. pipes in company on tots ntclti back porch aul I came to look forward tj thutiuie witu uieaiaut esp-ctaSioa ; tor he was a shruuvi fellow too, aud had seea a deal of the woriti in hisquioc way, aud carried a big, generous oeart under his licat ubiform. This eveniog 1 had been ankiug in u jocular way why they had seemed so uu williug to take me for a lodger, aud if I pre BrUted-a suspioious appearance of being a burglar or higawaymau ia disguise, and he '4nswei;ed with a sumewoat graver t«oe than usual: ' ' Well, yea see sir, people, aint always what they eeein to be, and sometimes them as looks most innocent are the fullesc ot wickedneu.' Mrd. Moff*t was sitting on the lower step .iaroiug tue marital hose, aad I saw her beaming face grow std as she said quietly : ' Wo never had bat oue lodger atore you, air, aud she disappointed ua drjaiifuUy, aud — but John can tell you better than I, if yon care to iitar ; but it's rather a long Btor,v. ' She didn't work any more, I noticed, but sat, picking out th« pattern of herneai chintz town witb the point of her darning-needle, with a very grave faoe and preoccupied air. 'Well,' He began slowly, 'it's nigh on co aix year ago nuw, whea one morning, just as I was gouig out oa my daily round, chore camu a limid knock on the front door, just uu 1 laid my hand on iho knob inside. I opened it immvdia.e, nnd there s;ood a yuung lady, looking a little soared and timid-like, dressed in some neat, dark stuff, and holoiog by tue hand ths prettiest little girl 1 ever saw; and she said in a soft, gentle voice : ' I'd like to look at the lodgings, it you please.' We had agreed — mother and me — ts lei the secoud- pair-front aioce onr Patty — that's our oldest girl, sir, as is married, blese her ! — had gone to America with her husband, aud was doing beautiful out there, aad tue place seemed ionciome-like without tier, and we wauted to fill the gap with some nice party that mother here could oosset to her heart's con tent. '? She looked at the room and tea u«d pleased, and said ia her gsntle way, if the terms were not too high, she'd take the lodging. Well, sir, the rent wasn't much matter to as: for, beiag a steady man in my ways, and having the very btst house keeper ia tho kingdom for my wife' — witu a loving look at tbe bent huad and busy hand as she still picked out hir pattern — '1 had laid by something for a rainy day, and can give my gals a good settiag-out when they find their mates. So I named a small »am, for I saw that mother's eyes were shining as she stood looking at the little girl, for the grass was just green, and the daisies were just ia b'toom ou the first and only grave we ever hid to make — our little Lucy's ; but it seemed as though we (aid away the light of our life with her just the age of this little beauty when she died. 'The young lady — for quite young she was, thongh the chilld called her ' mamma ' — looked relieved at the terms mentioned, and said she would tike immediate possession if we pleased. She had bat little luggage — one box — which she woald go at once aad have sent round, and might little Mabel stay with as until Bhe came back t We agreed to it all, aad mother took the little lady down stairs add gave her some breakfast ; and of ali dainty little maidens, she beat any ever I taw, and so winning one couldn't help loving her. She said her name was Mabel Stafford, and they had just come from Germany, and she didn't like it over therg, for the men wore such great, rough beards, and smoked all the time, and papa was often cross aad made mamma cry, and oh, isn't nhe a beantifal mamma, and haa't she a beautiful name, Lucia Stafford T and — — rhosa bits of family history were all we ever learned, for just then Mrs. S affjrd, coming ia, gtopped bir chattering, and took Her upstairs. 'Time pv-eed oa. Mrs. Stafford — or Lucia, a? we began to cull her— went out every day to her work, leaving Slabdl to us, and a tare treat ahe was to our children, who regarled h--r aa something superior, and humoured her ia every po,etble Way. We all grew to loviog verj- -l«)»rly tbe Ught hearted thing, daaciiu tbrjngh the hoqae a'l day, singing ia her baby FHot mo.ch queer ittU aoags ia a f ireitju liu? ?, rMttr cross, and never in the way. At.tr * fe-r months -he little bit of rent began to come irregnlar. and one day Luois came witii such a iiitifal i f»oe t ? a*k as u- wait a little while — till she ! drald got coma back money that was due ; aer. ?? 'Doo't distress yo;ne\f, my -iear,'«ays mi'her. 'You am a thousand tim«« -re'i cioif to ta« litde you have — if only for Mabel'* mke— bni you're welooms for your PKn.foriufaMU- ftPinelik* *Q ***? Pa^y1! room occupied by sooh bright eye- and nub aaweat face. It aeems as U Patty was hen beraelt* ; ''Oh, tbaakyoa,tfiaokyoa,'aheBays. 'I par you after a time, and 1 love to stay.' ''Now, my dear, dos't yo« aay another worrl aiwnttne matteT,' aayi mother. 'Toa'ce as wcloome as flowers in May.' So she Bald no more, oat weat singing 'That very evening we were alt sittiog together on this very porab, and Lacia and Mabel had been singing some kind of a chirruping dost, the baby-voioe guided by tbe mother's, when oar Maggie came tearing in with a boaoh of fresh wall-flowers the bad got — Lord know* where — aad towed them into Lucia* lap, crying : ' Aint they sweet? I got 'em for yon.' The rich per fume fulled the plaoe in a minute, and Mabel euatcbed them u^ aad buried her faoe in them - bat Lacia turned all white and faint like, pat her two h»nds up to ber face aad tamed her head away, crying : ' Oa, take tbeui away, take take them away I' got ap like a ghost, fled upstsim, aad we beard her lock: herseif ia. Mabel never stirred, only said pityingly : * Poor mamma, she always did so when papa was cross,' and my heart ached to think of that teuuer young thing onrujking aad trembling before an angry man. ' Late that night, whea ths children were all safe in bed, mother and me sat ?pecu- lating about oar lodger. Mabel lay sleeping in mother's lap, the detpued flowers cuddled close op to her rosy cheek, whea Lucia came stealing do wa like a spirit, and, sitting down at her feet, said very softly : ' ' I know you think I'm. strange. Let me tell you why I don't like wall-flowers. Years ago— not many, though, for I'm young y«i — I lived in a quiet country village with my father. He ana I were all that was left, and 1 waB the light of his life, tbe hop.) of bis heart, tbe end and aim of liis whole existence. The whole wide world held naught else for aim, and 1 killed him — I broke his lieirc, aad he died. It's the old story, you know it well — a gentleman coming so a quiet place for rest, a light hearted girl, aud the ti.rjadbare story of love aad elopement Bat to married me,' shu aided quietly, holding up a slim white band on whica Bnoue a plain baud of gold — he married me and brokn my heart, sad 1 lsft him. It had baeuonly a year, oue little year, since 1 ieft my father's home, and ( went back to him. Wheic elso should I go J Oortaiu he would forgive me, snre ut his lore and protection, aua eafe once mare in bis arms, whom ahoulu I fear 1 ' 'The last rays ut minuet ?vere fading from the ekitsu whea I reached my home and crept softly up Iu the study-window Wbure ui lovod tu «it. I waDteil Co net) him alone ti.-st, thru I felt I could dare anything, tfou' ?anl it, was ! I could nuar th» ripple of the irook at the bottom of the yard, i'/it long K-aite cartaiuB of tbe stujy-wiudow were fluttering in the froth evening air, juai ruing. Tbe young mom's urescent hun^ just over the hill, aad the vr&ippourwili; s aung CBino sofcly up frjm the grove bejond tbe aiuadow. 'rather,1 I wliisoci'ei) — ?? father, it's Lucia come bask to you.' No answer, and I stepped through tbe lung window into the presence of ^—^— Wiiac I Of it— a «u{iiae, rigid form, atftui in its solemnity — terrible in its white drawings, accusing in its ttillncss— tbe presence ol death ! lbe air of thi- mod was heavy with the frayranoe of wall-flownrs, j usl taeu in full seasuu — tbera Wore quautitiea of them about the room. He had always loved them, they bad always flourished under bis foster ing oars, and uu«r they decked his death chamuer. I was stunned. I oould not think, I could oot reason. Voioea anil lights were oooiiug, aud I stepped out of thaC awful room, and enrank down out of eight amoug Ihe flowers of the garden borders — wail flowers. They brushed my cheek, I crashed them under foot, and they smelted so sweet all that dreadful time. They were talking of ma. 1 heard them say : ' ' Luoia will not care — Bhe broke his heart when she left him, aad she was all he had. We will bary him lo morrow.' H. jw could I laoo them — cold, stern judges of my youth aud error ? So I went away through tile uignt, with my sure Heart tor company. I lived somehow — don't ask me where or how — and after a time baby eyes smiled into mine, baby hat.da held tirmly co my life, and a baby's face stood between me aad despair, aud I was concern. — till in an evil day ke lound me, and since i hen ? * '' She broke into a passionate lit of crying, and uiotbur huolied the poor thing oa hot breast as she hushed our babes in tauir in fancy. Alt :r a little she took Mabel and went upstairs, SOiiling Jointly as she said ?Goodnight.' ?' We talked tho mutter over that night after wa had gone to tied, aad we were bstn of a mind. ?' ? We'll 'keep ths poor, forlorn lamb,' cays mother. ' Maybe she's teut to uu to take our l'atty's plaoe, aad if anyone could till little Lucy's aeat Alal)oi can. U'e have ouougb aad to spare to keep this heart uroken child— haven't \yg, iathur ?' ' ' Yes, my dear,' 1 says. ' You're always right, aud we'll keep 'dm both always.' ' Shortly afcer this ahe came ia one day singing, and says : '- ' 1 hare got iny money now, and I'm going to pay you eoauthing on my lung account.' -??Well, 'says mother, 'just as you like. You know you're welcome.' ?'Early next morning, before she went out, site gave mother two ueiv fire-pun notes, as tresh aad clean, and she laughs and Bays : ' * Aren't thsy beauties ? Now, you dear old darling, you can get that plum-colored merino you nave been wanting eo long, aad you can go to-day, can't you ?' '? The next week mother goes oat oa a grand shopping expedition, and comes home with her arms tall of new traps, and among 'em the long tilked-of pluin-colored marina, ' ? Aad I got that a bargain at H— — — 's store. Aint it a beauty ? Fed of the quality— aint it fine V ' ? Well,' says I, pretending, ? not half so fine or beautiful as the owner.' And I gave her a kiss, as I used wnen I was oourtiug her. ' 'Oh, nonsense I go along,* says she, ' It's Lacia ought to have the new dress ? she'd become it bravely.' '? That afternoon comes two etrasge seats a-knooking at the door, and as I waj just come home 1 let 'em in, and £ dida't half like their looks, so gram and severe. ' ' It's Mrs. Moffit I want to aee,1 said one, who seemed to be spokesman. ' I m Mr. H ? , and she deals at my establishment a good dea.1.' ' So I cslled mother, and sho come cheer iiy in, tying ber cap-strings as ahe come. Tha gents wouldn't sit down, aad we were all standing in ths front parlor, all sorter confused, and I had a easpicioa that all was not right, bat [ coalda't give my thoughts a name, ?' Mia. il' flatt,' rays Mr. H ? , in a quiHt way, bat keeping his keen, dar* cye« ticad on her f ca, ' were voa in my ion: this morn ing ?' ?'?Indead, and I was,' s»ys she, 'aad a pretty p-nny 1 left with you, tj be sore.' M ? What did you boy T saja Mr. H ? ?' A plum oiiour-d merino,' she an swered ; ' and a great bargain 1 got it too, tor a i.io r piece of goda * ' ? Ne»er miud the gaols,' says he. ? What di ( you give in paymeui *' '?A five-pun note,' ahe says promptly, 'and I got my ohangeaH correct ;*ndwh»^ *? She began to hesitate, seeing tbMr black looks, snd Mr. H ? says : ' *Mra. Moflatt, «iat five pound note is a counterfeit, and yon most oome with «.' ' I waa ooiag to mterfen, when Urn other gent, who lisdn* spoke m. »orf, opened hto coat and stoowednw his badge j ana then, of course, I knew it wasn't any me for me to say a word Mother began to ory and take on, wh«rn tbe po^ioemkn aaya very qnietly : ' -Uaa yoa teU at whan yon got that note, Mrs. Mofifattf '? Yes,' she eays at once, 'I got it ? Then it flashed on her where ?hsdidgetit, and «he«Umaured : ' That is, leastways— I aint sore,* till our Maggie, who baa been taught to apeak the troth and shame tbe devil— saving your presence air— put In on her own account : « 'Yea, mother, don't you remember T Lucia gaveittoyoo, and Mother one too.' ''Oh.'eaidhe. 'Lacia gave it to yoa, did she I WeU, who'. Lama?' '?Oar ?eoond-floor-front,' says Maggity determiaed to dear ber mother. '«WelL' aaid the offiosr, 'those bogus notes have been in circulation some time. ThU U the first one I have been able to traoe. I have traced it here, and now I'm going to see your sononrl floor-front.' ' He had looked (he front-door and put the key in bis pocket while speaking, and now coolly led tbe way uptttira, all of aa following in a dazed kind of way, posr mo ther crying under her breath. Lacia was singing in a sweet, high voice, and did not hear us till we reached the door. She opened it at the knock, still singing, and stood aghast on tSe threshold, and staring in dread ful horror in her brown eyes. I can see her in my mind as she looked that day, her pretty brown hair inlooje carls oa her neck, her neat home-dress and her dainty apron, bat with all the pink cone oat ot her fair cheek, and one hand laid over her bosom. I can see the room too : Mabel playing in the sunlight on the floor with her dolU, the pretty bright carpet, and little trinkets lying about, and her Hewing, something delicate and dainty for Mabel, lying just as it had fallen a* sbe rose. ''Ah!' saya tho offioer quietly, *I have found you at last, have I ? Molly Brent, alias Alice Martin, alias Mrs. Brookes, alias Lucia Stafford, I have been looking for yoa a long time. Now I have found yon, I know pretty well where to look for the balance of the gang, and you mast oome with me, my d«ar. (Suppose, first, yon give me the reat of those bogus notss yon have in your po» seBeioo .' ' He shut and looked the door, went to the bureau, and there, ia among Lacia :s little bits of finery, Mabel's little frocks and pina fare-, lay a handful of those dreadful notes, lie rollei them ap and pat them in his breast-pocket while she etood looking at him. ' A moment more and sbe had flown at bim like a tigress, with something shining bright in her hand. ; but he was too quick for ber — caught her gently, bat firmly — took away the keen little knite, and snapped the handcuffs oh her pretty white wrist* in less than a moment's Bpaoe. Then she stood pan tiag. I took mother sad Mabel down-stairs, and put the child in ber arms, while the two men called a cab aud took the poor fallen thing away. ?' The utficer was right. What oliia find' ing her may have given him I am sure is beyond me, bat find the rest of the gang he did, and they had their shameful trial— our Licia with all the rest in the dock — pointed, an. I mocked, and jeered at by any and all. Ail the bitter truth came ont. Sbe was a willing tool in their wicked bands — ?seful beouse of her innoosnt way and truthful faoe, aad her shameful work was to pot tbe counterfeit notes ia circulation. She bad stayed with us so long because our retired plaoo of abode suited h r, aud she had sheta* med poverty to farther ber sinful plans'.- They all bad severe sentences, and she fiofr fourteen years. The day before the oonvict sbip sailed for Australia, *hc sent for mother. Poor son) I she went utterly heart- broken to the dreadful priion, and there, in tbe com*; p»ny of felons, she eaw her. ' She was sitting oy a Uerco-looking man, sullen and dogged, but with Mabel'* brow aad eyes. Luoia laid her hand on his, looker^ defiantly at as, and said coldly : ' ' He is my naebaud — we go together,' and then the broke down all at one,, and cried out : * Mabel, Mabel I' and 'mother understood her, and said solemnly : ' ? Y«e, as long as I live — as I hope for mercy 1' ' And then we came away ar.d left her. ' We will always keep tbe child. Just hear her now, how she singf,. Her mother's sweet, high voice nbe willn-jverknoic — thank God for that. We heiv.i onoe that Luoia - was dead. I hope she may bo, bat we can not surely know. This is my story, aad maybe you'll understand why we did not-. ?vaut another lodger. Mother and I have often wondered if that pitiful story she told-; us was all of a piece with the rest ot her deception, or if it was true, and was thet last bitter cry of her soul as she tore herself*: loose from all that made her life as other lives, her womanhood as other women's.' 