"THE LAST OF THE POPES, BY DAVID BLAIR." As stated in last week's Advocate, it was not then my intention to enter into any further strictures in detail on Mr. Blair's Article in this April No. of the "Melbourne Review," which article he so ironically or so jocosely entitles " The Last of the Popes;" and to restrict my remarks to one statement only, or perhaps to two, passing all the others oyer with the contemptuous silence which the spirit and the substaace of such statements deserve. If it had been Mr. Blair's purpose to show us with what scatter' brain levity he can rush into the middle of arge and solemn and momentous questions; if he wished to let us see with what a smallminded, narrow-hearted and superficial view he can treat great events and great personages ; let him have the consolation of knowing that he has eminently succeeded. A grovelling, muck-rake, clodhopper propensity to blacken what is fair, and to degrade what is noble, and to defame what is disinterested, and to rail at what is magnanimous, and to suspect what is sincere, and to throw doubt on what is most certain, and to inibtake persiflage for wit, and to exalt Monsieur Moqtter into the universal philosopher. and to set up Punch as our paragon hero—this is all we oan rebognise in Mr. Blair's pert, flippant, shallow, slap-dash article, and all tnis, and something even more despicable, than this, we have usque ad nauseam in his " Last of the Popes." tinder the pretentious affectation of encyclopedic intelligence, we have a wretched display of the most pedantic ignorance, acd a rabid aversion to historic exactness. Exact history would be poison to Mr. Blair's eccentric and most unclassic love of vapid rhodomontade. A howling dervise could not be more out of place in a chorus by Handel than Mr. Blair as a professor of Church history. He would take a musty Italian jest- boek, compiled from the reminiscences of sauce-box pages, courtesans, dice-throwers and taveru- brawlers as his text book, and the ribaid pasquinades of the Ghetto, or the Stews, us the quintessence of medieval philosophy. As certain flies extract their diet from ordure, so Mr. Blair seems to suck his sweetest herniations from the contemplation of the viler parts of human nature. If he is not gone far beyond the reach of shame, we would cry shame ou such shameful aberrations. It has been, however, suggested to me that I should place before the readers of the Advocate a number of Mr. Blair's profound sayings, sufficient to convey to them a more distinct apprehension of what he seemB to consider his most powerful artillery " against Rome," or that pop-gun style of attack which is to lay the Catholic Church level with the dust. I take, then, the following as fair samples of MB. BLAB'S 1ST SATINO. " Pope Pius IX. was the last of the PopeB" !!! fc>o says Mr. D. Blair, though the cable that conveyed to us the account of his death brought us the next day the news of the regular canonical and unanimous election of Leo XIII. aB successor to Pius. 2ND SATING. " It was the coronation of Pius IX., as ruler of the States of the Church, that consecrated him and made him Pope " ! ! ! So that if his Excellency Sir George Bowen should make Dr. Moorhouse a territorial magistrate of Victoria, it would be this commission of the peace that made Dr. Moorhouse a bishop /.'.' 3RD SAYING OF MB. BLAIE'S. "The CountesB Matilda (Marchioness of Tuscany and DuchesB of Lorraine) bequeathed her broad domains to the Church." To bequeath is to leave by will. The Countess died A.D. 1115, but in 1088-9, before her marriage with young Welf, son of the Duke of Bavaria, she gave certain lands of her own tp the Chuioh, chat is, to Pope Urban II., in trust and perpetuity, by deed, signed and sealed, and laid on the altar as a donation to God. 4TH SATING. " Henry, the Emperor (of Germany), claimed thiB territory for tthe youthful husband, young Welf, of Bavaria, whom the pious CounteBS had so unwisely married in her mature age." All this is muddle and jumble. Henry was not emperor when Matilda gave her own estates to the Church. He was King of Germany, and only emperor eleot. The kings ol Germany were never acknowledged as emperors until they had been crowned by the Pope, and Henry had not been crowned. Then, as to the " youthful' husband—if the Counters bestowed no territory on the Church until htr death, the youthful huBband would then be 46 years of age. Youths of 46 may look up after .this. 6TH 'SAYING... *« The territory of' Pius IX. had been heiieathed to the Church fully" 700F years Sefore. It was his undisputed possession *Well, then, it it was the undisputed poBsesjson'of the PopeB for 76T> years, -audlawfully Into their possession ai'&e; firat, no '<ihe timlA take it from them, ex<iept b^rpbijerjr, Without their own free consent. JJut Victor Emmanuel took it violently , by foifce of arms and kriiies, from Piuu IX., againaj; his constat and; protest. 1 What, then, was Viotoi- Emmanuel but a robber and Usurper, and Kt.m&n; exults over the ^Waeaprond boast for the ••Mvilisabon'' iff 'thel&tfc; GfentUry. -6IH ©ATDfO. Saiia^H&jStift;&w; . Tbfrls a nta'aSmis- sion from a 19th century morality man But if the right of Pius was not effaoed even by his dethronement, the right and the title descend to Leo XIH. in law and equity, and the kingdom is as undoubtedly Leo's dejure as it was the kingdom of Pius. 7TH SATINO. "Henry the Emperor asserted that the bride's broad domains were settled on Welf at their marriage." If so, she couldn't bequeath them to the Church, and she wouldn't die committing a fraud and a wrong. The Countess was the xnoBt remarkable woman of her times. To all the energy, bravery, administrative talents and learning of her father, she added the fervent piety of her mother, the Countess Beatrice. She spoke Latin, French, and German - as fluently as her native Tuscan, and was the firm and attached friend of Gregory VII. throughout the most trying portion of his contest with the Emperor. Her whole life, from the day she became sole princess, was devoted to the defence of the Church, yet so humble was she, that when signing decrees or other public documents, instead of enumerating all her titles like other sovereigns, she wrote, " I, Matilda, by the Grace of God what I am." This accomplished lady continued her powerful support to Victor III. Urban II. and Pascal II., as to Gregory VII., always against the emperors who sought to enslave the Church to their secular authority. Mr. Blair, through the misfortune of his sectarian origin, hates the Church Matilda loved so well and so vigorously protected, and henoe all Mr. Blair's gibes at her great name and her good works. 8TH SATING. "Pascal II. naturally resisted the Emperor Henry's claim to the broad domains the Countess had left to the Church, and hence arose an irreconcilable strife between the Pope and the Emperor." Now, I pronounce this saying of Mr. Blair's to be one made either in gross ignorance, or as a scandalous suppression and perversion of historic truth. It is absolutely fnlse to say that Pope Pascal's quarrel with Henry (IV.) of Germany arose out of any such secondary cause as Mr. Blair alleges. He is guilty of another muddle and jumble in doing so. It iB playing a game of " fool's goose" with history. It is an audacious palming off of a fraudulent tale instead of true statement pon all who have not time to read up the annals of tho-e German sovereigns from enry I. to Henry V. and Pope Calixtus II. I Bhould say Mr. Blair was half asleep or else eceptively awake when he attributes the strife between Pascal and Henry solely to a dispute about the broad domains of the Countess Matilda. Jupiter Scapin, while out on " the spree," might write suoh ragged history at a tavern table. But a scholar and a gentleman, sitting calmly in his study, should disdain such discreditable travesties. No sooner had Mr. Blair commenced about Pius IX., than he found he must plunge ack 700 or 800 years, in order to explain ow Pius came by his broad domains. Geting back so far, Mr. B. perhaps coneived that he could take any amount of liberties with the events of those " dark ages," when writing for the unsuspecting Melbourne Review." Hence, with all the facility of Major Longbow, he swears upon his life 'tis true that Pascal strove with Henry about the lands andheritances of Matilda, whereas it is a thundering—what you call it. The strife that Pascal waged with Henry was an old heirloom of the papacy, and bad nothing whatever to do with Matilda's domains. Pascal's strife was the strife of Gregory VII., of Victor III., of Urban II., of Gelasius II., and of Calixtus II. Mr. Blair, of course, had reasons of his own for cushioning and concealing the cause of the strife. It is an act of astounding equivocation on Mr. Blair's part to hide the origin of the strife between Pascal II. and Henry IV. The strife was the long-standing dispute about INVBSTOTJBBS. To uphold the Popes in this strife, Matilda had married both her husbands, and lived with both as a sister. She married young Welf to gain allies and succour for Urban II. in tins fierce strife. It was no petty feud abuut the estates the great Countess had given to Urban. It was a hfe and death struggle between the church and tha secular authority. It was a deadly quarrel. It was a battle the Churoh must win or be in bondage for ever. It was the war of Investiture that Pascal was compelled to carry on, as his predecessors had done. He didn't make the strife. He found it ready mads to his hand. It had lasted thirty, or forty years, and it lasted ten or twenty years longer, finally the Chutch won. She won, for she oan wait. Robbers live from hand to mouth, and Mr. Blair Is with the robbers.. The sorrowful etrife held Europe in a ceaseless whirl of political, as well eg ecclesiastical, agitation for nearly 60 . years. There were ^levies, and military invasions, and plunderings, and burnings, and popular commotions during the strife- It spread to Eogand, and culminates there in the murder of the glorious St. Thomas a'Beckett.aijd the Papacy triumphed. These were the Feudal ages. • From the lord -paramount d6wn to the serf tberewaa a system of "subordination, and the lower held of the higher. Kings gave ^way estates in thnse days, because the whole soil of the realm was theirs, and the receiver "did homage*' for the lauds, or castles, or forests he got from bis .liege lord. Pope Leo III. had crowned Cbalemagne, the Frank, or-Frenchman, Emperor of the WeBt .But the dignity passed in the following century to the jCeuton, orGermans. As Emperors of the West, JtoevGermin sovereigns ~ exercised considerable influence at Borne. Thejimperor's son was titular King of-Rome. Intermarriages aUo brought . Rome and Germany into contact. Thus it oarae that the Emperors took so much interest in Italian affairs, and claimed even to interfere in the elections of the Popes. But more than thie, the German Emperors, as fendal lords, claimed another right. Bishops had lands and a house and a cathedral. These being in the empire, were supposed to belong to the Emperor, and he oould give them to whom he would. So also the abbeys and other benefices. And when a bishop died the Emperors took possession of the episoopal ring and pastoral staff, and kept them until a new bishop was chosen. Then this new bishop must come into the Emperor's presence, kneel before him and kiss his imperial ring, and thus do homage to the temporal lord for the temporalities of the see. Then the Emperor gave the episcopal ring and crozier to the new bishop, and thus invested him with legal power over the lands and houses belonging to the diocese. So the feeling grew that it was the Emperor who appointed the bishops. But more than this, the Emperor often refused to confer the ring and crozier on the bishops until they had paid him a sum of money for these ensigns of episcopal authority. And worse still, the Emperors often, and some of them always, put up certain bishoprics to auction and sold them to the highest bidder. Laymen thus often bought a bishopric, and then got ordained. And so was it with the abbeys and monasteries and rich benefices. The Emperors made revenue or put money in their private purse by wholesale simony, or celling of the Church offices for mosey. The power of the Popes was thus abrogated. Glaring abuses prevailed, much scandal caused, and the flock of Christ put into the oharge of hirelings. Moreover, the Emperors surrounded themselves with a band of bishops, subservient to his will, and used them as their agents to frustrate all the efforts of the Popes to amend so injurious a state of things. Such was the result of imperial Investiture. Against this system Gregory VII. resolved to declare war, and the Countess Matilda ably supported him. Public opinion was so strongly in Gregory's favour that he at last excommunicated the young Emperor Henry, who, at{ last, came to do penance at Canossa, and was absolved. But in a few Canossa months Henry bepan again, and so the strife went on under Victor III., who succeeded Gregory VII., and under Urban II., and then came to Pascal, who, of course, had no notion of being defeated. Then the Emperor marched an army into Italy, ravaged Lombardy, besieged Rome, and kept Pascal a prisoner for two months, shut up in the Castle of St. Angelo. This strife next fell to Gelasius II., and then to Calixtus H., who excommunicated Henry V., and at last, by the united action of the German dukes and counts. Henry V. was reduced to the dominion of reason. A council or diet was held at Worms, and there, in presence of the nobleB and bishops and an immense multitude of people from the towns, Henry, on a raised platform, signed the following concordat, 23rd September, 1122. " I, Henry, by the Grace of God, Emperor of the Romans, Augustus, for the love of God, of the Holy Roman Church, and of my Lord Pope Calixtus, and for the relief of my soul, do restore to God and to His Holy Apostles Peter and Paul, and to the Holy Roman Church, all Investiture by ring and staff, and I do grant to all Churches in my dominions the privilege of canonical election and free consecration, and the possessions and royalties of St. Peter, which have during the continuance of the discord, been taken away ; (hose which are in my possession I will restore, and those which are not I will aid in restoring, and I give true peace to all, and to the Holy Roman Church, and whenever the Holy Roman Church may require my aid I will faithfully render it. And thus, after a " strife" of more than half a century, the Church, through the unflinching courage of her supreme Pontiffs, relieved Christendom from a demoralising and iniquitous abuse. Mr. Blair is so long out of Scotland, he may have forgotten the name of Auohterarder; but if he were accessible to generous emotions, he might easily have put a more correct and kindly interpretation on the resistance of Pascal II.. to Henry IV. The whole account is too long to go into now, but the "strife" was the same in principle as that "strife" which convulsed Scotland some forty years ago, when a lay patron appointed a Presbj terian • minister to the parish of Auohterarder (I do not go into particulars), without the vote, or call, or anction of the parishioners. They resisted; ut on appeal the English Courts decided in avour of the lay patron, and at once, and n one day, half the people of Scotland left ta Established Church of Scotland and set p the Free Church. Against the selfame principle of lay investiture did the opes contend—if I may compare Catholio reat things with Presbyterian small. The eople of -Scotland said the State was overiding tiie Church, and they repelled the tate and told it to mind its own business, nd this preoisely was what Pascal said to; eniy IV. of Germany. 9TH SAYING OI* MB. B.,. "The Popes were bftfen' obliged to delegate th'egovernflieiit.of' thfeirtemporalStates: o Ocmnts and Marquisses," whip rifled despotially find-uttet deftanije'of the" "" resoripte" (letters of these premises Mr. Blair ded'aoes*«. logical conolnmon that the Po™* A bear all the blame of their dem^1 despotic rale and misconduct they perpetrated in defiance of the P«1, orders. "P* 1 10TH SATING. Mr. Blair Bays *' Pius IX. was oheerMl. obeyed as a monarch by a proud and wealthy people phe Roman people) • this character (of monarch) could not hi effaoed even by his dethronement!" Wu 6 then does Mr. Blair so fiercely assail th administration of Pius, if he WSB cheer fully obeyed by his proud and wealth, people. What complaint is this against him. And then, if his <?">racterofBovere)m, could not be effaced by bis dethronement he was rightful ting as much after Victor Emanuel robbed him as before. Tyta just what all Catholics say, and for ever will say, without Mr. Blair's ghost oomin? to tell UB. And, if Pius retained 1™ sovereignty after his robbery. Le, XM dejure as much king of those States as ever Pius IX. was. 11 TH SATINO. Mr. Blair says " Thezuth of September 1870, when Victor Emanuel's troops entered Rome, the temporal power expired never more to come to life, and so fell the Papacy." Into what depths of stolid duncehood must the man be plunged who cannot distinguish between the spiritual authority received from God, and the tamporal power derived from the donations of the Countess Matilda. Wnat an awful thing judioial blindness is I 12TB SATING. "So, on 20th September 1870, ended the long glories of the line of Gregory VII. and Hildebrand 111" This is another stumble for Mr. Blair in his hiBtory. Suppose I should Bay, " I met Sir Badm <n>l and Barry yesterday;" the impression would ue that I met two persons, whereas in fact, Sit Redmond and Barry is one individual. Mr. Blair says " Gregory and Hildebrand," as i they were two different persons, whereas Gregory was Hildebrand. After all, a week at a State school would do Mr. Blair no harm. Decidedly his history halts. 13TH SATING. "The Times correspondent declarts that Leo XIII. never shall be a sovereign." Mr. Blair then would seem to have only taken his propheoy second hand from the Londen Times correspondent when he foretells that the tempoW power is gone " for ever 1 Who is the Timet correspondent ? A son of Prophet Wroe, is he? Seriously, when Scotohmen begin to prophesy in the nineteenth century, are they not drcamiogof the witch-burning times in auld Scotia T Foolery is at its climax when fools take to propheoy. 14TH SAYING. " What would St. Augustine have thought of the glorious vision of a mighty universal kingdom on earth? He would have regarded the idea with indignation." The Scotchman who prophecieB can have no difficulty in getting into the mind of St. Augustine, who has been in heaven these 1400 years. But, really, what is idioticy ifitbenot this fatuous or infatuated dotage which leads men to think they oan thus speak for a saint so long in his eternal rest. The universal kingdom, embracing all nations with one Lord, one Faith and one worship, and one supreme pastor on earth was the idea of St. Paul. But what is St. Paul to David Blair? 15TH SATING. " It is almost certain that Pius IX., when he recovered from that dead faint into which he fell when he.was informed of his election to the tiara, had some, vague impressions floating through his £.ind that he was. called to attempt the realisation of the grand idea!." If thia be not literary lunacy, of an extremely mooney kind, we must say we know nothing about high tides. What in the name of pity is being " almost " certain of the thoughts of a man 20,000 miles away without verbal communiction ? The " dead swoon " is a lire vagary of Mr. Blair's own brain coining; a fantastic vision, manufacturrd by Queen Mab in D. Blair's cerebellum, with which he may tickle the gobemouctet. We advise him to consult a doctor residing near the Yarra Bend. He has St. Ambrose,, and St. Jerome, and St. Augustine on the brain. How anyone in their sober senses could scribble such rubbish only a mad doctor oan tell.' 16TH SATING. ."It speaks little for tbe infallibility of the Pope that the idoliBed Pius of 1847 was a fugitive in 1848. flying, in terror of his life, in the disguise of a footman. Would Mr. Blur please to say what it argued for St. Pail when he was flying through'a : window, and let down in a basket frbm/the city walls of Damascus? Or, with reverence bei it written; what did it argne foil the infallibility.of Christ whpn he fled from an enraged mnltitode - that was &)cin£ up . ..stones ','tp cast at .fcfa»» Christ wasn't infallible because be fled- ThatTs Mr. Blair's line of argument. - - 17TH, SATING. "Giving liatoof; ipaginaryPopes." Bat namssjof ifliftgip^ry, Popes f ; What therein,iheUstjpfPopeBthatia imaginary^ Oay .iHi finjsor^on name he supposes to be imaginary , it to be so. There are 50 article, the" Last * Sf S , " which reek with the flavour of clif-coooeit. In every sentence there is either ffelsifieation of history, or a confession, nf a misapprehension, or a waggish distor- ?•'„ 0( ocoorrenoaB, which tarns the whole a onizzioal patter out of place any. „w e bnt in the mouth of a mountebank h Highbury Barn. His article has not even a semblance of any reading higher or more Moutable than the volumes of Mr. Legge and iff, pniiom. We regret the ink wasted on jr Even as a schoolboy's skit it is an abortion • while as a fair reading of history it is ' uJere jabber. It is a scoffer's grin rins a call-boy's conception of Kemble'e Samlet; it is a thing of soraps and patches, with a laugh borrowed from Goose Gifcbie, eDd a shriek of Madge Wildfire's, and a twang jrom Corporal Gilfiilan, and a pedagogue flavour of Dominie Sampson, and a vicious sbovl from Jobn Balfour, of Benley. As it is eaid that Mr. Blair read all Sir Walter Ssott's novels in his cradle, he will peroeive how aptly we discriminate the ingredients of the hotoh-potch which he calls the " Last of the Popes." 23rd April, 1878. PEDTETBE THE LATE EABL OF LEITBIM:,—The Hobart Town Tribune writes:—"The assassinatio of this notorious member of the peerage, by some of the wretched victims of the mos crnel tyrant who ever ruled supreme over hordes of beggared slaves, does not'surprise us. Indeed his violent death has been looked for for many years by those familiar with his history. He murdered his brother, the second Earl, who was as much beloved as his cruel successor was hated by the gentry, and abhorred by his neighbours of all classes. He was the celebrated Earl who, to prevent the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland from baing accommodated at any of the hotels in a town, over which he lorded, filled them all with the riff-raff of the streets, and obliged her Majesty's representative to look for accommodation at a private gentleman's house. The Lord Lieutenant at the time was the amiable and learned Earl of Carlisle. He actually revelled in the distress and sufferings of all around him, and never travelled without an escort of armed constabulary or soldiers. In no other country but Ireland could such an enemy of his kind have lived so g. He had a counterpart in the late 