ENTERTAINMENT* THE THEATRES, &c; Mr. Reeve changed the piece on Saturday night at the Theatre Royal, and appeared as Captain Wragge in " No Name," instead of Count Fosco in " The Woman in White." It is a worse piece, but a better character. Captain Wragge is a rascal of the diverting order, not a villain of deep dye. Conse quently he is a favourite with au audience. I do not think that, therefore, he makes dis honesty acceptable, for it is quite possible to be amused at a rascal and yet not in love with his rascality. He is an accessory character, not a principal, and yet he is pro minent because of his eccentricities. The drama, as a drama, might go on without Captain Wragge, but it would be a very dull drama, so that really the interest depends less upon the story, than upon the develop ment of this one character. In truth, the novel of No Name is much more engaging than the play, for all that the play is written by the author of the noveL For in the novel there is a principle to be worked out, but in the play there is only the thin story of a girl who, being robbed of her inheritance because of her legal illegitimacy, marries a man she despises, and rejects the man she loves. Eventually, of course, the despised husband dies, and the lover takes his place, the money coming back to them indirectly, and so all endB as happily as the possession of eighty thousand pounds can make it. There is not much in this to make a sensation play; consequently it is not sensational; in fact! but for Captain Wragge it would be a dull play, for all that the heroine has a good deal; to do, and the doing was entrusted to Misd Navaro, who could not be other than interesting, no matter what part Bhe played. But she laboured under the disadvantage of appearing to be extremely mercenary, whereas in the story, if you remember, she is all throiigh unselfish, the motive of her self sacrifice being to benefit her sister, not her self, j For dramatic effect the part of Mrs. Lecount has the advantage of Magdalene, so that although Miss Watt had not the same extent of opportunity in the matter of pro- - minence, she made np for it in the posses sidnjof special interest by the character Bhe playtd. And bearing in mind her compara tive noviciate, she acquitted herself very well, and 'communicated a good deal of what we understand by " character?" qualities to the picture she painted. Mr. Reeves's Captain Wragge stood out with an exceptional salience. Perhaps you might be disposed to question its being the Captain Wragge you imagined when you jread the story ; but I suppose no actor bver quite realised an ideal, and never will. ) In any case the Captain Wragge of Mf. Reeve is a stage-representation very much removed from the vange of common-place. It is an example of humop in the wmcrete, which you wilj remember With satisfaction, wpn joy art 't&inkirig; 'of the few stage ftiCtfires fnafc "Hie' worth' Remembering. Of till tp otfa^er characters, I cannot select 4ne I have named, itwill* Mr. Taylor ..-vAtkus" 'iS but small effect as Noel Vanstone ; Mr. Vin cent still less as George Bnrtram; Mr. O'Brien not much as the lawyer; Mrs. Bryer none whatever as Miss Garth—a very pro nounced character, you will remember, in the novel—and Miss Carrington, who gene rally asserts herself satisfactorily, floundered in uncertainty as Mrs. Wragge. After the drama came the farce of " Cool as a Cucumber," with Mr. Reeve as Plumper. I suppose nobody expected to see Charles Mathews again, who, as you know, distanced all comers in parts of this kind. For all that, Mr. Reeve made a very good mark in it; and as Mrs. Appleton played Wiggins, that character was done justice to also. Last night, at this house, Mr. Reeve was to take his benefit and present farewell, and to-night Mr. Rignold re-appears as Henry the Fifth. At the Opera-house, Mr. Creswick con tinued to play Macbeth up to Thursday, when he appeared for the first time in Victoria as Master Walter in " The Hunchback," a play which of late years has not been seen so frequently as was its wont in an elder time in this city. His performance of the character was of that agreeable sort which will cause it to |N? jpfjuded among affectionate recollec tions. Mise AfctTO'S wa9 refreshingly abundant in the best UftlJ emotional earnestness, and she may very justty iuclude this representation among the the things shd does best. Of the rest, the most noticeable performance was the Fathom of Mr. Thorne, which for a bit of dry humour may challenge competition. The ensuing week at this theatre is to be devoted to a varied series of represen tations, with a change of programme every night. At the Princess's, " British Born," sup plemented by " The Warlock of the Glen," ran up to Wednesday night, when " Richelieu'' took its place, Mr. and Mrs. Tavares taking again the parts of the Cardinal and Julie, the rest of the cast being, as a matter of course, new. To-night we are to have "Flying Scud," with the name altered to " Fly ing Buck." On Saturday night, at the Academy, Mr. Ogden and Miss BeatriceappearedasBillSikes and Nancy Sikes in "OliverTwist." That this piece draws a large audience to those parts of the house which pay a manager best must be accepted as a reason why it is produced. I do not admire the taste which inclines to dramas of this coarsely homicidal type, and I could well wish that "Oliver Twist" had no longer a place on the stage. But so long as it means money, I should wonder if it were not in managerial favour. But it has this present interest to us, that it introduces Miss Beatrice as Nancy Sikes. Without stopping to inquire why good actresses are so fond of playing this part, I must say at once that the Nancy Sikes of Miss Beatrice is an admirable piece of acting, leaving out of the question the objectionableness of the part itself. And its admirableness consists in its perfect naturalness. There is no attempt made to make it coarse, or common, or vulgar, or unwomanly. In truth, it is quite the opposite of unwomanly. But it is the womanly woman of low life. In dress, walk> look, tone, it is the Binning, sinful, yet much sinned against woman, of the lowest Social stratum. It is of things evil, but with a soul of goodness therein, which makes yon almost forget the evil The precious jewel is made to shine out of what is morally ugly and veno mous, and thus it is wholly relieved from the repulsive. MiBs Beatrice singularly well made one understand what is meant by a yearning in the darkness for the morning star which never rises. And thus she won sympathy, and deserved to win it, for all that the cha racter, as a dramatic creation, is unlovely. Mr. Ogden's Bill Sikes is a perfect picture of irredeemable ruffianism. He never relents; he is never sorry; he is all self; the world, other than himself, exists only to minister to his coarse animal appetite. Nothing moves him; no influence softens him; he is a clothed wild beast, with nothing of the picturesqueness of a wild beast about him. I have seen no Bill Sikes so like Dickens's Bill Sikes as Mr. Ogden's. The gentleman who failed in the part of Fogin must go bock to his primer and work up; Mr. Flemming makes a good Monks; and Mr. Herndon a fairly average Bumble; Mr. Power is at home as the Dodger; Miss Lizzie Dickson has acquired a legitimate right to Dlav Oliver i and Mrs. Ryan is not out of place as Mrs. Corney. For the rest there is, perhaps, not much to be said. On Thurs day the performances were for the. benefit of Miss Beatrice and Mr. Scott, and there was played, for the first time in Melbourne, a French drama entitled " Honour before Wealth." It is a dramatic adaptation of the well- known story of Le Roman tfun Pauvre Jeune Homme. It was originally dramatised by M. Octave Feuillet, and done into English byMesars. Pierrepont-Edwards. and Lester Wallack, and it has been successfully played at the Haymarket and Queen's, theatres, London, and at' Wallace's Theatre, Mew York. When done a^ the Haymarket in 1863, the cast, among others,' included Mr. Both'em, Mr. feuckstone, the-late Mr. Compton,' and Mr. foid Mrs; Chippendale. It is theatory of a poor French marquis, who took. the situa tion of a steward, where he fell in love with a young lady who tried to despise him, but whoiloved him in spite of herself, more espe cially when he hod risked his life to save her reputation, and relinquished the prospect of enrichment rather than injure her or her family.- The play. is.full of good material,. but the part of the heroine hardly suits MisS Beatrice. Mr. Ogden made a -good deal of the self- sacrificing marquis, and Miss Pelham, as a modem Njobea showed some amusing humour of the lachrymose kind. For the] remainder there 4s little to ^be said. Mr. .Soott sketched, some new characters, andalthough histoste to#ie selection of some of them may be called in qu&sjtion;, of his skill there is no d^b t. ; v He Monday aightthe popuiwr ooncert at i the ^own-hall was rendered ezMptiJM^lly at programme, and the result was very naturally as might have been expected, a more than ordinarily pleasant concert. That dear little creature, Ada "Willetta, appeared again, and> again both astonished and delighted those who heard her play. On Tuesday this admi ration took the substantial form of the pre sentationof a gold watch and chain by the management of the concerts, the mayor pre siding on the occasion. His worship ex pressed his gratification at being permitted . to convey this rift to Mi«. wm to convey this gift to Miss WinVtTZ' spoke feelingly of the large amount - 0-- — ""go amount of musical talent shown by native Australians Little Ada has for the present returned to her home at Ballarat, but before she leaves on* her projected visit to Europe, Bhe will appear at three concerts in this city, so that we shall have several more opportunities of hearing her. The U.S. Minstrels have maintained their - attraction amid much competition. Last night Mr. Braham was to take his benefit, and there were to be several new items of interest. The Ghosts are still appearing at the Athenaeum. To-night there is to b.e a benefit concert at the Town-hall in favour of Mies Rosina CarandinL On Monday there is to be an open-air con. cert at the Melbourne Cricket- ground, the direction of Mr. Julius Herz. The musical attractions are unusually great, and as there are al! sorts of other attractions, not to spe$k of a balmy Australian night—weather permits ting—there is pretty sure to be a throng. On Thursday night, at Hockin's-rooms, a concert was given for the benefit of Mrs.. Barrington, who is not unknown to the musical public. Several recognised vocalists and instrumentalists took part, A correspondent writes that ifl South Aus* tralia the Infant Mozart has been giving successful concerts ; that Ashton's circus is doing well; that in the north the Wheeler troupe are in active operation again after a visit to Western Australia; that some illusionists are doing the railway towns; that a variety company is in the back country; that Western, the Punch and Judy man, has been fined £10 at Laura for giving away prizes; that E. D. Davies and Lewis have circulated generally, but have now separated; that Mr. and Mrs. Jack are going to join Davies in a drawingroom entertain ment ; that Mr. J. L. Hall's Captain Gingah is the most popular thing in all South Aus tralia ; that the perennial Rainer's pano rama is as successful as ever at White's rooms; that Woodroffe's Glassblowers still draw exceedingly well; and that besides all these various exhibitions there have been fancy-dress balls, flower shows, and other pretty inducements for people to spends money. Late news from New Zealand tells of " Our Boys" being given with success at Christ church, Mr, and Mrs. Walton and Mrs. HoBkins taking the leading characters. The latest issue from the photographic studio of Messrs. Foster and Martin is a series of four pictures of Mr. Rignold in his armour dress of Henry the Fifth. They are worthy of the reputation of Foster and; Martin, and will be valued both as mementoes of this fine Shakspearian revival and as perfect likenesses of Mr. Rignold. The Melbourne Liedertafel gave a gentle men's night at Hockin's on Monday, the pro gramme being, as usual on these occasions, of a high-class character. The flute-playing of Messrs. Siede and Rudall was the eBpecial feature of the evening. Mr. Stephen Massett has gone with his moBt charming entertainment to Geelong, and Miss Ward left on Wednesday for Ade laide. About a month ago Mrs. William Cres wick, the wife of the excellent actor who • for so many months has been pleasing and instructing us, fell down a flight of stone steps at the Opera- house and seriously in jured herself. For some time she suffered' greatly from the effects of this accident, but I am glad to say that now she is recovering fast, and although she will be. somewhat lame for a while from a bad wound received below the knee, she will not, it is hoped, ex nerience any Dermanent disadvantage. TAHITE. 