.COURT OF ASSIZE, < ! Monday, Oct. 28. (Bsfore His Honour Sir Redmond Barry, and furies of 12 t Mr Ohomley prosecuted for the.Orown, in-! et.ruoted by Mr Wrixon from the brown Law' Offioes. " ; '' , " : poroino and- uxterinc. " . j Thomas O'Connor was presented against on a, first count with forging, and on a second count witn uttering, uir Jbeeali appoared for tho da- fence. The Crown Prosecutor briefly stated that tho prisoner had presented a oheque signed by John O'Connor, in favour of Felix Smith, and that there was no acoount in tho bank with John O'Connor. Acoording to tho statement of Felix Smith, he resided in Bullarook Forest in 1st August 1877, and on tho morning of that day, tho prisoner oamo into his plaoe and in formed him ho hud come to take delivory of ehoep at Smith's hotel. At the same time he in quired if there was any other Smith's hotel on the road than his, and was informed thore was! not. Ho had breakfast, and afterwards pro-' dnoed a oheque for LB, whioh tho witness re marked " this Is a Daylesford ohequo, drawn by your father." ' Prisoqor replied his father had bean in Daylesford, but had gono homo. Wit ness then gave prisoner LI in cash, 119 in goods and prisoner requested him to keep a H that was duo by him, and hand ovor tho balance L2 9j, to the pooplo who oarne for the oheep. On tho ohoquo being paid into tho Union Bank at DayloBford, it wns dishonoured. Cross- examined by Mr Leeoh : Gave the ohequo to a solicitor to alio for it, and had a writ served on prisonor'a fathor for L5, though ho had but given money and goods for L2 lis. Tho writ was issuod by the advice of his sooicitor.' Prisoner's sister spoko to him in Daylosford, and wanted him to settle the matter, to which proposal ho had no objeotion, on conditio:; ho waB paid his oxponses. Ho. however told her to go to his solicitor. Ro- exsmioed by Mr Ohomley : Prisoner's father stated that witness owed him money, but this was not correct. Wolaon Gray, manager of tho Bank of Now South Wales, stated there was no acoount in the bank with John O'Connor, when the cheqne in queation was presented for. pay ment. John O'Connor tho father of the prisoner, a farmer at Metcalfe, deposed that the signature to the ohoquo was not his. In answer tb Mr Lseoh, ho said , that Smith owed him L7 in August 1877, on account of two rams, , and he instructed his son to go nnd get this money from him. Authorised his bou to aigti his name to an acceptance, but not to a cheque:. Smith Bent him a writ forL5, but did not payity because he owed him money. A sister of the prisoner named Catherine, doolared that -before, hor brother wont in the direction of Smith's, - ehe heard her father give authority to prisoner to aigD anything for him. Hor father did not transact any business for himself, as he oould not. roqd writing, .but could only sign his name. Her .brother was sent to recover L8 from Smith,- when- --this conversation occurred. Her father did pof know . the. difference between a cheque and "an.' acceptance. To Mr Ohomley : iter brother. went to Smith's to get the money; and; tokheet eheep of his own that - wore obmiog by Glenlyon. J. D. Granger said he was employe 'driving sheep for Thomas O'Connor, He - was employed by' M'Oabo to drive ' sheep to; Witcheproof, and ho was paid by O'Connor, the father, for doing this j LC 8» 6d. Mr Leech for! the defenqe, said it might be. taken fpr granted, that, the signature to the cheque/was not. The father's, but the oonBideration; for .the jury wae,i if the son had signed it with the authority of thOj father., Thi'sl.he 'oontended 'he' .had, and. hadj acteci in a bona fide manner: Mr Ohomley3 for; tbe prbaecution, said tbe evldouceV of: Granger ,was valueless; as it did not affect , the caae andj the' evidence -of priaonet'e Bi8ter,r.was inot oon-J sistent, but - was merely a trumped up story.' His (Honour tin;! Buminipgr; up, ; remarked upon; , the strange demeanour of prisoner, who- went toi fimith according to the, testimony of; ,the!.faitrerj -andidaughter to, get money, but neyey asked jfori it.lnOa-.Ihe contrary- he signeda. ohequeiandj gave" it' to >Smith: ;,whibh thus .increased : the- father.'e liability:' The -jury after consuUingrfor -oeaHyan-h'onrii;brought-inavetdjot;of: not guilty of forgery, but guilty of uttering. ; ! ' '-tV!:ATXEMPr:'Ax!sHObMNa. -; ''' ;;J " J ohp , MfMahpn was '. pres'eh ted ! against,, , f or attempiing'to dischArge a ffiaded' Revolver, ', with intent tb'do bodily harm at James Minbgue. Mr Leeoh appeared for the defence, The prosecutor James Minogue, -.a brewei: at, Kynetori,|deposed that the prisoner; had, been, in .his employment for a few months, about' eight- yeafs back; On; the 22nd June last, he met prisoner at Barry's! .otel at Kyneton about !5: o'olock : in the after-! noon i'h "the bear parlour Witiiesr wae"thenj sitting in the arm chair, ;jwhert 'priabnar!';entar0d| and presented, the, rovqlver at him. ' Witneaa at first thought this was meant as" a ' ' bark " f b u t( .when he snapped, witness asked ;him!i£ he meant, to sboot. Witness .snapped the pistol threoj times, - whereupon : prisoner,- stiuok, him , with,. a| bwhip, and -Mr Barfy.aeized him.,;' Oathelatt'erl trying the pistol,, it wont off. Had,.- the , pjatol; gone off/ the; ballet would - have etruok , him- in) :'th'e b'reas t. ' Ofdaa- examin ed by Mr Leeoh-: -W asj riot alarmed when prisbner' enapped' thacpistol,| 'for he looked upon it as a joke. : Could-' riot -say; if-'there was anything in'the nipple; 'but no' per--! bqasibn eap went off. The pistol- was pne 6f:-tlre; bld "pepper box kind. ! Aft'er:;knqpking; down; .prisoner,. Berry fifed off the, pistol !, and ;the' , blacksmith drpw two oharges, .' . Thought .prisoner; snapped the pistol four times, at ; hiin., .Believed; the prisoner to be .of unsqund. mipdi jand' unfit lo be at' large; . John; Barry landlord, . of ithoi .Courthouse hotel Kynetpp, stated .that on 22ud -June, the prisoner held up the pistol, andrsnap-' ped it twioe at Minogue. He wheeled -him out and prisoner bad soarcely'gone out till heiheardi a so'uffis and saw M'Mahon falling. He there-! ;bon'- seized the pistol and fired off one'- charge., Oo'nSt'abla- Foley stated when he arrested 'tbe prisoner he made no statement. He saw tho .fwq' phargqs drawn from :the pistol ' one; barrel bad.in'iLpowder, ball, and it was qapped. '.The other had 2 balls, but no powder and no/ o'a'p.j Dr MGrath deposed that prisoner hajd been in his .oharge since 1st . July, at the gaol': ".When; speaking to prisoner, he said he did not 'attempt .tb ahbot Minogue, but only his ghost.' .The than; .. waq 'auffqrlng under mbnqmania/ ahd this hbiyvas' bnnvi.BP.ed of. Mr Leech for the defenpe,cibm-' mented that the Crown had acted. fairly !in! call- .ing lheidocter to prove the prisoner, was not; accountable for his actions. Besides ..this how-' ever, -the Crown had not proved tho ohargo laid agaiust tlie prisoner. He had not attempted to discharge the pistol for it was nnoapped, and he could hot have attempted to do grievous bodily 'harm,'3 His Honour in summing up, remarked the prisoner had beon deolared a monomaniac on .one point/that is ho wauted to shoot Minogue's "ghost, which he belioved annoyed i him;. '.,It; would be for the jury to dooide if the prisbner! was ai tho time labouring under thiB monomania. The jury ' retired and after deliberating for '20 minutes, returned a vardiot 'of 'guilty '/bjit/they! were of opinion that prisoner was ihsa'nV at Jtbe| time. .,, I uu'.oas; ' xaitckny. ' i-u tbvd 1 Ah Kqu was presented against for, that at; Daylesford on 30th ' Sopterabor, hb 'feloniously j did steal and carry away monoy belonging to one; Densen. Mr Leeoh appearod for the nrisoner. ! Mr J. A'Ooy acted aB iotorprotor. The first! witness oallod was John Roshleigh, a lad in the' employ of Rrshleigh and Drusen. Ho got pay-! ment from Mr Rodgnrs of an account 12r 34, in! monoy consisting of half a sovoroign, 2 one shilling pieces and 3d. He put this money on: tho counter, and shortly after priBonor came into1 tho shop, and went up to tho oountor opposite tho money. Witness had oooasion to call Mr Danson, who was at the other part of the shop. Witness was dotainod thoro, and after the Chinaman left the money was missed, whereupon ho followed tho prisoner, and asked bim. to re turn the money whioh be did without hesita tion. Mr Densen asked prisoner to show him the monoylhe hod and tho latter turned out n LI note, 2 half-sovereigns, 2 threo-ponny peaces, and somo silvor. Witness recognised the 3d pieoe from being black on ono side, with some soratobes upon it. A coin that was produced in oourt, he deposed to bo tho ono he got from Mr Rodgers. Oross-oxamined by Mr Leech : I put tho monoy into a tioket-book. Never took tho money out. Prisoner oamo back at once when I 0 tiled him. Richard Densen was a partner iu tho firm. Thoy had two Btoros ; from what ho heard the went into the grooery — I saw prisoner. Aftor ho wont nwny, I spoko to tho boy, nnd' from what he said I sent the boy to bring the prisoner back. He came back at onoe, nnd I challenged him with stealing the money. Ho replied, "No fear ; you take 'em." He emptied his pockets, and placod tho contents on tho oountor, amongst whioh was a 3d that tho boy rooognissd. The ono now prodaosd is the same. Told prisoner 1 would hand him to the police, &r;<1 X did. To Mr Locoh , Never saw tho monoy on the counter myself. Served prisoner with the goods. Ann Rogers deposed she knew John Rasnleigh, , Sfw Jrira on the 30th Soptembor ; paid him somo rr.oqey, nmongat which was a 3d pioco ; the one produced is the oamo. To Mc Lseoh: Had the coin about n week; kept iu her bedroom. Had been in business 16 years, and tiover came across such anothor coin. Const. Clark said he arreatod tho accused. Searched him, aud found notes, gold, silver, and some gold dust ; got tho 3d produced. For the ide- , fence, Mr Leech made an able address to the jury, and hopod his client, although a foreigner, would reoeivo that consideration to whioh an Englishman was entitled, Ho contended the prisoner should nover havo been arrested. Thoro were hundreds of such ooins in circula tion as tho one produced. It was Bimply a mistake in identiGoalion. His Honour summed up, and Baid it rested entirely. on tbo identity of tho ooin. Tho jury retired and Bhortiy returned with a verdict of Not Guilty. concealment of birth. Elizabeth Rowan, on bnil, was charged - with concealing the birth of hor child at Nowham,.bn thb 28th ,o f April last. Mr RI'Ddrmott; iia- structed by .'Mr Godwin, defended! ,The Crown Prosecutor stated tho case, irnd called Mrs Anderson; who deposed prisoner; had been in her employ ment, On tho morning of the 28th April. ;wpnt to the girl's room, and from what she saw had suspicions she had been. ill, /Then wont to the cowyard; prisoner was milking -the 1 oows. ' Witness said,- "Elizabeth, what haVa you .done? " Leave tho cows and go to your room." She did so. Told my son to go for the police. Prisoner said, " No, dotJt."" On the latter arriving, went to hor room and asked what alio meant by hor condnot. She replied she intended goiog homo that day, . but. had been taken ill in tho night. Acknowledged aha had been confined, that she repeatedly called for nssaistance ; and that the ohild was born dead. Witness - and the constable found the body wrapped up between tho bedding. Nover 'su's- pected the girl was-pregnarit. Had always beon a good servant. / To' Mr M'Dermott fPrisohen had asked leave to visit hor mother on that day. johh Thomas Anderson, son of last!trithess,,as 'also! Alex. .Anderson, who slopt in/a loom next to prisoner's, deposed thby hoard bo ons calling ; it was ntemposluouB night. Sen-const, Hanlon, stationed. -at Woodend, corroborated previous evidence. , .He .arrested the. accused,, and took the body, whioh was that of a female, to -the ltfok-upii vDr-yCoohrane testified , that he had 'attended"--the /mother at the polioe barracks. .Saw . the infant-' thorp/ whioh was a fully deve- 'loped- male: - ' Ellen Rowtin deposed' prisoner was hor' daughter. Knew 'she'was'pfegnWhta fortnight .prior to, th'e'28th of, April, and had arrangbd for her to'come homo early in'May. Mr- .M'Dermott.. addressed . the jury;: and1 his Honour a'umraediup; i/Tbe jury/rbturned a Ver- diot of Not' Guiltyi i - i iOC >: ; : 'j /, y-. i ; VI JL . '. sentences,. _ / ''TK'omas-'O'G.onntir,'/ uttering & fb/ge'd 'cheque, three years'- hard' -labour; 'cuihulative on the sentenqe he, is . no w Undergoing. „ Jbhri /iSi'Mahon;' "shSbting rwithaintBnt', wns ordered to be detained :ih gaqlNntil the pleasure of his Excellenoy'be1 known/ '"'Ho'diidd' & r3m- bling';,8tatotnent>./wh'ii)h<',hu Honour -remarked give every pioof .ofVtheiodrre'bt flhihg of' the :...;,r .'j. L/f. j: . Civil i List,!-: -ij8'.ru.ii m-:t (Before, his Honour .Str .iRedffidhdiBirry'ahd a ' Speoial Jury/of Six,)'. "IV; Ah Ooy t Vj Frost, V-Mr Hb.dge;'ffiFplaintiff, Baid defendant had filed his schedule. j./Sarao-.v. Marshall. -Stru'ok out./V; -.-il i? Tucker v. Rigby.- Mr Hodge, instructed by -.Mr-Merrifield, for plaintiff,. Mr M'Dsrmbtt and Mr Helm for defendant. Mr Hodge stated he would not keop the jury long.' The plaintiff had-given'a- leasa of the Ironstone Hiii' Com pany, and tho defendant had accepted' the lease. There had ben a breach of the covenant made, viz.v'-that the defendant would pay a" sum0 of LiOpOso sboh as they struolr gold 'sufficient to ebable ihein to pay 8 per cent.' 'on the amount expended .by, the: company. It had; been said suoibnt gold had not been .obtained, but ; the parties werestjll porkipg the olaim. . The bopks :had -'not been shown, although an., .-inspection had - , boon so|ioited. . . : Au . order was .' p roc 11 ted from his /Honour. .. Mr; Buscombo was asked- to -produce dooumentsj -but a-, refusal ;:was -met". Subsequently some- were produced, but not all. He would prove ' sufficient1 gold' had been ob- fained 'sihee the lease ' w'ap; gr'anied:i;'lH'. -Arob- dall, mining Burveyor/.depbsed-th'at'h'bdHapeote'd the.Irdn'stbne Hilrmihe' in' October, 1878, and Oh 26th Ootober last. He produced a plan.be hod made of the mine and p'bihted dut'.upon it -Ihe-land- within tho lease.- -TKe-worktng- had been, in ) the, east' aide i of the:. river. sinohi6- To Mr M'Darmdit-: Vrhere ia no shaft inithe leasehold/- Mining'operationa hadibeen'iafirried on by the Ironstono Hill Compahyhafpre 1875. Tho mibe-wali always a wet one/involving inoea- sant pumping, , The 'obmpany. had. winding and 'pumping. -maohinary "arid ateam'pd'ddlibg tha- ohines. V'Thbpi'as'Sypion'dsj'bvh'o'ljad- b'b'en 'mih- ing manager for DRigbyeV.'sWiB'that 'ho'waa present at theklierilPs.aale. miiab was not puTohased by" Dr , R'i«byp.- ".- .1 a' July,, ,1876, ha \- a.a emplpyod .by . Ijr Rigjjye ae, tjiq imahog'qrt.of the Ironstone, Hill Company. . , Fromv Jaouary, 1878, they had: worked oast.'of the.railay. lihe. He prodpoed , the gpld book, in .wiiicir were entries "foe "ouch" 'day's 'tyashidg, J and ' the bpnk . book;' showing the/payments' into1' 'tfio"-bahk. The, bobks showed the gold ,f rom'lY/th3 !July 1876, to 26th - October,) 1878. .There' Had' in addition boon gold spld. at 'the. mint!' "VHa pro'- .d.uoed refur'nB, furnishod to.'himby.Dr- Rigbye, of receipts nnd expenditure from January- 24'h to October 17th, 1877, oIbo a book that .he.kept showing the entire receipts , and oxpondituro. of .the roine'as far as came -under- hia knowlodge. Furnished fortnightly 1 accounts' 'to ' Mr !Bua- oombei' at the request of Mr Rigbye: To Mr M'Dermott : His books showed a large balance in favour of profit. Opened the'Iroustone Hill miue seven years ago. Had 110 account of capi tal expended in plant. R. B. Tuotcer, one, of the plaintiffs, said ,he oxeciitcd, aiohg 'with hik partnSr Boundy, the loaso a to Dr Rlgbyo on 1st May/1877. After the oxecutioo ho ;wasyp'aid the 6 per cent, on nil gold sold pretty regularly. Tho first payment was in January, L14 llr 7d. Gave possession of . tho land in the lease on 12th January, 1877, to-Dr Rigbye, and got .the re- turns-ovory fortnight, till June 1878, ooming to a total of L1097 17s 6d paid to him,- besides rental 'L50 a year. Saw Dr' .Righyo on ,14th Ootober, ,1877,' and asked him about3 ' poiyiog L2000. Told him ho had got as . much out of the lease as entitled hirir to pay witnosa L2QOO. Dr Rigbye said he had recoived enough gold, and had tho money ready to pay him. Hp had L1000 deposited at the City Bank, Melbourne, at C per cent, and another L900 lying at tho mint, but ho could not pay tho money as ho bad q partner, Mr Dusoonibo, to consult. . lie re quested him to writo a nolo demanding pay ment, which ho would ehow to Mr.B.urcombp, and if he was agreeable tho money would bo handod over by him immediately. If, however, Busoeinbo did not agree witnosa was to issue a Writ lmmGdifltolv. A Fniv firhx nflnvmnrg Tl Rigbye told him Mr Buscombo did not agreo to tbo payment. Showed Dr Rigbyo the. return furnished by Symonds, allowing reoeipta L10,509 9i lid and expenditure L6219 7a 3d, making tho balance of profit, L383I 2j 8J. To Mr M'Der- mott : Tho Malmsbury Oonfluonco Oo. had per- session of tho ground before ho let it .to; Dr Rigbyo. Took possession of tho Confluence ground on aocount of broaeh of covenant. That company brought an action against him. Agreed with Dr Rigbyo for him to stand the risk of the law suit, and ho was to got L2000, whioh money he got. Tho dootor mot tho litigants, and settled the law suit. AdvanoedDr Rigbyo on acoount of tho biiis ho gave for L2000, L2025, iu money L900, and land, &a.; Biis- oombo was-a partner with Rigbyo in this mining entorpriso. L500 was allowod by Rigbyo.for land at Emberton, whioh Rigbye soltled'on hla wife. Witness did not givo, or' did not' say. he made a gift of the land to Mis Rigbye. The Oourt'here. ndjo(irhed,' .// 1 j"" ' 