The Chronicle. TUESDA Y, JULY 23, 1878. Whatever turn tilings may take 'with regard to the Hobson's Bay Railway purchase bill, we have every belief time it will be carried in the assembly, and ye have no wish that it should be otherwise. Others on the Ministerial side of the House may be in the humi liating position of having to say, as Mr. Beruv did, that he opposed a pre cialy similar measure when brought forward by Sir James M'CcLLocij. but the Opposition will not follow his; per nicious example. ProbaMy Ministers have made slightly better tenris with the company than Sir James JU'Ccjllocii was able to make, but had it had been otherwise, the Opposition would not have adopted any such despicable tac tics as to have resisted, on purely poli litical grounds, what they believed to be for the good of the country. On the contrary, they would have supported that measure, as they will do the pre sent one, and not join with any factious cabal of those sitting at the back of Ministers to defeat them, from feelings of resentment, however justly merited,, or from any less worthy motive. Look ing, however, at what was aaid and done on Thursday evening with regard to this measure," we are/driven to the conclusion that Mr. 13ebry ; - will bo treated with much less 'consideration by some of his former snpporters than he had a right to expect before he gets this measure through the Hoiise, and that he will suffer ho small loss of prestige by it, 1 Air. A. T. Clark is not the only member on the Ministerial side of the Houso who will oppose the measure, although others may.be more' guarded in their language, and not think' of going to such extremes as that some whftt: turbulent ' member . proposes^ There is Mr. (jAUSson, for instance, who embraced the opportunity on Thurs day evening of .reminding Mr; Bbiby of a statement of his in July lust year —namely, " the fact that the counter had almost unanimously eondemied the purchase £of the Melbourne and Uobmn'g 'Bay 1 'railway'ought to be de cisive on the qwaition." Let ns,! in .•rdwthrt jiaTlictf fat kc done to Mr. •*# l£ Mb pMitarve, that he f the tfpnttir .oh J«fsry possible occa sion without,any warrant whatever that few of his statements of this kind are of any weight. They are manufactured for the occasion, with some'present object in view, and can only be regarded as so many proofs of his taking the name of " the country" ia vain. Yet they justify Mr. A. T. fCcißt,;Mr. Gatjnsox, and others, per haps, id declaring that, having been dragged through the mire once, for Mr. Berby's gratification, they do mot in* tend to submit to that indignity again, except for some better reason than any of those assigned formerly. A* poli ticians of the Berby stamp, their vir tues may iiot be of the highest order, and there is very little, therefore, to be said against their threatening him on this, or on any other occasion, with re. course themselves to tho " stonewall" tactics l»y which he climbed to office. What the result of that threat would lie, if put into execution, with regard to this measure, does not admit of much doubt, and yet it might be very inconvenient to Mr. Berry, and the mere attempt would widen the breach already made in the ranks of his follow ers. Should Mr. Berry persist in this measure for the purchase of the Hob son's Bay railway, Mr. A. T. Clark said he intended to show him "that there were still a few genuine stone wallers left in that chamber," and " that nothing in his power should be wanting to prevent the perpetration of such a gross job on the part of the Government." With a mock-modera tion, Mr. Gauxsox advised Mr. Clark to avoid heated arguments, if he would exercise any effect on the decision to be arrived at, and yet added, as though scorning that advice, " if, the Chief Secretary forced the House to consider the proposal, in all human prbbatility, such a stonewall would be erected as would not leave the ghost of a chance of passing that measure." Such indi cations of disaffection in the Ministe rial camp cannot be very agreeable to Mr. Berky, and ycfc, in forcing on that measure, this disaffection will assuredly spread, and lead to results, with regard to other measures, not at present anti cipated. The bill will, notwithstand ing pass both Houses, and we shall thus not only get rid of a vexatious question for ever, bnt have justice so far done to the country. . Mb. Service's impromptu reply to Mr. Berry's sec speech, on the introduction of his constitutional reform bill, was not deserving of all the bitter animadver sions the Ministerial press has passed upon it. On the contrary, it Avas, in some of its parts, very effective, showing, as it did, how unwarrantable many (if its statements were, and how contrary to facts patent to everybody at all ac quainted with the proceedings of the parliament of Victoria. Yet wo cannot t'ling ourselves to endorse' what Mr. Service so loosely said about his having no hesitation in stating at the outset— '/-first, that the people of this country should l.aye their way in spite of any barricade that may be raised anywhere else, and, secondly, that in the interests of the community at large, appropria tion bills must cease to lo lost or thrown out." Viewed in the light of much that followed in Mr. Service's fpicch, he evi dently did not intend those woids to be taken in their widest acceptation, or the differences between him and Mr. Berry on the constitutional reform required would be narrowed down to the smallest conceivable points, and much of what he afterwards said would be tho merest surplusage. Not to go farther, what does Mr. Service mean by saying, "that, in'the interests of the community at large, appropriation bills must cease to be lost or thrown out/ and how does lie reconcile this with his contention that the Council shall not lie deprived of the power of dealing with money bills, in opposition to Mr. Berry, who proposes that they shall be allowed to " pass" money bills, but neither be al lowed to "alter nor reject" them? Wherein does the difference lie, except between '•appropriation bills" and other money.-bilk, if Mr. Service intended to draw any such disjiction—which is far from pvo'^ible—and if ft© did, to what b:nel cial result could any such proposal possibly uad? Practically, sucli a pro p isal appears to us to beagiving upof the w iole question in dispute—supposing it to have lieen done thoughtfully—and we • look, therefore, for some explana tion of what Mr. Service really means, and trust that he will favor us with this, when the bill comes on for its second reading on Tuesday next. Let us see how Mr. Service's proposal, that " appropriation bills must cease to be lost or thrown out" would dove-tail in with what occured no later than last session, and to what extent it would lessen the difficulty which then arose about the payment of members. Min isters first placed payment of members ia the appropriation bill, without giving the Council the opportunity of discuss ing it as a question of public policy, and when they afterwards conceded that point, and the Council rejected the pro posal, Ministers placed it in th» appro priation bill again, and forced the Council either to reject that bill, or stultify themselves. Should Mr. Ser vice abstain from offering any explana tion on this point when the bill is next under consideration, it. is sincerely to be hoped that some other hon. member will, for supposing his proposal to be adopted, it would leave the. whole ques tion in a state of hopeless and irre mediable confusion. We should not have advanced one step towards the removal of the difficulty, which seems so formidable in the eyes of many, and which is not, according to our view of the case, to be sought in.any sufth di rection. If the 56th section of the constitution act is to be altered and amended, let it be, not by substituting the words, "passed but not altered or rejected,''for the words, "rejected, but not altered," but by the substitution of such words as will give the Council the power of dealing with all money bills just the same as the Assembly; save ia the matter of initiation, which might le left as at present, with the Assembly. It is not Mr. Berry's intention, as he told the House on Thursday last, " to take away all the proper and legitimate functions of the Council," to which Mr. Kerferd replied, that " that was Terr considerate -irf; Kni M But if money bills are neither to fee "altered nor re jecM" Mr. Beny't theory, tat "wphftmi baii mm tea* lo be lost or thrown out," acconiinf to Mr. Bervioe's proposal, what cobJkql would the Cotmcil have over the ■namirn of the colony, or what fttnetiopp wowld be left to them worth possessing ? * In thatca^,theA«seniblywonldfcesnpreme, and might deal with money natters as they pleased, even to the extent of helping thetnnfat, without any ehesk, which, there is too much reason to fear, they would not be slow to do. All the Council, however, ask for is, that they shall either be left as they are, or have the same power as the Assembly, and this last would, no doubt, be of thegreat eit advantage to the whole community. The declaration of Mr. Berry in the Assembly on Wednesday evening, that the financial statement shall not be made until the second reading of the Constitutional Reform Bill has been disposed of, was quite in accordance with what both Houses had done on the previous evening, when granting a vote in supply for the large rani of £900,000. Seeing that what he wants can be had for the asking, why need Mr. Berry trouble himself about any statement of what he intends to do with it, or so trouble himself, at all events, as to be in any hurry in explain ing, either where it is to come from, or how it will be spent, except in the most general way 1 No matter what former parliamentary usage may have been in reference to bills of supply, it is enough for him to know that both Houses have paced at his disposal, in the first week of the session, the greater portion of the revenue over which par liament has any control, and he can now do just as he likes. What more did he want, to make himself thoroughly independent of parliament, for the time being at any rate, and what more could he ask to justify him in the most thorough indifference to the opinion either House may form of hU financial policy when he is pleased to declare it! Mr. Berry is now perfectly master of the situation, and may, when this £900,000 is spent, either clap on or take off any taxes he pleases, to provide for the service of the year, although much more likely to do the former than the latter, not withstanding bis protestations against any further alterations in the tariff, for the present. Let him only once get his Constitutional Reform Bill oat of the way—that is, so far out of the way as to be sure of its being carried through the Assembly—and what does he care whether the deolaration of his finan cial policy is approved or not, seeing that that bill will absolve him from all restraint as to past pledges or future intentions ? Other ministers have broken their backs over finance in times past—not an unusual occur rence in these colonies, by the way but by the grace of both Houses of Parliament, Mr. Berry is relieved from all apprehension on that score, and is, no doubt, revelling, at this moment, in the prospect of the great change that will take place when there is only one House to consult on such matters. Yet there is many a slip between the cup and the lip, and we would venture to hope that Air. Berry is much more sanguine on this point than the circum stances of the case actually warrant, and that he will find this out before his constiiutioual reform bill is got through the Assembly, large as is the majority there at his back. He may meet with more obstruction there, even among his former supporters than he calculates upon, aud that may both moderate his expectations as to going home with his constitutional reform bill as a Special Commissioner, and his views as to what is demanded of him as a finance minister here. It may happen that he will have no such ma jority for that bill as would justify the ' appointment of the Special Conimis sionership3 on which his heart is set, and that may dictate the propriety of greater circumspection on financial matters. Although favored Nrith a vote in supply for the large ram of £900,000 this time, he may never feel himself in a position to ask rath a vote again, or should he do so, let us hope that it will not be granted. [ At length the fiat has gone forth, and on the whole we are rather pleased at it. Whoever dares to raise up his voice against Mr. Berry or any of his measures is to be ostracised. Mr. A. T. Clark is not to be allowed to read his "choice extracts" this evening from the speeches of hon. members who formerly opposed the Melbourne and Hudson's Bay Railway purchase, but are now in favor of it. Neither it Mr. David Qaunson to have the plea fure, however much he may plume himself on it, of varying his tactics, by stabbing one Ministerialist behind his back now, and anon another from the front. Such tactics are altogether inconsistent with Mr. Berry's notions of parliamentary government, which consists in every one of his party, saying what he himself says on any question that arises, on pain of extrusion from the ranks of his followers. But let the majority of those sitting on the Minis terial sido of the House once dare to put their resolution on this subject into force, and there will be such a thin ning of their ranks, and such a " row" in the House, as they at present little calculate upon. Your " liberals" bj profession are always tyrants in heart, and we need no stronger proof of this than the declaration that Ministers mean to take summary steps this even ing to put down opposition to whatever they propose by members sitting on their side of the Hduse. Those mem bers, we are told, must either submit to be " gagged," or go to the other side of the House, and we should not be surprised to find some doing this, eren at the risk of being treated as rene gades. Unfortunately, the Speaker 13 not a disinterested party, and he may throw obstructions this session, as he did last, in the way of freedom of debate. As a set-off against this, how ever, he will have very different ma terials to deal with now, to what he had then. Let Mr. Berry and his body-guard of servile and spurious liberals attempt to abridge or suppress liberty of speech in the persons of Mr. A. T. Clark this evening, and we would not be answerable for the ton ■aqnences. That Ministers will carry their Hobson's Bay Railway icsan, we hare no manner of do«bt, tmtwa would rather ste it hat, than carried at the sacrifice of f raedott of debate. «• * (fa* Hit Emßm^ «r O«qt Atww't affliealtM itr an MtaMiia «f kh bwa aavM to ko*d kiwtlf h wM»m for transfer to mas other colony, without waiting for ftha expisatioa of Uo torn of oflLi taass « wal thing; aad that the Maia,ais of Ssmsabf, at present ia Now Zealafti «■ probably bo his successor k Victoria. It n only fair to add that a dombt ia oast oror oosao portiaa of this. Tb« Ministerial orpaahoald bo ip pass essioaof oil the Govoraor wishes+> fcavii have made known of his relations with tho Secretary of State for the Colonies, and no donbt ib Mk Well, with • reticence which is quite charming, we were favored on Saturday last by that journal with the fol lowing soatewhat caatioosly worded para graph :—" No sews of iaportance wai re ceived by Hia Eicelkney the Governor from the Colonial Office by the laet mil only a farther intinution that the Law Of ficers of the Crews ia England had not, at the tiaM of iU doparWsTo fan London, given their opinion on the points referred to them in reference to the emit." Now, had we art good reatoas for bslioving that the Mhristarial joanul does not always disclose all it kaowsoo therelatioM of HipEaetl kacy to the Colonial Office, we shoald say that the law Officers of the Crown in Eng. laad to«k a Isag tiaw ia asakiag np their minds on a very simple question. Either that, or there is a desire at the Colonial fiee to let Bis Excellency down as gently at possible. The Earl of Derby has always been re garded as a man of unimpeachable veracity, and yet the M&rqaia; of Salisbury has flatly denied a statemeat made by him ia refer ence to his reasons for resigning his seat in j the Cabinet. Lord Derby's statement is, that be resigned in consequence of a resolu tion to organise a secret Indian expedition for seising the islacd of Cyprus, which ho reiterated after the Marquis of Salisbury's denial, and we have the singular fact before us, which seems ia part to bear out the state, ment, that our Indian troops are at this mo. ment ia possessioa of Cyprus, and that the British flag wares over it Whichever be the more correct statement of the two, the occupation of Cyprus is held to be a posi tion of great importance to England, and whether obtained by strategy or diplomacy, praise ia this ease, as in all others, will be awarded to success. Earl Beaconsfield's statement, that tho wresting of B*toum and Kan from Russia would hare rendered war inevitable, which wai aot at all justifiable, does not very well harmonise with tho atti tude he awnmed and thedeclaratioas he made before tho holding of tho Berlin Conference. Yet it admits of some explanation, which will, no donbt, be given, when the n«M« Earl is feted at the Mansion House in re cognition of his great claims on the country. These two facts eclipse in importance all others referred to in our latest batches of inbmarine telegrams. Sir Charles Sladen will bring forward his bill for a reform of the Upper Home in the Council this evening, and Mr. JJerry wiil proceed in the Assembly with Lis measure for the purchaso of the Melbourne and Hobeon's Bay railway. Whether, over shadowed, as it is, by Mr. Berry's larger and revolutionary measure of constitutional refurai, it wonld be wise to proceed with Sir Charles Sladen's bill now or not, is de serving of ■trinu« consideration. Over Mr. Berry's proposals for the purchase of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay railway, there is sure to be a " row" between him and some of his disaffected tup?orter*, whatever the result ctlicnvise. The Clarks, the Gaunsuns, and others will have their say on Mr. Berry's change of front, ana then* is uo reason why they should not. In spite of this, however, there will be a ratifica tion of the purchase. If Mr. Longmorc is not greatly belied, ho is the most ignorant, incompetent, un scrupulous, and corrupt Minister of Lands with which this colony has ever bseu sad dled. The mischief he has done in this dis trict by his interference between the baukt and the selectors, and by breaking up the reserves for roads and watering purposes, and by handing them over to his favorites, is trifling when compared with what he has done in other places. But he wi^hare an opportunity of defending himself soma day this week from the charges preferred agaiust him, if the Royal Commission on the Lands questions adhere to their purpose, and we have no with to withhold from hia what should be accorded to every man in his position, the right to be considered inno cent antil he n found gailty. We shall probably ia the coursa of his examination before the Commission get at the bottom of that little "fakement" of his about making a present of L9OO to "Boss Cockie" Brown, bat that is only one of the charges' to which he will have to plead guilty or not guilty. Y«t ia the face of this, hn is as confident and as contumacious as ever, having, as it appears, daring the last week, taken upoa himself, not to administer the Laad AcS, bnt to legis late as to % hat shall be done with the holders of small sections tf land in tho neighborhood of Cohc, and to grant twenty years leases to favored persons on the banks of the Yarra. For these things, he will have to answer in some other way, than he did when attacked by Mr. Dow in the house, with a smile merely. However, ia prospect of a thorough sifting <f his ad. minintratioa of the Land Act, we shall carry the saatter no farther at present Thetime for the annual ekctkms for the Shiniof Hampdea is aft hud, and notices to (hat effort will be found m oir adver ing columns. The ratialug members this yew we, Mr. William See* far the East Ridieg, Mr. Joseph Maok for the North Siding, and Mr. Daniel Mackiuaoa for the Went Biding. Mr. John Walk as return ing officer for the la* Kidiag, Mr. Alex ander Buchanan for the North Riding, and Mr.tfordoehMntaVmid far the Weatßidiag, Thursday the Bth day of August proximo ■ the day fixed for the elections, bat nomina tion papers most be in on Monday, July tuo 29th. It will be seen by advertusinenU in another column from whom nomination papers can be had for each of the ridings. All the retiring members will, we believe, offer themselves for re-election. Two vacancies having occurred in the Board of Advice for the School DUtrict of the East lading of the Shir* of Hampdeu, by the resignation of Messrs. Bramley and Stanworth, an election will be holden on Thursday, August the Bth, of two gentle men to snooped them. Tuesday, the 90th of July has been fixed upon aa the day of nomination, and nomination papers mutt be sent in to Mr. William Ower, returning of ficer, not later than 4 o'clock on Monday the 29th of July. Mr. Owen Bobortsou has been appointed herdsman of the Cobden Town Ccsumo, and partias entitled to couimouag* are *a> qneeted to communicate with hint on the •übjiet. The knd sale, whisk was to hare been t*U in Cake on Friday, the If* «f August, h« hew pstpesMdutil the Tnesday follow ing, the »th ci August W« kn twthrai tnm Mr. M. L. Hililfiiiin, rf OilMw «i«t wtt, *• int ■wbcrcf tMHM «f *• JVaiffcrNUi ">^^^^~^^^^ w IHB^W WJOT9. n»berl^W('^bvtfna O Patla»*y,'V cstsed in Vicfcfia, ■#*• things ate fit ■': ■toy of tfce,mtbj*iria«' churches ii.f£i proper train. a* a bqjjMisMliit' U»T mole in a ptblicatioa, wu!Kl with jibe sanction of the General Assembly, It* m hope for the tat. " A feast ia a Jewish Tillage home" by the editor L a f«T good article, but the renew of Dr. Fam/s nmoM on " Eternal Hope" seem, tow to be wasting is •declaration of the wri'er'a own views on the subject. If it be worth while bringing forward anaccMtomed views on rach subjects a* " heave*, aad hell," it 11100] d be equally worth while dncaMing then, lleem. Fergiuaon and Moore are, we ofaeenre, the printen of the review, and it doeathee* great credit, being got up in their beat style. There ia, we may also observe, a. tone of healthiness thraaghoat the whole publication, which bide well for it* future. ItahMMfiad its way into every PrtabyteriMi family ia Victoria. A gntkauaadaVeues the following to Bataraay's Argua nuder the signature of "Inquirer.":— II m reported, on what aeeaw good autho rity, that the following changes are to take place :— Sir & (VLoghlett ii to become a judge of the SapnaM Ceart. SirC. 6. Daffy. Agent General. Mr. Lalor, Speaker. Mr. Catey, Attorney-General. It is, perhaps, worthy of notice that the nationality and creed of these gentlemen it Irish and fiomam Catholic. I hare no wish to stir up sectarian animosity, bnt I cannot help being rather amused when 1 think that whilst we are ramping anil roaring about constitutional reform these gentlemen, all radicals and patriots, are quietly sliding into the snuggest appointments to be found in the colony. We have had some real winter weather in tbi* district during the last week or two, the wind blowing from all points of the compass by tarns, with heavy drenching rain in the day time, and not unfrequently severe frosta at night. Yet nobody complains of this: on the contrary, everybody is deKghed with it, forming, as it doe*, such a contrast to our last three winters, which left the ground un saturated, and led to such a scarcity of water in the ensuing summers. Now, how erer, we may hope to escape the latter of those two evils, inasmuch as all the creeks are running, the drains overflowing, and the tanks full. Everywhere around ns, the crops look well, early and late, and there is j every prospect this year of an abundance of food for the cattle, and of a bountiful harvest. Before the lambing season comes, fine weather will probably set in, and thus add to onr advantage in that respect. Dr. Hearn has made up his mind to stand for the Central Province, and bit address to the electors is already out. Mr. W. J. Clarke hai consented to be put in nomina tion for the Sooth Province, and it is said that he is not likely to be opposed. This is what the Council should aim at, the strengthening of the conservative party in their House, and not weakening it. it will not be long before they will require all the force they can command of this description. According to present appearances, Mr. Jeremiah Dwycr will be left out in the cold in the contemplated " chapping and changes" Minister* have in view, and deservedly s«. His proper vocation is going backwards and forwards to Ministers, as he did to Mr. Woods, with his pockets staffed full of letters, seeking billets or other favors for his constituents, and in being refused. An other caie of this kiud has just been brought under our notice, in which Mr. Longmore gave him a point blank refnsal, which we shall take care to let Mr. Joseph Jones know, when he opposes Mr. Dvryer at the next election. Benjamin Leonard's application for a license of 264 ncres under the 4Jth section of the Land Act of 1869, in the parish of Timboon, Camperdowu district, has been approved. So have the applications of the following persona, in the parishes named, in the Colac district:—Jeremiah Job, 3 acres, Warrion: Henry Lock, lr., Wangoon'; George Winter, Catherine Mills, Johnson Gissanrf, David Bennett, Joseph Bennett, , Joseph Henry Sell, James M'Grath, Maiy j A. M. Locojk, and J. Brace, 3 acres each, ail in the parish of Elliminyt. Thomas Thorbnrn'n application for the license of 151 a. 2r. of land ia the parish of Toorak, Camperdowa district, has been re fused. Also the applications of Eliza Absalom and of one hundred other appli cant* for the name land. And so have the applications of the following persons in the parish of Teran*: — Sarah Ayres, Peter Dow, William M'Kinnon, and Abraham Smont, all for lla, 3r. S4p. each. ' The applications of Henry Hall, parish of Warrion, Mary Holien, parish of Elliminyt, Colin R. Tulloh do, and Thomas E. Tulloh, ditto, for 3 acres each, all in tin Colac dis trict, have been refused. 