UPPER WARREGO. RLOx OUt OWN ORORtlEPOODRENT The 5000 iheep in charge of Mr. M'Quilkin-not Quilter, as I wrote in my last-are still promeouding between Ddllalah and Charleville. Ttis, I think, is their fourth week. When firat reported they were said to be the property of Mr. Fisher, and on their road to Widgegoweory. Mr. M'Quilkin is now unable to say whether they belotg to Mr. Fisher or to Mr. Harding. Further, it Ias been discovered since they arriced in this neighhourhlood that Providence has supplied no water at Widgegoweury, and tise owner of thel sheep has no land there. It seems to me that this Widgego-what-do-yo?.call.it plays the same part towards those in chlarge of sheep that Mrs. Harris did for Mrs. Ganmp; it is alwa3s brought forward on every possible occasion, it is referred to as a model, it is the Alpha and Omega of men in charge, it is the hegining of their hopes, it is the goal of tteir wishes. The shleep it has sent away are wonderful, the eh ep which are goissg to it are more wonderful, and the sheep it Iass on it are most wonderful. Yet, after sll, the place, like Mrs. hIarrie, is simply eatsting an the poetic imagination of drovers; a hallucination of rovers; " the baseless fabric of a vision" never to be realised. These shleep have upon the whole been kept pretty well within their legal distance, right and leflt of the road. If the elepherds occasionally go beyond, it is contrary to orders, and the condition of the sheep testifies to thle truth of this. I hbed the opportunity of seeing a earcnsee dressed and hung up ao mutton. As Professor Pepper's ghost-i.e., the ghost invented by Professor Pepper, and exhlibited at thle Potl3teelchnic, in London-is patented, it may not have been exhibited in this colony, nor is there the sliphteet oceasion it should be. Only dress one of M'Quilkin'e shleep, snd you have the ghost ot once ; stand iu front, place a letter or a book at the back, and you can read as though nothing intervened. Had they been the property of Mr. Glaess, they could not asve been more transparent; nay, probably not so much so, since that gentleman has recently been tak ing up land, end may therefore be designated, without great impropriety, Mr. Ground Glass, and conse quently opaque. Two thousand head of cattle, in charge of Mr. Need. ham, from Mitchell Downs station (C. J. Stuart and Co.), are passing down on the other side of the river. They are for sale bwhenever and wherever pur chasers can be found to give the price required-- 2£6 per head for bullocks, £5 for cows. If not previously sold, to he taken to Melbourne. I hIold it best, in the case of Mr. M'Michael's death bgy violence, not to make any comments, us the matter has yet to bh investigated by the legal authorities ; but the report of the occurrence whichl has uappeared in the totpers bears on the faee of it the stamp of an ez parte statement. " Audi alteram parlers" (hear bothl sides of the question) is a wholesome saymg, even in the ease of a Chinamen. From persons who were acquainted with each party- the dead and the living-I have received the following irnformation:-Mr. M'Miehlael was, when he first arrived about Cunnamulla, shep herding. By hIis good conduct he earned the position of reporter to travelling sheep. He was afterwards placed in charge of a small mob, and latterly of a larger. With each rise in position, there was a scoree. poasding rise in selfesteem end isportanee. The Chinaman was engaged simply as cook for a mob of travelling sheep in charge of Mr. M'Michael, and nothing more. Whilst travelling, "Johln" was required to fetch up horses, cut wood, make fences, carry water, and to perform a variety of work not appertaining to the place of cook. He, seeing he was imposed upon, gaee notice to leave. At thle expiration of the time he auked for a settlement, and was refused. Lke ths Israelites of old, his toils after this were redoubled, wslen he again acked for a settlenmest, and was again refused. He then continued with the sheep till they arrived at Bundaleer, where ihe resiewed his re quest, us hIis labours were not at all lightened, when hIe was still rfused. It was then, in one of thlose paroxysms of rage to alhich all Orientals. and some A esterns, are liable, tlhaot hIe committed the foul deed of slaughter. This is a 'ery different thing from " one of the most cold· looded murders ever committed in Queenslatsd," &c.; Thr great Dasiel O'Oonnell has justlfed msceh more "'cold-bloded murder." as "the wild spirit of revenge," and the juslifloltion, such as it is, has been endorsed by many members of tle Britisls parliament, lam tot juasifring any cowardly set-either the Chinoman's or anyj oter--for I Iale and loath oil cowardhfsess in thoueht, word, and deed. But, did I not elre what I helieve firmly to be a true nersion of the matter at present under consideraion, I should be aoting thIe part of a aneak and a coward in not renderine juitice to one at present under a cloud, and upon whom everyone hIas "' a down." Thie drought still continues unabated, and without tec slightest signs of a chlange. The grass has all dried up, though offthe roads there is still plenty. Eoeept in the rirer Ithere is a great scarcity of water. Vishe nghts are plcuasana nd cool, the days-especially the afrternoons--ure olt; nothing, however, is grow ing. There is a bhd prospect for tre winter. Riverelrigh, on the Angolalla, has changed hands, two brothers, whose name hIave escaped my memory, being the Isurhsaser. They saoe, unfortunately, been safiering from feoer. Mr. Wakeley isaeting for them, and receiving delirery. It was the prorserty of Mesurs. J. C. Stuart and Co., of Mitchelll Downs. May 30. A funny t' ile iis law (says the Patriot). A brutal fellow, named Webb, got three months in Brisbane Gao', a day or two ago, from the Maryborough Bench, for b.atiog his horse to death withl aclotlcs-eprop, and sarse hiir-that is Webb, not tile horse-quite right. \Ve would reeonmetd thlis interesting prisoner to the kind notice of the Guat Conservation Society as Lthe best advocueo they eer hIad. But note the sequel. Some ol tile locad law ners are arguing that, if Webb had pleaded ,alce prepe.se to bthe extent of a deli. berate illltentioo to kill the animal, he could not have beeln eotvieltd, because there is nothing to prevent a san from destroying a hoero, his own property, in any way that he thlinhs lit. Truly, the perfection of cam moo nease not unfrequently is allied to the perfection o nonsense. Eugltsh is the Court language of Germany. It is a proud mument when a Brttoe or an Amerioan, vilttttg the palace, is saluted with " Dot was a pooty sobpleotit moraning, ain't it 1" 