She IMh Watrft, PUBLISHED EYEBY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MOENIirG. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEK 27,1878. ASIA MINOR. THE Sultan says he will never make any treaty with Eussia. For his own good we hope he will stick to this. As show ing his sincerity he has thrown himself still more into the arms of England. He has sanctioned the making of two long lines of railway through Asia Minor, one to connect the Asiatic suburb of Con stantinople withBussora on the,'Euphrates, and the other to connect Trebizonde, the chief port of the Black Sea, with Alexandretta in the Mediterranean. These two lines will effectively intersect Asia Minor, and easy and lay open to commerce one of the fairest and richest regions of the world. "When 2000 miles of railway are made with English money we may rest assured that the British Protectorate will be something more than a name. British emigrants will follow the navvies, Turkish arrogance will have to .respect Englishmen's sense of right, and .the even-handed administration of justice will establish industry and prosperity. There is no more promising country in the world ' to try the effect of stable and honest government.. Natur ally rich it is the connecting link between the populous ' east and the civilized west, and with good govern ment it ought to be the counter poise to Bussian ambition. When in vaded by English enterprise and capital this is what it will become. Those timorous souls who would confine Eng land to her island home may chafe at the new departure of English thought, but we are glad to see England asserting herself as the champion of freedom and progress, and we trust no narrow spirit will ever guide her policy otherwise. She owes something to the world for her favoured position. She can afford to pay it by accepting responsibilities that -will check tyranny and bad government, and further1 the comfort and happiness of mankind. . Wp remind our readers of the Service of Song, entitled " Jjife and death of Uncle Tom," winch is to take place in ttfP Jpstittfte Hall this evening. Mk. AND Mes. KING'S BENEFIT.-The bene :fit entertainment to Mr. and Mrs. King in the Institute Hall on Monday evening was modera tely attended, but in consequence of the non appearance of four of the amateurs who had promised to assist the programme was almost entirely altered. Mr- Ring complained greatly of the behaviour of those gppfclppiep who had attended the rehearsals up to the last hour yet disappointed him. Mr. King and his wife, however, amply made up for the default of the amateurs, their singing and dancing being much spplsjjded and repeatedly encored. Mr. King's dancing and Mrs- Kipg's singing were especially enjoyed. At the cjfl'sp pf tji,e fiyst part of the entertainment Mr. King and Mpstep ppe of his pupils (the other having failed to appear) danced in excellent style a double sailors' horn pipe and were enthusiastilly recalled and loaded With flowers. The entertainment concluded with aiar(ce entitled "The Weeping Barmaid, or the Pepj^e' prupimer," in which Mr. and Mrs. King sustained ifte ppj^ct^fs .and kept the audience very meny. 1 NOTES fkom THE PONT.-Our correaponiepi writes "The contractor and the trustees of our Union Church had rather a stormy meeting the other night. They don't seem to be a happy i$. J. would not be surprised to see. a County Court ys.t ovyer the Church. Shearing is in full swing, and 'eyeffboty ip good working ' order. Messrs Peck and Vause'ar.esendjmg jtheir wool to the Fort-There ia plenty of fiehin'th? river jusfc no*, #l?o nets to catch thep," » T -A. A. JL V^JLJLj H fl ^1 II THE Rev. Charles Clarke is to give two of his popular lectures here. The first will be on Westminster Abbey, aud the other on Thackeray. We do not think two lectures will be enough to 'satisfy Mount Gambier, and hope arrangements will be made for two more on the lecturer's return from Millicent. GENIAL rain fell on Sunday, and the reports from all parts of the district indicate that it will ;do much good.. A WALLABY' RAID.-His Honor the Chief .Justiceand party, accompanied by a few local sportsmen, had some wallaby shooting on Satur day near the Dismal Swamp. Game was found in abundance, and the firing was lively. About three dozen wallaby were soon bagged, and more could have been got but that it would have been a wanton waste to have gone on shooting after the party had more than they cared to bring away. ' His Honor did not shoot,- but was always in the thick of it, and enjoyed the sport. Colonel Fitzroy was most useful, and made a big bag. THE CIRCUIT COURT.-The usual half yearly Circuit Court was opened here on Mon day, presided over by His Honor the Chief Justice. Robert MacMaster, charged with false , pretences, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to (three months' imprisonment. James Brodrick ..pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing jewellery, and was sentenced to .18 months' imprisonment. James Robinson was found guilty of stealing three one pound notes, and was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. Robert Sweet was found guilty of a common assault, and was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment. Henry Coles on the same charge was acquitted. C. F. Sheppeard and W. H. Sheppeard were found guilty of stealing a cowhand were sentenced to 30 months' imprisonment each. The Court rose at 2 p.m. on Tuesday. . ; ; His HONOR Mr. Chief Justiee Way is to leave Mount Gambier this morning on his return to Adelaide. ' ; THE Victorian Road Board at its meeting on Monday resolved to recommend that the £3000 placed at its disposal from the construction vote should be appropriated as follows :-Millicent road, £1,500.; Mount Gambiejr Border road, £375 ; Penola Border roadj £750 ; Penola to Robe road, J6375. At next meeting of the Board the money will be appropriated. . ACCIDENT.-On Wednesday last a young man named Bany, son of Mrs. Barry, farmer, of Compton, sustained a severe accident. Whilst leading a horse it kicked him on the face inflict ing a nasty wound and knocking out several of his teeth. He has since been attended by Dr. Addison, and is progressing favorably. ENGLISH MAIL.-The mail for England closes at the Mount Gambier Post-office to-morrow evening at the usual hour. DRUNKENNESS. - At the Mount Gambier Police Court on Monday morning two men, named W. Lord and F. Crouch, and Jane Collins, an old acquaintance of the police, were charged with drunkenness. The female defen dant was given till evening to clear out of town, or in default 14 days' imprisonment! The men were discharged with a caution. THE Ghost Illusion Combination and Variety Company intend giving two entertainments here in the Institute Hall, commencing on Tuesday, November 12. A distribution of gifts will take place after the entertainments. 