Latest from South Australia. adeiaihb, Tuesday.— The secretary of the Widows' Fund and Lile A&surauce; Society, Mr. J. C.Minns, has resigned. The directors acknowledge that the position of the society here it solely owing to Mr. Minus's energy, and urge him to re-consider tbe step. Jie declines to do eo. ? Tlie acting Governor gave a dinner at Government House, yesternight, to the volunteer officers. Seventy were present. His Excellency was supported by Colonel Downes, Colonel Barber, itnd Major War bui'ton. Newcastle, Wednesday.— Mr. Rainford's pro duction of the Ghost last evening proved a great BuccesB. T* B WCA6TLE, Tuesday.— A serious stabbing affray occurred at Bullock Island last night. Andrew Johnston, a coloured man, struck a man named James Downey in the groin with & knife, inflicting a dangerous wound. Downey is bleeding inter nally, and is ia a critical state, Wakgett, Tuesday. — The western mail route via Wallerawang is now proving its superiority. Cobb's mail coaches arrive according to contract time, while the iftst northern niaii by Nowiand's mail coaches arrived twenty hours late, and yester day's northern mail is now overdue, twenty-four hours.— —Sub-inspector Wrighthasarresteda young man named Mills for abstracting £30 from a letter, while carrying the mail from Muneindi to Walgetc, A portion of the missing money was found on him. lie was brought up at the Police Court to-day, and remanded. No rain has fallen here. Lrraaow, Tuesday.— The engine-driver and guard of tbe mineral train, in yesterday's collision, and the station-master at Lithgow.have been sus pended pending fuller inquiry. Uuajuha, Tuesday .—Last night, a large and enthu siastic meeting was held in the Temperance Hall, in reference to opening Ottt *nd making the turf voyed rpad from tJralik to Bundarra. Mr. John Crapp. presided. Resolutions were 'unanimously, passed affirming the nedeasity for the same; such resolutions to be forwarded .to MesBrs. Terry and Copland, JI.L.A.'e, with the request that they will at once take action in the matter.' Tfie appointment 5T a resident clerk ^'Peity. Sessions, and the holding ;'of JiBctioh sales of Crown lands at the local police office, were dis cussed, and resolutions in their favour passed. A petition j in accordance, , was initiated, to be for warded to the beforenamed gentlemen to present. Moruya, Tuesday,— Between 100 and 200 horse- men, and other residents in buggies, met the Rev. James Graham Love eight miles from the' town, and gave him a most enthusiastic reception. BbIbbaMe, Tuesday.— Mr. M'llwraith, leader of the Opposition, has given notice in the Assembly of his intention to move that a loan ut. ^£3,000,000 is desirable, the debate wil! take place on Wed nesday. Mp.Ldoubne, Tuesday.— In the Legislative Council to-day the address in reply to the opening speech was carried without opposition. Sir Charles Sladon criticised some parts of the speech, ex pressed disapproval of borrowing money for non-reproductive works, and regretted that nothing had been said about immigration.- — A Supply Bill for £000,000 was brought in and passed through all its stages. The House, after considering tbe second reading of tbe Goulburn Valley Railway Line Bill, adjourned at 9 o'clock, ? The case agaiast Messrs. Stevenson and Sons was mentioned to-day at the Criminal Court, and tbe parties were bound over in their own recogni zances to appear.— : — A writ has been issiied for tbo election for Dundas. The nomination takes place on the 23rd. and the polling on the 29th instant. ? Information has been received of the prevalence of scab in some of the Hocks in Tas mania.1 ? The spread of vine disease in the Gee ling district is causing immediate steps to be taken to prevent its spreading into other districts. —Serald. Bobabt Town, Tuesday.— His Excellency, the Governor opened Parliatnent to-day. The Volun teer rifles, for the ftffit time, formed the guard of honour, and there was. fiu immense attendance in the streets and inside the Council Chamber. The speech oongratulatedhon. members on the position and prospects of the colony, and expressed a hope that the anticipated war was averted, but urged tbat the defences be proceeded witb, and also the establishment of a small permanent defence 6orpB. He expressed gratification atthe promptitude of tbe Volunteer movement, and the result of the Cable Conference, andrefenedtothe factthatnoindic&tion; had been given of Tasmania co-operating. Tbe main line of railway dispute occupied three paragraphs, and bis Exoellency said it would be dealt with when the London deputation arrived. An altera tion of the mining and land laws; arid tbe Elec toral Act, were promised, and bills will be intro duced making the office of Attorney-General non political ; for regulating the civil service ; and for the creation of thn office of Minister for Justice and Education. Further public works, and pro vision for the maintenance of roods, wil! also be proposed. The financial condition of the colony wits never sounder or more prosperous. The population was largely increasing, and there was a marked increase in every branch of revenue. —Herald. , .... 