-THE BA« OF GOLD.* Br DOKAD OiMEROK. Author of ' Borlpopolla.' ' .Ten Rsr. Bryan Btrrj was the -sole rspre senutlvs of the Rorosn Oathollo faith In the wild and moDoUioou* dlstriet of Jlmballico, an Irolitod atirloh of country In one ot Tlctoria'tmott dittent prninscs. It mostly consiitedipf cattle rum, the head ' statlont ot which ten far dlataut from each other, but in 186) gold was discovered at Wild Oat Gully, and. a somewhat eibnalvs mining camp was |ha mult. Tula waa the first townebfn U ever «taoll«B«f m the Jim- ' beUloof disHct. Hanoe Wild Oat, as the town was caled, beoame 'a kind of oenire, where the eraattersiaold their .oattle 4nd bought autln requyeneou. Tbe district waa of such aehanottr that after the plains wdioo streteosa osiow cue mouutai ai were reachsd evsrythlng bad to be carried on paok-boraei.! Even jthe maebinery of the Wild Oat Osnpany, tke flnt i|uartaMalnlag vesture started (n tke »«w minus, since famous In tic annals of gold-minhig for Its riehnsss, wts carried |pleo.-a«al over tbe mountalua, and the fltat piano which de lighted the «n of Wild Oat arrived by tbe same mode of ooDyeya o». T/u», prior to that, the enterprising icat of the ' Tnree Noggeta ' had import*: a ' Bord ' at great expend-, wtsrswitb to beguile the diggers into epsndlgg their m iey, in oonjunotioa with two dams'li obtai ed from Melbourne to danoe with the tou li ^aloera ; but tte speculation proved u fortunate, tor the hnraes look fright in pa ing over a precipice and tumliled slap Inlc a foaming torrent, while the maidens lid hardly arrived when they straightway ieo*me the wives of tbe two rich men of tbe ommiulty. Before the' arrival of tha secoi I piano, tbe melan choly concertina, with tba help ot a tew ewvbirps, had uiurpei the mualcal throne of WOd Oat, lor there w i only one fiddler in the dbtriot, and he -u too ardent a devotee of Baeohua to b trusted at 'hops,' but on its appearance, th n primitive Instru ments hid to seek the It w blllaldea, nhere, from scattend digger*' -nts, they were to be heard at night, reietbllng too often a concert of oata with baa1 tuned voloea ; for a oat of the concertlnaa rera minus certain easential qualities, owing to being oooat tonally nssd ss weapons of assault ani defence. It may be thersfCm imaglued tbat If mualo had already obtained a footing In Wild Oat, religion 'was not diiregarded,and the auppcxl tlon was right. Tbe Wgalayant— for a large number of the diggers w«r« Curoiahmu— had estabUahed a BetheJ on ttteaummlt of a little bill close to the caibo. and a walk to It on' a Sabbath strongly rsoinded one ot Christian's ascent ot tbe HIU of Difficulty In 'Pilgrim's Progress.' On wintry Bundays theaacent of this bill, through ralry -jlay ? the tautology is not mine, for I have alwaya found that clay ia miry and sticky when wet —waa the csuae of much twokaliding, both ot tbe feet and of the tongue, for aven tbe moat devout were often beard to blupbeine whon they took an unexpected alido downiurda and arose with their Sunday-go-to-meuting olothes covered with dirt. The Weslayana are lucky people, however, for owing to their religious oopstitution, this . Bithel was alternately served .by two lay t-r««oher», whoae accent was powerfully tVnlih, and who worked in the miuea all the week, and praaohed on Sundays. The Roman Oatholio population were scandalised at taelr neigb hours being ahead ol them, and they there fore petitioned to tbe archbishop, and, on theirguaranteelng certain tbloga, a missionary was sent up to Wild Cat, and a amiil church and two-roomed cottaga were built for the ' praahtt, Ood bleaa him.' A very humble ohurofa Indeed It v, ai, whioh developed a pronounced leak in the roof three montha after its erection, showing tbe builder, though be pretended to be a ploua man, oould cheat heaven as well as his fellow men. Aa lor the cottage, It might suit a miner, but not a man of the taatas of the Bay. Bryan Bury. This gentleman was a talL Strong, handsome man ot about thirty, with a determined and almost atsaual faoe, although there waa oast over it the veil of a refinement whioh he had acquired in his .youth. Though of poor parentage he had passed muoh of his time, after his ordiuaUon, in a palatial cathedral in France, where he' had acquired tutes'aad feelings ill ia accord with bis present situation. He had bean drafted as * missionary to Australia, and . had to. obey hti superiors and leave the pleasant city of Melbourne for thla desolate spot To a truly religious man, fUlei with grand religloua fervor, which has glorified tbe . names ol the many noble Catholic prieata who have laid aside comfort*, nay, sacrificed their Me, for their faith in more inhospitable climes than Australia, the situation would have bMD. one whsrau to glory for the Orosi of Christ. Sat the Rev. Mr. Barry was not one of these msn. 'He was a black sheep, a lovar of. ease and luxury. He could bs religious and cooO with a pleasant chapel, a 7Wi*fflrir1^^^^5rMS?ajjat^»e»to»t-«. jut to him this [aolallobTTrom all tba oom torts .of ^the xlviliaed .World waa* terrible penance, and he .was the more aggrieved becauae whila ha had been sent ti. tide desert Joined to this, he Jud^squired an^oouraad love lor gold— even now he hoarded np out of the pittance his 'parishioners rabssribed lor him — poold be have obtained sufficient, he would leave 4be church and lead the life of a wb'rldlibg. It may, therefore, be easily seen tbat the reverend gentleman waafarfrom bring a fit pastor ol ? Christian churoh. But, aa he had no other means bf llvibg, he chose to be bypncritlMl, and to continue a minister' of a religion in whieh he did not priotloalli . believe. As for hU Book, he bated and dea pbwd them, becauae they did not contribute more to Ida revenue, aid man a terrific', denunciation he thundered at them abodt their meanness. But the people soon began ' to understand the character of thsb pastor, and. save with the most supersUtiou* and un-, tlilnklng; there was little love lost betweeD thraia '' ' ' ?? i ' . One night, in the depth ot winter, the Bev. Mr. Barry ?atintbe little chamber' which' ?served him aa dining-room and . ? Zke,|ra(l«al aunyj wblah tha anthor. ^an attempu u pomnlt to panar ia founded on fact, end eewrtowoWvaareaio on a prbnlnant (oMMd. TbawVft«»,b»w.rar,lMpa«.lliat oo (anaai will In effanded -m Aa (wort of rallsloii. m ther» ia no inuntiui usSand Aorperson orthe -HtpoaHItm of dnaargrnn in tnU ule, ton matter of what «et 'ha mlfbttxa nlDlater, w»dU bava «toallr *Uen asdarttntanipuilim. l '., v ... .: . -, - t U ia lurdlv »MBasan.ta.say that In order is 'epanthe-raellbgeortnOM who an acquainted wltt {ti7a*tau» of tola tntrtt. (JatiHooa oame* «rs '^rlva«. .„,-,..{, .,;;,.,,, ..., ?_ , . . ~. klirhen. An old ence, who anved blm aa oook and hoaaekecprr on very moderate wage*, «at by the the knitting a ?tockloj and humming an o)d iriaHsoDg. Tbeprieat att at the tibia IcoWei out of the window In a deep and discontented reverlr. Without tha world was robed in a garment of para wblt. snow, which had fallen in the late afternoon. NokwIUiaUndlnBtbeanowstonB the dsy had been clnj, and the night was cqutlly ao— not a breath disturbed the festoons ol snow tli«t,lay upon the limbs of the dark stringy bark-tresa, or clunK u- their brown Uuoka. The atara alione out ot the intensely Woe aky bright aa the most brilliant diamond'. No Mtuud dlatntbod the stlU air tavai tbe thnmp— thump of the pumping engine &t; the Wild C.t Company, which, like tbe human heart, Dnareeasad its labour, for the attaU lareabouta waa terribly ?stunted wltb water, which bad to be kept dawn. Thr Raj. tit. Uarry looked uut upon the dreary 40fne, and It recalled to him bis ?lodanr dayrfst 8t. Otter— his plaaaant boiirein hli'+«*i)iTJiai;i3y tmsbytery, and bn Wt vtry bitter in Jet d sgalnst fuU, the Ohnrch, aod'Uie Arebbbhop, Rat— taL' , The print and the cront Uwtwl. Tiiat knoak wai a rough oo«— nothing rauood or clly-lik«/ahout it. The crone rose tai opened /ihe door, and in walked a great, shaggy miner, all balr, beard, overcoat, and red cjsy, who ahot off tbe auow cu to tbe prieaCa apology for ? etrpst, upon which already be had dapoaltaii half a ton ot mud — cinch to Mrs. O'Dowd's horror and wrath —ind taking off bla Cdlfornlsn hat stood abashed before the priest, who gave hia no favourable look. ' ' Pltair, sir,' Said the gnat atalttarb fellow, who waa aa frightened aa a child before 'bla rlverenee,' 'Mick Doolan la puht all hope, the dontber gave him np, an' he wanta you to confeai him. for ha ha- a terrible weight on hla mind, Qod deliver the ponr orathur.' 'I'll aee him to-morrow,' replied the IW. Mr. Barry ; ' I oannot move out to night, and Jou know Mick lives in Break neck Dally.' ' But, your riverenc,' pleaded the miner, ' he won'c lito till morning.' ? A thought suddenly struck the mind of' the priest ; a thought which must have been prompted by the Father of Kvfl hlmsalf. Mick Doolan was ths mystery of Wild Cat. Kreryon* knew that himself and hla mate, Lurry Duegin, had ma4e a regular pile out of a claim un Breakneck dullj, but, so far, no man knew what had become of tha duat. It was baldly alleged that both men had cleared lietwren them some £10,000. Urry Deegan had suddenly disappeared ; his mate sttd that ha bad gone home, and had left quietly so that no one Would know, for fear he might be followed and murdered. Since bit departure Swiss had lanf « -?&«]/ hit, never coming to tbe camp, aave for provisions and whlikay, which latter be conramed lu enormous quantities. But, otherwise be was very oloaa-fiited, and spent nothing. He never vlaitcd a puullc-uouee, whioh ml a perfect fnnd of wonderment to all the ntlonal-muded diggara. Of coarse, there were many aurmiate afloat about Doolan and Daegan, but no one appeared to be certain of anything. The thought now arose in the Dtod of tho lliv. Mr. Barry, that if tbia man waa dying, It would be piaalblc to gat him to leave bla goods to tba church to atone tor bla sins, We need hardly point out what would become of tbo propuny to th* render, who baa already fathomed the utter rfenar tuni from gram which tad oocunred in tbe wretched minister's soul, out ot which that unholy spirit mammon bad driven all that waa good and holy. He reflected that thia wealth would at once give blm all he had ao long dealred. Htruok with this idea, theltev Mr Barry at at once aald, in an altered voioe : ' Oh I then, I suppnae I moat go to comfort the poor soul. Mra. 0 Dow.l, bring me my cloak and big boots.' The old crone soon got fala things, and the reverend gentleman sallied out into the star lit night with hia conductor, who waa pos sessed of one of these logeoiooa Australian contrivances, a bottle lantern ; tbat Is, an inverted bottle with the bottom knocked out, and a lighter) candle Inwrted in the neck, a lantern which I have never known to have b«an blown out on the windiest nlgbt If properly beld. Tbe uncouth guide piloted the priest over the billildfs In a very careful manner, and they arrived at the oabin In Breakneck Golly which was Inhabited by Mick Doolui without any serious mishap, for thi- auow had made the ground pretty firm. An awful place was this Breakneck GfuUy. From the very bunks of the nday little atream tbe country roee in wild precipices and gorges, mantled with the tuickettundergrowtb,rat of whioh arose giant trees, whose dark colour waa now diversified with enow. As ths two travellers baited before tbe little bark bnt and looked upon the terrible prospect, listening to ths roar of the atresto as it dashed over tha rocks, it Waa a somechstthependlofa Dor£ might bare immortalised. Tbe feebl* light of the lantern Illuminated the facet of the two men ; one the picture of vulgar awe and supersti tion, the other darkened with that eternal gloom which ''oyerabadowe the faoe of one who is bent upon a dread crime. On ent«rlt-Rih« but a aiasae of a different character, but si ill In accord with the aurrouudlnga, .un tbe eye. On a rough stretcher, covered wjth a blanket, lay* lean, cadaverous venture, whoae only evldrnct ol life was bit uroiog and ever shifting eyes. Ths lace w» the image of deathaad aa white aa the snow hat lay outside, a«reat contrast to the thlc matud black fasir and beard. Oooaalonallv this being atartid aod cowered, aj if dread jnnaeen beings avsr* torrnanlloa (la,., /BslsSral a lpofpf attmnge relief iipsF hlsTaoe whed he saw the prieat. The Bev. It. Barry sat-down by the bed on* riokettr urse- leggnd aWol, and took the aufferer's haul. He bad studied medicine, and knbw perlaps more of thatsdnce than tbe hslf-eduoaled parson wbo prwumej to attend to tbe ?hysleal'Wanta ot Wild Cat. . 'Ii*s no ole, joor iriverenee,' said the sick roan, with* ghastl* smile ; 'I'm done for; I'm going— homel I won't see the tun tiss again. Pat, I wnt to he left alone with the priest. Oc boon likeagood fellow, and you oan come when ke rlverenee calla at your bnt on bia way tome. L'ave the lantern; he'll want it.' V Pat silently obeyed. , U knew that the shriving of a sinful soul wauot for anyone to witness except ths slnneMhe prleat and Ood. Yet, had ths honest (Low locked at his putor'a face, even bis d« . wiU ' would have' been set wondering, foiliU face waa hardly leas ghastly than that *lhs patient who was-' suffering frooj delirium trsmena. Tfua the priestbtd already dMnrsred. wd, notwitustuding the local madio-e,«plnlon, ,he felt oonvueed thst Dooltn'aigratid con stitution wonld ?aurmount the Icaek and that ha would tespnr; and ttuiV«at thia .^rfjm^htektat thteSng. Aa,* «, Jnfiiiitejneroy, send down bit angslto baffls the o^mooi«cipl«r that night 1 .? ??,! - ! ''jB'atheT,''1 tali D»lan, as.tbp dooicloted on Pit, ' I have been a terrible ajunarLohl can you give «ne absplnUoof If I -bad I wpnlfl go threB/thany penaios.*' . V.. , /??Ood,1' replied the priest in a stijna, unnatora] robe, 'l» viry aurdfol, sndjjas |hle (poor minister, hays powtr to aixolyejbt me aCand hide not one tittle olyoor sow' for ibers is One to whca*tA-knows,^dtt ! ?:*??,*?:? ?-? -n ] ooues«luientaMVieallghUatiit)iD wilMfi'.roy my absolution.'' ' I (till tell the truth,' eriti tiiajnc'iri't, rising on hta elbow and ojarlng roucO the room. ' IT- li there and nadrr 7-ls «yea I will not be able to telf a lit. He has «eeu tliBM every night sines that awful night. U» It there now ? — '' 'Hu«i I' said tbe prlSat. ' Make your oonfMSf.Mi until I aee what can ba duno.' ' I will, I will,' pasted n«lan. ?' Well, your rlveruct, all yean ago Ltrry Dngau and 1 left tbe ould country tognhor— Ood'» curst on tbe day we d(d. Wo wrrc aa lirkht a p-lr olboyaae ever yon saw, mera lada, and as happy as- kings to think we wore volnit to make our fortunn Id Anctraly, We'd bean rejralar Wmrailft Iver sine* we were geaaooiit, t;tlw a wake or a wsddln', a (lino* or a fair, but we were' together, ajirl ?kith, the mlttrould be bould Who would face our two tbillalagha. We went np to Ilfndv's at luaht, bat did no good there at ell, at all, any way, for we got no genld, and both of us Ml in love with a purty cotlesn there, wboae father kep' a Ml of a shop. Though nayther ol ut tsiu a wnrd «o each other about It, I k*t-* dill tnk to Larry, and whan wo worertmlo' for thla ruih, I heard her tall blm when he'd oome back with some gold sbe'd bare him. The illril ft/-fc luto my be art that blaek day, your rlversneo ; bnt btrry olver tuapected anytblnt;, aod we Cams up ban and fill upon the rlsbett patch tkat avar wat found in tbe ««untry. We 1st no one know It, your rlvownce/'— h»re he sank hit voice to a wbUper— ' but it wu tremanjons, it waa like ahovtlllu' np gould. Larry wat In nrt«t glee, Iihsum he said he would now be abla to so hack to Sandhurst and marry hit slrl. That wat like ailokln' a knife Into me. I aald nothln', but oh I ho* I thought and thought, until tba dlvll Cot entirely tbe beat of me. 1 fought blm a bit, but be had «uch a good eervant In the whlskay, tbat he beat me to plows. W«ll. ths patch wu worked out, ana we made a division. 'Tama wonderful, your rlver»nr», we had gould to tbe amount of Xlfl.TSO eaoh, over £10,000 altogether, after all our expensei. Tbat night tbe both of us Rot drunk, and Urry kept talking about tils Ktt», and swore he'd atart tha Unit rfav »nA marry her and become a sqqatthor. The whlskay made blm very loving to tne, but it tut ihs rflvll into my soul. I don't kn»w low it took plsoe, hut I teemed to wake np n ih« middle of the night, and then waa L«rry etomi.iie-rl on the Boor, just whtira h* fell in ? drunken sleep, his throat out from ear to ear I 0 1 holy Mother, forgive me. T K-ehlm new, then, with tba blood flowing down^ Oc away, Ltrry, I'll ate your tout, ' Huth I' silj tbe priest, ' cintlnuti your story.' ' Biche mo the whiskey f' naked Doolan, a»4 tblt befog ioo-- h» rpptued rttrenhrd, and proceeded : — ' Wull, I wat atunld far ft lemp lime, bnt at last I bf«tn to think hetlrr of It, in' 7 .took the corpse nut, an' I burind it unrirr a big rook, Ju«t tha other tide the creek. 1'he spot'a always green. And 1 bare lived bnro over ainca with that curand gould, in-1 nuver lifted It, for wbsn 1 went »1 dig it up it snsmed at If ba stood In tht wav. An' B'-w. yaur rsvorenee, I want to do r»p-ratlnn. I Want you to tend ail ths gould hnuia to liirry'a mother — who's aa poor an a orow— anil perhtpa that will Me my alnt,' ' I ennnot ubiolve you,' 'Id tlir prloi', lu a cold, bard Volco, ' unltta you Imv all your gold to tun Church, That alone will aave you from the terrible faU which ia In atom for you, moat miserable of ulnnsri.' ?' Ltve;ltto tha Church t' crind DooUn ,wilh an Hibernian wink in hla left oje ; ' nc, no, your rivorenoe, with all deference, I think t'a my dnty to, giva It to Larry's mother. That's the btst atonement.' And, lu eplto of tbe ravarocd nintli'man'a argumen'.s, Dwlan pertittsd in hie deter mination. For a while tba INv. Mr. Btrry atocd firm. Imtot l«tt ha gava in, and U-o- lan ahowad him whore the gold w«i burled, but churned him nut to touch It until lie wae dead. £31,(inni Whit an nndrntm'. nf 'fortune Wat that to tba poor, wretched tinner who had allowed goM to warp and destroy bla Jtoul. 'Am you awake, Pit,' aald a sepulchral voico at tha door of Vit Ouay late that night. 'Yet, your rlvnreoc',' rtpllod VaI. '? How it poor Do-dan »'? 'Much better,' replied tlin Utv, Mr. Btrry; 'he told tae you need no', mine over until the morning. I dop't tblnk thnre'a anything the mattor wjth him except 'ho drisk. Tbe oontoUtiont of tb« Churab appeared to nate him.' 'Heaven 'a blestlnga rn you, sorr,' aald Pat, ' It's glad I am of a nigbt'i rial— lor Ihavm''.'hid much of Urn tiiraugb Djiilan. Good-night, your riverenca.' 'Faith I thai Doolan mush't bo a bl(( sin ner,' said Mrs, O Dowd to an old crony of hen n»t morning, Jutt at the tun wts riling, while they were baying n cup ol t.r« together, 'for when hit rlvsrtnoe came hornxlstt night be lookad aa If he'd tian a binehaa or t he Inemy hlmaelf, St, rotor aiv« ui I Wirra I whai'a tha matt«r wl*.h yon, Pat 1' This was addreswd to Mr. Casey, who a '.ood at tlie door, tbe peraonifioatfon of torror. 'Oh, murder I' crl«d Pat, 'I wict to Do6Un'a otblc this morning, airly, and thorn be waa, stiff and wld hit (Jtroat cut from tar to 'Imi tan ual' ejaculated the lartiei, croulug themselves. ' And he'd done It hlmaelf, too,' cried Pat, ' tor tbe racor had insttt dr.ipnel from hit base. Wntw'ath.pnuiittr* , . . ... Of course there was an Inquest, and the verdict was in aeurduoe with the evidence, fr.to it u. The medical man was certain that the delirium twtnens had rlien to such a pitch that tbe wraiehed man was drive o to snlcldx, aod be blamed Pit for bslng absent. But the Rtv. Mr. Barry e-cuted Pit, for be said tbat when fas left Dsslan he wutu a good frame of mini), and before going off to sleep bsd told htm to tell P*t act to com*, as be wit ashamed of keening a mac, who had to work all day, out of his ber) every nlchi. The revrrtnd gentleman added that he feared this was a rust simply to get rid 'of the pretence of ant one, and tbe coroner and Jury agree! with hla.. So Doolan was burled, and the old hut at Breakneck Oully became haunter]. Ifotraoa of tbe immcute board, aald to have been amstasd by Doolan, was found, although— but this wu In the daylight— tbe *lte ol tba hut 'Was dog up by enterprising treasure tetkera. Some said tht devil bad flown away with it; others averred that DooUn' bad never nude a pUe.sud a f«w Indulged in dare wble,-era, but were carelol bl tbe company in which tbty uttered them, for a word against the Bev. Patber isrry 'Would hart resulted In a cogd tronsc. ngtotheipeaker. Tbsgsnerat marvtl was wDooUo eommltud solclde, whan a '«w faoura weald have settled matUr«, ana tb^re wms sm stplsoaHoo, eceeptwe otTersd by the r jouog gentleman who' ' managed the anob bank, that, In aioortance with his ptnry astore,. b» htd iop' to the other world jott bWui. h» hla not Wn invite!, aod. then, attar the nutUr bad tormtd a ;-«d topic for sl« montlu. It .radutUy Means obliterated ont bt the publlo mud, j la »l.« «f mf' r-«-n- and prtrtlrjgoocnr ine*: \l the lt*v. Father Barry had bsen morose anil distant before, he wo* -r«Uy ao alter UooWt death. Mrs. O'Dowd told bet cnnlsa tbat to* dreadfal r*vatatton Wulsh Uoolan had mad* to tht priest bad oom plainly uanervwi him, 'which,' she ssld, ' -t must her* been awful, eonalderin' as his ravwence was a mtthty tlitroni man.' It arum brctwe ftvldent that l^tlisr Barn was dlnoBtentod with hit flork, and that tbtr wtro uo better plot**) with him, «ud tn lour b» wrote to theeecl«tt-s-lml tuthorltlts argloR thst the cllmat. bad ttioh aa effrtt unoh him trhat heeeuld not llv* in the place, lit was accordingly recalled, and, otrtaloly, when hopresecM hlmwlf at lb« arcbl*p)t«opti Eiltte the (irtlate had enry mnflrmitlon of it itaUmtot. Th* atou», n»y pries* had - txsiooia a laak, Btls, ghartly - mas. with V furtlv*. trightaasd *jes, H* wu rsllevsd Iron active, dnty, and tp*gt hla tiro* much at he pleaatd. IVawrotlr li. declare that b* mutt be sent home, at ha, could not Nccndta himself to AntlralU. He wat also humnured In thla, and lUiappaarefi fnr ever from Iho k-n- At hla rellgloot hretlinn. N'l «ne of them *v»r h.srd of the Itiv. Father Barry Main, and great wat the marvel at to what had breorne nf him. Surony-art aflerwardt, us Wild Cat wu declining in r-ro»f»ritr, *» ?ilreiiluruva miner aunk a hole oppoaila to Dmilan'a cabin, and Came upon tb» ntllca of a human bain' At Bnt there was much wonderment at to who*t sielaton It might be, but when n tiny Bold lnck«t was routed up, on which wat luacrluwl Deegtn's name, the camp a.1 last aeUlod tho rorsUrv ot Diolan'a crime anil end. Break nock OnllytMoaoie atlll more lmunlwl, knd an Innoornt white cow wblcb want tboro to Rr»t«atnUht-, atonoobooiui^ tin terror of thr neighbourhood, and Itt ruott ilnllnlout saumtlon ; ber lowlnga belnit aet duwn at ?hn groan* ol De«gan'a aplrli lainnnUnir, uver bia untimely er,d, and tba losn ot lilt R'-l(i. It niwid not bo said that thn 'carch for this s;oM reddred a tr*ah impetus, and In the daylight quite a new rgilt tn'ik pUcc to DiwiltnV, lint not on' of tbe Industrious diggers were rewarded, Not far from thr city of Lima in I'arn, It ?Itunted a monastery, famed for the tutt»ra lives of the monks, kud particularly noted at th« -lrat we writ* for tbe gniat piety of Itt abbot, a vtntrablo man, Who appeared already to have rnached flaavtn era lie left ?aril/. {Jit life had been tpeot from the earliest manhood lu the Rnntleit ptnly and tho simplest mod*. Ha waa a child In the w«ya of the world, a giant In bla knowledge of virtue and religion. To this monulery them bail been admitted, a faw day tilfore w» vitlt |i, a wretebsd, broktn-dnwn man, nuce the gayest and moat wlokM nf I'erti'a oltla»n«. Whence h« b«d roni» yiiara ago, no one knear, but lit wu pr)l'--\ learned, arjit tlis noaseaaor nf bouttdlnM wnalth, ao no vns troubled thflmselvet much about hit antocn ilnDU; and lie no a o.r»nr of riot and dlsalpation ulraott uarivtlled, even In that wannblooJ«d land. At last b* waa raAuoed to beggary, and broken-down and dylnn, he carat to the monstterr, to ctotr thorrln hit in_ , ? _. ? ma is repentance. Fn m Hip ploua »l-citKlir-cant the monkt, Droiber Xlintnna, aa ho nallml lilmtolf, apimarfd to obtain little roll-f, no human Iwinn appeared ao mlsnrabln, ao contclona nf ?In, and yet to Imh.nlltnt. U waaiu if ba hsd biwn bxIbbi! with that tinpolesa despair of forglrane-t wblcb aoro» ooolrelutloul men toll ni soltra upon those who havanommlliid th* Intiplable crime against Ilin Iluly flhott. At Drat ths monka tried to woan blm round to a batltr «taU of thlnga, but at laat they pnaltlvnly became afraid of th* man, so llttln like anvlhtng earth did hn twin, ao gliaxiy and diabolical wu his appmruuiw. Oun evening tlia Abbot wat reading In bla atudy the workt ot Si. Jerome, whon a lay brotliur ttppad for admission and gave him a packut, which he tuid brotlmr Ximauaa had dlrcMed to «lv* to tba abbot at a certain time that night. Th* abbot, who bad long marvellod at tbe man and ondoavuurtd to utiravel hla uirttorv, at unco onenrd th* documrnt and road ft. f Jo prmsntly rnponttd bn bail not called a monk to sit with lilrn. Tho room waa Urge, and tho thudowa deep, and (ho norjiiy father felt hia flesh rrwp M he reml ihn terrilil* oonfa-alun, and altaoat ?ipeotad the Fathar of Evil to appntr to confirm it. Tha mmfeatlou wu alifnod by ' Brian Utrry,' and therefore r,ur »-d*ra will guota that th* ncluan wu our old aoqasiBUDoa th« priiut of Wild Ot. Tart of bit confession we havx already narratod, the remaindar will throw all required light upon tblc dark biliary :— ' Afttr s few struggles with th« demon of gold 1 ylulded. I knew from ray medical knowledge that tho OiaD would recover. And thai when hti got well Im woulJ lauch at Ilia tarrormnd refuia me the gold, aa I could not use hit confession ?calntt blm. , I wat oniumed wltb * thirst for the aconried tntaura j and ths way In which ba related be had killrrl Detgtu tu'gesUd the dtad, for bin razor lay on the aholf. Era 1 knaw what 1 wu doing h* was dead. Ho wu weak, 1 vary powerful, aod, tavt on* awful cry which will ring in my can until d*-th, ha mad* no outcry. By Sstan'a own fortune I did not hava a drop of blood rpllt upon me, and when I had rcoovered mraelf a little, I saw at odco tbat th* «Wh could be tot down ito s'ulcld* by dropping tbe raur beneath his hand. I ni riovlllth ounnloc. 1 noted that th* ttrokt of th* razor wu mail* ?xactly at a aoloUa would mtkt It. After getting the ba« .at gold, which was vary heavy, I left and returned home, leaving tb* bag outaidei until my houaiskteptr want to .l.,r, wtt™ i rw*. froaigat ft in, and pat it In my oust. Bbortly afu.rw*rdt, I left Auttralla and Bed to a land whom 1 could not be knows. But mj etimx fallowed me, and two ybantomt, with tbulr tliroats out, nner quitted my tight To aioapa the agony of mind I wsi In, I plunged into tbs maddatt diaalpation, and eommltttd unknown, uhthought ofcrlniet, but in rain, reman* davoursd my sonl. A atlll greater crime was upon my sonl— th* aln of wbioh I wu golltj toward. Mother Churob, and whtoh 1 believed tntxplabl*. Wh'n all wu gone I cam* to tb* monastery, lo wine slight hope that scourging and ptnitano* might atsuage th* wrath ot offended U*tv«n. But, no i Instead of, tliHK holy walla giving me relief, they Increased my anguish a thousandfold— they appeared to ria* to throat out so accursed a thing. I can stand thla no more, my brain burnt, iny, heart is ftrt, my aoul b already in tormtnt, my body on th* nek. The ghost* are evtr with me, and nrg* tn* to cad all.a thalr Uvoa were ended. And to nUht I f»l tbat I can no morn rssltt tbtm. Wi»n joo have read -thia letter I will be Utterly horror-atriokan the abbot talacd tbe hens, and proceeded to Xtmenss' cell when a tight so horrible met t»* gale ol the spectators that all il*J, otottlng tluuuelyts , ,l«rooay,MdBr»jl«g.|&t;^t«stiim,f-omthe . H» resUIn a tnlsfd«'«!grsvir! th. Iwror ot , ?vw/pne who kc*ws the t.rrlbj*»torr. And ' f «l &*.- »?*-*; h.;JM,rb»d, bis naaslons -? calling and hob faith, might Sav* -Momt %j grsat and wood man, bat h* gave Way to than., and UQi& torMi the tstrlhle Uapta- , tlon of th* Bio oi Ooii. ' T .''' 