OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments."— Shakebperk. Theatre Royal. The " Midsummer's Night Dream " has been continued on the boards of this theatre with more or less success. Mr. Punch can hardly endorse the very flattering — almost approaching fulsome notices that have been extended to the performance ox tnis very charming play of Shakespeare. Mr. Punch still retains very pleasing reminiscences of the production of this very same comedy on the 6th May, 1864, at the old Prince of Wales theatre, with the following caste : — Bottom, Chas. Dillon, with Rogers, Simms, J. Welch, C. j Walsh, Sam Howard as clowns ; J. Rainer, J. J. Bartlett, F. C. Appleton, Burford ; Mrs. Dillon in the dual characters of Titama and Helena; Mrs. Chas. Poole, Hernice; Mrs. Crosby, Hippolita ; Miss Laporte, Puck — one of the best representations by the way j and Miss Emma Neville, Oberon ; with the first Fairy, Miss Kate Corcoran, &c.; This was not a very bad distribution of characters, and Mr. Punch regrets that he cannot at the present congratulate himself upon any great improvement in theatrical representations during the last few years. Victoria Theatre. ! " Camille " has taken the place of " Pique " at the Victoria. Of j the same character as "Pique," "East Lynne," and several other j plays of a miserable, and not a very reputable or moral tone, "Camille" is not likely to prove any great "hit." Miss Coombs sustains the principal character with great power, though her im personation is not, from various causes, so thoroughly acceptable as might have been expected. The " School for Scandal " is in pre- j paration, in which Miss Coombs appears as Lady Teazle. The Queen's Theatre, This (Friday) evening is the last of those very popular actors, ! Messrs. Baker and Farron. On Saturday, Mr. D'Arcy Ogden makes j his appearance as the Vagabond, Sandy Morton. Mr. W. Andrews ( is billed for the character of Colonel Starbottle. ! | The Guild Hall. I "Good wine needs no bush," and D'Arcy Read's " Ghost" requires | no puff. A thoroughly genuine performance, as interesting as j wonderful. Mddle. Charbonnet's Concert. I This very gifted artiste gives a grand morning concert at the Masonic Hall, on Saturday next, at 3 o'clock. That she will meet with a most enthusiastic reception is as much a matter of certainty as that the concert itself will be of the most recherche description. Billiards. The champion billiard player of the world, Mr. John Roberts, is j playing a series of matches with Mr. Shorter previous to his depar ture for India. Mr. H. Roberts also gives an exhibition of his marvellous skill as a hand player. St, Vincent's Hospital Ball. j This ball duly came off on Wednesday evening with great eclat. | Quite a crowd of happy hoppers attended, and did the light fantastic i to the strains of the bands of the Wolverine and Young Australian. Mr. Punch is glad to be under the impression that it must have proved a thorough pecuniary success to this most deserving charity. Mr. Punch has great pleasure in drawing the attention of his readers to the fact that Mrs. Le Couteur, better known as Miss Emma Wangenheim, has returned to her native city in perfect health and voice. This clever daughter of a clever father, comes back to Sydney after a most successtul musical tour throughout the English provinces. Mr. Punch looks forward with pleasant anticipations to her reappear ance in public. Her repertoire of characters is of widest possible nature, and judging from the notices in English newspapers, she gives any manager in Sydney a magnificent chance of identifying his theatre with bona fide native talent. Mercantile Rowing Club Ball. This (Friday) Evening the Annual Ball of this now very popular and influential Club takes place. Sliding seats strictly prohibited ; and the Mercantile Rowing Club Rules strictly enforced. Mr. William Creswick. One of the best and most representative gatherings that has ever taken place in Sydney, came off on Tuesday evening at Molony's Hotel, under the presidency of the Hon. G. Eagar, to do honour to Mr. W. Creswick. Contrary to the run of post-prandial utterances, the speeches upon this occasion were of the highest order. The Hon. G. Eagar, in proposing the toast of the evening, was in his happiest mood ; and Mr. D. Buchanan, in speaking to " The drama," made one of the most forcible and effective speeches that he has ever uttered. The deliverance of Mr. Irving, in proposing " The Press," was of a highly humorous and satirical character, and Mr. Punch regrets that it has not been chronicled. Among the sixty gentlemen who sat down were the Premier, Colonial Secretary, Minister for Mines, and Postmaster-General. Mr. Creswick leaves this colony after a most successful engagement, and with the good wishes of all. 