MACBETH. Mr. Thomas Kenny, a clever essay ist, and who has written most ably on the subject of " Macbeth," charact.r- ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime and terror relieved by the most mag nificent imaginative expression," yet marked with great simplicity of gencr.al design. The date of the produciiori of the piece is set by Furnival at 1605-6, and " we may take it for granted," says Kenny, "that it was. written in . the time of Jaiines' the First, who' ascended the throne Maich, 1603, as it contains an evident allusion to that monarch in act iv. scene i, and also a complimentary reference to him in an other part. The material for the play was found by Shake.speare in Holiii- slied's History of Scotland, where the story of Macbeth is told at page 168." The Macbeth and Duncan are repre sented to have been cousins; the first , a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo sition, and the latter "so .soft and gentle in his nature th.it the people wished the inclination and manners of the two to have been so tempered and intercliangc.ably shared betwixt 'them that where the one had too much of clemency and the other of criiolty, the main virtue between these two extre mities might have reigned by indiffer ent partition in tliem both. The play all along keeps close to the line of Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely I any particular except in the non appearance in the banquet scene of the ' murdered Banquo's ghost" I , This tragedy has been presented in Melbourne ive believe oftener than any other of Shakespeare's works, The I late G. V. Brooke, .Charles Kean, Charles Vincent, in their time essayed ' the part, and we have had other repre- ( sentativcs, from, the burly McKean Buchanan and James Anderson to the ' little dapper J. B. Howe. But few I artists have made their Melbourne dehut in the rSle of the Thane of Cam- ' dor. Of tliose who have, we now call , to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, at the The atre Royal, July 2, i860, Mrs. Charles ' 1 Pooie supporting him as Lady M«c- N leih, Mr. Henry Edwaids as Aamfff, f Mrs. Winterbottom as- Ma and ) the principal, ,siniJgAVitcfi(esAyereMrs A Hancbckand the late Julia Matthews. /- Previotis' te That, oti Aug. 25, 1858, at > the same theatre,;There bKt'upqn the . k theatricar' finiiament an Anstralkri Y . Eoscius!,j:«Master Edward .Pole, aged,'/ Hb'also'iplayed the part, which as ' K i feaf of. nieindry, was extremely won- (: "derful.- Thisigehtleman h left > the stage and become a .vfamily man," ' and' now fptlqrk .ihe:. , prpsaic', business of a dirivin'g papefhaiiger. ) .. At. the time of the "Ghost" sensa- A ; tidn in 'Melbourne, in 1863, this tragedy /' was revived to be produced with. " Pep-;. / pc'r's ghost effects," which were an- , \ , nounced. as "combining the, real with / the ideai.Mhe 'Scientific and the - poeti- J cal, the positive and the illusory," with x thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- ( market' Theatre,' August 22, 1863, when ) under 'the mahagement' of. the late Jaines Simmonds. The part of Mrtc- ( hetlu was alternately, played' by Messrs. R. Younge and HenryEdwards, the-G ' iLid y Maehdh was "by the late charm- / ing Annie Lockhart. \ It was in the p.irt of the " Thane's guilty "wife,'' ' that"' Miss\Gofidard (Mrs. ( Capelj'made her bow before a Mel- J bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal, ' 'A'Ugiist'24i'l857; the late G.V.Brooke / appearing as Macbeth." 1 \- The Opera of " Macbeth," by Verdi, . .lias bce,n presented, in Melbounie by / 'two dififerent cdm'p'ariies at' 'an' interval ',j r.pf'.twcly.e years, ,,The first production was at tlie Theatre Royal, September / j-BpljprFitlvtlie ianchi Opera Com- i ' PiM)y.irSig'lo'''i Bianchi unfiertqqk the / music of hady Macbeth, Signor Bianchi / ' Macduff, Emile Couloir Macbeth, John : » "7GreggfArfr/i(7W<'3VMter iSHerwin MnZ- / cothi. aiid Mr. John Winterbottom was '/ .iconductoiv'of the orchestra. The' se- » coridltiine the Opera was revived was ( at the Prince.ss's Theatre, under Messrs. / W. pS. /Lysler jandtlCagli; 'The Aitle r rbleMqobeilb) i>ya' plibtteid jp \Signor /. Toumerie, ;M«o(f? tb SigrioiLerindro / Coy,jBa»(/Mb ; to 'Signor Dondi, j MaZ- , A cohw to Signor Benso, PA?/, 9ici'a?t to / . Signor. Faya.s GentlemovigAiXp .Signora J Tpurrierie', arid 'Lady Mac&eiA; to Sig- A "riora''Zenbm." ,/ 