FRANCE AND THE CONGRESS. During the protracted negotiations vhich preceded the assembling of the Congress, the French Government main lined, for the most part, a nrudenfc and ugnified reserve. It seemed indeed at imesasif French statesmen hadalmo3t ost sight of the traditional position of the lation in European politics, and were lisposed to abandon it without a protest Che result has proved that thia was never he case, and that the temporary absfcen ion of France from taking a foremost )lace in the European diplomatic sontroversy has really enabled it a exercise the greater influence it a proper time and to Bpeak nth the more commanding effect. In the ittitude chosen and the line of conduct maintained the change which has come over the nation is strikingly ? manifested. There is a veritable new France, which taught by the eharp experiences of adversity has emerged from a period of overwhelming disaster wiser, more far seeing, and stronger for the ordeal through which it has passed. While Frenchmen of the old school have taunted their present rulers with inglorious indifference to the honour of the nation, that honour has been secured and exalted in the pursuit of legitimate and peaceful paths. Since the re establish ment of constitutional government the administration ha3 diligently and succes3 ftrily striven to promote the true interests of the people by wise legislation and by internal development rather than to suffer it3 attention to be diverted by the adoption of a brilliant but perilous foreign policy. Yet while thus giving to home affaira their due pre-eminence, the French Government has maintained a vigilant watch over the progress of events and evinced a readiness to take its full share in the solution of European difficulties. Not being so directly concerned in the ques tions at issue as England, it has been content to remain an interested spectator of the discussion, making it clearly under stood that it expected to have a voice in the final settlement. When the Austro Hungarian Government took the initial steps towards a European Congress in February last the French Cabinet at once accepted the invitation, stipulating that all the signatories of the Treaty of 1850 should be represented, and that the discussions should be limited to subjects arising natu rally and directly out of the late war. A similar response with the same provisos was made to the invitation from Berlin, and the principles enunciated were steadily adhered to. Shortly before the Congress assembled at the German capital M. Waddington, the Minister for Foreign Affairs and first Plenipotentiary of France, in answer to a friendly interpellation gave an exposition of his foreign policy, which ha3 elicited, as it deserved, universal commendation, After describ ing the military situation at the final collapse of the Turkish armies, he justified the stand taken by France on the ground that it had a capital interest in the main tenance of peace. A number of important public works, including the construction of a vast network of railways, had been undertaken ; it had been determined to give a vigorous impulse to education of all degrees, -whatever might be the cost ; and the task of reforming military institutions had been commenced. The successful accomplishment of .these national projects depended mate rially on the preservation of public tran quillity. Besides this there was in hand a special work of peace — the Universal Ex hibition; France had invited visits from all her neighbours, and was bound to do her utmost to preserve friendly relations among them. While, however, the main tenance of peace was the cardinal object steadily kept in view, the dignity of France, its traditional interests, and its prestige in the East were duly cared for. Hence, while generally stipulating that the discussions of the Congress should be limited by certain boundaries, express mention was made of Egypt, Syria, and the holy places as subjects that must not be entered upon. This reservation M. Waddington asserted was made both in the interests of France and the general interests of Europe. It was of the utmost importance to restrict the delibera tions of the Congress at the outset, so as to lessen the risk of fresh complications by setting aside everything not directly affecting the iBsue. The wisdom of this principle is seen by its universal ac ceptance, and it is undeniable that while strengthening the hands of England it has materially aided to bring about a pacific result By insisting in a calm, temperate, and firm nvitiaer that the policy of respect for. treaties should be upheld the French Cabinet rendered essential service prior to the Congress in supporting the demand that the entire Treaty of San Stefano should be submitted to that assembly, and that former European compacts should not be modified without the consent of all the signatory Powers. The tone adopted by SI. Waddington in the exposition of his policy, no less than the_ principles he enunciated, met with general ap proval, and an order of the day according to him the entire confidence of the Chamber was carried unanimously. For the time Bonapartists united with Republicans, and the French Plenipo tentiaries carried with them to Berlin the assurance that they correctly represented the sentiments of the entire nation. In the Congress itself these Pleni potentiaries steadily maintained their position, and by their personal character upheld the dignity and influence of their country. The respect which they inspired and the weight of their counsels, while gratifying to French self-esteem, proved the correct ness of the views for which they con tended. It ia something new for France to take part in a council of nations without exciting apprehension. To be the dictator and dread of Europe was the .role which it at one time affected, and its present pacific aspect is an evidence and an omen of good. Prince Bismarck's amiability and complaisance towards his French visitors was the subject of special remark, and praises of the repre sentatives of the Republic were on, every lip. Thus, as represented at the Congress, the France of to-day presented a novel and intensely interesting aspect. No longer eaten up by military ambition, inflated by vanity, or possessed by a con tagious spirit of disquiet, causing her to be an element of disturbance or an object of suspicion, she stands on entirely different and more lofty ground. Earnestly pursuing the path of progress by cul tivating the arts of peace and good government, and honestly desiring European pacification, she has brought her regained strength and restored in fluence to bear with peculiar effect on the welfare of the -world. In doing this there has been no sacrifice of honour or suirender of principle. Friendly rela tions have been maintained with all parties. The prudent reserve which lad her to decline to express an opinion on the San Stefano Treaty prior to the Congress had its reward in the added weight given to that opinion when delivered at the proper time. By insisting upon the principle that the discussion of the Treaty was the work of a Congress the French Minister wa3 enabled to pro serve an impartial position and to promote the objects with which the nation was most concerned. Thesewere the neutrality of France, and the restoration of peace upon something like a European basis. It is matter for congratulation both in the interests of Franco and of Europe that the Congress did not take place a year ago when the men of tha 16th of May were in power. Indeed it is doubtful if any such Congress could hava been held while the nation which has done so much to preserve the European equilibrium was agitated by internal dis sensions and its policy dictated by an unscrupulous minority. It is certain that no such pacific sentiments would then have prevailed or any such European concert have been ensured. In all pro bability the area of conflict would have been widened, with the result of further crippling the national energies and adding to the people's burdens. The political renovation of France has happily obviated this danger, and thus become a clear gain to Europe. While it has secured national peace and prosperity, it has also paved the way for general respect and sympathy, and the renewed vitality of the nation has enabled it to take a position in arranging the destinies of Europe every way worthy of its old renown. Executive Council.— His Excellency the Governor, held a meeting of the Executive Council at Government House on Tuesday morning. Thb Levee and Dhawmo Room. — A. full dress Levee was held by His Excellency the Governor at noon on Wednesday, which was probably more largely attended than any that has hitherto been held in the colony. The only address which was presented was one from the Corporation cf Glenelg. At lady Jervois's DrawiDg Boom in the afternoon an even greater number of presentations of both ladie* and gentlemen were made. Full particulars appear elsewhere. Death of Mr. Thomas Crozier.— Our Went- worth correspondent, under date August 26, furnishes us with the following sad piece of intelligence: — "It was currently reported on Saturday night, and since then it has, I believe, been authenticated, that Mr. Thomas Crozier, son of the Hon. John Crozier, of Oaklands, suddenly fell down in Mr. Pile's woolshed, at Cuthro, on the Darling, and expired shortly afterwards. It is thought that disease of the heart was the cause of death. There is much sorrow felt here, as the young gentleman was well known in Wentworth and its surroundings, and was a great favourite with every one." Outsidb Habboub at Marixo. — 'We have been asked to mention that the meeting at Brighton in reference to the proposal to con struct an outside harbour at Marino has been postponed from to-sight till to-morrow evaning. Political Ecokojit.— On Tueslay evening the 27th inst., the first of a series of three lectures on political economy was delivered by Mr. Smythe, B.A. C.E , of the Norwood Model School, in connection with the Norwood Baptist Church Young Men's Society. The attendance was fair and the lecture, which was highly interesting and instructive, was well appreciated. Thb Ba.ulkxa.va. Kailwat.— A deputation of residents in the Hundred of Dalkey, through which the Hamley Bridge and Balaklava Kail way passes, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on Wednesday to ask that a deviation of the line might be made so as to change the station site to a more convenient place. The Commissioner pointed out that the site selected had been decided on at the request of the resi dents, who had memorialized the Government on the subject. Considering that their then expressed wish had been satisfied, and that they had succeeded in obtaining an extra station on the lice, he thought they ought not complain. Messrs. Bright and Bosworth, MJP.'s accom panied the deputation. . TekatheEotal.— Theburlesque of ' Iranhoe' was repeated on Wednesday evening to a very fair house, who seemed to be. much pleased with the entertainment set before them. The play went better than on the preceding evening, though eome of the dramatis persona were not yet quite perfect in their puts. The hand some dresses, agreeable singing, and vivacious acting of Misses Howarde, Fischer, Knight, and Graham, and the comicalities of Messrs. Owen and Martin kept the audience thoroughly amused, and encores were numerous and unani mous. The burlesque will be repeated this evening. ?White's Boomi . — Kainford's Ghost enter tainment was again well patronised on Wednes day evening, and greatly enjoyed by the audience. To-night there will be . an entire change of programme, when Miss Amy Horton will take her benefit. This lady has contributed much to the success of the entertainment by her clever singing and dancing, and it is ex pected that she will have a bumper house on the occasion. Thb Goodwood Park Association. — At a meeting of the Goodwood Park Association, held on Monday evening, August 26, a resolution, which has appeared in our columns, was carried conveying the thanks of the Association to Mr. W. H. Bundey for the satisfactory manner in which he had brought about a settlement of the difficulties that existed between the members and the National Building Society. The reso lution was forwarded to Mr. Bundey on August 27, by Messrs. H. Leak and O. H. Fulton, re spectively Chairman and Secretary, on beh*lf of the Association, and he replied' in the fol lowing terras : — 'Dear Sirs — I beg to acknow ledge receipt of a copy of the very flattering resolution carried last evening at a meeting of the members of your Association. It would be simple affectation if I refrained from saying that this spontaneous and unexpected expression of your approval and confidence gratified me very much indeed. Had legal proceedings been instituted against the Directors of the National Building Society yon must have been success ful, but it seemed to me they were in an em barrassing position in consequence of the absence of their Secretary, and for this reason some consideration was due to them. The Society ought to be much obliged to your members for abstaining under the circumstances from harassing them and putting thei- funds to very serious loss. However, 'all's well that ends well ;' and whilst again thanking allow me to congratulate your members on the satisfactory compliance to their just demands.' Thb Lutheran Chtech at Mount Gaubibr. —We understand (says the S.E. Star) that the Rev. Mr. Matocbass, from the German congrega tion in Lyons (France), has been appointed to the charge of the Lutheran Church, Mount Gambier, vacant by the death of the Rev. Mr. Kappla about 15 months ago. Mr. Matochass has arrived in Adelaiie, and will be ordained od September 8. As so;n after that as accommo dation can be provide! for him he will come to the Mount. HaPPT TAIX8T CoXOREQATIOItAt. CHTOCH. — We understand that the Eev. J. Barber, after four years' residence at Happy Valley as pastor of the Congregational Church there, has resigned his charge with the intention of settling in Victoria. Whet TobsbK3 Csicxbt Club.— A meeting of the members of this Club will be held this evening at Thebarton. Thb Couxcn. or Education.— We learn that he resignation of Mr. Salom as a member of he Council of Education was sent in to tho iinister on Tuesday evening, so that the only ion-official members remaining are Messrs. Slyde and Oonigrave. It U stated that the eason why Dr. Campbell and Messrs. Barlow, vou rreuer, and Salom have resigned their seats is that the Minister at an interview with the mem bers on Monday gave them distinctly to under stand that he was committed beyond recall to bis decision » the case of the Hindmarsh ijchool contract. Admitting this.it still remaiiu unexplained why at tins mwtiug on Monday tho Council nnauimously decided to enter a protoat ?gainst the Ministerial action, not bv resigning -such a thing does cot appear to' imcbceS publicly mentioned— but by forwarding au elaborate and plainly- worded miuute to tlia Minister. Thb Eabott Qmsnos.— A largely attended meeting was held at Uallett ou August 2(3 to considcrtheidvisability of levying a shilling rate iu the district to be expended in the destruction of rabbita. Mr. Brayley presided. Tho first resolution — 'That a rabbit rate be adopted' — was moved by Mr. Harry, and seconded by Mr. Price. Mr. Schnltz opposed it on the ground that the Council was already iu debt, but would agree to a sixpenny rate to clear tho Council of debt. lit) tbonght it was no use having a rate while tho settlem in the adjuiniug Hundred of Anuo wero not killing thu rabbits on their aide. Mr. Waters stated that as the people on the western side of the district bad got their part cleared they did not want a rate, but tho other side was es much infested as ever. Ho would support ;he rate because be thought the rabbits would become a great deal worse unless it waa adopted. The motion was carri«-d. Mr. Dunstan, iu moving 'That a shilliKg rate be adopted,' said be did not believe the compulsory Bill would pass the Legislative Council, and even if -t did it would be of no use that season. The Govern ment destroying party had done no good, as they had killed no rabbita. Mr. Windsor moved, as an amendment — u That a sixpenny rate be made.' Mr. Gall seconded. A further amendment— ' That the rabbits be left alone altogether, and that a rate of one panny be -made to get the Council out of debt' — wasmored by Mr. Harvey, but this was not seconded. It was argued in support of the motion that the greater part of tf sixpenny rate would be required to clear tL f Council's debt, so that thatainount was uot suffi cient, and that if the rabbits were not kept under there would be no chance of any harrest. It was stated by those who opposed the rate that it would be a useless expenditure of money, and that, the Council had paid for scalps of animals which had never been killed in the dis tiict. Mr. Windsor's amendment having been lost by a large majority, and the motion declared carried, that gentleman demanded a poll of the district on the subject, but the demand was dis allowed. Mr. Windsor then moved—' That only 5s. per 100 scalps be paid, and not only the scalp but the skin of the back be brought in.' It was suggested that this matter should be left to the discretion of the Council, and as the motion was not seconded it fell through. The Chairman, in answer to a question, said the Government had promised to commence the destruction of the vermin aa soon as the Bill had passed. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the pro ceedings. SotTHKRX Yobkb's Pk.vinbcla Stramship CoMrAHT. — A public meeting, convened by tho promoters of the Southern Yorke's Peninsula Steamship Company, was held at Diamond Lake, about sis miles from Yorketown, ou Saturday, August 24. Mr. J. Gottschalk, J.P., who acted as Chairman, stated that the object of the meeting was to take action relative to the formation of a Company to purchase a steamer to trade between Adelaide and Southern Yorke's Peninsula. After a number of questions had been replied to regarding the probability of the success of the undertaking, it was resolved that the Company should be formed with a capital of £8,000. Messrs. J. Cold well, jun., O. A. Heinrich, and T. Corlett were then appointed Promoters for that part of the district, it being stated that the Promoters were to act as a Com mittee in lieu of Directors. It was also decided that the Promoters should be empowered to purchase a suitable vessel when 800 shares had been taken up. Opbnino of Tblbobafh Station at Mas bA'rft. — An occasional correspondent writing from Marrabel on August 27 sends us .the following:—' Our new Telegraph Station and Post-Office was opened to-day by Mr. Squire, the Assistant Superintendent and Deputy Post master. It was quite an event in the life of the township, and there was a good deal of local interest shown in the matter. An arch of flags was stretched across the road in front of the new office, and banners streamed from Harrison's Mill and the totel. Our late worthy Post master, Mr. G. Ferrier, who haa ably performed the duties for nearly 15 yean, took an active part in the demonstration, and with others of the leading residents met Mr. Squire. Con gratulatory messages were Bent to and replica received from His Excellency the Governor, the Postmaster-Genera), and the Minister of Education. Messages were also sent to Messrs. White, Coles, and Nock, late members for the district, who interested themselves in obtaining telegraphic communication for Marrabel; but up to the closing of the office on Tuesday night no replies had been received, the gentlemen in all probability being from home. Tlie children of the public school were inarched down to the Telegraph Station by their teacher, and three, cheers were given for the Queen, the Governor, the Postmaster-General, the Superintendent of Telegraphs, and the late worthy Postmaster of Marrabel. Several gentlemen afterwards met Mr. Squire at Host Player's, where the usual congratulatory and complimentary speeches passed, thus terminating this red-letter day iu Marrabel's history. It is to be hoped we shall find our new Postmistress as efficient and obliging as our late Postmaster.' Motjjrr Gakbixs Water Suppi,t. — There now seems (remarks the S.E. Star) to be a prospect of the long-talked- of water snpply for this town becoming an accomplished fact. The Hydraulic Engineer, Mr. Oswald Brown, in company with Mr. Eogew, O.E., haa viewed tho Valley Lake, and is satisfied that there will be no difficulty in the way of constructing a reservoir. The site chosen for the waterworks is immediately behind the Hospital, where the reservoir will be built, and Jinto it force- pumps will convey the water from the Valley Lake. The soaudings taken show a depth of 60 feet of water at tne spot where it is proposed to fix the pumping gear. Mr. Brown estimates that there will ba a pressure of 80 lbs. to the squarejinch in tho pipe* reticulating the town, and this will be sufficient to throw a jet of water over the top of the Presbyterian Church steeple. It is to be hopel that the Government will take steps to com mence operations at once, so that the inhabi tants of this town may have the advauUge of the water supply during the approaching summer. Sodth Australia* Rams.— A draft of 20 rams from the stud flock of Mr. E. W. Pitts, of The Levels, South Australia, is now (states the Argut of August 2fl) on view at Mr. W. B. Jones'a store, Bandridge-road. These rams have been brought over by Mr. Pitts as a sample of his stud sheep, which have achieved a high reputation throughout the Australian Colonies for producing a heavy fleece of valuable wool, and for their great size acd symmetry. These rams will take the fancy of those who ewe more fer useful money-making animals than for the more beautiful but less profitable fine-quality Merinoes. They are all two-tooths, and exhibit all the qualities for which Mr. Pitta's sheep are noted. They are mostly by the celebrated sires Hurtle 2nd and 3rd and Charles 3rd. According to the* circular, Hurtle 2nd cut as a two-tooth 17i lbs. of wool, and as a four tooth he cut a neece weighing 18 lbs. Hurtle 3rd cut 15J lbs. of wool as a two- tooth, and 19 lbs. of wool as a four tooth. Charle* 3rd is a great prize- taker. Him fleece as a two-tooth weighed 161 II*., and took first prize in Sydney in April, 1874. Aa a four-tooth he cat 21 lbs. of wool, as a six-tooth 101 lbs^ and a* an eight tooth 20£ lbs. Last year he cut 20 lbs. of wool, making an average annual yield for the last five years of 19 2-5 lbs. of wool. These sheep are bred from Mr. O. B. Fisher's celebrated stud flock. Thf y are distinct in character and true to type. A telegram in Tuesday's issue notifies the fact that these sheep had fetched the magnificent price of £1,681 Is. ExTEBTAnaiEHT at Glehem. — An entertain ment will take place this evening at tho Glenelg Institute in connection with the Glenelg Grammar School Cricket and Football Clubs. INVESTMENT OF VlCTOHIAM CAPITAL IK SOUTH AtrsTHAxiA.— A financial agent from South Australia, who has just spent a few day« in Ballarat, informs the Star that over £200,000 of Victorian capital has been absorbed in invest ments in Lis colony daring the past 10 weeks, and as much more ia now awaiting the usual formalities to be completed*, when that too will become part and parcel of the wealth of the sitter colony. re 