PUBLIC MEETING. (from our own reporter.) After the tea a public meeting was held in the church, at which there was a good attend- ance. The Rev. John Gibson, who will be the pastor of the church, presided. The following Presbyterian clergymen were provided with seats near him :-The Rev. Dr. Steel, of Sydney ; Rev. Dr. Boag, of Hinton ; and Rev. James Benvic, of West Maitland. The meeting was opened as usual at such gatherings, with praise and prayer. The choir then sang, " Tell the old, old story " The Rev. JOHN GIBSON addressing the meet- ing said that sanctuary had been erected, like others had been erected, in which to hear the good old, old story of salvation. Some of them had heard it there last night. Who could hear it without his heart exulting. They heard that man was not only to be connected with that world, but that he was a noble born crea- ture, destined for cycles of glorious existence hereafter. They would hear there the outpour- ings of the revealed will. That there were different religions would convince them that some of them must be true, and if Christianity was not true, all the others were false. God grant that it might never happen that they would live as ungodly men. They were in the building perhaps a week or two too soon ; but at the same time he thought they were some months too late. It was well to be prompt and earnest. They were there that night determined to be earnest. A minister had no right in the pulpit unless he was earnest ; the Christian should be earnest ; the teacher should be earnest ; the business man should be earnest in business, and at the same time fervent in spirit, serving the Lord. The contractors had not quite finished with the building ; the windows had yet to come out, and to be replaced with new ones ; the pews were to be varnished, and everything made as comfortable and respectable as the house of God should be. Everything connected with their cottages should be neat, but at the same time the house of God should not be neglected. It was their intention to plant trees around the building to make it attractive. God had planted the trees on the everlasting hills, and they should endeavour to make His house as pleasant as possible. After referring to the ministers who had preceded him, he said he had done his best, and asked them to rally round him, and help him to do more. He had married a couple that morning (applause), and he wished them all the happiness that could be enjoyed. They should form a sort of matrimonial union, in which they would be faithful unto death, and finally attain an ever- lasting crown. He had asked a clergyman of another denomination to be present, but he thought there were enough present without him. Christians should all be united. When- ever the Queen went to Scotland she attended the kirk, and she loved it for its simplicity of worship. The Bishop of Sydney recently said that the Episcopalian and Presbyterian were sister churches. They should, therefore, all meet on a common platform. He had no sym- pathy with the littleness of some clergymen who shut themselves up in their own communion, and would not meet others, where they might learn something that would benefit themselves and their congregation. However, they had Dr. Steel, Mr. Benvic, and Dr. Boag, three of their worthy Presbyters, pre- sent, and they had also a reporter who would make a note of what they said, and give a faith- ful report. When they spoke they spoke the truth, but they spoke it with true Catholicity. Let them begin again and do a great deal- let them make that Zion to be a glory in the dis- trict, and increase its influenoe as the population increased. Paterson had ever progressed, and he trusted that it would continue to do so spiritually, morally, and intellectually, and that the district would rise and go ahead. He was glad to see many at the tea who had been his scholars. When he preached in the court house he was glad to say that many came ; but he was glad to say they were done with the court house : that building was a temple of justice ; but their sanctuary was erected for the worship of God, and was vener- able for its age. He had got the people to pass a resolution to have the building repaired, tenders were called, and that of the Messrs. Stanbridge was accepted, for £130. Two of them became responsible for the amount. He instanced other occasions when he had become responsible for larger amounts, and had not any misgivings of their raising the sum. If the South Sea Islanders feel it their duty to plant a tree for the benefit of posterity, how much more should not they feel it their duty to plant many trees-to erect their sanctuaries in the land, for the benefit of their posterity. He had hoped to have seen Mr. Robert Logan, of Tory- burn, present, but he had received a letter from him saying that as he had been riding all the forenoon he felt too tired ; he trusted they would have a good and successful meeting, and he enclosed his cheque for £10 towards the expense of the repairs-(applause.) The speaker then read out the list of subscriptions he had received towards the church, and the cost of the work altogether. Messrs. Stanbridges' contract was £130, and the other expenditure up to the present had increased the amount to £144 ; when it was finished it would be per- haps £150-that was the amount they had become responsible for. Up to the present he had already paid £108 10s. (Applause) They had still £35 to get. He did not yet know the result of the tea meeting. The col- lections the previous day amounted to £3 18s 3d. They intended to make a collection at the meeting, so that all might subscribe. He re- ferred to the efforts he had read of an attempt made to clear off a debt on the Brooklyn Taber- nacle (Dr. Talmage's), which was in debt £12,000, and of this amount £9000 was at once raised. He instanced the effect of the preaching of Whitfield, compelling an infidel to empty his pockets, and of the earnestness of the natives in the West Indies, and the way they had subscribed to the cause of God. Some people did not like tea meetings. He did. Would it not have been cruel if when they had travelled many miles, as he knew some of them had, to be present, they had found no refreshments provided for them. He felt very grateful to the ladies for providing the tea, and they must move a vote of thanks for them. He had read in a paper of a minister describing tea meetings as only occasions for jollification and flirtation. He felt insulted, and that the cause of God was injured. Whether they eat or whether they drank, what- ever they did, they should do all for the glory of God. They had bodies to be nourished, as well as minds to be improved. He hoped that that would be the commencement of such gather- ings, and that they would have an anniversary gathering every year. The choir then sang : " Whosoever will." The Rev. JAMES BENVIE was very glad to be there that night. He was glad to find them so comfortable, as he had heard a great deal about the Paterson, and the Paterson church, which was not very creditable. He was glad to find that the state of dilapidation had passed away, and that when the contractors had finished they would have a neat looking church. It would be about as respectable and comfortable as any church they would find in the country districts. (Applause ) It was not the building that made the church. They spoke of the build- ing as the church, but they wanted something else, as well as a nice building-they wanted some nice people inside. He was glad they had got a building so comfortable and respectable. He had been sometimes irritated and made in- convenient by Mr. Gibson, when he came to Maitland, through the Paterson, at his grumb- ling and growling about the Paterson church ; now when he came through and passed the church he would be all smiles, and they would be all happy together. Mr. Gibson had done what he could not have done ; he had done what Dr. Boag could not have done ; he was worth the whole four of them together in asking money. He (the speaker) could not have done it. Unless they had got such a man they would not have got out of their difficulties. They were very helpless till he came and lifted them out of the gutter. The work of getting money was a self-sacrificing and disagreeable work. If he had to ask for money he was sure he would never get it. Some short time ago in Maitland they had a difficulty of some £1300 or £1400 ; he could not have got it. Some friends had asked for it, and they had obtained nearly the whole of. It was not everyone who had good people to ask it for them. He did not be- lieve they in the Paterson could have raised the money, but they would have stuck in the mud had it not been for Mr. Gibson. They required about £40 to finish the work. There was an old Scotch proverb, not a very refined one, which was said when any people did a great work and left a little undone,-" What was the use of swallowing the cow, and leaving the tail." They had swallowed the cow, and they should not leave the tail sticking out wriggling about (laughter) £30 or £40 was still wanted to complete the amount. Mr. Gibson had been through the country. He noticed that he had received subscriptions from Sydney ; he had pounced on people in Newcastle, and had dropped on a good many in Maitland. He knew when Mr. Gibson was in Maitland a few weeks ago many people were anxious not to meet him, and if they saw him at distance they would be inclined to cross over to the other side (laughter). As Mr. Gibson had done so much for the church in that place, he trusted they would support him, back him up, and not let him go begging about the country for poor Paterson. He did not think they were so poor, looking at the numbers there. Some people said that the truth was more plain than pleasant. He did not say that it was so in their case, but he wished to say a few words to them about State aid. In Paterson they have had a great deal of State aid. They were like a little baby nursed and dangled in the lap of the State. They had got it into their head that the State would do everything for them. From the foundation of the church till a few years ago they had had State-aid. He was not speaking against State aid, he rather thought if he could he would avail himself of it- he did not think he would repudiate it ; but he wished to impress upon them that there would be no more chance of their having any more assistance from the State for the support of the Gospel ; it was all done away with-they would never get one penny more. He was not saying anything against State-aid, but only telling them their present circumstances, to try and get them into the condition of thinking that it was not only their duty but their high privilege of supporting the Gospel. That to make His house comfortable and respectable they should consider it an honor which God lays upon them. They should con- sider it a privilege to set aside a portion of their means to serve Him-- whether it was for the support of the Minister, or for the erec- tion of the church or the minister's house, or for any cause of religion. Many people think they are extremely poor till they begin to give. They would find the man with an open purse-who was liberal-a happy man. The principle of giving liberally was always followed by a holier and happier enjoyment of the world's benefits. He hoped that that would be the beginning of days for them-that there would be something like a revival. They have a zealous and anxious man as their leader ; let them come round him, and uphold his arms by their prayers, their good will, and their attendance at the House of God. How did it come to pass that whether it was wet or dry, a blazing sun or a cool day, whether he had to travel far or near, the minister was always to be found in the house of God, while the people were not. He thought that it was too much a feeling that it was only a matter of convenience with them. He supposed that they would argue that the Minister ought to go. He did not think that he should go any more than they should. When he came and found the seats empty, perhaps not a dozen present, he was disheartened. He did not think that this was even common civility to the Gospel. Presuming that they would say that they had thin shoes, and could not go in wet weather, as they would catch cold, or that their good coat or hat, bonnet, or fine rib- bons would get spoilt : he said what right had they to wear those things-they should go in clothes suitable to the day. It was not their duty to wear fine bonnets or ribbons, but it was their duty to come to the house of God. He was very glad he had come and had tea with them, and he hoped it would not be the last time they would meet together. (Applause ) Choir : " Whiter than snow." The Rev. Dr. STEEL was very happy to be present on that happy and hopeful occasion. He rejoiced that Mr. Gibson had the courage to alter the state of things that prevailed, and that he had received encouragement in his good efforts. He was very happy to find that Chris- tians of other denominations were present, and he wished to see Christians united. It was a good sign for the Paterson that the Christians of other denominations united in such a work as that. It showed that they wished that all denominations should have a building in which they could worship. After referring to the con- spicuous position of the church on the main highway, and that it should not be defective for that reason, he pointed out that the renovation of the church should bring them to see the need of being renovated themselves. If they wanted this done they must work -- they must not merely let the wish be spoken. He would leave all reference to their proceedings that night, and speak to them of the book read in the church. On Friday night he intended to speak of that book-the English Bible, but on account of the weather he did not. He would endeavour to show them the history of the Bible, but would not say as much as he would have done on Friday night. The history of the English Bible was divided into two epochs-the first was when it was in manu- script, and the second in its present form. In the early ages books were written with a pen ; indeed, the first book may be said to have been a stone. The first, as far as writing was con- cerned, was on papyrus, and then on sheep or ram skins dyed red. The oldest Hebrew Bible they have was written on ram skins dyed red. Perhaps Christianity did not come very early to England, or if it did, it was driven to the fastnesses of Wales by the Saxons, for they must remember that the Saxons were heathens as well as the Britons. About 1000 years ago there was a venerable man in England who knew Greek, Latin, poetry, music, and divinity. Though he was so learned ho was occupied in teaching the youth, and never rose to be anything higher than a monk, though some of those who received his teaching became mitred abbots. He translated the Gos- pel of St. John into the Anglo Saxon dialect. He was near the end of his days, and said to the youth who was writing it, "Make haste, for the time is passing " The Venerable Bede was taken to bed before it was finished, and when it was nearly finished asked the youth to help him up, as he would like to look upon the labours he had done. He was assisted up, and in that position he read out the translation of the last few verses. The young man said it was finished. " Glory to the Father, to the Son, and Holy Ghost, shall be now and for ever," said the Venerable Bede, and the staff of life went out. He was the author of about forty books, and he also wrote the first history of the Anglo-Saxon Church. After the Venerable Bede came King Alfred the Great, who was a friend to the truth and to the Bible. He had copies of the Ten Commandments attached to his laws. He was not able to perform as much as he wished, but he translated some of the Psalms. Then came the Norman conquest, and the people were occupied in war-they had not then learnt, as people knew now, that the pen was mightier than the sword. But after a time there was comparative peace. The fourteenth century with all its changes had arrived, chang- ing the manners of the people. John Wycliffe arose. Having taken the side of the Crown against the Pope, he found a patron in the Duke of Lancaster. Though summoned before the Bishop of London, he was accompanied by John of Gaunt and the Earl Marshal. He was re- fused permission to sit, but John of Gaunt said that he should sit. Wycliffe stood up before the Council and made the noble statement, which has rung throughout the whole world " Great is the truth and it shall prevail." It was a statement that it would do well for them to cherish. Wycliffe translated the Bible from the Vulgate into the English of to-day. He finished it near the close of his life. TOuô* died in the parish of Lutterworth in 1384 ; but so great was the rage against him, that some of his opponents dug up his bones, made a bonfire of them, and scattered the ashes into a little brook that ran into the Avon ; the Avon carried them into the Severn, the Severn carried them into the English Channel, and the English Channel carried them into the broad ocean : which brought forth the remark from honest Fuller, that the ashes of Wycliffe were symbols of his works, they had been spread over the whole world. In those days the copies of the Scriptures were multiplied in this way : one monk read out the words, while another wrote them down. It was a very laborious work ; but it was one of those good works which tended to preserve the Scriptures, and to trans- mit them to future generations. Lord Cobham was very anxious to spread the Word of God, and employed a number of persons in the work. The copies were very scarce in those days ; a farmer would give a load of hay for a few pages. The people met at night to read them. A dia- gram was shown of such a meeting at St. Giles, in the fields, in the time of Henry the Fifth, when a number of soldiers came and disturbed them. Sixty of them were imprisoned ; some of whom went to heaven in clouds of fire. Then came the age of the printing press-that grand development of modern power whose representatives were now everywhere and presses were now established in every im- portant town in New South Wales. The first book printed was the Bible. When printing was first introduced into England by William Caxton, about 400 years ago, it was felt to be desirable to have the Scriptures printed. The language had changed-a new edition of the Greek testament by Erasmus had appeared. William Tyndale got a copy of it, and after a while he became tutor to a gentleman's sons. He used to argue with the friars, who wondered how he became possessed of such knowledge of the Scriptures ; and in reply to them he said " He would soon make every ploughboy in England as well acquainted with them as was his Holiness himself." That part of the country became too warm for him, and he had to leave. One day when he was getting copies printed, spies who were sent after him found him out. It has been said if ever you want a man to tell a secret give him a glass. This was what the spies did to one of Tyndale'a workmen, and he let out the secret Tyndale and his press had to go elsewhere. He was having two copies printed, one in quarto and one in octavo, and the man who divulged the secret was working on the quarto one. A gentleman in London proposed that they should buy up all the copies and burn them. While this was being done the octavo copier began to get about. A curate in London got a number of these, and took them to the Univer- sity. With reference to universities, they would remember of Dr. Chalmers, when he left his Church in Glasgow to take the position of a professor in a university, one of his congre- gation told him that he did not think he was doing right, in leaving the teaching of a large number of people to instruct a few. The doctor asked him who was the most useful, the man who used salt to salt a pig, or the man who made the salt that salted many pigs. The man replied, the man that made the salt to salt many pigs : and the doctor said he was going to make the salt. The man then replied the sooner he got into the salt pans the better. This London curate took the copies he obtained to the Uni- versity of Oxford, and endeavoured to place them in the hands of the young men studying there. One young man obtained one, and took up a few of the boards of the floor of his room, and planted it there. It became known that these books were in circulation, and the officers of justice were sent to search for them. One of them noticed that the floor had been disturbed in this young man's room, and the book was discovered underneath. He had told them that great efforts were made to have a bonfire of them. This diagram [pointed out] represents a scene at St. Paul's Cross. Cardinal Wolsey is seated, and the Bishop of Rochester preached a sermon on the danger of having the Bible. He said if the people were allowed to read it in the Hebrew they might become Jews ; if they read it in the Greek they might become heretics ; and if they were allowed to read it in the mother tongue they might fall into error. This was not the first time that attempts had been made to destroy the word of God. They would re- member in the history of Jeremiah that Baruch the scribe wrote from the month of Jeremiah the word of the Lord, and he read it to the people : when the nobles of the people heard it they thought the King should hear it too. When the King of Judah heard it he thought it best to cut it in pieces, and he put it on the fire, which was burning on the floor of the winter house. But that did not destroy it. Baruch the scribe wrote down another copy of the word of the Lord, which remained to them now in the book bearing the prophet's name. Attempts had been made to destroy it by burning in Spain, -that country which was noted for the manner in which they fought to rid their country of the Moors, and for the commissioning of Columbus in his voyage of discovery to find now worlds. There were a great many Jews in Spain, and they were in the habit of reading the Hebrew Scriptures. It was said that every family had a copy, and every child was able to read. All the copies that could be gathered together were got, and a bonfire was made of them in the town of Seville. They thought to destroy them in that way, but in vain. In the time of Wycliffe it was amazing the interest taken in the reading of the Word of God. All could not read, so a young man went into a cottage to read the Bible, and the women brought their wheels together to this cottage, and worked while the young man read ; the men who would be lying in bed, as it was at night, and they would have nothing to do, listening, and becoming interested in the " old, old story." That was the way in which the Word of God got circulated after the time of Wycliffe. By and bye, as the art of printing progressed, books got cheaper, and the whole Bible could be obtained for tenpence. Twenty- five years ago an effort was made in Manchester to distribute the Scriptures among the factory people. It was thought that the best plan would be to offer them on the pay-night. The Sunday school scholars had baskets of the Bibles, and sold them to the people as they were coming home from the fac- tory with their wages. One school sold 12,000, and another 10,000 ; while as many as 80,000 were distributed by this simultaneous effort throughout Lancashire. The scene he had shown them of St. Giles in the fields was now built over ; the streets were so narrow, and there were no back yards, so that the people dried their clothes across the streets. There were an immense number if people collected in these houses, and an attempt was made to improve the people in them. A number of groups were organised to go through the houses, and to make them better. Women were the best for this purpose, as they know the value and the use of soap. A great many people in this colony did not appear to know the value and the use of soap. If they had seen that building a few days ago they would not have thought it fit to come into; the change had been effected with soap and water. Another thing those women knew was how to make soup out of a few bones with a little meat and fat on them ; they also showed the wives how to brush up the fire irons. Then when John and James came home they remained, instead of going to the public houses. There was another thing, they wanted these homes to be illuminated by the Word of God ; and pointed out that by subscribing a little they could get it. Another thing, those women missionaries wished them to make warm clothing for their families for the winter ; they got them to sew together, and while they sewed the women read the Bible to them. It was a great thing that they should meet to hear the Word of God. What was the use of their church if it was not used for the purpose of assembling in for wor- ship, and to hear the scriptures read. They should therefore take care to go to church. There was nothing which had more influence on a preacher than well filled pews, if he had any- thing to say to say it well-when they saw a number of people listening attentively. If they wanted their preacher to preach well they should give him their attention. The celebra- ted poet Poe once announced that he would preach to the corn. A number of gentlemen accompanied him to hear what he could have to say to the corn. What he said was, " Gentle men, give us your ears, and we shall never want bread." They should give their clergy men their ears, and they would never want bread for, their souls. If they gave their inter- est, a man would be stirred up to do his best. When they remembered that this book was weekly being preached from 100,000 pulpits, was being weekly taught by a million teachers, and being read in 200 tongues, they must think that the day of God's kingdom is breaking. Let them hasten that glorious time, and by the light of that glorious oracle reach forward to that everlasting home to which it points (Applause.) The speaker illustrated his remarks by a number of diagrams allowing the rolls of manu- scripts, papyrus, the pens used in writing on them, and also the various scenes he described in his speech. Choir : " Oh how I love Jesus " A collec- tion was made after the hymn. The Rev. Dr. BOAG said no one was more pleased than he was at the happy state of things. He congratulated them on the restoration of their church. Thirty-five years ago he had preached from that pulpit, and he thought it looked better now than then. At that time it was pleasing to see the co-operation of all bodies of Christians. He remembered that he preached there and at Lewinsbrook once a fortnight, and all came to hear him. He had always held up the Paterson as a model mixed community. He had been asked to preach there occasionally lately, but he could not come often, and he al- ways held that Paterson should belong to Dun- gog, of which the Rev. Mr. Gibson was the pastor, and it would not do for him to poach on his ground ; he had also to leave the same night after preaching, so that he could not come very often. When the tumbledown took place he applied for the use of the court house, and they got it. He was glad that through the ability and perseverance of Mr. Gibson they had no more need of it. His activity seems never to wear out, and he was happy to say they had the right man in the right place. He rejoiced that all along there had been a flourishing Sabbath school, which had been carried on by the unwearied labours of some young ladies. He hoped there would be the same friendly co-operation among all denomi- nations of Christians as there was in the Pater- son thirty-five years ago, when he used to preach to crowded congregations- larger than there were present that evening. He had expected to have seen more there that evening. At Hinton, on an occasion of that sort, they would have double the number present. Next time they had a meeting of this sort he hoped to see a crowded meeting. Christians should co-operate, should be one. As long as they had liberty of opinion-as long as they had the liberty of judging for themselves- -there would be differ- ences of opinion ; but that ought not to prevent them from co-operating. He would compare the different denominations to a number of ships on the ocean. They might be of different sizes, differently manned, and of different rigg- ing ; but they were all under the one com- mander-the Captain of their Salvation. He thought they should take lessons from their friends, of whatever denomination, if they could do so to their advantage. He thought their success had been beyond their expectations. He knew Mr. Gibson when in Newcastle, and that he was self sacrificing in carrying out the interests of the church. In the next place at which he was stationed all that was said of him was to his credit, and at Dungog and there he had done a great things. He had heard that the work was being well done, and he said that it was just what he ex- pected. He (Mr. Gibson) had carried out a great work ; they should stand by him, and he would, the speaker had no doubt, carry on the good work he had just begun. He felt his old heart cheered at what had been done. He found that age did not always put a stop to their labours. The ladies seemed to have their heart in the work ; they were not drawn to it merely for the purpose of pleasing the public. The tea and the eatables did them great credit, so much so that they deserved their highest gratitude and heartiest thanks for presiding at the tables, and providing the good things they had so plentifully. He had listened to the choir with great pleasure and considering they had been gathered one here and one there, and had not had time to practice together, they had done admirably. In concluding, he prayed that God might bless Mr. Gibson in his labours, and that he might be rewarded by bringing many souls to his Master. (Applause ) The Rev. J. BENVIC seconded the vote of thanks to the ladies for providing and presiding at the tea, and to the choir for their assistance. He recommended that if the whole of the amount was not raised that night, the ladies might be asked to take the matter up, and he was sure there would be no difficulty. The Chairman, in putting the motion, in- cluded in it the ministers who had attended. The motion was carried with acclamation. The choir then sang-" Oh think of the home over there." Mr. C. BOAG proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman ; which was also carried with acclama- tion, and duly responded to. The audience sang the doxology, and the meet- ing was closed by the chairman pronouncing the benediction. 