MUSIC AND DRAMA. — — — — ^M-— — — Therb sorely never was an actor so highly gifted as Mr. Creswick. - 'Whatever he does is euperexcellent, according to the newspaper eulogies. Is it tragedy? he is perfec tion. Is it comedy? he is admirable. Has he to play a young character? he is life-like; an elderly man? he is nature itself. Has he to be crave ? he is profoundly impressive. Has be to be gay ? he is brilliantly witty. Few actors have received such unqualified praise in the whole course of their career as has been accorded to Sir. Creewick during his Australian visit. And, on the ?whole, 'without launching into superlatives, he in the main deserves the encomiums that have been showered on him. lie belongs to a good old London school of actors now fast passing away ; and if it be thought that the praise has been somewhat highflown, it must be remembered how few are the opportunities we have in the colonies of seeing really finished acting. There is an abundance of good professional people, of promising artists, and occasionally we have names known in the leading London dramatic circles ; but comparatively speaking our visits from the great ones in the profession nave been few and far between. Therefore we are not much to be blamed if we praise them as much as we can. The comedy of ' Much Ado about Nothing,' which -was produced at the Victoria Theatre on Wednesday night, is rarely given in full. Poor Hero and her troubles are sacrificed to the contests of nit between Iknedick and Beatrice; and, as usual with Shakspeare's comedies, the whole of the text is not given. The gentle irony and quaint wit which render 'Much Ado about Nothing' so very peculiar as a comedy are perhaps in these days specialties of dramatic writing which require much study before they can be under stood, and hence the piece is not very popular with a mixed audience. In the character of Bene dick, Mr. Creswick has a part of no small difficulty to assume, espezially as he is no longer a young man. Wit, nobility, youth, and courage are the characteristics of Benedick ; and, flippant as the dialogue is in many places, it is very easy to drift into, if not exactly buffoonery, at least into badinage, which would destroy the concep tion of the character altogether. Mr. Creswick, alive to this, plays the graceful courtier in the person of Benedick, and bb a gay cavalier ?Who, having the most overweening confidence in the invulnerability of bis affections, treats Beatrice as a mere plaything with which to exercise his wit, and not by any means as a man at all likely to endanger his peace of mind. It is not, of course, until things have gono too far between them that he finds himself in love with her and yields to his fate, as may be very reasonably imagined. Most of the scenes between the two may be said to exhibit the flirt on the one hand and the coquette on the other, and yet the passion, as etroDg in one as the other, is attempted to be carefully concealed. Some very fine by-play is the result, and the specialty of this charming comedy was admirably brought out. Perhaps the best scene, as far as Mr. Creswick is concerned, was the one where Beatrice, believing that Hero's death was hastened by the publication of slander against her by Claudio, Bene dick's dearest friend, has induced her lover to challenge him. The interview between Claudio and Benedick was exceedingly good, especially the cool and supercilious manner in which he meets the jibes and jeers of Claudio and Pedro, and lets them know that, as Claudio puts it, he is ' in most profound earnest' with reference to thiB same challenge. Mr. Creswick's Benedick has been repeatedly referred to in dramatic circles as one of especial ex cellence from the subtle manner in which he treats the character. M iss Ash ton could not have selected a character to which she could do more ample justice than that of Beatrice. Her per sonal attractions and her piquancy, which arc natural, are helped by tie thorough earnestness she displays in every role she assumes. The only point in which she' can be said to fail as a first-class actress is where she has either very strong emotional passages to render or violent declamation. In the drama under notice she has not her physical powers severely taxed, and the result is an excellent representation of the character of Beatrice. Next to Benedick the character ?f Dogberry is generally considered the leading one, and indeed Mr. Creswick alternated it with Benedick. Mr. Bland Holt is a very fair exponent of the part. Mr. Jones was an excellent Leonato, and the rest of the characters made the best of their parts; but there is very little in any of them to exhibit any dramatic power — the main object is to speak the lines correctly. It only re mains to add that the comedy was as a whole well put on the stage. At the Theatre Royal the sensational drama still reigns. Mr. and Mrs. George Darreil have prolonged their stay for another week, and nave produced Mr. Darreil' s dramatic version of the ' Trail of the Serpent.' Miss Braddon's novel is one of her early efforts, and certainly not one of her best. The drama selects some of the most salient features, and out of them makes a sensational business of a very pronounced type. It contains of course 'a moral,'- which is of the usual kind ; but whether it is worth while wading through so much that is commonplace to get at so little is a matter on which opinions may differ. At any rate, the play only ran for three nights, and on Wednesday the other drama which had some degree of popularity when performed during the Darrells' last visit, ' Man and Wife,' wa6 placed on the stage. If any one has had sufficient of the Shakspearian and classical drama, and has no fancy for sensationalism, we, again, can recommend them to see 'Our Boys,' at the Queen's Theatre. Large audiences every night testify to the popularity of Byron's sparkling society drama. It is sow yery nicely and evenly played, and, so far as we can see, will maintain its place on the boards of this theatre for come time yet. Mrs Scott-Siddons has certainly ' struck ile ' in this production, and she fairly deserves her suc cess. There is nothing eke of importance to notice thiB week. Musical circles are very quiet and the societies are supposed to be hard at work preparing for their next concerts. At the Guild Hall Mr. D'Arcy Read's ghost illusion receives a fair share of public patronage. The Kelly and Leon Troupe have left for Melbourne. A writer in the Lanbury News concludes a great passage on the Mississippi as follows : — And yet, and yet, the Mississippi in all its glory has not a mouth like that of £o]dene. This is very safe, as I learn she is e« ,v in Am is alia — [Safe is no word lor it. The Soldene's are in Adelaide.— Ed. Mail.] Mrs. C. V. Williams, a coloured lady «f Washington, announces her intention of appearing in tragedy in that city at an early date. Her debut there will be as Paxthenia, in 'Ingomar,' after which 6he will play Evainc, Juiet. Eiana? Paulin', and other roles of 'Miss Anderson's reptrttir. P. T. Barnum's discovery of the necessity of advertising is said to have been occasioned immediatelv after his engage ment of Jenny Lind. Having secured her at an almost fabulous sum for the time, Mr Barnum was not a little chagrined when the conductor on a Washington train asked him ' Who is she, is she a dancer ?'' 'Then,' said Barnum, 'I found I had got to let people know who Jenny Lind was.' And then began in earnest his use of that great educator, the Press, by whose judicious nss, and his own indomitable energy, he has wou his remarkable success and fortune. Ah Absurd Practice.— There is noihing bo absurd as the habit audiences have of calling out principals before the curtain at the end of act*. I was forcibly etrnck by this, the other night, after the third act of ' Won at Last.' There had just been a deadly encounter between H. Monta gue, Eben Plympton, and Rcee Coghlan, and the curtain iell on a strong dramatic effect. The audience applauded, and out came Montague, Plympton, and Coghlan, holding each other by the hand, smiling and bowing and scraping, and from that moment all the illusion of the play was gone. A worse instance was that of calling out Modjeski, after her death scene in ' Adrienne.' Thi6 60rt of thing is all very well in comedy, but it spoils all the elect of a drama. How often have we seen Camille, Mercuno, and Hamlet, and even^Brutus, come out after then-respective deaths, and bow as healthily as ever they did. It's all wrong. It is not the amour-propre of the actor we should blame, but the inconsequence of the audiences which insist on the Enrdjry.— Dramatic Ktwt ' 