PÏOTÏON. ^Trorn Cn?U»h, Amcrlcno^eud oíb*r periodic«!* > DMGGDíG HIM DOWN Annabel's Secret. ClíAl'TER VII. To learn how it fared with Charles Clitheroe, we must go back a lew weeks from the date of the last chspter. The second dny after the terrible accident was a troublesome one-the patient leverish, restless, im- perious ; and the surgeon did not conceal his con- viction of a fatal itsue from the young man who watched with such solicitude, beside the bedside of his patient. The sharp eyes of die old m^n scanned both faces calmly, nor were oblivious of the red lids of poor Thomas, who really loved his crabbed but indulgent master, anti cried like a baby at the prospect of his death every time he sat down outside the sick-room door. " Guy, my lad," said the sick man, when they were left alone togethor, " I'm not in the least uneasy nbout this matter. I have settled all my affairs sat- isfactorily. I have one to leave behind me who meets my full trust and approval. So I have no occisión to fret it the surgeon is right, and I am ?wrong. But look you, I don't agree with bim. I am not so spent of vitality as he thinks. I don't be- lieve* 'finta7 is written quite yet afier CharleB Clith eroe's name. And don't you believe it quite yet, my boy. I'm a poor old stranded hulk. That's sure enough. I sha'ii't go in and out in the old fashion. Thomas will have to drag me around at the very best, and it maybe I sluVtli-ave this bed at all. But I'm not going to die now, not whan I've got a son of my own at length, nor when-" and here his voice grew shrill und high-" nor when there is a prospect that Clitherou's vengeance may be felt at last." " Heaven grant you may be right," returned the youth, eagerly. " It lilla my heart with black horror to think of commencing my new life with the loss of the best fri-nd I have found in all mysoirowful experience. I did not think there was enough warmth left in my heart to care for another human being as I already cire for you, sir." Mr. Clitheroe thook his htad defiantly, " He's a skilful tn.in, and ho knows a precious sight more tbiin I do about this puzzling mixture of flesh and banes we call the body; but for all that, my boy, there's a spirit insiie of me that always held a tou^h gri,, 01 anything it was set upon. And I want to live und see you through this business, and that something inside tells me I can if I will.'' " Then live-, I pray you," implored the youth, And lite ho did, to the surgeo's astonishment, and his new son'a delight. A helpless invalid unable to walk at all, or eten to sUnd olone, dependent upon Thomas to move in the least from one position to another, i it still élowly guining appetite and color, and strength, und suffering but little. When the treniuling hope became certainty, he -was as jubilant na a buy, "There Tho mae, you rascal, you see you can have your way at last. Here I am at your mercy. No more hurd work or wurry. We'll juat stay here at home, and enjoy uureelves. You and Hannah tuny pet me as much as you choose, end I'll treat myself to all the luxuries I can find any enjoj ment in. I've worked hard enough in my day ; now we'll leave it all to the young fellow there. I abdicate in his favor." Hut he did not allow the new Guy Clitheroe to trouble himsflf with the business. Ile laiJ out bia plans for that, and sent tor the cashier, ond the book-keeper, und required a daily account to be brought to his chamber, and be kept the young man's attention to darker, more subtle plain. " The first thing is to make ns much change aa possible in your personal appearance, thouga that seems almost a pity considering the part of fasci- nating rival I deaire you to play," he aaid to him, ?" for you are v.ery comely now." The young man smiled bitterly, " I think there ie little fear of recognition. It is a year ago since any ol them have seen me. I waa a simple, happy, enthusiastic boy then. A dozen common years could not work such changes as this one has done. Even now that I see myself daily in a glass, I can h.irdly help staring at the strangeness of the face that looka out at me. I shall Boon have a luxuriant moustache and tide whiskers, neither of which I wore then, and it seems to me my hair baa deepaned in color. I know Í am broader chested and an inch taller ; that, with change of dress, and name, and circumstances, will certainly screen me from all recognition. Besides-I showed you the paper-I am dead !" " But Guy Clitheroe is alive, and Guy Clitheroe may have a biilliant and happy life before him," said the old gentleman, eagerly. His companion shook his head gr.ively. " I think I feel too much like u ghost or ghoul to find much pleasantness (or myself. But I can enjoy vengeance ; to thai fell spirit I have given myself. It seems indeed aa if circumstances had conspired to put mo in this spot. I conless I vas quite startled to read the nanto, Guy Clitheroe, among the passengers in that old paper. What an alibi that would prove for me. "Did I not tell you about it ? He was the distant . relative whom that lawj or over there hunted up for me. He secured his passage», and was coming over to be my heir, poor feltow I I am hardly as sorry as I ought to be for him. It seems he was taken ill of some contagious disease, and hustled away to a hos- pital. I received tho last dying message he sent me that morning of the steamboat explosion. The berth was secured and paid for, and the name was not can- celled on the list. You'd best secure a few of those papers, incise ot need, And no time must be lost in presenting yourself there, It is of all times the most propitious, for he stands at the very height of pros peri ty, and his fall will be the more terrible. Besides I am told he is desperately in love with this daughter of Cameron. There is the vulnerable spot of this Achilles, Strike through her at the same time that you guther up the links of evidence that shall prove his villany." "I will strike; you need not fear that," returned the other, fiercely. " Do you think 1 can have any mercy, remombenng all my wrongs ?" ''No. All I wish you to remember of the old life is your wrong, and the man who perpetrated it. Have you secured the attendant I recommended P Besides his help, you may need a dozon others to watch, track, spy out. Gold is. the magic talis- man which will furnish you all the assist- ance 'you rotfuiro, and that lies ready at your commuud, Use it ireely for your own wishes, and count it only as drosB when you spend it to accomplish this end of ours. And by the way I countermanded an order ot yours to the . tailor. You did not choose half bo coBtly a fitting-out as I requiro for you. Then there are a few jewels to " be secured ; not flashy, but of intrinsic worth and beauty. I'd let Tiffany select them. Remember, you are a young aristocrat of fastidious taste and un- limited means now, and must not belie the char- acter," ' . >.vi " It teems all like a dream," murmured the young gentleman, when he erins out of the tailor's huida, and stepped into his handsorre carriage, and drove awey, while a score of admiring eyes followed his move menta. A m'gnificent diamond, worth more than the little fortune he bad fondly dreamed about winning for hia mother when he turned his steps from his country home to the great city, glittered on bia finger. He turned it to and fro, eyeing it gloomily, and then glan- ced at the coítly aable clcak dr pping cirelessly up- on the seat beeide bim. " That'a one of your upper crust-tip-top upper cruet, now ain't it, Joe?'' declared a keen-eyed, black banded gamin to bia comrade, as they watched the caracoling of the spirited thoroughbred, and darted from his track. Guy Clitheroe, as be hud learned to consider him- self now, smiled satirically when he beard it, " They're all alike. Fine feathers indeed. How will it be with that girl ? Sh-.ll I only need to out- bid bim with jewels and gold? Oh, what a heartless world !" And he touched the h »rae lightly, and the noble creature sprang away as if he, too, were stung by the bitter thought, so that for the moment he required all hia master'« attention, and was nearly running down a tall figure closely wrapped in a long coat, with a soft felt bat pressed closely over his forehead. The man started back with a muttered impreca- tion. It wns the tone of the voice that drew the young gentleman's attention first, then a glimpse of a pair of steel-blue, evil-flashing eyes completed the recognition. He reined up the horse so that the pawing hoofs just cleared the man's shoulder, and beck ned to him authoritatively. " I'm sorry to have given y u auch a fright, my man," be said. " Hold on a moment, and I'll look lor something to wake up for it." The way th-» gloved hand dove into pockets be- neath such costly broad cloth as that, might well be eloquently suggestive. Tbo aggrieved individual paused, and a bland smile dispossessed his wrathful frown. Throe glittering golden coins fell clinking into Nicho'ae Qrimme's hand. " Eagles, by George !" he said to himself. Aloud he returned, with his moat gracious look : " You're a gentleman, sir, and I won't hurt your feelings by not accepting them. Thankee, sir- thankee, air ; they ceuldn't be more wolcome anywhere, Good luck to ynir honor." The young gentleman nodded good naturedly, touched up the horse, and whirled away. " A swell, with more chink than he knows what to do with. I'd like to hunt bim up and pluck a few feathers irom euch a golden goose," muttered Nicholas, and went on his way. The other drew a long breath. " So, that suit of clothes is paid for, Mr. Nicholas Grimmo, and you none the wiser. And he never recognised me. Shall I be afraid to trust myself be- fore one who believes me dead P No, a thousand times, no ! I um ready to set forth upon the track of vengeance. But it is strange that the two jail-birds were spared out of the three score lives lost on the hapless steamer." Young Mr. Clitheroe decided to drive leisurely in bis own carringa from one city to the other. His ostensible reason was that no other horses could serve him so well as the matchleas blacks he had hunted up, und secured by the payment of a fabulous price. Perhaps he fancied likewise that the elegant cairiage which had been the envy and admiration of the country's metropolis, ciuld not be duplicated tbere. At all events he and 1 is two servants, a coachman, and valet, set forth upon the journey, and loft a little track of transitory glory and a momen- tary buzz of applause all the way behind them. They traveled leisurely, and the young gentleman, as was quite natural for a newly-arrived stranger, was exceedingly interested in the common country life and rural population through which they passed The nearer they came to their point of destination thelonger stops he seemed to make ; and finally.at one village, whose simple unpretending inn waa thrown into feverish commotion by the arrival of so great a gentleman as the coachman took care to proclaim his master, he actually remained three dajs. The country pleased him, be said, It was like England and Scotland both, and he wandered over the fielae, along the highways, penetrated even to the church-yard, and seemed interested in reading over the names he found there. He never cared for a companion in his rambles, though mine host more than once politely offered his escort. No one saw him, then, when he came upon a fine marble tablet which bore the name of " Mary, widow op Kenby Abnold," It was a costly stone, and the grave was neatly fenced, and seetued to have careful tending, for there were little flower-beds, free from weeds, eTen though the autumn had already come. " Wba kind heart has done this ? Let me seek it out and secretly repay the sacred debt," he cried, and sat down there, and tried to hold the marble mask over his face. What had Guy Clitheroe to do with the wild yearning ot heart that seemed tearing him in twain ? But this was overmastering. He stretched out his arms presently, he fell down upon bis knees, he laid his hot forehead againt the cold stone, and cried in wild, despairing tones : *' Mother ! oh, mother I to think you have died of a brokan heart,and I had no farewell words, no dying kiss. I cannot he.ir it. It seems to me I shall never be able to bear it." The low eigbing of the wind in the faded grass, the light s Tay of the fir branches beyond, the dis- tant, shrill caw of a ciow down in the pines below only these for answer to the passionate words. His head dropped lower, but still the flaming eyes were too hot for tears. " Mother, mother! you know my innocencs now, for if heaven receives ils angels, you are there in its white glory. Ob, mother, you know my wrongs', and that the bitterest sting, the keenest pang, comes from the consciousness that but for that shame and sorrow you might be here with me still. It is for the cruel wrong which broke your heurt that I have sworn my oath of vengeance." He knelt there like a form of stone half an hour longer, then he rose, and slowly turned upon a well remembered pith. It made him gnash his teeth, remembering the brsve-heiirted, frolicsome boy who used to go spring- ing through the pines, leaping ever the style, swing- ing through the gate, to the tender EmileB and fond welcome waiting beneath the cottage-roof. To recall the proud visions pictured forth, the grand success promised himself when he should return to build the great bouse for his mother and make a lady of her a lady in silken gowns, and soft laces, and costly furs. How sweetly she had laughed, how fondly kissed him, when he bad repeated his boastful promises. How well he remembered the solemn depth of her voice when she bad prayed that Heaven would send him back to her, her own true-hearted, honorable boy however else be might come. " Oh, mother, mother!" was his cry again, Yet his face was calm, his voice steady, and his smile full of easy nonchalance, when the cottage door was opened to his knock, and a pleasant- faced woman bade bim enter,and hastened tobring the glass of milk be had politely requested. She knew who he was of course. "The wealthy gentleman at the tavern," about whom everybody was talking, for in these rustic neighbourhoods such news travels for and wide, and every particular of the rich Englishman's behaviour was repeated at a score of firesides, almost as soon as he arrived, " Oh, yes, sir- certainly. Our milk is called very rich and sweet," anwered the pleased and flattered matron ; and wouldn't the gentleman like a warm baked apple P Maybe it would be something new for him. The apples from the tree at the orchard bars were called wonderful for baking, and there was a pan just out of the oven." It was a little thing, truly, but the allusion to the famous baking apples did what the grave had not accomplished. A soft dew crept into his eyes. He could only nod his acceptance ; but while she was gone, he thought over the many times when he had brought in the apples, and coaxed for a generous coat of sugor with them. He could see his mother standing there by the stove. Why, it is the iden- tical stove itself ? He knew the crack across the oven door, And looking round more closely, he found other articles well romombered, familiar in- deed. Her work-table-the old clock, with its gro- tesque dancing (¡irl-and beyond the little Biblo, his mother's Bible. He must have it, though he paid its weight in diamonds; he must buy that Bible. 'He started up in uncontrollable agitation. The woman found him standing at the window, looking out wistfully, but he came back in a mo- ment. " The apples are of wonderful flavor, and the milk worthy to go with them," be pronounced as he tasted. " And what a romantic little place you have here ! Have you always lived here» madam ?" " Oh, io, indeed, sir, Poor Widow Arnold held the place, though my husband had a mortgage on it." She looked over the elegant young gentleman, who seemed a veritable prince in her unsophisticated eyes, with never a thought of madcap Harry Arnold, who had chased her pigs, and tangled her yarns, and played a score of bojish tricks upon his good natured neighbor. " Oh, no, sir," she went on, proud enough that the gtntleman should be interested in her or the place. " We've only been here a year and two months. We came to hf>r at the time of her trouble, poor Widow Arnold !" " The Widow Arnold ! I am sure I read that name on the new tombstone in the church-yard. And did someone tell i sad story about her at the inn last night?" " If they didn't, they might haye done it. She was a saint if there ever was one," answered the woman eagerly. The gentleman turned bis head a little, bo that she could not readily catch the expression of his face ; but he said, earnestly : " I should like to hear about her. I am al vays in- terested to hear these simple stories of hidden lives. What w&s; their sorrowful in hers ?" "Alack! she had hersore trouble-sore trouble ;nnd she bore it, as the Loid's own ought to bear afflic- tion. First, there was her husband. Well, well, that is neither here nor there. He was a queer man, and I misdoubt if she had much peffee with him ; but he died and left her, and she bad her boy, and this place, well mortgaged, to be sure. But weren't they happy together, those two ? It used to do me good to see them, they loved each other bo, and were so tender of each other. And yet they'd play together like two children. I've seen Harry pelt her with roses till she couldn't stand for laughing, and lots of times she has done the same, only using the little tiny cakes she used to bo such a master hand at cooking up." She stopped a moment, for she thought there came a hoarse sob from the stranger's throat but the next moment she perceived her mistake, for he had lifted the glass and waa draining the last drop of milk " Ah, me ! who would ever have thought of it ? And he eo fond and proud of her, and yet he broke her heart." " He turned out b scamp then ?" said the gentle- man, sternly. ) " I don't know. I don't like to bslieve it. I can't make it seem so. He waa the merriest, happiest boy I ever knew. Nothing could ever keep him still or sober, and he had a boy's tricks and pranks, but no one ever saw anything bad in him. And he was her son; brought up with such Christian prayers. No, air, I won't believe Harry Arnold went wrong, knowing what he was about. Oh, dear, air, your citiis are dreadiul places to dazzle and bewilder a poor country ladl No, though the neighbours laughed at me, I've stuck to it that we should find out sometime he waa more sinned against than sin- ning." Her listener started out of his chair, and came a step or two toward her, but he passed to the window and looked out again. When he turned abont bis face wore only the natural look of kindly interest. " I am sure yours is a noble heart, madam But how was it with the mother-did she exonerate har boy ?" " Bless your 80ul, yes, sir. She would never al- lowa word to be said ob if he were guilty. " My boy a liar I a foger ! a criminal!" she would say, with her dear eyes streaming with tears. " No, no ! he is in prison, but he will come out aad prove hia inno- cence yet. If I don't live to see him, you will tell him so," "God bless her!" said the gentleman, hoarsely. " God bless all the loving, truatinp, praying mothera, for they are tbe salvation of their boys. And did she tell him so ?" " Alack 1 that wbb the worst of it. When the ter- rible news came, you see, she started over to our bouse. We lived over on the other place then, and her excitement and trembling caused her to fal), and she sprained her ankle in getting over the wall. She was going right off to bim, but this stopped it -only for a little while, we thought-but, I don't know what it was, her strength seemed to give right out. She never lett ber bed after it. She couldn't go to him, and they wouldn't let him come to her. And he was tried and sent to prison, and she was just laid here and prayed, and prayed, and wrote to bim, and sent him loving, trustful messages. She marked her Bible at some new place, it seemed to me, every day or two, and charged me to keep it for him. She never thought of his not coming at all. Oh, sir, doesn't it seem woeful? He never will. It is only yes- terday we heard how he perished miserably in escap- ing irom the prison." The good woman's own eyes were streaming, and she thought it no marvel that the gentleman dashed his hand across his. '. A sad enough history," he said ; " and you have made it pathetic by your tender way of telling the story. Then you have the Bible now ? I should like to see it." She ri'se instantly, went to the workstand, and brought him the Bible. He carried it to the window, sat down there, and turned over the leaves slowly. It was so long before he spoke ugnin that she was almost nervous. " Madam." he said, " I am a motherless wanderer myself. Would anything induce you to give me this Bible ? I think I can promise you that I shall vUue it as much as any one can-now-that-that unhappy boy cannot claim the sacred relic." She stood a moment irresolute, and then said, frankly : " I don't know why I may not. It is not every one who would be so interested in tbeir story. Yes, sir, you may take it, and my blessing with it." " It is a great deal for you to give. You must consent to accept another Bible in iti stead, and be- lieve that I feel I make a poor return when I send it. Was it you who placed the stone over the widow's grave ?" "Oh, bo! There is a little mystery about it. Some gentleman in the city sent it out, and pays for the grave's being tended. Nobody knows his name, nor why he does it. I've puzzled a good deal over it. Oh, here comes my husband. He'll be proud enough to see how you've honored our humble place." "Will he?" smiled the young gentleman, quite startling her with a familiar look that came with the smile. " I should feel very much honored myself if he asked me to spend the night here under this honest roof." " Dear, dear, we shall be too happy," stammered she, quite perturbed with her very pride end delight* And so it happened that the wonderful Englishman made his little visit to the old f <rm cottage, and slept-no, not slept, for be never lost a single mo- ment's consciousness, but passed the night in the very chamber under whose low eves the lad, Harry Arnold, had so often fallen into the careless, inno- cent slumber of happy boyhood. Very much did the honest couple marvel when a week afterward was brought to them, by an express messenger, a box containing a costly family Bible, clasped with gold. Still more astonishing was the discovery that perusal brought. At frequent inter- vals between the le.ives was found a crisp new bank- note, and this continued unto the very end, where upon the last was written : " Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of theBe, ye have done it unto Me." " We are rich for li.'e !" exclaimed the breathless wife. " Oh, Jacob, you needn't toil so hard to clear the farm, now. What could have possessed that generous inan? What a fortune ho must have!" CHAPTER VIII. " Now, Lulie, bring the footstool, and my knitting work, and set the shade on carefully over the drop light, You're a handy girl, and as light and delicate fingered as one could ask. I must say I've taken a great deal of satis'action with you, my child. You are not in the least like any of the thoughtless, noisy hoidens I have tried before, but are as still and quiet as the dumerest little lady in the land." The old lady smiled placidly upon her little maid as she spoke, und Lulie returned a shy, grateful glance while she obeyed the instructions, But that was her only answer. A cheerful fire from the open grate flung Its bright- ening rays over the cozy little apartment, which was furnished with a generous, although an old-fush ioned taste, consulting comfort and solidity rather than modern style. The old lady herself made a pleasant picture sit- ting there in her quaintly- carved high-back chair, with the ruddy glow of the fire lighting up her thin but still fair, smooth face, her snowy cap, her dainty white ruffles, and soft black silk dress, whose every fold fell with statuesque precision and looked as if it could never know a speck of dust. For it was a sweet old face, lull of calm peacefulnessand un- ruffled serenity radiant with good-will to all, and holding a frown for none. " Now, my dear, you haven't forgotten the apples, roasted for me, and plain for you, I hope, and the j crackers for Ruoben, when be comes in, and the wine is mulled ? No, I didn't suppose you had. It is one blesiing you bring, my dear, that you never do forget. Now, if you will read to me a few mo- ments, we'll have a little talk afterward, Take the low rocking-chaii. I'm sure thoss busy feet ought to be tired by this time." And the aged, but delicate white band reached over and patted the golden brown-hair, wlion the girl wes sealed close beside her. " The papers, Mrs Conant, or the other-1' " No, we won't have the paper till Reuben comes, I feel to happy and peaceful to be disturbed by its restless thoughts, its startling disclosures. We'll have a psalm that will give a benediction to the hour and place-a good place it is, Lulie. I hope youjfeel it to, and are contented in a happy Christian home," " Dear Mrs. Conant, it is almost likn Heaven to me," answered the girl, impulsively, her lip quiv- ering. Again the fair old band went down to her head and smolhed away its rippling waves of hvir. " After the psalm, I have something to say to you dear. Read me where the mark is put, And Lulie took the book with tender, reverent hands, and read in a clear, solemn voice, the tender, inepiring, beautiful words. As the sweet tones faded out the reader had drrpped low, and fora moment there was a perfect silence. A glad peace was shin- ning over the old lady's face, as if indeed some glimpse of the Beautiful Gate had been already granted ber. The girl's was hidden but there was none of the other's saintly calm within her troubled heart, " Lulie, my dear, I think your two years with us have not been unprofitable to you. You huve grown into many good ways, and I think j ou like us," spoke the mistress, presently, " Ob, Mrs. Conant, you have been the one good angel of my life," faltered Luiie. ' Until I knew you, and your Bible, I bad no faith in goodness." " Hush, my dear, that is too much to say. We are all faulty. I have my pets, and my weaknesses. When you first came I distrusted you, knowing what had been your associations. I have asked your par- don before, and I ask it again. I know you now, and trust you thoroughly, 1 am sure you cannot be tempted to do any wrong act, knowing it to be such, I Bm certain you will never deceive me," > Lu lie'« face grew ghastl;, her slender bauds clutched upon each other with > a frantic clasp, and her head dropped lower still, till it was almost bowed > into her lap. " If she knew ; oh, if she knew !" was the fierce whisper of conscience. But the old lady, still with the happy smile upon her lipa, had turned her eyes upon the fire, where fancy was picturing many pleasant visions, and she saw nothing of this, " Reuben and I have talked over it so many times, and at last come to our conclusion. You know we weigh all things carefully, and never act in baste. We think, Lulie, we could do you more good, and we could make it pleasanter for ourselves-" " Not to send me away ! Oh, Mrs. Conant, dear Mrs. Conant, not to send me awoy," cried out Lulie, sharply, springing to her feet, and stretching out her hands imploringly. " You dear child, what an absurd idea ! You have twined yourself too closely around our hearts for that. _ No, no dear something entirely different. We wish to adopt you legally for our own." The flash of joy that for a single moment lit up Lulie's face made it wondroualy lovely. She stood with shining eyes, and lips parted with a rapturous smile, for an instant longer, as the old lady con- tinued : " We are a childless couple, with no one especially claiming our help or affection. We are both very fond of you, and 8' e the opportunity for giving as well as receiving advantages. My dear I see by the paper the Nicholas Grimme has died at last, I will not pain you, nor distress mytelf, recalling the Bad circumstances. His death seta us free to claim you legally since there can be no one else with the right to object. I never told you that after we had care- fully studied your character, and felt sure you were free from the taint of the evil associations he had so sinfully put around you, Reuben, my busband, hunt- ed your father up, and offered to adopt you legally, if he would forego all claims upon you. It is need- less to pain you by the recital of the cruel words he spoke. Let us trust the blinding passion of anger, which is a sort of madness, excuses to Heaven the blasphemy and ingratitude of his speech. Reuben said that it was a hopeless proposition, and for fear that he should fulfill his threat, and take you away entirely we refrained from a second attempt. Now I that he is dead, my dear, there ia no hindrance. An- swer me, Lulie, would my little fairy maid be sorry to become my daughter ?" bong before these tender, appealing words were reached, had the radiant glow faded, and Lulie's face grown pale and ead, and full of unutterable yearning. " He is not dead ; oh, he is not dead ! And if I tell her, she will ask me how I know," was the wild, despairing thought of the poor girl. And she stood dumb. " Lulie-why, Lulie, my dear, I thought you would be pleased," said the old lady, pained by the girl's silence and strange looks. " I never thought of such a thing as you not liking it." "Not liking it!" repeated Lulie,with more pas- sion than the watchful mistress had ever seen in her, " Do I not like warmth instead of coldness, feasting instead of hunger. Heaven inste id of-" She stopped shruddering, before the evil word was uttered, and buried her face in her, hands. " Lucy Grimme, what am I to understand ?" be- gan Mis. Conant, in her grave tone of offended dig- nity. But Lulie was at her feet clinging there, coveri&g; ber dress and the band that sought to lift her with her hot tears and her passionate kisses. " No, no, dear Mrs. Conant, you must not speak to me in that tone. I am not ungrateful. I am not so base. I love you, I would count it the greatest joy as we'd as the glory and honor I do not deserve, if I could take such a place. But-I-dare not, And I must not let you do so much for me. I can say no more. Alas ! I cannot say less. Let me still remain your servant." And with this she rose slowly, folded her arms, and stood with bent head, but with resolute though anguished eyes, waiting for her sentence. Mrs. Conant sank back in her chair, grave and as- tonished. As she bad had said, she was one who toek plenty of time for reflection before proceeding upon any action, She took up her knitting, and the slow click of the needles was the only sound for many minutes. Twice she paused with the needles poised and stared off into the fire. " I cannot comprehend it," she murmered, the first time, evidently quite unaware that the thought was spoken aloud. " I am sure the child loves us. ft will be as great disapointment to Reuben as to me." Lulie looked at her wistfully -the lovely, refined noble lady that she was, For her to offer to bo a mother to the child of that sin stained felon, how grand, how beautifnl, bow Christian it was in ber ! And what black ingratitude, what shameful effront- ery it must seem, this refusal of hers ! She went again on ber knees, flung down by a swift impulse that she eould notresist. " Dear Mrs. Conant, don't doubt my love ; don't doubt my gratitude. I know what I owe you, and what it would be to be cherished as you would cherish a daughter, though indeed you have already given me a mother's care. But, oh, it is because you and your Bible have taught me to see more clearly, to know what is right and what is wrong, that 1 dare not consent to this. I might invent some reason, but I won't, I cannot tell you the truth, which is an ugly secret not my own, and I will tell you no lie. Don't think more hardly of me than you can help. Whatevor becomes of me don't think, I pray you, that I ever wnver from my love and gratitude to you ; that I would not gladly die to save you from any trouble or harm." " My little Lu, my dear little Lu ! how you trem- ble ! I never suspected such fierce emotion could stir my gentle dove," murmered the lady in a trou- bled voice. " It is nil very puzzling, but I don't mis- trust you of the wrong or the sin. But my dear, you are simple and unsophisticated; you may be deceived imposed upon." "Aral?" repeated poor Lu, drearily. "Alas! I am afraid I am too well read in all evil ways, some- times I tremble lest nothing can wash m < clean from ihe vile things that have touched me, though I have held off my hands in horror. Let us forget what has been aaid. Say that I am your little maid again, you will not take your love away from me ?" " How could I do that, my dear. Ia there any way to unlearn love ? But I heor my Reuben coming. Prepare the eggs, dear, and beat the wine, then go to your bed. You are tired out, and nervous with excitement. Calm yourself with prayer, and sleep contented. You are my little Lu after all. Heaven bless and keep you, child," And the old lady kisted her, tonderly. Lulie went out hastily to take the mister's hat and cloak, and set away his cane, and met the kind words as were her wont, " A pale little woman, it seems to me," said Reu- ben Conant, a broad smile illuminating his own rosy, hearty countenance, " I'm thinking the mother and I must study up something to bring a little bloom to your cheeks, Lucy." Her heart was too full for any trivial answer, and bo she only bent her head as under a ben-diction, und having performed ber duty she glided away, and sat down in her own ctzy chamber, staling out blankly and wondering what Mrs. Conant would say if she knew that her carefully-trained Lu had been the one to give Nicholas Grimme the file that sawed off his prison b ira, ana let him out anaiu to prey upon the unsuspicious public. She bad not moved from the position into which she first threw herself, when Bridget knocked softly at her door. " If you pl*2e, Miss Lu, there's a mm at the door wants to see you. He brings word, he eay>, from your sick cousin." She sprang up, roused at once from lier apathy by the sickening fear that alw.iys came with Jim Darke's presence. " I will come down ; tell him I will como down at once," she said, hurriedly; and, catching up a shawl, she flung it around her, and hastened to fol- low to the door, where the mun was waiting. " It is you, Jim," she said, listlessly, as she closed the door behind her. " What is it you want of ma now ? ' "He has come back,Lu. And he wants you to leave here at once. He said you might give any ex cuse you'd have a mind, only not to lisp a word about him." " To leave here ! When-how ?" gasped Lu, catch- ing hold of the door-knob to steady herself. " This very week. Wo're going off, all of us, to a new place, A gr^at deal better times than we've ever known are before us. You'll be a lady, Lu." " I don't want to be a lady, and I don't want to leave this place, Jim Darke, You both know it !" she cried, passionately. " But you must. He'll be awful fierce if you make any fuss, Lu. Now don't you, there's a dear ! Why Lu, I'll be ns good as the day is long, and I Ml you I'll make a lady of you. We'll all be grand people, and have a splendid house, and keep our c.irriage. WeM luve new names, too, and drop all this that troubles you. You hula't thought of that now, had you, sweetheart?" "He senda forme to fulfil his bargain to murry you-is that it ? Spaak the truth, Jim Darke, it is the best way for you to deal'with me." " Why, yes, of course, that is one reason. How fierce you can be for such a gentle little thing !" " I must see him mysolf, I must talk with him be- fore I make any move about leaving these good friends," she said, slowly, with that stern, decisivo tone ot voice she almost always used in speaking to Jim Darke. " I told him I knew you'd insist on that. He's around the corner there. I'll just call him." And he darted away, returning in a moment « ith another figure, which swung itself along with angry strides. " Yes, it is he. He is not dead-I knew it couldn't be," muttered Lu, preEsing both hands against her heart. " What is all this folly?" demanded the sarcastic, well-known voice. " How long since it was the rule for a daughter ti refuse to bear her father's com- mands ?" "My father is reported dead. He has always been dead to a father's affection," slid Lu, sternly. " I want to hear from your own lips what you have laid out for me." " To come into a brilliant fortune for one thing, miss, Have you any objection to that?" "I would rather be a elive here with these good people, and share only a crust and cup of water with them," was the fierce retort. " That much for the fortune. What else ?" " A saucy minx ! it is time, indeed, you left this place. What else ? Why, you are to marry Jim, as I promised him, and a much better husband he'll make than you deserve." She clutched her band upon his arm, while she pleaded with him in a new voice of piteous entreaty, " Father, hear me this once. I hare risked some- thing for you. I have patiently handed over my earnings to you. Have I not some claim for your compassion ? I abhor, I detest Jim Darke. It makes my flesh creep and my heart stand still only to feel his eyes upon me. I am afraid of him. I almost think I would kill myself before I would marry him. And I am not old enough to marry. Why, father, if I were, your authority, would end, I am only sixteen, and a poor little creature at my best. Hear me, father; give up this plan, and I will work for you. Oh, how patiently I will work-" And here a great sob choked off the words._ The hard heart of the man never thrilled,beneath this toucqing appeal. " A parcel of trash 1" he muttered, angrily ; "you don't know what you ara talking about. I have promised Jim, and I shall keep it. You must leave this place to-morrow." She drew herself up slowly, despairingly, con- scious of the uselessness of seeking to soften his pur- pose. " And what if I refuse ? What if I appeal to them to protect me against you ?" He groaned out a wicked oath, " The law gives you to my control. You impu- dent hussy, do you think to begin now at defying me?" " I think the law knows no such man as you. It has annulled all your claims. You would not dare appeal to it, because it would take you back there to the prison," she cried, hoarsely, " As it would take you too, my dainty miss P What penalty docs it offer, do you think, fcr help . ing a prisoner to escape P How would your psalm singing friends look at you if tbey knew it? Besides there is another count against you. Have you forgetton the counterfeit bill you passed ?" " Cruel 1 cruel !" she cried, passionately. " You cheated me into believing it good. I was innocent of all wrong !" "Who would believe it if Jim and I told our story ? I tell you, girl, there is no choice for you but to obey me ?" " Woe is me !" burst from poor Lu, " Some one is coming down the alley," whispered Jim. " Quick !" hissed Nicholas Grimme, seizing her arm with such a vice-like grasp tbat the blood settled under his fingers. "Promise that you will obey me." " Yes," cried Lu, hoarsely. " I will promise to leave them." " To morrow ?" " Yes ; to-morrow," she groaned. p And as he released his hold, she turned, and fled back into the house. When Mrs. Conant came to look in upon her, she found Lulie kneeling beside her bed with her arms flung up over the pillow. The white, haggard face that turned at her call startled her. " My dear child, such prayer does not calm you. Go to your bed, and try to sleep. I must believe it in physical exhaustion, after all, that so strangely affecta you." " Mrs. Conant, are the Commandments all binding P Must we obey them all, every one ?" asked the girl, wildly. " A strange question. Of course we must," ans- wered Mrs. Conant, not in the least suspecting the intense earnestness of the question. The weary head dropped low again. " I will go to bed, Don't stay any longer, Mrs, Con- ant," she said, faintly. And Mrs. Conant, believing it wisest to leave her to calm down in solitude, laid her hand in silent benediction upon the bowed head, and said, " Good night my child. I will pray for you," and left her. In the morning the room was ompty, the bed un pressed. Lulie was gone ! (To be continued,) The Station Medioine Chest has saved many a life, but we think the idea may be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good ' compound such as Pbabbb's Golden Family Antibilious Pills and the desired end will be obtained without scales and weights and little mysterious compartments and enchanted bottles with giass stoppers. Others might be used, but Peaiisk's Pills, as tested by thousands ol persons, have been found to answer their purpose so well that they may be set down as tbe best. 613f Give me Sound Reasons fob Taking q medi- cine or I will not try it, says the rational invalid. This is fair and right. Assertion is not proof. In recommending Bristol's Sabsapabilla, therefore, as a specific for scrofula and all the types of ulcerouB and eruptive disease, it is proper to remind the public that, for over one-third of o century, it has been uniformly successful in cases, of this 1 kind, 6233 