NEWS OF THa DAY. In another colnmn will be found an interesting account of the arreat of a man who waB concerned in the robbery of 5000 sovereigns from one of the mail steamers abont fourteen months since. It appears that the mystery has now been thoroughly elucidnted, From a telegram in another column, con taining falter particulars of the Maas&eld; trsgedy, it will be seen that the dead bodies of two troopers have been found, and two more troopers are missing. The Ban Francisco Mail steamer, after a rplcndid run from Auckland, reached Fort Jackson at two o'clock this morning, A summary ol the news bronght on by her, forwarded by our Sydney correspondent, will be found in another colnmn. Among other items will be found a fall account of tbo wreck of the exenrsion steamer, Princess Alice. Wo aro authorised to state that the first business which will occupy tho attention of both Houses of Parliament to-morrow even- ing will be the reception of the report from the conference, We do not profess to give bo paiticn lurs of this report, but in another colnmn we present oar readers with buoU in formation as has been obtained indirc -.t!y re garding the position, Aa indicating the near approarV. oi tho ter mination of the eoBsion, which we under stand will take place during the. euauiug fortnight, a large number of Guvorumont bills will be advanced a stage tu-.r,nr;ovt evening. Some will be discharged from bhn paper, and others will not be peiaovcrod with. Seme of the political jqnldnnnos point to the fact o( Professor Pearson's house being advertised " to let" aa significant of prepa rations for the departnre of the Victorian embassy at an early date. We do not attach much importance to so small an ovent, but it is singular that more than one household of those whoso names have been meutionod as onr ambassadors aro " packing up." The latest sensation in tho hotting market is the backing of 8avanaka Under tho Verandah this morning. All the 10's to I about him were accepted, and he is now first favorite for tho Mol- bourne Oup at that prioe. Oonsequout on the support awarded him, Mileta has receded in price, and is now at 12 to 1. The following are the deliveries of wheat, flour, and othor produce at the Bpencer street station of the Victorian railways for the week ending 10th October; — Wheat, 4925 bags; flonr, 5995 bags; potatoes, 7923 bags; bran and pollard, 1812 bags; oats, 271 bags; barley, 14 bags; peas, 24 bags; maize, 29 bags; malt, 50 bags; and chalf, 8494 bags, Total, 29,547 bags, Several rumors have been current within i be last few days to the . effect that some of tho neighbors residing near the Farrel saw Borne persons carrying a sack each, late on the night when Mrs Farroll disappeared from her hnsban house, in the direction of Carlton, GosBip as nana! magnified the statement, and the opinions of those living in the immediate neighborhood of the Farrella' domicil were com-, mnnioated to the detectiveB, the neigh bours' Btated that' they entertained the suspicion that the remains of the sup posed murdered .woman had been interred in the Melbourne Cemetery by her mur derers. This morning, Detectives Wil liams and Iiovie paid a visit to the Ceme tery, and in company with Mr Pnrohaa, the resident clerk, searohed all the ground which hBS been newly turned np ; but their investi gations proved fruitless, Mr Pnrehas and the gravediggers give it aa their oonvietion that "not even a mouse oonld be bnricd in the Cemetery" without their special know ledge. In the County Court to-day, an application as made by Mr Quinlan for a new trial in an action of McLeDnon v, Gaunson, which waB heard before his Honor Judge Cope aud a jnry of four ou the 21st inet, The action wsb brought by Mr J, M'Lennon to recover £150 damages from Mr D. Qannson, solicitor, for negligence as eucb. The alleged negligence consisted in the defendant, who was employed ae M'Lennon'a attorney, being absent when a case of M'ljennon v Ncilson wbb heard, and when the plaintiff' was non suited. At the trial on the 21st, hia Honor told the jury that the plaintiff had not ana- tained any damage, aa he (the jndge) would have nonsuited the plaintiff even if Mr Gannson waspreBont, and that therefore he was entitled only to nominal damages. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff for £30. The grounds upon which a new trial was asked were, that there was no evidence gt go to the jnry that the defendant was en titled to a verdict ; that the damages were excessive ; that the verdict was perverse; and that the jndge misdirected the jnry. It was nrg'ed that Mr Gaunson told M'Lennon several honrs before M'Lennon v. Nellson was called on that be was going to Oastle- maine, thathe returned all his papers to him, and told him how to conduct his case, and that he received no money from the plaintiff. Hia Honor granted a new trial on the payment of costs by the defendant, A little boy was bronght . before the City Court to-day, principally at the instance of Mr Ellis, trnant inspector, and Mr Hill. The boy was charged with vagrancy. He was found in a stable, and appeared to live by uuning errands for the inhabitants of low bouses in Btephen street. An effort had been mado t apprentice him by Mr Hill, bnt he ran away. The bench remanded him for a week for inquiry. The dispute between Messrs Wright and Orr and the Harbor Trust Commission still continnes at the same same stag as it did a fortnight ago, nothing definite having as yet been decided npon except the desire to refer the whole matter to an arbitration of barris ters arid laymen. The Trust . in. fend to hold a meeting . to-morrow to finally consider the advisability of snch a course of proceeding. The Warbawk still lies, like a dog on the chain, jammed in the entrance of the dock, looking very seedynow, and the Griper has gone np the river to be dismantled for repairs. There seems a determination on the part of the Harbor Tract to remove the awkward corner out of the line of the river, bnt the manner n whioh they Bhould set to work seems to trouble them not a little aftsr their first failnre. An inquiry waB held to-day by the Minister of Lands in conseqncnce of two clerks in the department being suspended. It wonld appear that Mr Cummins, who ia under suspension, lBtely received promotion, and was transferred to GippBland. DeiDg popular amoogat hie brother clerks, n testimonial was got np to be presented on the occasion of his leav ing, Meanwhile Mr Bynan, tho other suspended clerk, is said . to have inked pereonB outside to subscribe to tho testimonial, the resnlt of which was that the matter was reported to the Minister, who investigated the affair; to-day, bnt has not given hiB decision. The offence, it of fence it he, is not a very grievous one. Mr Ponton evidently does not believe in reformatories. This morning, while hearing a charge against two girls for insulting behaviour, the mother of one of the prisoners said that her daughter was quite beyond her control, and she wished her to be sent to the reformatory, Mr Pauton- warned tho mother thai, to send ber there would be to com plete her eduoation in vice, and remanded the prisoners for three days, to make inquiries and see if some other course conld not be adopted. At the City Police Court to-dny, Mr John Green, the landord of the well-known Cleat's Hotel, was snmmooed for harboring prosti tutes on his licensed premi ep, Mr Furves, who appeared for the defendant, admitted the fact, and the bench imposed a fine of 40s, and coeis, i A very sudden death occurred yesterday p.-, Cr.llingwood, Mr Bobert Kershaw, an vie. and respected resident, and a member r \ iu School Hoard of Advice, while staorliui .a the door of his bouse in Hoddle err m.t talk ing to bis wife, fell suddenly into her arin.l and expired. The cause of donth iu at pro- sent unknown, but it is supred that it re sulted from heart diBsaBe. The magistrates seem detcrmiuod to put down larrikiniem with a strong hand. A Bturdy-lookiug young follow, naiued Burro, was charged with insulting behavior this morning, and his conduct was stated aa beio very vi"lent; Mr 1'r.nton inflicted o ime of £3, cr r. .uo-'th, much to hin astonioiirjent, A frond i . -uuml Morooy, v.-bo incited hin t j - "d a sirniltu pnuishment. Aw.il- i ... waB also finr ' ' r... : - ' r . , " i - ,.j iv.do to the benoh to- da-r ' Y M-. , .cct.lor the withdrawal of a ! ' ii young man named Ef..- . a shawl worth abont le Vo: ' i stated that the prisoner hi .. :-i;' a ;,r>csfor a similar offenoe, oi : x: game time. Trie society '.give liim a fresh start; and a E- r.iuio btf.n obtained for him, Mr J 'lowed -ce withdrawal, .".vaj jor deni writeB, atating that the jcb si u stipendary magistrate at .. 'air et ...vh ;:j greatly felt by the inhabi- . ui.!ii Oticsiil- utiliy, cases of importance, re- qu'.-ieg extQiiflivulogal knowledge, must come lefo. c! r.ht boner, at a place like William- st .Tti at d tbeaa it is scarcely fair to require h'-aor'i ty inngifiin.tea to determine, Tb'i Inie trial of the dredge Platypus hav- u'.:4 1 roved tiucnewfnl, U has been deoided to set her to work at onoo in the river in tho vicinity of the docks, A Short trial will bo probnbly made this ovening to ace that every thing is in working order, and she wil then commence regular work to-morrow, on tho claybank oppoaite the new dock. In tho Prahran Oourt this morning; Wil liam Nolan, a young man, received three monlhB' bard labor lor- robbing a tilt at the Gippsland Hotel. This was a somewhat audacious case. Tho prisoner had been detected in the rnbbsry, and ran away, fol lowed by the police. After a long chase Constable Dempsey bronght him up. Wil.- linm H. Young was charged with embezzling £5 from his employer, Mrs Merrett. After tbo case had proceeded some length, it was ad jonrned for a week , through the absence of a material witness named, Allan Folks, who had received due- notice, and consequently tho police were ordered to look of tor him. Theresa Green and Mary Jane Murray were "charged with stealing toweling from Mr Green's drapery shop, Obapel street, The stuff was pawned at Mr De Grnohy's, and trnoed to the prisoners. They were likewise accusod of stealing a kettle from another place. Both offences being proved, the police showed that the women were old offenders, and bo the bench gave them four months apiece. Joseph Gnlo and Susan Tanner were had up for stealing a gold watoh and hair guard from the residence of Mrs Adkina, High street. The woman pawned the watch at Mr Shrimpton's, and said it belonged to Galo. The latter pleaded gnilty, and was sentenced to three months. Tanner wae discharged. Mr W. H. Usher, a promising young colonial artist, has jnst completed a hand some! silk banner for the Oxford street Con gregational Sabbath Snhool, Oollingwood, whioh dose tho artist infinite credit. The front, of the banner represents an Oriental landeoape, with a calmly flowing river in the mid-distance, meandering through fertile plains, having on the edge of "the still water waving palm trees and other umbrageous foliage indigenous to the east," In the fore ground is the "Good Shepherd" holding in his arms a lamb, and surrounded by a flock of sheep, underneath whioh is the text, "Feed my lambv," On the obverse aide of the banner, which is 7 feet by 6 inoheB, is the kneeling fignre of Samuel, with the words "Speak Lord," written nnderneath. The coloring is jndiciorisly toned down, tho painter having evidently determined to pro- dace a pleasing picture without the adventi tious aid of floridnese, 1 Tho banner is hand- comely mounted, aud is well worthy of in spection. Tho BallBrat Courier is in a position to state that it is the intention of the Minister of Mines to send the diamond drill, when it is done with at Kingston,' to the lignite country at Lai Lai; to bore for eoal, before' despatching it to the Ooleraine district for the same purpose. Emphasis and the art of subordinating words ; to ideas formed the subject of the lectnre which Mr T. P. Hill delivered on Fiiday afternoon to the teachers and pupil teacherB at the institution in Spring Btreet. In a variety of instructive and amusing anecdotes, it was clearly shown how the proper placing of a stress of the voice on a leading word in a sentence, bronght out the fall meaning of an author. The consequences of not apprehending the drift of a passage were exhibited in the shape of numerous dramatic, oratorical, and Biblical quotation?. The old story of " Saddle me the Ass, and they saddled him," had, aaid the lecturer, fonnd a recent comparison in that veree of SanYs visit to the witch of Endor, when the witoh set food 11 before Sanl , and before his servants, and they did eat," Theart of bringing out the emphasis effectively in volved a thorongh apprehension of the ideas represented by words, the placing- of leading thenghts in the foreground, and keeping subordinate .expressions in the back ground of a vocal piotnre. Some practical advice, illnBtrated by a diagram, on the baBt method of convoying a knowledge of em- phasiB to children, brought the lectnre to a close, The attendance of pnpil teachers was very large, The Ballarnt Star writes : — Great dissatis faction has been expressed by the millers and grain dealers at the new railway rates for prodnce now In force. The charge was formerly a uniform one of three halfpence per ton per mile, and the new arrangement is that after the first bnndred miles have been travelled, the charge will be reduced to a penny : per ton per mile. ThuB millers and others in Ballarat have to pay the full rate from Horsham or St, Arnand, and then again the full rate to Melbourne or elsewhere, where their goods are sent, whereas Melbourne people get the redaction on half the distance, and save other inter mediate charges, unloading, etc. This is a' heavy handicap to the local dealers, many of whom compote in the same outside markets with Melbourne, Farmers around Ballarat, who have mostly pnrcbased . their land at high rates, are also at a disadvantage, as they are within a hundred miles of Melbourno, whoso prices are Bure to be highest, and will get no advantage by the redaction, It is urged that as Vifctoria is now competing with Adelaide for the Bnpply of Sydney, Queens land, etc., every facility ahonld he given to the farmers to get their grain totheBeaboard, Sandhurst, Oastlemaino, Geeloog, Stawell, and other placeB where large mills are es tablished, will all suffer in the same way as Ballarat. This, no donbt, has beon overlooked by the Ooinmissioner of Bail ways in framiDg the new; regulation. A deputation will wait on . the Oity Conneil this after noon to ask, their co-operation in getting a uniform tariff of a peony per ton per mile introduced, and all persons interested are invited by advertisement to meet at Brophy's hotel at half-paBt 2 o'clock. A monster deputation from Eohnca will go to Melbourne on Wednesday next, to nrge a uniform rate to and from all stations. The Echuca Chamber of Commerce invites co operation, and it ie very likely that a depu tation will .go from Ballarat to aseist in the movement. The MouBfield Guardian states that a case of BDake bite occurred last, Wednesday afternoon to MisB Agnes Mary Collar, a young lady from the Gonlburo, who is paying a viBit to Mrs Jvies ForBylh, atMaiutongoou, Miss Collar -...is In tho garden, weeding strawborri ", when she was startled by a bite onlwr i.m! up<-n taming to lookBho saw a gi't.Riiicb sohir.--,: 3-..?ke abont eighteen inoh&r.; long, With mishing presence of miu'-i, aij'i iridomnr.hH; coi'rege, she took a r- vmU pc-ii»!imfii, sharpen''.", it, and out tho poisoned part out, air .r which she bandaged .-.novo and below the . nunc, and then wont \--..o thehouae : id Id Mrs Forsyth what ii j occurred. 'i \;'j being no surgeon nearer than Mansticld, Mies Collar seized ahorse, which was .nding by, with a gentleman's saddle c-n, rind rods direct into Mansfield, a dielnrce oi ' sixteen miles. As soou as she returned there, Bhe was taken to the hospital, and Dr. Beypolds attended to her, by burn ing the wound with cauBtic. After ber long and rough ride, Miss Collar wbb qaite exhaus ted, and Miss Quirk, the matron, with assist ants, had groat difficulty in keepiugthe patient from sinking into a sleep. They persevered, however, in walking her abont tho verandah for somo hoars before allowing her to go to bed. We are happy to say tho young lady ia now qnite out ot danger, and does not feel much worse for tho trial she has undergone. The Ballarat Courier hears that theN-- tionsl Bank 'haB paid 'np the whole of the arrenrs of rent that were dne on tho Hand and Band lease, amounting to somewhere abont £1000; hut whether this will affect the recent jumping of that area 1b not stated. ' Mr Matthew Burnett is still oarrying on his crnsade against the drinking customs on Emerald Hill. The meeting on Saturday night last showed, that great interest is still - being taken in tho movement. The process!' n was headed by the Southern District Brai a Band, nnd was carried out as heretofore, except that the ronte was changed; nnd by tho time that the Orphanage reserve was reaohed, there wore net less than abont 12,000 persons present; and although the namber was so great that it must have ibeen difficult to hear the speakers on the ontslde of the orowd, still the attention WM good, and (ha utmott order prevailed. Tho lorries provided for a nlat form were crowded. The proceedings com mcnced with a selection of music from t)m Southern District Brass Band. The hon P LoDgmore, Minister of Lands, presided, niul' in a good speech expressed pleasure ho felt in being engaged with Mr Burnett in this work, and the intoreet that was boin» taken in the subject on Emorald Hill, nf was glad to hear that coffee-hoases wore likely to be established in Melbourno and ColHngwood; ho hoped the large meeting present wonld do alt thoy oould to help such a noble movement. Ho thon introduced Mr Burnett, who began his addreBB by singing one of hiB favorite BODgs, tho largo audionce singing the chorus. He said ho was much pleased with tho large nttendanee and the orderly behaviour. He bnd heard muoh of tho rowdyism of Golliugwood before bo went = there, bnt he had received nothing but kind ness. Somo one had said, Wait till yon go io i Emerald Hill ; bnt he found the same good order prevailed in his meetings at Emornld Hill aa elsewhere. He then roferrod to the work done nlrendy, Signs of good had followed their, efforis; there wore less drunkards at tho polico conns of Emerald Hill and Oollingwood. Ho then spoke of the number of pnbliohouses in Melbourno and tuburbs, whioh ho considered far out of proportion, and appealing to hia audience asked if these 1100 wereTeally required, and from the hands held up against it, this msst- iog at any rate' did not consider thiB numoer was required. The largo amount of good accomplished in tho old country by the ' establishment of places where the working men oould meet without drink was then reviewed, and the audience Btrongly urged to help the present movement of establishing offee palaces, He closed his speech by says ng that he fully believed that 5000 would ba enrolled at Emerald Hill and Sandrldee before he left, and urged npon those present to come forward and Bign the pledge, Ssb- seqnently meetings were held in the Me- chanios'.Institute and Wesleyon Schoolroom which were crowded to excess. At the' Mechanics' the Bev. W. Poole", B.W.O.T. of Victoria, presided, and gave a good opening address, Mr HiddleBtone, of BrnnBwick gave an interesting and instrnc-' tive : address, interspersed with sing, ing, to illnBtrate his subject, Mr Oallcnder then gave a recitation, "The deuth of little Nan." It was mnch appreciated, Mr Bar nctt addressed the meeting, and closed by a very earnest appeal to come arid sign the pledge, whioh was at once responded to. At tho Wesleyan aohool-room a similar meeting was held,- and a large namber of young people signed the pledge. Altoge ther for the week's work over 900 bare signed the pledge, making for the fortnight over 1500. The old .game ol bowls haB been revived at Porter's Gippsland Hotel, Wellington and Obapel Btreets, St. Kilda, aa instanced by a bowling tournament for a massive gold albeit, manufactured by Mr Goldstein, ot thiB city, wbichjcame off on Saturday evening last. A great deal of skill was manifested iu the 'play of Mr Bethel), of Collins street, who eventually tamed np the winner, after disposing of the competitors with the greatest ease. Mr Porter intends' giving a series gf contests of a similar character, and one for a silver enp will shortly be annonnoed. At the Apollo Hall last Sunday morning, Mr Alfred Miller leotnred on Dabsters Debated. The lectnre was In part a oritiqne npon the Green and .Walker debate, and an expose of modem spiritualism. -The lecturer opened a scotching fire of saroasm upon the infidel party, and attacked mediums, transe mediums, and spirit healing, with a fierceness that raised several prominent spiritualists to a white beat. Spiritualism had claimsd parallels in Scripture and history. He would suggest that they add the magicians of Egypt — denying the authority of Meaes as one — and the medicine man, robed in reptile skins and hnng with loathsome charms, as another. It claimed to be a new religion, which is a paradox, since religion ia baBed npon the eternal and unchangeable. It is in the presence of the aged we feel so noar to God, The army of the ohnrch, with solemn tread, to heavenly music, wonld best down every opposition, and scattering, like incense, in its wake a holy influence, catch npon the golden crosses which it beara the coming light of a millenial glory. That admirable drama, British Born, waa repeated at the'v Princess Theatre on Satur day evening, aqd was evidently folly en joyed by'a large andience. It was followed by a short eeneational drama, entitled War lock of the Glen, which is fall of interest and excitement. It was really well played," ahd made the entertainment a most com plete one. British Born will be repeated this evening, and it should bo remembered that it is in every way a performanoe that should be witnessed, Mies Ada Willetts, the accomplished juve nile pianiBte, will appear at the Popular Con cert at the Town Pall this evening, for the last time; The concert will be under the patronage of his Excellency Sir George Bowen and Lady Bowen, > as » special com pliment to Miss Willetts. The vocalists who aro to appear are Miss Bosina Oarandini, Mrs Onlter, Mr W. Bnsst, and Mr W, B, Far- long ; and Mr OharleB Sykes will be tho organist, as usual. At the Theatre Boyal on Saturday evening Mr Wybeit Beevo appeared in a dramatised version of Mr Wilkie Oollins's novel, Bo Borne. This version varies bnt little from the plot of the original, and displays cars Bnd judgment in tho preparation. Mr Beeve as Captain Wroggo fully sustained tho reputation which he has already acquired for himself as Count Fosoo. He played with a freshness and naturalness that were quito refreshing and fully deserved the hearty applnuso so freely awarded to him during tbe performance. The other charac ters were 1 almost without execution well played, and altogether this version afforded a very agreeable evening's enjoyment to a large audionCe, It was followed by Cool as a Cucumber, with Mr Beevo as Plumper. This likewise was admirably played. A version of Oliver Twist was produoed with much success at the Academy of Music on Saturday evening. It is not essentially different from other versions that have been prodnccd in Melbourne, but it was most powerfully played. Mr Ogden appeared as Bill Sykee, and certainly succeeded in dis playing the villainous nntnre of tho character in tho strongest possible light; so mnch so indeed, that he was several times 'hissed by the audience. Miss Beatrice as Nancy Sykes played most effectively, and Mr Frome, a recent addition to tho company, appeared to advantage as Fngin. The drama will be repeated during the week. There was again a largo attendance at St George's Hall on Saturday evening, whan tho. United Btstcs Minstrels . repented their clover performances. Tho samo programme will be given this evening, Mr D'Aroy Bead's Ghost entertainment again nttrncted n large audience on Satur day evening at Iho Athemonm Hall, and no usual crented the deepest ami'semen1'. The entertainment is repeated every evening. 