MMM .J&OTB; MM* BS THK ATTTBOB of *.« MBBBW OF TBE KB* CHAPTER XXL ? The whole -& the*-llowlWL\d»yt Bxe«lt ?' »°2 ^sisthie dSr. to «e en* *»« «*? «J that something beat known to^^LJLKld complete barrier to such happy and «k. 7°rr~,d intercourse as Dora herself was prepares . vu' - '' t this being the case, be was merely acting *YjZ ?while Dora was exhibiting all her natural mk ?' ?was only now.cn the spot that he could reau how solitary her outer life hadlwsen, and how com ?pletely bar -imagination had gained the ascendant, ?rad stood her in the staad to ordinary companion* ship. Ingannoos, innocent, and enthusiastic, sue threw open to him that inner temple ot.heraon) of which he was the hiEh priest, the dictator, con troller and sustainer of the thoughts, emotions, and aspirations, with which it was filled. Everywhere with D jra, in the house and oat, he met with some reminiscence of himself. He had never been absent from her, and in his ideal presence she had always been happy. To him ehe avowedly owed that power of conversing readily, for though abssnt iff tbe flesh she iad held communion with him con tinually, and so tept her mind clear and'bright. She bad watched his course, glorying inhisjjenius, and taking to herself the proud privilege of bask ing in tbe growing light of his renown. She bad felt around her the protecting power of his love, and her heart in return bad jealously guarded for him the fullest measure of its devotion and tender ness. If alithis was to be regretted for her own sake, the blame lay chiefly with himself. He had condemned her to an unnatural life, out of which in self-defence she had shaped a more satisfactory life for herself, based chiefly upon delusions, and destined from its very nature to fade from ber at rhe first touch of realities. As a matter of course, Sir Hichard'neither did nor'could so far disentangle himself from the associations of his own life, a6 to «nter into a full understanding of her very excep tional one. Thus it did not strike him atfirst,tbf,t ?wbat appeared exaggerated and sentimental to him -was not so at all in her view of it. The unreal that formed so large a part of her life, had stood her in place of tbe real, and as such she accepted it. He was no mere creature of tfie imagination to her, either, for the bad been brought into close contact with his proper self, with his heart and his mind, nearly ever since ehe could remember anything ; ana her mind was not naturally weak but rather healthy robust, and largely endowed with good tense as well as good feeling. Hence she never ueed the language of exaggeration, but conveyed her impressions clearly, eimply.and straight to the point, so that ber wonders were a truthful ex pression of the truth as it lay within hersolf; and this sincerity, as genuine as it was artless, con stituted the charm of which he was conscious, but to which . he was cot inclined to yield iu the slightest degree. He did see that to strip her life of tbe interest it held only in and through iiim, would he to leave it very desolate. He caw clearly to what extent the revelation that must be made to ber was calculated -o shake, and altogether change her present rela tion with himself. He had come with the ex press purpose of making this revelation, and now he found that he was powerless to carry it out. Eacfrtime that Sir fiichard and Dora returned from their several iallyings into tbe park. Miss Boderbj' examined the latter's countenance with trepidation, lout aavTxaatittng to lo«d bwiowippoM (.hot the tale had bean told. Dora, indeed, looked jnaie brightly beautiful than ever ; and it was ijloin to see that her heart was over flowing with lappinese.- Once or twice she had herself wondered when be would begin the promised history, but it was enough fo; ber that he hud promised it, and ber interest in tbe past was not sufficiently strong 10 make, her restless. In nothing had she given such- proof of her entire and happy reliance on Sir JBicbard, as in this ? tranquil ecquiescense in hie; desire to keep the past from her knowledge during his individual pleasure; and in her perfect trust as to the satisfactory suture of whatever Jay in his keeping. She had a natural longing to learn something of the parents lost to her so early ; but she never thought of questioning the w.xedom or the kindness of the motives for silanea entertained by on« who had well supplied to hot the tenderness. and tbe pro tection of -which sbs had been bereft uir Richard's countenance, however, betrayed a good deal of his inward disturbance, and Miss Enderby was not sorry to perceive tfhftt, for once, his strong heart ?was failing him. She saw that he felt deeply for Dora, and that a repugnance to his self-imposed task had come upon him suddenly. He was a difi'erantperson now to the Richard tirimsbaw who 'had rashly tak en upon himself' the charge of a nameless foundliug, fettering hiniBelf with obligations and responsibilities, and taking into his hands the whole fashioning of a human destiny without considering tbe weight and solemnity of the dutieB he had assumed.' So far he had held to his purpose with characteristic persistency and honour; heh&& exhibited' no disposition tof&lter; till be found himself in Dora's presence ; but now the time had come in Whtah to test his discretion, his stedfastness, and capability of carrying out whatever purpose he bad contemplated in tbe further disposition of Dora. It was an Immense satisfaction to Hiss Enderby to feel assured that he was not entirely satisfied -with himself. He came into the house after their last ramble to gether, prolonged till after giayligbt, looking so pale sad disordered that Miss Enderby was alarmed. Dora had gone upstairs, and Miss Enderby was alone in the drawing-room when he entered it He seated himself at tbe table, lean ing his elbows on it, and dropping bis face on Iks lands, end so remained for several minutes in silence. She feared to question aim, but at length cried out in desperation,— 'JZicuaid! what hare you dona with our poor child P' There was grief, reproach, tenor, ia her tone, Bndhe felt that the later love forced on her by himself had -displaced him in the heart from which that almost accusatory cry had pro ceeded. .'..'.. 'Good God, how dreadful all this is!' he ex claimed, starting to Mb feet * I have done, eaid, nothing. Wbat has become of Horton P lie had betrayed the soreness that was in his heart by not mentioning Mr. Horton't name till now— not anger or indifference, as Miss Enderby had suspected. ' You bare eaid nothing toiDore, then f ?Nothing,1- Ebe breathed freely again. ' Horton was here yesterday, and I can tell youihe has felt the cool ness between you very much. He did not come again, not knowing that you would receive him; but he .said, ' Tall him that I have a foolish long ing to see him. Just his old self, you Bee. You in the -nine ciicometanoes would have carried it with a high head and prmished yourself.' ?I don't like being punished, either,' ctid Sir Ekbsrd, pacing about restlessly. ' Ia your groom reliable f . My servant is a stranger here, and I want to send a note to Horton.' ' Tom tbe groom it not reliable. Tou've been BDgaged ever mnceyotfye been here, and I didn't like to disturb you, or I should have told you about Tom before now. He wont go through the park except in daylight. He declares that be saw b ghost the other night— her ghost, you know — sad be made quite a etir amongst tbe servants about it, and Dora heard two of the maid* talking it over, and she'll vf act to know whose ghuet they supposed it to he.' :no matter. It is about Dora fiiat Iwtaitoses Horton. You most make my excuse fornotap pearingetdinEarto-dayjl am engaged with busi ness. Ana be good enough to send Bob to me in the libjary. lean telyon Bob, f know.' Bob whose -wit jnst earred toroakehim attached' end faithful, was proud and pleased to know that EirEiehardwouldftrustBO one but himielf. He ce^£-ff indth) tbe ^determination of not returning. ffiSS^^f.^ffifeP -i'bouglt IP bis opinion Mr. Horton did not deserve ts'i» summons), and after TOl.ttsgan.baur for Ms tvpeuawce «t home Use t—o ; -esehed Fulwood toget&sr.; ' ,. -V:.' . j* „ w not -without emotion on both sides that the two v^4 friends met after iucb a laps* ofyeare. Their han»- lingered in a hearty grasp, and they surveyed e** other with, interest;. ? ^STet much, changed/ was Si* BlohMift first observation. ' stouter peihaps, and ^uite as hearty as ever. Time g&ouUi;&ave; passed smoothly with you Horton ' 'Never trust to ?ppeuntneas,' said M& H.M*an, ?If trophies could show on me you would bvn sometbtagelsetosav; b»'t such a fellow as I Am wUlfattWonanythins. You look just twhst yon are— the .wcceastul and eaiisried man.' ' Wrong again. Success laadsa man with oblige-' tious and dtodans in him the sense of satisfaction. Ja»t now I,»m aoything but svjisfted. I eeot fos Sau in order- to make, a c-ffif«8eVon. I have acted keafool.' ?HereF ?Yes, here.' 'Iexpecte6?tohear youifficknowleage as much some day, but not yet. However, its some thing.' 'What is something F ' To know that you have been a fool.' Jlr. Horton looked as independently easy and careless as ever, as he leaned back In Us chair, with his thumb in bis waistcoat-pocket, .and Dora's pre served rose in his button-bole. ?Psha! the fact is, I find myaelf?in-a dilemma, Htwton, and I am driven toeeekjoin- couneel. You have no need to thank me, you gee.' *V'e all the same. Seventeen yeaw ago, when I ?stein as well have tried to change tb-9 course of a whirl* ''-?? 1 Protested against the course you tosSr nk ''ply because it was your hnnionr to defy tbe wori* '8 opinion. TVas I right, antl ?were you ' le whaiv I -H° tuen bz^ to to donenov^ I should ' Oh f T*a y-. ws aK° when I would have jnleased vou from a cb«, 'e Qet, in the end, might prove a areat burden, my friendly intentions: only Inspired you with disgust Was 1 right thenf 'Bight! to the olevil with you;!' cried Sir Kicivwd, with all his c'd impetuosity. ' B'SJnt in proposiagto bring me in collision w.iththat loath some bound, Palmer 1 by W of Beelring a favour, too ! Kigto in supposing that I could yield up a child in my charge to th-e debasing influences oi such a contact with everything meen, vile, and dishonest! I thought yoA mad at the time: are you sane now? \- 'Upon my word I'm not quiVe suret; one trouble or another hsA played the deuc» 'with me/Bsid Mr. Horton, passing his hand across hisfwebead. 41 1 was liiad nt first in supposing that you would JivstoTDgretLaTinc. taken upon y. »melt so great a responsibility, and afterwards in U«lbi« toat Dora heiBelf was growing up much after the fashion o; a sheep whose end is slaughter, A may bo mad ' ?'fou're bit cu it at last. I came luwe intending to dia -lose all to Bora, and seeing her hat made a coward of me. I find ttat the truth woiold ie very dreadful to her.' ' I 8&J3; that you hBve acquired sotae g*aee— parJon my bluntness. ShV has been bBouglit up. with high notions, and she is' naturally SMBUine. You have raised ber to a grear height, and *e end must be a terrible coming down* WeU, 1 taresaw all UU6.' , ..... 1 1 never knew you wera such a croaker tus-now, HortoB.' ? I am a very raven ; it has become the busnnees, of my life to croak. You admit, I suppose that she ought to have been enlightened long ago ? ' Never at Futwood. I could not luwe told her all and kept her hare, where ber history is known to everybody, and where no one-Tvui notice ber. What I regret most is baring placed her at Fulwooa.* 'Then you cannot acijciiint bn with tlw facts, and keep her here now F ' That is tbs greBt difficulty : I cannot. Undei Btand, once for all, that I have never regretted that first act of taking her under my protection. It is now some years since I formed my Soal plans is speetinfi her. In corresponding witli her, I dis covered that her intellect was of a very high order, that it was worth cultivating to the utmost, oa^a-ie U»o turnout al wy ojm tiorrer, hy Ouppij'iOC her with books and directing and testing bet studies, I aided the development of her exbWordi nary powers af mind. There was nothing Biogula* in her progress, gifted as she was. Sbe devoted ber life to it, having nothing to distract her at tention, and baring— what appears to have been a strong motive with her — a desire to satisfy and pleafe me. Thus fitted for intelligent society, it was my intention, when sbe became of proper age, to remove her to my own home, where she would become tc me a daughter indeed, and find for her self congenial companionship iu an entirely new scene, and Bmidpoopeto whom herhietory would be unknown. I knew that 1 should never many, and the prosoeet of forming this one household tie was pleasant to me, I came here with the in tention of carrying out this plan. Had it been feasible, could even you have found aqy fauit with it f ' It sounds we!l ; but I decline to express an opinion,' mid Mr. Horton, with a slight sbwg of his shoulders. ? While contemplating this great change for her, I did not (eel my task to be such a difficult: one,' continued Sir Richard. ' I had never seen Dora; I did not expect tu fled her what she is; and the knowledge. I now have of hw extraordinary beautv altocether alters and embarrasses tbe case.' ' What has the beauty to do with it ?' said Mr. Horton dryly. ' Anywhere out in the world it would drag her into notoriety. Beautifully and Intel 'ectaally gifted as ehe is, she needs only ambition to be come one o5 tbe noted women of her time. If I now took ber, as I proposed, ehe would speeoHly be surrounded by admirers ; I should be besieged by claimants to ber hand ; and curiosity and self interest would uniie to drag forth her history. I should myself find none of tbe peace on which I had calculated ; I have not the necessary time to devote to her in the midst of great perils, not the least of which to herself would be the admitting aay special love t& ber heart. Her birth will be a complete bar to any uiatrimoniBl project, and as such she v. ill herself regard it. You Bee tbe diffi culties are besetting and all terrible 1' ' From ali I can make out, she's only fit to be knocked on tbe head and made sn end of,' eaid Mr. fiorton. ' 'What do you intend to dp, thenP ' I cannot decide,' said Sir Richard, pushing his fingers through Mb abundant hair, and looking, as he was, at his wits' tad. * Beautiful and gifted, ay, and good too, sbe is clinging -with her warm heart to all around ber, and thinking least of her self] As t cannot give her a home with myself I cannot tear her from her present borne — it would be cruel. There's only one way left, Horton/ io continued; starting op and pacing the floor. ' Some, one, yourself, if you don't mind it (aad I had rather it Was you than one of the women), must tell her all, anil give her tbe choice of two alter natives ; either to remain here — being the destined inheritor of all I . possess anywhere— or to go abroad and travel under such competent protec tion as I would provide for her. The sentence seems hard cow it is uttered, but I see nothing else.' His evident great admiration of Dora, bis obvious disorder, and even his anxiety to be rid of her, together put an odd thought into Mr. Horton 'e mind. The thought was that Sir Richard bsd fallen violently in love with Dora himself, and that he distrusted himself in oonsequence, feeling as much as anyone elss could 'the stigma of ber birth. Fallen in love with a daughter of John Palmer! What a climax of horroi^it would be for him when he cauie to know it ! in this worst extremity ot all, Mr. Horton felt; bound to help, him with his whole he.art and soul. ' . 'If you can trust me I will take 'th«- task upon myself willingly,' be said; and the fa» it is, Grim shaw, you could not select a more proper person. Dora and I have always been the best' of friends, and her history is not quite Euch a blanV- to me as it is to others.' £ir Jlichard came to a sudden stand, sv-d fixed his eye? searchingly on, Mr. Horton ; to^ blood rushed to his face, crimsoning it all over. ' in Heaven's name what do you mean P he ex claimed. ' I mean just what I' say,' raid Mr. Uo.-rton, coolly. 'I have nothing^to'tell you, soyouUeed aotquestionioe;-butas sure as you arestanaing there I could, ,st ens moment, 'point my fingeritow Dora's father/1' '~ -'?* ? cp!reT Sir Eichird seemed. Wha J»triffi*d; the flush faded out of hit facerieayingfif pale\as' death, 'He 