HORACE GREELY AND \- BRIGHAM YOUNG .... THE MORTLtN LEADER'S VIEWS. lHorace Greeley's noted interview with Brigham Young was reported by himself as follows. It took place in qS58, when Mr. Greeley was on his way to California. It will be seen ~that Young's replies give, in a con densed form, the teachings of the Mormon Church : My friend, Dr. 'Bernhisel, MI. 0., took me this afternoon, by appoint ment, to meet Brigham Young, President of the Mormon Church, who had expressed a willingness to receive me at 2 p.m. We were very cordially welcomed at the door by the President, who led us into the second-story parlor of the largest of his houses (he has thrde), where I was introduced to Heberi C. Kimball. Gtn. Wells, Gen. Fergusson, Albert Carringcon, Elias Smith, and several thereading __men in the church, with two full-grown sons of the President. After some unimportant conversation, on general topics, I stated that I had come in quest of fuItrknowledge respecting the doc trines and polity of thle Mormon Church, and would like to ask some questions bearing directly on these, if there were no objection. President Young, avowing his willingness to all pertinent inquiries, the conver sation proceeded, substantially as follows: H. G.-Am I to regard Mormonism (so- called) as a new religion, or as simply a new development of Chris tianity ? B. Y.-We hold that there can be ?-atrue Christian-Church--without. priesthood directly commissioned by and in immediate communication with the Son of God and Saviour of mankind. Such a Church is that of the Latter-Day Saints, called by their enemies Mormons. We know no other that even pretends to have present and direct revelations of God's H. G.-Then I am to understand that you regard all other churches professing to be Christian as the church of Rome regards all churches not in communion with itself-as schismatic, heretical, and out of the way of salvation ? B. Y. -Yes, substantially. H. G.-Apart from this, in what respect do your doctrines differ essen tially from those of our orthodox Protestant Churches-the .Baptist or Methodist, for example ? B. Y.-We hold the doctrines of Christianity as revealed in the Old and-New Testaments, also in the Book of Mormon, which teaches the same cardinal truths, and those only. H. G.-Do you believe in the doc trine of the Trinity? B. Y.-We do; but not exactly as it is held by other churches. We bblieve in the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, as equal, but not identical -not as one. person (bein,). We believe in all the Bible teache~ on this subject. H. G.-Do you believe in a per sonal Devil, a distinct, conscious, spiritual being, whose nature and acts are essentially malignant and evil? B. Y.-We do. H, G.-Do you hold the doctrine of eternal punishment? B. Y.-We do; though perhaps not exactly as other churches do. We -eieve it as the-Bible-teaches it. H. G.-I understand that you re gard baptism by immersion as es sential ? B. Y.-We do. H. G.-Do you practise infant bap tism ? B. Y.-No. H. G.-Do lou make removal to these valleys obligatory on your con verts-? B. Y.-They would consider them selves greatly aggrieved if they were not invited hither, We hold to such a gathering together of God's people as the Bible foretells, and that this is the place, and now is the time ap pointed for its consummation. H. G.-The predictions to which you refer have usually, I think, been understood to indicate Jerusalem (or Judea) as the place of such gather ing ? B. Y.-Yes, for the Jews; not for others. H. G.--What is the position of your church with respect to slavery ? B. Y.-We consider it of Divine institution, and not to be abolished until the curse pronounced on Ham shall have been removed from his descendants. H. G.-Are any slaves now held in this Territory? B. Y.-There are. H. G.-Do your territoral laws up hold slavery? B. Y.--Those laws are printed you can read for yourself. If slaves are brought here by those who owned them in the States, we do not favour their escape from the service of those owners. H. G.-Am I to infer that Utah, if admitted as a member of the Federal Union, will be a slave State ? B. Y.-No; she will be a free State. Slavery here would prove useless and unprofitable. I regard it generally as a curse to the masters. I myself hire many laborers, and pay them ifair wages; I could not afford to own them. I can do better than subject myself to an obligation to feed and .,lothe their families, to provide and care for them in sickness and health. btah is not adapted to slave labor. H. G.-Let me now be enlightened with regard more especially to your ci~irch polity; -I understand that you require each member to pay over one tenth of all he produces or earns to the church. B. Y.-Thatie a requirement of our faith. There is no compulsion-as-to the payment. Each member acts in the premises according to his pleasure, under the dictates of his own con science. H. G.-What is done with the proceeds of this tithing ? B. Y.-Part of it is devoted to building temples and other places of worship; part to helping the poor and needy converts on their way to this country; and the largest portion to the support of the poor among the Saints. H. G.-Is none of it paid to bishops and other dignitaries of the church ? B. Y.-Not one penny.bNobishop, no elder, no deacon, or other church officer, receives any compensation for his official services. A bishop is often required to put his hand in his own pocket, and- provide 4herefrom for the poor of his charge; but he never receives anything for his ser vices. H. G.-How then do your ministers live ? B. Y.-By the labor of their own hands, like the first apostles. Every bishop, every elder, may be daily seen at work in the field or the shop, like his neighbors; every minister of the church has his poorer calling, by which h? earn a-the-breadoflhis-famiLy_ he who cannot or will not do the church's work for nothing is not wanted in her service; even our lawyers (pointing to Geo. Ferguson and another present,) who are the regular lawyers of the church are paid nothing for their services; I am the only person in the church who has not aregular calling apart from the church's service, and I never received one farthing from her treasury; if I obtain anything from the tithing-house I am charged with and pay for it, just as any one else would; the clerks in the tithing-store, are paid like other clerks, bat no one is ever paid for any service pertaining to the ministry. We think a man who cannot make his living aside from the ministry of Christ unsuited to that office. I am called rich, and consider myself worth 250,000 dole. but no dollar of it was ever paid me by the church, or for any service as a minister of the ever lasting gospel. I lost nearly all I had when we were broken up in Missouri, and driven from that State. I was nearly stripped again when Joseph Smith was murdered, and we were driven from Illinois; but notning was ever made up to me by the church, nor by any one. I be lieve I know how to acquire property, and how to take care of it. H. G.-Canyougive me any ra tional explanation of the aversion and hatred by which, your people are generally regarded by those among whom they have lived, and with whom they have been brought directly in contact?-- - B. Y.-No other explanation than is afforded by the crucifixion of Christ and the kindred treatnient of God's ministers, prophets andsaints in all ages H. G.-I know that a new sect is always descried and traduced ; that it is hardly ever deemed respectable to belong to one; that the Baptists, Quakers, Methodists, Universalists, &c.;, have each in their turn been re garded, in the infancy of their sect, as theoffscouring of the earth; yet I cannot remember that either of themwere ever generally represented and: regarded by the older sects of their early days, as thieves, robbers, murderers. B. Y.-If you will consult the con temporary Jewish accounts of the life and acts of Jesus Christ, you will find that He and His disciples were accused of every abominable deed and purpose, robbery and murder included. Such a work is still extant and may be found by those who seek it. H. G.-What do you say of the so called Danites, or destroying Angels, belonging to your church? B. Y.--What do you say? Iknow of no such band, no such persons or organization. I hear of them only in the slanders of our enemies. H. G.-With regard, then, to the grave question on which his doc trines and practices are avo vedly at war with those of the Christian .world -that of a plurality of wives-is the system of your church acceptable to the majority of its women? B, Y.-They could not be more averse to it than I was when it was first re.vealedto me as the Divine will I think they general-ly-accept-it-as- 1 do, as the will of God. H. G.-How general is polygamy among you ? B. Y.-I could not say. Some of those present (heads of the Church) have each not one wife; others have more, each :determines what is his individual duty. H. G.-What is the largest number of wives belonging to any one man ? SB.Y.-I have fifteen; I know no one who has more; but some of those sealed to me are old ladies whom I regard rather as mothers than wives, but whom I have taken home to cherish and support.. H. G.~-Does not the Apostle Paul say that a bishop should be husband ofone wife? * B. Y.-So we hold. We do not regard any - but a married man as fitted for the office of bishop. But the Apostle does not forbid a bishop having more wives than one. E. G.-Does not Christ say that he who puts away his wife, or marries one whom another has put away, com mits adultery ? B. Y.-Yes, and I hold thatno mEa should-ever- putawneya wife ex cept for adultery-not alwa-ys-even-for that. Such is my individual view of the matter. I do not always say that wives have never been put away in oux church, bat that Ido not approve of their practice. IH. G.-- How do you regard what is commonly termed the Christian Sab bath ? B. Y.-As a divinely appointed day ofrest. We enjoin all to rest from secular labor on that day. We would have no man enslaved to the Sabbath, but we enjoin all to respect and enjoy it.--N. 1. lFeekldy Tribune. 