IV.—RELIGIOUS. CONSECRATION OF ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. The 29th of June, 1869, was a memorable day in the history of the Church of England in this Diocese, it being the occasion of the laying of the foundation-stone of St. Peter's Cathedral by His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, bnt tbe Ist of January, 1878—the Feast of the Cir cumcision—was a still more memorable one, as it witnessed the consecration, with the fullest rites and ceremonies of the Anglican Church and with the assistance of two reverend pre lates from Victoria, of a Cathedral Church where the worship of the Almighty will be free to all who choose to enter and worship Him, apart from such hindrances as or dinarily operate to a great extent in pre venting many from entering tbe House of God. For many years His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide regarded the want of a Cathedral Chnrch as one of the most pressing wants of bis diocese, and be lost no opportunity of hastening the erection of such a building. He worked most strenuously in tbe cause, and it must be a matter of sincere congratulation to bim tbat his efforts have been crowned with success. The Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge gave £1,000 to wards the fond, and a similar sum was bequeathed by the late Captain Allen. Sir James Fergusson gave £50 a year during bis term of office, and considerable sums were added to tbe fund by several colonists of standing, and tbe balance required was raised by general subscriptions. The land on which the Cathedral stands, at the corner of Pennington-terrace and the road leading to North Adelaide, was pur chased for £1,000, and enclosed with an orna mental brick and stone wall. The plans were prepared by Mr. .Butterfield, the eminent Eng lish architect, but in erecting the present portion of the building Mr. Woods, of tbe firm of Woods & McMinn, who has had the super in tendance_of the work, bas bad, in conse quence of the alterations in the materials used and for other reasons, to provide altogether fresh drawings and supply tbe details. The present building includes the chancel, the choir, the transepts, and one bay of the nave. When the whole of tbe design is finished tbe building will be 172 feet in length internally, exclusive of the porch, and 202 feet externally. The width of the nave and aisles is 59 feet between the walls, and the nave itself 32 feet 9 inches from centre to centre of tbe columns. Tbe height of tbe walls to the plate is 52 feet, and the ridge 95 feet. Messrs. Brown _ Thompson were the con tractors at a cost of over £15,000, and it is cal culated that an additional £20,000 will be required to-complete tbe original design. As we have already stated, the foundation-stone was laid by Sir James Feigusson on the 29th June, 1869; and by the 30th March, 1876, the building was so far completed as to allow of its being opened free of debt. On that day a short thanksgiving service was con ducted by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide. Since then services have been regu ■ larly br Id, and tbe interior properly furnished and made quite suitable for pnblie worship. Oa Sunday, the 30th December last, an octave or eight days' festival was commenced with full choral services, and on the morning of that day the sermon was preached by the Bight Reverend Dr. Moorbouse, Bishop of Melbourne, the ser n.on at evensong being preached by the Right Reverend Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat. On Monday. December 3__, matins aud evensong were celebrated. Up to half-past 9 on Tuesday morning a large number of persons were admitted by ticket, and at that hour the front door of the Cathedral was thrown open and the spacious -building was soon crowded, a number of persons having to stand. At 10 o__ ck the Cathedral choir and the clergy walked in procession from the vestry to the principal door of tbe Cathedral and along the centre aisle, singing tbe 3.oth Hymn, "Brightly gleams our banner," to tbe organ transept, where the choristers took their seats, andthe clergy p'atsed on to tbe seats on the lower gradual of the Sanctuary. The Dean and Chapter, who had robed in the chapter vestry .also entered and took their seats. The Bishops robed in the Bishop's ves_y. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, attended by bis chaplain bearing his pastoral staff, took his place in the centre of the upjer gradual of tbe Sanctuary with their Lordships the Bishops of Melbourne and Bal larat on bis right and left. Tbe Bishop of Ade laide commenced tbe service by saying tiie first verse "of tbe 24th Psalm—"Domini est terra," the clergy and choir chanting the remainder. The Bishop's Registrar, Mr. H. S. Anthony, ac companied by the Bishop's Vicar, tbe Bey. Dr. Dendy, then presented to His Lordship the deeds of conveyance and trusts of tbe building, which he placed upon the Holy Table. He then began tbe Consecration Service, which included the following prayers :—*• Dearly beloved in the Lord : for as much as devout and boly men, as well under the law as under the Gospel, moved either by tbe secret ixspiration of the Holy Spirit or by tbe express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of the natural decency of things, bave erected bouses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane and common uses, in order to fill _ en_ minds with greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and affect their hearts with note devotion and humility in His service; which pious works bave been approved of and gracicusly accepted by our Heavenly Father: Let ns not doubt but tbat He will also favor ably a. prove our godly purpose of setting at art in solemn manner this place for the several offices of religious worship, and let us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertaking, and say—O eternal God, mighty in power and of majesty incompre hensible, whom the heaven of heavens cannot contain, much less the walls of temples mad with bands, and who yet hast been graciously jlcased to promise Thy especial presence in whatever p!ace even two or three of Thy faithful servants shall assemble in Thy name to offer up their praises and supplications unto Thee. Vouchsafe, O Lord, to bs present with us who are here gathered together, with all humility and readi ness of heart, to consecrate this place to tbe honor of Tl.y great name, separating it from hecceforth from all unhallowed, ordinary, and common uses, and dedicating it to Thy service, for reading Thy Holy Word, tot celebrating Thy Holy Sacraments, for offering to Thy Glorious Majesty the sacrifice of prayer and thanksgiving, for blessing Thy people in Thy Name, and for the performance of all other Holy Ordinances. Accept, O Lord, this service at our bands, and bless it with such success as may tend most to Thy glory, and the fur therance of our happiness both temporal and spiritual, through Jesus Christ our Blessed Lord and Saviour—Amen." The following sentence of consecration was then read by the Very Rev. the Dean of Ade laide, and was delivered by the Bishop to the Registrar to be preserved in the Registry of the Dk.se:— "In the name of God. Amen. " Whereas by the voluntary gifts and offerings of divers members of tbe Chnrch of England and others, as well aa of the Society for Pro moting Christian Knowledge, this building has . been erected as part of the Cathedral Chnrch of tbe Diocese of Adelaide, and furnished for divine service—Now we, Augustus, by divine permission Bishop of Adelaide, do by our ordinary ecd episcopal authority consecrate it to tbe worship of Almighty God tbe Father, the Son, aud the Holy Ghost, to be celebrated according to the doctrine, formula ries, rites, aud ceremonies of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania, and we do hereby dedicate it as the Cathedral Chare, of St. Peter in the City of Adelaide, separating it from also profane and common uses. *• Signed and published in the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, Adelaide, this Ist day of January, in the year aj>. 1878, and in the 31st ot our consecration. "A. Adelaide. (LS.) " Entered—H. S. Anthony, Registrar, Diocese of Adelaide." Tbe 215 th Hymn—"He is the Head ot the Body, the Church," was then sung, after which Matins were commenced by the Bishop's Vicar, the First Lesson— 1 Kings viii., 22-62 (inclusive) being read by Archdeacon Dove, and the Second Lesson Hebrews z, 19, 25, inclusive, by Canon J!tar. The following were the proper Psalms:—l_j_d_ ("Quam dilee-a"),c____ ("Loetatussum"), and cxxxii. ("Mementodomine"). After the.third collect for Grace, the anthem, "I will give thanks," was sung, and the Bishop then began the service of tbe Holy Communion; and after the NiceneCreed the 74th hymn—"That God in all things may be glorified"—was sung, and the Epistle- Ephesians iL, 13—was read by the Archdeacon ; and tbe Gospel—S. John ii., 13-18 —by Canon Coombs. His Lordship tbe Bishop of- Melbourne then preached the Consecration sermon, taking for bis text tbe third verse of the sixth chapter of Isaiah—"And one cried unto another, and said, Holy, Holy, Holy, is the Lord of Hosts: the whole earth is fall of His glory." He said:— There is good reason for believing that the 6th chapter of Isaiah coutains the history of the prophet's call to his office; and is thus, if not the first published, at any rate tbe first revealed of his inspired visions. In the year that King Uzziah died, while yet the aged monarch lay in a lazar- house awaiting in shame tbe day of his rapidly approaching death, Isaiah (according to Jewish tradition) bis youthful cousin, became suddenly "in the spirit." Pon dering perhaps the peaceful prosperous past, tbe doubtful darkling future, it pleased God to show bim a remarkable vision. So far as we can gather—judging from certain independent features ef tbe symbolism—tbe scene of it was not the earthly, but the heavenly temple. We find ourselves transported to some mighty star-doomed ball, in the midst of which is a throne, " high and lifted np." Upon this is seated the Lord God of Israel, clad in a glorious robe—the skirts or train of it spread abroad so amply tbat, as far as the prophet can see, tbey cover the floor of the Temple. The only other occupants of this vast celestial palace are tiie floating forms of the seraphim. Each of these heavenly beings, upborne on two mighty ex tended pinions, hovered continually in mid-air, around the throne and above the outspread robe of God. Two other wing? be folded over his face, and with two more be bid hisfeet from the gloiy of God's mantle. These composite forms of the hovering seraphim form a feature of this sacred symbolism as mysterious at first 6ight as it is important. Light we shall find will be thrown on its meaning by certain explanatory additions to it which are fur nished in the 4th chapter of the book of the Revelation, where indeed it is substantially repeated. There, as in tbe text, we have pre sented the emerald-circled throne and the six winged seraphim, the august Divine Presence and the resounding antiphonal Ter-sanctus with which.tbat Presence is adored. There, how ever, we find besides what is absent in the earlier vision — tiie four-and-twenty elders enthroned as representatives of the Chnrch around tbe throne of the victorious Lamb. I liave said tbat this addition to tiie symbolism is to be regarded as explanatory, and I believe that a careful consideration wfll chow it to be so; for, first, we have here, it will be seen, symbolical representatives of all wbo are actually sharers of the new life of Christ—tbe Lord Jesus, its source and centre; and __ redeemed Chnrch, its subjects and participators. No other can actually partake of this life besides these two, far only these two bave any part in that mystical body with in which it dwells. What room thenis there, it may be asked, for additional symbolism ? Of whom or of what can the forms ef the seraphim be significant ? Let your thoughts rest devoutly for a moment on the form and position of these figures, and I think yon will not find it difficult to decide. In form the seraphim, or " living ones," are composite—they are made up, that is to say. of parts and organs taken from various creatted objects, and as such are obviously better adapted for representing ideas than personali ties. They bave the strength of the lion, the patience of the ox, the swiftness of tbe eagle, and the spirituality of the man. Tea, they are I throughout inspirited," full of eyes without and I within," of the pervading incessant alertness of divine insight. Tbeir name is** the living ones," those wbo are " pure essential life." And to this character their position corresponds not less than tbeir appearance. At first this position seems extremely puzzling, for they are said to be both in the midst of the throne and round abont the throne both in tbe position of the Lord and of the Chnrch. What then is it, let ns ask, which is common to the Lord and to the Church? What is it which, while it sits on the throne with Him, at the same time surrounds tbe throne in the persons of His adoring people? Can there be a moment's doubt ? What can it be, but that redemptive life, which centred in Him, is communicated to them, through preaching, through sacrament, through prayer? Can we not see, then, why the Cherubim are called " the living ones f and why in form they are such as to represent the excellent qualities of the life divine ? It is because they are ideal forms; because they represent the divine life in idea, nnembodied and unrealised, even as the Lamb and the Elders represent its realization and personification in tbe Lord and his mem bers. But what is the use, you may ask, of such a symbolism? What difficulty does it make clearer to us ? or, what important idea does it enable ns more clearly to express? Let me endeavor to show yon. Suppose that we de- Sired to represent in a vivid and striking form tbe character of that divine life which we derive from onr Blessed Redeemer, how could this best be done ? We would not reverently attribute its characteristic form, or assign ite distinctive utterance to the Redeemer Himself, seeing that He is more and greater than the life He won for ns. Neither eonld we appro priately represent the essential qualities of this life in the words or person of a saint or elder, seeing that tbe very best and greatest of these is worse and leas than tbe life which was given to him. If, then, for any reason it be desirable to represent the essential character of the life of Christ it is clear that a separate and imper sonal symbolism must be employed for the purpose. But is this ever desirable ? Certainly on such an occasion as this. When we are assem bled to set apart this noble building to the perpetual worship of Almighty God, it is well before joining in those sacred forms, those spirit stirring songs with which we are so familiar, to ask ourselves what they mean, and whether tbey be the fittest forms in which we could utter onr praises and aspirations to God. Sub stantially, then, our question amounts to this— what is the highest ideal ot Christian worship, and what is tbe worthiest form of its expres sion ? Christian worship, I answer, is the voice of the Christian life ottering its deepest and holiest feelings before the throne of God. What then is the highest form of that utterance? We shall learn its highest form if only we can hear (what seems at first sight an impossi bility) the voice of that life in that situation untroubled by a single taint of tiie per sonal imperfection of its partakers. Bat now Isaiah and St. John enable ns to hear this, for the voice of the seraphim of " tiie I living ones" is the pure incessant out-breathing of the life of Christ, as it rises to the ear of tbe Father undiminished in volume by the limitations of ignorance, and untroubled in har mony by tbe discords of earthliness and sin. And what then is the utterance of this life?— the f nil outbreathing of this life e—_*??l_ as it 1 swells forth eternally from tbe earth, and the heavens, and the throne of God. Listen, my . brethren listen to the wondrous sounds which broke on tbe ear of the rapt priphet at Patmos at Jerusalem—"Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which is, and which was, and wfaich is to come; the whole earth if full of His glory." Higher than that the voice of worship is unable to rise; it is the very floodtide of adoration and praise. When onr worship ap proaches the rapture, the intentness, the holy unconsciousness of that, it approaches to the perfect adoration of Heaven. And as a matter of fact when the life of her Ascended Redeemer first filled the heart of the expectant Church with unmeasured Pentecostal abundance, it burst forth through the weak barrier of the flesh like a mighty river, pouring itself through all the channels of human expression in one vast floodtide of praise. It struck thus the heavenly keynote of public worship for the Church of God and ever since those days, century after century, the Church bas felt herself the earthly organ of that Pentecostal spirit—standing in the midst of the earth as the visible body of Christ bound, yea impelled by the Holy Spirit within her, to celebrate in the midst of a mocking, blaspheming world, the majesty of her Re deemer—God; takiug good beed that in the great confluence of tbo.e tides of praise which swell upwards to God's throne from every pro vince of creation, the tribute of earth, of earth tbe favored and redeemed, shall not be utterly unworthy of tbe love it celebrates, so that if heaven sings to earth, " Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength and glory and blessing," the Chnrch shall be found ready to catch up and re- echo the cry, " Blessing and honor, and glory and power, be unto Him that sitteth on the throne and unto the Lamb for ever and ever—yea, so that the earthly elders (when they hear the Ter sanctus of the living ones) shall cry with their heavenly brethren—"casting down tbeir golden crowns upon the glassy eea"—"Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honor and power, for Thou hast created all things, and for Thy pleasure they are and were created." This is the trne note of the Church's voice on carth —tbe note of thanksgiving, adoration, and praise. Uttering this voice she worships God; restraining this voice (no matter how much she prays and teaches) she leaves her highest func tion unattempted. How far } then, let us ask, has onr own Chnrch provided us with the means of such worship as this ? How far can this exalted function be dischargod by the members of God's Church in this Diocese, when in this their Cathedral Church they take into their lips tbe words of their ancient liturgy? First of all observe that they are provided with common forms—and when we remember that the bulk of our worship should be praise, surely the necessity of sach forms becomes at once apparent. One man may pray for others, and we may regard their answering Axhen, as in some sort an agreeing together in what is asked, but for many to praise together without common - fortns is simply impossible. What then has happened where ___«__ forms bave been abandoned ? That public worship has sunk down into public prayer and preaching, and that bnt for the few hymns that are sung the Church's highest function is in such communities on attempted. How is it then in the services of the beloved Church of our fathers ? Observe first the history and genesis of our forms. They have been gathered from the choicest prayers and praises of every country and age; from the devotions of the old Covenant and of the new; from tbe liturgies of Jew and Gentile, of Greek and Boman, of the West and of the East; of the jubilant Chnrch of the Constantines, and of the persecuted Chnrch of the Catacombs. Whenever and wherever these broke from the depths of any regenerate heart, in a moment of unwonted inspiration, some lowlier acknowledgment. of sin, some loftier ascrip tion of praise, it was caught at once by tbe wakeful ear of the Church; it was treasured in her memory, it was enshrined in her liturgies, and so passed on to the ages following, as their most precious de votional legacy; inspirited with the richest feeling, and fragrant with the sweetest praises of tbie venerable past. It was out of so glorious a storehouse tbat our saintly forefathers of the Reformation culled for us the choicest treasures —jewels without blemish and gold without alloy. Patching their sweetest tones from a thousand voices of the saintly past they blent them for us into a matchless harmony of prayer and praise—a service so rich and fuU, a liturgy so pure and heavenly, that it has extorted the wannest admiration from those even who have wilfully deprived themselves of its comfort. Bnt now to answer more particularly our principal question—What means are provided ns in our Liturgy for discharging that principal function of public worship—the praise and adoration of our Heavenly Father for his infinite love and in onr redemption? Let ns gather our answer to this question from that portion of onr Liturgy, which being most commonly used, is best aaa. most generally known—our Daily Services. Observe bow closely in these our Chnrch has followed the Heavenly ideal of worship; how largely her public offering and testimony consists of the sacrifice of praise. We are not pure like the angels, and so we gird and prepare ourselves for this sacred enter prise by public confession and prayer. But no sooner have we heard the comforting declaration of God's pardon to the penitent, than we break at oace into the lond challenge aad response "Praise ye the Lord*—"the Lord's name be praised." Hist then, with the Venite _______ — .O come let as sing onto the Lord." and then with ttie heart-thrilling hymnody of the sweet Psalmist of Israel we lift up the voice of our praise to Him that redeemed us. Is there then a pause in the torrent of onr song? It is only that we may find for it fresh occasion in listening to the record of God's redeeming love from the Old Testament and the New. it is only that having heard our praire may burst forth afresh to the Divine Invincible Conqueror in such strains as these—" We praise thee, O, God; we acknowledge thee to be the Lord. All the earth doth worship thee. To thee all angels cry aloud. To thee Cherubim and Seraphim con tinually do cry Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God of Sabba _h, heaven and earth are full of the Majesty of thy Gleay." Here, in this voice of the living ones — symbols of pure re demptive life—the song reaches its climax; here the daily anthem culminates, and from thence it descends again through psalm and creed,and versicle, to those prayers and giving of thanks for kings and priests and all men, with which, according to apostolic injunction, we bring our warship to a close. And it has been emphatically worship, not prayer merely for the supply of onr own wants, but worship addresced to God for His greatness—worship as it is due from tbe Chnrch, as it is rendered by the angels, as it swells for ever through the holy Courts above. Oh, that you knew the value of your privileges, brethren—that you knew tbe dignity and felt the blessedness of standing in your lot and offering your spiritual sacrifice, as priests and kings unto God. Ob, that you felt the Church to be what it is—the body of Christ, the temple of the Holy Ghost, the earthly pres_ice__amber of the King of Heaven—its Courts covered by His robe, its arches made awful by the floating forms of the seraphim. Tes, my brethren, the Church of Christ even in our days, shorn as it is of its miraculous glory, composed as it is of members such as we, so weak and ignorant, so trembling and unbelieving, is yet nothing less than the earthly organ and dwelling-place of the Holy One. And still in our assemblies for prayer aad worship there is the brooding of an Almighty Presence; and still in the pro clamation of tbe glad tidings of great joy there is tbe effectual pleading of tbe Sacred Guide; and still at onr feast of love, where'we break the bread of salvation in tbe name of Him that died, there is bestowed amid the kindling and diffusion of'the encharistic leve the secret gift of the Blessed. And,oh! brethren, if we find onr seals to be earthly and torpid, slow to feel and slower to respond to tbe quickening touch of a present Spirit, let us then glance upward to that heavenly temple filled everywhere with the flowing skirts of the robe of God—filled and shaken with tbe thunderous roll of tbat celestial anthem—"Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of Hosts; the whole earth is filled with His glory." There is the image of our Ascended King, tbe Holy Almighty Lord ; and there, aot less, the bright picture of our destined future — "tbe whole earth filled with His glory." Gazing on that image and future we lose all our doubt and all our fear. Not for ever shall the Church go on languishing in that darkling death-in life with which our faithlessness has made us too familiar. No; here stands the Kiug, and here swells the promise—"the whole earth shall be full of His glory." Already it comes to ns acros? the dark spaces, tbe first faint flush of that glorious daybreak, when " the eyes of them that see shall not be dim;" when "the wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them, aud the desert shall rejoice and blossom as the rose ;" when over tbe the glad, regenerate earth " The Son of Right eousness shall arise with healing in his wings;" when "every eye shall see the King in his beauty,*' and "sorrow and sighing shall flee away." Anticipate that vision, dear brethren. Dwell by faith in the bliss of that future, that bringing with you into God's earthly courts something of the bright gratitude they give you may swell with a louder voice and a gladder heart the ascending tide of the Church's trium phant praise! The offertory services were tbin read by the Dean and sung by the choir, the offertory of the congregation being at the same time col lected and presented by the Bishop upjn the Holy Table. His Lordship then said tlie prayer for the Church militant, after which ha said the following prayer:—"Blessed be Thy name, O Lord God, that it pleaseth Thee to have Thy habitation among the sons of men, and to dwell in the midst of the assembly of the saints npon earth : Bless, we beseech Thee, the religious service of this day, and grant that in this place, now set apart for Thy service, Thy Holy Name may be worshipped in truth and purity to all generations, through Jesus Christ our Lend—Amen." The remainder of the Com munion Service was then proceeded with, the Chapter's Vicar, Archdeacon Dove, saying the General Confession. After the Bishop had received the Communion in both kinds himself he delivered the same to the other Bishops, who delivered tbem to the clergy and people, the Bishop and Dean of Adelaide administering on the Gospel side and the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat on the Epistle side of the Holy Table. Immediately before the final blessing the Bishop read tbe Collect for Unity, and the service closed with the Recessional Hymn, 242— "Lord, I have loved the habitations of Thy bouse, and the place where Thine honor dwelleth." The following clergymen werepresent:—The Revs. A. Dendy, D.D. (Bishop's Vicar), F. S. Poole, M.A., J. Pollitt. B. Beid, W. B. Andrews, F. Williams, M.A., W. H. Sharp, MA.. J. C. Haynes, Professor Bead, M.A., T. Field, IU, S. Green, C. W. Morse, B__, H M. Pollitt, F. Hocter, B__. E. T. Howell, M.A., A. Sells, M.A., C. W. Hawkins, E. Jenkins, E. K. Miller, J. Houghton, O. ______ H. Williams, J. M. Donaldson, F. W. Marshall, J. Bach, H. Howitt, and W. H. Mudie (priests), and Fred. T. Whitington and W. J. BusseU (deacons). During the service, which was intoned and sung throughout, Mr. Boult presided at the handsome and finely-toned organ which has just been erected in tiie Cathedral. A LUNCHEON took place in the Town Hall in the afternoon, lat whioh abont 150 ladies and gentlemen, in cluding many members of the Church of Eng land clergy and laity, were present. His Lord ship the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short) was in the chair, being supported on the right by the Right Rev. Dr. Moarhouse (Bishop of Mel bourne), and on the left by the Right Rev. Dr. Thornton (Bishop of Ballarat). The Hon. Neville Blyth (Minister of Education) occupied the vice-chair. After an excellent luncheon, catered for by Messrs. Redman & Smith, had been done justice to, the usual loyal toasts were honored. The Chaibhan in proposing " The Health of tbe Governor," said tbere were few things which could be regarded in various aspects, and in giving the toast of Sir William Jervois it was in the Governor's twofold aspect as the worthy representative of the Queen, and as a loyal, faithful, and sincere churchman. (Applause.) The Chairman gave "The Health of the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat," speaking in high terms of their attainments in letters and divinity. It was said that good wine rice led no bush, but perhaps he should not draw an illustration from that antiquated pro verb, because his friend on the left was a tempe rance man—he did not touch wine. (Laughter.) In the visit of two such distinguished clergy men as tbe Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat, to be present at the consecration of the new Cathedral, they eonld not but rejoice, and he was sure the health he proposed would be drunk with enthusiasm. (Applause.) _ Dr. Thobmtok (Bishop of Ballarat), who was received with loud applause, said it had been arranged between his brother of Melbourne and himself that Dr. Moor house should return thanks for both on that occasion for the way in which their health had been drunk, and he should not have said anything had not a remark of His Lord ship Dr. Short made it necessary for him to rise. He did not know of any suit more un comfortable to wear than a suit of borrowed plumes—(laughter;—and he only rose to pro test against being made to assume it. He ac knowledged with gratitude the kind remarks of his brother of Adelaide with reference to the Bishop of Melbourne and himself—(applause) —but he must give a flat contradiction to one of Dr. Short*s_ statements. (Laughter.) He was credited with not touching wine, and with being a temperance man. On that question he held strong opinions, bnt these they would learn more fully if they attended the meeting that was to be held next Monday evening. Dr. Moobhouse (Bishop of Melbourne), who rose amid lond applause, said he had been shamefully used by bis brother of Ballarat. (Laughter.) The compact alluded to was that Dr. Thornton should bear the greater part of the work in the service, and that his (Dr. Moor house's) duty should be to do all the speaking on that occasion. But had that compact been adhered to ? All the hard work at the service fdl on him that morning, and the Bishop of Ballarat had the pleasure of looking at him as be did it. (Laughter.) Therefore hie did not consider himself bound by any compact. There was little that he could say in response to the toast which they had so heartily honored, and he confessed he was not prepared with a long speech. He was told immediately after the service of the reception to welcome them at che Town Hall, but there was then no time for him to think what to say. He never cared to talk unless he had some thing worth telling, and accordingly he was in a most unfortunate position. He almost wished that he had been able to lick the blarney stone, which their Irish friends believed to be such a source of eloquence, for if he had done so he would have been far better able to meet them. (Laughter.) Yet there was no difficulty in telling them on behalf of his brother of Ballarat and himself how very much obliged they were for the reception which had been given _> them. There were many ways of welcome. In Cornwall the old traditional cus tom was to throw a brick at tbe visitor whom the people wished to honor. (Laughter.) A little less barbarous mode of reception was to preserve a silence of suspicion, till more was known of the visitor. Neither of these courses bad been adopted in the case of his brother of Ballarat and himself, but they had been on the other hand received with the traditional welcome paid to guests whom the people delighted to honor. Stationed at a high table, surrounded by many of the most dis tinguished members of the community, and given the company of one of the most venerable Bishops—he would not say of Australia alone, bnt of Great Britain—tbey could not but feel themselves highly honored on tbat occasion. (Applause.) But it was too bad while thus burdening them with honors to bind them to a condition. Speeches were exacted from them, and the difficulty was tbey did not know what kind of speeches was meant. If they would only give a subject the Bishop of Ballarat and himself might try to satisfy them. He really did not know what to say. He believed the B: _op of Ballarat and himself came with the simple iie.ro to help tbe venerable and venerated Bishop of Adelaide to lift up the human nature of the colony to a little higher level of socinl and mental happiness. (Applause.) But the visionsof humau advancement which animated their youth appeared to them in such au age difficult to accomplish. When a young man be used to indulge in dreams of what he might do for men, and at one time it was his enthu siastic wish to become himself a working mau, in order that by experience among tbem he might learn how best to roach tho heart of working men, and 50 be an instrument for tbeir advancement in the scale of being. (Ap plause.) Now it appeared to him that after all the great problem of the time was not to lift one class alone, but to take the mass of common humanity and lift it bodily up. (Applause.) The problem, ho believed, had been partly solved in those colonies. They were called the Paradise of the working mm, aud it was indeed a blessed feeling that walk ing through the cities of the South they were not met by the hopeless poverty and ignorance q-hich in the old country were too often seen. They saw working men enjoyiug the system of eight hours' daily labor, and with such opportunities of recreation and improve ment that if they did not avail themselves of it the fault was their own. (Applause.) He con gratulated them that in that country, where the great problem of mankind had received au approximate solution, they were in no fear of what was called the danger of over-educating the masses. He was reminded of a very 'cute answer to the complaint of a man who thought the operation of tbe School Board in England would be followed by bad re sults to the working classes. This grumbler said if education were extended to all, the people wonld soon want all their children to become qnilldrivers instead of following the humble pursuits which had satisfied their fathers. The answer to that complaint was," It may be so for a very short time, bnt when the working classes find that plough-driving pays better than quill-driving they will stick to it. (Applause.) He would only say, in conclusion, that he hoped they would try to inculcate in all young people the dignity and pleasure of labor. (Applause) Let them try to make the people take their pleasure in work and not after it. (Applause.) There were some people who worked with the expectation of mn_ing a fortune, and then to give work the go-by and be happy for ever—they would be miserable for ever. (Applause.) Like the people whom God had chosen as the spiritual teachers of the world—the Jews—their children should be taught to choose a trade or a handicraft so that they need never want for bread. To show what spirit he thought they should cultivate he related an anecdote of two Italian artists, Donatello and Filippo Brunel leechi, whose works of art in Florence were still the admiration of the world. Donatello made a sculpture of Christ, on seeing which bis friend remarked " Why, that is a peasant; it isn't a Christ." Donatello told bis brother artist to take a piece of wood aud make a Christ himself. Bronelleecbi did so. But the point of the story was, that one day the two artists went to their studio with tbeir dinners in a leathern apron carrying it through the streets. What did it consist of? It was very lowly fare —apples, eggs, and bread. (Applause.) Somewhat the same spirit wbicb animated these great artists of Florence, who were not ashamed to carry their dinner through the streets, he wished to 6ee cultivated in Australia. He did not ask that tbey should carry parcels under their arms through the streets. He did that himself, but he did not ask them to do the same. (Laughter.) He only wished to impress on 'them the troth that what was honorable and good could not be disgraceful. No disgrace attached to any action unless it was morally bad. (Applause.) Thus far he had given them an " intolerable deal of sack" to a small amount of capou; in other words, a large amount of talk to a little theory, and be would now conclude, once more thanking them for the honor done to bis brother of Ballarat and him self in that most beautiful of Australian capitals. (Applause,) The Chairman thought when tbe condition exacted from the Bishops had the effect of eliciting so able, so practical, aud so useful a reply as that eloqnentspeech to which they had just listened there could be little doubt but that they had acted properly when the con dition was insisted on. (Applause.) He had now to ask them to drink a toast which scarcely needed recommendation. The reply to the question asked in St. Paul's, where was the memorial of Sir Christopher Wren? was "Look around," and so in the case of the Society fer the Propagation of the Gospel, they had only to look at the work which that organization bad effected to enable them to recognise its usefulness. The Society, which nearly two centuries ago Dr. Grey set on foot, bad spread its missions all over the world!, and every where had its operations been succeeded by good results. In South Australia 30 years ago he bad been placed at work by the liberality and through the agency of that Soiiety, and now he was able to invite the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat to assbt in the service of con secrating a Cathedral. (Applause.) From humble beginnings the work in Australia had steadily progressed till the present proportions were reached. He therefore commended to their hearty welcome " The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, with its Dioceses in these colonies." (Applause.) The Vice-chairman responded to the toast, asking for the sympathy and forbearance of the assembly, as he was charged with a task that he was by no means so weU fitted to per form as many be could name. Tbe late 'Mr. R. B. Colley, had he been with them, would have been tbe fitting representative of the Society on that occasion, because they owed much to his example and bis services for the Church in that colony. He was sure he only gave voice to the sentiments of all his fellow-churchmen when he expressed the obli gation that was due from them to the venerable Society for tbe Propagation of the Gospel. (Applause.) By its constitution the special efforts of that Society, which had been incor porated by Royal Charter in 1701, had bsen directed towards the management and disposal of such funds as might be contributed for the "religious instruction of Her Majesty's sub jects beyond the seas ; for the maintenance of clergymen in the plantations and colonies of. Great Britain; and for the propagation of the Gospel in those parts." Since the time of its establishment its mode of working had been to help those Churches in their infancy who were too weak to help themselves, and when they became self-supporting to leave them and apply the funds in other directions. So in its infancy in that colony the Chnrch had been supported by the venerable Society. To the Churchmen of South Austra'ia it most now be a matter for pride that their success in spreading the Gospel had been so great, and that they were able to erect so beautiful a Cathedral. Ii they were able now to send their wealth to the starving millions in India it would ill become them in their prosperity to forget to give thanks to that Society who helped them in the infancy of their Churches. (Applause.) In 1836 the Bishopric of Australia was created, in 1811 Bishop Selwyn was appointed for New Zealand, and in 1842 Bishop Nixon for Tasmania. There were now 17 dioceses in the Australian colonies, including New Zealand. In 1841 a special movement was made by the clergy and laity for the formation of a fnnd for j the endowment of additional Bishops in the j colonies. At that time there was only one Bishop in Australia. The Society contributed £500 a year for five years to the first three colo nies where Bishoprics were established. In 1847, when Dr. Short arrived, there were only five clergymen in South Australia; in 1861 33; and in 1878 there were _ belonging to the Chnrch of England. He concluded by congra tulating the Church people of that colony on the completion of the Cathedral. The Chairman gave " The Mayor of Ada'aide and the Lay Members of tbe Church." He spoke in high terms of tbe services rendered by the Mayor, and commended him particularly ' ns a faithful and earnest worker for the Charch. H_ Worship the Mayor (Mr. H. Scott) re sponded, remarking that whatever credit was duo to the laymen of South Australia, tbe noble example aud kindly influence brought to bear on then by the Bishop and his clergy could not bo overlooked. (Applause.) In aUuding to the speech of Dr. Moorhouse, he said tiie work ing men of South Australia had reason for satislacl.oi. in _k. fact tbat tbey fcad so much time at tli.ir «.lisi>a_l for self-improv _m_it. He felt that he spoko the fee.ibi; of all present when he acknowledged the work done by the Bishop in assisting the {.romotion of tbe means of enjoyment for the working men. (Applause.) He mentioned that the efforts of the clergy were often not seconded so well by the laity as they should bo, aud be hoped tbat there would in future be au improvement in this re spect. Alluding more partisularly to himself, he bciieved that the Mayor of Adelaide could assist materially the moral as well as the social welfare of the citizens, and he assured them that it would always be his aim to further the best interests of the peo_._c of Adelaide. (Ap plause). Mr. O. B. Young, J.P., proposed " The health ot tbe Bishop." congratulating Dr. Short on the _.u_,u._ution of his dearest wish in the open ing aad consecration of St. Peter's Cathedral. He mentioned that His Lordship intended a visit to l.nylninl to be present at the Pan- Anglicau _jui_d, aud expressed the hope that the trip would have the effect of giving Dr. Short a fresh lease of his life. Another sum of £'20,CC0 was required for the completion of the Cathedral, and he trusted by the time of the Bishops return it would be subscribed. (Ap plause.) The Chairman, whose health was drunk with enthusiasm, said it seemed strange to a man in his 76th year when his friends wished him health and long life. But while lie had life end strength and a sphere of activity they might t'epend on his using his best endeavers to carry on the work whioh had occupied him for 30 years. (Applause.) In going to England he went to maintain a principle—that the Austedian Churches had rights as well as dutie?, and deserved the recognition of the English Synod. (Applause.) He trusted that the wisdom of the United Episcopate would devise some scheme to pre sent tbe Colonial Churches from separating, or as it were, flying out into space, and to pre serve them in their gravitation around the sun of England's Church. (Applause.) He thanked tbem from his heart for tbe way in which they had drunk his health. (Applause.) The toast of " The Ladies," humorously pro posed by the Rev. Dr. Dendy, was honored, and the proceedings, which were interspersed with organ recitals by Mr. Boult, terminated. 