The principal alterations contemplated by the new Laud Bill iu the system of pastoral leaseholds may be summarised, under three headings, as follows :—First, a provision for the renewal of pastoral leases every five years; secondly, a limitation of the area of runs; and, thirdly, a large increase in the amount ot rental. The first of these provisions, which calls for lit) special notice, is contained iu a declaration in clause 67 to the effect stated. The limitation of area is provided for in a sub-section of the same clause, which runs as follows :—" Where the run contains more than 1C>,000 acres, onefourth part of the excess over 1*5,000 acres may, on the expiry of the existing lease, be withdrawn from the leasehold and disposed of by the Governor as ordinary lands, and the like area may be withdrawn at the expiry of each succeeding term, but so, nevertheless, that no run bo so reduced below 10,000 acres." We have carefully read over this section and the preceding and succceding clauses, and arc . still unable to see the necessity or advantage of this rule. If intended to prevent the holding by any one person of an undue proportion of .leased land, it fails in a signal manner to effect the purpose in view. There is nothing ia the Bill from first to last which would prevent any individual from holding several riius, and this being so. it can be of no moment either to the Government, the country, or to anybody, whether the aggregate area leased (being virtually one holding) be nominally six runs or one run. The only possible advantage which could arise from the so-called limitation of area, is that when the larger runs come to be cut down, the portion cut oif may become the subject of competition am ongst graziers on a small scale, and if submitted to auction will perhaps bring in a larger return to the revenue. Save for this consideration the clause quoted, together with sub-section 3 of Clause G9, which provides that " no pastoral lease of Crown lands hereafter issued shall exceed an area of 1G,000 acres," would appear to be nothing better than mere surplusage. They would be even worse than useless since they must inevitably be unequal and unjust in their operation. A squatter fur example might liavc, say, 5000 acres in excess of the limit, at the date of appraisement; and his holding would therefore be reduced ; yet perhaps on the next land office day his run might lose by selection an area equal to that just excised In such a case the lessee would have just grounds for complaint as a very hardly-used individual, unless his loss were made good by restoring to hint the area just taken away and this latter remedy, if generally adopted, we need hardly say would involve such a never-ending labor in the adjustment of claims as to require a whole army of officials for the purpose. A more practical proposal, and one beneficial alike to the squatter and the selector would r be that the runs as they now stand, large and small, should be divided ; and that whilst one-half of each lease should be held on a secure tenure and exempt from conditional purchase for a given term of years, the other half should be exempt from improve ment purchases, auction sales, &c.;, and should in fact only be capable of being alienated by conditional purchase. If some principle of this kind were adopted it would tend to do away with a good deal of unpleasantness between squatter and selector; it would relieve the l squatter from the necessity of spending all the capital he possesses or can borrow, in purchas ihg land; and it would preserve a certain proportion of laud in each district for the requirements of a future day. The limitation clause as it now stands, we repeat, is uuneces sary and useless. The section providing for an increase in tlip rental of runs is, however, of a moie commonsonse character. It is proposed -that henceforward, as heretofore, the grazing capability of runs shall bo determined by Government appraisers, and that such capability shall form tho basis upon which the rental shall bo calculated; but it is now intended to fix the minimum capability at which any run can be estimated, at 4000 shcop, or 800 head of cattle for every 16,000 acres, and to exact a rental of twenty pence per annum for every. head of cattle and fourpouce for every sheep, which in accordance with the appraisement the run can carry. This in effect amounts to saying that the minimum yearly rental shall be one penny per acre per annum —certainly a much larger sum than tho pastoral tenauts have been accustomed to pay hitherto, but still not by any means an excessive or unreasonable, much loss a prohibitive, rate. As the population of the country increases and the land becomes more in demand for purposes,of settlement the squatters must be content to move with the times, and to pay a higher price for privileges which have now a value notably in advance of that attaching to them in the old pioneer days of the colony. Ik the Legislative . Assembly, a few days before the prorogation, the following resolutions. moved by Mr. Winijeyeii, were unanimously agreed to:—"1st. That his Excellency will lie pleased to cause provision to be made on the Estimates for the year 1879, for the establishment of grammar schools at Maitland, ioulburu, and Bathurst; 2nd. That his Ex- cellency will be pleased to cause to be placed on the estimates, an annual sum^not exceeding £1,500, to provide for the education for five ears in the grammaT schools of the colony of ten boys, to be selected annually by competr tive examination from the public schools of the colony; and for the education iu the University of five boys, to be annually selected by competitive examination from the boys of the 6aid grammar schools, and whose abilities in the opinion of the examiners, make it desirable that they 6hould receive the advantage of a University education; 3rd. That his Excellency will be pleased to cause regulations to be framed for the conduct of the above examinations." The necessity for some step in this direction has been often urged iu our columns. Without some intermediate stage between the Public Schools and the University, the educational system of tho colony remained incomplete; and worse than this the University itself had become a species of white elephant, involving an outlay for maintenance out of all proportion to the results obtained. Under such circumstances there can be no two opinions as to the desirability of some change being brought about, some alteration which would jhave tho double effect of enabling a larger proportion of the youth of the colony to obtain the highest education which the state pays for, and of causing the University to be turned to account for its legitimate purpose. Whether the end desired can best be attained by the establishment of grammar schools as now proposed, is however an open question; and we may confess to a belief that the system suggested three years ago by Dr. 15.vdu.vm, would much more effectually answer the purpose. In the first place the grammar schools cannot be established in all the large provincial towns in the colony. The proposal is now to place them iu only three of tho largest cities, all of which are withiu 120 or 130 miles of the metropolis, the requirements of the rest of the colony in the matter of higher education being wholly ignored. This however unjust, is unavoidable seeing that it would be impossible within the limits of any reasonable expenditure to scatter the grammar schools all over the colony. Under Dr. Badham'b plan however, there would have been very much less cause of complaint. He proposed that in the public schools of all such I owns as Albury for instance, there should be teachers of classics, capable of preparing for matriculation, such of the pupils as desire to enter at the University. The expense of this system would have been comparatively trifling in each, town, ajid the aggregate cost for tho whole of the large towns in the colony would not probably have been greater than that which will now be incurred in establishing the three grammar schools at Bathurst, Goul- [burn, aHd Maitland;. whilst the residis ,we venture to say, would have heon very much wore satisfactory to tho pdoplo of the colony generally, i • , A VERY lively discussion upon a not particularly lively subject has been carried oh., for Bomb time past in the Melbourne papers. The topic, of debate referred to is tho question as to what is the best method of disposing of dead bodies; and a number of suggestions have been brought forward on this poiiit'. Thus one writer proposes that Uie cemeteries should all bo superseded by furnaces, and that cremation should be universally adopted. Another individual is in favor of committing all human bodies to the deep, and would have ©very funeral partv converted into a kind of marine excursion j the body and the mourners being taken out to sea in swift steamers chartered for the purpose. This, by the way, would be rather an expensive affair for the relatives of tho deceased, unless some arrangement could be made for keeping the bodies until a dozen fuuerale or so could take plaoe simultaneously, when one trip would serve for the lot. Another suggestion has the merit of greater originality than the rest; it is for tho erection of a pyramid 500 feet high into which tlie bodies shall be cast from au aperture at the apex. A fourth proposal is for the preservation or embalmiug of the dead, but this proposition, apart from the fact that embalming is a very costly process, may be dismissed at once seeing that it leaves tho question of where the bodies are to be put in the same unsettled state as at the opening of the discussion.' A proposal to expose the bodies on a species of gridiron placed on the top of a tower, to be eaten by the birds, after tho Parsee fashion, may also be discarded, as involving too great a violence to all preconceived ideas and prejudices as to the proper and reverent disposal of. our dead. A sixth plan is one for burning the bodies by quicklime, and this probably is the most practical and the cheapest of any of the innovations suggested. It may thus be said that the people of the colony have no lack of variety in the different methods proposed for getting rid of the remains of their deceased relatives; and it only remains to select tho best. On this grave question we ehall offer no opinion further than saying that it appears to us a great deal of unnecessary ingenuity has been exercised upon a very simple matter. The objection against the existing system is that our present mode of disposing of the dead is fraught with danger to the health of the living. This can only be from the bodies being buried too close to the surface, and from the cemeteries being too near to populous centres. Tho remedy is obvious. Dig the graves deeper, and cause the cemeteries to be located in places far away from the towns. If this be done we need not bother our heads about cremation or anything of the kind as a measure of sanitary precaution for the next four or five hundred years. We learn from a Victorian contemporary that ' a start has been made in the direction of establishing a Selectors' Bank, and we believe that the undertaking is one which if carried out on sound and equitable principles will not only : prove a great boon to the class to which it appeals for support, but also a very safe and profitable speculation to the promoters and shareholders. In Victoria, as in New South Wales, the selectors now form a very large and important section of the community; and their numbers and importance are year by year steadily increasing. With this increase there has arisen a demand for tho accommodation and advantages which can only be obtained by tho possession of banking iacilities, and, these the selectors have hitherto been denied; the banks declining to recognise them «is customers coming legitimately within tbo scope of ordinary banking operations. In this view of the case it is quite possible that the banks are ' perfectly right; but if so tho fact only furnishes additional proof that the time has arrived for., establishing a bank to meet the requirements of a class not provided for by the money-lending ' corporations already in exbtence.' £ .SeM 018 ! ' Bank therefore, we repeat, ought, if conducted on proper principles and judiciously managed,. , to, be a success. With regard to,the pa^tiw^ bank which forms the, subject of tlieso remarks, wo know nothing more thau is to bo gloanod fwm a brief newspaper paragraph Betting forth that such an enterprise was in contemplation, ond that the promotewpwposod to adopt as tt prominent feature of their programme the lending of money to selectors at a moderate rate of interost upon security of tUoir selections^ T H E ENGLISH M A I L . — T h e out-going mail via California closes at Albuiy on Tuesday, at 3.30 '"THE GREAT S O U T H E R N R A I L W A Y , — I t is now definitely fixed that llic opening of the railway to Junce takes place on Tuesday the 2nd July. COURT OF Q U A R T E R S E S S I O N S . — T h e next sitting 0f this court ia Albury will be held on Thursday the 1st August The District Court will be he; on Friday. N E W M A G I S T R A T E . — I n the last , issue of the. Victorian Government Gazette appears the appoint-; liieiit of Mr. L. Levin, as a magistrate lor the Northern bailiwick of Victoria. T H E LAYAUD M U R D E R . — T h e local papers etAte that the police in the Wagga district are actively engaged in .collecting evidence iu the Layard murder case, but that owing to the length of tiuic which lias elapsed since the event occurred, the task is attended with a good deal of difficulty T U B C O M I I E R L A X U D I S E A S E . — Intelligence reached Alburv on Wednesday, to the effect that 20 head of impounded sattle, in charge of Mr. Patrick Ryan, poundkeener, at North Gundagai, suddenly took ill, and all died within an hour. The cause of death is supposed to have been the Cumberland disease. THE LA.NO B I L L . — - F r o m a report which appears in another column it will be observed that the Yass Plnins Selectors Association held a meet in on Monday last for the purpose of discussing th provisions of the new Land Bill. We mny remind kindled societies iu various parts of this district of the advisability of taking similar action. The secretary of the Yass Society, in forwarding report of the meeting to the secretary of the Albury Selectors' Association, writes as follows —" Yass, June 12tb, 1878. Dear Sir,—I am directed by the Yass Plains Freeholders' and Selectors' Association to forward you the enclosed report of their last meeting, held on Mouday, 10th instant, and to ask you to be kind enough if your Association coincides in the idea ol another conference being held in Sydney, to let me know at your earliest convenience." T R E W E A T H E R . — T h e severe frosts which pre vailed during the greater part of last week, cave place to a steady and continuous rainfall, which though not altogether pleasant for residents in town has been of great service in the country districts. Owing to the generally favorable character ol the season heretofore there has been BO far no scarcity of feed or water, but squatters in the back country, and farmers in all parts of the district, were looking forward rather anxiously for the supply of moisture which can only be looked for at this time of yehr. So far as we have been able to ascertain the fall has been general REMARKABLE M E T E O R . — A b o u t four o'clock on Saturday afternoon a remarkable meteor was observed by a good many persons in the town. The appearance was that of a tall of fire equal in size to the sun. Rising from the eastern horizon it attained an altitude of about 50° and then travelled in a northerly direction, leaving in its wake a well-defined luminous track which remained clearly visible for fullyseven minutes and a half. The meteor then sank and disappeared to the northward, its disappearance being accompanied with a peculiar rumbling sound similar to that produced by heavily laden waggons passing over a wooden bridge. Accounts from various country correspondents show that the meteor was seen in all parte of the district. C R O P S . — T h a n k s to the late timely rain Jail the early sown crops in various parts of the district arc making rapid headway. The area under cultivation this season is largely in excess of any previous year. In many cases the selectors suffered very severely hi the loss of stock caused by last year's drought, and the only wav way see to making good their loss is by increasing the area under tillage, with a view to secure a large crop; and in this way a great deal of new ground has been broken up. As usual the staple produce is wheat, and the vield of this article should the harvest turn out favorable, will he exceptionally large. In the Howlong district alone it is csliuiated that with an average yield me aggregate return will befully 150,000 bushels, THE llonsu T H I E V E S A G A I N . — ' T h e r e is some leasou to believe that the organised system of n<>rs<!-stcaliug which recently was carried on upon so urge a fica|c i n t h e i ) 0 r d 0 r districts is not vet Put an end to. It will be remembered that th. uvorite inode of operations adopted was that of i wiig horses many miles away from their usual ,1 . "f ground, causing them to be impounded iu ^L KOI.I !'l ; ." . . "» which nun-u they mey were usually I ) 0 U 8 o u t e'V^i , , purchaser thus iius securiuga a a t r i f l u ; t stolen h e lias mfftS ° ° f^U^Frty- property. This system hieffi . U , lT", l b c e n u , M U|H«U URN apparently, aa a horse S l " d o 1 c d DirMn T K S frr many months in a £!,r a t i d , ) e e o n r u ! n , i ? 1 l , i i n n y r u r from Albury, ) 0 U t U v l m i l e s s o m c f : <™ or live months cn cmilri id at f W R wery ? search , wi clue aCu „ ; q ™ 1 i U V be r y obtained R c u r c h w a s a; as to its where- a t t SuWyentciHiuiry, t l , , , I U u e e enquiry, however, how, ascertained E ffad lacui,at the house which for half a year had in a , S T' d 1 0 e L '? > "hpounded carer, " !° te l »»les n h a d b distant e e u j and a 0, L u n d r e d S r ; . , ^ the i, ' - f 1 6 0 U of '» t U l tlie c s paddock until it was l a ' ^ i u i u u ^ g b ^ d i s : ouit obt of nf r ,'"? . token away, 1 1 h a d TI?E O V E N S AND M U R R A Y PASTORAL AND AGRWULTIIRAL SociiiTY.—At the annual meeting or the Ovens and Murray Pastoral and Agricultum Society held on the Gth iiisL, Mr. Geo ge Mackuy of Stony Park, was re-elected President. An excellent programme was drawn up providing lj>r pmesto the extent of £40n, not including tSlniny 0 8 U , u l 'o will probably be a . S I N G U L A R D I S C O V E R Y AT M U L L E X G A N D E A . — ,A discovery of a rather extraordinary character was met with by some men working in the neighbourhood of Mnllengandra a few days since. It appears that a hollow tr«e standing on some land which was being cleared, had been set on Are, and that soon after the interior of the trunk had caught, there fell to the ground a hall-burued mas* which had been at some time or other forced up into the hollow, presumably for the purpose of concealment. Tiie contents of the mass proved on^xinuiualion to be the remains of a doublebarrelled gun, a quantity of calcined bones, and a number ol metal buttons. Whether the bones Uud once belonged to a human being, is a question that has not KO far as we are aware, yet been determined, but it is not impossible that the remains thus curiously brought to light, may be those of some unfortunate victim of foul play in the old husliranging days. > F R E E M A S O N R Y . — A preliminary meeting was Ifeld a lew days since of members of the Craft re- siding iu Albury, with a view to arrange for the starting ot a new lodge, the original Hume Lod^e having died a natural death some six years a ?.. A sufficient number ol members having expressed a desire to affiliate, the necessary steps were taken, and the new lodge which is to be called " The Combermere" will probably be in working order within a month of the present date. Mr. J J Moody D.G.S.W., ia the W.M. elect, with Colonel Leinarchand S.W., and Mr. E. T. Powell, J.W. In addition to the members who have already given in their names we understand that a large number of others, resident in various parte of the district, are anxious to affiliate ; so that the new lodge rtarts under very favorable auspices, fc A Row AT THE R A I L W A Y W O R K S . — A man named Walsh was admitted to the Alburv Hospital a few days since suffering from burns oil the face of a very severe character. It appears that he had an altercation with another man named Whittv also employed on the line, and that W hitty seized him and threw him face downwards on the middle of a large fire burning just outside the tent Walsh's face is completely raw from the injuries received before he could be pulled out of the fire, and it is difficult to understand how he escaped without the loss of bis sight. I appears, however, that the eyes are not seriousl. injured. The patient is doing as well as can be expected. H O R R I B L E O U T R A G E AT M I D D L E C R E E K . — From Middle Creek comes a horrible story oi the violation of two little girls, aged respectively six and nine years, by a Chinaman named All SVoo. From the particulars which we have been able to gather, it appears that the children, who are the daughters of a respectable farmer named Oriel residing at Middle Creek, recently fell into ill health, and were sent down to Melbourne on .• visit to their grandparent*. A lew days since some remark made bv one of the little girls gave rise to a suspicion which resulted in a medical man being called in, who examined the children and at once pronounced that thev had been violated. The replies of the little ones to questions on the subject showed that the Chinaman referred to had committed the crime, and a telegram being sent to the police at Wodonga he was at once arrested. The prisoner was brought before the Bench on Wednesday aud remanded lor the pro duction of evidence. G R E E N F I E L D POST OFFICE. — The following letter has been received by Mr. Day with refer ence to the petition for a post office at Greenfield —"Sydney, 11th June, 1876. Sir,—Referring to my letter dated the 6th Februarv last, acknowledging receipt of a petition front Messrs. W. Giller, J. Allison, J. Cullen and other residents ol Greenfield, praying for the establishment of a post office at that place, I am directed to inloriu von that it has been decided to establish n Receiving Office at the place in question, to bear the designation of " Annan Vale," on the 24th inst. under the charge of Mrs. Sarah Lewis. I havt the honor to be, sir, yonr most obedient servant, S. W. Lambton, secretary. L E C T U R E . — A very interesting lecture delivered in the Presbyterian Church on Tuesday evening on the subject of " Matrimony " bv the Rev. Mr. llenry. There was a large audience notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather. At the close of the lecture a vote of thanks to the lecturer was carried on the motion of Mr. Trewn D I V I D K N D S IN I N S O L V E N T E R T A T H S . — A c c o u n t s with plans of distribution in the undermentioned estates are now filed in the Oilice of Insolvency, King-street, Sydney, for the inspection of all persons interested, and such accounts and plans will be submitted to the Court for confirmation on Thursday 27th inst., if not previously objected to :—-James Copeland, of Quat Quntu, farmer, 19s. id. in the £ on proved concurrent debts. Glenbervie Brown, of Goombai^ana, near Alburv, iarmer, 7s. in the £ on proved concurrent debts. George Galvin, the younger, of Dickson's Swainp, publican, an account only showing balance asainst the estate. . e & INQUEST AT N A R A N D K R A . — A coroner's inquest was held at Tubbo on the 7th inst., by the District Coroner, on the body of Mrs. Annie Clayton, who died on the 5th inst. The jury found that death was from natural causes. The deceased had beeu ailing for some time, and expressed her belief that she would shortly die lrom disease ot the heart. T H E H O W L O N G P U N T . — T h e following letter has been handed to us for publication by Mr. Dav :— " Department of Public Works, &c.;,'Sydney, June 1878\. Sir,-With reference to our personal interview, respecting the complaints made against the puiitmau at Howlong, I have to inform you that the local officer, after full enquiry into the matter, reports as follows The sca'le ol c! arces J'esideiits ol fhe ; f * held in Corowa about •J} eats ngo; Ritzou has promised to abolish the SfniitT ^ V r 'crossing, also to wSk 1 2 ° dark, and to be as punctual as r possible m iu 1 crossing 0 pas,e„gers &c; tlmnlbm.^^V^f.'W-eeniens, or U, take more s o l l u a f d'»o' »» any dray or wagon, blockade itm?. , complaint, that Ritzou S l t r i' u l > I'" wids of the Ti et^fi o ^T l l " U , u u t i M d 1 C a U n d 1 , 0 «'ou.KlS for them, i 7 , ' l Howlong, ,md if there o l I m ) u n t a t Z n 2 T ° ^ ^ same ad Ko'n ] I U v- C I U l ' d ™ , , o t - w o t river; k besides, the ttilxou nnil I . " !l ' formed by a C t 0 r l . a n »"t s l u allow ll!l s it to be used h u exclusive , n ' „ »<' ^aim to the Wa bLlS , " K , l ' Z 0 U 'l ' South sh v3ur b t I l e a i ''- V V : c h t l l u N I'onor e w to be, siouei lor Roads. G. , , V C Day, I 1 E-q., M.l\, Albury." T H E W A I I U U N Y A I I T E R M I N U S . — I N r-nlvto the tS^zJ rom , W a ! i r u n . v a i 1 «£ r :sl y declined V n K f to commit, ' lor Railways 1 I C however that lie should hinnelf then to anv innke pvoniH ,i n.-rsonal until I X T R I ^ 8 ™ ' 1 ^ " " ' ' 1 ™ ' " ^ " " ' ' ™ ' LLLLI •S OF ExotfANCK.—Til coiisi;<pieiici» of Cout ol Victorza ivg.-mling (|)); ( o n i l i u \, h i c l l iso exchange are drawn out, several Victorian ank ma.iage.-s have received instrueiions from ead-.p.avters not to discount anv bills on which e words 'accepted pa>al>le" were printed or K'raphed. ]„ all cases these wo,1 must be or SSSS™ ° ' '' 'l ' LrcENSfNG , , B i l i , W 0 1 t h e tl,,UVC1 a e c t , t o r C O U R T . — A t the licensing court on lues,lay Mr. Blackmore appeared in support of a» application lor a publican's license lor the Buiigowaniiah Inn, for Mrs. Darbv. Tlie application was "ranted. Geo. Reinbardt's aj.plication to transfer the license of the Salutation Inn to J. Darby was granted, as also an application to transfer the license of the White Horse Hotel, Bowna, front A. Chant to John Palmer. Mr. r leniing applied for a new license on behali of J. V Harrington for a house situated in Townsendstreet. The application was granted, the police magistrate dissenting. Mr. Emerson appeared in support of an application for a license for a house situated in Dean-street, made by Mrs. Brady The ^cense was refused. The magistrates present were Captain Biwnrigg, P.M., and .Messrs. S. Watson ana b. Mudge, J.'s.P. N A R A N O E R A . — A n accident occurred in the neighborhood of Xamndera a few days since, in consequence of a wrestling match between two men employed at tank-sinking. It appears that the two men were engaged in a friendly trial of skill at M'Intyre'a Hotel, when one of them in lall summed a fracture of the leg at the ankle bkilleu assistance being at band the bone was set, ana the patient is now progressing favorably. M U L L E X G A N I J R A . — O u r correspondent at place writes as follows :--"A strange phenomenon was witnessed here on Saturday last about three oclock m the afternoon. A largemeteor resembling an immense ball ot fire fell, or rather disappeared iu a cloud, leaving behind it a long train of bluish vapor or smoke. Shortly after, a long rumbling noise as ol distant thunder was heard. The course of the meteor was from north to south. Winter appears to have set in in earnest, the late sharp frosts have been succeeded bv plenty of rain and cold winds. The season hitherto has been a most exceptional one, and everything is verv forward, the wattles m some places are alreadv'in bloom. Mr. \V. Petts, sen., has some verv fine* oranges on his trees this year, he is the only gentleman in the district who has grown the orange to perfection. 1 am surprised that such a beautiful tree as the orange is not more extensively cultivated in our orchards. Our new schoolmaster, Mr. James Drunintond, has entered upon his duties. He appears a very affable gentleman, and I hope he will please the Mullengaudraites. I would, however, impress upon the parents, the necessity of sending their children to school regularly so as to keep the attendance up to the standard." E S T A T E OK M R . M. J. M O O R E . — A n adjourned application for a certificate was made before the Chief Commissioner in Sydney on Tuesday, on behalf of Martin J. Moore, by Mr. Bradley. ' The application was adjourned by his Honor to the 6th August, to allow insolvent to apply lor a certificate m a former insolvency of eleven years standing. A L U U K Y POLICE C O U R T . — A t this court vesterday the^ following business was disposed'of :- baudford v. Reardon.—This was a summons to recover the sum of £2 8s., alleged to be due for wages. Defendant did not appear, and an order was made lor payment of the amount claimed and costs ; m default distress. In the adjourned case ot John Rice, summoned for abandouin" his licensed hotel at Jindera, the defendant did not answer to his name wheu called upon, aud evidence was given to the effect that a warrant had been issued for bis arrest on a charge of deserting his wife and children. The licence'for the house -the Adelaide Hotel—was ordered to be cancelled. I N S O L V E N C Y M E E T I N G . — A meeting in the estate of Michael Cusack was held before the District Commissioner on Tuesday. Mr. Thorold proved against the estate as follows :—£53 18s. ' j , Pahst; A. Miller, £22. Mr. Curtis proved for £118 on account of Jane Cusack and Kate Cusack. Mr. Nagle proved for £110 on £ J ' • 7d. on behalf of Mr. O'Callaghau. a n d f o r 3 s N E W I N S O L V E N T , — C y r u s Edward Smith, ot Uravel Plains, Corryong, grazier. Causes of r l - 8 t ^ o y ~~. l o a f i B S f r o m ehee P> and money losseB. Liabilities, ,£4208 Cs. 4d.; asssets, £2550 : deficiency, £1668 6B, 4d. ' j TJJA M E E T I N G AND C O N C E R T AT H O W L O N G . — A tea meeting and concert of Sucre.I music will be held in the Weslevan Church, Howlong, on Tues- W "p ', "istant, to welcome the Rev. \Vm. V I X resley t l wbo 8 t L has recently been appointed to the circuit. . ?': -1 AMES C O P K L A N I ) . — A special mnctmgui E S R A this : W estue was held in Sydney on the 4th J ?" ; Debts were proved as follows :-George 8 1 George Ifenry A L B U R Y P A S T O R A L AND A G R I C U L T U R A L A S S O - CIATION.—The udjourned annual meeting of this society was held on Tl.urs.lay afternoon at the U.ohe Hotel ; ihe members present l.ciii" Mr George Day, president (in the chair) and Messrs! Gell, Moore Aflleck, Lyne, Guesl, Uighl,, ]!oml, lieppuer and M'Lennan. Alter the minutes of last mcetiiig had been read and confirmed, the chairman for the incl ination of one or two "cntleuien who had not been present at previous"nieeting,?, exjdniued the nature of the difficulty that had arisen with reference to the election ofoflicehearers; and Mr. Aflleck then moved that the. sz meeting proceed with the election. Mr. Moore seconded the motion. Mr. Lyne was of opinion that tlie chairman, although intending no doubt to give a perfectly candid account of the circumstances which had led to the recent dispute, had scarcely succeeded in making a coniulele stiteinent nf tlie far.ts. Mr. Lyne then proceeded a t S'.ine l.-,.glli t„ give ;be full deUiiis of the affair. M r. Aflleck th;iMght Mr. ]>vne was not in order as lie. was not speaking to any resolution before the meeting. Mr. ]*iv said that if he had omitted any essential point, or made anv mistake in bis statement, Mr. Lyne was in order in correctiii" hitn. Mr. Lyne then lYMiined bis remarks and argued that Rule :} when read with Rule 2 mi"ht he construed as favorable to the action of the aoniunttee in deciding that all in attendance at the annual meeting had a light to nominate and vote lor candidates for the various offices Mr Guest said that quarrels oi this kind did not tend to farther the interests of the society. They had m fact already injured it in the country districts. The speaker went on to condemn the action of those members who he said were the cause of the dispute, and in the course of his remarks reflected rather severely upon the action of Mr. Lyne who resented the observations very warmly! Some further discussion ensued alter which the motion was put to the meeting and carried ; it being understood that in accordance with Rule 3, the only votes taken should be those duly forwarded under seal at the date specified in the rule. The ballot papers (only three of which had. been received) were then opened, and the whole ot the gentlemen whose names appeared thereon were duly elected. The chairman then called the attention of the meeting to the necessity for arriving at some decision with regard to the next show. He explained that the present vards being in several respects highly inconvenient and unsuitable, application had l.een made to the Government lor a grant of land near the Alexandra Park. It had been found however that a sufficient area could not be obtained iu this locality, and application had then been made for a block ot five acres at the site of the old Custom house. That application had been successful, and the land was m every way well adapted for tlie purpose ot a show yard. The erection of the new yards he thought could not, be completed in time to hold a show for the present year, and it therefore rested with the meeting to sav whether thev should hold the show in the old yards, or allow it lor the present year to lapse. He was himself in favor ol the latter alternative, believing it better to have a good show next vear thau a bad or '"d'Herent one this year. There would be no difficulty concerning the erection of the yards when the proper time came, as there was already a large sum in hand collected lor the purpose, but between the present, date and the end of Aii"iist— the usual period for holding the show—it would be impossible to get them built. .Mr. Bond thought they should not allow the show to lapse. If they did people would lose confidence in the allair in future, and neglect the. preparation of exhibits. He would move that the show be held as usual ai.out the end of Au-ust. Mr Guest seconded the motion. Mr. Gull was of opinion that Mr. Day's suggestion was the best,. By next year the little differences about the recent elections would be forgotten, and another set of officials—or perhaps the same officers—elected by the vote ol a larger number of members. Mr Lyne said aUkou-h he had been referred to as an obstructionist, he would he sorry to see the Show lapse. There were two and a half months vet intervening between the present date and the end of August, and that was .piile sufficient time to get up the Show, lie would support Mr. Bond's motion, and would suggest that, the programme be prepared at once. Mr. AlHeck supported the motion, which was carried. The fixiiv of the precise date of the Show was left with the comuuttee. Ihe following were the office-bearers elected :—President—George Dav. E<o M L A Vice-Presidents—James Haves, 'Tlios. Mitchell' Charles Dight Treasurer-j'. Walicei• j S Honorary Secretary-Samuel Mudge. Secretary —C. B. Giles. Committee :-Geor Se Mackav n • ™ ?- ), - Watson (Gerogery), Jus Day (Thurgooun ( U o d , u A. S 0. Boyle, ]). Ivelton ?Bun gowannah) W H. Easterby, Bu.row B ^ u i ? " 1 IT^^top), Tiionms Aflleck, AlVx-: Ross Rlchard t W A. F. Heppner (EllersIiiO, i « i v '. ir , •" > Thomas ^ nomas kihson uiuso (BnrrunT buttock) Alfred 6 Chant, Ci, G. Adams. ins. c. 0. J" f. Morion (Jindera}, William Hubiier (MoorVvatha), orWflthn Robert. Wyatt (Jindera), William Ridley(Uuugowannnh\' _j (lJuugi " H. Elms h-luis (Hawksview), (Hawksviowl. Paul fluoti, flubn, Charle ~ ' Douglas, Edward Webster, Capper Webb (Woo margama), D. J. Abercronibie-John Blackie, O. J, Moore, 11. B. M'Martin (Eoundhill), James Plunkett. John Francis {Bnhgowannah), James Poole (Albury), Charles Macjcay (Albury.) Nisw INSOLVENT.—Christian Dcvers,of Albury, butchur. Liabilities, £502 14*. Hid.; assets, £11" 0s. 10d. Mr. Lyons official assignee. THK COHOWA Srto\v.—TIIU annual exhibition oi l lie Cnrown Pastoral and Agricultural Society will take place Oil the 1st August, at the Society s now yards, Corowa. The programme which appears in our adveriising columns is si most libera one. In section 1 (meriuo sheep) prizes iue offered in nine classes, besides four champion prizes ol £') each ntiil two special prizes of like value offend by Messrs. Gray aud Xeill. In section 2 (Liiunln'slieep) 10 money awards are announceil in addition to certificate* of merit mid two champion priz"8 value £3 each. In section 3 prizes; are offered for all other h.ng- woulled sheep, mid in suction 4 several awards art* reserved for fat sheep. Section 3 refer* to draught horse slock, and henin six classes we have twelve money prizes and six certificates of merit besides special prizes o! £L(1, £o, and £5 respectively. The prize list m section 6—thoroughbred horses—is not quite so large, but this is made up by a large number ol awards for hackneys of various descriptions. The prizes arc also numerous and valuable in the c ittle sections both for shorthorns and Herelbrds ; and over twenty awards are offered for competition in the pi;;, poultry, and dog sections. In the two latter sections we notice that non-members will be allowed to compete upon payment of an entrance fee of live shilling. Should the weather prove favorable the Exhibition ought to prove r. iuarkc.l success. TIIK ACTIOS BYRNE V. 1'.I:I?MIXI;HAM.—In the Supreme Court, Sydney, on the 4lh inst., in the action Byrne v. Benuinjiani, tlie Full Court Mused to grant a rule nisi for a new trial. Tiie action was on a building contract, to which defendant pleaded never indebted. At the trial the contract and specifications were put in as evidence. One, clause in the contract slated that il any alterations were deemed necessary or expedient, the completion of thern would not invalidate the contract which was lor two or three thousand to lie spent on a large building of one flory only. H.v the evidence it appeared that tinone storcv had to lie so raised as to liecomc two storeys. The architect valued the amount of work done''considerably less than plaintiffs claim. At the trial it was argued that under the contract the architect's certiticate was final. On the certificate produced, the architect had written the words " final tiling." Plaintiff demurred to this, aud entered a protest that it was not final. The Chief Jutice, who tried the case, told the jury that the clause in the contract did not. under the circumstances of the case, make the architect a judge whose certiticate was final, or in other words, that the architect was a final nidge. The question now for the Full Court to determine wa* whether the Chief Justice's ruling was right. Their Honors were clearly of opinion that the alterations to the building were not of so slight a character usually considered .is alterations in buildirg contracts. They Mere so extensive a character as to be almost diff erent work, and consequently the architect's decision was not final. Their Honors refused to disturb the verdict in plaiutilfs favor. Dr. D-movan appeared for the defendant, to apply for the new trial. \Vonoxi3A POLICE COURT.—At this Court on Monday, before Mr. J. Bumbrick, and Mr. Jno. O'Callaghau, Andrew Sutherland and Benjamin Leech, weie -charged with having robbed and assaulted one ThcoJorc Maudlin, at Buthauga. on lbe morning of Sunday the 2nd iustant. Mr. Emerson defended the accused. The evidence of the prosecutor was to the following effect:— About an hour alter midnight be left a store at Bethanga in the prisoners' company ; when they bad got a short distance from the store the prisoner Leech tripped witness up, and an other man concerning whose identity witness was uncertain, threw himself over witness's legs ; Leech meantime held witness by the throat, using one hand for the purpose, and with the other baud rilled witness's pocket; ill this way witness was lobbed of £10 in notes. The prosecutorWMS cross-examined by Mr. Emerson at some length, and denied that he had told three men that he was uncertain as to whether Leech was the man who robbed bun. Several other witnesses havin been examined for the prosecution, and the case for the Crown having been closed, the Bench, on the application of Mr. Emerson, discharged Sutherland, who was subsequently called as a witness for the defence. Mr. Emerson then addressed the court and called several witnesses three of whom deposed to prosecutor having told them he was not sure it was Leech who had robbed hint, and that he had only accused Leech in the excitement of the, moment. Prosecutor on being recalled admitted that he might have said what had been deposed to, and in the face of this admission Mr. Emerson's application for the dis charge of Leech, was of course complied with. JERILDEUIK HACKS.—A correspondent at Jerilderiu writes as follows :—The morning of our annual race-meeting did not augur well for the success of the gathering. The sky was gloomy and overcast with heavy clouds, a cold wind was blowing, and there was every appearance of a heavy downpour of rain. Fortunately this promise was not fulfilled, as towards afternoon the weather took up, and with the exception of a shower in the evening there was little to complain about. Had the morning, however, been more favorable I believe the attendance, which considering the circumstances was fairly good, would have been still more numerous. Toe racing with one exception was good; the arrangements of the stewards admirable ; aud the minor amusements peculiar to the racecourse, well represented. Iii fact from what came under m.y own notice I believe the gambling fraternity met with a larger amount of patronage than they would he likely to obtain at an Albjlry race-meeting. The handicapping frit all this evenj^ was first rate ; in some of the races no .amount of judgment or experience could Ijavp succeeded , m -placing the liorses nearer" togptfebr}!, and the: pfficiale , 5pf, jthoVcluV general!^ gaE^i. jevefy' Mtisfacibion to^Ue pivaejs ol horses and the public. The Mai-Um Pl^ of on govs U mi es, was won bv Mr. Crolte g m i S Jli Mr B Tnl«> and Mr. TuiiibtiH's Zebra third. The H llurdle Race brought six horses to the atari «g pos mnJiigst which Mr.Cunningbames le.^ was "enenillv considered to have the best clunot. irClke-l however at ll« first eapand jiltlioUL'h his jock after a good deal ol Uou It S ! » h J i 2 U » " T - T S K ^ d timber, he baulked agian at the second himlV, and lost all chance of the race, which was wou n a canter by Mr. Turnbull's Orlando, with Mr M'Dougall's Rob Roy second, and Mr. Brett s Prince, third. For the great event of the da. - the Jerilderie Handicap of 50 sovs. 2 mile, »ith a s„eep of 2 sovs.. five horses laced the startei s fhv This was n capital race from btart to tinisli, and was won after an excellent tini«h by Mr. M'Kee's Bel.nore (8.4. 3lb.) with I'm^ds Newmarket (7st. 12lb.) second, and Mr. M-Kav's Blackthorn (8st.) third. It wasi the opinion of some of the knowing ones that it remarket hail been called upon a little earlier m the race he would have landed the stakes, but so ar as 1 could see tiie jock rode with considerable judgment, and the horse was beaten fairly on its merits. The next race was a Selling Stakes of 20 sovs., which brought together the largest held but one uf the dav-elcven horses. For the best part of a mile the crowd might have liecii covered with a blanket, and it was onlf when thev began to turn into the straight that Ximblelout, Lrownlock, and Merrvjig were seen to bedrawnig ahead of the rest. These three preserved the lead to the end, and finished in the order given, i'or the Town Plate of 30 sovs. there were six entries, but or these one was scratched, and only live horses came to the post. Newmarket was the with Smuggler second, and lletman Platott thmt. The Consolation Slakes was the most interestin. event of the dav. Twelve horses started, aud kept well together at racing pare from the pimp. Molly Darling was the winner, wiili Blackthorn second, and Merrvjig third. Upon the whole the meeting may be considered as the most sud-essfui that has ever been carried out in this district. UK.VN.V.—The local paper reports that at n special Court uf Pcttv Sessions, before Messrs. Samuel M'Caughev, William Walker, aud Joseph Weir, J.T., the ' resignation of Mrs. Bridget Widdup, as poundkeeper, was accepted. Four candidates for the vacant otlice were then examined bv the Bench, and the choice fell upon Mr. R. A. C. Mills, who was then formally appointed. Auctioneers' licenses were granted to Benjamin Cullev, Samuel Martin, and George Hanley Barwick,'respectively. Andrew Irwin was charged, upon the information of Constable J. W. Glenfield, as Crown Lands Bailiff, with removing gravel without a license ; as there veie extenuating circumstances connected with the case, the Bench cautioned the defendant and ordered him to pay costs of court. A petition from the inhabitants, praying for the establishment of a Small Debts Court, was received, and the matter will be represented to the Department of Justic. S.MAI.L DKBTS COURT.—The usual monthly sitting of this court was held on Tuesday, when the following cases were dealt with :—Mee v. Azzopardi, claim for £115s, goods sold and delivered ; order for amount claimed and costs. Fr.vnkcl v. \V. Ilealey, claim for £6 14s 9d, goods sold and delivered; order for amount claimed and costs. Andrews v. Haberecht, claim for £5 ; order for amount claimed and costs. Same v. Davidson, claim lor £6 0s Gd ; order for amount claimed and costs. Crawford v. Davev, claim for £2 14s; order for amount claimed and costs. Jno. Ryan v. Davey, claim for £7 7s Gd ; order for amount claimed and costs. W. Davidson v. J. E. Davey, claim for £4 16s, goods sold and de livereil ; order for amount claimed and costs Fugger v. M'Kay. This was a claim for £3 damages on account of the alleged poisoning of pig. Mr. Thorold for defendant; plaintiff did not appear. Case dismissed with costs of three witnesses. Plunkett v. Isaac Manns. Plaintiff in this case sued to recover the sum ol 7s, value of a dung fork. Mr. Thorold for plaintiff; Mr. Nagle for defendant. Mrs. Plunkett, wife ol plaintiff, deposed that she saw defendant take lip a dung fork belonging to plaintiff, and chop off a portion of the handle bearing plaintiff's brand plaintiff went lip to defendant and claimed the fork, but the defendant refused to give it up defendant subsequently on the portion of th handle chopped off being brought to him. said " Well if the handle is yours, you can't swear to the fork ;" defendant then pulled out the handl and took away the fork. Thomas J. Plunkett deposed : On the 10th May I saw the fork inside Cobb and Co.'s stables, where the defendant is working ; I. claimed it as my properly ; de fondant said " You're a liar ; I swear that the fork is my property ;" defendant utimately took off the handle and threw it at me, keeping the fork. To Mr. Nagle : Defendant did not tell me my son had given him the fork ; my son has no authority to do anything of the kind. The defence set up was to the effect that defendant on entering the employ of Cobb and Co., had found the fork in dispute in the stable, and that there was no handle in it. After a time bavin occasion for a second fork, defendant took tbii one, and asked permission of plaintiff's son to use an old handle lying in the yard. Plaintiff's son gave permission, ami defendant put the handle iu the fork. Defendant had since left the stables, and he left the fork there where he had, in the first instance, found it. Verdict for defendant with costs £1 13s. Gd. CHICKJJT AT COHRYONG. — A correspondent sends us the following account of a recent cricket match between Cudgewa and Corryong :—The weather being fine the match attracted a good number of visitors. The Cudgewa team were first to take the wickets but the elc/en were soon dis-, posed of f or the particularly small total of 13. The Corryong men then went in, and managed to srirape together 34 runs. This put the team in Jijgh father, and the Cudgewa players .were considered to have uo chance of the 'mulch. iBut alas for the uncertainty of cricket, the tables were yet ,o be turned, in a very complete manner. Tlie Oudgewa eleven in their second inninRa playcd with greater caw and better luck, and thc conseiiuencc was that before their last wicket fell they had totted up the very respectable score ol 74, making a tolil of 87 for the two innings, and leaving the Oorryong men 54 runs to get ini order to win. This task the Corryong team failed to accomplish, and the victory thus remained with Cudgeiva. The following is the complete score Oudgewa.—First Innings : J. Land (captain) —total 13. Second Innings : J. Land 27, A Bi-iggs 3, T. Whitehead 2, W. Hanna9, H. Dobmson 1, W. Whitehead 1, T. Dobinson 1, W. Hanna •2 T. Brigas 0, II. Dobinson not out 8, W. Hanna 1G, sundries 5—total 74. Corryong.—First Innings : A. Harris 4, H. Murrell 4, J. Harris (captain) 3, T. Sheather 3, H. Sheather 0, J. Waters 1, F. Kleppcl 0. J. Anderson 5, R. Sheather 0,1. Waters 4, W. Owlish not out 0, sundries 10—total 34\. Second Innings : A. Harris 1, T. Sheather 4, J. Harris 1, J. Waters 0, J. Anderson 3, H. Murrcl 0, H. Sheather 4. T. Waters 0, W. Oldish 1, F. Kleppel 0, R. Sheather not out 0, sundries 4—total 18. ""THE LOCH ARD DISASTER—A Melbourne correspondent writes:—" 1 do not suppose that it is generally known that Mrs. Stuckcy, who untorlunutelv perished in the recent wreck of the Loch Ard, was the daughter ol one of our earliest pioneer families. She was one of the many daughters of Mr. Dight, the well-known originator ol Dight's Mills, and her sisters occupy well-esteemed positions in Victorian society." THE JERILDKRIC CEMETERY.—We learn from the local paper that the sum ol £110 has been set apart for the purpose of fencing in the Jerilderie cemetery. THE SANDY CHEEK REEFS.—A correspondent writing from Sandy Creek says:—Willi few exeptions, the reefs here are looking in anything ut a flourishing condition. These exceptions are Fan-ell's and Crowe's. The proprietors of the latter manage to make about £5 a week ; at least, they did so at the last crushing, and the 6tone they are now taking out looks even better. From rumours which come from an authentic source, tis said that two men in Farrell's reef crushing with only a hammer, in less than a fortnight, got more than £400 worth of gold. This reef is about i foot wide, and if the above report is true, it must be one of the richest in the colony. The company's reef, I am sorry to say, is not turning out very well—being hardly able to pay expenses. This, too, is the case with most of the other reefs, which have difficulties to contend with that the company has not. In the first place, the stone has to be carted some distance, and the charge for crushing is so high. I am of opinion that if the charge for crushing were reduced, many of the reefs now lying idle would be worked, and profitably too; but the proprietors do not care to be working for the benefit of Messrs. De Faye and Co., and at a loss to themselves. The mill is at present idle, and is to be so for two months, to enable those raising the stone to get out a sufficientquantity to keep it goi ng regularly once it starts The stopping of the mill lias thrown a few men out of employment; aud as there is but very little capital in the district, they have already gone to seek fresh fields and pastures new. We have a few grievances here, which trust the authorities will soon remedy, The first is the want of a mining-registrar. The nearest registrar is at Yackandandab, more than twenty- five miles distant. It takes a man two days to go and coine, besides the expense, and it sometimes is hardly possible to register within the 48 hours. This grievance alone has caused some litigation, and is likely to cause more. The next is the want of an electoral-registrar, by which some twenty or thirty men are disfranchised. Last, but not least, our mail arrangements. At present we get our mail on Saturday morning, and it leaves on Monday evening. Considering the population and the number of lettters passing to and fro, we ought, at the least, to have a triweekly mail. Through the present arrangements, a letter may be lying for a week only ten miles away from you, aud you cannot get it. I trust that the postal authorities may soon effect a change for the better. GOVERNMENT GRANTS FOR AGRICULTURAL SO- CIETIES, &c.;—The following notification appears in the last issue of the Victorian Government Gazette :—Agricultural Societies.—1. The sum of £391 shall be paid to the Wimmera district Pastoral and Agricultural Society, the same being the amount of the Government prizes awarded at the spring show of the said society, held atStawell on the 17th, 18th, and 19th October, 1877, under the auspices of the department of Agriculture. 2\. The balance then remaining on the vote, viz., £6609, shall be divided among the societies making claim ou the vote in proportion to the amount awarded and paid away in prizes by each between the 1st January and 31st December, 1877 ; provided always that two-thirds ol the amount so awarded dud paid away does not exceed the amount raised by members' subscriptions and private donations, and if it do exceed the same, then the amount so raised shall Vie adopted as the basis of distribution. The sum to be paid out of the vote shall in no case exceed two-thirds of the amount awarded and paid away in prizes. Horticultural Societies.—1. Each society making claim on the vote shall be paid a sum not exceeding the amount awarded by it in prizes between the 1st January and 31st December, 1877. Parks and Gardens.—1. A sum not exceeding one pound shall be paid to the managing body of any public park or garden making claim on the vote for every one pound expended % it on the improvement of such park or garden, between the 1st January and 31st December, 1877, out of the funds locally contributed ; .2. The term " locally contributed" shall be taken to mean the difference between the total expenditure incurred between the let January and 3lst December, 1877, atid the Go- ' vcrmmmt subsidy received during that period, or the balance of any subsidy prior thereto ,; 3, The foregoing clauses, 1 and 2 { shall not apply to parks and gardens within the limits of the city oi Melbourne, nor to tbe Botanical-gardens pf Geelong, IMPOBTAKT DECISION.—A decision- of aomo importance to auctioneers, commission agents (aud others, was given in the Metropolitan District Court a few days since, in a case tried before Mr. District Court Judge Dowling. From the evidence adduced it appears that a Mrs. James, being anxious to dispose of Bome property she held at Coogee, placed the same in the hands of Mr. Pritchurd, an auctibneer, for sale. The reserve price was £1500. Mr. Pritchard duly advertised the property, and • did tis best to effect a sole, but could not get a purchaser at his auction sales who would buy the property at au advauce on the reserved price ol £1500. Prior to the time of sale, Messrs. Jones and Crawley had interviewed Mr. Pritchard about the property, and received particulars. Some otiations between Messrs. Jones and Crawley, IMrs. James then ensued, and Mrs. Jatnen, rior to the property being put up for stile, with- the property out of Mr. Pritchard's hands. Srew Twelve months afterwards, Mrs. James's son effected a sale ot the property to Mr. Jones for £1000. Mr. Pritchard now sued Mrs. James for £25 for commission at the rate ol S& per cent on the £100. Mr. Pritchard, at the time the property was withdrawn, was not aware of the negotiations between Mis. James and Mr. Jones. Mr. Pilcber, for plaintiff, and Mr. Simpson, for defendant, addressed the jury. His Honor summed up and said the law was clearly in favor of plaintiff, if he was instrumental in bringing about tbe sale. The jury found a verdict for plaintiff for £25, which carries costs. DONATIONS TO THE HOSPITAL.—Tbe honorary treasurer to the Albury Hospital, acknowledges die receipt of the following donations :—£2 2a, forwarded by Captain Hare, being the surplus remaining in hand from the fuuds subscribed for the complimentary banquet to Mr. Gray; and ten shillings, amount of line imposed in a case recently lieand by the Corowa Bench. STOCK CROSSINGS.—The only stock item of importance for the week has been the crossing of 1436 merinoes and crossbreds from Burrowye, Upper Murray, for sale in Albury. HOSPITAL BALL.—At a special meeting of the committee of the Albury Hospital held on Thuredav evening, it was decided to get np a ball in ai<i of the funds of the institution. The principle upon which the committee purpose to carry out affair, is similar to that adopted very successfully in the case of balls got up on behalf of St. Vincent's Hospital, Sydney. That is to say the solid refreshments will be provided at tbe personal cost of the committee, and the liquors necessary will be purchased at wholesale cost, if necessary. It is hoped however that before the date of the ball, contributions of wine, &c.;, will be received from well- wishers of the charity, and that thus the entire proceeds of tbe sale of tickets, less only the cost of music and a few minor charges, will be clear profit to the hospitaL The ball is to take place on the 10th July. STOCK REPORT—Messrs. J. G. Dougharty and Co. report as follows of their sale held in Melbourne on Wednesday last:—Fat Cattle.—1382 entered for this week's sales, all Victorian cattle, with the exception of Mr. Smith wick's lot. We sold—128 bullocks for Mr. Findlav, of Towong, to £8 10s.; 65 bullocks for Messrs. Edols and Francis, Tatonga, to £8 12s. 6d.; Sl.bullocksand cows for Mr. M'lllree, of Biggera, to £9 10s.; 24 bullocks and cows for Mr. Wenklin, Wodonga, £5 12s.; 22 bullocks and cows for Mr. Smitbwick, Taliualmo, to £8 12s. 6d.; 22 bullocks and cows for Mr. J. F. Huon, Bunguona, to £7 I7s.6d. Fat Sheep.—13,253 yarded, including more good sheep than the trade were equal to purchasing, so that some had to be turned out unsold, and a considerable reduction on previous prices accepted for others. There were some good Biverina sheep, which were more iu demand than the Victorian crossbreds. Quotations :—Best crossbred wethers to 22s.; best crossbred ewes to 16s.; best merino wethers to 15s. DENTISTRY.—Mr. S. DE Saxe, surgeon dentist, Days his usual monthly visit to Albury on Monday next, the 17th inst. THE PRICE OP MEAT.—We have received several letters complainiiug of the high rates charged for butcher's meat, and one correspondent encloses the following scale of prices advertised by a WaugaratUi butcher :—Roast beef, 4d. per lb.; hcefstakes, 4d. do.; legs of mutton, 4d. do. ; corn beef, 4d. do.; neck of mutton, 3d. do.; fore quarter mutton, 3d. do. CONUITIONAL PURCHASES.—We published a few weeks since an extract from a Sydney journal to the effect that additional conditional purchases might be taken up on any day in the week as well as upon the regular land office day. This statement appears to have been incorrect. The Crown lands agents have received the following circular lrom the Department of Lands :—"Sonic misapprehension having arisen hs to the admissibility of applications for conditional purchases, if tendered on any other than a ' land office day,' I am directed by the Minister to iuloj-m you that the law clearly indicates that all conditional purchases must be tendered on a ' land office day, and the' land office day' appointed by the regulations is Thursday in each week.—I have the honor to be. Sir, your obedient servant, O. MOUIAUTT, Chief Commissioner." AUCTION SALES.—This day at noon Mudge and Another will hold a sale «'t the Cosmopolitan about 1500 acres of selected land ill portions ranging from 40 acres up to 280 acres, and situated m the parish of Cumberoona. AIBO this day (it the Globe Hotel, Mr. L. Solomon, will offer a number of town allotments situated ill Kiewastreet, Olive-street, and Sroollctt-strefet ,'<?» Monday, the 24th inst., Mr. B. Culley willed his first auction bale at Urana. '•" • ^ Jci , B, ™ ! « Stt°tbe foUowing which appears in^the It issue of the local paper :-^Jerilderie wan "siffiddttriiig the week of the races with a motley lip of thieves and sharpers, who were plying E vocations from Friday night up to Moudny morninc. The police are deserving of great praise f r the Win which they exerted themselves, and f!r the clever capturcB they effected, having ured no less than four ofTenders for larceny. £ PriJfty night a man walked into tbe Traveler's Rest Hotel, and took, we believe, five watches, and all the money he could lay his hands upon from the persons who were inside. On the racecourse on Friday night a country visitor was rouueu robbed of ui «••«• his watch, .«u.*vu,mu.itj and all the money he had. On C Saturday night ' " three " men tried ' to f> M wt into I. the _ Royal 4-Ua / Mail tmiQrt Hotel—they tirntra —j iih broke \fit the kitchen door open, the noise woke up Mr. Cox, who brought out his gun, which he discharged at them when the robbers made tracks as fast as their legs could carry them. On Sunday night two attempts were made to stick up Mr. Beverid«e's jewellers' shop, but the robbers were discomfited as Mr. Beveridge sat up all night—the first attempt was made at I p.m., and the second about four, in the morning. On the same night a man entered tho premises of Mr. Monasb, after midnight, but when the burglar was spoken to, made a rush foi the door, and ran down the back vard at a terrific pace. On Saturday night a man entered the chemist's shop, nnd was just going to take away some clothing when Mr. Garttnan saluted him in not very polite terms, whereupon the thief again vanished in an instant. On Monday night a drover was eased of £25, in notes, at one of the hotels. Every householder barricaded his door, and loaded liis gun before retiring to n'M, in order to give these midnight ruffians a wann reception. It is to be hoped that it will l>e a long time before we are again visited with such a sang of robiters as were here at the races. If the police had not kept watch nil night there would have been mora burglaries committed. THE VOLUNTEER FORCE.—'The following is a copy of the statement of all moneys paid on account of the al>ovc force during the year ended the 31st December, 1877, furnished in accordance with paragraph 51 of the "Volunteer Act, 1867," and printed by order of Parliament:—Salaries and allowances, amount paid. £6519 9s.; forage, allowance in lieu thereof paid to the officers of the general staff, to officers commanding brigade of artillery, Sydney and suburban rifles, one paid adjutant, and garrison cart horse, £620 10s.; travelling expenses, to general staff and voluuteer officers, £375 ; compensation in lieu of uniform, to staff sergeants and sergeant instructors, £81 2s.; capitation allowance, for artilleiy and rifle corps, £2632 14s. 7d.; lor uniforms, £791 10s. 51; musketry badges, issued to marksmen, £134; hire of horses, for field guns and mounted officers of artillery and rifles, £240 14s.; brigade band, contribution to. £300 ; rifle association, contribution to, £500 ; armoury repairs and materials incidental, including freight and cartage of ammunition, £809 14s. 2d.; collecting and cleaning arms, country corps, annual allowance of £5 each, £85 ; rifle ranges, constructing new butts, and keeping in repair the several rifle ranges at head-quarters and of country corps, BK); office rent, for General Staff, Volunteer Artillery Brigade, Sydney and Suburban Battalion of Rifles, £507 3s. 3d. ; 'for officers commanding the Northern, Western, and Southern Battalion Rifles, at £15 each per annum, £45 ; officekeepers, to oflices at head- quarters, £48: total, £14,089 17s. Cd. PRISONS REGULATION.—The following regulation lor dealing with refractory prisoners has been made by the Governor and Executive Council, and has been presented to Parliament, in accordance with the Act 4 Vic., No. 29, sec. 5 :—"68. The fiaoler j s empowered to cause any prisoner guilty of any breach of the regulations or other disorderly conduct to be kept in close confinement and upon half rations for any time not exceeding seven days, or until tbe arrival of the visiting J u S V. Ce 10 w,,ow ihe ,* circumstances of the case shall be reported, and who will, if be sees fit, require the prisoner to be brought before him for discharge or further punishment. The gaoler may place a refractory prisoner in irons, but he will not continue the use of irons for longer than fortveisht hours without the permission of the Comptroller-General or Prisons or of the Visiting Justice, and he will report in writing to the Comptroller-Genc-ral of bisons, as well as to the idling Justice, the circumstances of evcrv case "Herein be may have found it necessary to' resort lied 8 " 5 lluiiisuru of coercion as above speci- J, H E PHOJECTED AUSTRALIAN DOMINION.- Z? • tlu! Victorian provincial journals are Je p.V impressed with the idea of an Australian y ; col o »y in cold isolation. The K - c ? ' c ! ,1,nks il °vident that " New Soutli hnn « • Ausl,,ali ". nnd Queensland are now uuii on tbe inauguration of a Dominion, excludat . Tk> y 6a y ti,at the conferences held Ad I r * h mes S >' d " e - V > Melbourne, and co„ r i ,°"^he s , ub ) ect °<' Federation have all , ,21 ^ »R. '^eause Victoria refused to do deSJ n • , Protective tariff, whilst they nil to. ft ° S 1 t f bl,sh thc ""ion upon a free-trade Sln,,hi l r ? 88 ° f th , 0BC colonies now further to111° ± th % d ?« cr wl »<* would be attachable °y a<inU^,,s Victm ' ift > a c count of her elemil £T rat ! c . l^nciplcs and the peculiar l n |jl,, ir ediu conduct of her rulera. isdom bumjoiu hnnrt iTi^'i !* uo JVew " Constitution, and wllh our Ict usHn fUl,? neighbors <if they will ever he P " U - nR a K J'? 1,d Uuion ' Should,'howto behon^l reform scheme, it is W U8t districtewill 1] e 11 aiid J r «ther outlying in a !SS2L« all T d , 10 oin the coloni^ coiueaeration which will, we are sure, be en- couraged by England, and would do more to advance the interest of this country than any scheme which t may be nowpuraling the brains of the Victoria Cabinet. With reference to the recent proposal made to sever this district from Victoria we respectfully draw the attention of the supnortera o such a movement to what the Press of the neighboring colonies is now advocating in the V?ctoria° f mftugumtins fl Dominio »>, excluding TRIFLING ABOUT GHOSTS.—Rather a peculiar case (says the Echum Advertiser of Wednesday week) la set down for hearing at the Heatlicote °®f? ourt At tho * intersection of Pohlman and High-streets, Heathcote, is situated a brewery, which has been untenanted lor a long time past and was said to have been tho haunt of a chost' some white object having frequently been seen patrolling the premises nt the invstic hour A young gentleman living not far olf was escorting a young lady home one evening, some two months since, and when passiug the supernatural^ promenade, beheld a white object in front of him. Without much ado, he riiBhed forward and struck the supposed ghost a heavy blow with his walking However, the ghost proved to be substantial flesh and bone, in the shape of a daughter of a trooper, who was quietly talking nt the place with a friend, she being dressed in a light-colored dress. Negotiations at an amicable settlement having failed, the father of tbe injured intends to brnijs' an action in the County Court to recover £200 damages. HIGGIXS'S CHALLENGE TO TRICKETT.—The public will probably be anxious to know how Trickett has taken the telegram, to the effect that John Iiiggins, the champion rower of England, has intimated his intention to row Trickett for the championship of the world. It may be as well to state that Trickett's equanimity is not much disturbed by the news. Privately, he has received no delinite information of Higgins's intentions, and thinks that when be does the time will then arise for speaking derisively of the matter. Many people have sneered at the Englishman for takiug, as they think, an unfair advantage of Trickett's accident to his hand. Trickett knows Hig-ins personally, and entertains no such opinions of his character. At the same time he argues that, as Higgins is the best man in England, he will, if he comes to Australia, prove a most formidable opponent. As Trickett wishes to act fair and above board, he speaks very decisively on the matter of challenges just now. His hand is still bad, although the wound caused by removing the joint of the third finger on his laft hand is healing well. Until it is perfectly healed, however, and becomes strong, he thinks it would be unfair for any one to challenge him to pull. Evev when he has recovered the effect of his injuries, it is a question whether his rowing powers will not be interfered with to some extent His remark is, " If a man's fingers are not intended for use, what are tbey there for ?" He does not think his chance of success will be marred by bis accident, serious though it has been. He is very solicitous about the interests of his friends, and bis principal desire appears to be to do honor to his country and j nstice to his backers. If Higgins decides to come here at once, it will probably be five months before he can train and pull a match with Trickett. By that time Trickett's hand mav be well; but if it should not be, he will not pull whatever the consequences may be, for he dislikes accepting the chances of failure. His anxiety is for his hand to get well, that he mav row any one who challenges him. Trickett will be very happy then to see Higgins or anyone else. In the meantime, he has the sympathies of the people here and enjoys their coufideuce. A VICTORIAN-MADE STEAM-HAMMER.—Another proof of the ability of Victorian manufacturers to supply the most intricate machinery equal if not superior to that which is imported from Englaud, has just been given by Mr. James, machine maker, in Hawke-street, Wes; Melbourne. He has just completed, to the order of an agricultural implement-maker at Kyneton, a steam-hammer, which is the first turned out here. On Wednesday it was tried at the manufactory, in the presence of a number of gentlemen well qualified to judge of it, and they expressed the utmost satisfaction with its working. It is very compact in form, and an intelligent boy of fourteen is able to work it most efficiently. This steam- hammer is on the Rigby principle. The frame is a hollow casting made to receive the cylinder at the top and the anvil block at the bottom. The cylinder is six and a halt inch bore and sixteen inch stroke. The piston and rod are forged in one piece, and the piston planed flat on one side, and works through a corresponding gland, which acts also as a guide. The valve is an invention of Mr. James, and is nil improvement on other kinds of valves, being cylindrical and balanced, and HO constructed that the steam has a more direct action, and it allows the exhaust steam to pass away three times as quickly as in other valves. By that means it does not choke the hammer for the next blow, and with thirty pounds of steam pressure it will strike a blow of 14 cwt., and from 300 to 400 per minute. Tbe hammer under notice is made for general smithy purposes, and to the order of Mr. Alex. Cockbiirn, implement maker, Kyneton. It c;in also be constructed for doing any kind of stamping in iron or tinware. It is Mr. James' intention to protect the valve by patent before it leaves tbe premises. SINGULAR PHENOMENON.—Mr. N. Jhrlley describes in tbe Brisbane Courier the following singular phenomenon A mostcurioiis instance of how optital illusions may obtain in a clear atmosphere might have been" witnessed this morning (May 15th) lrom any of the high hills near Brisbane. From some cause the shape of the Main llange and Mount Flinders appeared to bo distorted and altered as seen from Brisbane. Mount MitalieH'a hollow saddle-back became flat. Cunningham's Gap, which is cup-shaped, appeared this morning io have perpendicular sides and a square top and bottom. Spicer's sharp peak was also meiged in a square lop. The outlying peak of Mouut Flinders, to tho north of it, which is conical as seen from Brisbane, bad a beautiful pair of square shoulders growing out on each side, below the summit, and it looked like Mount LindBay lor the time. Mount Burney had not escaped the general distortion, and the projecting knoll near the southern and eastern summit was bulged out of all its national proportions. The whole scene was like a stage Ureatn, and the mountains appeared enchanted for a time, or as if some earthquake had altered their old well-known shape during the night. There was not a cloud in the sky, so there was no mistaking the curious illusion', and under a most powerful telescope which I brough to bear upon the scene tho appearance remained tbe same ; the rounded corners of the mountains seemed walled out into square corners, earth, sum-tree*, and all. Ihe whole illusion gradually faded from half-post 9 , , fl : m » w!u?n the mountains had resumed their ordinary aspect But at 7 a.m. the scene was very remarkable, and tbe more so when we remember that Mount Bumey is 90, Mount Mitchell 70, and Mount Flinders 30 miles from Wickham-terrace, whence I saw the appearance named, and which, though I have often looked at ttie mountains from Warwick, Ipswich, and Brisbane during the last 24 years, I never saw anything like it before. THE LINE ISLANDS.—It is stated by the Fiji limes of the 8th May that the Patience returned lrom the Line Islands on Saturday. The following report of attempted kidnapping by the crew of the Storm bird, a vessel hail in- from Wahoo, oaudwich Islands, Johnston or Jackson, master, at the island of Miamia, Gilbert's Group, has been communicated to us :—On the arrival of the Patience at this island, the above-named vessel was found lying there and living the English fla". bhe lelt immediately. On proceeding ashore for the purpose of recruiting, tbe natives informed Mr. Meader, who speaks tbe Tokalau language with the greatest fluency, that the crew of the otonnbinl, consisting of some seven men, headed by the mate, all armed with revolvers, had been oil shore and had attempted to kidnap several persons, principally young women, including the wives of some of the white traders resident on tbe island, the trailers being absent at the other end lsland nt the tiine> i )J s surmised that the sudden departure of the schooner was caused bv their mistaking the Patience for a cruiser. In consequence of the conduct of this vessel the natives were naturally terrified, and had not recovered from their panic ; thus but few passengers were obtained by the Patience from this island, as they appeared suspicious or all white men. Had it not been for this circumstance she would have obtained a full complement of labor, as a great many had expressed their intention of coming to Fiji by her, on her last visit. The btormbird had brought four women, who had been picked up adrift and taken to Sydney, back to this island at the cost of tbe English Government. One of these women died at sea. and when the other three were lane cd at Miamia, the captain refused to hand to her relatives some 20 lbs. of tobacco which had belonged to the deceased. Some few davs before the Patience reached Onoto or Clarke's Island, a French transport ship bad landed on that island some 202 people, all belonging to different islands. Most of these people were kidnapped some years ago and taken to Stewart's plantation in Otaheite. If one of these natives is landed on any island other than his own he is invariably plundered by the residents ; so that if even these people succeed in reaching their homes they arc sure to lose the whole of the fruits of their years of enforced service. A .NEW MACHINE.—A new invention, called the Sleeper Adzing Machine, lias just been brought out. The machine is lor preparing railway sleepers to receive tbe rail. To do this to suit tbe specifications of the South Australian and New South Wales Government lines it is necessary to cut four cuts across the sleeper, and remove'the parte between the two outer cuts to a level of 1.26 inch. This is now accomplished by the machine at one operation, in a far more true and perfect manner than it could be performed by manual labor, and at a fraction of the cost. The machine exhibited for trial has been manufactured by Messrs. Wright and Edwards, from tbe designs of Mr.Swinbourn,of the Melbourne Steam Sawwnills to tbe order of Messrs. Barry, Brooks and Fraser. for the Port Augusta rail way, S. A.,for theconstruction of which they are the contractors. It is so constructed that it will travel along tbe line, being made on its own wheels, receiving tbe sleepersfrom one side of the line and depositing them on trollies, cut to the guage and ready for laying. At tbe trial it was proved that tbe machine was capable of cutting and adzing at tbe rate of 500 sleepers per hour ; and further, that tbe sleepers, if twisted to an extent of live- eigbtlis of nn inch, are still cut perfectly true ami out of winding. Previous sleeper-cutting machines have been made, but this one differs in its construction, as all the operations of feeding the sleeper while being cut, and self-acting delivery, are performed by the machine itsell, thus savin- labor and preventing risks of accidents, the only labor required be.ing to place tbe sleepers in rotation on the machine. Tiie cost of the machine is about £120. It is intended to drive it by means of a small portable engine, fitted with'wheels t<> suit tbe guage of railwnv being constructed. This i* tbe second machine delivered within the last, month, and several IIK.IV are requited FOR diber lim-s in course of construction in the colonies before mentioned. Tlie machine was tested in ihe presence of tbe Commissioner of Railways, and nearly all the leading contractors of tlnV'and tbe neighboring colonies, and pronounced bv them to be per- fectly succeesl'-.l.— REPORTERS' "PIE."—A delicious picce of "pie" was nearly being served up to tbe readers of a Liverpool paper the other daj\ The previous evening its reporter had to attend a meeting at a Wosleyan Chapel for the conversion of the Hebrews to Christianity, after which he reported the address given by General II. Y. D. Scott to the Polytechnic Society on the conversion of sewage into lime and cement. In tho printer's hands the folios got mixed up, and the report read :—The chairman, after the meeting had been opened with prayer, explained that theconvereion ot the Jew was one of the greatest works that conld engage the attention of our sanitory authorities. Filtration was the most perfect method that could be adopted for purification, but a filter had its limits. There was a popular notion that the sewage contained avast amount of wealth, but the sludge must be taken outof it for purposes of irrigation, aB it otherwise choked the pores oi the land, and they were a wandering race, spread over the whole face of the habitable globe. They were denied tbe inimitable blessings of Chnstunity, which might be counted by thousands of tons per annum allowed to run waste, when bv a judicious admixture of lime and clay, the benighted Hebrews who sat in darkness might easily be made into lime ami cement for building purposes, and if tluis deodorised, after being thus dried and burned in a kiln, this ancient race would once more take its proud position amon« the nations of the world. Subscriptions were earnestly solicited for the purpose, though he (the speaker) disclaimed any idea of making a profit out of the process, aud in conclusion, he urged increased efforts in the good work, showing that, thus deodorised by a very novel process of evan- gelisation in large tanks constructed for the purpose, the Great Hebrews might flow over the land without injury to vegetation, whilst the expense of conversion, which was progressing as rapidly as the best friends of Christianity could wish, would be mere than repaid by tbe sale of the phosphate of lime and valuable cement for building purposes. TREATMENT OF DIPTHERIA.—" I wish to suggest to physicians, in treating diptheria, to use internally a veiy weak solution ol carbolic acid, aud ior the throat or fauces a solution of hydrochloric acid, about the strength ol'a cider vinegar. I have treated every case successfully so far with tbe ab'ivenamed remedies. Croup is relieved instantly with tbe acid solution. As far as my experience goes, tbe last-named remedy stops all morbid development in the throat as surely as the hoe will stop pig-weeds on a hot, sunny dav. Apply it to the throat with a brush or sponge, or use as a gargle."— TRAINED MOSQUITOES.—The man who trained the performing fleas has gone into a new line, which outdoes his previous efforts, and leaves the singing mouse aud performing pig a long way behind. His new venture is nothing less than a full band of trained mosquitoes, which is thus described :—But the straagest thing going on now is the mosquito band. It was a long time before any one could be got to believe in it, in spite of huge posters in its praise on every blank'space. The v hole thing reads like a gigantic hoax, and yet, in fact, when seen, it is simple in the extreme. Now this disbelief is overcome, crowds go every day, and even 150 can listen to it at the same time. You know I) , the man with the educated fleas; Well, be is the originator of this mosquito band. He found, after a'time, that his fleas began to fail in drawing—not their coach, but the public—so he set bis brain to work to find some new sensation. His thoughts naturally fell on mosquitoes, and he started at first to train them as he had before trained fleas. He found them much more intelligent than lie had expected, and thctime was notfaroff forexbibiting them when a new idea struck him. Being continually with the little creatures he grew so accustomed to them and their sing, sing, singing, that be got to know one from another by tbe tone of its sing, sing, sing, and the idea that struck him wa<=, could not this difference of tone be utilised in some way 1 The idea, as is the way with ideas in some men's brains, grew and grew till it resulted in the making and patenting of the mosquito band. Let me describe the natnre of this band before I tell you its glorious effcct. It consists of twenty square wooden boxes, about six inches square each way. The tops of these boxes can be opened or shut by drawing them back as may be wanted. Attached and at right angles to the top of each l>ox is a fine but very powerful sounding-board. Inside each box is a complete lining wire of close network which can be quickly rotated. In each box is placed a lijcsquito, each mosquito's sing-sing being of different torn-, so that tlie ill mosquitoes in the 20 boxes ina<b; a diatonic succession of 20 tones. D lound some difficulty, at first, in getting mosquitoes for tlie exireme* upper and lower notes ; but by some means or other which is known only to himself he modifies the normal sing-sing by artificial means. The band is played thus .-—The wire networks of all the boxes are set in motion, so that each mosquito must, willy-nilly, keep in constant motion, and so give forth a constant singing. A note is snuiided by the top of tbe box being withdrawn, when the sound, impinging on the sounding-board, istlience instantly sent back to the audience greatly increased in vol nine. By these means D is enabled to play a great variety of airs. But the most remarkable thing of all is the ethereal softness, purity, and tenderness of tbe music rendered. Its efleet is indescribably pleasant and fairy-like, thrilling through the brain, and lending a god-like intoxication. In proof of this I may tell vou that tbe crush io bear is so great, and those w ho have once, beard are so anxious to come again, that for the lirst week only 5ou people entered—150 is (he largest number (bat can hear nt one tim<— tb.' saiii.! individuals coming in again aud again. This, however, 1> l, n $ now stopped, lor be has made a rule that no one shall come in twice till the whole town has been. There are 500,000 inhabitants, so it will be some time be!ore we who have once heard it get another chance. THE BEAUTIFUL MANSION OF CHOMI.IX. near Stirling, belonging to tbe Hon. Captain Drumll MW UIVUUUUU l/Ul if V" 4 ' able organ was, however, pawl in a damaged state. Many thousands of pounds damage was done. In consequence of a gajfp save tbe pro» pcrty were to a greatt extent neutralised. Aye. Dr. Bachelder in Journal of Chemistry. 