On stepping from one period of time to another — as these are known by the land-marks of history, the seasons, the mechanism of the heavens, or clock work, or even, by the events in the calendar of one's private life- — it is often salutary to take a survey or the past, so as to ascertain whether substantial progress has been made. The divisions tend to break the monotony of life, hut some of them stand out from the others because of their signifi cance or broad boundary line. The past is full of accomplished events, some of which are shaded with sombre clouds, while others are more propitious ; but they are of practical value, inasmuch as the .lessons they teach make the thoughtful step out carefully in the future. We think it will he admitted that the social atmos phere during the past year has been healthy and invigorating-, consequently there is an improvement in the general tone of society. In no country do we find the people as a whole more indus trious than in South Australia. Among all classes there is a strong desire to make headway honestly, which is seen in a striking manner among the agri cultural portion of the community. They have spread themselves over a large extent of country, and by hard toiling have -succeeded in making homes, many of them yet being in a primitive state ; but the prospect of greater comfort, if not affluence, stimu lates them to exertion. It is feared that the expectations of many will not he realised as regards the produce of the present harvest. The crops at an early stage of growth bid fair to give prolific returns, but later on the ap pearance of rust caused no little anxiety? and tbongrfi i» ouio vf the areas the damage done by that disease may have been comparatively slight, it has done much damage in the old districts. To many it has been a trying season he cause of the wheat failure, and it is very evident that the average yield will be far below what was anticipated. The agriculturists have had difficulties to* contend with, for the crops were a comparative failure the previous year, but the high price given for cereals to some extent made up for the deficiency of yield. Notwithstanding these draw backs substantial progress has been made in reclaiming the %vaste lands of the Crown. Had there been rash speculation in land the scanty returns would have proved most disastrous; but as the majority of farmers calculated for contingencies their course was shaped accordingly, and they will beable to hold on. The mining interest has during the past twelve months been slightly de pressed owing to depreciation in the value of the article. Several companies have on that account been compelled to work in the most economical man ner. Poor ground has therefore been abandoned, and by tbat means a num ber of men have been discharged, com pelling them to seek other kind of labor. The old Burra has been stopped altogether, and some yonng but pro mising mines have also for a time ceased working. The depression has been felt throughout the colony, and it has given a slight check to business, hut not sufficient to cause alarm. There is a prospect of a revival in that interest, and perhaps before long greater acti vity will be seen in the mining centres. Viewing the past in a political aspect the country has reason to be satisfied. The representatives of the people have in their place in Parliament sought to pass measures that would advance the best interests of the colony. The open ing up of the country by railway and the liberal Land Act, which will soon be in force, will necessarily attract population, who no doubt will find their way into the interior, and thus lead to the speedy development of the resources of the colonj'. The last session has been by no means barren of results,' although some important measures have been allowed to remain in the background. Very little lias been done to encourage settlement in the Northern Territory, or to ndvance it in any way. Had facilities been given for traSc between the gold- bearing reefs and PorrUarwin there might have been a large mining population there ; or had encourage ment been giv«n to persons desirous of cultivating the laud and fostering in (ii-tries the place would Lave been more promising. There would have j been a prospect of a large revenue from i that quarter instead of its being a drain '. on the Treasury ; but notwithstanding the checks to progress that have been felt, we enter on another year with a fair prospect before us. The colony is daily becoming more important, and its advance is steady and reliable. The influence exerted in the present day by literary men is somewhat surprising. No one will question the vast power of a good and and clever writer. A book written in a plain perspicuous and easy style will gene rally win for itself an amount of success. Very often the reputation of a writer is established by one book. If an author's first publication meets with, popular favor it needs only to be mentioned that succeeding works are hv the same writer to secure for them a wide distribution. The power which some writers have in arousing the passions of their readers is marvellous. Where is the reader of general literature who has not laughed and cried again and again as he has entered into sympathy with the hero of a well-told tale, or been carried away with some narrative of history perhaps stranger than fiction ? The pen which is able to produce effects such as these, and to hold us as in a spell by which we are unable to lay aside a book until finished, is certainly exerting a wondrous power. A writer pos sessing aptness of illustration, power of de scrintion,aud a fertileiniagination,conibined with a good modicum of common sense, will generally gain for himself success. Perhaps tbe art of public speaking is not a less powerful agent than that of writing. The man who by his oratorical power gains the popular ear possesses a talent undeniably effective. The* eloquence of the early Grecian and Roman statesmen and philoso phers often moved the populace to the carrying out of great undertakings, and very often in modern times a speech from a general or leader of public opinion has acted as a talisman urging on to the performance of illustrious deeds. Generally, to be successful, the public speaker must have at heart the subject upon which he expiates, and his great aim vrill be to try and induce others to think as lie thinks, and believe as he believes. To be able to speak in an interesting and thought ful manner without previous preparation is an art difficult to acquire, but when it is ac quired it is often the case that speeches so delivered are the most effective. A good presence,. pleasant voice and manner, easy and graceful elocution, and self-possession are qualities not by any means to be under rated. Evidently ia a large and mixed assembly polljsjUaliic words and scientific terms should be avoided as much, as possible. Fancy a lecturer on the art of pliotography delivering himself as follows : — ' Then we replace the slide in the shield, draw this out of the camera; and carry it back into the shadowy realm where Oocytus flows in blac'i nitrate of silver, and Acheron stagnates in the pool of hypo sulphite, and invisible ghosts trooping down from tlie world of day, cross a Styx of dis solved sulphate of iron, and appear before the Rhadamanthus of that lurid Hades !'' We doubt whether one in five hundred could or would have ventured to follow him from the 'shadowy realms' to 'lurid Hades.' However familiar technical and scientific terms may be to men of culture, they should remember that all have not minds trained to the same extent. Quota tions from ancient authors are sometimes admissible, but in the present day they are not to be taken as signs of classical training. Gentlemen practising' the healing art some times use words which however suitable to their own minds are often calculated to terrify their own patients. Some years ago a physician, while in his consulting-room, thus addressed a surgeon — ' You must not fail to phlebotomise the old gentleman to morrow.' 'I will never suffer it,' cried the sick man in a fright. 'Sir, don't be alarmed,' replied the surgeon, ' the doctor only orders you to be hied.' ' Ok ! as for the bleeding,' replied the venerable patient, ' it matters little ; but as for the other, I would sooner die than endure it.' Who would*blame our aged friend for such a determination ? What sane man would submit to the barbarous* and excruiating operation of being phlebotomised ? The Gazette of Thursday last gives the re turns of land sold and cash, received by the Government during the month of Novem ber. The cash sales realised £5,130 Gs 2d, which was made up as follows : — Township lands, for over 15 acres, £198 5s; suburban lands, 1,631 acres, £4,059 9s 8d; lands which had passed the hammer, £413 : pur chases completed under 10 years' lease, £3S6 ; small blocks in excess of area allowed to be selected, £73 ils Cd. The credit sales embrace 56,865 acres, the amount agreed to be paid being £69,972 15s 9d, and the in terest deposits £G,997 17s. The purchase money of 55,211 acres of newly-opened country lands amounts to £56,579 ; and for 1,(354 acres forfeited lauds again offered and selected £3,393 los Od. In addition to the above the following amounts have been re ceived : — Completion of purchase of 10,959 acres under Act 14 of 1868-9, £22,879; payment of half purchase money under clause 22 of Act 18 of 1872, £1,9G3 12s Gd ; second instalment of interest, £3,815 16s : extension of credit for half purchase money under clause 22 of Act 18 of 1872, £102 2a 10d. The grand total payment on account of land during the month was £42,G82 Us lOd. For improvements the sum of £891 3s was paid. New Magistbatks. — The Gazette of December 27, notifies the appointment of the following gentlemen as Justices of the Peace : — Messrs. J. Ooombe, of Jamestown : ID. Stephensou, * of Georgetown ; J. L. Coombe and \l. W. Stewart, of Port Pirie; C Stouftman, of Yarcowie ; and P. Ward, of Oanowie. Staple Produce Returns. — The re turns of the staple produce of the colony exported during the week ending Saturday, December 22, give a total value of £151,209. Passenger Returns. — lhe passenger returns at Port Adelaide for the week ending Saturday, Dec. .22, give a tota1 of 231 inwards, and 340 outwards. Produce Exports. — During the week ending Saturday, Dec. 22, the total quantity of wheat exported was 38,729 bushels : flour, 1,726 tons; brau, 72 tons. Northern Post-Offices. — It is noti fied in the Gazette that on and after January next post-offices will be opeued at the fol lowing places: — Pinda, near Beautiful Valley ; Wandearah, near Crystal Brook J Kings wood, near Beautiful Valley 5 Wil lochra, near Kanyaka-, Telovrie, neai- Port Pirie; Thistle Beds, near Kooringa; and Charlotte Waters and Alice Springs on the overland telegraph line. Railway Traffic. — The following is a summary of traffic on South Australian rail ways for the week ending December 22: — North Line— Passengers, £1,048 8s 9d5 goods, £1,823 4s 5d. Port Wakefield and Blyth Liue— Passengers, £2012s9d; goods. £198 16s Gd. Port Pirie and Gladstone Line —Passengers, £45 2s -3d ; goods, £^37 3s 7d. Port Brougkton and Barunga Line — Passengers, £i 3s fid ; goods, £2 I03 8d. Newspapku Law. — As there are so many persons everywhere who are taking news papers that are negligent about the law on this subject, we give it that all may read and understand what they must do, and that publishers of newspapers have some rights which are given to them by the laws of the land. 1. Subscribers who do not express notice to the contrary are considered as wishing to continue their subscriptions. 2\. If subscribers wish tlieir papers discon tinued, publishers may continue to send them until all charges are paid. 3. If subscribers neglect to refuse to take their papers from the office or place where they are sent, they are held responsible until they settle their bill and give notice to discon tinue them. 4. If subscribers move to other places, without informing the pub lisher, and the paper is sent to the former direction, they are held responsible ; notice should always be given. 5. The courts have decided that refusing to take a paper or periodical from the po3t office, or leaving it uncalled for, is prima facie evidence of intentional f l-aud. Cable News. — We clip the following London telegrams from the Adelaide dailies : — The army of the Czarewitch has crossed the Lom, cutting the communica tion between Hustchuk and Varna. The combined Russian and Roumanian forces are approaching Widin. The snowy weather impedes operations everywhere. The Varna Roumanian Railway is blocked with snow. The troops are suffering terribly. Eleven men and thirty horses have been frozen to death close to Bucharest. The Suitan has proclaimed the deposition of Prince Milan. The Armenians ia Constantinople have re fused to serve in the army. Russia has granted a subsidy of a million roubles (£160,000) monthly to Servia. Tbe Turks are preparing to evacuate Sophia. The Turkish prisoners at Plevna are dying of cold, and it is feared aid is impossible. The Servians have taken Ak-Palanka. The ^bombardment of Nisch has begun. Seventy thousand Turks are leaving the Quadri lateral in Bulgaria for Adrianople. The Servian attack upon Turkish positions in the Stara Mouutaius has beeu repulsed. Austria lias forbidden Servian operations in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Servians, assisted by 8,000 Russians, have attacked the Turkish rear. Mehemet All Pasha reports successes iu Bulgaria, and that he has driven the Russians back on Tirnova with a loss of 3,000 men. Suleiman Pasha has garrisoned the fortresses of the Quadrilateral with a portion of his forces, concentrating the re mainder at Adrianople. It is believed that the Porte has resolved to continue the war to the last extremity. The Servian troops have captured Ak-Palanka, Lescovatz, and Kurchuailie after severe fighting. They afterwards crossed- the River Morava, and began bombarding Nisch. The fall of Erzeroum is imminent. The German Press considers English intervention improbable, as British interests are not affected, and. urge that the three Emperors must deter mine on the proposals for peace. A silver ball has been inserted iu the Pope's leg, which has relieved him from pain. Cricketers' Detser. — After the play was over on Saturday the Kensington and Clare teams sat down to au excellent spread in the Clare Hotel. Mr. H. E. Bright, M.P., occupied the chair, and after the removal of the cloth a number of toasts were given, aud the company was enlivened with several songs. Shoot:ek& Affair. — Reporls have reached us that a woman was assaulted at Nelsbaby on Thursday evening last; also that there had been a row amongst the workmen at that place, aud that one of them had been shot and it is feared fatally. A police-trooper was fired at while attempt ing to arrest a man, and he was obliged to procure assistance from. Port Pirie. [Since the above was in type -we have learnt by telegram from Port Pirie that George Pox, Samuel Cock, William Smith, and. John Fahey were cbai-ged with committing au indecent assault on Mary Ann Hill aud Catherine Yeat. Fox was discharged, and the other three were remanded till the 2nd inst. Jacob Youug, Elias Jones, and Enoch Hill were charged with firing at Trooper Newnham and others, and committed for trial at the criminal sittings.] Fatal Affray.— On Christmas Day two men named M. Doyle and W. Webb quar relled and fought outside the hotel at Waterloo. After both, had fallen, they shook hands and parted in a Meadly way. Next morning Doyle was found dead in bed. Police-trooper Davis, of Mintaro, arrested Webbj and an inquest was held on Decem ber 2G, when the following verdict was re turned — ' That the deceased, Michael Doylo, died from the effects of the n'/ht between hiiuso'f and W.-llism Webb ; that William Webb Is guilty of manslaughter ; but tailing into consideration the fact that during the fight Webb requested Doyle to desist, and ihai they subsequently shook bann3 and he catne friends, Lhey strongly recommend him to mercy.' Buggy Accident. — On Sunday last six or seven of the Kensington cricketers, who were on a visit to Clare, proceeded to Hill River to see the gardens. They were con- veyed in one of Ford's traps, but while going down Fisher's Hill the brake gave way, and the horses bolted. They had not proceeded far when the vehicle capsized at a cutting, and the occupants were thrown out with considerable force. The driver, T. Fitz- simmons, fared worst, as he was rather badly bruised ; the others, fortunately, escaped with a few scratches and a shaking. The pole of the trap was broken. 