ihc00i|niuall(l]'lii|am(]l^ WITH WSIOS II IKOOBFOKATKD THE LAUXCK8TON TIMES. Tuesday, Noveudbb bin, 1876. The ' Stoji liy Btep' Session, with its perpetual adjournments, ie dramng near its close, and Etill wo hear uot a hint of nny |iro[iosilioi for tho improvement of the port of Launccston, and especially for the improvement of tlic navigation of tho river Tamar. LaunceBton is the port of receipt nnd departure of Uio bulk of our mails, and an hour's dolny in getting over Kelson's Shoals, or tlic mudflats off Pig le'and, lmsoflcu caused tho mails for tho interior and sonthcrn end of the colony to ho delayed 24 hours. Consequently, tho reraorsl of the obstructions in the channel nt several points cannot bo considered a local question, as Iho commercial community of Ilokirt Tom, nro really more in terested in having the proper remedy applied thnn the i-ooplc of Lannceston ; BooinfT that the utmost delay in tlic arrival of n sk'amcr willi mails belivoon tho Heads nnd the lisr can never amount to more (linn three or four hou». The Marine Board seemed at one time disposed in obtain tho requisite information to lay before Parliament in n convenient furm, to show what was most urgently necessary for the improve ment of the navigation of the river, and U- oiiahlc vessels to pass up or down at all Rtal'.'S ofliile; but one of the mem bers ohjocled lo receive information from 'their servants,' tho pilots, several of whom linvc spent more than half a life lime in i-tnilying the changes which have graiSnnlly Inkcu place in those channel', which become so shallow at low vraler as to caufc detention. In stead of obtaining Ihc fullest informa tion possible from all eources, whether masters of vc-scls, pilots, or even boat men, the Kitgincer-in-Chief was brought lo Launceston to fay whether a wharf, not required, could be constructed on a plan which we are convinced will never Iw carried out. Attention has Ihns been diverted from tho actual requirements of the port, nnd the chief of these is a serviceable stenui dredge to clear n passago through the localities whero detention of steamers is caused at about low woter. The inittcr next in importance is tbo lighting the lending beacon towers at Jjow llenil. All tho other requirements of the port can be boroe by the revenue of tlio Marine Board, but theso arc be yond their means. If tbo bulk of the population of the colony is to coi.tione to suBfer from the vexatious delays in cvitnhlo from tho present etate of the river, they may count on a continuance of this for another quarter of a century before the Marine Board revenue can bear the expenditure necessary for cither purpose. The river is a splendid one, with a rise and fall of Ifl or 18 feet of tide at over 40 miles from its outlet to tlic Straits, nnd not ns described a couple of years ago by a southern contempor ary, n mere ' muddy ditch.' We find n truer and more graphic description of it in the August number of Tintlrg'e Magatine for 1870. Whether written by Mr Anthony Trollope or somo other ilistinguisliril visitor, it is n beautiful bit or word painting. It is entitled—' liy indices thus : ' I never thoroughly iin iIitsWioiI Edgar Poe's description of the Vale of Arnlicim — with its purple glories of wooded bill melting into n Kiicecssion of Inkes ns (lie traveller Bailed in bin barge straight into the glowing mneet— until I went up the Tamar to Lannceston. It. reminded mo of tbc Scutch lake scenes, more especially that ii.-nr I.urli Katrine, where the moun tains roll forward and the river doubles had;, just ns the Tamar docs. I am conscious that I ought to hnre been re minded of some place much Ices known, and, consequently, much more noirerful or illustratiro purposes than Scotland, but I wasn't. As we rteamod np the wide river, with its swelling banks, Us purple mountain*., and its scattered wealth of bouso and hamlet nestling in its nooks and bays, I didn't think of Switzerland or Venice, or Kamtechatta, or 6talen Island, but only of the Trossachs. The houses had a Scotch look about them ; and tho littlo church that guards tho littlo village under tho cliff had such a very Scotch look about it, that one almost expected to sec a flat bonnet and a green plaid peep from behind the gateway. Uut LauneeElon dispelled the illusion it once. Laonccslon is English ; essentially English. Something like a mingling of Torquay, Scarborough, and Kingston. It has the hot-honsc warmth and the luxurioua bodgerows of Torquay, the terraced cliffs of rjenr borongh, and the shining sleepy river of Kingston. L»unce«ton is generally a sleepy place. The big trees sway sleepily, and the old-fashionod bouses pnll tlicir blinds down to keep tho after noon sun from their old-fashioned furniture, and dozo comfortably nndis turbej. The old-fashioned Brisbane Hotel seems to have boon tokon— land- lord and landlady and all-out of 6ome eleopy old English country towu, and to have accommodated itsolf placidly to circumstances without asking any im pertinent questions. There is also an old English church at Launoeston. A big, cool, shady, old church, with diamond pancd windows, and such an air of Kent about it that one looks ronnd in volunlorijy for tho rookory and the big elm tree from which naughty Giles Jolt broke that bird's nesting leg of his. At the coach offico— a sort of Valentino's cottage embowered in cool foliage— the world was asleop also. Tho coach — stolen from that old English inn, where the immortal Bagraan'e immortal uncle had suck s tcrrihlc dream — was roosting, so to speak, in a 6ort of private garden of its own ; and tho coachman, according to tho state ment of a gentleman who was twirling a mop to a hissing accompaniment, was asleep too. I have said it was an old fashioned coach ; and tbc coachman, coming quite rnsy, not to say jocose, from bis slumbers, was old fashioned too. He wasn't quite like Tony AYeller, for bo was bigger ; but ho was about as like that illustrious man as he could bo expected to be, and the way in which he tied himself up in a muffler, and then put about half a dozen coats on in a gravely business-like way, had a Wcllcrinn air about it that is inde scribable. The guard, moreover, was in a rod coat, and blew a horn ; nnd the four horses — ' tits' the coachman called them— got away towards tho Post Office, with a decided desire to look as much like tlic Bath Mail (price 20s colored) as they could do under the circum stances. I asked the coachman nliont a talked of railroad ; bu*. he scorned to think that Uie prospect of it was no far oft* as to be really nowhere.' This is how others sec as in a state of Rip Van Winklcism, while we are under the fond delnsion that we arc quite a progressive people, alive to all tho natural advan tages which surround us. Tho old English church referred to so lovingly by our visitor is Trinity. The coach office is Page's, that soloni? kept by Georgo Morton, beside tho Club Hotel, the coaches perching at the top of the lane, in view from the office. The Tasinanian Tony Wcllcr, a native of the colony, is poor Avcry, n genial, eix foot native of Tasmania, a boy at heart, though nearly CO years of age, and who died bo suddenly not long after lio waB thus quaintly sketched for 'Tinsley's Magazine.' Gut we shall have many more intelligent visitors from the dear old land if wo will but encourage them to como this way, by clearing a passage through the Tamar for our steamers. 'Doing' Italy, Belgium, Switzerland, tbc Matter bom, and all the ancient lions of what was formerly tho grand tour is going out of fashion, and the new grand tour will include New York, the Do minion of Canada, California, nnd the chief cities and towns in Australia and New Zealand. The Prince of Wolcs, our future king, will probably mark out tho now route before the end of 1879, and his nephew, Prince Henry of Prussia or Germany, is now en route for Australia. Our public men shonld really give themselves a good shako, and try to wake one another up to the reality of 'the good lime coining.' With such loving remem brances as thoso penned by the writer of tho kind, but quizzical sketch from which we have quoted, circulating through British society in all lands, it is uot likely that Tasmania will be left out in the new route constituting the grand tiur in the Southern Hemisphere. In the meantime let something be done for the convenience of the public generally, something to give facilities for extend ing our trade and commerce, something to show that if we aro so English in appearance, we hare also Bomclbimr of English enterprise amongst uf, and arc not quite such— well, so apathetic as we look. AnsiVAL or the Enou»h Miil.— The lt.M.S.S. Siim anchored in Hobioa't Bay at 1 p.m. yesterday, and Iho s.s. Derwent left with tbe Taimanian portion o( tbe mails at 4 p.m. 6 lo might reach the wharf here by 1 p.m. tc-dny, pro vided Uio tide answered, but as it will not he flood lido till 10 o'clock to- night, it is impossible to iay at what hour she miy reach the bar. Tail it a fair speci men of tlic detentions and obstructions which are aunnaliy growing greater from tbe culpable neglect of the Government to appropriate a sup for the purpose of improving the navigation ohbo Tamar. PABLUHBHIiSr AND MUNICIPAL ELEC TION).— Tho Town Olerk notifies in out advertising columns that all persona wish ing to have their nameB on the Launccs ton Municipal Iloll, or on tho rolls for the district of Tamar or any of tho three Launcesttti o'octorjl districta, are ro queatod to loavo their names and quolin cation, nt the Town Olork'a Office, Town Hall, on or Worn the 24th instant. The Hhindui KrAiir.— Wo have re ccivod from tho secretary of tho Post Office a sample of tho now cightpenny posl&go; Btnmp. The stamp ia tlio u.ual plain uut neat Queen'a bead, 6urmouulcd liy tho word Tasmania, and tho words oislit-ponco in tho border at tho bottom. Tho color is n pilo clioccloto, but co nrnr the color of tho three-penny stamp as to cause inconvenience to tho post office officials. In stamping letters m-t Urindisi it will bs nocoaaory to look closely at each stamp to see whothrr it may not bo a throe-penny. Tho eight-penny itamp will bo a convenience to tho public, who can placo tho roquiaito amount of postage on a half ounco lotter in one elainp, in Btoad of using two or more. Tho eight p.'liny stamps woro supplied from London, and the paper, the clearness of impres sion, the gumming and the perforation are all superior to the stomps printed off I and supplied from the Government Print ing Office here, VOLVHTBIH PABADE— PbESENTATIOS to Sieobaiit-Maioii Uabtiki — Lut evening llie Launoeston Artillery corps and tho Launoeaton detachment of the Rifle corps brigaded together for the first time, under Lient-Oolonol Home.. Thare ware 189 men on paraio, divided into throe compauios. No. 1, under oommand of Captain Ilarrap i No. 2, Captain Juat ; No. 3, Captain Aikenuead. Tho men auembled in tho drill room, Volunteer Buildings, and companies having been prjved, they wero formed into aquaru, when Lieut.-Colonol Homo called for Sorgt-llajor Martini, and, on behalf of tlio oflicaraof the Ilifloriwime ,t, proaunted him ivitk a handiorao artUHry in'ord and let , of bcltf, in recognition of the services rendered by liini in drilling tbo rifle , dutachmenl. Tlio Colonil1* speech was brief end lo the point, and the Sorpeaut H»j T replied in equally laconic and ilTc tiv.) tcrai. Tho companies wcro then lirjkjn i,fl and reformed outside the building, when they were exercised in batallion movements pnlhewharf. Tho drill wai gone through very mditiUr, apd «™ eipect lo see a moit successful field day on Monday next. A tv parade the officer! mot to arraugo about tho mesa dinnor to toko plaee on Monday afternoon, and details having boon aottlod, the mooting broko up. We aro requested to say that thoro will be no drill thia evening, but that ou Thursday evening next both oorps will be again brigaded together, prepara tory to tbo movements contemplated on tho holiday. Ball at Govbbkmknt House — Wo a» informed that a ball was given at Government Home, ltobart Town, lost ovoning, in honor of the visit of U.U.S. Wolverine, when thoro was a large and faahionablo attendance. The Wolverine leaves Hobart Town on Thursday next. Tashakian Abt. — Mr PiguoniU of Hibarl Town, has now on 4iii easol, to the order of a Liirneeaton gentleman, a large and splendid oil painting of Ben Lomond, eki-tched from a point between Avoeaand Slony Creek. The picture is not sufficiently advanced for definite criticism, but it promitcs to be ooo of tbe btst productions of this talented artist. Wo h d an opportunity of viewint; several tf Mr Pieuenil's Bkolchef, winch will come under review on some future oscas'on. Tns LAONCEsroN Savings Invest ment asd Building Society.— We have received from the Ven. Archdeacon Halea, chiirmsn or director!, a circular addressed to the shareholders for their in formelion prior to the annual meeting to be hold on the 21tt instant. This slates that after a continuance of eleven yoar^, the din Cora thought it do-inble to obtain the assistance of ono of the most eminent actuaries in the colonies, in order to examine eearehin|;1y into all the affairs of the sorietv. He «ai eupp'ied with what ever information he required, and the neccaiary correspondence will account for a con-idtrable porliincf the delay in hilling the annual mooting. Theaociety hai obtained from Mr Ulack a cirt:Geile that iti basis ii touod ; its scale ol re payments moo-orate, fair, and euiucici-t; its expenses of management most cco nomicil;and its nuceisi suili as to Batisfv every reasonable pirion. Mr BiackV rc 10 t in full is appended to tho circular. Mdkicipal Rite-.— Tho number of burgeBsosin arroar in the payment of ratofl ia B3 largo that another batch ot suin monBos waa handed to tho summoning officer yostorday. Thia entoiU up -n the defaultera an expense of half-a-crow wMchthey might avoid by going to His Worship Uio Mayor or collector, and arranging to piy by inBtalinenta when they are unable to pay the amount due at onoe. OoBBBcriON. — In our report of tho fotrobe show wo stated that Mr J. Grabam lud obtained second prize for tho beat hunter up to 1 1 stone. It should have boon Mr A. F. Bramich, who obtiiued socond prize with his veil known mare Native Lass. Btseet IunovEMESTS.— The foot Sitlis in Kuzanoth-Btroet botwoen at. ohn and Charlcs-Btreota bis boon won derfully improved. It ia no longer uneven, but equally ovcllod with Band and mortar, thus mailing a woJV. a plwv aura rathor Uun a ililliculty. Tho g«ps in tho roadway higher up aro also being fillod in. It ia trusted tliat tlio improyo lucntx will bo carried higher up Uio hill, and that Arthur and Wolman stroela will also come in for thoh- share. Por tions of Charles street have also been macadam! od. Railwat Sates, Pbincb of Wales' Bium-DAY— It is announced that return lickc'B *v ill bo insucdat single fares from and to any station on the Tasmanian Man Lino lliihvay by traim utoriping thi real, on Saturday, tlio Dili, and Men day, the Uth inst., available (or the re turn journey liil Tuesday, the 12tb ins*. Excursion trains will be attached to tlio train leaving Launcoiton on Monday, the lllbiost., at 8.30 a.m., and will run oi far a- Anlill Ponds, returning to Liuncoi ton at 8.10 p.m. In llio columns for ad vertisements will be louud the fares to tbe various stations at which this eicuraion train will mIL Cuoiul SoclETt— The hon. secretary to the Launceiton Choral Society requesti members of the orchestra to punctually assemble at a quarter to eight o'clock. Elizausto Street b'cnooL.— Two male and one female pupil teachers aro required by the Board of Education for tho above school. Applications ato to lie made lo the head teacher, Mr Eidd, to whom reference may be made for infor mation as lo du ties. Westbcrt Wobkino Men's dm — The honorary socretary to tho Wcstbury Working Mou'a Club auuouucos in our advertiaing columns that tho annual meeting will be hold on Wednoaday, tho 13th niBtont, when all members aro re quested to attend. Tho members will meet in .the Public Library at 9 a.m. The procession will bo formed at 10, Divino tiorvico will commence at 11. and tho com pany will sit down to dinner at lp.m The programme of sports will come off after dinner. Doudlb Taxation.— A gentleman, who for Ihe pres;nt is a re ired legUlator, has directed our attention to tbo doulilc action operation of llie proposed taxrs on mortgages and dividends, in t!ic case of1 tbe Cornwall Insurance Company. Tlic anoual meeting was hrld on Friday Iss!, and ono item of rcccip:s wns 1.300-1 18s 7d int.ro-t on mortjagcf, iho iulireslon which, at S percent, or Is in the nound would be 18')! Ss, leaving a balance o 3124! ?3s 7d to be paid undivided., and therefore, lo bt put throuRh the mill again under the Is in tin pound on divi dends, would reduce it to tbe extent of ln/Ssmno.or 35W10i. in all nearly 10 percent, to bo paid out of iho 38Oi 18\. 7d I This it how tbe mouey would go under the oporation of too twin fleecers. DrviNO.— On Saturday afternoon a boai'acrew, with a diver from H.MS Wolverene, was enBnged (tbo Tri'mnc sets) off tho A.g.le-.lrK.t pior, the divi r Foircb.ng for llie c .il of rope wliich it is supposed was thrown ovir m the 27ili ultimo by tbo trulrrman Jaeolir Attired in tho nenasaty hab.t, the diver descended and searched the bottom, but on ace untof Ihe muddy and cold nature \- f the water ho was compelled, aft r tliree altemp1-, to desist. A larto crowd assemble 1 on tlio vrsiols I vine alongside the pier, to m.nyofwhom th tlght of a direr wsb a noveity. SaluoR— Another fine specimen of what is alleged to bo a pure salim ealar Iho Mereitr]/ ssys, has been brought into town. It was hooked off Wiio's Monarch wharf opprsite tho resideneo of Sir II. Officer, ftc* Norlolk, by Mr llaynor, who only succeeded in lacding it alter trying for two bourn. It meiBures over 3ft in length nnd 10 inclua in brcadih, and wriclis 20;io-. Those in terested can 600 Ihe u'.li at the Mari- or'« Compisi Hotel, Murray street, where it in on vjew, LaTBODB — We observe that new ptaoB have been drawn for Ihe promises of the Dank of Auilraluia at Litrobr, and lenders an invited for the erection of the building. Messrs Heed and Barnes, of Melbourne, are tbe aroMteolr. A Gallant Resope — On Satnrday foronoon, Bays tbe ZKuimc, a man named Sbepbi-r!, who was m the vieimty of (he mouth of the Constitution Doolt, whilst in a slat - of intoxication, was observed by aomo ponona Btanding by to overbalance himself and fall inlo the river. In a moment Constable Arthur Anderson, who noticed Shepherd's perilous position, threwclTha cost and iumpod into tho ?oicue. He did not at first find the Ii owning inebriit*, but bofore a f«v leconds clapaed he felt hinisolf boinc lracced under, water by S'lepbiri. udersnn tried his utmost to free hims. lr, but waB unsuccessful, and it wdb apparent ; - tboie oi the wlia'f that unless somo is*i-taneo wore itnmpdiatfly rer.dere'i i' B-as ponMblo bith men would perish. Two or three othcri were about divine; to Anderson's assistance when a boat reached tbo Beene, and tho men were taken out of tbe water. Shepherd did not appear to be any tho worse for bis ducking, which did not hive the effect of sobering him, but Anderson waa some whit exhausted. The former waa taken to the watohhouse,' and tho latter went lome. Wo understand that it is not tho first life that Anders in hu succeeded in savingaUhe ri»k of his own, end we feel sure that his gallant conduct only re q'lires publicity to ensuro seme Bubitin lial recognition. Eoooii Droii Aocumatisbbs.— The Wellington correspondent of tho South Atatrdian Seguter aaya :-' You too have your WatotworkB IliU for facilitating the 'supply of wator to the City of Adbkido. In thia we beat you hollow. Wrtbin the laatOino yoari we have had betwoon forty and fifty Waterworks Bills through tho House, There is scarooly n city or town in NowZotlsnd but what ia working under a Wa'erworkB Bill. You also have a IW.bit Bill. So have wo. They breed hore by millions and oonsumo the runholdera' graas, so that many have lain utterlv impovonBhod. llarea are now doing likewiso for young trees, vinoB, and farm osculenta. Sparrows, instead of atioking to worms and ca'orpillars and ?achliko nouriBlung things, now give their whole minds to consuming seed whoat, oats and barley. Phoaaanta are equally voracious and destructive. I ihould much like to bo at the. hanging of some chair man of an Acclimatisation Society ; for these auociatiooB with their wretched eiithusiaata havo done more to relard tbe progress of a now country than will bo tuado good in ever bo many docodes. Why, sir, while Parliament site only once a f oar in Wellington, that city can Bhow that its annual average of earthquako sums up a total of two hundred and eleven. So says Dr. Hector, tho Govern ment Geologist, one of whoso functions is to chronicle all earthquakes, and to, if possiblo, trace thorn to thoir first causo. In this he lias not been bo successful as bo has boon in accliin&tiBing; birds nnd fishes, tho former of which costs tho colony half a million a year in tlic loas of graa*, and the lattar novor coming to ii)aturity b causo of being consumed by the ocIb which abound in our rivers and which holn to fatten tlio Moon. TnB Use of Labob Loams.— Tho Wellington correspondent of the S. A Beghter reinarkaj— 'I rank myBolf toong thoso who believe in Urge loans; as large as wo can raise them upon our oredit, locstiBe our national wealth, as yet but partially dovoloped, together with our onorraous areas of unahenated fertile lands, aro more than equal to any strain we havo yet thought of placing on them. If in after years thoso who bavo succeeded us complain of the public dobt wo havo left them to contend with, tho ghosts of thoir forefathers will ariso and Bay, ' I.o, behold tho rich inheritance which has Icon left you in tho hundreds of miloa of i*a!Iu-avb : in vour bridges, vour harbors, your breakwaters, your rivor ombank rhents, your roads, your docks aud your public buildings. Aro thoM words no Ihingi Wo whose bodiearest in graves mado your country what it now is i -what it never would havo boon but for us. Are ullthcBODOt worth Iho, outlay V That's what our ghosU w 11 Bay if ghosts are per mitted to appear on earth and speak their sentiments It cannot but be that South Australia, olthough probably not so rich in natural wealth as Now Zealand, will be nblo to moot tho interest upon all you may borrow, and it should be for thoso wbo como after, who will bo reaping the har vest, to bear their share of past public ex penditure.' 