SYDNEY GOSSIP. • [JEOM OtTEOWN COEEESPONDENT.] Ohob moro tho roxcd questions o£ Boworago and water supply aro occupying great attention. Tne typhus fever that is now prevalent in and about Sydnoy havo awakened a special ooncern that Bteps may bo taken that will end in a eafo and proper drainage for tho oity and suburbs. Tho pipes now emptying their filth into tho harbour aro doing almost as muoh injury ta tho health o£ tho citizens as i£ it wore remaining stagnant in the mains. By a roflox action tho pestilential air from and around tho pollutod waters of Port Jackson is borno baok to tho land whenco it is from to the remotest parts of tho metropolis. Tho hydraulic onginoor whoso opinions oost so mueli, and havo brought forth so little, advised that a publio sowor should bo constructed along Bourko-streot to Shea's Crook, a schomo that would havo met with general opprobation, and would have prevented muoh of tho nuisances, which now is causing diseaso and death. When tho horso is gone tho stablo door is shut,bo when a scourgo shall broak out and sweep away half tho inhabitants, our rulers will bo frightened into the necessity of carrying out tho projoots suggested by competent authority. The sad tales that havo reached us from Xurrajong gives an idea of tho horrors of a fevor, plague ; and if a similar panio was to seizo this oity, what a stato of things would follow, not worse as far as tho individual was conoernod, but moro terriblo on account of tho , moro oxtouded fiolds for its operation. Death has ovortaken tlioso peoplo in its moBt harrowing form, for tho sick and suffering havo been compelled to leavo their homos and lie undor hastily -constructed shelters, racked by all tho burning agouios of fovor. This terriblo affliction has boon all the worso through tho foars of othors. Tho sufforors havo, in Bomo cases, been neglected through the foars of contagion, Tho typhoid has been created at Kurrajong by tho masses of decomposed vogetablo matter brought down by tho lato heavy rains. Tho groot insuranco caso, J. E. Manning against tho Now Zealand Insuranco Company, was concluded on Monday afternoon, after a protracted trial of fifteen days, with tho jury finding a vordiot in favour of plaintiff, with £7000 damagos, and £140 for threo months interest. Poor jurymen! and in fact poor OTeryl/ody--whd was forced' to attend the ^ crowdod, stifling Court during the weather j which has so lately afflicted us. There was something so original nnd amusing in a great deal of tho evidence tliat the timo and circum\x=req-\ stanccs and BurroundingB were somewbnt relioTcd. Pastor Allen's laudable attempts to cause | bloodshed and murder liarc not succccdcd to the extent ho might have hoped for. As far I as Ilia own personal safety was concerned, he took precio«s core that a body guard of friends should protoct him from injury. When lio last Sunday, had finished his wild rantings on liberty—such a tirade as one might suppose j tho fanatics in the Frcnch Revolution epoch j might have uttered—ho was safely conducted , homo. If it had not havo been for tho display of tho green and orange colours the ox- I cited feelings of tho crowds would not hove been provoked to fighting point, which but j for the promptitude of tho police, who | wero mustered in full iorcc, lifo might havo been sacrificed. As it is, some persons who only joined the mob for tho purpose of seeing the fun were severoly injured. What a comforting reilection for j this gentle shepherd to know that ho has been tho means of causing Buffering and expense upon fellow creaturcs who have not even contradicted liis presumptioua and un\x=req-\ charitablo assertions. Tho mob did somo damage in tho Park both to trees and fences, j I and when wo remember tho vast assemblage that assembled it is only wonderful that I serious mischief was not done. But how long is this sort of thing to be allowed to last? Polioo and Volunteer forces wero called out on Sunday to put down riots ; our pleasant Park turned into a Pandemonium, and respectable females deprived of their Sunday walk, with their children, and illfeoling desseminated throughout tho entire community, all for the satisfaction of a few mou au<l wiUul bigots. Mr. I/assctter, tho bead of tho most pro\x=req-\ minont and flourishing establishments in this city, was onterlainod by his numorous employees at a pic-nic at Chowder Bay. Tho weather was anything but pleasant; nevertheless tho excursionists continued to enjoy themselves. Thoro was an ample and inviting spread in readiness in the upper saloon in the main pavilion at tho trysting-placo. Of courso tho wherewithal was thero to do honour to tho toastB usual on sucli occasions, and when the Q,ueen and tho Governor and Our Guests had been drunk, tho Ladies and tho Press afforded a laudable excuse for another. Mr. Lasaetter, wlio is now on a visit to Bydnoy, has for many years resided in England' During his absence the great prosperity that liiB firm has onjoyed is mainly attributed to the ability of Mr. Jackson and Mr. Green, the managing directors, whose talonts and zeal have been recognised in tho fact that they are now partners in the business. Our neighbours in Melbourne are now almost in tho position of tho ancient mariner' wlio said, " wator water everywhere, hut not a drop to drink." They have lost their water supply through excess of rain. Thoir Yan Yean supply, tho boast of Melbourne, has been out off by- tho bursting of tho channel through which tho cloar waters are usually i convoyed to tho city, and thoir secondary sourco is absorbed owing to the great demand i which tho scarcity has created. Tho unfortunates people aro said to bo reduced to drinking Yarra water, supplied in casks. Victorian poots, having a limited field for tho exercise of their powers, havo occasionally written of " Yarra Yarrn, flowing flowingj but whatover its pootical merits may bo, it certainly is not a pellucid stream, and any- j body who ie obliged to drink its water is not j to bo envied. Fortunately, if rumour is not j unjust to our neighbours, thoy do not drink much water when thoy can obtain anything stronger, and tho uso of tho Yarra for a few days will not produce any consequences that cannot bo obliterated whon a purer tap is turned\x=req-\ In one o£ our public journals the alarming announcement ia uiado that tho devil will soon bo in Sydnoy, and also a ghost. That his Satanic majesty has long been residing amongst us in eog. fow will doubt, but what evil may wo not dread whon ho bclioves ho has subjects sufficiently numorous to advertise his coming. Not only aro wo expecting theso mystorious visitors, a ghost and a devil, but wo havo a lady lecturor, who professes to bo under spiritual iniluenoo whou dolivoring her discourses. But although bIio assumed to bo tho mouth-piece of angelic beings, olio does not uttor anything superior to tho common\x=req-\ placo lectures of ordinary mortals. Wo have also another fair lecturer, who has declared herself tho champion of tho Churcli of England against all comers, which aro up to tho present non est inventus. Tho licot, which for the last few weeks has boon half killing us, was roliovod on Saturday by ono of tho most violent southerly busters over witnessed. It came on with a violence and suddenness that gavo no warning or afforded timo to proparo against tho mischief that it was bound to do. Tho day began with a hot wind which, in a fow hours, seomed to blast man and naturo. At about three o'clock tho sky darkened, and then followed a hrick-fioldor of the wildest and darkest description. City BuburbB and tho harbour wero soon covered with clouds of dust as with a pall, and it is no exaggeration to nay that tho rod sand doscondod on bal\x=req-\ couies nnd roofs in buckotsful. A knight orrant of tho Don Quixotic school might havo spent his valour in vain in trying to cut tho flying dust with a sword j and it is quite cortain that ovory ono in Sydnoy during this visitation muBt have, at ono dose, »wallowed their inevitable pint of dirt. Tho waters of tho harbour, which but an hour boforo sparkled to the praiso of their own loveliness, and wero dotted with yachts and pretty white-sailed craft of ovory description, woro, as by magic, transformed into dark and disastrous scones. Boats wero capeizod by tho dozen, and tho pretty Mistral, tho famous rival of tho Magio, was drivon on tho rocks, where eho sustained somo damage. Among the shipping at anchor considerable mischiof was wrought, and on land verandahs and ehimnoy pots wore swopt away. Tho ice man with his pretty pony cart ono and all woro swopt away down tlio street by tho violonco of tho tempest. After the storm somo refreshing rain foil, sinoo whioli wo havo enjoyed cool weather. 