ELECronaL Lists.-A court for the revision of the electoral lists for Argyle and Goulburn will be held at tile court-houce, Goulburn, on Wednesday, the 2-th instant, at eleven o'clock a.m. Cnrscar .-A match was played in front of Day's cottages on Saturday between elevens of thile Temper ance and Young Ausetralian Clubs, with the following result: TEfrPEf..LCE CLUB : tir . Inningr. Scronad [nmngs. IT. Pirsehouse,b. IMaybo ...... 4 b. Mos ............ 7 . Los, b. is- bsei ..:........... o b.. lay ry .......... 0 W.oPr=ehosetnior, h.sIo l 24 b.Neobit ............ 10 L. Bab.l, b. .eTbury .-........ 0 it. Psoceihous esinr., b1. Nsbit.s. E. hea:hrrby, b. ilnbnry..... b. Nesbi ......... ... . WeaIt crby, c Campbell...... 2 not out .............. J. iAslln ,b. I oaybnry .......... 0 II. artcer, not out ............ 2 a. sofeld , b. Moos ............. 0 noat oot............. 7 A. 3itehcl b. Mabory ........ t c. ?aybr m y .......... 4 Sondolps.o.. 4 Snoandress.. 6 Total............ 14a. F0e0a Aoft e Istm in 'Lo. r Sibson, b.s Weatherby o .. ;............ 7 alingeon,c. Mitchell, b. isoo .............. s : Nesbit, s.b.w,on b:oatherby .............. 0 Mnaybusry, . WH . urh a se J rb. lme .. 20 Camrbel, nut l, ran o . ...... . ... Mosa , at C. Weathuirby,'b; E. Weathelby .. .liockcey, . Le.................... .. Bioonic, b. Le .......................... 4 Fowlr, not out ......,. :..r: .;.:-r.:;.::- 1 Byes;:. t......... 6 There os thbing time to finishlthe game, it goes by the r theooult of thc fimtiirnings in favor of the Tem pomrancc Club. TIEr :-WsoLaoss SoroliT- SCHOOL anuniversary ssrvicreswill be held on Sunlday and Mtondays nllt, particulars of which ill beto found in our advertisieng columns. PRluMti iV M orunno s.--The nTe. ML. Studds, who succeeds MLr. Waters at Goalburn, was enter tained at a frarewell tea-meeting on his leaving fudgeo and presented with lla illuminated address expressive of thle esteem in whichl lie and rs. Studds are held by tle congregation at that place ; also with a pirse of sixtysiglht sovcreigas. Torsrisc -.s\L.rn.- 0n Saturslday last a trotting match canie off on Ir. (Gibson's prvate erourse at Tirrallna between Major, a Iay lony the property of Messrs. IH. Stnckleyand Jolhn Chiisobls, Wollogoms-g, and MIarcus, a cllhesot horse ibelonging to [Messrs. Il. and L. Faitlfull, Spring egld. Tie starke wmas £20 aside; the weight to lie carried by each horse not less thau 10 st. ; and tlredistan.e to be trotted, twvico round tile c,orsc-a bot two imiles and tilty yards. If. H. Voss Esq. officiated as judge, while MIessrs. Andrew Gibison and WalterDouglas followed the horses roiund to see that they trotted farly. A good start ws effected ; but almot imsmcediately Marcus got a slight lead which lie increased to several leungtls tlhrough IMajor breaking. Tile latter hoos ever soon made up his lost ground, and they trotted nearly togethelr to the half-oile post. Hero Major got a slighlt lead whichl lie maintained till coming into tile straight, whei sMarcus fint on a spurt and passed Ihin. Here Major againi broke, losing severral lenigths. Tlhree-quarters of a mile from Ihomo Iajor msade his rush, passed Marlicus vero quickly, and corning away in great style, eventually won easily bIy ablout sixty yards after a very pretty race. Time, 7 sin. 12 sees. The winner was well ridden by Willians Grant, who scaled exactly 10 st., while it is only fair to state thnat '. Dcaue, who rode Marcus, swan 22 lb. overweight. tVoLu.ATe:er COUrT Ox IrosUIasn- On MIonday evesing and yesterday a court of inquiry was held at thie volunteer oflle, Gollburnl, to inquire into a charog priefrcred bsy Lieutenasut lacsliShaw against Stalff-sergeant lloam of lhaving falsiiedtl the score imade bry Qouarter.-nastersefrgeant Trenery at the late muosketry instruction in Golburn. The meno bers of tle Ihoard were Major Iolborrow, command ing thie western battalion, and Captain Comrptosn, staff. The isnquiry was iheld with closee doors, and was not finished at tlhe time of writing, but is ex pected to be so early to-day. I?sehr. oveon Tne l.sU nr.weoE eT e Lesonowas.- Thie lirst pile of this strnoture owas h-irven yeslrerday. MsACiss:L.i:on's bAN.sxOl.i.A or Pa.n.lisn LsT was exhililod at tile nmeeanlnies' institute last evening before i fair audience. It is said to be the produc tion of Ilaehelder, tse talented artist and paillnter of the Anmerial eallr pasnoranl a shown lhere a fet days ago. Tile picturei s are about fifteen feet wide; and thongll the lecturer's absence was tilled by the pro prietor's who made is brief exrplaation of each view, all thos shownll were much appreciated. The llano rama opened withll vilews of Iheaven, tile plains and angels of heaven, rivers of bliss, and gathering of ansgels rond the thsrone of grace; then the rebellion ill heaove and war of tile angels--a very impressive picture, depicting tilhe assesmblig of the hosts, Satan pilotting rebellio, and Satan's expulsion froms lseaven. Again, the Creation, illustratlng the suTrg ing saters- of chaos, the creation of ligllt and finsa. incmt, and the six deys' vork of tile Creator ; and lastly Paradise or the Garden of Eden, witl Adan and Eve and the exspulsion, besides many other )ieautifl sviews. Tile exsibition is sell worth see. inlg. It will appear at tlhe towns mentiolned ill aun advertisement in another eolsllln. CIsuncn ox- Easi.sAn Wotoso~rlllit-:cs's Assocria 'io.--Tlhe sial wreely meeting was Iheld son son. day evning lost, a abosnt twenty.live mnsbers being present. Mrr. Gregory occupied toe ellair, and opned tilse smeeting in the usual ainner. Tile lchairnsan luteousleed tlhat tise prayer- sseeting i consnection sitll the association wounld be Ield o Thur:;day evening next at eight o'clock, under tie presideoey of thlo Ye. Archdeacon Pl'uddicoMnse. Mr. Gray tohn toolthe l chair, isn conesequence of Msr. (hregorh y Ihaving to leave tile meetinig, ud the t?Iciasl bIsiness of tlh evn ohslg-- a debate-- Is Modern Spiritualism so-ocalled a tlcality or a Dels sisn?--was proceeded eith. Mr. M. Emmsiel Oliencd it, and in doing so crlled specisal attensions to the iording of hile debates, as it was only nodern silritlslisnl that lie was opposed to. Ite thought parentls shoul io care iful wollen training tluir hildrsen not to frightr tlesm withl stories of ghostes, goblins, and other stlerstitions, as it woas hard to shake them off when grown up, and lie then relaited ia nilssfer of instaress ill shich spiritoualism in the 0way of rplse-tsying, tafllc-kleocbisng, eisssages fromn tllo otller world, c, Isad been exposoed. M r. Lanus doesn toids the otlsr sid of teho iestion, anil thoulght tile neltinsg scarcely soletent to give an opinlion oin it, as few i anyS of thonse present lad givte it a fair trial. lhe nreferre t secral Ipassagoes in the bible, where departed spirits had had inter. crse owith thlsc ins this world, andisi thought e o esshiuld not Ibe too hasty ill calling it hllunlbssag. Ir. eyster splporlSted thle vies of the last pelakser, and read all extract from the Clhristiass World in sup porf of it. IMessrs. Fergutsson, Connor, and Cliifford supported thifo s e i cis of thelener. tIs. lnsrsllouse spoke inll slpsert of tlle other side, whoilst Ir. Wil son took a middle course; oand after thle ol)her hiad replied, thle queistion was int to thle netslrsg, mad a largoe majority voted on the side opposed tl the realits of it. Several subjcts wecre then liroposed as 'sitil for a dbcl,:lte onil tie Ilihi set :505rt for it iul tlis Inissilt IOf el[as", isisd it asiss decisd-i to Ilsise Sblosltd anyisi IPsosfisnisg Indlistries of Ibis Cohlsise be Fostered or S'oltlassostsdtL by Menssi of h)ouirs IhnpooCd sn Inslported tGoosfs 0 The n rnlosniossis thlissis assIsnosscedi thlat;in con sce.iOOciC of onext Ioldisay bOisig Easier Mlonday, no mreting yosend be held on that Mighlt; but the business for the nest following M3oniLay would be the reading of the society's journal, the papers for whiclh were to be sent to the secretary (fr. D. Clifford), a the editor would not e here onil that occasion. Tile benediction was then pronouncel and the meeting clos:d. A MAN SUFFOCATED IN FOUR INCHES OF WATER.— On last Friday evening the body of a carpenter named Samuel Bates, who for over twenty years has been well-known in Yass, was discovered on the railway line, about two miles from Gunning, the unfortunate man having been suffocated in a pool of water only about four inches in depth. The deceased had for many years past given way to drink, and shortly before his body was dis covered it was supposed by those who saw him that he was in a state bordering upon delirium tremens. The body was removed into Gunning, where, on Saturday last, an inquest was held before Mr. J. F. Gray J.P., the district coroner. The evidence taken showed that on Thursday deceased had been at the railway-station apparently suffering from the effects of excessive drinking, that he was seen walking along the line where afterwards some of his clothes and £5 13/6 in money were found, and that Senior-constable Buckley in the evening found the body in a pool of water two miles from Gunning. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased was accidentally suffocated while under the influence of drink.—Abridged from Yass Courier. TIc BliTIrcU;onG a.LWAY ExaTEsSIOx.-On the extension now open there have beue 300,000 cubic yards of earthwork removed to form embankluents. Tho deepest cutting is 35 feet, the highest bank 37 feet, the steepest gradient 1 in 40 for a distance of 1 mile 29 chains, and the shiarpest curve is 20 chains radius for a distance of 20 chains. There are two 10-feet culverts, four 20-feet culverts, and several of smaller dimensions. There will be a platform 200 feet in length at Cungegong, 261 miles 30 chains from Sydney. The station at Bethungra is a neat brick building, 71 feet in length, containing general waiting-room, ticket-office, ladies' room, parcels' office, and porters' and lamp room. The platform is 250 feet in length, exclusive of the ramps, 15 feet at each end of the platform. There are also a carriage dock -10 feet in length, a goods warehouse 60 feet in length and 31 feet in width, with an office and outside platform 60 feet in length. At this place also a tank for supplying the engines with water has been constructed.-S. 31. Herald. lProrNDrn AT CoorTAirunnA, on 4th April, from Congo; sum duo at date of notice-1-4/:--Bay mare, broken, saddle-marked, m over m over co near shoulder, aged, 15 hands. To be sold 25th April. Isrosaonn AT SUTTOS Foorosr, on 6th April, from Ougalong ; sum due set after each animal: Yellow and white heifer, LG (G reversed) near shoulder, S on near neck; strawberry cow, LG (G reversed) near ramnp; calf at foot ; strawberry steer, LG (G reversed) near rump; roan steer, LG (G re versed) near nump -£1 16/1-red steer, 1S near rump, stump tail, tip off off car; 14/2; red and white heifer, writing capital I' near rump, C re versed on thigh--14/2--yellow speckled cow, JG over C near runmp--142. To be sold 25th April. A TIUrwmr or CnmiISTrnT.-Amlong the chemical triumphs of the nineteenth cenutury none has been fraught with more important reiilts than the dis covery, twenty-live years ago, that by combining with a certain stiinlent of absolute purity and agreeable liavor special medicinal ingredients of vegetable origin, a remedy was obtained for local or general debility, kidney disease, gravel, dyspepsia, constipation, and niany other ailmennts. The name of this remedial wonder is Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnappls.-AnvT. Give rrner 3.,S iso DEw.-We don't knrow that this wan one of the general orders issued by William Tell before his grand fight with the tyrant Gsler ; but it might have heen, for the "Dew of the Alps" (Bosce des Alpies) was the national cordial of Swit zerland before Tell was born ; and as it is the most inspiriting of all wholesome exhilarants, an antidote to the effects of fatigue, a protection against damp annd nioaria, d a miglty iunvigorant, he certainly could not have given anything better to his gallant followers. This famous vegetable elixir, the oldest tonic in existence, has recently been introduced into this market, and we learn incidentally that it is in great demand, and is already considered a sta ple artical by our merchants.-ADivT. 