A IULL DAY AND ITS LESSON. There are doubtless many causes which • ?produoe melancholy ; and as widely dif ferent in character as it is possible forI causes to be, which producea similar effect. Love and death ; the thwarting of some step on ambition's ladder; long absence from home and friends; loss of wealth; trust turnrd to doubt; all these, and many more, some trivial and passing quickly. some over whelming with their load of grief, are con stantly punging us into its grim embrace and hiding the sunshine of life under its stern leaden canopy. Some say though, it sounds humiliating, that the stomach is the great cause of melancholy it often ma,y be--and certain it is that our minds and lbodies are not so entirely dis tinct in their actions as we are apt to sup pose. Be that as it may-it rained one of the most miserable rains that a black relentless looking sky can rain as I sat listless, alone, and dreary a atching it. What a difference therne is in rains! Sometimes the drops seem as though dancing in mirthful glee as thay show, r down thick and fast over the thirsty earth, and the heart seems to enter i ni the very spirit of their welcome song,; at h,lrs, they will come wind-driven and chll, beseiging the lhouse-door, and storm i.ng the windows as though longing to be at you, and, as you quietly put another huge log behind the r'oaring fire, you inly chuckle at the c ntrast you have made, and joyously defy the raging elements to disturb you; and the spring rain ! What so beautiful so welcome as it ? Comnimg so softly, as though it feared to break the tender shoots that bend beneath its drops as though to drink in the delicious fragrance that the refreshed ground gives forthi-how gentle, yet how invigorating! It raises the hardy crops, andl fosters the frailest fluw'ret, and anon as tIh? sun breaks out and tints the pictures its drops have made, and the sky ctretches h,,r banner of matchless beauty and renew-. ing promise across the breaking clouds, all nature seems to be thanking the kindly shower. But an autumn lday's rain greeting y,,ur waking ear with its steady, ceaseless. gustless patter, continuing all the day still the same-the same-the same; coming down on slippery paths and miuddy pools that look as though they vainly cried enough ; autumn rain with the never vary ieg moon borne on the wind that carries it, not loud enough for a roar, and not wild enough for a shriek ;. autumn rain miserable muggy and monotonous, is the rain of rains to woo melancholy and despair, and bid peace and cheerfulness to fly. Such was the rain I watched at about 4 o'clock on the afternoon of a soaking, or rather thoroughly soaked day. A paddock of lead trees is seldom a very cheerful ad dition, to sceneIr, buit as the steady rain driiftnl pasts their white trunks, that stood out in ,s' relief against the black hills beyond, t seomed like the ghosts of do parted vo haunting the scenes of-their fo,rmer spl our. I was alone--I mostly amn alone, but what was more and very ditferent, I was lonely. I thought of home and friends, so far away, of dreams that had fadled, of hiopes that had died, and the world seemed a dreary waste and existence a usaless blank. I walked to the window and looked ,,ut. Prom the grim hills, dead paddock, unsympathetic 1pools, and muddy paths, from the cattle that looked as though meditatingsuicide,and the shrubs thatseeemed weeping their fading leaves away, my gaze gradually seemed contracted to the window pane whoso ceaseless tears trickled down as they had done all day. In every nothing ness I watched one drop as it coursed along, and thought, pursuing my dismal medita tions, that my life too was running away as uselessly, as drearily as that drop. 1 watched it fall on to a faded rose leaf just above the window-sill, when of a sudden, and so unexpected that it seemed almost nnatural at first, a beam from the setting and emancipated sun burst forth and lit up the rain drop with its golden sheen till it sparkled again, and seemed like some brilliant gem shedding its splendour on the tinted though faded leaf. It fell with the next breeze and the sun vanished prema-. turoly and the rain that had stopped for a while resumed its sad song. But my ti?,u?ghts were changed-that one drop and furtive gleam of sunshine acted like magic on me aud the lesson they taught did not fade with thlir departure. Are there any like me-sad and lonely, pursuing life's journey where the path seems dreary and dull and the flowers left behind. Be cheered too by the lesson-rain drops we may be, and running our courses alone and often. times dreary, but the sun will yet arise and shine upon our way, and let us hope and trust, that, however humbly, we may add some beauty or give joy to some portion of the Creator's handiwork. 'Tnas a gentle lesson. I thought long on it. I built mayhap new castles of hope and dreamed new dreams,but more than all I resolved not to doubt, for though the clouds around be dark, they have a silver lining; though my life's day appear gloomy, perchance my evening may be sunlit too, with a bright prosp)c1 of a cloudless day beyond the storms of life. Q. E.D. 