OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. {HIOM OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT.} A aiist rises npon.the Jiohticai horizonj' and a dark cloud gathers where: heretofore oulypatches of blue sky were to be found; I think that I have indicated in several past letters that Mr Berry was 111 the position of the man who fell between the two stools. If lie compromises with the Council his own. followers- will revolt Already-Mr A. T-.Clark, who aims to lead the Reds, has spoken with no uncertain voice, aud lus war-cry is, " War to the knife—to the Council or to Berry." Mr Clark is a.man who.commands much influence ID the Assembly and the country, and if once the Liberals in the country get frightened that Mr Berry will sell them, the fleeting show will be no more There is more ambition and disunion behind the Ministry than people think. The general opinion is* however, that Mr Berry is using this conference merely as a great card to play, at the. ballot box or in •England, but he keeps his hand so close that no one can guess lus game- I believe myself that he is at the present time the most puzzled man in Victoria, and is waiting., patiently for. events. TJneasy, indeed, lies the head that wears a crown too often of thorns. I may also say that the Liberal Press has been singularly reticent of late, and" has not given any expression of opinion about the Conference. The cabmen of Melbourne are. hard driven, by the omnibuses, but, notwithstanding their humiliation, they are as great robbers as . ever. The other day a Jehu, who runs to Emerald Hill, played a .ueat trick on five gentlemen. When the party had arrived at their destination, a gentleman, who had his wife in the cab, promised the driver another fare if he drove to the railway gates. As the party were all going so far, none got out, felictating themselves on being brought nearer home at that late hour without paying more., But when they all received back their change, less a double fare, they were undeceived, and while they swore, cabby drove off, chuckling and blessing his stars that none of them had the exact change. Another cabby played some fast young gentlemen a neat trick. It seems that a gentleman, who is well known,- decided to show his. friends, also well known, some fast life, and-he hired a-'cab and drove 1 round to all the questionable places where '.'life", is to be seen. When they returned home cabby demanded five pounds for four hours work. Of course'his demand was laughed to scorn, but next <iay, when the leader of tlie party received a' suinmons for the City Court, and was led to understand that the cabman would give a full account 111 open court of the doings of the party that night; he thought better of it, and paid the money. That was a good case of, blackmailing. Country people should never take cabs unless they bargain beforehand or are agreeable to be victimised. - - Betting is_ slow; Mehta still has the run, and to-day I liear of several Geelong men of known astuteness, friends of Wilson, taking hundreds to six to-a large amount about the double, Bosworth and Melita. But tlie transactions in the' market are few, and few books are open fer betting against Wilson's stable. The superabundance of Joneses and Smiths caused a worthy member of ihe latter family to lose a fine billet in the Customs this week. Mr Lalor had resolved to employ him as an expert. His name was T. Smith, lip to Mr Lalor came a member with another T. Smith, who. wanted a ..similar .billet. "Ah said, the good-natured minister,:"! will ;put you on at once, for yon are highly Next day the: original T- Smith turned up, and great were lus lamentations when. he found that he had feathered tho nest for another bird. And now lie wants to know -what is to be done. T. Smith !No. 3 won't turn out, and there is no other vacancy. . Moral;: .To .prevent mistakes, if you are . a Smith or a Brown christen your boys Zedekiabuor Xerxes. An usly bookmaker sloped this week witli' tlie pretty-wife of a sporting publican. » What made - the rash woman commit the 'act Idon't know. • The pair tooka lot of cash and-jewellery with-them. The liusband will institute a divorce case, as he has arranged with the barmaid for tho coming matrimonial vacancy. : Creswick's Macbeth, is. the talk of the town this week. The great actor thoroughly centers-into ihe superstitions -of the times, and invests Macbeth with a supernatural horror- difiicult to describe. :Led on. by demons, the gifted but -irresolut« man goes to his doom, knowing the ®nd all- through. v.The^iecelswell placed . on :the stage, but of .course the music is badly, rendered.;V: I never heard that. rightly donp. It is possible that- Br M'Crae's trea<- ;ment of dipsomaniacs in the gaol will be - enquired .into. All know how nccessarv it is not io break a drunkard suddenly off • drink, but the doctor does so. if report -is - to be believed,-and puts' them in strut waistcoats, - giving' them nothing but , water. After'seven days "of that treitraent Infancy<a carousliwould: just;bo the t thing- the rfiscapee iwould go in for. He would by that time (have appetite enough for brandy. In_ihe Legislative Assembly on Tuesday evening, -Mr. Woods in answer to a question from Mr Mason, 3LL.A., stated that it was.iis intention to erect poods sheds at Hosedale and Traral^on. Mr Mason also called tha.attontibn of tho Hon. the Treasurer to theiiiponvenienca caused tn ?jnscoiistituenta,*in consequence of there bBing no resident receiver of revenue at. Traralgon. , Mr Berry announced tint it was his intention to discontinue the ;nvsent system, ana ,he lioped to he able <w find a auiteble gentlemen at Traralgon . who could perform .the duties at a trt&mz; cost Jo the department. We understand that itis not improbable that Mr Denis.: ihe Sectoral ana^Min^ng Jtegistrar, nifty)' sbe appMn|e| tellie office named, and that;; An incident which occurred recenfly, to » very high Government official m an - -up-country Ss almoat parallel to one which happened to him some years ago, in v. town not a tho«saud<«ules^iffay^roaii III'>ui) t Ararat.— It chanced ibis wise; tlie -131)01 o is ofbual st >pped at an hotel, and became smitten with th<5 charms of Hebe, alter some cooing iie proposeda walk.m the woods,/but as the young lady s sweetheart, a stalwart Tubal Cam, -boarded im tue house, she declined. i Tne great man, however, was too infatuated to desist, and he wc'it 80 fat as to make ail inquiry, which at once revealed his not veij Honourable intentions. . -Hie jgirl 'ran i- off xo tell her-sweetlieart, who iras about 10 knock the ofliaal into the middle of next week ...when the mistress fortunately interfered, and under lier ad\ ice ihe girl simulated complaisance and agave; : the. desired information,: only ic - was. :noi. correct. About one o'clock : that night the household was raised by a great^alarm and cries, and on-proceeding..to -the J,'2 Tiding whence the soands : proceeded, .-they found the gallant being -soundly pum melted by the barmaid's sweetheart, and ascertained that Ike former had got- into ih wrons bos. He was released, and 'left bv the Cr3t coach nest morning. - I-think: that this will be the last,escapade of ilni now <rrey-ha;red Loths.no. Coal is in danger; not alone from electr-ei'v. It is not generally known that for ve^rs past a patent : : been taken out m all parte of the world for an invention to convert-water into fuel. -As most people know, water,is composed of two gases, one of which.-is most liifiaut maWe; ihe-other not necessary for^ccnibns- tion. Separate these .„ two and - apply certain conditions and: -you jia.v<5 : the secret. • "The-patent is semewhattSiinipiiS cated. but I hear that ic has been mucn Eimj 1 Red, and t'lat the patentees are at last in possession of the one link wanting, What a revolution that would be In industry : how ..marvellously, it would cheapen everything, .and do away with the smell and disagreeableness of cosl. I hear also, thai every attempt is being made to. discover how to '^ confine' electricity and make it a motive power. Tiiat, I dare say, will be the chimera of scientific discovery, until our scientific men find out what life itself is, and they are able to endue with life^ which I daresay they will do in time. Tnat reminds me that things loot very black m the commercial world at liome, still further endangering our Joan. Heally it looks as if the old-country was about to enter upon a commercial crisis of ..no ordinary magnitude, in Scotland particularly the outlook is bad. When there is a rush on a bank in England the money is only transferred by. the drawer to another bank, and so presure is avoided, Taut when tne canny Scot takes fright ho draws Ins ' siller" out and straightway puts it in the stocking, where it will; remain until confidence is restored; hence the banks are sorely pushed. Gentlemen who have recent^' arrived ..from England give ine,a melancholy account of the state of tlie country. Hunger is stirring np tlie democratic elementto a bloodless revolution, and unrestricted fees-trade is destroying commerce. These gentlemen .assert that Lord BeaconsEeld lenows the state of the public nnndj and that he intends to plunge. England: into -a great- war, -as J^,'ipoleon III. oid France, if the rebellions feelin'ogrows. The speeches ofMrChaniberlauv and other advanced Liberals, show how bitterly two-thirds of tlie people feel-at bemg kept from having a Voice in the government of ihe country: "• - : - The only: thing' fresh in the way of arausementsis Mr D'Arcv Bead's "Ghost*" Most ot year readers will nnderstand that it is simply-aa extension of the Professor Pepper business, but Mr Head has im- ; proved upon his preceptor by joining the, ghost to the dissolving views illusion By meauj of ik'.sihe real performers on the - stage are thrown-into shadow and become" invisible, while their place m taken by the shadows of performers at the mirror below the stage, • tk«-thing being done,so instantaneously that one blinks his : «ves and marvels if he is really awake: The real performers reappear ]ust. as quickly. -Sb' far she entertainment is the cleverest 1 and. most amusing «ver.-presented, but "the dialogue is wretched, and the songs dancss, and music old as " Cherry Ripe I dare say -Mr Esad w iU visit Sale,- sis '-his enter tammsnt le-more ; suited for -tlie eountry towns than for the metropolis:'' The Government offices aTa at-present haunted with persons looking for employment, and imembsrs of-"'Parliament ;j are: almost driven out uf theirsenses-<!ver the persecution they have to ondnro. Really, it, would take several Black Wednesdays to frighten away these ofcee-seekers-.,- ... Among ..the passengers .by the Caim'oorazo was Mrs Greed Royal and daughters The friends of the late Mr Greed Royal* whose musical abilities are widely known; will.be glad that a long chancery suitrhas terminated 111 favour, of Jus heirs, andtiiat his widow and daughters are. comfortablyprovided for. The interest which had accumulated on the money.m-the bank was surprising, but the.case had beengomgon. for a long lime. •• •*' - " '•— Tais week died a poor old man who lot years has haunted ihe.Board of liaBds and Works. Hardly over did tliat.colirt open w,hen the old wan .was not the first'to walk in and take-his seat, remaining there all day,—why, no one knew, <ir appeared to cate. When the Lands offices 'shifted from the red-brick palace 131 Latrobestreet, it was thought the old man would vanish ; but 310, he wafe the first "to enter the new board-room;.'': The facts-of the' case appear to be that ie was diddled out of a large property m Melbourne by some unscrupulous-sharks,'::apA '"he "appealed to the then Minister -of - Iianda to see if he- could do something. "He-'could not:- ,arid tlie old man's mmd becama slightly- unhiuged. ,,Since, then he has been a constant visitor ;of the , board-room, and an applicant .to.every mimster—of course m vayj. ,:;He2s nowiiipossepsion of thatlast allptmeut. which can he-refused to none. •• Bishop Bilker, the inetiopolitan of Sydney, is -evidently no: :beheyer in ; -Australian men-or things, although he has . lived long enough on thiB coutjnout, and amassed an immense fortune m pastoral pursuits I don't use ihe word elei ically for the- bishopJias -made.iiis iaonfey-out'of woolly flocks The worthy iushop was a passengei bv the Clumborazo, and he had with'him>a,liost-'ofservants^vliom 'te ,liad enjag8d'-air?®nglajia;'«B(f6l^'-'butle^' footmen^ pages,, -coaetimen, .. :.'&0 ,•-•' I- -daresay.--lie '-•hired> them - at ; cheap rate, but as tliey: must aign^n-Sydnfty-: peraaps tlie biskop won't-beiso pleased'if he finds they run away and leave the passage mcney-.unpaid.. • But theu lisupi)os« that he lias chosen men of strictly iieligi 0 ous views. •And talking about religion, how is it that the great defaulters: are generally reh lous men,..elders aiid so- for tli ' .'Yet such is the case. SJi^ X^oiinv iviiose 'disappearance and defalcations have been r.he talk of the week, was one of the "unco guid," ail elderand.ail tiiat..,Menof that kiad use religion as a cloak s But the marvel is what they 'do -' ;with;?the • money. Paterson, an:Brisbane, : swindled to'-tlie-eS-;' tent of £30,000—he too, was iWrmn' au' a shinin' light "—yet no oiie cancel! how the money was spent. These 1 men don't drink' or.- :»gamblej 11 oi- are tlscy, .profligate.' What becom'as;of tlia -inoney J 1 Echo answers -via at 1 The airival of the Ohimboiazo Tsas flooded the town with. ' new J clmms," whose style and ways are unmistakeaWis What puzzles me is how these fellop-s manage to diess all alike, and so foreign to our Jideas We "get the -illustrated papers published when they left home^ and yet on looking over the illustrations faille see any olothBSssaoh ^as they'^veit depicted. *Tliey are all dtesse'd "alike, shapeless heather colored sac coats and J>ag-iike -trousers;:: Some wear icl'dtKes' of the same kind, vhic'j give to the wearer j .ihe appearance atan - »mmM^'i»icli\wlili5 out any si ape Our young sien don u wear very tight lro«sfers, 4ut ithey hfee to shoivnell "formed limbs and hips—if they hue them B*-ihebje fhese new chums, —especially the Indies—complain dread fully of the Chimborazo Tne vibration of the screw m ihese.large s!earners is so -great, that : it is very trymg.-to nervous persons Tlife new chun.s ale greatly pleased with oui clear skies—that is the first topic whenever you-con verse with them 