THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OB, This Experiences of as Edinbubgh *Dexecxtvb.— No. XCVII. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] HALF HANGED. It seems strange and quite unreasonable to us that professional thieves who live by practising every form of treachery and dis honesty should themselves be so sensitive in regard to any breach of faith ; but so it is. I suppose reason and the criminal can not, in the very nature of things, travel long in each other's company. In masy cases where an honest man is injured by a ?rtnpf lift allows the -roTonfr to nass un challenged and unpunished ; but let a thief be injured by any one to the most trifling extent — or merely fancy himself injured — and there is no crime or outrage be would consider too great for his revenge. I La « known a thief who was rather roughly jiustled up to the Police-office, treasure up the fancied injury for years, and. then ' pitch into'5 the inoffensive policeman to the extent of breaking bis thigh-bone, trampling him under foot in a dark close, and laming him for life. That was the revenge on au honest man and common foe ; but when the traitor, as in the following case, is of tliein i=elves. the vengeance is far more swift and sweeping. sauntering easuv aioug VjFueensrerry street, at the west end. one day in February, I was rather surprised at being addressed by a diminutive rascal — one of a gang of three not long arrived from England — called Charlie Gubbins.. It is scarcely correct to say that I was addressed by him, for I was the first to speak, but it was only because, instead of slinking past me, he lingered, grinning familiarly at my side as if desirous of making some communication. Charlie was scarcely five feet in height, and was possessed of a face showing in a most repulsive degree low cunning, and ne tting else ; so it may be guessed, that the look I gave him in return was not quite so pleasant as lis own. *- Well, what do you want ?' I growled out, stop, ing short, and looking him keenly in the face. 'Nothing, only ? and a shuffling Jook around, as if suspicious of being watched, finished the odd speech. ' Then walk off, and say it to some one el*e ' I said, rather sharply, turning to go. ?? Stor. ' he said, briiigiag back his eyes to mv face; 'I meaiitli«tlliavesomething to say. There was a draper's broke into wecKafore last, as you maybe heerd. ?'Yes: well?' I tried to repress every appearance of easerness or interest, and succeeded tolerably well, having a ramt sus picion oi wiictX was coining. u You've* never got any one yet ?' ' No, but we mean to before long ; we've got some of the shawls, and we will soon trace the hands that lifted them.' This speech, given with more assurance and. firmness than I actually felt, seemed to have a damping effect on Mr. Gubbin's spirits, and he toed the frozen pavement with a^ ragged boot for some moments in hesitation and silence. I read him through at a glance; he was debating whether treachery to his pals or absolute silence would be most beneficial to himself in the long run. *' You're hunting for hevidence, in course,' he said at last, 'but all yer huntin' mightn't come to much unless ye got a hint from some fly cove wot knew a thing or two — see ?' and the cunning leer that ac companied the last word was quite beyond description. ' Ah, but we've got a hint already,' I coldly remarked. ' I could lay my hand on one of the thieve3 at this moment, without stirring an inch from the spot, either, and be quite sure I had made no mistake ; whether I would be able to prove him guilty, of course, is quite another thing.' ' Ah, that's it — ye couldn't prove it,' he said, brightening suddenly at the last clause. ' Now suppose it was done by more than one ? * 'You needn't suppose anything of the kind ; we know that it was clone by three at least,' I qxdetly put in. '? Werry well ; suppose it was done by three, and one was very sorry he'd done it, and was to peach on the other two, and get 'em nabbed, and appear against 'em, wouldn't he be let off 't' I took a minute to consider the answer. We were really pretty sure of noosing the whole three; and, though, his treachery might be a boon to us, there was something so loathsome about the man's appearance and caution that I really hesitated whether to accept or refuse. ' I suppose you mean to say that, finding the case closely pressed, and fearing cap ture, you wish to turn round and give in formation in time to save your own skin ?' I pointedly remarked, as soon as I had re solved on my course. He grinned, and again toed the pave ment with his ragged boot, but made no reply. ' If that is what you mean, I can only say that it is highly probable that you would be taken as evidence and get off, while Bill Slott and Tom Jickliug would be safe for seven years at least.' ' I didn't say it was me or them either,' he said, with another leer. '1 won't blab the names yet, nor how it was done ; but if you give me a paper promising that Til be took as evidence, and let off, I'll tell you where and when you may clap the darbies on the other two.' I took out iny note-book without a word, wrote out the required promise, tore out the leaf, and placed it in his hand. His eyes twinkled greedily as he clutched at the paper, and in a moment he had caused it to disappear about bis dress as deftly as if it had. been a stolen bank-note for a hundred pounds. ' Now, that's all right,' he said, with a satisfied grin. 'You know Bill Slott's place, in Hay's Close?' ' I do. You all lodge there, don't you ?' ' Sometimes. Well, you know that the close is so narrow that ye can reach easily out of a window on one side into a window on the other r' I nodded. '?',W ell, that's what you've to do to-night — leastaways at two in tiie morning, or thereabouts. You've to get into the hempty house opposite — slip_ in at the win dow next to Slort's, which is the only one no one uses, I'll have a hole bored in the plaster wot ye can peep through, and the moment I says out loud the names of the two coves beside me, you peg in and collar 'em.' ' But why must we wait till two in the morning ?' I asked, with some suspicion. ' I think I could name the two just now, and collar them too, without your assistance, if yem only agree to appear against them.' 'Yes, but then they'll know it was treachery, and they'd pitch into me though they had. to wait ever so long. I daren't trust to that — I must seem to be nabbed along wi' them, and make a lot of fuss and sham fightin', just to put 'em off the scent. If Bill Slott only got a bint of treachery, he'd Mil me as sure as guns ; I know it, cos he's killed two or three already, and al'ys got off.' 'And I suppose you will be particularly engaged with them up till that time i' I remarked, hitting in a random way the truth, but without once suspecting I had done so. ' Yes, just so,' he answered, with some confusion, which I was too busy to notice at the moment ; ' but Til tell ye all about that when they're nabbed. That's all I've to say, so I'll hook it. Don't forget about the winder and the closet,' and without another word he shuffled off round the corner and vanished. He got through Charlotte-square without hindrance, and then turned along Rose Street, with, the intention of making his way to Hay's Close — a narrow, dark hole at the head of the Canongate, now cut away by improvements. But scarcely hid he turned the corner when he heard a heavy patter of feet behind him, and, looking round, was astonished and alarmed to see at Ms back the two friends and companions he had been so sedulously attempting to betray. Bill Slott was a cracksman of tire bull dog species — heavy in build, strong as an ox, beetle-browed, and pug-nosed — but his companion. Tom Jickling. was quite a con trast to Mm both in appearance and dis position, lie was tall and thin and shivery, an arrant coward at heart, always squinting round corners for a dreaded policeman, and in appearance not unlike a .huge pair of tongs, with a Scotch cap stuck ou the top most knob. ? Slott was the first to speak ; and when he did it was with a growl and a snap, that told the traitor Charlie to look out for storms. 'So! ye've got it all peached, and the trap laid for us, so that well all be nabbed to-night when we go out to Cecil House ?' he ground out from between Ms teeth. '?' Did ye not think I was a-watcton' of yer from the top of the next opening ?' ' And did yer not bow that I was in the entry close % and saw McGovan write soinat and give it yerP added Jickling, following up his more strong-minded com panion. *? Upon my soul and lionor, I never peached about the crib we're to crack to jjiglil/' cried Ckulie Gabbins, wilii perieul truth, which, however, was less -favorably received than if it had been a lie. ' I only tried to pump him about the draper's busi ness, and see if he was getting any nearer us.' ' I believe every word ye say,' said Bill Slott, with deadly emphasis, and a calm ness so unusual that Gubbins gave himself up for lost. u Look ye, if ye've betrayed us so much as that '' — and he pointed out about the sixteenth of an inch of his dirty nail— « why, I'll kill ye, that's all.' u And Til dance on yer grave,' added JicHing-. ' And I means to watch ye every mo ment of the day, and, if ye speak to an other of the spots, I'll take that as a sure sign that ye've toed to get us jugged — so look out, that's all.' 'Yea, look out, that's all,' added Jick ling, with a flourish, though in reality he feared and shrank before the little Gubbins single-handed. A loud burst of protestations and in genious lies was the answer, and at last they allowed the suspected traitor to walk on 'some distance before them, seemingly with a view not to attract the attention of the police, but in reality to consult as to the doom of the traitor. 'He thinks we belie ?e his lies,' said Slott, darkly. ' Let him— it'll suit us all the better. He's got that paper about him yet; keep yer eye on him that he don't drop it or stow it away. Watch Mm till four o'clock, when we've to start for the crib beyond Corstorphine.' 'Oh, Lor! ye're never going to risk that,' cried the cowardly Jiekling; 'the beaks will be waitin' stowed in the house, with McGovan at their head, to snap us up the minit we jump in.' 'Don't waste yer breath, nor think I'm a fool,' growled Slott, with a hoarse chuckle. ' We ain't goin' all the way to Cecil House — not near it, in fact. But ye remember that lonely bill we crossed when we were spyin' the place out — CostorpMne Hill they call it? Well, the moment we gets to a good spot — where there's trees, and nobody likely to interfere, Til give ye the wink, and we'll both pounce on him at once. Then we'll read the paper, and if it means treachery I'll scrag him on the spot !' ' Scrag Mm ?— dead ? 'Dead as a patriarch.' Jickling shuddered and shivered. ' Better be cautious,' he advised, not out of good- will to the traitor, but simply out of fear of the consequences to himself. ' It would be murder, and that would bring scragging to us.' ' I'tfot a bit. I'll risk that — anyway he must die,' said Slott. with a busines3-like coolness and dogged determination which the other knew were not to be fought ' against. fi Ye see nobody ever murders by scragging, and it'll only appear in the papers as a ' Strange suicide of a thief.' Ha, ha ! It'll be as good's the theayter to read it.' Jickling tried to echo the laugh out of deference to Ms master, but the nervous twitching at his mouth only made the chuckle die away in a groan. ' It's a pity to kill him,' he put in after a pause ; ' better to give Mm a good pitch ing over a rock, or something— break two of his legs or so — and give Mm a shake he won't forget for a while.' 'And add other seven years to your sentence ?' added Slott, with a scowl and a sneer. ' You're generous. No, I say ; if he's a traitor, hs's to be scragged on the spot, so there's an end to it.' Jickling said no more, though he heartily wished himself out of the job. He was not convinced — far from it — that the absolute destruction of their companion was necessary — he was merely afraid that if he argued the point too long, he might exasperate such a dogmatic thinker as Slott, and perhaps bring the same terrible fate upon Mmself . They all reached Hay's Close, and dined as if nothing had occurred to ruffle their serenity; and then packing up the necessary tools in an invisible way under their clothes, they left the house with the early twilight, and by different routes made their way to the west end ; and thence together out by the Dean, and through some cross roads to the path running across Corstorphine Hill. It was a clear, cold night, with no moon to light them on their way, but with a thousand stars flashing in the dark heavens right down through the double line of leafless trees skirting the steep path. None of the three cared for either stars or moon — they thought them nuisances rather than anytMng else ; yet, at the top of the path, where a rustic turnstile barred the way, they paused and rested a moment on a rude seat, where a splendid panorama of Edinburgh by niglit burst upon their view. The Castle, turreted hospitals, long rows of _ stately houses, with the dark mass forming the background — wMch they new to be the Old Town, from which they had come — were one gigantic network of twinkling lights, which, clearly seen through the frosty air, attracted tlieir gaze in a moment. Yet no expression of wonder or admiration rose to their lips. They were too busy with their own thoughts and plans. In one mind was murder, in another abject fear, and in the third vile treachery. Jickling did not like to [lock at the stars or lights, because lie fancied they were winking derisively at Mm, while Slott merely said, with a fierce greed in his eye ? ' If every one of them lights was a piece of gold, I'd have some, or I'd know the reason why.' *' But something might happen to keep ye from getting near 'em,' remarked Oharlie Gubbins. ' We never know what lies afore us.' ' That's true,' said Slott, darkly and fiercely, and with a peculiar emphasis; ' so come on through the stile, and lets be (jetting done with our job? As'he got out the last words, he fixed his eye meaningly upon the trembling Tom Jickling, who at once understood that the dreaded moment for action hadcoaie. Slott got through first, Gubbins followed, amiJ5cklingbroughtuptherear;andscarcely was the lanky thief clear of the turnstile, and into the shade of the trees and ever greens, than Slott was at G ubbins with a bound and growl, bearing him over and down on the ground with the utmost ease, where be pinned Mm till Jickling adjusted the ropes in a way satisfactory to all but the stricken traitor, whose limbs and wrists thev were cutting into. 'Hullo!— that'll do— what's all this for?' cried Gubbins, at last, looking up from the hard, frozen ground, and wrig gling about his bonds like a fluke ju^t landed. il This is rayther much of a good tiling. -^- joke's a joke; b::t this onus gone too far.' 'Likely,' shortly and grimly pat in Slott ; ' perhaps it's got to p,o a good deal fairer. Turn out his rags, Jiek.' A deadly pallor overspread the traitor's face at the words, and he tried to wriggle over on the top of the note in his pocket which I had scribbled out in the morning. 'What have I done? What do you want ?' he piteously screamed, heedless in Ms fear of the kicks being showered on him by the lanky and cowardly Jickling. ' We wants the paper 'wot you got from McGovan this mornin',' coolly answered Slott. ' We're kinder curious to see wot it says.' A wrench of Jiekling at the same moment brought out the paper, and then the whole surroundings of the unhappy traitor seemed to whirl in a maddened gallop about his eyes and ears. The education of both Slott and Jickling had been considerably neg lected, so even after they had struck a light, and turned the glare of a dark lantern they carried on the paper, it took them nearly a quarter of an hour to spell out its ominous contents. Slow reading,^ however, con siderably enhances the value of what is read, as every Greek scholar knows, and, when they had finished, the passion of both, but of Slott in particular, was something fearful to behold. 'So! ye're to get off by turning evi dence about something after ye've helped to nab us ?' hoarsely put in Slott, stooping down to give the half-senseless victim the benefit of his glaring eyes. ' The beaks, I s'pose, are waitin' us at Cecil House ? We was to be pinched in a jiffy, when you would be put in another ceil and let off afier the trial ? ' ' I never peached about Cecil House, and the spotsare not waitin' there — Iswear it by all that's holy !' burst out the traitor, with wild energy. 'If ye doubt my word, go and see.' Though this was the truth, it was only received with a bitter and satirical laugh. ' We'll be sure to go — oh, yes, and be nabbed,' cried the two thieves, nudging each other's sides in a particular know ing way. ' Oh, yes, we wants to get McGovan's darbies on our wrists, we does.' ' Look here,' added Slott, stopping the laugh, and proceeding very coolly to fit a running noose to a rope which he took from his back pocket, *'; we're not goin' to Cecil House at all — never meant to — so you're done there, and we're goin' to help you to commit suicide ; yer must be weary o' life, and they'll put all about you in the papers, so that's sometMng. Don't howl so — it' it's yer supper ye're sorry at missin', don't let that upset ye, cos I'll eat your share for ye. Come on, now, take it easy — there's no use malrin' a fuss about a thing onet ye're fairly in for it, so jist shut yer tater trap. Now, Jick, slew that end over the tMck branch up there, wMIe I fit on this to his neck. I'll promise ye as neat a job as Cal craft if ye'll on'y keep still while I put it right. Blow you !' he added, as the other struggled frantically to evade the noose, *' ye're the most onreasonable cove I ever see'd — if ye wobble about, how can I put it on right ? There, take it any way — ye'll on'y suffer all the more. Pull up, Jick.' Jickling did pull, but though the noose was fairly round Gubbins' neck, and rapidly choking off Ms wild screams for help, the desperate struggles of the traitor made the job rather a tough one ; and he might even have torn his head in some way from the noose, had not Slott suddenly tightened it by placing his foot against the neck, and tugging it close again with both hands. The vicious wrench, almost enough to have broken the neck, effectually stilled for the moment the traitor's struggles; and the next moment both Slott and Jickling were pulling at the other end of the rope with as merry a ' Yo-heave !' as ever accompanied the raising of an anchor. As soon as the unfortunate victim was a few inches off the ground, and wMrling round in the air like a magic teetotum, Slott fastened up the end of the rope to a lower branch, and felt for Ms pipe to wile away the time till the finish, while Jickling, averting his eyes from the terrible spectacle, slunk away, evidently with a view to a speedy return homeward. 'Stop,' cried Slott, 'where are ye goin' ?' 'Home, arn't we? — the — the su — u — pper '11 be coo — o — Id if we don't,' replied Jickling, with chattering teeth. 'Never mind the supper — it won't eat itself; besides,' it's as good as supper to watch Mm,' coolly returned Slott, lighting Ms pipe and puffing away comfortably. ' I wonder what he kicks so much for; he might know it's no use.' 'Is he Idckin' ?' timidly put in the other. 'Can't ye see?' 'No, I don't like to look. Let's go, for heaven's sake.' ' Not a bit till he's quiet. He's precious strong, and will take a lot of hanging. Jickling shuddered, and looked as if he could have flown the spot, but for a whole some (Lead of the man so coolly puffing at the short cutty, and admiringly surveying Ms work. After about twenty or tliirty slow draws, Slott started forward and critically examined Gubbins's suspended figure, now hanging quite limp and still. 'I think h's croaked,' he said somewhat dubiously, ' but in case he's foxing, we'd better let Mm stay up a little, like my father, when Calcraf t was ? ' A tearing sound, a sudden parting of the fibres of the rope near the branch above, followed by the heavy flopping- of their motionless victim down on the ground, in terrupted him, and drew a burst of curses to Ms lips. ' Hang it ! the rope's broke !' he cried, kicking at the lifeless form on the ground, as if the accident was blameable upon it. ' I never knowed anytMng like that ; that rope was stole from one of the best greens in Edinburgh, so it should be good ; and to think that it should go and frizzle awav like that! That's how the public are cheated. If I only knew the man it was bought from, I'd take it in and give him a piece of my mind. Never mind ; Gubbins is dead, so it hasn't done so bad. Come on, Jick, and cover him up wi' branches and leaves — all like the babes in the wood — and then we'll off home to our supper.' But Jickling was now powerless, and could not have approached the body though he had himself been strung up on the spot ; and Slott, consoling himself that the thing would look all the more natural without the covering up, gave a last admiring look at his handiwork, saying — ' Well, Caleraft gets his money e.isy,' and then left the spot — Jickling hurrying liijii a little by declaring tli&t; he siiw the dei-d aiiia move. The return jcurney was aseomplissbt'il hi silence, and with laggard steps ; but, as they passed the Tronasitwaa striking one, they were almost too soon for us, who did not expect them till two. It was only a prac tice of mine to leave a broad margin in. . matters of importance that saved us. I had I filanted four men in the flat below S'ott's odging, and then betaken rnyself, vvitli McSweeDy, to the opposite land, and thence, with some difficulty, we got to the window indicated by Gubbins, which, we prised up and clambered in at. The room, we found, was very small, pitch dark, and the door locked on the other side ; but, as it bad been arranged that Gubbins was to find some excuse for opening this before giving the signal, the last circumstance gave us no uneasiness. A faint spot of light on the opposite wall led us to the hoie which Gubbins had bored for us in the plaster, and, perring through, we could just discern a low room, lighted only by the fire, at which two pots were gently simmering and sending through to usnu our prison rather an apetising odour. A bottle of whisky, two broken glasses, and a cup without handle, were set out in tempt ing array on the table, causing McS weeny to turn away from the peephole with a t mothered sigh. ' I hope Charlie won't be long, .and then we can drink all their very good, healths,' he said, as I took Ms place ' Don't wish that, for you have an Ii y.w, at least, to wait — perhaps two,' I usifeel ingly answered; but scarcely had the words left jny lips wben the door of the room I was peeping into was opened from without, and Slott and Jickling entered, each making an instantaneous dart at the whislry bjrtle on the table and then struggling for the first pull. At last, after each had imbibed what would have floored an ordinary drinker ou the spot, they lit a candle and sat down to stare at each other across the table. Slott looked sullen aud almost angry, but Jickling was pale and ghastly, and continually turned his head, as if ex pecting at every moment to see a ghost. 'Well, ye cussed fool, don't look so skeered,' said Slott to his companion. 'That's one good job done, and all as natural as life.' ' I — I'm not skeered — only tired,' said Jickling, and then there was a long silence, till Slott pitched Ms cap and boots to the other end of the room and said — 'Come on, then — dish up the supDsr, Jick.' With shaking hands Jickling brought out three plates, and dished first a stew of steak and onions, and then a boiled apple pudding. Slott set to with a will to wolf up the meal, but Jickling turned from it with a sickening qualm. ' I know I'm a fool,' lie said, in aasarer to a thundering thud of Slott's hand ou the table, ' but I can't force myself to eat. I ain't a bit hungry, and I can't help thinking I see blood on the meat.' ' Til blood ye, if ye talk any more non sense,' growled Slott, savagely. ' Wait till I'm done — that's all,' and 'he finished the meal in silence, heedless of Jickling's starts and fearful glances towards the door. Then, pouring out a cupful of wMsky to Jickling aud a tumbler for himself, he pro posed the toast — ' To our absent pal, whose supper we've just eat.' Both laughed heartily as the toast was drunk, ard then Slott proceeded to cheer up his friend's spirits by a noisy rendering of ' Nix my dolly, pals, fake away.' But before he had well begun the second verse, a slow and uncertain footstep on the stair caused Jickling to start to Ms feet, white as a sheet, and breathlessly gasp out an im perative ' Hush !' Nearer and nearer came the step till it paused directly in front of the door upon which the fascinated gaze of Jickling was now riveted. ' It's Charlie's step — I'd swear to it any where,' he whispered to Slott; and then, sure enough, the door softly opened, and in the entrance appeared a thing having a faint resemblance to the man we were patiently waiting for. White as the lanky coward at the table, with his head twisted a little to one side, and his hand held up at his throat in evident pain, Charlie glided slowly into the room, and then in a pecu liarly hoarse whisper got out the following words : — ' I never peached about Cecil Hoase — s'elp me never, I didn't' Slott dropped back in his chair, gazing blankly at what he supposed to be a spirit : but Jickling gave out a yell of terror that might have been heard away up at the Police Office. ' Ye've hurt my neck — blow me, if I think it'll ever be right again,'1 slowly con tinued the spectre, feeling the injured part tenderly. ? ' Then ye went away and left me to come home alone. Just give us a bit of supper, will ye. I've been nearly frozen down yonder.' ' Frozen ; oh — h, Lor' ! ' cried Jickling-, with chattering teeth; 'I al'ys heerd it was warm down there — burning hot.' '?No it ain't, just feel my hand, it's as cold as ice,' quickly returned the ghost, holding out a cold paw to his friends with, a suddenness that made tlie trembling coward spring backwards, and tumble head over heels over his chair. No sooner was lie down than the gliost bent over Mm to pick him up ; but the moment the cold fingers touched Jickling's warm hand he bounded up with the agility of an acrobat, and with his protruding eyes fixed upon the new-comer's contorted face, and his knees knocking together under Mm, he chatteringly got out — — 'Ok-li, Cka-a- navlie ! go back to yer grave, cos I never would have done it only tor Bill. 'Twas him that set me on to it, and him that hauled ye up. I on'y ywj temled to be drawin' up the rope.' The spectre turned enquiringly to Slott, but he still sat with gaping- montli unable to move ; and just at that moment a sharp whistle from our Mdiug-place drew to gether the wandering wits of the half hanged thief, for he sprang at the door, threw it open, and then closed with Sloto for a desperate struggle. But here, again, the icy coldness of Ms hands as tkey closed about the throat of Ms enemy had a more overpowering effect than if they had been wielded by the strength of a vampire. Slott screamed with terror, Jicklinir staggered faintly towards the door, wlieiv a single touch from McS weeny sent him toppling over on the Hoor ; and then with a rush the men were up from below, and the whole tbvee were secured. \V«- lugged them all off to the Office there and theu; find tber* Sl^tt -was only oo'ivh^ed of the reality uf Chju-jio's fctii!^ by iisrii'ing biiu paaifujly give evidence and facts wMch would effectually convict Ms two execu tioners if tendered again at the trial. ' What a pity that rope broke !' was all. he said, and then they were all taken away and locked up, though not before Gubbins had detailed to us the woudert'ul story of Ms execution and resuscitation, and only got heartily laughed at for his pains. In a word; we did not believe his story till long ailtei'; though even then his neck had cer tainly a strange, elongated appearance; and as for his voice, he never again could boast of one, but tallied in a wMspea till his denth. Slott and Jiekling, on their companioo'g evidence, coupled with that already in our bands, got each seven years' penal servitude,, while the half-banpred thief went free, and disappeared from Edinburgh to follow a less precarious and more honest calling. (To be continued) 