JOSH BILLINGS ON BIRDS. THB Q.DAIL. Thb quail it a' game bird, about one Slav bigger than the robin, and so sudden that they hum when they fly. They havt.no. song, Jbut whistle- for music, the tans is solitary and tad. They an shot on the wing,, and - a man may , b» good in arithmetic fuatrato at parsing, and even be able to preach acceptably, but if he ain't studied quail on the wing be might as well shoot at a streak bf lightning in the sky as at a quail j| An tHftffo. . ..-' . ' Brlled quail, properly supported with jelleys aud a Champagne Charlie, fe just tht mut difficult thing, in my humble opinion, tew beat in the whole history ov vitties and something to drink. * lam no gourmand, -for I kan tat bread and milk five days out ov seven, and smack my lips after I git thru, but It lam asked to eat brlUd quail by a Mend, wiUi Judishous acoompanyment, I blush at f uet, then bow my head, and then smile eweet acqulesoenot — In other words, I always quail before snob.) acquest;/, -^ , -; f 7 .' ^ t 1 ?mt FiBIUIDOK. Ths partridge jaj also a gabs bird. Their game fc tew dram wa log In 'the spring or the year and keep both eyes wide open, watching the sportsman. Partridges are shot on the wing, and are as easy to miss as. a ghost ii. It Ie phun mnff tew Me the old bud hide her young brood when danger Iz near. This 'mutt be 'aeeq, It can't t» deaoribed, and make ennybody believe It. The partridge, grouse and pheasant art cousins, and either «f them straddle a grid iron natural enuff to have been born there. Take a couple of young partrldgei and pot them down, and serve up with a kind of ohorns, and they beat the ham sandwiches you buy on the Oamden and Amboy Boad Sr4per«nt. I have eat iheae lamentable New Jersey ham sandwiches, and most say that I prefer * couple «( bawwood chips, soaked in mustard water, and stuck together with Spanldlag's glne. . ' ' TBE O0SUS. ' The goalln is the . old goose's yung child. They are yeller all over, and u soft ax a ball of worsted. Their foot it wove hole, and they kan swim ai easy as a drop of kaator oll on the water. They are born ennusUy about the 16th of May.andneyorwai knosm to die naturally. It a man should tell me ha saw a goose die a natral deth, I wouldn't believe him under oath after that, not even if he ewore he bad lied about seeing a goose' :dle.-. .-?:.. ? ? ? . ? -; The goose art different in one respttt from the human family, who art eed tew grew weaker and wiser, whereas « gailis' alwut grows tuffer and more phooliah. ???: I have seen a goon that thty aed was ninety-three yean old list June, and didn't look an hour, older than one that was only seventeen. ' - The gosiin waddles whan he walks and paddles when he ewims, but never dives like a duck out ol tight in -the water, out only, ohangesends. ' ' ? - The food uv the gozlin is rye, corn, ottt and barley, aweet apples, hasty pudding, eucooUsh,andbiled cabbage, cooked potatoze, raw meat, wine, jelly and turnips, ttale.brei, kold hash and buckwheat cakes that, are left over... ? . .. -..; ,- -.- ?:?? Tuey ain't eo iiartieular as-some pholks what they cat, won't git mad and quit if they kanthavs wet toast ;and lam, qhopt every morning for breakfast. i.q'' ;?? 