TfEW ZEALAND. [From our own Correspondent.! Wellington, September 16. Now and at last I think I know something j more .tlian I did about South Australia, and of Adelaide, its 'great commercial and. political centre. I am in receipt, of a file of your Register. I had hot seen a South Australian journal for something like over three years, and hare not been able until the present hour to realize much about your institutions, your con-' 'stitntion (political), nor anything as to your -immediate belongings for surroundings. They areall before menow and! am delighted. There' is such a similarity of things political, social, and domestic between' the colony where 1 have, for so many yeara been an indweUer'and your own that the difference is very small indeed.' I turn to your Parliamentary columns, and X find that in the Asrembly Me. Speaker takes the chair at 2 o'clock. That is precisely the pase with our Mr. Speaker. I find your Mr. To wnsend praying that the third and fourth clauses of the Munici pal Corporations Act Amendment Bill might hot he agreed to by the House. That's as near as may be what one of our members has done. "Wehbve no ending, with the making of amend ments upon amendments in our Municipal Acts. Sometimes it is to undo what has been done in a previoussession,.-perhaps as regaidsratingpo wees, or the altering of by-laws or the. adding! i» emsting ones.; Petitions are presented from! municipay councillors asking for enlarged powers, while counter-petitions are forwarded; from burgesBea and' ratepayer praying that existing powers, may be' curtailed. Ohanges of this sort continually being made give abundant work for lawyers and occasion-the calling of many public meetings and local agitations. Wherever twenty or thirty houses are gathered together, so long as there is a church, a dissent-' ing chapel, two public-houses, a lockup, and a policeman, there is a Municipal Council, with a full-fledged 'Mayor, nine Councillors, and a Town Clerk. These are always getting up deputations, who Journey to Wellington by; railway or steamboat to interview Ministers or, Parliamentary representatives to beg for grants: of- land, or reserves, or money put da the, Estimates, or something to the same effect. It is seldom these deputations get what they ask' for—they get many promises instead.- They have been ""courteously received,'' and are over whelmed with the urbanity of a Prime Minister.-. They have had a pleasant excursion. They. I come back and draw for their expenses and travelling charges out of the load revenues. Then the ratepayers write letters to the news papers saying there has bean a wasteful expen diture of money which would have been iauch more profitably expended in the making of drains and the formation of footpaths. Under a capital heading in a supplement c£ the Register—' The Last Loan"—I find the Trea surer (Hon. J. P. Boueaut), in answer tj a question from Mr. Boss, stating he had n't received any' information with regard'to the': disposal of the balance of the last' loan in London. That is exactly the question con-, tinually being asked by members in our As sembly. We never can get at the bottom *s: touching the balance of last loans. Sometimes; a member is told that the last loan has been-; amalgamated with a loan which has gone before, ; or that it has been used up to meet some! liability which had been incunedin completing the construction of a railway the cost of which i was in excess of the amount voted for it, or thej balance had been used to meet short-dated deben-■ tures given for money advanced by the Binks. ■ It will sometimes happen that the Colonial; Treasurer becomes irate mid refers enquiring; members to the last financial statement which ' be had made to the House. This is a clincher,! because no man living, so far as has been, ascertained, ever did get to understand the ins and outs, the debits and credits, the carryings from one account to some other account, the balances brought forward, carried over, and placed to the debit of credit of something eTse. . I say the repy is a elincher, because if a man were a \Vralkinghame's tutor and Bonnycastle's bookkeeper all in one he would not have as much arithmetic and knowledge of accountantship to enable him to -analyse or draw a conclusion from a Treasurer's financial statement, it is such a mixed-up affair. It is as much a wonder and surprise to me what becomes of the balances of " last loans" as what becomes of the umbrellas we leave behind us in public halls and never see again, or what we leave on our pistes after we have been dining at an hotel table, although as to the last I think breakfast hashes will account for some of the mystery. Then again as respects " the proposed system of taxation" we are with you once more. Our Ministers are now discussing a measure for imposing an income tax, as also a property tax. The principal drawback to its success will be that holders of land will object to being taxed and that receivers of income above £200 per annum will also protest. But as the income of a very large number of members in the Lower Hon Be is below the minimnm; both as regards landholdlngsahdiucome.it may possibly pass, more especially ns it will allow of the creation , of appointments for the unemployed hangers-on : at the doers of Government offices. Of coarse | the " working man" is to be considered through t the Customs tariff;■ bat how is not at present i stated. I think that part of the Government | policy will have to be shelved for the present I and considered at a future day. My own opinion, supported by the opinion of j those who should know, is that we shall 'have . an income- and properly . tax plus an increased Customs tariff before we shall be able to meet the larger annual into ; rest on our loan debentures while carrying on the large and costly public works which are ; proposed by Ministers. ' I rank myself among those who believe in large loans; as large as we can raise them upon our credit, because our national wealth, as yet but partially developed, together with our enormous areas of unalienated fertile lands, are more than equal to, any. strain we have yet thought of placing on them.: If in after years those who have succeeded us complain of the public debt we have left them to contend with, jthe ghosts of their forefathers will arise and pay, " LoV behold the rich inheritance whichjhas been -left you in the hundreds of -miles ijf railways; in your bridges, your harbours, j your breakwaters,. your river embankments, your roade. your docks, and your public build ings. -Are these' worth-nothing ? We whose bodies rest in graves made your country what it now is; what it never would have been but for us. Are all these, not worth the outlay ?" Piat's what our ghosts will say if ghosts are permitted to appear on earth and speak their sentiments. It cannot but be that South Aus tralia, although probably not so rich in natural wealth as New Zealand, will be able to meet the interest upon all you can borrow; and it should be for those who come-after, who will be reaping ^ie harvest, to bear their share of past public expenditure. i You too have your Waterworks Bill for ■ facilitating the supply of water to the City of Adelaide. In this we heat you hollow. Within the last three years we have had between forty and fifty Waterworks Bills through the House. - Tben is scarcely a eiiy or towa inNewZealand: bat what is \radmig under a Waterworks Bill; You also have .a Babbit Bill. So have.,we» They breed here by millions and consume the, runholdere'' grass, so that many , lure , been; utterly, impoverished. Hues are now -doing' likewise1 for youngy trees, Tines,'and- farm esculents. Sparrows instead of sticking to! worms'and caterpillars and suchlike nourishing things now give their whole minds to consuming seed wheat, oats, and barley. Pheasants, are; equally voracious and destructive; I should! much like to be at Ike hanging of some chair man of an Acclimatization Society; for these! associations with their wretched enthusiasts: have done more to retard the pnogress of a new, country than will be made good in ever so many decades. iinoDg other cognate institutions yon liyve ' Boards of Health. Bo have we, the members of which never take any action relating to their functions until a fever has broken out or an .epidemic set in, just as people do who insure! their houses after a.fire.: Your advertisements bear nearly the same relation to ours. There is one magnificent exception. Ton have a large' body of moneylenders in your midst. There is; I notice, money to lend .on: mortgage, on "free holds and leaseholds, on transfers, on bills and! promissory notes, on personal security, on watches and jewdlery and personal effects.. Of the latter class of lenders I may exclaim, u O, my prophetic soul, my UncleV' They are at times a very great convenience^—as who should know better than myself—so simple "and so clear in their operation, especially ' "where there are side doors to -the .establishment. Now with us, to your column of lending advertisement^, we can in our leading journals show three. columns of money borrowing ones. That's the. difference between you and us. Bat then yon see that at present the raising of loans is so very much more in cm line than in yours. Ton, if your columns speak true, are not devoid of eartbqnakesjbnt in the 'matter of each terrestrial tlireateniug^' you are hot a patch on New Zealand. Why, sir. while Parliament site only once ayear'in! "Wellington, that city, can show that its annual average of. earthquake suina up a total of two hundred and eleven. . So says Dr. Hector, the . Govern ment Geologist, one of whose, functions is to chronicle all earthquakes, and to, if possible, trace them to their first cause. Tn this he, has not been so successful as he has in ac climatising birds and fishes, the former of which costs the colony half a million a; year in \- theloss of .grass, and the latter never, coming to ! maturity because of being consumed by the eels which abound in oar rivets and which help to fatten-the Maori. - 1 ■ ! May X ask you—not from mere cariosity but for desired, information—what .are the precise constitutional powers and priyilega^passaased; by your Ministers, daring a . Parliamentary recess? It is a question Ishould yerymuch like to have answered.: Witt ds while the; Assembly is inr session the representatives do have some control over Ministers, but no sooner.is Parliament prorogued than allcontool .ceases, and Ministers are permitted to do what soever It may .please them, notwithstanding it may 'he in contravention to motions" which have; been carried by a majority of the representatives' during the time of the sessional sitring. Money shall have been voted for certain - railways or bridges, or for other, important public -works,, after all questions affecting them have been: fairly discussed in all then: several hearings.; The session comes to a dose; a long recess follows, but when the representatives are called together again it is learned that Ministers have defiantly ignored resolutions previously passed and have acted contrary - to the wishes ex pressed when in Parliament assembled. And this entirely on their own responsibility. Do your Ministers do the same sort of thing? If they do, do yon call it constitutional? I don't. For instan-e, and by way of illustrating my meaning, it had been declared during our last session that considerable reductions should -be made in certain departments of the public service; that certain proposed works should be proceeded with, that others should not; that certain endowments should be made. Bat when Parliament comes together again members of the House are informed that it has net been convenient to carry the resolutions of 'members, or that it was not considered expedient, or that it has not been something rise. I cannot approve of this sort of thing myself, because, you see, Ministers have only to keep , sweet with members until Parliament is • prorogued when they can permit themselves unchecked to pursue their own peculiar ends, however devious or unconstitutional they may he. I rather fancy from what I readinyour files to hand that your Ministers are not altogether innocent in this matter, and I think if I were a South Australian X shouldn't stand it. Our Government talk about introducing - coolie] labour from the Malay Peninsula for the purpose of cultivating - tobacco in suitable districts in the North Island. It is intended to make the industry a Government monopoly. If the proposal is allowed to assume form and shape, then if I be not very greatly mistaken there will be a kick up with the " working man." He will have none of it. He will talk about the thin end of the wedge towards introducing niggers who will be dealt with as slaves and who will interfere with the free European labour of the colony. I cannot say I like the idea myself. Thirty-two years ago—it comes within my personal knowledge—one Lieutenant Johnston brought to Victoria three cargoes of coolies, who were engaged for a term of five years to the squatters. The men— wretched anatomies they were—were to be trans ferable at the option of employers as might ba mutually agreed upon between themselves. These coolies were to serve In the capacity of shepherds and hutkeepers. Within six months one-third of these poor creatures had died from the nipping morning frosts 6n the plains; while others were turned away from the stations to linger about Melbourne and Geelongbegging food and shelter. It was a piteous sight. Of the 500 coolies who arrived only about a dozen returned to their own country. They bad been; used in their native homes to a diet of fish and rice and fruit and vegetables. On the stations, they got only mutton and damper. In some in stances they were most cruelly treated, in others as kindly, but they were quite unused to the work imposed on them;and their end was melancholy to behold. I don't want to see any more such importations, and I hope most sin cerely there will be none. 