Wb wore glad to soo that tho motion of tho hon. Prumior, that tho colony should bear its share of tho cost on Admiralty Marino Survey of its coasts, survived tho ill-judged objections of several tncmbors of tho House of Assembly, and was passed through all its stages. Though the hon. loader of tho Government took tho House Bomewlint unawares by bringing forward Jiis proposal yesterday afternoon, It must, of courso, bo admitted that tho circumstances surrounding tho case justified his action. Dolny in such a matter of business must havo been fatal to tho appointment of Captain Stanley to tho position, and must consequently have deferred the examination of the "West Coast for at loast twelve months. It was certainly unreasonable on the part of those hon. members who opposed tho motion on account of tho absonco of any apocifiocl period for tho completion 'of tho survey, when tho Premier so clearly allowed that tho undertaking would be terminable at tho end of ono year, if necessary. Reflection must nssuro' any mind that tho courso followod by tho majority of the Legislature last ovoning on this question was undoubtedly a prudent one. Looking at the consistent principles the party now in opposition Iiub adhered to under tho leadership of tho hon. member for Wcstbury, it seems strange that anv member of it should give evon tho slightest opening for a churgo of obstructing works of progress. The colony havo soon how liberal wero tho proposals for public works Mr. I'eiboy's Govormnunt brought forward, and how thoroughly unselfish was thoir policy for adjusting the finances of tho colony. Ousted upon false pre tences, tho party fought hard last session for tho passage of votes for many important, public works which, in their parsimonious policy, tho present. Govern ment had intentionally. . overlooked. 1 Driven into proposing tho required sum for tho dofonccs, Mr. Giblin found , ready supporters in tho Opposition, and tho equipment of onr.bnttories and voluntcors; reccivod' tho sanction of Parlininont. The remarks of tho hon. member/ for West;, bury, yesterday afternoon, wore just the reverse of those which should hare boon -used upon a voto for a work of, such assured utility as that of a marino survey of' the coast of the colony. It stands to reason that tho more money voted for works, from which substantial bonefits mey' bo dorived, before tho Colonial Trea surer makes 'his finanoinl - proposals/, the bettor,: inasmuch as 1 there ''is tho wore covtaiuty of capital and income being appealed to for tbu slmro of tho burdens of tho State. Tho fact that the lion, londor of the Opposition refrained from voting upon tho division last ovening, proved to our inind that he had the wisdom to see the error into which ho hnd been led on the spur of tho moment, when ho expressed his opinion that it would bo hotter to wait before tho proposal was entertained. Besides tho direct and pcrmunont bonofit the survoy is likely to bring to the colony, thoro cau bo no doubt that it will materially aid our progress, especially as it is intended to start upon tho ports which at presout attract . .the most attention, viz., . the Pieman River and Macquario Harbor. Much of tho money cxpomlotl upon it must- find circulation amongst us, therefore the responsibility is likely to be in every way u decided acquisi tion. It is many months since tho Minister of Lands promised au influential deputation that tho Pieman ltivor should bo buoyed so that steamers might bo able to enter it with safety. Now tho oppor tunity is givon to havo this work carried out without delay, and when once the proprietors of stoamors arc assured of the ontrauco to. tho hitherto formidable port, wo may expect to soo regular communication with tho ccntros of mining on tho coast. Tho establishment of the nirvoy should also be tho means of docided action boing taken to place light houses in the several parts whore their presenco is muoh rcquirod. Navigators of tho West Const havo often agitated for the prosenco of somo guiding light in a prominent position. Tho East Coast also calls for attontibn in this respect, as does also the question of altering or iucronsiug the beacons on Low Hond. Tho prompt action |of Parliament last ovoning will benefit not only tho maritime interest, but thosu who aro connected with the mining industry. Wo liopo to seo Cap tion Stanley commence his duties without tho least delay. LimsLATivK Council. — In the Legislative Council, tho Main Line Railway interest Bill, after considerable discussion, was carried, without tho provisos Mr. Grnbb proposed to he inserted, by eight to live. The Council agreed to tho proposals of the home Government, relative to having the Tft.smani.iti coast surveyed, and were unani mous in agreeing to tho service of Captain Stanley being procured for the purpose. At 10 minutes to 10 o'clock tho Mouse adjourned till 4 o'clock on Tuesday next. House of Assp.miily. — Shortly after the Speaker took the chair yesterday, the Pre mier, having obtained tho permission of tho I louse, moved, without notice, that the oiler of llu Admiralty to conduct a survey of tho Tasmania!) const and neighborhood bo ac cented. It would involve on tho part of the colony an expenditure of froin £1500 to £2000 per year. Jiis reason for moving the motion so hastily was that it vpis ueecssary to scouro the services of Captain Stanley and staff, who had received orders to proceed home. The motion was opposed by one or two hon. members, but ultimately carried on a division by seventeen to tlireo. 'The amendments made in committee in the Public Works Act Amendment Bill were agreed to, and the title altered, the word " repeal" being inserted instead of 11 amend ment." 1 The Council's alterations in tho Bankers' Law Bill wero agreed to. Tho Post Ollicc Bill was committed, and the clauses which hnd been postponed wero pissed, and the measure reported, with amendments, the third reading Iwing fixed for Tuesday next. Good progress was mndo in the Electoral Bill, and the Mouse ad journed shortly after 10 o'clock till Tuesday next. Vicr.-llunal Visit to tub Salmon Ponds. — His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Colonel St. Hill, Colonel F. D. Grey, Mr. I. B. Davison, and two other English visitors to the colony, paid a visit yesterday to the Salmon Ponds at New Norfolk. Starting by special train at 9 a.m. to Bridgewater, from which point the steam launch Enterprise conveyed them to Sir Robert Officer's resi- dence, and thence carriages were waiting to convey them to the Salmon Ponds. The party were then joined by K. C, Read, Esq., of Redlands, and inspected the hatching grounds, where several different lots of spawn were in various stages of incubation. The party returned to Hobart Town in the same manner in the afternoon. The engine which was attached to the special train was (No. 12) the first of the three new locomo- tives which the Main Line Railway Company have just imported by the Oleander, and which was in steam yesterday for the first time. The trial was most satisfactory in every respect, all the parts working perfectly. Those three engines have been specially designed for the Main Line Railway by the (Chief Locomotive Superintendent of the South Indian Railway, also a 3ft. 6in. gauge line, and were manufactured by the well-known locomotive builders, Messrs. Neilson and Co., of Glasgow, as already des- cribed in our issue of the 10th inst., when we gave some other details of these new engines, and from the satisfactory trial of No. 12 yesterday, we are glad to find that our hopes have so far been realised. The return journey from Bridgewater to the Hobart Town station, a distance of 13 miles, was accomplished in 31 minutes, including two stoppages. The engine was driven by Mr. Cundy, the Locomotive Superintendent. We congratulate the Railway Company on this accession to their locomotive power. We understand that an additional supply of new passenger carriages and waggons, also specially designed for the Main Line Railway, are now under construction, and will shortly be shipped from England. The Wrecks Enquiry Bill.— Au in fluential mooting of shipowners was convened, and held at the offices of tho T.S.N. Co., Franklin Wharf, yesterday. Thsre were present Messrs. E. M. Fisher, C. Dowdell, W. P. Green, H. F. Armstrong, Jos. Mackay, A. McGregor, H. Chesterman, S. Kennody, W. Sherwin, W. Fisher, J. R. Gourlay, and J3. J. Freeman, etc. Mr. E. J. Freeman, manager of the T.S.N. ,C.-, was voted to the cltnir, and explained the objects for which the meeting was called, which were to tako into consideration the Wreekago Bill now boforo Parliament. Captain W. Fisher addressed tho meeting, and pointed out that somo of the clauses in the proposed. Bill to Amend the Enquiry into Wrecks Act, 1874, would be found to bo prejudicial to the interests of shipowners generally. Mr. E. M. Fisher read to tho meeting a paper ho had prepared bearing upon tho question, and which particularly roforrod to the clauses which wero considered objection- able. uapcam Liounay supplied lniormaciou from the British Merchants' Shipping Act., Mr. McGregor also spoke on the question, anil stated that he agreed with former speakers that the clause referred to in the proposed amended bill would bo found injurious to- shipowners, etc., ; - On the motion of Captain 'Fishor, it was resolved that a deputation from this meeting wait upon tho Government without delay, to confer with thjit body as to tho bill now - beforo 'Parliament ; and tho chairman was requested to nrrnngo for tho deputation to meet tho Government, after which tho meet, ingbrokoup. Launceston : Sa vinos' Bank. — The half- yearly mooting was hold on Thursday/- Mr. ,W. Jlart in the chair. Of tho transactions during the past year tho actuary reported that the deposits had been £33,594 Gs. 2d., and tho repayments £31,005 7s. lid., show ing an oxcoss in favor of deposits of £2528 ISs. 3d. Tho report and balnnco- ahcet wore submitted and adopted, and: tho executive committco for ensuing half-year eloctcd as follows ; Messrs, Aikcnhcnd, C, S. Button, Bennett, Bowling, Green, J. J. Hudson, anil Ilarrap. — Launceston correspondent. . NKNy .TELEORArn OFFicK.-The telogrnpli authorities inform lis that-'a station is -now .opened at Cluulleigh, Concert at Bkiuu ro.s. — The special train which left the terminus at half- past 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon, took upwards of eighty persons to tho concert hold in the Congregational Church at Brighton. The train returned shortly after 1 1 o'eloek. We hold over a report of the proceedings' till Monday's issue. Unfilial Treatment. — A woman named Eliza Allen, a resident in Gcorgo-streot, re ported to the police yesterday that her daughter Eliza had assaultodlicr, by throw ing stones at her in her house. Sho received a cut on the forehead, which was dressed at tho hospital. Theatre Royal.— There was a splendid house at tho Theatre Royal last evening, especially iti-tho-dress- circlc, to witucss tho production'of Unit successful comedy "Baby." The audience wero kept in roars of laughter by the' many- ludicrous ami striking points which are so well brought out to the com pnny. The farce, "A. Model of a Wife," which concluded the-programine, also created a great deal of amusement. Tho snmo pro gramme will be repeated this ovening. Tint Railway Dp.I'UTATIon. — Wu under stand that Colonel Grey ami Mr. Davison, accompanied by one or two monitors of Parliament, and other gentlemen, will lcavo by the express train to-day for Deloraine., They will change trains at Evandalu junction, and then proceed to their destination, and during tho trip overy opportunity will be afforded tho visitors to view the ricli country in the westorn district. ' Supreme Court,— Their Honors tho Chief Justice and Mr. "Justice Dobson sat in the Supreme Court yesterday, and very speedily' disposed of the small amount of business to to transacted. ' It consisted of the appoint ment of an examiner for a gentleman Reeking admission as a conveyancer ; the setting aside of a case in which tho proper forms iiad not been observed ; and the suggestion that the case Nicholas v. Turner, be decided In Chambers. The suggestion seemed to be cheerfully adopted, and the Court was adjourned. D'Ahoy Rkad's Ghost. — This entertain ment is in high favor with the public of , Jlobart Town, and we do not think that Mr. Read will have any reason to regret his visit here. Last night the hall was crowded, ami tho spectral performances were well received. J'his afternoon there will bo a matinee, and an entire change- of programing is announced for next week. _ Costume Footiiall Match. — This annual uvent of the City Club will take place tu-duv, on the ground, Hampden Road. Game will be cnnfmcncod at 3 o clock. Oatlanda. — Our correspondent writes, under date Pith inst. : — About uoon on the 31«t ult, a report was received by a constable of the Oatlands police that a horse, the pro perty of one John Adams, had been stolon the night previous. Tho constable met the superintendent coming from his office, and verbally informed him of the matter. Tho superintendent, at tho time, being busy oh other important business, naked the constablo whether the horse had not strayed into the lanes about the township. Of course it was not the place of the superintendent to tell the constable what action lie was alwut to take in the matter, and therefore left it until business in hand was cleared off. I know for a fact that the report hnd escaped the superintendent's memory, and that, in con sequence, he had not, us lie could havo done in five minutes, telegraphed to all stations atung the line. I hear that next day (Sun day) Mr. Adams had further information regarding tho stolen horse, and that ho went to the superintendent's house and gayo it to him, at tho same time asking the superinten dent whether he had reported tho offence to all stations, and was informed that no report had hcou mado in the matter along the line, it having escaped his memory. For this great neglect on his part, I am informed, he will to called to account. So much for municipal government 1 1 have spoken with many of the respectable residents (luring business hours, through the municipality, ami find that the superintendent is very much esteemed ono anil all say that ho : in an officer who is underpaid and much abused. Hospital Board.— 1 The business trans acted at the meeting of this body yesterday wus unimportant. Dr. Smart occupied tho chair, and there was a fair attendance of members. Tho Visiting Committee brought up their report.. They stated that they lmd held several meetings, each of . rather long duration, investigating the caso of tho alleged improper burial at the Cornelia Bay Cemetery. Seventeen witnesses wore called and examined, hut as tho enquiry was not concluded, they/ deferred bringing up the result of their labors until a futuro date, it was mentioned in the report that the dis penser of tho -institution had tocn absent from his duties in consequent of ill- health, and that ono of the students had abandoned his studies for the same reason. Tho Go vernment had been requested to procure the services of another dis)xuiser. Dr. Bright called the attention of the board to tho coin- I plaints whicli-had toen made relativo to tho manner which bodies wore allowed to lie in the dead house. , Ho said that undertakers, jurymen, and others, had referred to the fact that tho corpses wero insufficiently covered, ono lmdy perhaps being hidden by a dirty cloth, whilst another would be quite bare. Mr. Witt's report regarding tho num ber of out patients that had bean dealt with was received. The meeting then adjourned. It is probable that bv the next meeting of the board further light will bo thrown npoq the matter of the burials referred to above, and that it will not turn out so unfavorably as somo persons would wish to have it sup posed. A children's service of song is announced to be hold in St. John's Presbyterian Church to morrow evening, at 7 o'clock. An address will be delivered by tho pastor, tho Rev. James Scott. 