CALIFORNIAN MAIL EXTRACTS DATJBLEY'S SPECTRE STORY. HIS nonsE STOHTNG AND TREMBLING wrrn TERROB AT THE SUENE OP A MURDER, (from the Reading Eagle) There was a fearful runaway of a frightened horse on Wednesday night on the turnpike between Mohrsvillo and Shoemakorville. The occupants of the light wagon were James Daubley, a drover of Montgomery county, and his hired man, Henry Schmeck. These men related their adventures to soveral friends in this city tho next morning, the following of which is a gist of the story as told by l|r. Daubley: " We were coming down the road on "Wednesday night at about 10 o'clock. We had been up along tho Blue mountains. I know were Jolrn Dichl murdered his victim, Harlan, and throw him into the small crook from the narrow bridge across the road. I ^ also know the island where Adaline Weaver was dragged by a man and killed. I have also heard of one other murder, but I nover believed in ghosts or hobgoblins. " The road is very daTk and lonely, but I had a good, gentío horse, and just let him pick out his own road, and wo went along all right. But on Wednes- day night something happened to me that I never want to happen again. I am not a drinking man, nor do I take it as medicine. I had a nap in the afternoon, and when I left my customers above Hamburg I never felt better in my life. " We passed Shoeraakerville at about 10 o'clock, crossed the bridge all right, and drove along slowly down the road. Suddenly the horso gave a start as a bright object skipped across the road in front of us. The horse shied, and both of us men saw the light. I'm no fool, and I know that I did not seo double that night or dream anything, cither. The bright object skipped as a sheep runs, and suddenly it took a jump and leaped over a tree twenty feet high and disappeared. Our horse snorted. Suddenly across the meadow or low land I saw the same thing. It went up into the air twenty or thirty feet, and then came down and whirled over to the road again. The light thing crossed the pike, and then we heard a low singing. It stopped near enough for us to seo it plain. My hired man jumped into the road, and caught hold Of the horse's bridle. Ho threw a colored handker- chief over the horse's eyes, as the animal trembled like a leaf. " The singing became a little louder, but I could not make out the words. I own up that for onco.in my life I was scared. The horse stood still and trembled. Tho bright object might have been fifty yards from me. It seemed to be hanging from a tree about three feet from the ground. When I became a little more cool I thought it was the form of a woman. It had long hair, and was dressed all in white. The arms were bare, and with one of them extended, it pointed toward the black woods over tho canal. Then I think I heard these words from her : ' They dragged me down, they dragged me down.' I am sure she said those words, but the last I won't be sure about. They wero these : ' My poor h'fo was robbed, was robbed, when they murdered mc 1' Sud- denly I thought of tbo murdered young woman. My hired mau saw and heard all that I did, but neither spoke a word. "Then the white form shot up through the branches and seemed to float around in a circle, leaving a bright trail after her, until there was a lightish circle in the air that looked like a ring around the sun. Then it sang, ' I come, I come, the hour is here.' The last word she fairly shrieked, and the horse rose on his haunches,,, and tho hired man fell on his back in the mud. I saw the figure shoot off into the black night, and in a minute it was gone. It was a little time before we got started, as the horse would not go faster than a smart walk. His head was well up and bis tail extended. " À horse can see sharper than a man at night, in my judgment, and my horse haB a pair of good eyes. Wo had not gone very far before the animal gave a snort and reared again. I did not see anything but I knew the horse did. My hired man again jumped out and held him at the bridle. I looked ahead and about a quarter of a mile I saw a bluish white light roll around on the top of the fence on the left side. It seemed to spin around, and it went along very fast. " Ï made up my mind to seo what that thing was. The bright light came along at good speed, but when a sudden spurt of wind blew the light floated away. It soon came back over the fence. ' Tura the horse a little further,' I shouted. )' I'm going to grab this thing sure, if it takes all the hair off my head.' On came that light, and suddenly it stretched It was not a ball, but the form of a man, with black hair, and it had on a white skirt, npthing more. I'll swear that it was nothing but that, because I saw it. It carno right up to me. I stioped down until it got right above mo, when I jumped to grab it. I fell into a mud puddle. I was iiot hurt, but something had struck me on the forehead. The strange thing was singing something about» ' coming.' Wo spoke not a word to each other. When I got up I looked over the field, and I saw two bright lights floating about in a circle. I then became pretty weak, and I leaned against tho fence. I hpoko to my hired man and asked him. ' Do you see that thing f ' Ho said, ' Yes,' and we spoke no more just at that time. Then the two forms floated over above the ruins of an old stone houso in tho field. The northern gable end was standing, and upon the peak of this they sat, and wo heard them singing. All of a sudden every- thing was black again, and wo could see no more then. The horso was as wet as though he had swam the river. " Wo had not gone three hundred yards before those two some lights seemed to jump right out of a pile of old stumps, and they shot across the piko right ahead of'us. The horse snorted and away he went. I don't remember what followed. The night was dark, and yet the animal ran like a deer. " I don't believe in spooks, but I know enough. The next time I travel that way will bo in the day time.". , ' 