THE MALL NEWS. The news by the Tanjore brings the detailedrecord of European events down to the eve of the Bitting of the Berlin Con gress. It is evident that un to that juncture notning naa oeen omcially an nounced regarding the secret understand ing between England and Russia, tha subsequent disclosure of which had such a startling effect upon Europe. True, a suspicion existed that the negotiations were not being limited to the terms of England's demand that the Treaty of San Stefano should be submitted in its entirety for considera tion and revision by the Congress. This suspicion in the case of Austria even assumed the shape of an uneasy appre hension of being outflanked in diplomacy, andledtothewarlike demonstration which for a time threatened to prove an awkward obstruction in the way of friendly com promise. But as a matter of fact nothing was known as to the real state of the case. Why such mystery should have been observed with respect to proceedings pregnant of hope for the happy issue of the Congress it is difficult to conceive. So far as Prince Gortschakoff is concerned the silence maintained is perhaps not to be wondered at, for Muscovite diplomacy does not as a rule court the light, and the agreement arrived at had too much the aspect of a triumph for British statescraft to be voluntarily blazoned abroad by Russia. Nor is it surprisiaing that Prince Bismarck, who was obviously privy to the whole arrangement, and actively instrumental in bring ing it about, should have carefully kept his own counsel respecting it Throughout the whole affair he has avowedly acted the part of a benevolent broker, and it was for his principals and not for him to give publicity to the transaction. But, we may well ask, how comes it that British Ministers, who enjoy a reputation for thorough straight forwardness and transparent candour in their dealings with foreign nations, observed such extraordinary reticence T How comes it that they should have kept Parliameat in the dark, and by their secrecy have run the risk of exciting distrust and ill will towards England in the minds of Austria, France, and Italy ? The best answer to the question that suggests itself is to be found in the Premier '3 ineradicable passion for dramatic situa tions and theatrical effects. It would not have united hi3 purpose to let it be known beforehand that England and Russia had come to an agreement upon all the material points in the Treaty, and he knew he could depend upon his mechanical majority in Parliament to shield rurn from censure when ths facts 'which he had delibe rately kept out of eight cams to be disclosed. It is fortunate for him and for Great Britain that the allies of the mother-country have not displayed any hyper-sensitiveness in the matter, but have steadily devoted themselves to the work of completing the pacification of Europe. The lustre of the diplomatic triumph which the Imperial Government have unquestionably achieved would have been even more brilliant had there been in the conduct of the negotiations a less marked departure from English traditions in favour of having everything dons aboveboard, in a frank and straight forward manner. Full particulars are now to hand of the debate as to the conduct of the Govern ment in moving Indian troops to Malta without the knowledge or consent of Par liament In a powerful speech the Mar quis of Hartington, who led the attack, condemned the secrecy which had charac terized the proceedings of the Govern ment, and asserted that the dispatch of the troops was in direct contravention of the Mutiny Act and the Bill of Eights. The unusual course of moving an amend ment in ratification of the step taken was adopted by the Government ; but neither the mover (Sir Michael Hicks-Beach) nor the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who also spoke, troubled themselves to defend the Ministerial position from a constitu tional point of view. They met the charge of secrecy by a plea of expediency, and in justification of the movement of the troops maintained that the necessity for action was urgent. Even the Attorney-General (Sir John Holker) dealt vaguely and jauntily with the legal view of the matter. The Bill of Rights and the Mutiny Act, he contended, had no relevancy to the case, inasmuch as they vrero limited in their application to the United Kingdom. The point in his judgment narrowed itself doira to one of Supply. The House, having the power of the purse, could refuse to grant provision for the transfer of the troops ; but apart from that it had no legitimate power of interference. This view was powerfully combated by Mr. Gladstone, who, in a speech exhibiting profound research, a marvellous grasp of the subject in its broader aspects, and a keen insight into the minutest subtleties of the con stitutional argument, demolished the de fence that hadfbeen set up and dofinci the issue down to the narrowest limits. He ridiculed the notion of Parliament controlling an expenditure which had already been incurred, and in the interests alike of England and India protested against the employment of Asiatio armies in support of the European interests of Great Britain. Mr. Cros3 and Sir Stafford Northcotc attempted a rejoinder to the brilliant speech of the late Premier, but fortunately for them the decision pre sently given was not governed by weight of argument. Considerations of party over ruled considerations of precedent and con stitutional practice, and a majority of 121 endorsed the expediency policy of the Government Their victory is not one on which the Ministry can pride them selves, and the propriety of the step, apart from its legality, is open to grave doubts. At all events, its importance as esta blishing a precedent for the future cannot well be overrated. In the Parliament domestic legislation has through the attention paid to Eastern matters been pushed into tho background. In the Lords the Bishoprics Bill, the Factories and Workshops Bill, the Customs and Inland Revenue, and the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Bill have been passed, and alight progress has been made with other measures, In the Commons the County Governments Bill, a measure which met with the strong oppo sition of the Liberal party, has been with drawn, and some attention has been devoted to Irish Education, but no new Bills have been brought to maturity. The prospects of the session certainly do not improve as it advances, and there is little room for supposing that it will be lea barren, than its predecessors. In other respects the month has been tby no means uneventful. The second attempt on the life of the aged Emperor of Germany caused a sensation in all the capitals of Europe. This was intensified in London by the presence of tho Crown Prince and Princess of Germany, and by the knowledge of the efforts that had been made by Germany to bring about a peaceful solution of the difficulty between England and Russia. The capsize. of a powerful German ironclad within sight of the English coast, and the disastrous loss of life occasioned by this lamentable catastrophe, moreover enhanced the sympathy felt for the Emperor in his later trouble. Inasmuch as no official enquiry had, when the mail left, been held into the circumstances of the collision occasioning tho 1ob3 of the Grosser Kur furst, it is impossible to form any definite opinion on the point ; but there is every reason to believe that the accident is to be attributed to carelessness. The occur rence furnishes another proof of the enormous power for mischief of these gigantic warships. If only they can fce prevented from running each other down they will be most formidable for purposes of offence. It is to be noted that the 'formation' of the German fleet is said to be faulty. The distance allowed between ironclads at sea is alleged to be insufficient, and the loss of the Grosser Kurfurst is pointed to in support of the contention, for it is asserted that the collision would not have taken place had there been more sea room available. Apart from these start ling occurrences, the current of life in Eng land has been seriously disturbed by home troubles. The protracted strike in Lane a shire,aUhQnghfortunately unmarked by the rioting which had disgraced the record of the previous month, had assumed a more aggravated phase than ever. All attempts to effect an understanding between tha employers and the operatives had failed. Mill after mill had stopped, and thus increased by hundreds the already rast number of those thrown out of work, is was to be expected whiio tho looms (rere thus idle hunger, misery, and desti* tution reigned among tho working class: *. The excitement created throughout England by the advent of the Australian Cricketers is a more pleasing feature ia the news of tho month. Tho hoarti iiesa of their welcome to Eug« lish soil illustrates most pleasingly the fraternal feeling entertained by tha people of the mother - country towards] colonists, and tho profound enthusiasm excited by tho first triumphs of tha Eleven shows how genuine tho welcome was. Not only was it a recognition of their prowess, but also the outcome of a warm pride in the feats of tho distant off fihoota of the parent stock. Perhaps never before have Englishmen sa horoughly realized the connection be* tween Great Britain and the colonies; and there can be little doubt Hut the pre sence at homo of tho Australian Cricketers will do more to diffusa a general knowledge of their country than could possibly be effected by any o her means. And, whilst ia England Australians are proving to tha nation that the race has not degenerate* ' in physique or in capacity to hold its own ' in the sports in which Englishmen delight, the Colonial Courts at tho great International Exhibition at Paris ara bearing testimony to the advanced posi tion of these provinces as regardsthein trade, commerce, and general industry. It is gratifying to find that the South Australian Court is regarded as by no means the least worthy of notice, and that it has attracted a share of attention from tha many thousand representatives of all nations now assembled in Paris far greater than that which has been accorded to tho sections of the Exhibition allotted to older countries. The Exoxjsh Mail.— Tho Taujore with maila from Europe and the East anchored off Glenelg at 6.50 o'clock on Sunday evening. The mail* were dispatched to town by a special train at 8 o'clock. The cargo for Adeliide was transhipped by the steamer Eleanor and also sent to town daring the night. The TSmjore after receiving a supplementary mail for Melbourne left Gleoelg about 11 p.m. Thb Cable News.— The proceedings of tha Berlin Congress are now ended, and on Saturday the Treaty was signed by tho Powers repre sented. Formal poswwsion of Cyprus has been taken on England's behalf by the Secretary to the British Embassy at Constantinople and the Anglo-Turkish Convention proclaimed in tho island. It haa been decided that Special Com missioners shall supervise the Turkish finances, and a Russo- Turkish Commission htm bt-en appointed to anange for the cvacnation of the Turkish fortresses. The 12th of July passed off quietly in Montreal. Tho Orange procession did cot take pbco, it having been forbidden by the Mayor. Another shipping accident i« reported. The Scottish Admiral, an emigrant fhip bound for Queensland, stranded at South c nil, but was afterwards got off and towed to Gravesend. Sir Thomas Elder.— At a Ieve held at St. James's Palace, on June 3, by the Prince of Wales, on behalf of the Queen, the following presentation was made:— Sir Thomas Elder, member of the Legislative Council of South Australia, on receiving the honour of Knight hood, by the Secretary of State for the Colonies. New Zealand Railway Material .— The Government are making arrangements for the shipment of the remainder of the railway plant recently purchased by them in New Zealand. It is to be hoped that it will meet a better fate than that on board the Hydrabad. Tint SnuKDiira of tm Gabokiih. — Tha Board of Trade has held an enquiry into tho circumstances of the stranding of the Orient liner Garonne near the Golf of Aden, and it will be seen by the telegrams published olsewhero that Captain De Steiger is blamed for the accident. Ilia certificate has been suspended for six months. Bbtubxid Mail PAssmanis.— Among tha passengers for Adelaide who arrived by tha English mail steamer Tanjore, on Sunday, waa Mr. 'W. A. Cawthorne, from Southampton. Thb Cobii Mabkht.— The English telegrams we publish this morning report an advance in the corn market of from 6d. to Is. per quarter. The Late Mr. W.K. THOMAS.— A special sermon having reference to the life of the late Mr. Wm. Kyffin Thomas was preached by the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B , at the Flinders street Baptist Church on Sunday morning, July 14\. We give a report of it in another column. Evangelical Alliance.— The annual meet ing of this Alliance will be held this morning in Pirie-street Lecture Hall, when addresses will be given by the Chairman-elect (Rev. J. Lyall) and other ministers. The Out Sqcaeks.— At the meeting of tha City Council to-day Councillor Hagedorn is to move—' That a call of the Council be made foe Monday, July 22, to consider the motion passed at the meeting, appointing a gardener for tha sqnarei of the city, with a view to the remission of such appointment.' The Murder in the North.— Elsewhere we publish a full telegraphic report of the inquest on the body of Mr. H. T. Mansell, who was killed at Moralana last week. The verdict returned was one of wilful murder against Michael Henry Burke, a blacksmith, who was arrested on the evening of the 11th at the Hookina Hotel. The Coroner was Mr. J. P. Buttfield, S.M., on whom the inquest entailed a journey of 150 miles, as he had to go from Blinman for the purpose of holding it. The murder has caused great excitement in the North, and Mr. Mansell's untimely fate is much regretted. SehicttltuhaxFaeh ik We.«tew» Australia. —In aDother column wiil be found nnaivertise ment by which it will bf» m en that the Govern ment of Western AnrtriJia are offering to leaio tbe gericultural farm and mulberry plantation which they have established in Perth. Pobt Adf.t.aidb Markkt. — In our advertising columns will be found the prospectus of thfl1 Port Adelaide Market Company. The capital proposed to be raked is £11,000 in 11,000 share* of £1 each. The property scoured for tha market in that lately known aa Roy nold's timber yard, and plans huve been prepared showing; the disposition of the sbopg and stalls from, which a revenue i« expected to be derived. Theatrb Royal.—' Hamlet' wm repeated at the Theatre Royal on Salnrdny night to an excellent house in point of numbers, but tha ' gods' kept up a most unwmly uoine by 'stamp- ing' up and down stairs and scnfiling with thtir heavy boots during the whole perform ance, besides disturbing tha audience by their untimely entrances and exits. Msnv of tha finest ps-wages in ' Hamlet' w.-n? thus rendered inaudible. An eudiavour should be mode to secure better order. IVuight ' Hamlet' will be again presented. Bt. Andrew's Hall.-- A musical and literary euteitainnu'Tit will be given this evenings in connect ion with the opening of thii Hall by tlio St. Andrew's Young Men'* Society, asaiatod to» Bevcral well-known amateurs. '** Houses fob thk Adelaide Market. — A corretpondent writing from Narracoorte under date July 10 says : — 'Mr. R. Copeman, a well known dealer, passed through here to-day with 100 superior hone* for ibe Adelaide maftetf. .- The borsei are said to be a picked lot, purchased from some of tbe bent breedf ra in Victoria, and are, I hear, from the purest Clydesdale blood ia that coloDy.' , ?-£ VarusxEtat Mtutaby Force. — A troop of cavalry numbering 20 men. under the com* mand of Captain Hemmingway, two batteries of artillery numbering 100 men under the com mand of LieutenautrColonel Mathews, and five companies of the Adelaide Bifles nnmbering 3G0 men under the command of Iieutenant Culonel Fitzroy, formed the master on parade on Saturday afternoon. A Company (East Adelaide), mustering 43 strong, proceeded under the command of Captain France to Dry Creek by the 12.45 train, for ball-firing. The practice teas under the general superintendence of Major Trapman, and Surgeon-Major Clindening was on the ground in case of accidents, of which happily there were none to relate. The firing on the whole was fair at distances of 250 and 300 yards. The raised paths at the Batta are now finished! and although well constructed are certainly not wide enough to properly accommodate the squads. B Company (West Adelaide), O Company (South Adelaide), D Company (North Adelaide), and F Company (Norwood) were exercised in company drill by their respective captains, and subsequently in battalion drill by the officer iu command, Captain Madley, on foot, acting as major. Th: commanders of B and G Companies during th time allotted to company drill contented them, ttlves with exercises in extended order, the senior captain taking command of the two companies ; aid we noticed a somewhat new manueavre, after the form of & rallying square. £ Company (Hindmarsh), under command of Captain ilagnrey, were instructed in position drill and musketry exercise by Lieu tenant Williams, the adjutant, and quartermaster. Sergeant-major Bush, the new arrival, also assisted in instruct ing. The officers' examinations are to take place during the first week in August, and doubtless the non-commissioned officers will also shortly have to pass an examination, as an instruction class has been formed for them on Thursdays at 7 p.m. A staff instructor is detailed to drill teachers and pupil teachers oa Friday evenings and on Saturday mornings at the Model School. A staff instructor is also detailed to drill a ladies* clays at the Friendly Society's Hall, Archer-street, North Adelaide, every Tuesday afternoon. We notice in General Orders that 'permission has been obtained for volunteers of all ranks to travel by rail when on duty and in uniform free of charge. The fact of a volunteer being in uniform alone en titles him to this privilege. Attention is called to paragraph 6° Bules and Begulations. regarding the wearing of uniform. When it is necessary for recruits who have no uniform to travel by rail passes will be issued.' The captain for the ensuing week is Captain Madley, and the subal tern Lieutenant Baget. ENTEBTAIJTMEirr AT THH TOWW HjUX.— The concerts given by the Mayor of the city in the Town Hall on Saturday evenings are increasing in popularity. On Saturday evening, July 13, the tenth of the series was well attended, every part of the hall being filled. The Military Band played some selections, but it cannot ba said that the audience were much pleased with them. The bard is capable of ' discoursing most excellent music,' but they should re member that inarches which would sound admirably in the open air lose all their effect when given in a room, nor is the accompaniment of drums calculated to assist in making the strains ' ; Dul-ic spiring.' If the gentleman who arranges the performances of the band would consider that his men were going to play in the Town Hall for the enter tainment of peaceable people, and not on the battle- field. for tbe purpose of drowning the clashing of artillery, he would see that it was advisable to place music before the players which would produce something different ii 'sonorous martial sounds.' The members of the Adelaide Musical Union gave some chor jsea in pleasing style. Mrs. Cheeseman was very succesef ol in ber rendering of ' The Lo /er aud the Bird.' Mr. Mumme sang ' The White Sijuall' with good effect. Messrs. MeBride, I'ybus, and Oughton (violin, piano, and orgm respectively) played Gounod's ' Meditation on the First Prelude of Bach,' and had to repeat it in response to a unanimous encore. Mrs.Thomlinsoa and Mr. Mumme were loudly applauded for the pleasing way in which they gave Balfe's duet, ?? The Sailor Sighs.' Mr. Christen was hardly heard to advantage in the aria, ' O Isis ! O Osiris!' A quartet, 'The Two Roses,' by Messrs. Mumme, Narroway, Nash, and Christen, was well rendered. One of the most pleaatr-j numbers was that which opened the second part of the programme, ' The Queen's Grand Solemn March,' by Kivitre, in which the organ, the band, and three voices were called into requisi tion. Miss Vaughan secured the approbation of the audience for her rendition of a song entitled ?Waiting.' Mrs. Thomlinson and Messrs. Mumme and Nash gave ' Turn on, Old Tune,' and were encored. Mr. MeBride played a violin solo, but owing to the lateness of the hour had to decline an encore. A descriptive song, ' Wrecked and Saved,' was effectively given by Mr. Nash. Death rxDBB Suspicious OiHcustsTjjtcBS. — An inquest will beheld thia morning at the Angel Inn, Gouger-street, on the body of Mary 1'hilcmena Bolder, wife of Thomas Bolden, who died at her residence on Saturday morning, July 13. The husband of deceased wu brought before the Police Court on July 8 on a charge of assaulting his wife, and it was then stated by Mary Turner that about three weeks prior to that date the had found Bolden worse for liquor standing iu the passage trying to get into his wife's bedroom, the door being locked. At her solicitation the door was opened, and Bolden went into the room, Mrs. Bolden being theu in bed ill of consumption. Mrs. Turner then went outside, and shortly afterwards Mrs. Bolden called to her to take her husband away. She at once went into the room and saw that he had hold of his wife by the wrists, so she told him to leave her alone, and took up a candle stick to make him do so. He then struck Mrs. Bolden with all his force between the shoulders, and threw her on her knees into the front room. Dr. Mclutjre said Mrs. Bolden was in a decline, and the harjh treatment she hrd received would undoubtedly hasten her death. Other evidence Was given which showed that Bolden had on different occasions assaulted his wife in a brutal manner, and had also aggra vated her very much by using violent language acd demanding' money for drink. Bolden wa* remanded on three separate occasions, bail only being allowed in the last instance. The City Coroner has, we understand, taken Mrs. Bolden's depositions. Chaihmbk of Boahdb of Advtch.— Now that the working of the Education Act is attracting such general attention the following list of the districts in which School Boards have been appointed, with tbe names of their Chair men, will no doubt be of interest: — Burra — Mr. B. Lipsett, J.P. Broughton— Mr. P. Bow land, J.P. Bundaleer— Mr. 6. Inglis. Belalie — Mr. W. J. McGeorge. Clarendon— Mr. Thos. Lloyd, J.P. Clare— Mr. T. H. Hosier, J.P. Encounter Bay— Mr. A. F. Lindsay, J.P. East Torrens— Mr. G. S. Fowler, MJ\, J.P. Gawler — Mr. J. H. Thornley. Glenelg — Mr. T. Giles, JT. Hynam— Mr. J. L. Stallage. Hindmarsh — Mr. J. Pickering, JJ?. BighercoBibe — Mr. G. McEwin, J.P. Kapunda— Mr. D. Nock, J.P. Lacepede— Mr. K. H. Venn, JJ. Moonta— Mr. H. R. Hancock, J.P. Mount Gambier— Mr. 3. Watsoa, J.P. Mount Hnirhead, Mr. J. Osman. Maunum — Mr. B. H. Jones, JJ*. Mount Remarkable— Mr. C. Giles, JJP. Mcorooroo— Mr. T.W.Charles worth, SLA. Narracoorte — Mr. H. J. Smith, SJkl. Norton's Stunmit— Mr. G. Noices. Penola— Dr. H. Breton. Port Lincoln— Mr. J. S. Browne, S M. Port Adelaide-Mr. D. Bower, M.Pn J.P. Port Pirie— Mr. H. Warren, J-P. Port Wake field— Mr. A. McMillan. Port Angusfcv— Mr. T. Young, J.P. Kobe— Mr. F. D.Hodge, J.P. Strath albyn— Dr. W. A. S. Blue, J J- Saddleworth— Mr. C. K. GooJe, J.P. Trotibridge— Mr. T. Corlett. TTnley and Mitcham— Mr. W. Gooch. Wallaroo— Mr. J. GaskelL J J. Willunga— Mr. A. Hack. Woodside— Mr. F. Duffield, J.P. YankiOilla— Dr. H. O. Curtis. Yorke Valley Mr. H. Lamshed. J J. The Boards of Advice for Alma and Crystal Brook have only recently been appointed, and their Chairmen have nor yet been chosen. The Gumeracha Board bus not yet met, the Yfttala Board has not elected a Chairman, and the Ohairnun of the Mount Barker Board (Mr. J. G. Ramsay) has resigned, and his successor has not op to the present time been elected by the Local Board. Fibb.— On Sunday afternoon, July 14, an alarm was raised in Bent-street that a house occupied by Miss Kyan was on fire. Constable Homeroy was soon on the scene, and with some assistance extinguished it. It was found that . the front doer and the floor were considerable burnt. . The origin of the fire is unknown, as na I one wss in the house at the time it broke out. f .3 he damage done was Tery slight. Xuuu-$r.:EaCAFH From Dkowxino.— Lind- Corporal Freeman and Water-Polieeman Douglas saved two men from drowning in the Company's Basin/Fortr Adelaide-, at 1 am. on Siaday morning, July 14. ' Samuel Charles Jk«v aud Jani-s JTay, seamen of the barque Pet, were rrcsinj; the gangway and slipped into the strtam. The tide was low and the pile* slippery, cu'l but for the rcpos which the police threw cvtr in time they must have perished. Mb. Josmh Boothbt. — The European Meat of Jane 7 states that ' the numerous friends of Mr. J. Boothby, Under Secretary of South Australia and Government Statist, will be glad to learn that the Geographical Society of Berlin has conferred upon him a diploma appointing him a corresponding member of that distin guished Society. Mr. Boothby has for some years been an honorary corresponding member of the Statistical Society of London. The diploma wan received at the hands of Professor Dr. Leasing, who had been deputed to present it at Paris, where Mr. Boothby is engaged as Special Commissioner for South Australia at the Universal Exhibition. It is gratifying to notice that our young and distant dependen cies are promoting the cause of science, and that the efforts of those engaged therein are recog nised by the learned Societies of Europe.'' Australian Yachtsmen n» England. — 'Anglo-Australian'' in the Europea.i Mail, speaking of the commencement of the yachting season, says the first run was made from the Ihames to Harwich on June 1, when the Jullanar Yawl, of 127 tons, belonging to the public- spirited colonist, Alexander Donald M»;]eay, took the first prize, and upon her return spin came in second. A second vessel in this squadron, aptly named the Australia, is owurd by Mr. W. W. Hughes, a former squatter in South Australia, and there are yet others closely connected with the Australian Colonies. Some day they will be crossing the Equator — who knows ? — in their yacht?;and be exhibiting to. Sydney Harbour the finest yachting models that the world has yet produce 1. The Hcwabs Cubs Mbhoeial.— A meeting of the members of the Committee of the Howard Clark Memorial Fund was held at Mr. R. Allen, jun.'s,office,Temple- Chambers,oa Saturday, July 13\. There were present— Mr. W. Townsend, SLP. (in 'the chair), Hon. L. Glyde, Mr. C. Todd, O.M.G., Eev. J. C. Woods, B.A., Messrs. B, Kay, J. H. Finlayson, J. P. Stow, J.P., T. W. Harris, and the Secretaries (Messrs. K. Allen, jun., and J. F. Conigrave). Various subscriptions were handed in, amounting in the aggregate to nearly £200. It was resolved that the Committee should personally canvass their friends during the ensuing week and meet again ou Saturday next for the purpose of enabling them to adver tise the list of donations received up to that date. White's Rooms.— Kelly & Leon's minstrel troupe gave a fresh relish .to their admirable entertainment on Saturday night by introducing gome new vocal features and a new burlesque. Of the farmer the best were a ballad composed by Mr. Luscombe Searell (whose masterly pianoforte-playing will be remembered in con nection with Mons. Houdiu's recent entertaia ments in White's Booms), entitled ' My Distant Home,' a pretty little harmony which Mr. Beaumont Read sang with his accustomed effectiveness, and 'Angels listen when she speaks,' rendered by the same- artist. 'The Only Leon's' olio, 'A Girl in advance of the Times,' was repeated, and convulsed the audience as irresistibly as it did on the first night of its production. He must have been a very observant Leon in his day when young ladies of the period hovered near him. One cannot imagine a more life-like personation of a female by a man. He also ap peared in the same guise further on, when the farce — unquestionably a screamer — of 'Bellea Df the Kitchen' was played. The piece is de signed to illustrate ' high tints in the lower regions, or the doings of domestics in the ibsence of their employers,' and in the course of the play are introduced high tragedy, low comedy, opera, and ballet, all varnished over with the most ticklish extravagance imaginable. Mr. Leon was Mary the housemaid ; Mr. Sur ridge, Lucinda Scrubbs the lady's maid, a pon derous lump of consequential stupidity ; and Mr. Lester, Barbara the kitchenmaid, decidedly of the lowest order, an animated ' dishclout' flying ilwsys in the face of her betters, Mary ard Lucinda ; while Mr. Kelly was Timotheus Gibbs, i doctor's servant, resplendent in buttons and tight breeches, Mary's ' young man f and Mr. Dourtright was the agile poetic Wiggins, a hair dresser (a sceruer of penny shavers), who fondly idmired Lucinda Serubba. They all meet in the kitchen, and with charming unanimity agree to pass the time in tragical acting. The private theatrical wardrobe of the master and ' missus' is appropriated, and then the fun begins or is rather increased to the wildest pitch. ' Romeo mil Juliet' is acted, with Jim and Lucinda in :he title roles, Lucinda, fat and heavy, leaning )ver the top of an overturned table, as describing Juliet in the balcony scene, and the rest of it all ia keeping with the side-splitting absurdity of ;he burlesque. Then Leon and Kelly appear in jpera — 'Trovatore' is travestied uDroariously. Last of all the whole of the downstairs company [oin in a ballet. This programme will be re peated this evening. Cbicxbt nf Ehqland.— In other columns we rablish from otr correspondent with the Aus tralian Eleven detailed accounts of tbe matches nith the Nottingham, Marjlebone, Yorkshire, ind Surrey Elevens. Accidents. — The following casualty cases lave been admitted into the Adelaide ETwpital :— Samuel Campbell, a young nun, who was thrown from a wagon aud had his foot leverely crushed at Kapunda on Friday evening, July 12; Alfred Kirkwood, a lad, who was :hrown fromllr. Saville's horse Rover at Lockleys )n Saturday, July 13, and broke his thigh ; and Frederick Edwards, aged 13, who fell from a iray leaded with wood at Helair on the same lay and severely cut his head. School foe Ltfsoh's Com— At a recent meeting held at the Burrowing Hotel, Lipson's 3ove, Port Lincoln, a Committee, consisting [of Messrs. E. D. Swaffer, E.Oswald, J.Scott, and P. Sullivan, was appointed to represent to the government and to .the members for the district the necessity of erecting a Government school it Upton's Cove. The building at present used belongs to the Burrawing Company, aud may be required at any time for other purposes. In iddition to this, it is so situated that many :hildrea are unable to attend, the distance being too great The Chops.— As an evidence of the favourable aess of the present season we ( Wallaroo limts) ire informed that a fanner in the Hundred of Clinton is already cutting down barley for green feed about four feet high. Of coarse this was sown early and got the early rains. The wheat crops in the same neighbourhood are also looking well, though not nearly so far advanced. The land in this hundred has nearly all been taken up, and a large area is thia year under crop, the greater portion of which will find its way to Port Wakefield, which is the nearest market. A number of those who took up farms on the credit system in the Northern Areas, having sold their holdings, have returned south and settled in the Hundred of Clinton, which has the [double advantage of possessing really good scil and being within an easy distance of a market. St. Pbtbs'8 ScHoot,GtKKBLa. — On Thursday, July 11, the children of JSt. Peter's Church Day School, 89 in number, passed their usual annual examination. Messrs. J. M. Mitchell, J. B. Crowe, Mesdames Mitchell, Souttar,Turton,and Miss Haddy kindly assisted at the examination in the various subjects, vii, history, geography, reading, writing, dictation, arithmetic, and plain and ornamental needlework. The ex aminers expressed themselves as being extremely gratified with the proficiency shown by the pupils in the different branches of school-work. After the examination the prizes, which were mainly due to the kind donations of Messrs. Crowe and J. Day, and Lady Morphett, Me» dames E. A, Wright, Sonttar, Turton, Porte*, and Miss Ward, were distributed by Mrs. Souttar. After a hearty tea the children an t their friends sp^nt a pleisant evening, duriu ? which a magic lantern waa exhibited for their amusement. Sale of Station. — Green Point Station, in the Hundred of Caroline, and on the Portland road, has changed hands (says the S.E. Star). Mr. Christopher Smith having sold out to Mr. C. A. Blume. The station comprised about 7.000 acres, part of which was freehold and held under lease from the Crown. The stock was also included in the sale. Thxpebanch EyrKRTAErsnarr.— A temperance entertainment; in connection with the Good Templar Lodge was held in the Primitive Methodist Schoolroom, Goodwood, on Fridty evening, July 13. Mr. Wiawood presided. Mr. Stephens spoke of the value of the Permissiv* Bill and the benefits of Sunday closing, and urged that Nock's Act should have a fair trial. Songs and recitations were given by ladies and gentlemen from Adelaide, and were much appreciated, and a dialogue by Messrs. Gray and Thomas caused much merriment. Thh Eiiarrinc Lkjht.— A proposal has been submitted to the Paris municipality fcr super seding gas by the electric light in all the prin cipal open spaces. The expense is estimated at If. 50c. per hour for each burner. Thb Copfeb Maeibt in Ehqiaitd. — The London Mining Journal of June 1 writes :— w A good stroke of business has just been effected by some of the importers by easing themselves of superincumbent stocks, and thereby considerably improving their position. The recent prevailing excitement among speculators to buy anything and everything, good or bad, was not an oppor tunity to be lost sight of, and importers wisely availed themselves of the chance to turn it to profitable account. The affair was cleverly managed, and will preve an undeniable advantage to them if they uae it properly. In the first place, they have greatly relieved themselves of accumu lating and burdensome responsibility ; secondly, they have realized an enhanced value for their copper ; thirdly, they have drawn in additional cumbers to take an interest in maintaining prices ; and fourthly, they have cleared the way for future supplies. But they should not stop short here and cormdnr they have done enough ; to perfect their work they must continue to feed all legitimate wants and not refuse to sell at current rates to smelters and manufacturers, for if they do they will surrender one of the points they have recently gained, and the courcs will be free to speculators, and they will manipulate the market to their 'own advantage while importers are quietly resting and holding aloof. Sales should now be made freely and holders should not be too exacting. It has been asked what are the probabilities ef the rise being maintained, and it is also asked how about Rogers's price of 60s. for Chili barb? Well, at the moment it looks as if the pricejwould be maintained and Rogers's price consequently unapproachable, bat for all that we shall not abandon Rogers, for their price may be coming sooner, perhaps, that many expect, neither shall we remain indifferent to the great service which they rendered to the trade by their famous circular. We have it from undoubted authority that had the spurt not occurred just at the identical momeut it happened to take place that not only would the price of Chili bars have receded to 60s., but per haps to 55s., certain financial arrangements involving additional margins being required speedily, which, if not forthcoming— and there were serious apprehensions that they could not be provided — would have necessited forced sales and driven the price down rapidly'; but specula tion coming to tbe rescue saved the market from a severe fall, and.'cons'.dering the price was quoted £60 10s., Rogers were more correct in their estimation of the market than many others, who now chuckle because the quotation stopped short at £60 103., or within an ace of £60. In regard to the maintenance of prices it is quite possible that those manufacturers who have allowed themselves to rnn very low of stock nsay have to replenish at full rates, but they will probably be rare instances, as bona fide trade keeps so extremely dull- and work is not particularly pressing. The Birmingham consumers are said to be fairly supplied, and no additional requirements will be needed. India is also supplied, and there will be little bought for these markets. The Continent is anything but in a flourishing state, nor in a mood to pay higher prices.' Thb Demon Bowlee. — The Rome Neves thus writes respecting the Australian bowler now in England : — ' The progress of the Australian Eleven is quite dramatic Their somewhat tame dtbut at Nottingham was in the nature of an unpretending overture, but the curtain fell to tbe first act at Lords to rounds of applause at their splendid performance. When Grace, the far-famed batter, went out for four and the wickets went flying right and left, ao that the last fell to a ridiculously small score, it was clear that our antipodean cousins could more than hold their own with the best cricketers in this country. Indeed, the Australians are so good ' all round' that they ?will be difficult to beat. Their fielding is the admiration of all who behold it ; they have among them many excellent bats, but their strength is in bowling. Tlieir bowlers have long enjoyed peculiar soubriquets indicative of their poweri . Left-handed Allan is known as the ' crouching panther,' or the ? bowler of a century ;' Boyle is described as the ' very devil' ; but Mr. Spofforth, as the 'demon bowler,' carries off the palm. His delivery _ is quite appalling; the balls thunder in like can uon shot; yet he has the guils when seemingly about to bowl his fastest to drop in a ' slow,' which is generally fatal to the bits man. Spofforth is a Yorkshireman by extrac tion. His father was well known as a sports man, and rode as straight as the best with the York and Ainsty and other hounds. But whether from Yorkshire originally or not, he and his colleagues are all of our own flesh and blood, acd we welcome their prowess cheerfully as a proof that the old stock is not degenerating in those far-off lands.' Sudden Death at Norwood. — A report was gent to the City Coroner from the Norwood Police Station on Friday morning of the sudden death of Lewis F. Ford, aged nine months, who had been unwell for a'few days from teething. The Coroner, on visiting the house at Ken sington, ascertained from the mother that her husband was in the Hospital nearly blind, and that her little boy, aged six years, was down with typhoid fever. Dr. Baily, who Wis attending tbe family, tvid not expect the death of the deceased so suddenly, and could nut -he a certificate as to the can°e of death. After due enquiry, however, an inquest was not con sidered necessary. Land in tbe City. — A piece of bind on the east side of Victoria- square, 85 feet in depth, was sold a few days since at £75 per foot, and the exsae price was refused by the owner of the adjoining allotment. This land changed hands about two or three years since at £13 per foot. Thb Dekdger Wallaroo. — According to the European Mail, a fine new twin screw- dredger of 1,000 tons B.M., built and engined by W. Siemens & Co., of Renfrew, has been launched. It was named Wallaroo, and is tbe property of the Government of South Australia, having been constructed to the order of the Agent-General Sir Arthur Blyth.CB. The Oldhah Cricxht Match. — The match between the Australian Eleven and Eighteen of Oldham, in Lancashire, resulted in a draw. The Eighteen made a total score of 253, and when the stumps were drawn )the Australians had scored 237, and had only lost seven wickets. Ikqtjbst at Albehton. — An inquest was held by the City Coroner at the Alberton Hotel on Sunday afternoon, July 14, on the infant child, aged four days, of Patrick O'Brien, who had died suddenly the previous Friday. Mr. J. Purchase was Foreman of the Jury. The evi dence showed that the mother had been attempting to make her baby suckle, and while doing so had dozed off to sleep. On awaking she noticed that the infant was blue about the mouth, and mentioned the fact to her mother, wLo took the child from her, and a few minutes afterwards it died in her arms. Dr. Toll said that he had made a post-mortem examination of the body of deceased, and found a slight con gestion of the vessels on the surface ef the brain. The lungs were also congested. The heart and other organs were healthy. There were no external marks cf violence. The cause of death was suffocation. From hearing the evidence should aay that death resulted from the mother pressing the baby too close to her bosom, the nipple being in its mouth. The Jury without retiring returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. Faejiino on Estates in the South-Eabt. — Farmiijg is now carried on on a large scale on the Mount Schanck Estate. We leirn (says the Border Watch) that about 1,500 acres will be sown with wheat this seasori, and about 5D0 acres will be under potatoes. The land is leased out to farmers, who pay a proportion of the crop as reut, aud Captain Gardiner is highly popular among thwn from the considerate way in which this u levitd. If they do well they pay in full ; if not, handsome reductioua are made. The potato crops on Mount Schanck last jesr proved very profitable, hence the increase from 200 acres to 5uO acres. We hope to see all our large lindowin.'rs following the example of Messrs. Gardiner ..t Browne, combining grazing with grain-growing. We understand the Messrs. Lindsay, of Gleneoe, will have 50J acres under ciop this jear. Yery extensive farming operations are uow being carried on at Moorak, under the superintendence of the manager, Mr. Williams. An area of over 2,000 acres is being ploughed and sown with grain, English grasses being laid down at the same time. A good deal of the land being broken up is virgin soil. A great many ploughs are at work, and tbe number of hinds employed in removing dead timber, running roots, »x, is con sideiable. There are a good many Isrge patches of ferny land on the estate which yield but little grass, and these are being brought under the influence of the plough. r FocXdDbad ix Bbbv— On Sunday morniuj, July 14, Patrick Brady, & labourer, residing ati Bowaen^nformed the police that his infant daughter, aged seven weeks, had been found dead iu bed that morning. An inquest will be held to-day. 'Thb Lath Bet. F. MAmmr*. — On Sunday morning, July 14, Professor Davidson preached a funeral sermon on the late Rev. P. Maclaren in the Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, of which it will be remembered Sir. Maclaren was pastor. The Rev. Professor based his discourse on the words, ' Mark the perfect map, and behold the upright, for the end of that man is peace' — words, he said, which occurred to him directly he heard of his friend's death, and which he thought fittingly described his character. In the course of his remarks Professor Davidson said — 'Mr. Maclarea's function was to expound] the Scriptures, and he did so carefully, being aided by a singular clearness of vision. In his public werks they saw how he carefully considered the thoughts which were required to be put before those whom he addressed. His volume entitled 'The Glory of ithe Holy Ghost' was full of suggestiveness. It was written before he left England, and it laid down the lines distinctly in which his mind continually ran. In that work, and later in the 'Seven Topics of Faith,' he exhibited a consideration of tone which was rarely found in the theologian. He looked upon him as a master theologian — one who was not only devout in his speculations, but thoroughly philosophical. One characteristic the speaker had constantly admired, namely, that he did not shrink from any result of honest thought. He drew a line beyond which it was sot desirable to push enquiry, and beyond which he believed tha mysteries of tne unknown must be. In that direction he was not content with a mere formula. Doubtless had he returned to carry out the work he had laid out for himself, he would have entered into those great questions which were beirjg discussed at home, and which must at no great distance of time occupy attention here, and his views would have been valuable to the coleny.' At the Port Adelaide Congregational Church and at the Alberton Baptise Church allusion wss also made to Mr. Maclaren's death by the Rev. M. M.Dick and the Kev. M. Lloyd, both of whom expressed the high personal esteem they had for the deceased. At the Presbyterian Church Flinders -street, the Rev. J. Lyall, at the close of his sermon in the morning, referred to the death of the Rev. P. Maclaren, and said — '.This is not the place to attempt any lengthened delineation of his character. No doubt that will be done satisfactorily elsewhere. Yet I cannot help saying that his loss is no common one. There are few men whose place itwill be more difficult to fill. He was a man of high intellectual power, of varied learning, and of profound spirituality of mind. With a keen piercing glanc« he had surveyed all the great questions of theology. He knew the difficulties which have been raised by the criticism and philosophy of the age, but he was perfectly satisfied with the grand old evangelical doc trines. In them his own spirit found refit, and he proclaimed them to others in no hesi tating tones. He was a man moreover with a singularly well-balanced mind, upon whose candour and impartiality you could always depend. I can bear testimony to the conscientiousness with which he attended to the business of Presbytery. Often he was in a state of much bodily weakness and suffer ing, yet he uniformly gave the closest attention to the matters which came before us for delibe ration, and his opinions always carried the greatest weight with his brethren. Ha was ever ready to render help to others, frequently with his exhausted frame doing the work of a strong man. There can be no doubt that the great principle which fired his soul was love to his gracious Master, aud that constrained him to labour with all his might, and made him regret that Be could not work more efficiently.' Attbhpthd 8uicide. — The inhabitants of Cover-street, North Adelaide, were startled on Wednesday evening, July 10, at about half- past S o'clock, by the report of a pistol, and a rumour soon spread that a man had shot himself. The constable on duty in O'Connell-street hearing thu went to a house in Gover-street, and found that Mr. Charles Edwin Lane, land agent, had shot himself iu the forehead with a revolver. Dr. Cave was called in, and found that the bullet from the revolver had struck the fore head. Mr. Lane, who ia a sou of Mr. George Lane, who left the colony in the Rodney a few months ago. has been iu ill-health for some time past, and this is supposed to have been the cause of his attempt upon his life. He lies, we believe, in a precarious condition. Etdcm)a FAssiEas' Association. — The first monthly meeting of the Eudunda Farmers' Association was held at the Endunda Hotel, EuduntJa, on Thursday, July 11. There was a good attendance of farmers, and Mr. C. F. W. Pfitzner was elected Chairman* The rules for working the Association were read and adopted, and eeveral new members were elected. Mr, D. Schulz said he was sorry to see the statements that were going the round of the papers, viz., that the rabbits iu the neighbourhood had become bo scarce that the Manager of the pre serving works had to go elsewhere to get a supply. He could testify that that was incor rect He had lived in the vicinity long before the rabbit works were ever thought of, and he never suffered more from these pests than he was suffering now. He was sorry to siy he spoke not for himself alone, but for many of his neighbours. He and his children had been engaged for a long time in destroying rabbits. They had destroyed from one up to 200 per day, but they had not pat & stop to them. His crop had been eaten off to a fearful extent, and he expected to see all that he had sown eaten off. If any one doubted his statements, he would ask himtopayhimandhisneighbours a visit, and sea whether such statements were true. Mr. Aug. Kluske quite sgreed with what Mr. Schulz had said. He was living in the immediate vicinity of the works, and was sorry to say he never suf fered more from the rabbit nuisance than he was sufferifig at the present time. His crops were being eaten off to an alarming extent, although he and his children were daily engaged in digging out and destroying tha peats. At night they came in snch numbers as one would scarcely credit it if he did not see for himself. The lands that were not used for agricultural purposes were swarming with rabbits. He was sorry to say they were very fond of your 3 wheat, which he knew well to bis sorrow. He hoped the compulsory clause would be carried into effect, or he must leave the neighbourhood. He had no doubt that the rabbits looked scarce in the paet month, but every one knew that was their breeding time. He would ask them to look at the millions of young ones that showed them selves on a fine day, and then say whether there was any abatement in the nuisance. Sxatiko Eras at Clare.— On Friday evening last a rink was opened at Clare. It is one of the best laid floors in the colony, though rather small, measuring only 62 feet by 23. It is made of 'pine, but unfortunately has been covered with a coating of boiled oil, which though it will tend to increase the durability of tha timber very much, affects tbe comfort of the skaters. The rink has been, laid down at the sole cost of Dr. Bain, who deserves many thanks from the inhabitants of Clare for his kindness. After the rink had been declared open three cheers were given for Dr. Bain. Mr. Bastard .??.nd four other gentlemen from Adelaide then gave the onlookers an idea of what could be done on skates ; but their efforts were not as successful as they might have been, for no amount of chalk could neutralize the slippery state of the floor. Afterwards about 20 of the spectators came on tne rink, and as nearly all were novices falls were frequent. CoUSTTTmONAL RbFOUM IS YlCTOHIA. — The Argru of July 11 states that when Sir Charles Sladen obtained leave to bring in his Bill for the alteration of the Constitution of the Council Mr. Cuthbert, the Postmaster-General, said that the Bill of the hoc. member was so unlike the one which would probably be approved by the Assembly that the best course would be to refer the two measures to a Conference. If the two Houses met one another in a fair spirit of con cession the best results might be looked for. He desired that there should be no farther discus sion of the Bill of Sir Charles Sladen until the Government measure had been brought in, and he intimated that the Government had not yet determined which House it should be initiated in. The suggestion of a Conference was well received by the House, and the Bill ws« then read a first time. The second reading was put off until Tuesday week. As Ekgdth off thb Track. — An accident happened a few days since at Rivoli Bay in the the transhipment of one of the railway engines from the vessel which had brought it to the colony. As it was being lowered over the ships side part of the apparatus gave way, and the huge machine crashed downward, carrying with it part of the side of the pontoon which was waiting to receive it, and sank to the bottom' of the Bay. A diver has been sent to the place to assist in raising the locomotive from its muddy bed — an operation which it is thought will not be very difficult. StTPBESIB COCKT GtVIL SlTMHGS. — It Was inadvertently stated in Saturday's Register that the above sittings would be resumed to-morrow; it should have been Wednesday. 