Ste PUBLISHED EVERT WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. SATURDAY, APEIL 13, 1878. THE EASTERN QUESTION. RUSSIA, is evidently getting driven into a corner, and late telegrams indicate that she is not likely to rush headlong into war with England. From Berlin it is reported that she will give in rather than fight if Austria remains firm. So far Austria has shown no sighs of wavering ;,andit is hard to see what possible inducement could make her to go over to .Russia. Italy is said to be anti-Russian, while the attitude ofEngland meets with general approval throughout Europe. Disraeli is reported to have made a grand speech in the House of Lords in defence of the Government's action in calling out the Reserves. He strongly condemned the Ruaso-Turkiah treaty, and said that it imperilled the liberties of Europe. Every article of the treaty was a departure from exist ing treaties, and its sanction would be a menace to the prestige of Great Britain. He passed a glowipg eulogium on the greatness of England, and'as trustees of that greatness, his Ministry would be no parties to any course that would diminish it. It is well known that Mr. Disraeli has all along been strongly anti-Russian ; and but that he was held back by the peace party he would have interfered much earlier in I the struggle, and probably with more effect. But the delay is not likely now to result in very serious conse quences. Had he interfered at an earlier stage he would have had a divided country behind him; now the English nation is at his back, and he will command the active help of Aus tria and the moral help of the re mainder of Europe. N The Government resolutions in the Lords were carried without a division, and it is probable they will be similarly dealt with in the House of Commons. Mr. Q-ladstone and his party are strongly anti-Turk, but Mr. GHadstone has disclaimed all "Sympathy with Russian aggrandise ment. W hen it becomes a question of English versus Russian interests Mr. Q-ladstone will no doubt take his place beside the Government in devising measures to curb the overgrown and overbearing Muscovite. The present outcome of the quarrel is an amusing commentary on the writings of those people who pictured England as outmanoeuvred and piti fully helpless. Russia's position now is more pitiful, and certainly " more deservedly contemptible than ever England's was during the negotiations. Fraud and deceit will occasionally triumph, but in the long run honesty is the best policy. Russia stands a cringing hypocrite, unmasked and alone; England, it may be fairly as sumed, will become mistress of the situation. THE GAS COMPANY.-The Committee of tlie Gas Company report that'they have met with very satisfactory success so far in their canvass of the town for the sale of shares. They are now sanguine that the number of shares to float the Company will be taken up. MB. MILLOWICK has sent us a sample of the hops grown by him this season. He had about an acre in full bearing, and. has two more of young plants. The yield was not heavy, but the quality was excellent. The hops were cured by. Mr. Kilsby, and the sample sent us indicates that they have been got up in superior style. HOP GROWING AT MOUNT GAMBIER.-Hop growing is steadily progressing in this district. Last season 59 acres were under crop, the yield from which is estimated at 44,890 lbs. or 7 cwt. per acre. This is a low average, but is accounted for by the want of rain about Christ mas. The quality is above the average, and great care lias been taken at the various kilns to get them up in a superior manner. We are as sured that the quality of the Mount Gambier hops will cause them to take a capital position in the market this season. It is estimated that the crop is worth about £2,500, and the import ance of the industry to the district may be estimated by the fact that about half this sum has to be paid away iu wages among a section of the community to whom such earnings are of great value. CATTLE FROM VICTOKIA.-Some uneasiness is felt here regarding cattle being brought from Victoria. Very little respect seems to be paid to the regulations under which they should be introduced; and when these are duly enforced the examination to which the cattle are subjected is a mere farce. The other day a mob found its way into the middle of Gambier East without smelling the Inspector; and the drover having fallen asleep they wandered away and got into the hands of the Ranger, .who forthwith took them to pound. Of what use are regulations and inspection under such circumstances ? Inspection before crossing the Border is a very trifling safeguard ; but inspection in the pound, 10 miles inland from the Border, is very much less. The regulations should be made to serve the purpose for which they were framed, viz., the protection of the cattle of this colony from the risk of disease being introduced from the neighbouring colony. It is generally believed here that a good deal of pleuro-pneumonia exists in "Western Victoria; we are. sure to have it brought here if the cattle trade is not carefully regulated. .COUNCIL OF EDUCATION.-Mr. Walter Tribe has been appointed second assistant in the boys' department of the Mount Gambier Model School, from March 1; and Augusta Galle, sewing mis tress at Square Mile School, from January 1, The Inspector's report on the Sutton Town School was referred to the Council in Committee. Mr. T. H. Artaud, Fenola, asked the Council to sell or lease a Email portion of the Education Reserve.-The Council agreed to entertain a reasonable oifer of purchase. PUBLIC WOHKS.-A number of tenders for various works in connection with the railways in the South-East, were opened at the office of the Engineer-iu- Cliief on April 8. The following is a list of the lowest tenders, but it is to be understood that those mentioned, although the lowest, are not yet accepted, nor will they necessarily be so :-For lightering about 1,900 tons railway material, from vessels to arrive at Rivoli Bay South, French & Co.; residence for Traffic Superintendent, Kingston, J. Lobban ; goods-shed at Baker's Range, Robin & Hack; carriage-shed at Narracoorte, J. Lobban ; work men's houses, Kiugston and Narracoorte Kail way, J. Lobban; fencing about 40 miles King ston and Narracoorte Railway, C. & E. Miller. ENGLISH MAIL.-The mail for England closes at the Mount Gambier Post-Office at 8.30 o'clock on Monday evening, 15th inst. STEALING NEWSPAPERS.-For some time past the Librarian of the Mount Gambier Insti tute has had reason to complain of the syste matic pilfering of newspapers from the tables of the reading room, aud his efforts to discover the thief or thieves have so far been unavailing. This offence is one of the most contemptible that can well be conceived, and it has been remarked that the papers are taken usually when anything of special importance transpires. One of the most recent achievements of the thief was the abstraction of a portion of a Government Gazelle I Should the thing occur again the Trustees have resolved to fasten the papers to the tables; THE STEAMERS.-The steamer Coorong was to have been in MacDonnell Bay to-day, but in consequence of the extraordinary action of the Victorian Government in proclaiming a holiday in West Melbourne on Thursday for the election, the vessel could not be got away from there till to-day. She will be in MacDonnell Bay to morrow, and will probably sail for Adelaide on Monday. The Penola will also probably sail for Melbourne on Monday. BURNING OF THREE HAYSTACKS.-Shortly after'six o'clock on Wednesday evening one of Mr.Schleter's haystacks, standing on a section be longing to Mr. G. G. Collins, about three miles from Mount Gambier, was seen to be on fire. There was soon a considerable crowd at the scene of the fire, and active efforts were made to save one of the adjoining stacks. There were three standing together; the centre one was first on fire, aud the wind was carrying the flames to an adjoining one. It too was soon in a blaze, but for a time the efforts to save the third were successful. At last, however, it caught and was totally consumed. The burning stacks formed a grand sight. The loss is set down at £600, half of which is covered by insurance in the South Australian Insurance Office. It is gener ally believed the fire was the work of an incea. 4iaxy.. There were no-dwellings near the stacks. t i_?«N'D'A'Y SCHOOL.-The anniversary ot tne Yahl Sunday school commences to-morrow with two services in the chapel. On Good imday afternoon the tea meeting will be held, and a public meeting in the evening. MAP OF TURKEY.-A fine large map of Turkey and Greece, the gift of the South Aus trahan Institute to the Mount Gambier Institute, may now be seen in the public reading room of the Institute. The character of the map and how it came to be given to the Institute will be seen by the following note:-"Dear Sir-His Excellency the Governor recently presented to the Board of Governors of the South Australian Institute a large topographical map of ' Greece, Turkey in Europe^ the Archipelago, and part of Asia Minor.' It is a valuable map, about 10ft. high by 7ft. wide, but as it happened the Board have a copy which was sent out by the A°ent General some years ago. Under these cireum-* stances the Board obtained His Excellency's permission to present the map to a country Institute, and I am directed to ask if you will kindly ascertain if the Committee of the Mount Gambier Institute will accept it. The map is on 21 sheets, but unfortunately the title sheet is wanting; this, however, could be copied by a draughtsman from the map in the South Aus tralian Institute. I should think that the cost of copying the title, mounting the map with rollers,. and varnishing, would be somewhere about £4 or £5. Believe me, dear Sir, yours very truly, R. KAY, Sec. P.S.- On looking at the map again I see that there is a printed title which could probably be used instead of the missing sheet, and save the expense of having it copied j but if the Mount Gambier Institute accept the map they will have to incur the ex pense of mounting it.-R. K." The offer of the map to the Mount Gambier Institute was made at the suggestion of the Hon. L. Glyde, M.P. It has been neatly mounted and varnished, and at the present time cannot fail to have general interest. The only drawback to its value is that the names are given in German. SINCE our last Mr. John Macinnes, of Sunny side, has given us £5 for the fund in aid of Mrs. Wright. THE POST-OFFICE PILLAKS.-The other day Mr. Marne drew our attention to the way in which the direction plates on the letter pillars, lately erected here, have been damaged. These plates had painted on them the hours for clear ing, etc., but some evil disposed person or per sons had devoted a considerable amount of in dustry in disfiguring the plates as a whole, and especially in scraping out the figures. The plates have been removed for repainting ; when replaced we hope the public will do what is possible to prevent their again being wantonly wasted. JUDGE FELLOWS, who has occupied a promi nent position in Melbourne for the last 26 years, died there on Monday last, aged 55. His illness originated in inflammation of the bowels and diarrhoea. Judge Fellows took a leading part in politics between 1855 and 1872, and was in several Ministries. He was much respected for his honesty, his breadth of view, his large knowledge, and his excellent temper. He was appointed a Judge in 1872, a position which he has worthily filled since. , LOOAL COURT.-The following is the cause list for the Mount Gambier Local Court of limited jurisdiction on Monday :-Unsatisfied judgments-W. Robbie v. Bavin and Brown, £10 Is 9d; A. South r. J. Douglas, £5 10s 6d ; E. Butler v. A. Johnston, £7 Os lOd ; and Crompton & Another v. A. Lutz, £10 3s. New Case-C. Keon v. M. McGinty, £5 6s 4d. INCENDIARISM.-On Tuesday afternoon last a stack of hay belonging to Mrs. Neil McArthur, that stood near the main road to Port Mac Donnell, a few miles from Mount Schanck, was totally destroyed by fire. It contained about 20 tons of- good wheaten hay. Some temporary, wooden sheds and large wooden stables, with thatch roof, capable of containing 20 horses, belonging to Mr. George Hopwood, that stood alongside, were.also destroyed. It is believed tne fire was the" work of an incendiary. . BURGLARY.-Early on Thursday mornin® some thief broke a pane of glass in the show window at Mr. Thos. Barratt's boarding house, Commercial-street, and abstracted a quantity of lollies and fruit. Between 12 and one o'clock a.m. all was right, so that the" thief must have paid his visit afterwards. About one o clock on Friday morning Mrs. C. Komoll, who k«ipsi a fancy goods shop, .next door tor. Mr. Wendt s jewellery establishment, Commercial street, heard a noise as of glass breaking, but thinking it was the cat doing some slight mis chief took little notice of it. In tbe morning however, she found that a large pane of glass in her-,show window had been smashed in and a number of the articles in the window taken away. The stolen articles consisted chiefly of parasols (four of which she missed), children's apparel, and ladies' odds and ends, such as collars and cuffs. It was clear, also, that the thief must have*eut;his hands, as there was blood on the glass and woodwork. The police, as soon as the theft was discovered, were in formed of the offence, and Corporal Dunne and P. T. MacPharlin were instructed to search for the burglar. They discovered the trail of the stolen lollies down Commer cial-street to Claraville, and it - occurred to gem-to visit the residence of Samuel Hemy Hill, carpenter, who has been drinking ex cessively of late. As soon as Hill saw them approaching he made off, and after a good chase MacPharlin ^caught liim at Priori Hotel, Rosaville, just as the inquest on the late fire was proceeding, and arrested him. The pri soner had a large cut on the right hand, and was under the influence of drink. In his house and garden, hid in all sorts of places, up the chimney and elsewhere, the police found all Mrs. Komoll's goods, and most of the stolen lollies and fruit. Altogether quite £10 worth of goods had been stolen. Hill will be brought before the Police Court to-day. TENDERS.-Two tenders were received for making three culverts in Commercial- street. That of W. Webber was accepted at £i each Owen Jones tendered at £5 6s. 8d. each. MR. HANDYsrDEhas, we understand, resigned his position as a member of the Victorian Road Board, in consequence of being about to remove to his station in the Tatiara. A SEASIDE INCIDENT.-A thrilling paragraph has been published of the narrow escape of Mr. French, of Port MacDonnell, from drowning and of the bravery of Mr. H. Barrett in rescuing him. The simple facts are that Mr. French" through the slipping of a lope while engaged in lowering a boat into the water, got soused into about four feet of water from the jetty, and that Mr. H. Barrett, instead of romantically throwing himself in after, passively waited till he got on his legs and gave him a pull into the boat. THE POTATO CROP.-Reports reach us from the potato fields that the late crops, on the heavy land, are turning out splendidly. Ten and twelve ton per acre wops will not be infrequent and the average will be considerably above"what was estimated when the statistics were collected. The total yield was then set down at between 6000 and 7000 tons ; it is now supposed it will run up to from 10,000 Jo 12,000 tons. Sales of crops in the ground are reported at from £10 to £12 per acre.. MR. DAVISON, who has been acting for the creditors in the matter of the assignment of Lawrence Egan, of Tarpeena, informs us that the deed of assignment has been set aside, and Egan has been adjudged insolvent. - YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION The second anniversary of the Mount Gambier Young Mens Christian Association was cele brated on Wednesday last with a social tea and entertainment, in the Institute Hall. The tea. which was held at half-past six o'clock, was more especially intended for members of the Association and such friends as they chose to bring, and about 40 sat down. It was catered for by a member of the Association, who, as all who were present can testify, carried out his engagement in a most satisfactory manner. The entertainment commenced at half-past'seven i Ihe admission was free, and there was a good' attendance. The Rev, A. Stubbs presided, and those members of the Association who had to take part in the proceedings also occupied scats on the platform. The entertainment opened [ with a pianoforte duet by Misses Crouch and Fidler, which was correctly and pleasingly ren dered. Miss Bodilinnar followed with '' The dream," which she sang very intelligent!v. The rev. Chairman followpd with a short address, which he prefaced by expressing his sorrow that Miss Boddmnar, who had so long rendered such valuable services as a singer at Mount Gambier should now be leaving. But he believed it would be for the best, as an excellent young awn, who had recently visited this place, wa? taking her away a3 his wife. The rev. gentle man then pointed out a few of the advantages afforded to young men by an association of this kind, and said he should be very pleased to see many young men of Mount Gambier joining them. Since its commencement about 40 had been connected with the Association, and although many of them had removed from the district, yet the advantages they had derived during their membership, lie felt sure, would be useful to them through life. If all the young men who were present that j evening merely would join and take an in- ] terest in the association it would become one of the best and roost useful societies in the colony. Miss Jacob-then sang " When the thorn is white with blossoms after which Mr. Bakewell re cited in a creditable manner "The dying sol dier." Miss Bassford sang "Silver tiireads among the gold." Mr, P. Beaton followed with a condensation of an essay he had delivered he fore the members of the Association during the year on the "Declineof the Ottoman Empire." Mr. Dunning's song "Excelsior," was a capital effort, and a repetition was asked for, but the Chairman strictly disallowed all encores. Mr. T. Draffen, the secretary, read a list of the subjects which had been discussed by the Association during the year, and concluded with a short ad dress on the advantages of societies for the mu tual improvement of their members. Miss Crouch then contributed a nice piano solo ; and Miss Jacob the song "Follow me," effectively. Mr. "W. Wedd read an abridgement of an interesting essay he had delivered on "ghosts and appari tions." Miss Bassford succeeded with the song "Belle Mahoneand then the Chairman read a short essay (which also had been delivered during the year) on "Thomas Cooper, the Chartist." Miss Boddinnar followed with her last song at Mount Gambier, "Native valley, farewell." The song was rendered with much -sweetness and pathos. At its close, Miss Boddinnar said-"Now, good friends. I wish you all good-bye. For myself, I have only this to say-I hope you will miss me when I go away." She retired amidst applause. Mr. Bakewell read very well "The Ruined Cottage." A col lection in aid of the funds of the Association was then made, and realised £312s 6d. A song by Mr. Greenlees, "Rocked in the cradle of the deep," concluded the proceedings. BORDER TOWN INSTITUTE. - Mr. Arthur Hardy, the late member for the District of Albert, in response to the invitation of the Committee, laid the foundation stone of the Border Town Institute on Monday, April 8. There was a large gathering to witness the in teresting ceremony. At the conclusion of the ceremony subscriptions to the amount of £15 were placed upou the stone. Mr. Hardy after wards addressed the spectators at length, ex patiating upon the advantages of Institutes, particularly in country towns. He incidentally remarked that the stone he had just laid was the third he had the honor of laying in his life time. PRESENTATION TO .MB. J. H. BOOTHBY. Mr. J. H. Boothby, J.P., of Nalang, was pre sented with a handsome gold lever watch on Monday, April 8, as a token of respect from the inhabitants of the Tatiara on the occasion of his leaving the district. 