NEWS OF THE DAT. A Cabinet Council woa held at the Trea sury yesterday, all the Ministers being pre sent, when the final arrangements were made for the transference of offices necessitated by the departure of the Chief Secretary for Enulsnd. Tho Drooeedinos were of nu entirely formal charaoter. Subsequently an Executive Council waa held, when the arrangements otleoted were drily ratified ; Mr. V\T. Collard Smith being sworn in as Treasurer. As already intimated, Sir B. O'Logbien will administer the Chief Secre tary's department until Mr. Berry's return. Whatever formalities were requisite to give due authority to the commissioners were complied with yeBterday, bo that there can not be any doubt as to the inclination of His Excellency to do everything in his power to confer upon tho embassy its proper status, ss representing the popular branch of the Victorian Legislature. Tho day has at length arrived for tho de. parture for England of the Commissioners deputed by Parliament to Represent the views of the great nines of the people of this colony upon the question of reform of the constitution to the Secretary of State for the Coiouies. Mr. Berry and Professor Pearson will leave the Sponccr-atreet station for "VYilliamstown at half-past twelve, in order to join the mail steamer, which Btarts at two o'clock in the afternoon. A number of members of Parliament and others arc expected to be present, and the steamer Victoria or the Ntieon will take the party a short distance down the Bay in company with the mail steamer when she starts on her voyage. The following telegram from Mr, G. C. Levey, C-M.G., dated 24th inet., has been received by thu-Victorian International Ex hibition Commissioners : — " The Colonial Office await official programme. Exhibits -have been promised by England, America, Canada, France, Belgium, Holland, Ger many and Italy. Lords Carnarvon and Kim- berley, Sirs Henry Barkly, Cunliffe Owen, and John Coode, Colonel Pasley and .Mr. C. E. Childers, M P., have consented to not on the London committee if appointed. Sue. cess is now certain." In conneotion with recent changes in the Legislative Assembly, the position of Clerk of Committees, Clerk of Private Bills and Acoonutaut bos been conferred upon Mr. W. J. Wall, B.A., LL.B. The appointment waa made at tho meeting of the Executive Conooil held on Monday last. The members of the Conservative party who have made Daniel Henderson their champion seem to have grown qnite tired of the man of their choice. Last night a meeting of Mr. Henderson's supporters was held at Hookin's Hotel for tke purpose of condemning the policy of the Government in reference to things in genera). iMr. B. Soot presided ; and there was a small attendance, confined exclusively to gentlemen connected with the offices and warehouses in Flinders-lane. Mr. Strachnn opened the proceedings with speech intended to be humorous, and ' in which denunciations of the Government were mingled with facetious 'comments upon the oharacter and ability . of the sable representative whom the handful of people present had chosen for themselves. After this ridiculous ebullition a gentleman -rushed forward in a state of exoitement to move a resolution. Somebody asked him b a name, when the gentleman exalaiined in angry tones that be bore a nobler name than any other man in Victoria. He bore in fact the celebrated and historical name of De Corircy, and his ancestors were men of dis tinction. Ho proposed a resolution, the \- purport of which was that the liberal elec tors of West Melbourne had chosen Mr. Henderson to be third ambassador to Eng land, and that they had the approval of that meeting, composed of supporters of the Legislative Council and the Opposition . >n , to doing. This resolution wa not , seconded, and Mr. \ Bees, private aeo. rotary to - Henderson,- proposed another to the effect -that', the -meeting -viewed with alarm and indignation the fact that "pres. anre had been brought , to bear" by. the Go vernment to prevent Henderson from going . to ' England by the P. and O. Company's mail steamer. The private' secretary de clared that he had visited the P. and . 0. - Company's office with sixty golden sove reigns in hispooket, for the purpose of taking his masters p&asigu;, and that he had been refused ou making his application. The idee that the gentleman before them could really have had so mnch money in. hie possession tickled the fancy of the andienoe, who laughed immoderately. Mr. Kees concluded with the emphatic declaration that " Freedom, liberty is dead, and naked bribery stalks in oar streets.'' A Mr. Treason spoke in condemnation of tho Governor, the embassy, and the Government, and asserted ! " authoritatively, as a manufacturer at Carl- 'ton," that protection bod been the curse of the country, and that what the country wanted was onrestrioced commerce and free immigration. These sentiments were warmly applauded by the meeting, thus clearly indi cating of what elements it was comuosed. Mr. Henderson- snbseqnently treated the assem blage to a bombastio and rhapsodical speech whiob caused much merriment. Once, or twice Mr. Henderson forgot himself, and began to declaim against the men who had robbed the country of 2,000,000 acres of its best land, and to enlarge upon other infqnit. ont deeds. - That, however, did not suit, and he was at once politely bnt firmly re quested to keep to the proper subject, which meant that he was simply to . gratify his hearers : by denouncing the embassy. The .proceedings ultimately terminated with votes of tbftilkg to the chairman and others concerned in encouraging Mr. Hender son in his ourious proceedings. The foreman in charge of the party cat ting the snrvey traok of the line of railway from Donald to Wentworth has reported to the Minister of Railways ' that up to the commencement of December the trsok had been cut for a distance of ninety. seven miles from Watcham.. He states that the country ' passed through is covered with dense scrub, that there is a great scarcity of water, and that the beat is intense. The completion of the track is therefore being hurried forward as rapidly as possible. The following tenders were accepted by the Railway department yesterday, viz.:— Steam boiler, Atlas Foundry Company, £301 Ss.; fish bolts and dog spikes, Wright and Edwards, £3121 lis. 7d.; six 15-ton weigh bridges, A. Hope, £1110 198.; furniture for railway stations, James M'Ewan, £251 16s. Gd.; points and crossings, Langlanda Foundry Company, 3729 15s. At the Lands office tenders for tho grazing rights in respect of the Stndley and Albert ParkB were opened yesterday. The highest were that of Mr. R. S. Gillespie, £G1 5s. 2d. for Albert Park, and that of Mr. H. Ennett for Stndley Park, £25. At a preliminary meeting of Melbourne millers, held in the beginning of December, it was decided to issue circulars, to all Victo rian millowners, inviting tbom to attend a general meeting "to consider the present difficulties under which tho trade labors, and to devise some means for their removal, and thus place this most important maau faeture on a sounder and more profitable basis." In conformity with this Invitation a meeting waa held yesterday afternoon at the Dnke of Rotbsay Hotol, Elizabeth, street. There we're present members and representatives of the trade from all parts of the colony, altogether there being sixty gentlemen in attendance, and tbe utmost interest was taken in the proceed ings. Mri James Fry occupied the chair. A resolution was proposed and carried affirm ing the desirability of the establishment of an association, to be called " The Victorian Millers' Association," having for its object the disobargo of the duties and functions pointed ont in the prospectus. A committee was appointed to give effect to tho resolu tion, consisting of Messrs. Fry, Gibson, Brunton, Aitken, Labey, Boucraft and Hayes. It was resolved that tbe com. miftee should generally represent and watch the interests of tho millers, and arrange for the establishment of corn exohanges in Melbourne and the principal centres of population throughout the country. Tbe following districts were mentioned as suitable for the inauguration of . such corn exohanges : — Ballarat, Sandhurst, Echnca, St. Arnaud, Bennlla and StawelJ. No definite code of rules was adopted, that question being left to tbe oommittee. It was suggested that the subscription to the association should be £3 3s. per year. After the formal business was disposed of, the millers present exchanged notes with regard to expected harvest yields and prospeots, which substantially confirmed the reports that have already appeared in The Age. , A committee meeting of tbe Anti-Chincso League was held lost evening in tho Trades' Hall ; .Mr. W. Ryan in the chair. Tbe meet ing was purely of a business character. Several new names were added to the com mittee, and it was decided that a monster meeting and toroblight procession should be held in .Melbourne at an early date. A strong opinion was expressed that, the Sydney men having solicited assistance from other oolooies before submitting aey terms ot arbitration, they should consult such other societies in the matter. Several delegates from the country districts, and one from Sydney, Were present, and afforded a good deal of information on the question. It was decided to canvass the country with the viow of obtaining some legislation that would effectively settle the question as to the do. suability, of the inffnx of Chinese in this colony being permitted. The proceedings of the weekly meeting of the committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society were agreeably diversified yesterday. After the formal business the committee ad journed to the women's diningroom in the old buildings, where the presents sent from England for the scbool children in tbe home by Mr. VVm, Peterson, of Melbourne, who is at present in England, were set out on a handsome Christmas Tree placed in the oentre. of the room, and decorated with colored lanterns. The children numbered .about 100, and there were also present a number of ladies and geutleinen who take an interest in tbe school. The little ones presented a remarkably clean and healthy appearance, and were evideutly highly pleased with the unusual treat afforded them. Abymn having been anng, Mr. Alfred Woolley die tributed the prizes, commencing with the more valuable oneB,. consisting of hand somely-bound volumes, workboxes,. desks, sets of chessmen, &o.;, which were awarded as special prizes to those children who had distinguished themselves in a more than ordinary manner. The toys with which tbe Christmas Tree was loaded were then givcu away, each child receiving one. Tho chil dren were greatly excited and highly de lighted with their gifts, and a very pleasant evening was spent by all who participated in the distribution. The following cases of accidental injury were yesterday admitted to the Alfred Hos pital, and attended to : — A child named Isa bella Callow, with a severe lacerated wound of the body, caused by a foil on broken glass; and a boy named O'Neil, residing at Prah- ran, who fell while trying to walk on tho top rail of a fence, and sustained internal injuries. During the last week nearly seventy pri soners have been forwarded from tbe Mel- bonrne Uaol to Pentridge -Stockade, bo that the latter establishment is now well filled. It is stated that there are oertain alterations likely to be made which will increase the ac commodation. The strength of the force of warders . ought to be increased also. . A oouple of small wooden tenements in Pakington- street, Geelong, belonging to John Grant, were destroyed by fireon Friday morn ing. Onr Geelong correspondent states that the flames were obsorved about four o'clock, and as the buildings were unoccupied it is believed that some vagrants who songht shelter there for tbe night set the places on fire. The owner is at present in gaol under going a sentence for vagranoy.' The hovels were uninsured. The nsnal weekly meeting of the com mittee of management of the Immigrants' Aid i Society was held yesterday, at the Military Barraoks, fit. Kiida-road ; Mr. Goo. Baker presiding. After the state of tho house had buen reported, it was stated that a letter bad been written to a olergyman with whom a former pupil in the home school' was living at service, asking that she might be allowed to attend the annual prize- giving and remain at the home with her mother for a couple of days. A reply had been received in tbe affirmative, bat was ac companied by a suggestion that, a girl living in a respeotable family would not be likely to be improved in her position and prospects by mingling any more with the inmates of such an in stitution as the Immigrants' Home. A general wish was expressed by the com- mittee that it might he understood that there was no fetir of children being contaminated by visiting the home, and tbey were de sirous that the pnblic should judge for them selves by visiting the institution. Contrijin- -tions in kind from gentlemen' residing is .Melbourne were acknowledged with thanks as follows .— Messrs. M'Guigan and Co,, Messrs. Bell, Brace and Co., Messrs. Brnnton and Gillespie, Messrs.- W. H. Smith and Co., Messrs. Hogan, Mooney and Co., Messrs. K. Dixon and Sons, Messrs. Watson and Patter- ion, Messrs. Bligh and' Harbottle, Messrs. D. Guthrie and Co., Messrs. R. Jones and Co., Messrs. James Henty and Co.; Messrs. M'Clure, Valentine and Co., Messrs. Gilles pie Bros., Messrs. James Service and Co., Messrs. Lorimer, Rome and Co., Messrs. Elliott and Co., Messrs. Toohey and Co., Messrs. Fanning, Nankivell and Co., Messrs. MartinandCo., the Victoria Sugar Company, Mr. George Bencraft, Mr. D. Gibson and Mr. A. Withers. Mstters ecclesiastical ore becoming rather lively in Toowong. There is a novelty, says tho Brisbane Courier, about the fact of a number of grave churchwardens meeting .in solemn oonoiave and having their delibe rations stimulated by a hostile message from their rector and a threat of summary chas tisement with a horsewhip that leads lis to apprehend the danger of Christianity be coming too obtrusively mntoalar. Musoular Christianity, as preached by its great apostle (Charles Kingsley), was hardly ex pected to embrace the prize ring. For the credit of old traditions wo trust wo may not live to see clergymen adding to their other degrees the honorary distinction P.R. Edward P. Weston, the pedeBtrian, has declared himself bankrupt, according to the English ' papers. His schedule, filed _ in London, estimates his debts t £1700, which shows he has been living rather extrava gantly, considering the large anma he re ceived from Sir' John Astley and other sources in connection with his feats. The Magdalen Asylum Bazaar, at the Town Hall, was bnt poorly patronised lost evening. At the concert HerrGerlach played an organ crerturc, which waa well received. Mrs. M 'Nanghtou'ssong, I SeekTheein Every Flower, was well received, as was also Mr. M'NaUy's Harmonious Blacksmith. The bazaar opens at twelve to-day, and at three o'clock there will be an organ recital. At eight o'clock a conoert will be given, at which Herr Gerlacb, Miss Griffiths, Miss O'Brien, Mrs. M'Nanghton, Mr. Wntmuff, Mr. M'Nally and Mr. Glenmore will tako part. As the bazaar oloses to- night, the art unions and raffles will be drawn for this afternoon. D'Aroy Read's ghost pantomime of Beauty and the Beast draws crowded houses at the Athomeum. It is one of the best speotral exhibitions he has produced. The pantomime abounds in local allusions, and introduces some excellent scenio effects. The old nnr- sery story of Beauty falling in love with the Boast, who ultimately turns ont to be a prince, is well bronght ont. Miss Bassett M 'Donald undertook tbe part of Beauty, and Mr. Emmett that of the Beast, whilst Mrs. D'Arcy Read was one of the jealous sisters. The other characters were impersonated by Messrs. Holland and Sidney Young, and Mdlles. Gracie, Smith, and Fanny Nesbitt respectively. The pantomime is to be con- tinned every evening in oonjanction with the Haanted Hoase as an afterpiece. This alter- noon there will be a special performance of the pantomime and Haunted House at matinee prices. The Christmas pantomime at tho Theatre Royal last evening was witnessed by an audience that crowded the housa in all parts, and judging by the applause, the piece went splendidly. Hitches that oc curred on the first evening of the piece were rectified, and it was evident that no pains bad been spared to make the performance as complete as possible. There was an excellent attendance at the Academy of Musia last evening, when the Christmas pieco, Alfred the Great, was again produced. Mdllo. Annotta Scasi was in excellent voice, and rendered tbe musical parts allotted to her with an amount of ability that augnrs wall for her fature popu larity in Melbourne, The piece will be played until further notice. The Blondenette Minstrels, who have been performing at St. George's Hall throughout the present week to numerous and appre ciative audiences, will appear this evening in a new programme, a principal feature of whiah will be an amusing poetical bur lesque. An excellent programme is provided for the popular concert, wbioh is to take place on Monday night at the Town Hall. Mrs. Tasca, the accomplished pianiste, will again appear in conjunction with Miss R. Merz and a number of other vocalists. The Blondenettes attracted a numerous audience to St. George's Hall last night, and the programme prcseuted by the fair troupe tnet with great applause. They will appear ngairi this eitoiing. Tho pantomimo of Pluto was repeated last night at the Prince of Wales Opera House in the presence of -a large audience. The fairy fountain was a great suoeesa, and the -juvenile harlequinade was greatly applauded. Uncle Tom's Cabin was repeated last nigbt at the Princess's Theatre, and will be again produced this evening. .Under the Gas Light is announced for Monday. Tho steamer Williams will mnko ber usual trip up Irom Queeuscllff and Forties; ou Moauay moruiuz next. \- Tho bcdii-1 German picnic by the members of the Melbourutr Deutccher Turn Verein and their "friends will Uko place in Kirk's paddock, Norlhcote, ouNew Year's day. An alteration has been mado In tbe dav of sailing ot tho a. Lyeomoon for Sydney. She will sail on Tues day next, at two p.m., instead ot Muuday, as pre viously advertised. ' Tho Melbourne City Band will not porform, as usual, limine mzroy uaruaus, iu cousequoiice oi being en gaged at the temperance gala, but will play on New Year s evo in hast and West Melbourne. \- Mr. It. Donovan state- that he did not play cornet oblteuto at tho sacred coucert at the Academy of Music on Christmas night, and thst it was a mistake on the part of tho uiauuucineut that he was snuouncod to appear. A special service is to be held to-morrow at the East Melbourne Synugogue, Albert-street, at -even o'clock o.m. The duy line bueu selected by JowL-h residents as a day of mourning for tbe decease of tbe late Prin cess slice. An attractive programme will he given at the People's Convert ni-nlght at the Temperance Hall, Ku, sell-street. Bechford's origins! Theatre Comtquc will appear lor the Brat time, introducing Punch's Pautotuime. Tho Coffee Taverns Company call for the tender of premises In the city suitable lor their operations, and Invito further applications for aliaros. The directors propose upenlng their first euffce tavern iu the neigh borhood of the wharves. The annual picric of tho South Preston Wesleyan Sabbath school was held on Box.pg day, in Mr. llar- mers paddock. Tnere were over 80u scholar, and friends present. J he day was passed in u pleasant and agreeable manner, all present Indulging In the cu- tomary spurts. T.-roughout the day the cbildreu Wero plentifully regaled with tea, cako, sandwiches Ac. The Colllngwood Total Ahstinenco Society held a public meeting on Monday last in the Qu9pel Hal), Wellington-street. Several addresses bearing on the questiun were delivered. At the clo-e the committee met for the election of officers fur the ensuing quarter, which resulted a- fcilu'-v, : — Dr. John Singleton, p.esi- clcnt; Mr. Jahes Cunnur, vice- president; Mrs. Bull, treasurer; Mr.' D. Edwards, librarian; Mr. John Tri-ig, secretary. The annual dt.tributlon of prizes to the boys attend ing tho Carltun Grammar school, Quee>.ebcrry-strtet, touk place on the evening ut the 23rd lust. Hie fol lowing Is the pri2e-ilet Dux oi scho.ri : Jubn it-Far- lano. Class V.: 1st, S. P. Elus ; 2.,d, F. M'Naugbtou; 3rd, T. Mutrhead Class IV.: 1st, A. M-Uarg; 2nd, Q. Wills; 3rd, O. Grey, class III.. -1st, O. Wallis; 2ttd, E. Wiillacus and H. Batten (equal); 3rd, 8. Can tor. Class II.: 1st, J. Wallis ; 2nd, L. Allen. Piano forte: 1st, F. M'Nanghton ; 2nd, A. Smith. The prisoners of the Pentridge Stockade wero treated to plum pudding ou Christmas day, In accordance 'with the usual custom, by the ministers of the different creeds they adhered to ; aud the billet men by the superintendent and storekeepers. Selections by the different choirs were sung In a very creditable Btylc, They all conducted themselves well, aud seemed thankful fur the indulgence. The boys and dir.- of the Jika Reformatory were treated to a Christ mas dinner, and during the day were Showed to outer Into the game ut cricketing see numeruus other gameB suitable to the yuung. They conducted them selves very well. 