LITERATURE. ? *- ? JAPANESE AUT. A Glimpse at the Am of Japan By James Jack son Jarves. New York: Hurd and Houghton. 1876. John Stuart Mill has declared it to be logically conceivable that there may be a condition of existenc in which two and two do not make four. The propo sition may have its difficulty for some minds ; lor our part, we are only too glad to have such safe authority for a statement entirely in harmony with our own convictions. What is more, it does net seem to us necessary to take a voyage to the moon, or to any mntv Mmnfp oolncHal kn-1r in nrAer tn discover the Promised Lani of complete emancipation from the tyranny of facts and figures. It exists upon our own planet; and it is called Japan. No; in Japan two and two do not make four, but whatever seems good in their own eyes. The laws of gravity do not obtain. Flies possess no monopoly of walking with their heads downwards ; and teakettles, as Captain Mitford tells us, are apt to run up the chimney faster than their own steam. The part is sometimes double the size of the whole ; at any rate, men profess to inhabit houses not much larger than their own boots. The landscape arranges itself without any prejudice in favour of per spective ; and when tree* find no room to grow in the ground they root themselves in the air. The whole world, in fact, is topsy tur*y ; and all the men and women in it are bu*y laughing at it from the morning, birth, until the night-time, death. Perhaps, though, this applies to the Japan of yesterday, rather than of to-day ; to the Japan of to-morrow it certainly will not apply. For the world is swiftly settling into orthodox shape there. Two and two will soon make four in Japan, just as they do in Europe. Then the trees will come down out of the air, and condescend to modestly merge themselves into forests ; no longer shall we be ab:e to count their separate leaves, and no longer amidst their foliage will strange birds stand upon the tips of their claws, and peck at golden oranges the size of footballs, and larger; the houses will expand to due proportions ; the steam will creep up the chimney, and the kettle sit and sing contentedly upon the hob; the men and women wiil leave off laughing, and — we shall lose for ever the spirit and humour and incommunicable charm of Japanese art ! We may have just as faultless gold and lacquer, just as exquisite .porcelain, as delicate ivory carving, but Japan will have entered upon its majority, will have learnt that life is real, life is earnest, and the delicious freaks and fancies of its childhood will be no more. It is with these feaks and fancies, with the Japan of yesterday (surely not old Japan yet, though time does move go swiftly :), that Mr. Jarves is fascinated. Against his enthusiasm, warm and glowing though it be, we have not a word to gay. As decorative artists, the Japanese are widelv adnii ted to be without rivals. Nowhere, not even in India, does one find such sensi bility to the relights of colour ; nowhere such bold ness of desicn united with such exquisite finish and workmanship. But we quite agree with Mr. Jarves that, when all this is admitted, much more remains to be said nf Japanese arc. In its own way, and in its own sense, it is a truthful expression of life. Not of the hiehe t phases of life perils, and certainly not of the highest human moods. Mr. Jaives says himself that 'the fine arts, with the human soul and form as their fundamental motives, and human excellence or spiritual loveliness as their distinctive aim in expression, are not found in the aesthetic constitution of the Japanese.' And it is because this is so that all Mr. Jarves's talk about the Ideal and the ' Idealism of Japanese Art' appears to us very much out of place. But if art in Japan can scarcely be said to be ' ideal ' in the sense in which we generally use the word, that is, if it have not for its primary motive the embodiment of ideas, or of spiritual passion or power, it is at any rate true, and, a.rart from its pleasantness to the eye, most gratifying and healthful to the soul. The love of the grotesque for its own sake is not an altogether legitimate sentiment; and so near at hand as China, where nice sense of colour, technical skill, and grace of design, are second only to these gifts in Japan, one sees how this, as an inspira tion, tends to degenerate into the worship of ugliness. But in Janan it is not the worship of ugliness, but the worship of laughter. Now laughter and the causes of laughter ai e real— no more inventions than tears and the causes of tears. Fun actually exists in the world, at any rate in the same sense as mournhilness and pain exist; the comicality of the weasel, of the penguin, of the camel, of the physiognomy and contour of many meu and women, are as much facts of nature as the solemnity of the mountains or the peace of the stars. We may, of course, question the objec tive reality of any of these impressions; but at any rat* they all repose upon the same foundation, whethei of human consciousness or Divine will. And those who accept the latter conception, and who delight to imagine the Creator inventing the mountain with grandeur, and the skies with glory, can have no pos sible excuse for believing that the God of Nature allowed all the quaint and merry creatures with which the earth teems to escape out of his hand without any intention or consciousness of mirth. Well ; but it would be idle to deny that, to our minds, there is decidedly a sense of incongruity between Divinity and too much mirth ; sorrow is divine with us - not laughter. Now, with the Japanese, it would be exactly the revere, only it does not appear that they are much troubled to realize any such sen timent as divine-ness. Children, when they are healthy, are mostly, we fear, irreligious; and the Japanese would seem to be irreligious much in the same way from, excess of healthiness ; they have their ghost stories, and they have their goblins, and their familiar comfortable gods. But ot reli gion, in the sense of supernatural awe and of spiritual compunction, tny appear to be quite singu larly deficient. Buddhism, with its sublime melan choly, its loity resignation, its self-abdication, could not, of ceurse, take any root here ; although, not be ing a 'missionary religion' in the sense in which Christianity and Mahommedanism have understood the term, it has been tolerated, and : allowed to build itself temples. The most interesting chapter of Mr. Jarves's book treats of the popular deities, the household gods, as they may be most accurately called, with whom the artists, and indeed the people at large, in their cuirent fables and legends, do not at all fear to take all rranner of innocent libe ties. One of the illustrations given shows. tie seven of ? these good-natured deities at a picnic party. There is the goddess Benzai-tea, an excellent mother of a large family, but who, were she less respectable, would be the J apanese Aphrodite, for she is queen of love and of music also, and so is represented in the picture en tertaining the company by playing oh a lute. Then there is Yebis, god of food, not quite so sober as lie might be, we are afraid; but one hopes that this is an exceptional occurrence, and that he will be convinced of the error, of his ways, for Shan-Ko, the god of long life, is. . videiitly giving him a lecture on the subject. I hen there is Jos.'i-Joku, lh^ god of talent, absorbed in reflection, as t ecomes a sage ; and Bis-jaimon, god of military glory, conversing familiarly with Daikoku, the apo plectic god of wealth. But our favourite amongst the party is decidedly Hotei, the god of ' content ment in poverty.' We are afraid that in any other country but Japan Hotel' would be more likely to find himself locked up as a sturdy vagrant than in the company of gods. For he has neither purse nor occupation, and, under the circum stances, his portliness is decidedly suspicious ; if he does steal, most certainly to beg he is not ashamed. Yes, a lazy fellow is Hotei, loving to lie and sleep m the sunlight. And when the little children gather round him, teasing and tickling him and climbing over his fit body, bribing them to leave him in peace by telling them fairy stories, the moral of the stories is always, shocking to relate! that money is worth nothing at all, that it does not make the sunlight, nor the fresh showes, nor the beautiful white llos soms on the mountain cherry-trees. But, then, in Japan such less rs are not so pernicious and immoral as they would be, 'eay, in London; poverty, and contentment with poverty, are not directly dangerous to the Burial fabric in a land where a man can live and get as fat as Hotei' upon one meal of rice a day, and where for clothing he needs only a loin gin le, and a court dress of good paper to wear ? n State occasions. In a country where there are few material cares and no religious terrors, it is not Btrange that the picture of the world should seem a bright and pleasant one. But the Japanese are also peculiarly sensitive to the beauty of nature. Mr. Jarves gives a charming account of whole families going out gipsyiug into the hills at the season when the cherry trees put on their lorely snowy blossoms. He declares that the farmers rejoice a6 much in the beauty of their crops at harvest- time as in the promise of increased prosperity. And in the same way the craftsman also works for his own delight in the' object he'is producing quite as much as for the price that will be'paid him. And ?? he result is that the commonest objects— teapots, clay- vessels, combs nay, hair-pins even— all express some fantastic whim or passing fancy of their contriver. As it is not very probable that Mr. Jar\ es's book will be reproduced in England, we will close our notice with a de scription of one or two of the illustrations (photo- lithographs from original Japanese draw ings), which the author will no doubt pardon us for considering the most interest ing portion of his volume. One of the most remarkable represents the dream of an exhausted water-carrier ; he is stretched out at full length snoring away vigorously — as we can tell by his open mouth and distended nostrils. Nevertheless, he is scarcely enjoying his slumbers as one Avould wish ; for behold, in a sort of halo floating round his head, we discover the tormenting vision which is wrinkling his forehead into a hundred ci eases, for, whilst his body lies here at rest, he sees him self drawing up water laboriously, shoul ;ering the heavy buckets, staggering away under the de tested burthen, perspiring, puffing— cursing doubt less, if life be 'real and earnest' enough in Japan for oaths to have been invented. Now it is to be remarked that there is nothing in this picture but pure comedy — a western art st would und .ubtedly put into it a note of pity for the vietiii ; he would have made him appear jaded, worn with work— we should have felt sorry for him. But the Japanese water-carrier is an obese and comfortable mortal, over whom the most sympathetic heart could cer ainly not waste a sigh. One understands quite » ell that he is a lazy pood-for-nothing— a faithful disciple of the comfortable and fat Hotei, who has stolen away here in a sunny and cozy corner thinking to enjoy a de licious doze. He has been lazily fanning himself, if you please, the self-indulgent wretch ! and now he is clutching nis broken fan desperately. Another picture, which has even more vigour and humour, represents a desperately energetic artist rushing at his canvas, not only with a brush, in each hand, but also with one between his teeth and one fastened to the tip of his nose. Here, too, one perceives the easy-going Hotei, with his good-natured dislike of too much energy, in the back ground. ' Pas de zele, messieurs ; surtout pas de zele.' Mr. ? Jarves also gives some very charming specimens of flower and grass sketches, and some mo.-t graceful pictures of birds. The moment the Japanese artist quits human subjects, he is able to keep his sense of the ludicrous under control. Man is evidently for him a 'forked radish with ahead curiously carved,' altogether ridiculous both in form and character. But the birds, and the trees, and the flowers are beautiful to him, and not ridicu lous ; he is not afraid to play -and trifle with his gods, but when he paints Nature he is in earnest, and attemps no jests with her. — The Examiner. 