MRS EMMA HARDINGE BRITTEN". The following sketch of the life of this talented lady, we extract from the preface to six lectures on "Theology and Nature," published by her in 1860: " In brief, then, I was born iu London, England, and up to the age of 12 years, was educated iu the quiet seclusion of 'sweet home.' The death of a noble father, and the entire disruption of family ties, sent me out into the world at this early period of my life, first as a teacher of music in a school, and subsequently as a concert player and vocalist. I beg, distinctly, cnce and for all, to claim, that I never went to school iu my life as a student; the common branches of English education were received only in the family circle of accomplished English ladies, and the life page of good society ; and in no science but the theory of music, and the all absorbing page of harmony and composition, did I ever receive any instruction, or pursue any study. From the age of 12, my public life commenced; and any one who has become acquainted with the severe studies which musical artistes are called upon to pursue iu Europe (especially when in addition I had to provide a home for myself and my mother by my teaching, etc.), will scoff at the idea that any leisure could have been afforded me for those metaphysical and scientific studies in which certain of my American friends con fidently affirm 'my youth was absorbed.' With the exception of a little dabbling in astrology, pursued under the auspices' of merry gipsying parties, I never heard of, much less studied, any 'ology' in my life. From six to eight hours' practice of vocal and instrumental music each day, and the gay soirees in which musical artistes form the chief feature in European aristocratic circles -thus passed my early life, until the com plete loss of my singing voice, and chronic difficulties with my throat, compelled me to adopt speaking instead of singing for a pro fession, and the drama instead of the opera. From tliis period I remained in one Loudon theatre for seven years, and, except on rare occasions, never during that period passed more than a week at a time exempt from the arduous and all-engrossing duties of a Lon don actress' life. To study original parts for a very fashionable and aristocratic theatre -to compose the most recherche costumes acquire all the accomplishments which en title a successful artiste to tntrf.e in the best society-filled up my time to the fuliest measure; and yet, from duties whicli en grossed my companions too constantly to allow of anything but the ' rule' of the night, I contrived to steal time to play the organ and piano, and give many compositions to the public. Messrs Bookworms, who see only in books and a life of incessant stud}', the origin of mv lectures, this was my life up to the very hour when I set foot on the shores of America, in the year ISjo. Be so good, all ye who peruse these pages, to shape yourcoxrn>ENTassertiousaccordingli\ I came to America, purposing to pass six months, which the horrors of the Crimean war, then raging, made very sad and depressing in Loudon, in a temporary engagement in A'ew York. The six months extended to ten, and during that period, for the first time in my life, I heard of spiritualism. "The idea of communion with 'the dead' appeared, in the outset, impossible, then wicked, and nothing but the" persuasions of several persons by whom I was surrounded could have induced me to investigate. Pur posing to return to Englaud in a few week3, however, and not unwilling to carry away with me subjeets for spurt and ridicule (an inhospitable practice, too common among foreigners when visiting distant countries), I determined to witness what I knew (as all hwie who really know nothing about Spiri tualism) was "a;;ranrl American humbug." Trusting to my shrewdness to detect what I felt 'until be a very shallow imposture, 1 visited Mr ConkHu, the well-known test medium, of Iscw York. Before 1 was intro duced into the circle then assembled, 1 heard a. sentence spelled out which appeared to me at variance with Bible writ. This was enough -after the fashion of some of those who at tend our spiritual lectures, and with so little confidence in the truth of their own system that the moment they hear it attacked thev rise up and lly, lest their truth and their re ligion should fly first-I fled, scared off, in fear that my 'rock of ages,' my Bible, should be insulted, and my own unsivervimj faith be shaken, by sitting in such infidel company. It was many weeks before I conld bring mv' self to understand that great truths are never in danger, and that every biowleveiled against a rock, must be made with stronger material i than the rock, before it can touch it. . "I" my second attempt, I was taken to Ada iioytj the well-known test rapping me- ' elium, through whom I first heard the magic raps-on ta&Ie;, wall, floor, my own chair, and in every possible direction, where machi nery, imposture, or any contrivance secreted about the medium's person were impossible every question, mental as well as oral, was satisfactorily answered, and nothing but con viction should have followed so convincing a seance, had not unreasoning bigotry and prejudice assured me it w^s impossible, bt'r cause it teas-and, still worse, the obstinate raps persisted in calling mo ' a medium.' \Veeks of patient, earnest investigation fol lowed. In tho presence of Airs lvellogg, of New York, I became developed as a test me dium- by writing, personating, seeing, hearing, and a variety of phases, I1 was en abled to sit for enquirers, and cheerfully gave my services for more tlian a year to all who desired'tliein. Still I could not wholly yield up my belief. I found J had always been a medium. Trance, with its unconscious speech, was but another phase of somnam bulism, for which, from a child, I had been remarkable. Psy chometry accounted for tho fact, that, as a dramatist, I never remember to have felt fully studied in any part I had to play, until I had slept on, or at least lain down with my head in close proximity with the page I had to study. A thousand weird peculiarities of my youth now pre sented themselves to me in the clear light of spiritual impression-ghosts, presentiments, sounds and voices, impulses, and all the vagaries beneath which I was branded by the title of ' a. very strange child,' and in later years acquired the name of ' Elfie,' signify ing a sprite or fairy-all now loomed up in the light of spiritual realities; a life-loug preparation for my present position ; but as the experiences of every medium arc shaped by their own organisation, and adapted specially to their individuality, so it would be impossible in this brief notice to give the faintest idea of the worlds of thought, deed, and revelation that have been crowded into my little four years of spiritual experience, nor yet to divine it by the experience of another. Suffice it to say, I pursued my researches and experiments in every avail able quarter, high or low-in circles,"in cel lars, in garrets, saloons and woods-never shrinking from the evil, so long as I felt sure of my own integrity, nor injured by the false, so long as I was tme myself. 1 have convinced myself thoroughly of the truth of psychology and magnetism, by repeatedly becoming the subject of the influence, nor are there many phases of medilltnship except physical force manifestations, which I have not practically experienced and carefully in vestigated. " For many months I devoted myself to this absorbing, search-to sitting for the public, and being the instrument of Spirits in various ways, without the least idea of ever being a ' public trance speaker' always on the eve of returning to England, and always fettered down by my uusecn psychologists to their work. 1 at last began to wako to the consciousness that my mother must live on material as well as spiritual bread-that my Spirit Guides had forbidden the stage to me-that my pupils in music shrank away from the weird reputation of a medium-that my contributions to spiritual papers transmuted the gold from my pocket to mere laurels for my head, and that all the time, health, and'effort 1 was bestowing on the world as a medium was merely laying up treasures for to-morrow, without doing°the smallest tiling towards supplying the wants of to-day. "Then came the word of power-'Emma, yon must go out and speak to the world.' " 1 have borne all sorts of deceptions from the Spirits, and found them lite best, of lessons; practical tests, both of their strict humanity aud the necessity of tryiaq them according to scripture formula. I had proved that all the chaff of Spiritualism contained living kernels of life; that all the trials, sufferings, aud apparent evils in which I was often tried in very pnrgatorial fires, were good for me, abundant in use and teachiu", aud that no dark spirit ever stood on my left hand, unaccompanied by a radiant angel ill white, on my right. In a word, in an experience as sharp and bitter as has ever fallen to the lot of a Spirit Medium of these modern days, I would not then, any mole than I would now, part with one "single trial, nor can I feel that aught but Divine wisdom and Omniscient power was dealing with me through every variety of spiritual intelligence ; but litis last charge, to wit, that I, a woman, and, moreover, ' a ladi/ by birth,' and Emjlixli, above all, that / would go out, .like ' strong-minded women,' and hector the world on public platforms ! oh shocking! I vowed rebellion-to give up Spirits, Spiritualism, and America; return to England, and live 'a feminine existence' once again.. \\\ ith these magnanimous rc solves^strong upon me one tree/;, the nc.cl saw me on a public platform, fairly before the world as a Trance speaker. " The details of my struggle, and it3 con quest, are too Jong for insertion here ; the whole may be summed up in one sentonee; 1 am a good pyschological subject, and the spirits are good psychologists. They, it seems, wanted me, had ground me in the mill of suffering, expressly to fit me for this work : ' and what frail bark can stem its way against the ocean's tide ?' In my first debut as a Spiritual Lecturer, I spoke after a man ner, which, with modifications growing out of atmospheric, physical, and psycical con ditions, continues up to the present time, i or some time before the commencement of the lecture, but chiefly after taking my seat on the platform, I feel the pressure of a dreamy magnetic influence, at times deepeu mg into complete abstraction from the sur rounding scene. I cannot always tell the exact commencement of the lceture. The audience, the seenc, aud my own words appear present, as 'in a dream within a dream.' The effect of human psychology upon me is very painful. There is an abso lute compulsion to perform a certain part, whilst I retain sufucienc consciousness to appreciate and hopelessly to struggle against the control exercised. In these spiritual lectures I can equally clearly recognise the presence of psychological control. The un prompted flow of words arc not my own. Every gesture and movement appears to me at times, compelled, and yet tho coninulsiou is accompanied by a dreamy indifference on my part, a perfect absence of care, and sense of safety and protection from my precious invisible masters, that renders my servitude an exceedingly happy one. I can feci rather than see the audience ; and their degree of iutelligeuGC, but especially the presence of antagonism, is painfully distinct. Some times a strongly marked individual charac ter in the audience becomes prominent to me, occasionally and markedly infiuencin the lecture, sometimes presenting singular points of character, the contemplation of which will absorb my attention whilst the lecture proceeds. The details of my ad dresses I can only realise very imperfectly at the time, my own state being too dreamy for acute perception. Hours of subsequent quiet communion with the Spirit world are essential to the realisation of persoual benefit from the teachings given. " For the names of those beneath whose ministry 1 am happy in the belief of acting although frequently questioned, I feel no prompting to state them. I have good reason for 1/11/ belief in their identity, but those reasons are only influential with myself and a few others. To the world I can offer no direct testimony on this point, and am in structed to present whatever truths my lips can utter, for the truth's sake alone. ' A great man cannot sanctify au error, nor add to the lustre of a truth,' say my Guides ; ' be it the mission of wise Spirits to substitute for the authority of a name the omniscience of truth only.' Besides the kind and powerful iv seem to throng around mo in my public mission, I am constantly surrounded by a few Spirit friends, one of whom, after the fashion of the reputed 'familiar,'appears a duplicate of my very self, conversing with "lfx**"1 a^' faoiIity 0I~ human speech, at all times, places, and situations, advising aud warning me of the future, peering into the unveiled natures of almost every one who approaches me, cheering me in that which to the world would be loneliness, but which is to me the most precious companionship, and by a thousand little1 tests separating his in telligence from my own, and.ten thousand little acts of care, foresight, and tenderness justifying my grateful cry, 'Oh, Spirit, thy love puts this cold world to shame.' "Thus far, then, I have brought up my notice (if I may so phrase it) of my public career to the present hour. The details woull comprehend a very large volume, for ' we live in heart throbs, not in figures on the dial' In the four years of my spiritual experience, therefore, I have lived a very long life; travelled through most of the States of this vast America, often goin" many thousands of miles in a few months' In all my journeyings, East, Yvest, North) and South, I havo always gone by the direc tion of the Spirits, and though my engage ments are generally made twelve months in advance, I never,..save once {and that in verification of a prediction), lia-rfc broken any ; never encountered loss, accident, or insult; enjoyed health and strength unpre cedented in my former life; and with "the exception of one generous, unselfish human fnend, and that a rival lecturer to boot MrsE. J. French, of New "Sork-I started on my public career without a human hand to aid, or a human brain to counsel me. "The predictions of my true-hearted friend, Mrs French, and the assurance of the Spirits, that 'without editor to puff, or friend to recommend ; without a place to go to ; a stranger, and utterly unknowing and unknown in this country, I should visit every State, find a home in every city, suc cess everywhere, and all through the power of tlie Spirits,'-all this and more, much more than I could have dared to ask or hope for, has been showered upon me. Truly 1 may say, though country, home, and kin dred are left behind, and though fortune and fame have never yet entered into my calcu lations, or influenced a sinele step I have ever taken in Spiritualism, yet in disregard ing these, I have sold all in exchange for the pearl of price that is worth more to me than all the world beside." 