) OUR AM ATEHR Tl-I E ATRICA LS AT ' > BOOLONGI-. ' He jests at scars icho never felt a wound — EoM-j50. f Onjs of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbiuy Gross, f of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, ) was when he made his first and only appearance ' as |;m actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at"his . own house ill Boolong. He, for some unkuo vn reaion, nud conceived that he was born to be an actor— to tread the- boards like the great Garrick and the elder : Kean — but it ' was, foolish notion, soon knocked o.it of his head after his) I peculiar dchut. On finding the Melbourne and Sj'dne-v I managers unwilling to give a perfect, novice with blearing I red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in, " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved ti " take the bull by the horns" and get up a conipany.pf .bis own down ' at his place at Boolong;: He went to enormous expense I in building a small theati-e, purchasing wardrobe, having I sceneiy painted — Tor-Banbury was .determined to do "the I thing well and in tip- top style. " He got together a kind of scratch company, many oE them,, like himselE, raw ain- bibio;us amateurs, eager "to fret. their.- hour upon the ' stage," and one or two see ly outcasts of "the", profession!; I and he looked forward to the pro liictioa o£ his pet play, I Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, not unalloyed with -pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ' month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perEect in their , words beEore the curtain went up, but aEter it did most of tliem forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the G-host was ' intoxicated, and the Kin,g likewise ; Oj)hcUa, an amateur, ( burst; into a nervous fit of 'tears before she said a dozen lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who ' assicmbled to assist at the amateur performance. But this I was not the worst, for Banbury found that wlien the bills came in the expense -was twice as large as be bad expected, I and he could not rrieet .tliem. " The fellows," he used to say, I " allowed mo to. have whatever Iwantcd on credit, because they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- ' ist, would pay them", but I.knew very welT he would do no such thing when he found they, were for theatrical trap pings, for if -there -was; one tiling he held in abhorrence it was the, theatre. '! - : ;!W"hab was he to do ? His uncle would disinherit him, turn him out of the house he had furnished for him, and send, Kim adrift on the world. What was he to do 7 His creditors would not wait and he would be a ; miserable pauper. But for all this he did not lose his : house, and iiis poor unci's fortime is in the bank in his - name, thanks to. the fciniely aid oE one w/to is a frieiid to the drama as wcll.as to thc.rcst of the world, yt\io advanced him the needful. Need we say 'his name. No ; all- "know I him! But we may as well remark it was the|6/t««yii('a of the distressed, "" .. . . DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street east. Who has from to 10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills I of sale (with or without security), salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of - lading, legacies, goods, ' merchandise, on expected remittances, or on .moneys per- , sons may be entitled to from England and elsewh'ere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. ' Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and I mortgages from 6 per cent. 