AN-OPEN YERDICT. "A NEW NOVEE. Br ^HB ACTHOE OF " LADY •AjFDLEY's Sbcrbt," 5 -"-Taken at- thb Flood,35 " Dead Milk's Shoes,""Weavers and Weft," &c.; {Published by special arrahgement'with the Author All rights reserved.] Chapter. XLVni.—Jilted. "No wedding;!'' screamed Mrs. Dulcimer, putting ' down" the old silver teapot and staring aghi&t; atnothing particular. \- /.'-No Redding I'^repeated the vicar. "No,5 answered Kenrick/ hoarsely, and with a hardness of, manner which he main tained all tliroughthatpainrul day1. " She has. been^ooling me. all .this time; .She has written to tell-me that she never loved me— and—at, the. last—it came into her head thatshe ought nbt tomUtty ,me without loving mei ...! An; afterthought. ;And she flings me fifty thousand pounds as a peace offering, as fjrou throw an importunate dbg'a'biscmt/wheri you'don't want him to '°.<!it^,'most\\.extraordinary," exclaimed the evicaiv >■ & She-was in such; :a hurry to Ba^offthosemortgagesbefb'reher marriage.' I thought she6 was- romanticaliy in love' /.° _ ; V •. ; u'" You- don't understand,?, said ■Keririek.j ":That was.how she meant, to make amends to me.: She valued my love, my manhood, my.self-respect, at.fifty..thousand pounds. I am paid in full, she thinks, and I nave no right- to complain." : .• * . . r" 'f Women are an inscrutable race," said the:vicar. ": ! < • "I am a'most unlucky woman," wailed hfrs/Dfflcimer." , "Itbbk such a pride in , bringing Kenrick arid Beatrix together—:. such an excellant match—so well suited to each other—a large fortune—a fine position in jthe'coimty-^title—everything." . # My* i^epit will not mend the matter for1 you to get; hysterical," remonstrated the "Vicar. Where are you going, Ken rick ?" he asked, as Kenrick irioved towards the door. > "To the Water House. Where is Cyril ?'? ; " He-got an - early cup of tea from Re becca,and went round to . see some of his old parishioiiers. "He promised to be at the church before„'eleven." . ^ A superfluoUs civility," said Kenrick. "No doubt he kiiew there would be no we'dding." • . ; ^EenriGk,1'remonstrated Mrs. Dulcimer, hui-Kenrick was gone." " "He walked dqwnr tlTthe Water House" faster than he had ever walked there in his life) 'though Xove had lent him "Mercury's Winged sandals, r To-day rage and baffled lQve/ and- gnawing 'jealousy drove him as faft'&s; if they hadmeen- palpable scourges. wi'elded hy the " Furies . "Everything;looked yery quiet at the old Tudor house -hyo: the river. The butler came: to /the .door. " Miss Harefield had gbne'awayj with';Madame Leonard at five o'clock that ri&ming.; The carriage had ' taken them'ta the raUway station at Great Yafford. J No orie-had gone with thetn but; the cpachman^ andffle-hrid no\left_his .box,; the porters Had (&rried; thb luggage into" the: station. Yes, there^was a good deal of luggage. _ The big cases were to he sent to a furniture warehouse in London'.' The, ihohse .was to refnain in the. care; of the butler arid Mrs. .Peters, the housekeeper. The servants .were to he on hoard Wages. Mr. Scratched was to arrange everything.; Mr. Scratchell. qame iri while Sir Kenrick was-questioning the butler. He'too had re ceived a letter-from -Beatrix,, which he: allowed KeririckCto read. " Dear Mr. Scratchell, "I §m. going abroad, most likely,for a long time. Please receive the rents ' as usual, attend to all repairs, and pay in all moneys to the hank, as heretofore. I shall he?' obliged if- you will give the servants whatever, allowance is liberal and-proper for hoard wages. This had better be paid monthly, in advance. Please see that the house and grounds are kept in good' order, and that all my subscriptions to local and ©ther-charities are regularly paid. ; "JMi'i Dulcimer is to haye any money he; requires for his pool'. ' . \- " Yours vel'y truly, " Beatrix Harefield." " Business-like," said Mr. Scratched," but. I'm afraid the poor young woman is not quite right in her mind. Do you know what she has done'about the mortgages on your property ?" "vYes/'answeredKenrick." "You don't suppose I am going to keep the money ?" " I don't suppose you'd be so deinented as to-give it hack," said Mr. Scratched. " You'd better keep it. If she doesn't make ducks and drakes of-it one way, she will another., "What was your quarrel about?" " . "QuaiTelj" echoed Kenrick, and then it ©ccnrte^t^ himrthat it" was just as Well to let_thisyUlgarian Scratchell-believe that he and Beatrix had quarrelled. - How copld. a piece of' such common clay as Mr-e Scratch ell comprehend the finer feeling's" of-.humap .porcelain ?'. He only thou^bt^f'cracked. - There.was nothing.more tojbe discovered at theW^ater House. -Beatrix and her com panion "had gone." That1'was all'.'" Miss Harefield-had-made her arrangements with coolness" and promptitude.: . It .might be just possible to follow heiybut to what end ? Kenrick .went in quest of -Cyril; 'After a good deal of enquiry: he found'Jhiin with ' a bed-ridden old woman, listening to a dolfefiil story of dhe winter's sufferings. " I want Jo talk to you,. Cyril," said Kenrick, and, vrith a gentle apology, Cyril cut short.the'dame's rambling account of her bodily;iljs,'which threatened to-be as longms Madame- Lafayette's description of the DucfiessJof Orlean's fatal colic.. ; . "What,is the matter, Ken ?" asked Cyril, r when they were.outside in the windy road. " You look-as pale.as a ghost." • /:: - r^ There.is, to. be no marriage.: Beatrix has gone away—and you know all about it. You planned it together yesterclay when you met in the churchyard." "" "Upon my honor, Kenrick, I know nothing," answered the other solemnly. "Why. should I believe - you ? She, whom I thought the noblest of women, has fooled and jilted me. In whose honor am I to believe, after that ?" - " Kenrick, I am deeply sony for you." "Pray spare me that. Your pity would be the"Ipt, drop of gait in my cup. *; Will you ewekrto me that you. do; not; know i where she is gone—that ybn had nothing. 'to "do with'Hergoihg , Y'u Directly, nothing," " answered Cyril, >very pale. . ' His conscience smote him for that scene of-yesterday. He had given the reins to .passion, he, a man who had hitherto shaped •his life upon principle.- He felt himself guilty. • . . ■ "Directly, no. You are equivocating with me, as only your virtuous man can equivocate. You hre Pharisees, every one of you, straining at gnats and swallowing camels. What about your indirect in fluence ? It was that which broke off my marriage." • " • ' . " I met your betrothed wife yesterday, by accident. I was taken off my guard. In the bewilderment of that'moment I may have said foolish things—— " Yes, you urged her to break off her marriage. You left her a year ago, of your own-accord. And now, finding that I had won her, it came into your head to try and take her away from me. A maply course throughout." "Kenrick, when I went away conscience was my dictator. Yesterday I let passion master me. I confess it with deepest humiliation. But, trust me, if Beatrix did not love you it is better—infinitely better —that you and she should be parted for ever.. :No happiness would have come out ofyourunion——" ' . ■ ' ; . "Preach your sermons to more patient; listeners,", cried Kenrick, savagely. " I will have hone of them." - • , And so; the cousins par ted._ Kenrick: I went to. Great Yafford to make enquiries' j at the station; but at that busy place there: had been nobody with leisure'enough to " particularise two ladies—one tall and the other short—going away by the six o'clock train. : Neither Miss' Harefield's carriage' nor Miss Harefield's person had made any impression upon the mind of the porter who had carried her luggage into the station, i There'was a tram started for London at six> there was another that went north ward: at a quarter past. There was the Liverpool train at six thirty. She might have travelled by any one of these. Kenrick went back to the Vicarage in a savage humor. No good could have come 'from the pursuit of"his lost bride, but it was hard not to know-where she had gone. Fortunately Cyril passed him unawares on the road between the town and the village, so those two did not meet again, ; " I shall go to London to-morrow," Ken rick told the Dulcimers that evening, "and present'myself,'at the War Office next day." ; ; " You want to go back to India directly ?■" asked the-Vicar. . "Yes, i shall cut short my leave by a month or six weeks." "Dear Kenrick, why not stop with us till you recover your spirits after this cruel blow ?" urged Mrs. Dulcimer. " My kindest of friends, I could never recover my spirits at Little Yafford.' For give me for saying so, but the place has be come hateful to';me. iEveh your kindness could not make it endurable." : " Kenrick is right," said the Vicar. " He has been very, badly treated, and his profes sionwill be his best consolation," , " There is one thing that must he settled, before' I go back to India,": said- Kenrick. " I must give—Miss Harefield—back her money. I cannot carry that burden away withme. -You are her guardian and one' l of her trustees, Vicar. You and Mr. Scratched- must manage the business be tween you. I can only raise the money by a new mortgage. Would it not be best for Miss Harefield's trustees, to take, a mort gage on my estate for the amount they have advanced ? : I paid the other people only four per cent. 1 might pay her five." " I do not think she will take a mort gage. 1 do not believe she will take her money back in any form whatsoever," said the Vicar. " She has written me a letter which I shall show you when you are .calmer and more disposed to forgiveness. It is a very touching letter, full of truth and generous feeling. She has treated you very badly—she has been foolish, mistaken— but she is a noble girl, and she is much to be pitied. You will be ungenerous if you in sist on giving her back the money. She has more than enough without it." " I shall be a mean hound if I keep it," said Kenrick. 