lusincl Court. At the Land Court Sitting hold at Gympie, before Mr. Commissioner Warner, on the third day of July, the following applications to select Crown Lands were diaposod of : — Matthew Mollor, 321 acres, Widgeo, condi tional purchase ; accepted. William Honry Cave, 60 acres, Widgee, volunteer land grant ; accopted. | Charles Boaso, 1000 acres, Noardie-, condi- | tional pnrcliHse ; adjourned till August Court. j William Ferguson, bU acres, jnswbu woau, ? r conditional purchase ; accepted. j j Alexander Furpuson, 600 ucroa, Nowsa Road, ! , conditional pnrclwse ; accopted. j j ' George MaUghan Towner, 560 acres, Widgee, \ , conditional purchase ; accepted. : ( William Clark, 354 acres, Six -mile Creek, , conditional purchaso ; a-.coptud. ' , William Durston, 640 acres, Traverston, near Tagigan, conditional purchase ; accepted. Genruo Atkins, 040 acres, Tugig.in, conditional ] purchase ; accepted. ? ' ..-?-? , - John Molhuish, 440 acres, Imbil, conditional ! purchase ; accepted. ? j John Quin, 640 acres, Widgoo, conditional j , purchase: accepted. . r , :.] Joseph: Osborne,. 160 Macros, Teebar, ?hoine-',. , Btead_; accopted. ',,,'.. * _ ' ' 'j 1 Total nil inbe'r of nores'applied for, 5485. j Total numbor of acres granted, 4485. I , Fulfilment of Conditions. ( JameB Smith, 160 acres, pastoral, . Widgoe, | homestead ; granted/. ?.?:?-. - | James Fullertou, 77 acres, pastoral, Widgeo, ! , homestead ; granted. '. Christophor Wilson, 76 acres, 40 agricultural ; and 30 2nd class, Gpotchie, conditional purchase ; i granted. ? ~ . i Moses JonkiiiB, 643 acres, 100 agricultural | and 543 2nd class, Gootchio, conditional pur- - chase ; granted. Abraham F. Luya, 100. acres, 23 agricultural .. and 77 2nd class, Newsa; conditional purchase ; 1 adjourned till AuguBt Court at the request of ' applicant. ^^_^____^_____ ( The Pr.ojf.ctbd Aubtralian Dominion. — ; Some of the Victorian provincial journals aro . deeply impressed with tho idea of an Australian i union, leaving their colony in cold isolation. ( Tho 'Belfast Gazette' thinks it evident that j ; 'New South Wales, South Australia, and Queen- | ', aland nro now bent on the inauguration of a : ; Dominion, excluding Victoria. ? They say that ( the conferences held at different timu3 at Sydney ! ; Melbourne, and Adelaidoonthe subject ofFeder- '? ation have all coma to nothing, because Victo- , ria refuaed to to do away with her protective , tariff, whilst they all desired to establish tho union upon freertrado basis. , The PreBS of those , colonists now further points out the danger which wonld bo attachable to them on admitting , Victoria, on account of her extreme democratic principles and the peculiar elements displayed^ in the conduct of her rulora. Let us hope that/ as ' unity is strength,' the Government of this I , colony will see tho wisdom of pitching overboard j [ all tho plenipotentiary business with respect to j the New Constitution, and join hand in hand ! with our neighbours (if they will let us) in form- ? ing a gmnd Union. Should, however, thePrem- j , ior and his friends be stiil bent on going home | , about the »roat reform schonie, it is to be hoped j that the Western and other outlying districts will be allowed to join tho other colonies in a confederation which will, wo are sure, bo en- , couraged by England, and would do more to advance the interests of this country than any schemo which may be puzzling the brains of tho , Victorian Cabinet. With reference to tho recent proposal fmade to sever this district from Vic- , toria, we respectfully draw the attention of the . supporters of aiich a movouient to. whot the Press j : of tho neighbouring colonies is now advocating | in the matternf inaugurating aDominion, exclud ing Victoria.' ' S. M. Herald.1 Triflino about Ghosts.— Rather a peculiar case (says the ' Echuca Advertiser' of Wednes day lost) i3 set down f'r hearing at Heathcute County Court, to commence sitting on Friday next, beforo his Honour Judge Bindon. At the intosoction of Pohlman and High streets, Henth coto, is situated a browery, which has been un tenanted for a lrng time past, and was said to have heon the haunt of aghnst, smno whito object having frequently been seen patrolling the prem ises at a mystic hour. A young gentleman, living not far off, was escorting a young lady home one evening, some two months since, :and when passing the supernatural's promenade, beheld a white object in front of him. With out mom ado, he rushed forward and struck the supposed ghost a heavy blow with his walk ing stick. However, tho ghost proved to be substantial flesh and bone, in the shape of a daughter of a trooper, and who was quietly talking at the place with a friend, sho being dressed in a light coloured dress. Negotiations at an amicable settlement having failed, the father of the injurod intends to bring an action in the County Court to recover £200 damages. 'S. M. Herald.1 Modekn Giants. — Murphy, the Irish giant, died at Marseilles; his height- waa [8 feet, 10 inches. O'Brien, or Charles i' Byrne, ahnthor Irish giant, who was a contemporary of Murphy, was 8 feet '4 inches. His skeleton is preserved in the Museum of the College of Surgeons. Patrick Cotter, another Irish giant born in 1761, died September, 1806, was 8 foet 7 inches in height. John Middloton, commonly called tho Child of Halo (Lancashire), English born, 1578, was 9 feet 3 inches in height ; his hand, from (ho carpus to the end, of his middle fingor, was 17 inches long ; his palm, 8J inches broad, bhang Wpo-Gow, Chinese giant, was 7 ft. 8 ins. Is a Bicycle a CAiiKiAoEfi — The question whether a bicycle, is a carriage, says a London paper, was raised before Mr. Sladd at theAVobl wioh Police Court. H. Milw'ard and F. Winter, wore ? summoned by the police ; for riding,- .their bicycleB on tho footpath ; nnd thoir solicitor contondod that as they wero neither riding ft horse nor driving a carriage thoy did not come within tho intentions of the Act undsr whioh the charge was laid. Mr. Slndo Baid that bicy cles were not inventod whon tho Act waspassod, but he was closrly of opinion that a bicycle was a carriage, nnd driven by tho ridor'a feot. A nominal penalty, howovor, would buEBco, and ho, 'finod tho defendants 2s. 6d. eoch with costs. ?'?' ? How to Obtain Water in the Bush. — A correspondent of tho ' Dubou Dispatch sayB, it is * singular thing to mo thnt bo many dio in the bush for want of water, whon tho moans to got it are Bimplo. Any person ivith a toma hawk and a tin billy need nevor go without. Lot them look for a root of a busly box tree as thick as thoir arm, hundreds can I o Been a little way out of tho ground, cut tho root as near the troo as possible, nftcr bnro away tho soil and cut tho root as long as possible, thon cut it in longths of fiftoon inches, put ono ond in tho billy and blow at tho other and yon will have plenty to drink of tho finest ivator that I boliovo can be hud. I havo drank gallons of it, made tea of it and found it as good and whole some as any wator I over drank and shall do again. If I have, to travel in the bush in a dry time I hang a tomahawk to my aaddlo ready for all occasion, and I would advise others to do the Rumo. The American Tkadb with Australia.— Tho American papers to hand by the Oa'.i fornian mail, speak in the most glowing terraa of Australia, as a market for thoir produce. They anticipate finding horo a great market for their productions. It is quite evidont in Sydnoy that tho American impoats ara running tho English vory olosely, and tho poo ilo nro thus onablod to reap the bonofit of free' trade. — ' Telegraph.1 