IPSWICH. [PROM OUR OW.S* COREBSPOJFDENT."] . ; . .; 1 . . f. June 13. A NAME, OP DOLEFUL MEMORY-THE [GAS WOHK9-AN ACCIDENT-BUBNED -IO DEATH . -POLITICAL-SKVEBS WSATIIER-A FATAL ACCIDENT. .. /..S . . , So we are to have a peal of bells. The old clapper, with,its hntnble corrugated zinc shed, will bo displaced; in favour of a joyous peal, which will remind such of us as have any grace' left in us, of our village home?, or of Cheapfide, as the case may be. .The:.money ip coming tum bling iu.with remarkable promptitude, demon strating that no insignificant part of the popu lation are admirers of,chimes, th« " meat safe."; "of'>t. John's to the contrary notwithstanding1. In: moderation, bell* ringing is not an nnplea sant;. sound, and though we cannot just yet. hope to revel in triple bob majors, or to celebrate the ^ fall. .. of _ Constantinople or St. Petersburg, as' the case may be, bj'.-"ringing several/Vthouaind changes in three hours and a halt, or performing other such amazing campanological feats, we shall have the comfort of iroing to church to something better, than the jingle not much .more majestic than the town crier's bell. But what chiefly brings joy to the awthetic mind is that the church must have a spire, for surely the insecure and unsightly, not to say incredible and unheard of experiment of perching a lot of bells up in a box in the air will not be repeated, tit. -Paul's. Church, excellently as it is designed and admirably as it is adapted to the needs of the congregation, .will be greatly improved by atower; indeed, the churches of the colony gene rally present a rather squat a ppearance from the wnnt of that adjunct which, to English eyes, is so indispensable; and wheu we li&ve; got a tower and a set of chime.*, and (who knows) a carillon,-Ipswich will be set up. It is true, a period of trial will have to be gone through whilo the athletic ringers are learning their work, hot if they do not overdo tho thing and ehimo us out of our wits, tho town will put up wirh a good deal of random .pealing in tho joy and. pride .of coming out as graud as the metropolis: \- -The Municipal Council of Ipswich have not the least intention of allowing the colony to forget their existence, and have bestirred them- "? selves to some purpose in respect of the Local ; Government Bill. : An invitation is to be sent: :i out to each and every of the municipalities of .] Queensland, to send debates to Brisbane to frame amendments to tho proposed enactment. If the Assembly has any . regard for its own : peace, it will rush that Bill. Some writer once ^ expressed a wish to see a man's biography with ] corrections nnd emendatious by his ghost ; tie i Local Government Bill, aft^r being subjected ;to tho cntiiiiam of tho soventeeu delegates, will ' bo nearly as great a literary curiosity. Alder- j man Macfarlane,xftf.L.A;, apparently had some 1 suspicion that the Assembly might beeomo * active under tho unwonted stimulus of incal- i culable: amendments, and hinted that * ?Mtwere well that 'twere done quickly," < and' the' invitations will no doubt soon bor on tho way to the various inuuicipali. t ties. Oao hope theAssembly may cherish, and that is, if .the suggestions of the delegates* are likely to.be troublesome to them, the discussion of the suggestions ia pretty certain to .be strong among the delegates.. /The needs of Kockhampton can never be identical -with those, of Toowoomba, -while Ipswich is the victim of a rivalry and a memory of past great ness which cannot be felt by other towns. Besides, there are some corporations that will be likely to stand on their dignity and resent - the Athenian advance with.a scornful "Mary borough we know, and Warwick we know, but what are ye?" But the idea is nevertheless good and original; as the municipalities will be bound by the proposed B tatute it is only right they should understand and even participate in the framing of the enactment. The recommendation to put pressure upon the local representatives has an evil savour, it smacks of roads and bridges, and carries with it an echo of applications and scold ings about public funds. 'Jhe.thing, however must be done somehow, and great credit is due to the Council for the alacrity and pluck with which they have seized time by the forelock and taken the lead in a matter which concerns the whole of the colony. ? .* . The members of the Coal Miners* Preserva tive Association on the 7th instant presented Mr. E. Gittcns '^ith a handsomely illuminated testimonial in recognition of his valuable ser vices as secretary of the Association. Mr. Robert Reece, of North Ipswich, has taken the .tender for putting'inthe, Gas Tank, at the Gas Works, and has already commenced active operations. The columns are rapidly rising. The brickwork for the retorts is also progressing, though on account of the solid nature of the work it takes a good deal of time. The progress of the works reflects great credit on the engineer. ' A little girl, three years old, was burned to death at Newtown, near Ipswich, on Thurs day, the 6th instant. The child , was left lying near a lighted candle; she stretched outhcr hand to reach it, when it upset and set fire to her dress. The unfortunate little girl was burned to death before the flames could be es tinguished.- . ; A fatal accident occurred on Monday morning last .to a man named Patrick Dwyer, residing at Booval." He was driving a young horse, which becameV frightened and bolted; the cart caught the corner of a fence, and Mr. Dwyer w*s thrown out with great .violence. Dr. Aspinall was i*peedily in atten dance, but was unsuccessful insavingtho un fortunate man's life. 