BEECHWORTH WE8LEYA.N CHURCH ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. The tea anil public meeting in connection with the anniversary services of the Wesleyan Church, Beechworth, on Monday evening lust, was a decided success ; there being about 150 persons present. The tea, which was laid iu the soheolroom, was presided over by 'he leading ladies of tuo congregation, and was fully appreciated arid done justice to by the. partakers thereof. The room was most taste fully decorated with wreaths and bouquc-ts of flowers — the work, wo believe, of two young ladies belonging to the church. Afier tea an adjournment was made to the church, which was also decorated, where speeches were de livered by the Revs. J. C. Symons, of Mel bourne; M. Dyson, Mark Braduey, and Canon Howard. The choir rendered several anthems and hymns in an exceedingly creditable manner, Mr W. Daltou presiding at the har monium. The Rev. M. DYSON, who occupied the chair, opened the proceedings with prayer, and said be would defer his remarks until niter the annual report aud balance-sheet Lad been submitted to the ni'cting, which he called upon the secretary and treasurer, respectively, to read. Mr JOHN TAYLOR read the report, «r, follows: — "The trustees, iu presenting their annual report iu connection with this church, would first express their gratiiude 10 God for the measure of success which ha has graci ously given in connection with their united labors during another year. They regret to have to report the death of one of the trustees, Mr Richard Heaton, during the year, who al ways took au active interest in the church af fairs. Also, they Lave had cause for r.uxb ly in the continued exodus of individuals, and in some eases of whole families, from tin- tov.-ii ; but, on the other hand, they rejoice that the attendance at the public Sabbath services has been encouraging, and also that most or the church numbers are exemplary in their attendance at the classes and week-night services. The Sunday-school has been con ducted reguiarly during the year, aud while there has been enough to discourage the teachers at times, there is also evidence of steady progress in the department. An un ostentatious and Godly work is being done by four members of the congregation, who weekly distribute tracts. The trustees respectfully acknowledge the valuable services of the choir, aud also of their collector, Mr John Nioholls, who, without fee or commission, has eugnged to collect the pew-rents. The trustees desire also to gratefully acknowledge their obligations to all who regularly pay their pew-rents, and thus assist the trustees in meeting their heavy liabilities in providing church accommodation for all who desire to unite with us iu the wor ship aud service of God. From the treasurer's balance-sheet it will appear that yearly instal ments, amounting to £55. have to be paid to the Loan Fund ; £40 for interest ou private loans, aud not less than £50 or £00 a year for the ordinary expenses. ' From this it is mauiiest that if all do not bear a share of the burden, it must fall heavily indeed ou those who bear tho cost — the full cost of keeping this church open for the public worship of God, from week to week. The trustees would respectfully urge upon the attention of our people these matters, aud request them to reut the few remaining sitliugs in the church, aud to pay regularly the pew-rents, either t their authorised collector or tho treasurer. In conclusion, (hey earnestly hope that the pro ceeds of this anniversary will grently roplenish their fuuds for the coming year." The Treasurer tlieu read his financial state ment, which showed a deficiency on the year of £5 13s id; tbe total liabilities being £-i01S 3s 4d. Tbe CHAIRMAN said that he had much pleasure in having the presence of two clergy men of'other churches in tbe town, and es pecially in having secured the services of the Rev. J. C. Symons for the occasion, who might be called tbe founder of tbe Beechworth Wesleyan Church. The talent which bad then been given to the Beechworth Methodists hud not been hidden, but the value of it had not been materially increased. Nineteen years ago the church property had a debt of about £1000, aud to their astonishment it had in creased to £2018 3s 4d. He believed that every church organisation was pledged to sus tain its. own agencies, and to do this efficiently. Because a church was worked on the volun tary principle, it did not follow that any oue connected with such a chnrch was pledged to withdraw or give his assistance. The volun tary system was a sound one, and voluntary unity was the holiest and best, but like the spring iu a watch, made of the best steel, it will only keep good time when the works are kept in good order. That church had a spring of the best quality, but owing to the want of a few golden letters on the dial, or of a wheel or something else, it runs a little be hind time. The regulator needs a touch so as to affect the balance. In' churches, as in private business, it is of the utmost import ance to be free from debt, and tbe most hearty unity of all should he secured to effect so de sirable an object. He felt ashamed that Mr Symons, who left them the church, should see it so deeply in debt. He (the speaker) liked men to give. There were plenty of men who could sing and pray ; but he liked some sub stantial money principle to work upon. With these remarks the rev. gentleman sat down, introducing the Rev. M. Bradney to them as a very old friend.; The Rev. MARK BRADNEY asked if it was fair to be called old. He had often been complimented upon his young looks. How- a-aer. he took it as it was meant, and was glad to be there to meet old friends. When first asked to address them he felt like a dry pump ; but when the hymn was given out he felt more confidence in himself. Soon after leaving Beechworth he went to a place of worship, where on account of the illness of the clergyman he heard a man read achapter from the bible, aud afterwards explain the same in a simple but impressive manner. After church he went up the street, and saw a man s anding at the corner of a street preach- in" about Jesus, and thought of tho great re vivalists Moody and Sankey, and felt that that theme was the theme of the ministry — Jesus, and Him crucified — as it was with the Apostle Paul. The speaker related a little anecdote told by Mr Corrie Johnstone, in his little book, concerning Dr Steele in America preaching to a crowded cougreg tiion in a spacious marquee. Dr Steele had been preaching about the ful ness of God, and th- chairman of the meeting stood up and said that he did not then feel the fulness of God, but would remain on his knees till he did. Many of the congregation fol lowed his example, and not less than 100 persons were converted during that silent prayer. That was what they wanted, and he hoped that by next year they would realise a much better position, both financially and spiritually. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN said he had great pleasure in introducing the Rev. Canon Howard, who on the last occasion of addressing them, had given them an excellent dissertation upon flannel washing. The Rev. CANON HOWARD, on rising, said he felt like a piece of dry flannel himself that evening; having had to preach as many as ten different sermons during the last eight days, and was therefore very tired. He did not know the feelings of a dry pump, or he might have said he felt like one. He had much pleasure in being introduced to the Rev. Mr Symons. At such meetings he usually preferred to be the last speaker, so as to be able to get a peg on which to hang his ideas. With reference to the voluntary system alluded to by the Chairman, lie thought it by far the purest aud best. He might call it tbe Niagara system; as the mighty falls were produced by many small streams flowing towards one volume. There were some with small, and others with large m=>ans When in the old couutry he always strove to preach simply so that the occupants of the free sittings could understand what was said, and if ever there was a coin on the niate that made his eyes glisten it was the copper one. Speaking tbe other day to a gentleman of the congregation of a certain church in Melbourne, he (the speaker) asked if all the sittings were filled, and was told that they were all let, but not filled, and that the free sittings were almost always empty. On account of having conducted so many services during the week; he felt downright tired on Sunday last, and had prepared but one sermon, uot expecting to see so large a congregation, and in the evening, when sneaking of the Resurrection, lie was sore that he could have heard a pin. drop. He feared that there were mcny preachers run ning after novelties; but he thought truth ver 'the saihe, s6t- progressive. Science was but truth; it was tbe same now as it was at the first. Our faith was built upon the resurrection of Him who was the first-fruits of the world. The Saviour's resurrection was a visible proof that Jesus was sent to save sinners. When an early Christian was asked if he kept the Sabbath he answered. "Am I not a Christian; constraint is put upon me to keep it !" The proof of the Resurrection was the proof of God, and those before him would rise again. Their duty was not only between themselves and God; but between themselves aud their fellow-men. At the day of Pentecost the Apostles were com manded, " Go ye. into all the world and preach the Gospel." This was the mission of ail preachers, but it was useless unless it found a response in their hearers hearts. From those "before him lie was aware that there were many who had. been snatched away by death, but they Would all be re-united in that place where parting was unknown. The speaker apologised for the length of his ad dress, and sat down amid loud applause. The CHAIRMAN, iu introducing Mr Symons to the meeting, said that he could flourish at least a dozen trumpets iu his honor, but he would not blow any of them, j He knew hini longer, perhaps, than any j person present, aud. was sure that they all ! would accord him a very hearty greeting. I The Rev. J. C. SYMONS, who was re ceived with deafening applause, said he never felt at his ease whou addressing public meetings. He would relate to them a story. Somewhere in America a bridge was built, aud, of course, the time cauie for publicly opening it. Now, there happened to come into the neighborhood a young barrister, who was at- once selected as tho proper person to make a speech, which he began as follows : — " Gentlemen, fifty years ago this place was a waste, howling wilderness ; yes, I repeat, a waste, howling wilderness ; and, hang it, I wish it had remained so !" Of -course, he (the speaker) could not wish that Beechworth had remained a waste, how-ling wilderness, but if it had lie would not have had to ad dress them. (Laughter.) How could he stand up after what- tho chairman had said of him — had, iu fact, buttered it so thick. Ho wished to correct a slight error made by Mr j Dyson concerning the founding of the church. If he was not. mistaken, either Mr Eli Abbott, Mr Ohurles Williams, or Mr Gil- lard. were the founders ; to one of the three must be conceded the honor. Some of those present might have remembered the oid schoolroom in which divino service was held. He had been told that when being built: a storm had blown it on one side, and it re quired two or three bullock teams to pull it up again, when it was propped up. It was lined with green baize, and it was nest to impossible to hear any person speaking. The seats were lined with ihe same, and he defied any one to sleep in church. (Laugh ter.) It was true that lie left a legacy : but he did uot see that they should be dis couraged. They should remember that some thing like £1400 had been spent in improve ments. The. people of Beechworth had the character of being iiberal, and no doubt would sustain it. When he first came here, he remembered the journey to Beechworth, and related an incident in connection with it. Since then population had diminished, but he had no doubt it would increase. Be did not fetl like making a speech, but could not do so without speaking ou the subjects 011 which the Rev. M. Braduey and Canon Howard had spoken. In the present day there was a tendency to remain iu a condition of doubt. He had the greatest sympathy with honest liebters, believing thai they would not loug remain in that condition. When in Mel bourne lately the speaker listened to the Rev. Thomas Jones, who related a story about two men who lived in Wales who were very superstitious about ghosts. When passing a neighborhood said to be haunted, one said to the other, " Rowland, if you see anything, say nothing about it," the other saying the same. On they went without remarking anything, when suddenly one walked quicker and quicker, aud finally commenced to run, the other following, till they ultimately fell into a ditch. Upon getting out, one said to his mate, " What did you see ?" and received for a reply, " Nothing." They had so frightened each other that one thought the other had seen a ghost. The speaker believed there was nothiug to be afraid of, but believed in the efficacy of prayer, and that there was a speciul Providence, to illustrate which he related the following : — Years ago, ou the diggings at Btndigo, going between the California Hill and the place where he was in the custom of preaching, he met some diggers working on Sunday. He stopped some time remonstrating with them, and on going to the place o£ meeting he heard sing ing, place, and when the service was ended was told that a man lay dying at Mopoke Guliy and wished to see him. He went, and found that the man could not live long without medi cal aid, which he immediately went in search of, and happily found Dr Xracey, whom he re quested to visit tbe man, which he did, and he happily recovered. The speaker believed that if he had been but five minutes later the man would have died. This was, without doubt, a special Providence. Many had heard of Thomas Cooper, the well-known Chartist lecturer and frieud of Dr Johnson. (The speaker here referred to local preachers, among whose names he mentioned Mr Woods, the present Commissioner of Railways, aud several leading men of Bonrke-street.) In the height of the Chartist movement he worked up the feelings of a mob to such a pitch of excitement mat tuey uurneo. many Buildings at Burslem. Advised by his friends, Cooper left Burslem, and was arrested and brought before a magistrate at Manchester, whose house had been burned down by the mob, and on being charged with inciting themob.it was proved that he was not in Barslem at the time, and was discharged. Years after this, after having abandoned Chartism, when in London with Dr. Johnson, they arranged that whoever reached the railway station first should look out for the other. Cooper arrived first, and was going into a carriage, when a porter asked him to step into another. Dr. Johnson arrived, and was shown into the same carriage. An accident occurred on the jonrney ; several of the carriages went off the line and three par sons were killed, and three seriously injured. Cooper and Dr. Johnson were unhurt, and on going into a field to view the dead bodies, the former vowed that he would dedicate his life that had been so miraculously preserved, to God— another instance of a special Providence. But to come to the point, they wanted money. The chairman had told them so clearly, that it was unnecessary for him (the speaker) to go into the matter. Some time ago he conceived a scheme which would free all the "Wesleyan churches in the colony from debt. The plan was this : They owed £100,000, and had £30,000 in the Loan Fund ; he proposed that they borrow the remaining £70,000 at 5 per cent, and lend it to the trustees at 7 per cent. He had written to England, and could have borrowed tbe money, but the trustees through out the colony would not agree with him. They had no cause to be discouraged. Of nnnrRB tliov had the debt, bnt he had no donbt that in time it would be removed, if only little by little. (Great applause.) The CHAIRMAN said that, with refer ence to Mr Symons scheme, the trustees of the Beechworth Wesleyan Church were in favor of it, and he hoped that it or another and a better would be adopred, and that the debt and the 25 per cent, liabilities would be wiped off. A collection was then taken up in aid of the liquidation fund, and liberally responded to. Mr DAWBORN, in a happy little speech, moved a vote of thanks to the ladies who had presided at tbe tea- tables, the choir, the speakers, and the two young ladies who had decorated the room so tastefully. Mr NANKERVTS very briefly seconded the motion, which was carried by acclama tion. After the Benediction bad been pronounced by the Rev. Canon Howard, the meeting dispersed. Stock Movements. — The following are the recent travelling stock items — 100 head of bullocks from Victoria, for Mr Dunolly's Berambala station ; 53 head from Mr William Huon, Wodonga, going to Dight, brothers', paddocks, at Bungowannah ; 1950 sheep from Kangaroo Ground station, Upper Murray, the property of Mr Caldow, Jerilderie; 17,130 sheep of Messrs Peppin and Sons, from summer quarters in the hill country, bound for Conargo ; 8000 sheep (Mr Dixon's), from Kiandra, for Caroonboom. An Unpleasant Surprise. — According to tbe Mount Alexander Mail, a marriage, which has been for some time pending, had approached so nigh to the brink that it was arranged for the priucipal bridesmaid, who lived at a , considerable distance, to come a few days beforehand. Accordingly this inte resting young lady arrived, bnt unhappily took so ill after hc-r long journey as to cast a gloom over the household that was being set iu order for merry-making. A doctor beiug called iu, be carefully examined tbe symp toms of his patient, and thereafter came to a very pronounced conclusion as to the nature of her malady. Upon leaving the sick-room, he was anxiously entreated by the lady of the house to inform her if there was auything serious to bo apprehended on the illness of her visitor. "Oh, no, nothing serious, but yon had better get the baby lineu ready," replied the doctor. 