MACBETH. Mr. Thomas Kenny, a clever essay- I ist, and who has written most ably on the subject of " Macbeth," charact.jr- ' ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime , and terror relieved by the most magi nificent imaginative expression, ' yet. ' marked with great simplicity of general , design. The date of the production of the piece is set by Furnival at 1605-6, ( and " we may take it for granted," saj's Kenny, " that; it was written in the time of James the Firat, who 1 ascended the throne March, 1603, as it V contains an evident allusion to that ' monarch in act iv. scene i, and also a ) complimentary reference to him in an other part. 'The material for the play was found by Shalcespeare in Holin- ) shed's History of Scotland, where the , story of Macbeth is told at page 168." ) The Macbeth and Duncan are repre- \ sented to have been cousins ; the tirst ( a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispe ll sition, and the latter " so soft and ) gentle in his nature that the people f wished the inclination and manners of ) the two to have been so tempered and J interchangeably shared betwixt tkem f that where the one had too much of ) clemency and the other of cruelty, the \ main virtue between these two extre- r mities might have reigned by indiffer- J ent partiti(9n in them both. The play P all along keeps close to the line of r Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely any particular except in tlie non- f appearance in the banquet scene of the ( murdered Banquo's ghost." I This tragedy has been presented in ( Melbourne we believe oftener than any / other of Shakespeare's works. The S late G. V. Brooke, Charles Kean, C Charles Vincent, in their time essayed / the p.irt, and we have had other repre- \ sentativcs, from the burly McKean ( Buchanan and James Anderson to the ) littk dapper J. B. Howe. But few \ artfsts have made their Melbourne dchvt in the rSle of the Thane of Cam- ) dor. Of those who have, we now call \ to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, at the The- f aire Royal, July 2, i860, Mrs. Charles Ppole supporting him as Lady Maa- A ietJi, Mr; Henry Edwards as Maeduff, ( "Mrs. Winterbottom' as" Maleolm and V the principal singing witches-were Mrs. \ Hancock and the .late Julia'Matthews. f Previous ta that, on AugliiS, 1858, at ) the same' theatre, there burst iqioh the \ theatrical firmament an Australian / Roscius, Master Edward Pole,? aged; J 14\. He also played the .part, which as \ a jfeat of memory was extremely j won- < f .derful. This gentleman has long left tlie stage and become a " family man;" « arid now follows the prosaic business / of a thriving paperhanger. \ At the time of the " Ghost"- sensa-" \ tion in Melbourne, in 1863, this tragedy ( was revived to be produced with " Pep- J per's ghost effects;" which were an- \ nounced as " combining the real with / the ideal, the scientific and the poeti- cal, the positive and the illusory," with ( thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- f market Theatre, August 22, 1863, when I under the., management of the late ( James Simmonds. The part of Mao- Icth was alternately played by Messrs. 1 R. Younge and Henry Edwards, the ( Lady Macbeth vias by the late charm- / ing Annie Lockhart. . \ It was in the part of the "Thane's \ guilty wife" that Miss Goddard (Mrk Capel) made her bow before a Mel- I bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal, ' August 24, 1857, the late G. V. Brooke f appearing as Macbeth. 1 The Opera of " Macbeth," by Verdi, \ has been presented in Melbourne by ( two different companies at an intervM ) of twelve years. The first production was :at' the Theatre. Royal; Septemb.er ( .8, i860, .with the Bianchi Opera t.oiri- i ' pany.' Sigiiora Bianchi undertook the ' . music. oCLady Macbeth, Si gnoBianclii ( : MaWw/fi Emile C6ulon'M«ri&c;|t/t, John 1 Gregg 'Bajiquo, Walter Sherivin Mad- \ . colrn. and Mr John Winterbottom was ( conductor of ? the orchestra. The se- 1 corid time the Opera was revived was v I at the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. ) W. S. Lyster and ' Cagli. The title j rble (\lacbeth) was allotted to Signer ( Tournerie, Macduff to' Signor Leandr'o J Coy; Bawyiiu,; ;to ''Signer Dondi, MaZ- j 6'uZffi ; Jo. Sigrior Benso,: PAysiciaw Jo ( Signor Favas, Qentlemoman to Signora J Tournerie, and Lady Macbeth to Sig- ' noia Zenoni. , (J 