LOCAL NEWS 'OEiVJr BtAIi; ILIitWAKRit. ! ' MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. Friday, Nov. 8. ???.: Full Council, less Alderman Thompson. ? ; Correspondence outwards. — To the Minister of Justice, enclosing amended Library By-laws. : Inwards.— From- William Rogaiv sen. , pointing out the bad state of a road at West Dapto, and requesting that a few pounds should be expended on it.1' 1 From Alger and Staff, with: reference to, the : old timber remaining over from Ghost Bridge. ? i From R. J. Marshall, stating to the effect that as the Council wonld.not consent .to his putting up :l road fence in a straight line as it should be, he : would proceed with tho work,- -leaving 00; feet as before. From tho Council Clerk, with referonce to the ?following questions placed on the business -paper for that day by Alderman Smith;:— ' Why tho Mayor, us in duty bound, does not see tho provi sions of the .111th clause of the .- Municipalities Act are duly carried out V ' Where; is ? the Minute Book kept1!' 'Can an elector refer. to the Minute Book or Rate Book at all reasonable times, in accordance with Clauses 108 and 169 of the Municipalities Act?' The letter set forth that he (tho Clerk) deemed it right oil his part, to so address the Council about tho matter, seeing: 'that an attack was being made upon him by Alderman Smith, under cover of tho'se questions. -Although he was not at all times at the Gouncil-^Chaniber; tho 111th section of the Act was uot -broken.-. Ratepayers as a rule called at his residence in town on business, and he attended to them there, very frequently at unreasonable hours and incon venience to himself. The amount of ratus paid to him at the Council Chamber on his rogular dayB there. was a mere trifle, and there had been no complaints oil the part of ratepayers with regard to him. , ; . '? ,? ?? ?. ? The correspondence was received, Mr. ? Rogan's letter being referred to the Committee' for Works' for No. 3 . Ward. ? : , Alderman. Griffin roported that there was an obstruction of briers on a road near. West Dapto. Aldoririaii Smith reported that the spikes: ob tained by the Council wore not according to samples. A minute from the Mayor was road with reference to a motion placed on the business 'paper a few meet ' ings since by Alderman Smith, to the effect that he (the Mayor) had instructed the Clerk to stato an nn- | truth to the Minister for J ustice; with regard to the number of books in the Free Library. The minute .i sot forth that as Alderman Smith had not followed lip 'that motion in any way,' lie (the Mayor) deemed it, to be his duty, for the ' honor and dignity of the. ? Counoil'.' to place on record, the actual facts of the case. At tho suggestion of other Aldermen, ho decided to let thtf Ministtr know the Council had a considerable' number of books other than those purchased, out of the Government grant. Con sidering' the .'number -of those books in tho poses sion of- the Council, and tho. promises of Mr. Jenkins' and Mr. H. H. Osborne to give more', ho (the Mayor) believed that about 200 volumes was a fair approximation, as had been represented. Tho whole matter took' place in open Council, with Alderman Smith present. And considering the perspicuity and mania for exactness, which characterised that gentleman, he should have ob jected to the thing then, instead of afterwards, from motives which lie (the Mayor) would leave the. Council to determine. - Aldermnn Smith said he should have a motion at next meeting about the matter.: The protest entered. at the previous meeting of i the Council tiy Alderman Smith, against the pass I jiu. (lf a resolution having reference to the Library, was also read. The reports and minute from tho Mayor were recoived. ? Alderman Smith asked the following questions :? ' Why no steps had been taken towards repair ing tlie culvert on the FlagstafT Hill Road, in accordance with the motion carried at the meet ing on September 2Sth? 'On whoso certificate or at whose instance was the balance for building the Council Chamber handed ovor to the contrac tor, -the contract not even yet having been com plotod V The Mayor replied to tho effect that ho had thought Aldormen Smith and O'Donnell were the parties to havo looked after the Flagstaff Road matter, and 'as regarded the Council Chamber con tract, he (the Mayor) had certified to the payment of tho money to Mr. Osborne, who promised to complete the work at once, which, though longer in being dono than it should havo been, was now | concluded. Questions 3, 4, and 5 were answered by the Clerk's letter that had been read at the meeting. ? -- In reply to Alderman Griffin, the Mayor said tho Government would do nothing with regard to the road required' at Gondarin Creek, a3 it had no name, and therefore was not known to the'Govern ment. Moved by Aldermen Evans and Richards, and carried — ' That the Mayor instruct Mr. W. . Osborne to sell tho old material at Ghost Bridge.' An ..amendment niovod by Aldermen Jenkins and Griffin, to the effect that the material be handed over to the contractors, and one by Alder man Brown to refer the matter to the Works Committee, were lost. . , Moved by Aldermen Richards and O'Donnell— 'That tenders he invited- to liext meeting; of Council from parties willing to perform the duties of Librarian.' After some remarks oil the part of Aldermen Brown and Smith as to whether the law Inid been complied with in tho matter, the former Alderihan moved an amendment to the effect 'That Alder man Smith be appointed Librarian until April ; next.' Alderman Smith had taken great troublo I in connection with tho library, and no person was more competent than he to do the duties of j Librarian. . f Alderman Smith thanked Alderman Brown for moving the resolution and speaking 'of him as ho ' did, but ho could not think of seconding the | motion.. .Having, been so anxious about the J library however, he had hoped that some member of his family would havo been appointed Librarian, | at least for a time, so that he should be enabled to I get the. thing into good wot kiug order. It was i being said behind- his btick that the library would ; have been open- before noiv only for him. Tho 1 Mayor was the first man to speak to him about a member of- his (Mr. Smith's) family taking the v Librariapship, and that gentleman was also tho ? first to turn against' him. I . Alderman Grifiin seconded tho amendment. j Alderman Richards said that all tho Aldermen ' favorable to the library were thankful to Alderman' ! Smith for the trouble ho had taken in connection ! with the matter. . ' j The Mayor remarked that no man could be more I suitable for a Librarian in many respects than was Alderman Smith, or more unsuitable in others, ! owing to his being so much of a hedge-hog. j Aftor some remarks between Alderman' Brown j and the Mayor with reference to the matter, the i amendment was lost, Aldermen Brou-nj Smith,! and Griffin voting for it. The motion was then carried, the division being reversed. : Moved by Alderman O'Doiihell, and seconded by ? Alderman Richards - 'That the books of the Free Library (other than books of reference, &c.; , ) bo open for circulation on and after Thursday, tho 1 -lth instant.' Alderman Brown pointod out that the Attorney General had given his opinion that the: books ? could not bo circulated, and it was a matter for great surprise that Alderman O'Donnell, who was a Magistrate of the territory, should have brought forward a motion, as ho did, to set the: Attorney General's opinion tit nought. After some further' remarks the motion was , carried by tho casting vote of the Mayor, Alder men O'Donnell, Richards, Jenkins, and the Mayor voting for it, and Aldermen Brown, Smith, Evans, and Grifiin against it. ? ' Moved by j Aldermen . O'Donnell and Jenkins, and carried — ' That a specification be prepared and- tenders invited- to next meeting of Council for erecting tho necessary shelving for tho Free Library.' : ; - Tenders for the following -works were then opened, and disposed of as here stated : — Work on Cobbler's Hill — M'Donongh and Smith, 13s. per rod. ' - - Metalling on Main Road at Figtree — J. Duley, 25s. per chain. ? Work at Higgin's Bridge — Ryan and James (only tender), £3 10 - Metalling on Central Mullet Creek Bridge — J. Duly (only tender), 33s. per rod. Fresh tenders to bo invited. v ' Screwing, tarring and painting several bridges— B. Sweeney, £17. ' , ? ? . Work on Lakelands Road — J. Sweeney, £o. - ; This concluded the business. - 