In (Friday's " Mercury," aomo remarks of j tho " Australasian, " on Sir Michael Hicka-Becch'sdespntch, in refer ence to tho ' too - famous ' controversy initiated bv tho Judges of the' Supreme Court, betweon thonisolves, tho Governor, and Koibey Ministry., were republished. The paragraph caught our attontion, but at tlio time wo considered it unworthy of any serious attention, and thoreforo left it unnoticed. Within tho lost day or two, hoWovor, we liud it has been a good doal spoken about in certain learned and in fluential circles, wherein Mr. C.- H. Bromby's " presumption and ignorance" tire very strongly roprolwited. To aid the secret vituperators of the absent Mr. Bromby, the "Mercury" is always cortain to lend its valuable assistance, aud conse quently a specimen of the " presumption arid ignoranco" of his detractors was wel comed, tho more particularly as it might bo supposed-'to emanate from an unbiassed arid impartial tribunal; Wei never had; any inclination to . engage J in r tho controversy concerning tho claim alleged to havo been mado by the late Attorney-Genoral on behalf of the Executive — namoly, tlint in cer tain cases and circumstances it noted as a nF imiAul /tni. r.-iennu fnt- wtaliinir to avoid tho subject, as far a3 our duty as journalists would permit, wo havo moro than onco stated, and they still continue to influence our action. But wo cannot p'ormit " tho presumption and ignoraucu" of Mr. 0. H. Bromby's revilors to enjoy their impunity from exposure any. longer, and we have therefore made up our minds to henceforth treat thera. according to; their deserts, and with that jnstico which they deny to every one who does not pay humiliating reverence to tho would-bo potential magnates of this small com munity. Wo havo always hold that tho Jndgos had not a shadow of justification fur raising the dust-storm thoy did upon a subject thoy ovidenriy either did not understand or they purposely endeavoured to mystify. And our reasons for holding this' opinion, audacious as it may appear, we shuj) now proceed to state, and after so doing, we shall invito the impartial publio to decide on whioh side tho alleged " presumption and ignorance" aro to bo looked for. Tho graveness of Mr. Bromby's oflfonoo is—" that ho claimod For his office the same privileges as those bolonging , to that of tho Secretary of State in dealing with persoiiB convicted of crime —in ' fact he IB said to havo actually asserted . that tho executive was a Court of Appeal from tlio decisions of the Supreme Court" Now let it be granted that Mr. C. H. Bromby did say all tlmt ho is accused of, and that ho and his colleagues did adviso the Governor to tho cflbcfc stated, is there anything lie is alleged to have said or done that is not perfectly in accordance with Constitutional udicialandestablisHedprinciples and prac tices? Wo challengo all judges, journalists, Iouian mid nflioi- lonmnrl auLltrinfiPn. not only in the Anatrnlias, but in Her Majosty's dominions j to point to a single worn' in all that Mr. Bromby is said to havAUttered, that ho was not justified in expressing. And an we intend " to take theibull by tho. horns." on this subject, wo shall now ' proooed to mako good our position. I11 18G5 a commission was issuod, com posed of the undernamed, to lnquiro into the " provisions and'oporation of the laws now in forco in tho United Kingdom, undor and by virtue of which tho puuish- mont of death may bo inflicted upon persons convicted of certain crimes." Tho commissioners were tho Duke of Rich mond, Lord Stanley (now Earl. Derby), Stophen Luahington, Chief Justice Cole ridge, Lord Carlingford, J. Moncroif, Waddington, Jno. Bright, . Win. Ewart, Gathorne Hardy, G. \Y. Hunt, and uiiuries neat. Lord Cranworth (once Chancellor) ma oxamined as a witness. And in answer to & question touching tho frequont applica tions to tho Crown for ita interference with tho decisions of duly constituted Courts, answerod — 44 I think they have beeu a groupd qf complaint,; but I must own I do not tlpnk them a wolbfoundod greund of complaint ; I do not tbjpk that any system can h'o imagined in which tlio party convictod should not havo a right of petitioning for a remission or a mitiga tion of punishment. I do not boliove tuat by any system you can prevent applica tions to tho Crown. There must be such an ultimate appeal somewhere," This is all ever claimed, or meant to be claimed, by .Mr, Bromby. : But then , he had tho audacity the Executive was a Court of Appeal I Well, suppose ha. did— was ho" wrong? Wo shall supply thq answer from tho ovi- denco of a, most distinguished judge, namely, Sir George Bramwell, who, in - answor to Lord O'Hagan's . ques tion — " Wliothor in criminal cases a new trial should bo allowed ?" said, " Again I spoajc with great embarrassment because I am afraid . that I ahajl detain tho Com mission, some time .to ' explain mysolf. So long as the Queen has the prerogative of pardon , which onu would bo very sorry to 800 taken away from her. thore always will, be a Court of AppeaV because sho may be asked to pardon as a matter of grace, arid alio may be asked to. pardon on tho scoro of mistako.' 'You cannot tako. away from her that jurisdiction whioh, one never wishes to see ' taken away. One cannot help feeling that , tlio Court of Appeal hb at' present coiistituted, except that it has one of- tlio best judges which ouch a Court; con possibly havo, is the 'worst Court which can . poBiibly exist, becauso it is not a public Court. I mean the Secretary, of', State for.'tha Home Department ; und except that' tho Seoro<- .tary. ia always so fit a man, and is always WJ UUiy HUVUUU, . OlkJ , UIUUIUVUI,, W..UV /it . is tho worst Court which there can - possibly bo ; it is no Court at all in reality, but practically it is a tribunal of appeal; it, is private, it pfoppeds - upon written statements and upoa rexpaptp Htatomontsj.it does . not hear thoothor side and, therefore, no doubt, thoro is very great difileulty in saying that it is a satisfactory tribunal to which, to appoal from the judgment of a jury, and yet you cannot got rid 'of it- ... , T cannot help thinking that any advantage to bo gained from tho establishment of a Court of Appeal, although theoretically more perfect than tho one . which now exists, would, not compensate for the dis- 1 advantages -which would be - attendant upon it Mr. . Bromby, therefore, after admitting every letter and word of his impeached language to bo true, has not asserted a | single principle or claim that has not been recognised and maintained by t)ijs learned Judge t and'.. witness. TiipjSecro tnry ,of State's Office is lijjrtuaUy ' ft court of appeal against tlio verdicii of juries and the soritcuces ot judges, and this is. all' ever olaimedon the part of,tlie Executive by the f hunted down , Attorney-General of tho Reihey Ministry. " Practically the Secretary of State's Ofilco is a .court of appeal, although in. reality it is no court at.all." So says tho learnod witness, and so f said , Sir. ,Bromby., .What, will -our grav'o and rovorend fathora of tho law say to tills ? But let us proceed a little fur- thor in our way of onlightoning. . /Lord Worisloyddle's opinion is invitod on tho same subjeot. He says : u What? ever mode of appeals and now trials take placo, there must. bo always a last resort, namely— an appeal to the moroy of tho Sovereign; and, theroforo, tho Homo Office trial must always como, no matter how many trials' may intervene." Noithor Lord Wensteydale nor Sir George Bramwell woro ovor " brought to book" for having 4 ( the .audacity" to assort that the oflico of tho Homo Sccrotary was practically a Court of Appeal from the Courts of Law in criminal eases, whenever casus might bo reheard and decidod upon ex-parto statements. .- Bad tliey havo dared to givo public expression to such (Worthies in this colony, thoy would not have long enjoyed the society and patronage of our Tasmuriian haut-ton. Tho noxt witness was : the Right -Hon. Horatio Walpole, whoso opinions are quito conclusive 011 tho subjeot . ' " If tho publio would only bear in mind that the Home .Oftlop>;is" not a Court of Appeal, but a Coriy of Jlercy, and that its function Is mriily .to' ascertain whether 'oircuinstarices juatify.an alteration or mi-' tigntion in tho puniahmout, I think that thoir opinion with roferenco to tho prac tice of the Home Oflico would bo very matcrv rially changed. But soniotimos it acts as a Court of Appeal ius in Sinothurts's enso. Iu a fow cases, whoro tho question is one of guilt or innocence, it muab aet as u Court of Appeal." Wo shall add tlio opinions of one or two moro. of the very competent authorities 1 consulted by tho Commissioners, and. which wo find recorded in tho valuable Report dated 1806. Lord Hobart.— 11 Th'e fourth objection is what I call the objection from 1 socret jurisdiction, ' for want of a bettor term ; the frequent reversal of the sentences by the Homo Office, ' arid their proceedings which amount in fact to a new trial, with out the ordinary safeguards, such as pub licity for the duo administration of jus tice . . 1 By rovorsals I mean re versals of tho soiitonco of n legal Court." Lord Hobart, it will be seen, admits as well as condemns the practico of tho Home Ofilce actually reversing tlio sentences of tho judges of tho laud, und virtually re trying coses upon seorot and ex parte statomonts, Wo shall conclude by nu oxtruct from tho oviderice of Sir Georgo( Groy. r aVimilrl lilrn iinmi Una nnlnf fn afntn that I boo that thero is an impression from what is written upoii this matter that tho duty of tho Secretary of State is to sit as a Court of Reviow, and to ro-try cases and to set aaido verdicts. The cases of tlmt kind are extremely few. There was Smothurts's caso— there the facts of the trial wero reopened." What now . becomes of all tlio indignant nonsense that has beon spoken and writton upon tlio alleged " presumption and ig norance" of Mi'. 0. H. Bromby und his colleagues ? Where is the justification to be found for tho controversy forcod upon tho Governor and1 his late advisers? What can now be urged in favour of those who havo so loudly and ignorantly charged His ExceUeucy and the Reiboy Ministry with conspiriug to bring into contompt or to usurp tho authority of the Supremo ' Court? For 'Vindicating the just authority of his oflico, Mr. Bromby wqs persecuted id ft spirit aoldotn equalled in the intensity of its violence, and after allj his only ofience .wos that he dofinod his power as Attorney-Genoral in true, ipropriate, and constitutional language. Wo havo a good doal moro: to say. on this subject now that it . liar, been revived. The report of the proceedings of Pres bytery furnished by a correspondent to tho " .Cornwall Chronicle," aud reprinted 111 our isBtie of Saturday afforded, wo have reason to believe, much pain tomany thoughtful minds. It is, wo are informed, an ox-parte, and an inuccuratQ statement', unwarranted by the Presbytery, tho only object of whieli was to damage a respected clergyman, the pastor of an important congregation in the North. Tho fact. that tho Presbytery Bits with its doors closod against the Press, is alono responsible for tho appearance of such garbled reports. To at careful reader, perhaps, it is not necessary to say evon so much, for. in hia mind tlio statement could only . pro duce deep and earnest sympathy. Taking, -the / report-- of . Mr, ...Budge 'a censor, what does it amount to ? Simply this, that many years ' book, the reverend gentleman1" passed through, :a scone of greats domestic sorrow ; ; tlut tho ense was so peculiar' that he himself was called upqn to an&wer;, for his 'knowledge of tho circumstances \ that ' tlio' /case so hopelessly /broke down , that the -judge would not oven submit it to a jury ;tthat years havo rolled on ; and that for some considorablo time past he ( has boon , ful filling his - ministry in this Qolony quietly, zealously, and without reproach.';'. May. not the dead past ho permitted to. bury its own dead 7 Why this unseemly resur rection? \ Assuming a clergyman. to make n mistake once, does it follow, that that miafnlr«i alimilri hn nornnfiiftl in iln nnhir and obligation 1 Sometimes men find an oxcuso on the ground of retaliation, that their enemies are fighting against thorn, and that thoy are only acting in self- defence. But hero is a man who would not fight, and moreovor the excuse is not one that V Christian coiild make,r his 'motto being - " If thine enemy hunger, Joed liim ; if he thirst, give him drink. " That tho affair should again have found its way into print, is occasion for sincere regret. Men may have daily prayer meotings, special revival . services, aud : allvpther. agencies for nseful work ; but as'/ long as clergy men are. - so carelesa of caoli otlior's name and reputation, . such agencies aro -far -better left alone.. .Where 1b tho forgiveness 7 to severity times seYon ? Where the forbearance and love ? "Whoro the moekRQBH'nhdguntlriircss of tho Christ? God help ''us I Has pure and undenlud roligion ceased to appear on tho faco of this fair earth 7 We slmllnot ask wlionce tho report emanates. Rumour attributes it to some Good Templars with whom Mr. -Budge did not. see eyo to eye, bat wo are convinced that thore is not a man in the order capable of auchsnoutrage. It could not have come from ftolorgymaji 1 Oh, dear, No5! Tho spirit of the Lord's Prayer forbids that. j,Let the curtain bo drawn olosely down—we will not inquire. We may say of all scandal-mongers in the language Robert Burns ; — They tako religion in thslr month ; They talk o' w®roy» ffrace anq truth, For what T To give their mauoo ukoutli, r On some puir. wight And hunt bun down o'er right an. rqth 1 1 . To ruin straight. > ' I Tasman'h Peninsula. -It is ntinounued that' l a Rule by auction of Grown lands on Ta» man's Peninsula will be held pbout the first week in' I August qext, ' The Eastprn QuEaub.v,— Thero could be no surer precursor of war than the announcement that Lord Beacousfield intends , to represent Great Britain iu person at the Peace Congress. The astute premier could not trust anyone elBe to get the country into the war and. there fore. be undertakes the work htraselt. The feeling of the Russian Government, however, hmihh more and more to bo in favour of peace notwithstanding the angry tone of its press.. We may expect to hear, nowever, that Eng land is firm in Iter resolves, and will not abate one little of ber demands. Austuaua- Again Tkiumphant.- Tho Aus tralian Representative Eleven have proved that they are in overy respect opponents worthy of tho best elevens in England, for our tele grams this morning inform us that thoy havo beaten the county of York, at Hudderafield by six wickets. Tlio Englismeu scored 87 in their first and 73 in their second innings, and as our men totted up tho splendid score of 118 in their ' first, they only hail 43 to secure when they essayed to faco the bowling of tho " Yorkles" a second time. It willseon that they accom plished this with the loss of only four wickets. The success of' the enterprise which the team undertook is now. assured, as their matches in England will now bo looked upon with unusual interest. To-day the Australians fnco Surrey on Kensington Oval. Anoher Fearful Naval Catasthophe. — It seems that British ironclads aro not singular in running each other down, for two flying the German colours, according to our telegram this morning coLHdjd off Dover, and one went down with 300 poor fellows. Such' a catas trophe is almost sufficient to cripple the limited navy of Germany, .which is a serious matter to. that iiower at such a crisis in European affairs. City Council.— Tlio Municipal Council will moot this afternoon at the Municipal Coun cil Chamber, at 4 o'clock. The following is the business for consideration Reports from the various committees as follows, vis.:— Public Works— On application of Messrs, Tolman and Sun for a bridge and Bide channel in' Morrison- street; do., and metal inthe old market: 011 application of Mr. Robert .Walker for a bridge over sido charmoHn Macquarie- street. Orders of tho day— Consideration of; tho report of the Waterworks Committee, which was proposed for adoption by Mr. Alderman Burgess, and seconded by Mr. Alderman Maker, at tho last meeting, on the subject of the troughiug be- woon Fork Creek and the Upper Receiving House, Sandy Bay Rivulet; aud also of Iho npuuiuvuuuu mr buu luuBirucuon oi too pro jected work, which was postponed until this. Consideration of byo-lawn relating to the water works ordered to bo revised and settled by the standing counsel, if ready. PuuLia Liiirauy.— Tlio opening of this Institution; on Sunday . afternoon, was thought by homo of the uuoo' guid to ibe a violation of religious principles, and a failure by others of a more practical turn of . mind was anticipated. This, how- over, has not as yet been the caso we are happy to record. Yesterday the institution was opened for the first time on a Sunday afternoon, and as far as wo can mako out this initiatory ' movement was an unqualified success, not only in point of numbers but in other respects, During the afternoon, that is from between 2.30 and G o'clock, the names of 98 individuals were recorded as having visited tho library ; the majority of those who so assiduously betook themselves to the reading or study of good, wholesome and, in many instafices, highly instructive literature, belonged to the class of artisans ; nud vere thoy who aro debarred during weok days from participating in the benefits of this institution. There was a fair sprinkling of visitors, as well as a few ladies ; hut as we have said before, and for the sake of emphasis wo will repeat our remarks, the renders were of., that intolliirant. industrious class who stand . more than any other in need of , institutions ' of this nature, and who, on account of their Intelligence, feel the loss 'of attending the Public Library on week days, and appreciate, nay hail with delight its oi>on- \- big on a Sunday afternoon. Tho innovation lias been heralded in with success, and we ore assured,' iur spite of the piotm wail that comes from Borne quarters, it will continue to be one, and will; be fraught with benefit not only to one hut to ovory section of the community. What Next?— Wo understand tliafc notice has beon served oil Shonran's solicitor that this unfortunate man is to be retried at Lauuceston, on tho 13th inst. ' Twico he lias been tried for his life, and in neither case could the jury agreed On his first trial ten nut of twelve were for an acquittal, and on the last the jury wero equally divided. Why such an innovation of the usual course of justice,. should bo attempted in that particular case, we are at n loss to comprehend. Iho accused 1k an humble ttnlrnnum nmn. If.' may be said he lias no frionds.or acquaintances leyomi the few . iu whose neighbourhood he ived/in a remoto comer of the colony. Why, hen, should ho be sent to Laiinceston for trial ? Are tho juries on 'this sido of tho island so insensible to the' obligations of their onths as not to be relied > upon to - give honest verdiots? Or is it /! supposed that those iu tho . North are more easily eonviur.od of the necessity of , hanging a follow-beiug, than those of the South. Iu whatever light this determination of tho Attorney-General to order Sliearnn to appear in Launceston for trial upon a capital cliarge is viewed, it wears a very for bidding complexion, and is more oaloulatcd to defeat, than to secure tho ends of justice. c There is not another instance of a prisoner boing moved from one ex tremity of tho colony to the other to bo tried for .his- life, on record, in this colony, and in tho uaiqo ot humanity and justice, wo enter our protest against audi a .cruel innova tion upon tlio usual praotlco of our Criminal Courts. ' It is, besides n cruelty to' the accused himself, an iusult to the jurors on both sides oi tho island. . Althnitirh Tint lAfVAllvn filinnm, nt , venue, it is practically so, witn.this disadvan tage. that the prisoner is deprived of taking legal oxcoptiou to the change. ' BatcuelukiVk Pantabcope.— ' There was not a largo attendance at tho mntineo entertain ment jon Saturday. The performance was gone through as usuaT, aud at the conclusion the children and adults were presented with a gift. The iualcmenpy of the weather in the evening Iiraveuted a lafgc audience assembling, but, as leforc, there was no alteration in the pro gramme. This evening tho Pnntnscopo will be exhibited at the Theatre Royal. ' Ijimokalitv. — Tho only qiisq . brought boforo Mr, Tarleton, P.M., at the Police Court last Saturday was that of Ellen .Levell, who was charged with behaving in an indecent manner in Goulburn-street on the previous night. As she was an old offender she was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. The Auatkausian Sketcher.— We have .received tho issue of this piotorioi for Juno, but if is hardly up to the standard wo have been accustomed to expect. The frontispiece gives 'a representation of the wool traffic on the Darling River, A page is devoted to the illus tration of torpedo manufactures, and another to viows of the Gipps Land Lakes. Wo miss the neat little sketches which lisually depict the events of tlio month. Tho prize design for the Melbourno International Exhibition Build ing is given, and if cnrrietl out will cortainly he a. unfile edifice. BfiRideii several cuta nf Neur Zealand scenery, a view, of tho interior of the To Aro theatre, Wellington, appears. This now place of amusement far exceeds anything of tho kind wc have yet seen for boauty. We notice . that tho Hon, W. K. Giblin has a corner de- ' voted to his representation, but the portrait, if |t be one, docs not do him justice. Iho taste of his , biographer is not to be admired or envied, as h'o . cortainly betrays bias in statiug- that 4'Mr. Giblin- last year joined Mr. FysU in the Ministry formed by that gentleman on Mr. Reihey's expulsion' from office," Facetious Journals.— We have received the Tasmanian and Hobart Town "Punches" for last week. We notice that the former pays tribute to the memory of the late E. Richall Richardson, by representing "Tasmania" weeping over his tomb. The last-named journal has a cartoon entitled the "Metropolitan Highwayman," representing King Death rowing undisturbed down the Hobart Town Rivulet. Cnuncn of England Temperance Society, —A publio meeting, under tho auspices of the Hobart Town 'branch of tho Church of Kite- land Temperance Society,' will be held at ilip Good Templars Hall, -New Town. ou.Tuesday evening. A programme, comprising rauslo and addresses, will bo prepared. A New Firm. — Mr. Charles Toby announces that he has admitted Mr. H; W. Baylay ' into partnership in the business carried on by him. Mr. Baylny has been associated with his senior partner in business for a considorablo time, and we foci sure that all who know him will wish him success in his promotion. The Great International Circus,— An announcement appears in our advertisement columns tliat Hayes and Benhamo's Interna tional Circus will open in tho railway reserve ou Monday, the 10th June. Our Northern 'contemporaries apeak in high terms of the worth of the entertainment provided by the company, therefore it is to be presumed that liberal patronage will bo accorded to them in this city, . . | Coursing Meeting.— Entries for the Weld Stakes of tho Tasrnnn'an Ooursiug Club's in augural moeting, to be held on Thursday. June 6, and following days, will have to be lodged before 8 p.m. to-day. Tho draw will take place At the Ship Hotel, at 4 p.m. Another BurGlary Sensation. — About half-past elriVen o'clock last evening the.-e was a great deal of excitement amongst a score or so of individuals, who' had been informed that a light, visible in the store of Mr. McRorie's warehouse, . meant that another burglary woe being committed upon those premises, A crowd of youug men gathered' in the front, and conspicuous amongst them was the spiked helmet of . a , constable. Tho silence of every addition to the crowd was In voked with a pronounced "libs" something after the style of that glvcu forth by Loucharu u La Filfe de Madame Augot.- It bccamo mown that a messenger had bean despatched or Mr. Mcllorio, and that two tnoro constables tad taken up a position in tho rear of tho store. For ten minutes tho besiegers occupied them selves in- various ways. Ono swell declared that "he had an idea how the robbers had gained an entranco," whilst another had seen suspicious men lurking "about the neighbour hood at au earlier hour. Others examined tho outsido bolts of the doors, and evon essayed to mako a " rcconiialsancc " through a window. AU declared that tho lights were moving about, but one far more logical than could be expected, considering his state of mind, hinted that the reason tho rascals hadn't bolted was that they were dr-(hic)-unk. A well known baker who lives in the neigh bourhood, habited in.whito cap and long apron, might Jtavo been taken for a very substantial ghost perambulating up and down tho footway, but for the presence of a tremendous poker in his hands. Soon Sir. M'Rorle arrived, land a reinforcomcnt having been sent to tho reAr, the bolts were noiselessly shot, and the door opened. A ' dozen pot-valiiant ones, headed by the aforesaid ardent, pieman, made afnwh to capture thc|s!leged burglars, when it was discovered that . the light In ques tion was simply that of a gas jet which had been left burning by one of tho employees early in tho evening. Of courso tho disap pointed, yet valorous ones, insisted, upon making a thorough search of the premises and came in far their reward iii the shape of some wine, the case containing which was uot opened with a " jemmy." It is, - perhaps, worthy of record that the "bobbio," who was outsido the office whon the alarm was first given, was nowhere to -be found when the entry was effected. Had thoro beon anyone concealed in the front part of the store an escapo would have been' most easy, ' for tho precaution was not taken to nlnco a man at cuo uuor, oue ovcryono riisueu into uio uuuiy lighted rear. Sacred Concert. — To-night a sacred concert will bo givou at St. John's Schoolroom, Mac- quarie- strcet, comprising sotno .of the gems of Bliss's coiniKisitions. The Rev. Jnincs Scott will give extracts from tho life of tlio com poser. Good' Templars' Buildino Society.— The annual meeting of the Tasm&nian; Good Tem plars' Building Society will be held in the com- mitteo rooms on Monday, tho 10th inst. Dr. Sombrvillb's Visit.— It is announced that the first meeting of the Rev. Dr. Somer- villo will bo held at the Town Hall on Wednes day and Thursday evenings, tho s.s. Albion's departure having beeu postponed, thereby pro- venting his earlier arrival. . A .prayer meeting will be held at the Alliance Rooms this after noon. 