MUSIC AND DRAMA. There was a time when ' Tho Stranger ' was one of the most popular plays on the English stage. People used ro cry and gush over the woes of Mrs. Haller and applaud to the echo when the reconciliation came. As far as the spirit of the drama is concerned, it is wretchedness complete. We have in the first instance a picture of a man whose home has been broken up, his affections blighted, and his life rendered mi santhropical by the infidelity of his wife, and in the second that of a woebes-one woman .utterlv crushed by remorse, appeahng to every one for pity and doing her best to make every one that she comes in coo tact with as miserable as herself. Out of such materials is the plot of ' The Stranger' concocted, and to relieve s situa tion of this kind a few low-comedy scenes are thrown in, which have very little to do with the plot at all. The piece , has been selected by tragedians as a 'star' one for no other reason than to 'show the misanthropical side of huuion nature, and what a high-souled and noble man would pro bably become when his honour has been stained by his wife's infidelity. From a dramatic point of view the heroine of the plot, so to speak, is as strong a character as the hero, if indeed not the stronger; and hence a star actor or actress might equally select the play as' a piec: de resistance. In these latter days the drama hasjbeen greatly condensed* and with much advantage. There is not enough incident in it, and hut two situations where any points worth men tioning can be made. .The one is where ' f he Stranger, who is supposed to know nothing of his wife's whereabouts, nor indeed of her actual existence, and who has done his best to banish her from his memory, is suddenly confronted with her when he undertakes to assist a friend in gaining her affections, the latter being ignorant of her position ; the other is the close of the piece, where the wife pleads for for giveness, and the .sudden entry of the two children brings back bid buried affections, and the pair are reconciled. The first of these gives Mr. Creswick an opportunity ot making a fine dramatic ' hit,' though it is in action only , and in the latter, which is preceded by theintcrview between himself and his wife, he exhibits an amount of self-control and icy coldness which is in fine hirmonv with the cynical character he has invested the Stranger with throughout. As a whole Mr. Creswick is seeu to less advantage than in any piece he has appeared in, and that not through any *au JV his own. The surroundings of the drama itself are wortn little, and the emotional passages exhibit an amount o sameness in their rendition which gives the ae.o little or no chance of showing versatility of genius. J-b piece was simply intended to alternate with the repetition ' 'William Tell' during the vast week, and perlifl]-n» is as well that the management do not intend retaining it 1 any length of time. . ' . f fJl0 Miss Bowring made the most of the miseries o ' wee- begone Mrs. Haller, and was painful to' a degi It is the fault of the construction of the piece j ^ own that she fails perhaps to invest the ^haracter of Mrs. Haller with that mteifet which the text 5 jj™ a en at extent, to supply. One of the strongest nSnts in the role of Mrs. Haller is the knowledge that she P° fESCinated Baron Steifort, and is powerless in the atter. The text gives but little information as to why the Tiaron became enamoured of her, and it is left for the dience t0 supply the motive in the strong personal attiactions of the actress. Excellent as Miss Bowring is in a, t any part she assumes, it cannot be said that that t the wretched Mrs. Haller is one of her best, or that 'at home' when she has to assume ' the dismals.' ?Mr Cary had little to do as Baron Steifort, the chief frames being between himself and his sister, the Countess Sj Mainwaring) . 'What he did he did well, and, in fact, nthose scenes just mentioned he was very well played up 1 bv the lady herself. It cannot, perhaps, be said that Miss Mainwaring was quite as satisfactory in her inter views with Mrs. Haller, where she apparently treated the miserable recitals of the latter with considerable indiffer nce Mr. Bland Holt took the part of Peter, and Mr. Seaerave that of Solomon. Whether it be association or not it is almost impossible to get rid of the notion that Mr. Holt i® pantaloon in every thing he nlavs and the ridiculous idea keeps forcing itself on 'the spectator that that gentleman is perpetually Xirdiatinff the turning of a somersault as he vanishes , ^ings. His make-up, as the half-witted fool Peter is supposed to be, made him look rather too old, but ho nlaved the part well, and threw any amount of fun into it. Miss Mattie Daniels, who simply enters to sing the pretty and oua nt song, ' I have a silent sorrow here,' gave it as exceedingly pathetically, though it is rather more suited for a contralto' than a soprano. In conclusion, it may be said that though the piece is not likelv to be very popular, Us construction has more to do with its fallin' flat on the audience than any lack of pains in its production. Several of the characters hardly suit the cast, but whin it is evident that the members of 'the corps dra v atioue are doing their best, and, indeed, in most cases, in bv no means congenial parts, it would be unfair to p ake comments which might savour of unkindness. Mr Douglass appeared as O'CaUaghan in ' His Last Legs' as an afterpiece. He certainly plays cleverly; but ho has to rtruggle with a brogue which he assumes and which he very often forgets. The piece is one of very groat diffi culty for any one who is not an Irishman by birth, or ' to the manner born.' Jefferson has made a success of it in London ; but poor G. V. Brooke was the best Sir Felix of the da v' Thecompanv support him very well, and the audience are kept thoroughly amused. At the Theatre Royal, on Monday night, Mr. Darrell's drama of 'Transported for Life' was produced. This sensational piece has been previously under notice, and little can be added to the opinions previously expressed save that it improves under re- representaiion; and as a sensational drama is pretty equal to .those we have been treated to from other pens, better known in the dramatic world. The author takes the leading part in it, and hence, it is to ba presumed, the accessories are managed as well as possible. Of course, it is a matter of taste as to what, in the present age the drama should really be ; but, if it is to be sensa tional, Mr. Darrell stands a good chance of taking a leading position whether as author or actor. Kelly and Leon conclude their engagement at the Queen's Theatre this week, and Mrs. Scott-Siddons is to appear to night (Saturday). ' Our Boys ' is again to be produced. This play has reached the 1000th night of its representation in London— a matter unprecedented in dramatic records. It has been given in Sydney before, but not with extreme success. Perhaps the present attempt may be more suc cessful. We hope so. At the Guild Hall, Mr. D. Arcy Read's ' Ghost ' con tinues to walk, and as the entertainment becomes better known it is more liked. The Marionette performances at the School of Arts are in great favour, and the change from ' Little Red Riding Hood ' to the ' Babes in the Wood ' is proving attractive. The Civil Service Musical Society, which is undoubtedly at the present time the strongest in Sydney fr.uu a vo al point of view, gave one of its periodical and compli uer.tary concerts on Wednesday evening, at the Mflsonic Hall. Being essentially an amateur per formance, individual criticism is out of the question ; but as a matter of opinion it may be asked of this society, as well as many others, if they arrange their pro grammes as they do at present, what is ultimately to become of our national music ? An opera without any stage acces sories is, nt the best, but a tame affair, and it is not.renlered any more attractive when the chance is that not live out of six who take part in it know the meaning of three consecu tive words they sing. As regards the programme of 'he concert under notice, it seemed as if care had been taken carefully to eliminate all English music, and the result was not a perfect success, though it must be admitted that, under the circumstances, the concert was far beyond what might have been expected. Especial encomiums are due to the ladies who took the solo parts in ' La Sonnambula,' and also to the conductor, Mr. Callan, for the evident care he had taken in drilling both chorus and orchestra. At thi same time it would be, perhaps, as well to suggest to this very talented society that it might in future produce a programme devoted to the rendition of the works of some of the old English masters, who are not only being neglected nowa days, but positively scouted by our musical societies. Since the viBit of the Kennedy family we have not had scarcely any English glees whatever, and the old madrigals appear to he things of a past age. The attendance was the largest which has been given to any concert latterly — a test of the popularity the society enjoys, and a proof of its merit. Is this Mr. Garnet Walch s drama recently produced by Mr. Alfred Dampier which is thus referred to by the London Figaro ? ' It seems to me that some of our mana gers who lament the failure of half-rehearsed pantomimes, childten's ballets, and other wa6hed-out entertainments, have missed a point. There are few books more popular, or which have more quickly become popular, than 'Helen's Babies.' A dramatic version of this book has been pro duced at Philadelphia, where it has already obtained a lengthy run. It certainly seems to me that any manager who produced 1 Helen's Babies ' as a Christmas entertain ment for children would have aroused the sympathies of the young folks.' We observe that Miss Alice May has retired from the Opera Comique in London, and that Mr. Alfred Cellierhas assumed the baton at the Opera Comique, in place of M r. G. B. Allen. The reasons for this step are not given, but it is evidently a very abrupt affair. Bursting of a Kerosene Lamp. — The Port Augusta despatch of March 9 gives the following particulars of a terrible accident through the bursting of a Kerosene lamp : — ' On Sunday evening last a very sad accident occurred at the Catholic schoolroom, which m also used for public worship. It appears that Rev. Bather Nevin had held service there as usual, and at the conclusion of the service, two of the ladies who have charge of the schools (Sisters of St. Joseph) were extinguishing the lamps, when one of them got tilted on one side, and the flame came into contact with the kerosene, or rather the vapour in the bowl of the lamp. The result of this was an explosion, which ®ent the burning liquid over the two sisters, and one of them was speedily enveloped in flames. In her fright she ran out into the street with the flames Rising above her head. Assistance being at hand, the flames were soon extinguished, but not before she had received such injuries that it was thought she could ®ot survive many horns. 'We are glad, however, Jo learn that the unfortunate lady is still alive, and that there are hopes of her recovery — this was Sister Laurentius. Sister Mary Immaculata, who was assisting in putting out the lamp, also got very aeiiously burnt about the head and face, and has been )jery great pain ever since, but she will soon be out oi danger. The scene at the time of the accident was a, fearful one. The screams of the females and children were heard all over the town, and great ajmpathy is felt for the unfortunate sufferers. Mr. Thomas Hamilton. — The Atheiuzum states that . ? Thomas Hamilton, formerly head of the publish es firm of Hamilton, Adams, and Co., in Pater ^s^-row, died at his house on Clapham-common 0n December 27, in his 95th year. 