; . GLADYS, clad ina quaint costume of tar Î' nisliod'groy and sllvor diimnek, "singing-iu , " tho sweet voico of a hird" .?'; V'Turn,ïoçtiuio, turn" thy. wheel,.and lower (he ' pi-ond; ? 1 : . ?' Turn , thy wild wUecl through sunMhino, fitorm trna ; oloud; '. 'Thy whuel and thoo wo neither lava nor hato. "Turn, Fortuno, tum thy whoo! ¡¡with nimio und frown ! Witll that wilit wheel Wo go not up »or down ; Our hoard is' littlo.'lnit our heart': aro great. \- '* Smjlo mia wo smile, Hie lord* of many lunds ; , T?rown und wô^mile, tho loriln of our own hands ; l'or man is man «nd íniiHter of his l'utu. " Tum, turn th? wheel nhovo tho staring crowd ; ? Thy wheel and thou nrt shadows in tho olond ; Thy.whool und theo wo neither lovo nov hate.}1 Tiiero waa aomethia? inexpressibly tmioli-| ing in the way Gladys (javo tho words, wbich -'/hadsnob iijjnifiuaneo aJdreused lo those who listened so intently, that they nearly forgot to pay the tributo .wbieh all iiotors, Ilia gretitost, the least, desire, wbon the ourtuin dropped, and tho HOUR WHS dono. "A capital idea of Olivia's, and beautifully carried out. This proraisoa to ba pleasant;" . and Helwj'za sut oi'oct upon tho divan, where. Cannris;eatna to-loungo bwiirto bim. -' " Which oonioa next ? I don't rooiombor. II. it is Yivion,vthajr will have to skip it, .unless.thay call you in foi- Merlin," ho said, i talking gnily, beoauso. n. littlo oonaoionoB . stricken by the look Gladys wore, aa she . Bung, with hór oyeá upon biol, ,', Ourhoardis littlc/but oiu-heaits nroercnt.". w, Thoy; will not .want a Merlin ; for Gladys ; obuld.not' ¿ot Vivien, if sba would," hnswbrod '?>V,':''Sol-*j'ze, tapping restlessly' as he waitod. i." She4s»iil,»1ie could do ' anytïiing' to i "' . night ; arid, upon^my life, sbo looked as if iv,';, sho might oveu bap-uiloyoiij 'mighty master,'. IV bf yonr strongest spoil." - i.HV " She will nover try."; fi Vii But both wero mistaken ; for, when they ?^.looked agaiD, tho dim light" showed a. dark ráj «nd hooded shape, with glittering eyes and . the semblance of a' ilowing, hoary beard, leaning half-hidden in a bower of tall shrubs \\-from the conservatory. It was Olivia, aa Merlin; and; being7 of noble ' proportions, | she looked tho part : oxeellently. Upon tho wizard's knee sat Vivien, " Ä twist of gold wns round lier hair ; A robo of snmito without price, that moi-ccxprcst Than hui her, ohing about her lisnomo limbs, Zn colour Uko tito satiU'Shining palm On swallows in tho windy gleams of Morell." ?/! In . any othor mood, Gladys would nover [ havo consented'to "bo loosely:olnd in a groat j. îuantlo .of some Indian fubria, which, shim I mered liko/iwovoii light,' with its altornato I stripes of g'oldrooverod silk and softest wool. } Shoulders und'arms showed rosy white under t;- tho veil' of hair .which swoptto her knee, as .j > she ohing there, singing sweot and low, with (.-.eyes on. Merlin's face, lips neitr his ówn, : and j ?.head upon Jitis breast :-r~ " f -."IriLdvojif Lovo boljovc, if Love bo ours 1'aith and unfaith'cou ne'er bo «niulpowcra ' X'tpMaiWtt'áaght.is.'nniit of .faith in di. : ItistíloÜ^ . iThotby and by will make tho music mute, And cyowidoning-, slowly «¡lonco nll.~< , ~ ' . Or littlo-plttod Bjioolt in (fnmor'd fruit, . (That, rottingtoward, slowly maulas» all. > "It is not worth tho Itoeniusr : lot it go : . : .'But »bull it 1 , Answer, umllufr, answer ' No ;* ' . ^, Arid trust mo not nt all or all in all." ' There; Gladys seemed to forgot her part, y ;and, turning, strotchod her arms towards her husband, "as if in musio she had found a : jrosturo recoiled to her that other verso willoh | JVivion added to "her song; and somothing impelled hoi- to sing it,, standing erect, with foco, figuro, voieo all trembling, with tho strong emotion that suddenly oontrollod 1er:- ? . '?. . .?' '. . " My name, once minc, now thino, is closolier minc, Por fame, could fmno bo mino, that fumo wcro thine ; And shame, could bhamo bo tliino,,thut shanie wcro minc; .: -So trust ino not at all or nil in all."-\ . - : Down foll tho curtain there, and tho two men looked at ono ano thor in silence for an instant, ds/.zled, troublodj and surprised ; for in. this brilliant, impassioned oreaturo- thoy: ? did not recogniflo tho Gladys thoy "believed they know BO woll. . , ' ' ' What possessod. her to sing that P Shp is so unliko hersolf, I do not know hor,",said -Canaris, excited by tho' discoveries ,he<wos malring. " She is inspired to-night ; so bo propared .for anything. Theso women will work wondon), for they aro aoting to tho mon thoy .love," answered Holwyzo, warily, yet ex cited also ; because, for him, a double drama . was pnesing on that little stage, and ho . found it marvellously fascinating. "I never knowhow beautiful slid was!" mused Canaris, liiüf aloud, his oyes upon tho bluo draperies,which hid hor from his sight. " You nover nnW lier in snell gear.before. Splendour .nuits hor present mood, ns woll as .simplioity becomes her usual self-restraint. You have mudo her jealous, and your angel will provo hersolf a woninn, nitor all." " ls that, the cauoo of this sudden chango In her ? Then I don't regret playing truant, ?for tho woman ouitn mo botter than tho . anpol," cried Cinarin, cnnnelouB that tho '.pale nffcotion ho had borun his wife BO long waa already glowing with new warmth and Dolour, In aplin of bia ni/eniing ncjrleot. "Wait till you eoo Olivia OB Guinevere. I »know alie cannot realst that part, nod I snspeot che in willing to efface herself go fat that, she (any take us by storm by and by." . Helwyza prophesied truly ; and, when next the curtain« parted; the stately Queer sat in th« nunnery nf Almesbury,-witb/thf little novice at her feet. , Olivia waa Tight splendid now, for her sumptuous? beaut] well became tho costly staffa,iii which she hud draped herself with the graoeful art of a woman whoso physical loveliness washer beal possession. A -trifle too gorgeous, perhaps, for the' Trepontant Guinevere; but a moat grand and . gracious spectacle, nevertheless, an «he leanödlö? the tall carved chair, ' with jewelled arms lyiug languidly across her lap, and Abep.at oyea »till lull of love and longing for loBt L iuncelot. , . i "Gladys, in whlto wimple and close-folded gown of grey, sat on a stool beside tho "one low light," bumming softly, her rosary fallen at her feet,- _ " tho Queen looked up, and i aid, ' 10 maiden, il' indeed you list to sing, Sing, and unbind my hciu-t, tlint I may weep.' AYheroatf idl wiUingly sujig t&o; Uttlo maid, ï^itc, Into, so Into ! and dark tho night, and chill i XÀte, late, so lato I but we cnn enter still. Too late! too lato! yo cannot enter now. '"' No light lind we : for that wo do repent, And, learning Uns, tho bridegroom «rill relents Too luto ! too lute ! ye cannot enter now. "-. , No light, KO lato ! and dark and Chill tho night 1 O let us in, tluit wo may lind tho light 1 ; Too lute ! too Into ! yo cannot enter now. Hayo wo not hearà tiio bridegroom is so sweet? O Ictus in, tho* lute, to hiss lu's fucfcl ' '?' No, no, too lute Î ya cuunol outer now." ? Slowly th« proud head had drooped, the stately figure auuk, till, ns the last lamont died away, nothing remained of splendid Guiuovero but H. bidden face, a cloud bf black bair from which the crown had fallen, a hesp of rich robes quivering with the stormy sob« of r. guilty woman's smittcu nenrt. Tho oartnms cloded on thia Uiblonti, which was mmlo tho inure effective by th« ' ilfttOi^C-'Dtr.i'.L between tho despairing Queen B^^'âjpbWfc, novice telling luro^icada ia m marca X3*Üi$il ft^&mte;** fctofoMWi hi« rute pr,i tctt>i^Wia$t Ütttfa o i IWnW «sorted over bim u.u ..ImóWpaJuiltil power. " It you Icimw any, nuceict tl ri wy whoso I oyeo now glittered with something stronger 1 tbau excitomeat. " I do ; CUdya taught mo, and I um not ashamed to o iva it." " Muon good may it do yon." Then, in a quieter tono, lift naked, " Is thor« auy cong iu ' EUiue ï; I forgot ; und that ia tho only ono wo bnvo not had." " Thew ia 1 Tho Song of Love and Death.' Gladys wa» lea« tiing it lately ; lind, if I remera bor lightly, it was lienrs-rendiag. I hopa she will not sing it, for thia sort of thing ia rather too much. for mc-;-' and Canaris got up lo wander aimlessly about, hutnuiiug tho | g.ijest aita he know, aa if to drown thu sorrowful "Too late I too late !"'still wailing" in hin ß,ir. ....-.'. By thiamine Gladys wan no longer quito heríclf : nu inward cxcitemunt poEseaaed lier, a wild desire'to Bing her very .heart out caine over her.nud a strange chill, which ehe thought u vague presoutimeut bf coining ill, crept- through her blood. Everything aeemed vast and awful ;? every eimao grew painfully acute ; und she walked an ill ft drouin, ao vivid, yet so myatorioun, that she did not try to ex plain it even to herself. Her identityvwua itloublecl : ono Gladys moved andepoko ufi she waa told-a palo, dim figure; o£ no interest to anyone ; the other WOB alive in evory fibre, thrilled with intenso desire for something, mid bent on finding, it; though, de'BertB, oceans, and boundless realms of air were passed to gain it. >. Olivia wondered at her unsuspected powert and felt a little envious »of-her enchanting gift. But she-was too absorbed in " setting the Btngo," dressing her priam donna, and planning how to end the spectacle with her favourite character of Cleopatra, to do more than observe that Gladys's eyes wui-u lumin ous and lirgo, her face growing more and more colourless, her.manner leas and leas excited, yet unnaturally calm. "This ia the last, and you have the stage alone. Do your beat for Felix ; then you Undi rest and be thanked," abo whispered, somewhat anxiously, aa she placed Elaine in her tower, leaning against the dark ecreon, which waa unfolded, to "suggest the casement she flung back bwhen Luuncelot passed below " And glanced not up, nor wuved Iiis hand, Nor bade farewell, but Badly rode away." Tho " lily maid of Astolat" could not have looked more wan and weird thau Gladys,' aa' abo stood in her trailing robes of dead white, with' loosely gathered locks, hands clasped over the gay biPof. tapestry which simulated tho covor of tho shield, eyes that'.seemed to aee something Invisible to those., about her,* and began hor song, in a veiled voicu, at once so sad and nolemu, that Kélwyza held his breath, and Ganaría felt as if she culled him from beyond the grave : " Swoot'is ti-uo love, tho* given ia vain, in vain ; And »weet ia death, who puta on end to pain ; I know not which is sweeter, no, not I. love, art thou »weet 1 then bitter death must bo ; ' Ijovc, thou art bitter ; sweet is douth to ino. 0 love, if death be sweeter, let mo die.- ! Sweot lovo, that «ecrus not mada to fado away, Sweet death, that seems to make us-loveless clay, . 1 know not which is sweeter, no, not I, I fain -would follow lovo, if that could bo ; I needs must foUow death, who calls for mo : Coll and I follow, I follow I lotmodio!" Carried beyond self-control by tho unsus pected presence of the drug, which was doing its work with perilous rapidity, Gladys, remembering only that the last Una should be sung with force, and that she sung for Felix, obeyed' the wild impulso to lot her' voice rise and ring out with a shrill, despair ing power und passion, which startled every listener, and echoed through tho room like Elaine's unearthly cry of hapless love and death.. Olivia dropped her asp, terrified ; the maids stared, uncertain whether it waa acting or insanity; and Hölwjze Bpmng up. aghast, foaring that bo had dared too muoh. 'But Canaria, seeing only the wild, woful ¿yea fixed on his, the hands wrung as.if in pain, forgot everything but Gladys, and rushed between the curtains, exclaiming, la real terror-r ', '.Don't look, so! Don't sing sot My God, abe ia dying 1" .Not dying, only slipping fast into tho unconscious stage of the hasheesh dream, I whose coming none can forotell but those aocoatomed to UB uso. Pale and quiet she lay in her husband's arma, with hulf- open eyea and fluttering breath, smiling up at him ao strangely that ho waa bewildered na well ns pania-Btrlcken. Olivia forgot her Cleo pa tra to order air and water ; tho maida flew for salts and wine ; Holwyze, with difficulty, hld his momentary dismay ; while Canaris, almost beside himself, could only hang over the couoh whore lay " the llly-mnid," looking aa if alroady dead, and drifting dowu to Camelot. " Gladys, do you know me ?" ho cried, na a little colour carno to her lips niter tho fiery draught Olivi* energetically administered. Tho eyes opened wider, the smile grow brighter, and »ho lifted her hnnd to bring him nenror, for ho seemed immeasurably distant. "FelixI Lot me ba still, quit« still; I waut to sleep. Good-night, good- night." She thought aha kissed bim ; then his fae o receded, vanished, «nd,; as phe floated bimy autly away upon the first of the many oceans to be crossed in her mysterious quest, a far off voice Beetned to say, solemnly, as if in a last farewell " Hush ! let her sleep in peace." It was Helwyze; and, having - felt her pulse, he cheerfully aesurod them- all that she was only over-excited, must rest an hour or two, and would soon be quito herself again. - So the brief panic ended quietly ; nod having lowered the lights, spread Guinevere's velvet mantle over her, and reassured themselves that she waa sleeping quietly, the women went to restore order to ante-room and hall. Canaris sat down to watch beside Gladys, nnd Helwyze betook himse)f to the library. \ "Ia. abe still sleeping?" he naked, with, nnooncealable anxiety,, when Olivia joined him there. . ' . " Like a baby. What a high strung little thing it is. If sha had strength to bear the training, she would make a cantatrice to be proud of, Jasper." "Ah, but she never would! Fancy that modest créature on a Btago for all the world to gape at. - She was happiest ia the nun's cowa to-niitht, though simply, ravishing as Vivien. .The pretty, bare feet' were moat effective; but how did.you perauiido her to it?" ?" . '...' - "I had no sandal* as a compromise: I therefore insisted that the part must be so dressed .or undresBod, and soo submitted. People usually do, when I command." ? , "Sho'waa.on her mettle : I could seo that ; and well she might be, with you for a rival.. I give you ruy f ord, Olivia, if I did not know you wore ; nearly forty, I should swear it was a lie ; for ' ago cftnnot wither nor oustom stale' my handsome Cleopatra. Wa ought to baveSuid that, by tho by : It used to be your befSBfait. I could not be your Antony, but Folix^might. bo adores costuming, and would do it capitally." "Not old enough. Ahl whathappy times those were ;" and Olivia sighed sincerely, yet dramatically, for she knew ehe waa looking .wonderfully well, thrown down upou'a oouch, H*ith her purple skirts sweeping about her, nrms bunded with gold clasped id. t,fluttered with a purpose. , Gladys might botrny ?(e yet ; though lind succeeded nd ayr exciton help, Vint sentimental said. cárélBb^y.- ^'»*f-l *. If ull obey wbeu you Felis go home with you, Th#S$H5 him ?good, for ho is as nervous iu?^ and I shall hayo him fidgeting uVout alfrfrgMg unlc'B he forgets his fright," But Gladys ?" " She will bo the bettor for a quiet nop. iiu5 ready, by tho *ime he returns, to laugh at her heroics. Ho will only disturb her if ho aita there, like a mournor at a death-bed." " That sounds sensible and friendly, »nd you do it very well, Jasper ; but I am impressed that some thing ie amiss. What is it? Butter tell mo; I shall surely find it out, nud will cot work in 'the dink. I see mischief in your eyes, and you cannot deceive me." . Olivia spoke half in -jest ; but she had so often seen his face "without, a mask, that it was difficult to wear one ia her presence. Hs frowned, hesitated, then fearing she woold refuse tho favour, if ho witheld the secret, he leaned towards hör und. answered in a, whisper- ? . "T gave Gladys hasheesh; and do not care to have Felix know it." v " Jasper I how dared you ?" jjfc :. " She was restless, Buffering tor sleep. I know what that is, mid out of pity gave her the merest taste. Upon my honour, no moro than a, child might safely take. Sho did not know what it was, and I thought she would only feel its soothing charm. She would, if it had not. been for this masquerading. I did not count on that, and it was too much for her." \ "Will she notauffer from tba after-effects'?' "Kata whit, if ehe la let alone. An hour hence Bhe will bo deliciously drowsy, and to-morrow hone the worse. I had no idea it would affect her so powerfully ; but I do not' roget it, for it showed what the woman ie ¿»pablo of." _ . "'! At your old tricks. You will never learn to let your fellow-creatures alone, till some thing terrible stops you. You were always prying into things, even ns a boy, when I caught butterflies for you to look nt." j f. I never killed them,: only brushed off a tritio of the gloss by my touch, and let thom go again, none the worse, except for the losa of a few invisible feathers." "Ahr but that .delicate plumage is the glory of tho insect; robbed of that, its beauty is marred. . Kai one but th«ir Maker eon search hearts without harming them. I wonder how it will fare with yours when. He looks for its perfection ?" Olivia «poke with a sudden seriousness, a yearning look, which jarred on nerves already somewhat unstrung, and Helwyze answered in n mocking tono that silenced her effect ually- _ ' ? A VI am desporatnly carious to know. If. I can come and tell you, I will : Buch pious interest deserves that attention.". " Heaven forbid 1" ejaculated Olivia, with a shiver. . .. '"".-..'. . " Then I will not. I have been such a poor ghost here, I suspect I Bhnll be glad to rest eternally when I once fall asleep, if I can." .Weary waa his voice, weary his attitude; as, loaning an elbow on either knee, ho propped his chin upon his hands, and sat brooding for a moment with hia eyes upon tho ground, asking, himself for the tbou^dth time the great question whioh only hope ¿nd fnith can answer truly. V -. Olivia roBe. V You are tired ; BO am I. Good-night, Jaaper, and pleasant dreams. Birt: remember, no - more tnmpering with Gladys, or I must tell her husband." ' " 1 have had my leeson. Take Felix with you, and I will send Mrs. Bland to sit with her till he comes book. Good-night, my cousin ; thanks for a glimpse of the old times." Such words, uttered with a pressure of the hand, conquered Olivia's last scruple, aud she went awuy to prefer her request in a form which made itimpoaBible for Canaris to refute. Gladys still »lopt quietly. The distance was not long, the fresh air grateful, Olivia her -kindest self, and he obeyed, believing that tho motherly old woman would take his place ns Boon na certain house wifely duties pormitted. Then Helwyze did an evil thing-a thing few men could or wtmld have dono. Ho deliberately violated tba sanctity of a human, aoul, robbing it nllko of ita most secret and most precious thoughts. Haaheosh had lulled tho Bunses which guarded tho treasure ; now the mngnetiBm of a potent will force tho reluctant lips to givo up the key. Like a thief he atole to Gladys' ride, took in his tho dimpled hauda whoso very child ishness should havo pleaded for her, and flxed.his oyes upon the faco before him, un touched by ita helpless innocence, its un natural expression. Tho half-open eyes were heavy aa dow-drunken violets, the sweet red 1 mouth waa sot, tho agitated bosom still roso and fell, like a troubled eea subsiding after storm. So sitting, stern and silent as the fate he believed In, Helwyze concentrated evory power upon tho accomplishment of the ÍmrpoKo to whioh ho bent bia will. He called t psychological curiosity; for not even to himself did he dare confess the true meaning of the impiiloH which drove bim to this »ct, and dearly did he pay for it. Soon tim passive palms thrilled in his own', the breath came faint and slow, colour died, and life seemed to recede from the count enance, leaving a pale effigy of the woman ; lately SD fall of vitality. " It works 1 it works !" muttered Helwyze lifting his head at length to wipe the dampness from his brow, and send a piercing glance about the shadowy room. Then, kneeling down beside the couch, he put his lips to her oar, whisper ing in a tone of still command " Glady«, do you' hear me ?" Like the . echo of a voioe, so low, exprès aionlesa, and distant waa it, the answer came- ? " I hear." " Will you answer me ?" ' "I must." " You have a sorrow-tell it." "All ia so false. I am unhappy.without confidence," Bighed the voice. " Can you trust no one ?" -? " No one hore, hut Felix." . "Yet he deceives, he does not-love you." «He will." ' " Ta thia the hope which sustains you ?" "Yea." * ' 1 ? " And you forgive, you love him still?" " Always." . .." "IEthe hope fails?" "It will not: I shall have help." " What llelp t" < V No answer now, but tho shadow of a smile soomed to float across the silent lips us if re flected from' a joy too deep and tender for speech to tell. "Speak! what is this happiness? The hope of freedom ?" " It will come." " How ?" "Wheu you die." He caught his breath, and for an instant scorned daunted by the truth he had evoked; for it waa terrible, BO told, ao -heard. * ^ " You hate me, then ?" he whisptred almost fiercely, in the ear that never shrank from bia hot lips. " I doubt and dread you." ? " Why, Gladys,' why ? To you I am not oruol." '¡.Too kind, alan, too kind !" I " And yet you fear run ?" I " God help us. Yes." " What is your fear ?" j i " No, no, I will not tell it !" Some inward throe of shame or anguish turned tho pale taco paler, knotted the brow, and locked the lips, as if both soul and body lfi.SlsgltP<1 from tho thought thus ruthlessly i;^ft§gptL.U¡ light. Instinct, the first, Inst, iMr^^9Í(b^'<niDulse of human nature, struggled I .biindlyi!«Ji«-v^thsiiW0"ian frota betraying tho ! ^r&d-;^wb^ hatmt#diker-heart liku a spectre, ''imdip'uina]^^ of its nam d:"-'ulutóHeteyae!^» ^i^asft'W8 will ñiclomitRbloT'Wio^fc»!^ hicyu"» commanâeÂjÂ'mltÂ*~!^T#&w;»f BO reluctant,' v, so inaudlbls^thattteitasä^fcft*' divine, not heav ÍK. ' ''«trfvltto " What fear ?" "'"?- tilÓSor ' "Yourlove." '-4f . " You see, you know it, tuen ?" " I do not Bee, I vaguely feel ; I pray God I may never know." With the involuntary recoil ot a guilty joy,"' a shame as groat, Helwyze dropped tho nerveless bands, turned from the mutely accusing face, let the troubled epirit rest, and asked no more. But his punishment began as he stood there, finding the stolen truth a heavier burden than baffled doubt or. desire bad. been; since forbidden knowledge was bitter to tho taste, forbidden love possessed no sweetness, and the hidden hope, j putting off ita well-worn disguise, confronted him in all its ugliness, i An aweaomo ailenco died the room, until he.lifted up his eyes, and looked at Gladys with a look whioh would have wrung har heart could she have seeu it. She did not see ; for ¿he lay there so still, so white, no dead, he seemed to have scared away the soul he had vexed with hie impious questioning. In remorseful haste, Helwyze buaied him self about her, till she woke from that sleep within a sleep, moaned wearily, dose i the unseeing eyoa, and' drifted away into more natural slumber, droam-hauuted,. but deep and quiet. Then he stole away as he had come, and, seuding the old woman to watch Gladys, shut himself into his own room, to keep a vigil whioh lasted until dawn ; for all the poppies of the East could not have brought oblivion that night. 