Within thu hist hundred yonrs a "Snnthornor" np ponied in Queensland with n mob of horned, grand iooking horses tlioy Moro too, mid fut ns nhlcrinen, Tliu " Southerner " was n young man witli a mnilo that is cliildlilio and bland, mid would hava pnssod as a salaried Siinday-sohool teacher, so »oft nod innocent mid plausible ivan his Bacchnrinnccniia voice. Fabulous sinus woro odored in globo for tho mob of horses, and nno merchant who oirorod a largo amount for tho lot lins said a prayer nf thanksgiving throe times daily since that his oller wns not nceoptod. So these splen- did steeds woro sold hy auction mid realised very lino ligures, botter ligures tlinn tiloso of tho hornos whon the fut wns oil' them ; mid uftor settling up with nil purchasers, tho bland youth wns fur on his return journey tho following morning-. In thrco days there WUB a howl of execration all nvor tho town, and tho owners of tho "grand horRcs" wera prioing re- volveT and central lire swedgo sholl cartridges. Pos- sibly they wanted to givo tho 44 Southerner " a bnnipiut and liro a grnnd salute on his departure, giving him tho cartridges to carry away with him concealed in various parta nf his anatomy. Ono 44 grand horso" workod for half a day and thou gnvo up tho ghost-work not agreeing with him. In two days another "grand horso" "hopped tho twig" mid tlina deported nomo seventy ponnda sterling. It appears, work was not suitod to tho constitution of nny of them. Thou thoro was n 44 grand mulo," a nniilo looking animal, with oars as long as- na long ns-woll, any ns long ns a mule's just to avoid per- sonalities: and n lot of Ipswich citizens felt such n, mud doairo to possess that nubia high-bred mulo-hy Von Miguel ont of Infanta- that they felt that lifo would simply bon blank to thom if they allowed him to go Ono man bought thia nollie beast and boro him away in triumph amid a hundred envious glaucos. Ho afterwards was sold to a confiding llriahauoito, to whom bo was guaranteed rpiiot mid meek ns a dovo, carry a lady, n little child or an old mun, run in a buggy mid turn n sowing-mnchino ; in fact, i rare mid priceless animal ; but nftor hu lind discharged his I i rat rider half-way to ono of tho (ixod stars and mudo n too successful attempt to provo tho pliability of his bind legs on incautious spectators, he was restored to bia previous owner aa a mulo much too good to ho used for nny other purpnso thnn nn oninmont. Tho buyer of ono 44grand horso" anld him to an- other confiding llrisbanoito ns n rnro animal in aaihllo or harness, but nftor thia splendid I'oainnnto had re- duced ii spring-cart to lino sawdust and exorcised his hind legs on tho yielding Btonincb nf his groom, ho too wns returned to his owuci* ns a noblo beast only suited for exhibition purposes. Tho owner of n pair of thoso 44grand horses " found one of them subject to sciatica and gout, which prevented him from doing moro than nu hour's work por day. Thu fnot is, tho buyer hadn't boen accustomed to such grnnd horsos mid didn't understand them, Thoy lind been used to hor3c3 fed on il common diot of corn or grasa whereas r.heso 44grand horsos" wcro fattened un molasses. Tho Southerner carno from aomo locality whoro troaclo was in ahmidnuen, and ho fattened up a lot of ancient steeds and got a beautiful gloss on their skins and a plumpness of body thnt wns bountiful tn look upon, and then said : 44 T.o ! I will atart forQiioniialniid and introducá a superior breed of horses 1" Ho eamef ho saw, ho anld ! Ono buyer said his horso ia only amass of animated molasses, mid Hint n pig nearly licked ono of his legs off when ho wns asleep. Ho Rays tho stable smells liku n sugar-mill or n molnases tunk. It is said thnt if the 44 Southerner " comes over with any moro mntnsscR-fcd "grand horses." tho original buyers in- tend boiling him mid tho steeds down into treacle tofl'y. Wc beliovo tho owner of tho mulo could ho induced tn part with him for a trillo lindar four hun- dred pounds. 