THE MYSTERIES OE CRIME; OE, The Experiences oe an Edinburgh Detectiye.—No. LXXI. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] THE HORSE WYND FIRE. I have now given some of the most striking of the cases occurring during the Ruffian's enforced nine month's seclusion, and must now notice the first crime of this pest to human kind upon his release. "What that crime was—if the reader has not already anticipated its nature—may be gleaned from the title to this sketch. " Hugh Mclndoe, when I am free I will burn you alive!" had been his last words when led off to prison; and as the Ruffian was an uncommon criminal, it was not likely that the vow would lie forgotten. The most dangerous of wild beasts—the most ferocious of wild elephants, as every body knows, are those who live alone, in silence and solitude, quite apart from the herd—and in a human aspect of things, it was exactly so with the Ruffian. He was a shadow—saw no one—conversed \yith no one—and showed nothing of the aims and aspirations . working in his brain but his wolfish ferocity when crossed and his greed for money. The rest, to outsiders was a blank. The position of the characters at this point must be pretty clearly before the reader—the Ruffian imprisoned through the untiring exertions of Mclndoe, and breathing out a vengeance in his last mo ments of liberty, that seemed at the time to me like a blast from hell—Mclndoe, ex hausted by the one-consuming passion, and lying, to all appearance, near death's door, with Nosie Mincher watching and tending him with the tenderness of a mother and the vigilance of a father—and, lastly, Simon Penbank, flitting between and around them all like a bird of prey—living as best he could, and generally true to the leading principle of his life—comfortable villany, with the least possible personal risk. Thus they stood when the Ruffian was set at liberty. Curious to know as much of our friend's plan for the future as was likely to be indicated by his movements, we had him watched, and fairly breathed a sigh of relief when he took the train for Glasgow. We might have known better. The journey was a mere blind. Common sense' and ordinary experience might have taught us that the Ruffian being a shadow, whom we had rudely dragged into the light of day,, his first object would he to again ensconce himself behind a cloud, whence he' could work in security and comfort. The police in Glasgow were duly apprised of the valuable acquisition to their society, and notified his arrival in return, hut after a few days they reported his sudden dis appearance. He was gone—leaving not a trace behind; and we naturally looked for him in Edinburgh. Here again we were hasty. It was believed that in different hides over the country the Ruffian possessed money—money which he only touched under circumstances of the greatest extremity'; and when we found no traces of his presence among any of the thieves' dens or the thieves themselves, we were rasli, .therefore, to conclude him absent. He was almost wealthy, and, when goaded 011 by the desire for vengeance, could afford to live for months or even years in idleness. But, if rich, it maybe asked, why did he not retire ? Why, indeed ? Why does the unwary traveller not stop when the jack o'-lantern has lured him the first step into the marsh that swallows him ? Why does the moth continue to dive frantically at the candle-light which is to scorch the life out of it ? Why does the gambler stake and stake, in his desperation and excitement, till all his wealth is gone, and only an open grave yawns before him P Candidly, I don't know why—yet I know that these things are done; and thus the world, with its crimes and sins and sorrows, surges on wards towards eternity. " My dear friend, I must warn you," said Simon Penbank, who, in real terror, had taken his way up to Mclndoe's garret in the Horse Wynd to detail these facts to the sick man. " There is a report that the Ruf fian intends forming a new gang, with him self as leader, and shrouded even more effectually than before from danger." " Good! then there is work for me in the world yet," cried Mclndoe, flushing up, and raising himself on his elbow, with the Id fire gleaming in his eyes. "I'm not yet to die." " To die!" echoed Penbank, in real alarm. "For God's sake do not speak of such a thing. You are wanted on earth—impera tively wanted. There is danger—a terrible danger—and to me ! Let me entreat you to rouse yourself—think of all your wrongs, and the monster who created them moving about in freedom—and let nothing deter you from again landing him in prison. Then, and then only, can I be safe. He will probably begin with you—he may even succeed in accomplishing your death—what then ? To you that is nothing. The dive calamity comes when he turns his attention to me. Alas ! wh}r am I ever doomed to suffer for the crimes of others ? My dear Hughie, try to think—remember that' you are really all that stands between me and the horrible prospect of a deep and silent grave!" " Do not fear—I shall not die while the Ruffian lives," cried Mclndoe, taking no notice of the selfishness of his satellite. "The very thought that he is back to Edinburgh has given me fresh life." " I rejoice to hear it," replied Penbank, for once speaking the truth, and looking into the pale and sunken cheeks with a dawning of hope. " And I need not say that, till he is safely jugged again, you may command me in anything free of personal danger. Do you require a skilled medical man ? I am ready to fly to the other end of the city to summon his attendance. I have now a deep interest in your life and health; let me entreat you to prize and cherish these blessings to the utmost in your power. If ever, you were on your guard, be so now. The Ruffian will this time strike suddenly, and perhaps at a mo ment when you think yourself most secure. If he succeeds, I tremble for my own life. And this is the return for my kindness in helping criminals to their just deserts. Why cannot the cruel world let me alone P I seek no man's life, yet they seek mine and in his virtuous indignation Simon Pen bank brought his hand down with a ring ing thud on the table by the bedside. " Will you help me to trap him ?" shortly demanded Mclndoe, interrupting the smooth flow of words with a gesture of impatience. "Will a drowning man seize the out stretched hand, or the life-buoy that floats within his reach!" eagerlyreturnedPenbank. " The monster is not safe out of prison, terri fying peaceable old men like"me. Why the d—1 did they let him out ?" and his eye ran round the room with an aggrieved expression, as if he was demanding an answer from a listening and breathless world. "Ye'd better go and ast that outside," put in Nosie Mine her, "who had been watch ing his master's face, and now saw him sink back wearily and close his eyes. "I'll watch in the house, arid you keep yer eyes a-goin' outside, and then see if we don't have the best of it in the endand with a wink and a shove he landed Penbank on the wooden stair outside. . But at the very moment when this con- • versation took place a very singular accumulation was being made in the two rooms directly beneath Mclndoe's garret. The house, which was rickety and out of repair to an extent almost uninhabitable," had been let as a kind of workshop or store room to a tenant who was hardly ever : visible. A few of the neighbors did after- - wards assert that they saw the man—that ■ these glimpses were always obtained at night and generally in the darkness of the stair—that the man appeared very old, poor, and broken-down with infirmities— and that he always, without exception, carried under' his arm a leathern bag or valise. One even asserted that the "old" | man had dropped the bag in her hearing on the lower stone stair, and that it gave out a sound as if it had contained merely a bundle of sticks; and another distinctly testified to having noticed a strange odor, • ; like that of turpentine or naphtha, proceed ing from the two rooms; but, unfortunately, all these statements were riot made till long after the mischief had been done. And so, by little and by little, the two rooms were filled with cut sticks froiri the small leather- bag, and the whole well saturated f with turpentine and naphtha preparatory to' the Ruffian's grand finishing stroke. [ Mclndoe, of course, believed his enemy to be at that time at a safe distance from . himself, if indeed he was in the city at all, and in this, as I have to show presently, he was not so far wrong, for the Ruffian cer tainly did not reside in the two rooms. He used them steadily and unflinchingly for the one purpose in view—nothing more. As to his real whereabouts, one thing occurred just' at this time which might have ! given us a clue, but" it didn't. Out ' past the Lover's Loan there stood a self-contained house, enclosed in a garden, which, owing to some foolish • story about its being haunted, had remained • for two years empty and unlet; and one morning the policeman on this beat very • seriously reported that he had seen, not long before daybreak, an old, silvery-haired ; man glide round the outside of the house : and re-appear inside, clear arid distinct, against tbe moonlight. The apparition .1 only appeared for a moment, arid the wild ' imagination of the/policeman gave to it the : orthodox supernatural notion. ; It"-did . not r walk, he insisted, but' flitted without exer- " tion through the air'in a pensive manner, ak' if overcome with care or grief—-taking no notice of the petrified spectator. - The- man- ■' was well laughed at; but' the time after wards came when we were forced to admit that the laugh was more on his side than our own—that there was a ghost, and a good, solid one, too. One result sprang from the story — the house remained shunned and unlet, in spite of its many attractions, which, doubtless, was exactly what our ghost wanted. One hot, sultry night in August, a strange incident occurred which very nearly shook Mclnaoe's faith in his indefatigable apprentice, and at the same time forced upon Nosie the melancholy conviction that at last his benefactors mind was becoming unhinged. About seven o'clock Nosie entered the garret and asked permission to go to the theatre with an order that had been forced upon him by a bill-deliverer in the street. The request was very readily granted by the half-waking invalid, but then Mclndoe roused himself, put back the bed curtain from in front of his face, and quietly asked— " Why did you not answer me just now when I spoke to you V' "Answer ye?" cried Nosie, staring curiously into his master's widely-opened eyes. " Who do ye mean ? I never heard ye speak till now, and I'm this minute in." " I know you are, but I mean before— about ten minutes ago, when you came in " and walked out again." " Ten minutes ago ?—came in and walked out again?" echoed poor Nosie, quite aghast. " I haven't been near the place for an hour and a half." " That's a lie!" shouted Mclndoe, fiercely ' and hotly, starting up on his elbow and glaring into the tearful face of his appren tice. "Is it possible that you can lie to me ? I say you came into this room about ten minutes ago, and, after crossing the room and doing something here among my medicine bottles, you stole back across the floor like a thief, left the room, and softly closed the door without replying when I said,' Is that you, Nosie, lad ?'" " Oh, Hughie!" groaned poor Nosie, clasping his hands, with the tears standing thick in his eyes; " I'm an awful bad 'un and you've been very kind to me, and p'r'aps I sort o' deserve an awful whopping —strike me if ye like, but don't say that I'd try to deceive ye. I'm tryin' to pray at nights now, and spell through a bit of the Bible; but if I'm not tellin' ye the truth now, may God strike me dead afore ye. Somebody else might have been in, but it wasn't me." " Who else would have dared to enter my house ?" fiercely returned the reformed thief. " But never mind—it is what I must look for," he bitterly added; " treachery on every side. Would to God I was once more on my feet." Nosie softly retired to the window, where he sat down in silence, trying to stifle his sobs and wipe away the tears as imper ceptibly as possible. "Poor Hughie," he sighed, with a glance \- towards the stem figure sinking back in the bed, " he's givin' way at last. He'll go mad altogether p'r'raps, and then they'll want to take him away from me and shut him up in the asylum. Oh, dear, wot's to become o' me now ?" and another sniffle and dabble of tears followed the poor lad's reflection. There was silence for some minutes, and then Mclndoe, without opening his eyes or moving, said " Give me my medicine and go—perhaps you will wash the lie from your lips before you come in again. Well, well—I care not now how soon the end comes—it would be too much ever to expect peace now." To these bitter remarks Nosie made no reply, but crossed the room and poured out the medicine, which the other swallowed without a word. But the moment the glass was empty a glare of suspicion crossed the sick man's face—for an instant he sniffed at the empty glass, and then it was hurled with terrific force against the opposite wall and smashed into a thousand fragments. " Curse you! you've poisoned me 1" he shouted, making a vain attempt to seize the startled lad by the throat, and then sinking back with a groan of disappointment. " You've put something in it—I know you have. Out with the truth now—I'm not too ill to detect the taste of a new drugv" "Oh, Hughie, you're awful ill, or ye wouldn't speak to me like that," piteously replied Nosie. " Tell me, shall I go for the doctor, or read a bit to you, or sing ye a nice song, or do anything to make ye feel sort o' easy and soothed like ?" "Soothed like! you cursed traitor," gasped Mclndoe, sinking back, but keeping nis eyes fixed on his apprentice's face. " Get out of the house this instant—and don't come back unless you like. I'm tired of this," and so agitated and determined did he appear that for his sake Nosie took down his scrap of a cap and reluctantly retired. " I can't go to the theatre now," he sadly muttered to himself, as he descended the stairs with slow steps and a heavy heart. " I wish I knew what to do. If I could see M'Govan, p'r'aps he might tell me. He ain't afraid of mad uns, and knows how to speak soft and kind to them so as not to irritate them. I'll go and hunt him up, if he's in the town." While Nosie went wandering sadly over the town in the red gloaming, hoping to meet with me and get my advice, Mclndoe's suspicions and fears were on the increase. A dull insensibility or heavy drowsiness began to creep over his faculties, which no effort on his part could shake off. "I could swear there was opium or laudanum in that dose he gave me; I tasted it and smelt it the moment the glass had left my lips," he groaned, tossing about in bed in the vain attempt to keep his eyes open. "I cannot lie here any longer in suspense. My life is worth little, but it would be hard to die just as the Ruffian has regained his freedom. Perhaps he is at the bottom of this treachery. Out, out! I must breathe the fresh air or die.!" With a desperate effort he managed to throw himself over the bedside and crawl across the floor through the thickening gloom towards the door. But the door, when he raised himself to grasp the handle, resisted every effort he was capable of making, and he dropped back on the, floor with a curse and a groan. " It is fastened on the outside," he hazily muttered to himself, drawing his hand across his brow to try and clear the clouds from his brain. "Yet how can that be? The key hangs up in its usual place; Nosie did not pause a moment outside, and could not have done this. Am I really going mad, after all? Nosie looked as if he thought so. Is it really possible that some one else entered the room while he was out ? Another effort; no, it is roped in some way outside. I'll sleep now, ^ftfld when Nosie returns he 'will explain all;" and the rest of his strength was expended in the blind effort to crawl bac-k to bed; but before half the distance was accomplished he had dozed off into a heavy slumber. | Shortly after this, some one in a house in Argyle-square, looking down from one of the back windows, noticed a thick wreathing of smoke issuing from the win dows directly beneath Mclndoe's garret in the Horse Wynd below. It was then nearly dark, and the first impression of the discoverer was that the smoke was merely caused by a chimney being a-fire, and the windows having been thrown open to re lieve the rooms of smoke; but, after a few moments' steady watching, the red glow mounted and mounted in the windows, the smoke came belching forth in dense clouds, and finally a long fork of flame flew out and \ went lapping upwards on the walls to | wards the garret above; and then with a rush this one spectator was out and down the Wynd shouting out the alarm. ! Then ensued a scene of wild confusion. The place was densely populated, and | mostly by the poorer classes, and the mo ment the cry of fire went forth window after window in the immediate neiglibor I hood flew up, and that wild frenzy which invariably possesses such people at a fire caused a perfect shower of chairs, tables, beds, and every kind of furniture, to come crash ing down on the heads of the gathering crowd below, while screams, shouts, entrea ties, and curses rose in hoarse roar towards the dark sky above. " Fire! Fire! A house in the Horse Wynd on fire!" was the first intimation we received of the catastrophe from a breathless urchin; and at that moment it happened that Nosie Mincher and myself were standing at the mouth of the pend talking of Mclndoe and his strange con duct. The moment the cry fell on our ears, Nosie started back and slowly whitened to the roots of the hair before he could get his lips to move, and then gripping the messenger hard by the hand, he gasped out— " Where ab^uts is it ? Which side ?'' " The richt side—just under your gar ret," was the reply of the boy as the fire engine was trundled out, and he seized an end of the rope. "Iiin, man, rin! Ye may be in time to save something!" In time to save something—the words were like a death-knell to Nosie. " Oh, God ! Hughie is lost! Oh, sir! come with me, for McTndoe's sake !" and with these words screamed out, he was off like a shot, with me tearing along at his heels—down the close, along the Cowgate, and through the surging crowd gathered in the Horse Wynd. " Hugh Mclndoe is in the garret!' screamed Nosie, as he burst through to the \ front. " Hugh Mclndoe, the blacksmith— 'help me to save him, some of ye," and he would have dashed up the stair had not a dozen from the crowd, with myself among them, collared him, and held him back. " It's no use, Nosie," I shouted in great excitement in his ear, as he madly strug gled to throw us off. " The stair to the garret is a wooden one, and by this time in a blaze—if you try it at all it must be from above—you must get in from the roof." " A ladder, tlien—-where can we get one r —I know—come on, a dozen of you!" cried Nosie in a ringing shout, for the mo ment almost starting up to a semblance of a grown and experienced man. " A man in the garret to he saved! come on for the ladder!" and with a rush he was up the Wynd, .with half the crowd in his wake— policemen, laborers, boys, and even women —right up and along North College-street to a plasterer's yard, enclosed by a high wooden paling. The enclosure was six feet high if it was an inch, and smooth as a table, yet Nosie, with a lift from me, was up and over it like a monkey. There was no ask ing of leave, or running for keys—the great heavy ladder was tumbled down on the paling—over it swung—and was grasped by a dozen hands. Nosie came tumbling after it, and then with a ringing cry we were off again for the Wynd. The distance was not above a hundred yards—we went over it in a few seconds. A whoop and a whirl, and we were down through the parted crowd, the ladder was run up against the burning house, and in an instant Nosie, after tugging his cap down over his ears, ran up hand j over hand, with a fireman's axe in his teeth and two of the brigade following hard at his heels. A plunge into the surging smoke —a nimble run along the slates—and Nosie's right hand swung hack over his shoulder like a flash; and then smash, smash, went the hatchet at the glass and sash of the garret window. Then, grasping the hatchet in his teeth and seizing the under 1 sash of the window with both hands, with one desperate tug he had pulled it out wards, hurled it clattering over the roof behind him, and leaped into the room. Across the hot floor he went, choking and gasping—scorching his hands and knees— and desperately cramming his cap into his mouth as a respirator, straight for the bed —only to find it empty. " Hughie! Hugliie! Oh, God, where can he be ?" he shouted, in an agony of fear, and then the roar of flames creeping up the wooden stair without, and the suffocating smoke filling the room, drove him gasping backwards. In the- centre of the floor his head came bump against some thing soft; his hand ran over the prostrate form—his heart gave a joyful leap, and with a great cry he had raised Mclndoe's senseless form in his arms and staggered desperately to the window. The two tire man with outstretched arms received the limp frame of the blacksmith, and then one of them with a grasp at Nosie's hair caught the brave lad just as he was sinking back in the smoke; and then, as the two were borne forward to the edge of the roof, there rose from the throats of the human mass below; a hoarse yell of delight such as I have seldom heard since. " Hurrah! hurrah! The blacksmith is saved—Hughie Mclndoe's not dead yet; and the laddie> puir laddie, he's gie sair chokit, hut he's no deid either—hurrah! hurrah!" and thus they were borne along, from roof to roof, till an open hatch was reached, and they were carried by a dozen willing hands in an extemporised stretcher of blankets right up to the Police Office, where everv attention was paid to them, and where Slclndoe eveutually was roused out of his torpor only to wonder very much how he came to be there instead of in the garret where he had fallen asleep. But whenever Nosie voluhly explained the inci dents I have here detailed he first drew the lad close into Iris arms, with the tears creeping into liis eyes, and tlien became for some minutes deeply absorbed in thought. That the thoughts were not pleasant ones we could very speedily see, for his brow gradually darkened, and then he turned over in bed towards us, raised himself on his elbow, and then cried— " Curses on my dull head for not suspect ing it sooner! This is all the Ruffian's work." " Of course it is," readily returned Nosie; " and the villain must have been in the room while I was out and put something in your medicine—something wot made ye sleep so sound that ye conldn't have stirred a foot though the door hadn't been fastened up outside. But he didn't think there was a window," added the brave lad, with a chuckle of delight. " Nov he didu't think there was a Nosie Mincher that could run up a ladder and get ye out; and that can maybe run over the town and help to nab him for this night's work. Oh, no! he didn't think that," and then poor Nosie laughed and cried to his heart's content. Shortly after this Simon Penbank ap peared, pallid and trembling, arid was admitted to the room in which Mclndoe lay. He took off his tattered gloves with unwonted haste, and his hand, as with it he brushed the worn pile of his old hat, shook as if he had been seized with a fit(of ague. " Good God, Hughie, you have had a narrow escape!" he began, after giving the thin hand of his patron a dignified shake. " He has begun with a vengeance, and who can tell where it will end ?" " Then you think it is the Ruffian's work ?" eagerly demanded Mclndoe. " Think ? The word is weak—inappro priate—useless. I know it. I saw the Ruffian to-night." " Saw him! Where ? When ?" "In Bank-street, buying a new carpet bag, at precisely the hour that your house must have been taking fire." " Not exactly at the hour," feverishly put in Mclndoe. " Don't say that, Pen bank, for it'll be as good as au alibi to him." "I must say it unless I tell a lie," was the wonderfully conscientious reply; " but that would be nothing—if he is at the bottom of the fire he might have laid a slow train, which would only ignite hours after he left the place. Such a thing has been repeatedly detected in cases of arson. Or he might have employed a second, or third, or even fourth band, as an agent, and I needscarcely remind you that this used to be his favorite mode of conducting business. But, to leave these speculations, note the circumstances of the new carpet bay. What does it imply ? What idea does it convey most swiftly to 3'our mind ? I see the answer on your lips— a journey." " He means a bolt," put in Nosie, with great excitement. " We'd better nab him quick, or he'll vanish. "Better! better!" echoed Penbank, with a wildly anxious look; we must! My life depends upon it—he may kill me!" and he mopped real, cold perspiration from his white temples. " He has made the place hot for himself—don't laugh, you fools, for I don't mean it for a joke—and now he will be off, bag and all, with some of the early trains. But it will only be for a while. He will slip back, unknown and unseen, and there will be another attempt at murder." "Yes, and then the papers will put at the top of the account of yer death, 'For tunate occurrence !'" gravely remarked Nosie. " Where did he go to P" put in Mclndoe, rebuking his apprentice with a flash of the eye. " Did he know he was seen ?" " He did not," exultingly returned' Pen hank. " I flatter myself that no one whom I notice is cognisant of the fact. He went straight across George IV.'s Bridge, down the Meadow Walk, and appeared to be making for Lover's Loan, when he sud denly changed his mind and walked off towards the Causeway side, where I lost him." " Exactly," grimly put in Mclndoe; '• when he changed his mind he had de tected you following him, and went off in the other direction to shake you off. There is nothing for it that I see but to watch the railway stations and Leith Docks, and stop every suspicious passenger. The bag may be a clue to his identity.; for, early though it may he, he will, most likely, be disguised or wrapped up beyond recognition. You will help the police to the utmost of your ability, Penbank ? I can pay you for it yet; for I am not yet done with life, nor thief-hunting either." " My dear friend, I will fly to do your bidding," fervently responded the. seedy spy. " My heart is in the work; and if my talented friend Jamie here will but lend me one of the invaluable pistols which I have already had the honor to use, and will carefully charge the same with powder and ball before my eyes, I will even be one of the watching party at the station." " Coward, as usual," groaned Mclndoe, with a scowl. " As usual," emphatically repeated Pen bank, with a look of elation and pleasure. " Others change with time—the very aspects of the sun and moon appear diffe rent at times—but Simon Penbank ever presents to the world the same serene and unruffled front—ever shrinks back from real and tangible danger, and " " That'll do," cried Nosie, suddenly put ting a dirty paw over the glib lips. " Load the barker, and let's set out at once. While you patter away the Ruffian may he es caping." "He will probably take the most un likely station," .put in Mclndoe. "He be lieves in doing everything boldly; so, watch the Waverley most closely, and he prepared for a great change in his appear ance." " He won't deceive me," emphatically re marked Nosie. " I'd know him through a hundred blinders!" A few hours after these arrangements were made, McSweeny and I, who had taken up our position at the Caledonian Station in the Lothian-road, received an imperatixe message to come along to the Waverley at once. We leaped into the cab that had brought the man, and were carried along in a few minutes ; and there we were received by Nosie and Penbank with great caution and sundry mysterious winks. A suspected man—dressed in a navvy's mole skins, and carrying in one hand a new carpet-hag and under the other arm a well worn spade—had just taken his place in a third-class carriage of the train for Fife and the North. Penbank was dubious, but Nosie was confident. " It's the Ruffian—I know it's the Ruf fian," he earnestly pleaded. " It's the cap drawn down over liis ears and that red ; cravat that hides his chin that disguises his face. Look at his nose, too—he can' screw up his face and cheeks, but he can't hide his nose." This hurried consultation took place in j one of the waiting-rooms, and then, after giving orders not to let the train start for a! few minutes, we went out one' by one to get a look at the suspected passenger. McSweeny was completely deceived— Penbank was little better—I was doubtful; but Nosie soon solved the mystery in a fashion both rough and ready. I saw him whisper a moment with Penbank, receive something from his breast pocket, and then he opened the door of the adjoining com partment, whispering back— "I'll soon let ye see his face, if that's all ye need." " For God's sake, Nosie, be careful!" I cried; " it may be the wrong man, and you may land us in a mess." The next instant Nosie was in the car riage and had leaped up on the seat, leant over the wooden partition at the back of the " navvy," snatched the cap with a wrench from his head, dragged the unmis takable face of the Ruffian out of the red cravat, and clapped the muzzle of my pistol hard against his ear. "Move an inch and I pull the trigger!" shouted the brave boy. " Iloorah! here Jamie, Barney, Penbank!' get the darbies on his wrists. Mclndoe's not dead, nor injured in the least, but you're nabbed!" So paralysed was the trapped villain by the sudden and strange attack, that we swarmed in unheeded at the door of his own compartment and handcuffed him and led him out before he could utter one word in reply. Simon Penbank divided his time between dancing, hugging Nosie with exuberant and fatherly affection, and gloatingly rubbing his hands under the eyes of the infuriated villain. " I breathe again once more, oh, greatest of villains—I breath freely. I wish you from the bottom of my heart a long and comfortable term." But never was a wisher doomed to a more bitter disappointment. The Ruffian might have spared his fury, for he was per fectly safe. He was remitted and re manded time after time; but the case completely broke down from want of evi dence to identify him with the " old man" who had been seen in the room below Mclndoe's garret; and at last, after a very lame attempt at a conviction on our part, the charge was found "not proven," and he was discharged. As he walked triumphantly out of Court, his eye caught that of the seedy spy, and bending forward he whispered— "Simon Penbank, look out for a grave without a coffin. Good-bye." {To be continued.) 