HE. ROMANES' EXPERIMENTS * A GEKTLZHAN" named' Romanes has been anxious to find out whether dogs are believers in ghosts and spiritualism, and has been making experiments accordingly, with results for a knowledge of which the world is indebted to the -2fet» York Times. Mr. Romanes began his researches into these mysteries with a bone; aud this, the critic says of him, " is alone suffi cient to show the heartless and irreverent char* acterof the man. If there is anything which a dog holds peculiar]/ sacred, it is a bono. A terrier will submit to be deluded by false re. presentations that there are eligible cats in the coal-scuttle, or that the piano is full of rats, but he feels that bones are too sacred to be made the subject of a jest." Mr. Romanes, however, took the bone, and tied round it a thin silken thread; and just as the little Scotch terrier with which his investigations were con ducted was .in the act of seizing it, his master slowly drew it away. The pour dog regarded the moving bone with an amazement which found.expression in erect ears and a tail gra dually thrust between his hind legs, and becoming convinccd, as Mr. Romanes supposes, that it was but the ghost of a bone, incon tinently fled, howling--dismally. On the whole, the jfcitf Io>vk Times considers that the dog behaved, much more sensibly, thun many men would have done under a similar belief. " In all probability," the journal says, " had Mr. Romanes eTer seen a piece of roast beef in tho act of cruising unassisted round the table, ho would instantly have asked ic preposterous questions, and would subsequently havo let his hair grt>w long, and hare becoino a confirmed spiritualist. His intelligent dog did noueof those things, but as soon as ho decided that he had seen a spiritual boue ho refused to have anything more to do with it, aud continued to wear his hiiir of the usual length, and to cling to that faith in which ho was educated." Mr. Ro manes was not yet satisfied, however, lie took a pipe, got some soap and water, and began to blow bubbles along the tioor. It took some time to convinco tho terrier that these airy nothings were not a new kind of particu larly dangerous rat, but presently he put his paw on one, and it of course collapsed, lie tried a second, and it likewise vanished, and tbsii, recollections of the ghostly bone over whelming him, again he fled. Still, Mr. Ro manes was not satisfied, He proceeded to ' mako faces" at h\n victim, and the grimaces he made were HO hideously ugly, that wo are told the dog mistook him for the worst ghost be had ever seen, whereupon he crept nnder the sofa and tried to die. iXiOvers of dogs will sympathise with this little terrier, and, if Mr. Romanes continues his - investigations,1 will hardly regret to hear that he has had to d«al with a larger dog, which pursues a - more spirited policy with regard to ghosts. DEADLOCKS.-Paise cnrls. Hanging Fiee.-Suspending hostilities.. _ Hioh-dkop-ATIIY.-A. shower bath uader : ruagara. Tails. T"E ^03T Akusixo PAGE is DICKENS.-.The -cat Boy in " Pickwick." A Bibd'S-EYE VIEW. - Ihrough tobacco smoke.-Funny Folk*. A BRIDGEPORT man, arrested for striking his wife Mary, admitted that Mary had a little' A Siok OP the TIMES.-Aunt Towzer savi' ererybody has gone mad with. this war spirit, ?liven her doctor told her to look after her regiment !-Funny Folks, J i cr. ®L0T?P!O *JE -Naked.-jfo profession is so squeamish as the legal. Let a solicitor come . fcross ^ fects, and he ia well nigh sure - . to wrap them up in a lawsnit as soon as ha " ®Sn--Funny Folks. THSRB >B a woman who works among the Kennebec lumbermen, driving logs down the ?Ver,'.t^ Beecher Bays, " Hurrah! She aoesn t believe in a miserable he-rafter." "MAiE tne np a bine pill," said a gentleman in a chemist s shop yesterday (Saturday) morn yes, sir," answered the assistant, who was thinking of the race; «light bine or dark blue, tax: -Referee. Majjahb Eachm; gets fira years for her rash v1 Pe^*menk Aa the gentleman remarked who had his nose burnt while looking into Jloant Vesuvius, "This comes of an eruption." Referee. A Lokc BEAD.-They have a giant in Texas who measures seven feet six inches, named John Farewell. He is regarded as a lineal descendant of Shakespeare's " Farewell," spe. cially described as " a long Farewell."-Fttmiv Folks. - Not QCITB_ THE Sajib Thixo.-Merciful - Traveller: " Your little horse has been goinsr well. When did yon bait him Pat: " Ah, shuro, it's been a party lirel road, Sor; but oi 11 have to bate him goin' up Sloggin Derrr Hill, Sor !"-J»H)jcA. ThbO.nbTHE.-O Nmdpoi,.-Stableman of Sporting Hector: " I 'ear Master's ^advertised for. a Curate. Must be horthodox--whatever that means." Groom of ditto: "Means? Why, that 'e must know a thing or two abont ' Osses, in course! He'd never snit Master if he didn't."-Punch. Neatly ADAPTED.-Reading, in rivalry of . Rome, has had S.P.Q ft. inscribed on the panels of its Senate House-the Town Hall. A town- ' councillor being asked the meaning of the in- : scription explained it, S(mall) Pfrofits,) Qfnick) R(eturn»).-Funeh. ' "BEAII POSSU>ZST£S."-Brown (who is in temporary financial difficulties): " 'Beeh- run ning about the City all day, dear. I'm famished. Let's have a cup o'" tea-ah-and that cold, turkey--" WifeOh, I'm bo sorry, dear! Mary tells me the man down-. . stairs-(in possession)-has just finished it!'? -Punch. TUBS. Aoaix, Whittisoton-.-Aunt May Now, Jack, do yori remember what tha sermoa . waa about ?-Jack (readily): Yes. : Whitting. ion and his cat-Aunt May: Whittington and ? his cat! ."Whatever; makes you think that ? Jack: Because he said Return, return, return. " -Melbourne Punch. SxRvjLtTGiBtHii;-Mistress: " But X thought you were very comfortable,' Mary.", Mary: "Yes, mem, but the young man as keej.s com. panywith mo thinks there's too many gentle men visitors comes here, and they might wean me from his young affections; so with your permission, I will not be a medium fcr conten tion."-Melbourne Funeh. Tim PATRIOTIC SOXG-Wmtek's STOCI-CT TRAPX.-A bushel of " bounce.*' Eighty yards of "lion's tail," of the description"which cannot bear being trodden upon. A hundred Bears who have, been licked. The same num ber of Bears who will be licked. A bale ? of Union Jacks. Timber for the con- - struetion of any number of " Posts" British Tars". and "Hearts of Oak" ad lib. - Five hundred "gallant Turks." A few Em. pires in the East. Fifty sneers at Gladstone. A thousand pats on the back for Beaconsfield. Seventy unhaveable Constantinoples. Several good sound Osmitn Pashas, and one or t*'o Plevnas. Britannia's guns. Britannia's sons. Britannia's puns. Those last, however, the ? patriotic song writer only descends to when ho is guile done up with his efforts, and is pausing a moment to regain breath.-Funny Folks. Piusirr Well, THANK Yon.-Why, how d'y'do, Mrs. Careful-are all your folks Dretty well f" asked one neighbour of another, whom, she met in Hempstead a few days ago. "Oh *. yes, pretty-well, thank you-that is, about a» well as usual. Father hasn't been qnito well siuce ho banked up the cellar last fall, and ? overworked himself: thinks ho hurt his side. And mother has got the rheumatism so bad' t she hasn't been able to get down stairs for a : . "A week; Matilda Ann has a slight touch of thV diphtheria, so the doctor says; Jimmie can't .peak ubove a whisper for n sore throat. Susi» .' is just getting another rising in her ear, and ' the baby has had two more spells of croup. My husband can hardly do an v" work on hc- ? count of his sore eyes, and I thought I'd died last night with neuralgia in ma head-but > ? ?" wb'ro all about as common. How d'vour-'' folks?" i. ' 