AN EAST POINT YAEN. :'\ Salt sea' yarns' are of rare ocenrence in. j this port, but they will' crop up. in spite . i'. .'?? of fate or the march of wooden intellect. 1 One of these terrible yarns, more; worthy ? of the North than these quite' waters, was told to us tlio other day, which' we j believe is true, every word! Our ' pilotmen of course get up witli 'tho lark' oil the year round, and after takingn'Innnr with their weather eyoiri the1 ? otBngnear Flat-top looking for small craft, j they generally tiike a stroll ddnmi to the boatshed to see if 'the raw-locks '' are all. t right. But to our tale, v One mprninn-, ?,, not a hundred years ago, a boatman waaA bending, his way along the departft^^L banks of the Pioneer to tho.boat-hbuse^B^. ? ? Tho sailor bold was a-chewing of his| '^^^'. quid quito [irofessional when he suddenly ?'9. espied what appeared to him to be a ; lost mermaid, ttiol sea ' sarpint ' or i wonderful snake; sitting like niy Lord j of Burleigh upon the slip of tho boat- ; house, and attemjiting to commit a bui'glary, or niaku an unwarrantable ; intrusion; British pluck, in these days i of Dardanelles heroism could not judi- : cibusly stand this nonsense from any ! member of the animal kingdom. Old salts are also rather sceptical of sea urchins a'nd other speoimons of natural i . history, which they read about. in the : Danhurij- News, and tho scientific ' ' ' magazines. Old Hawlbowline, deter- ' mined (to . excel' D'Albertis or . ' '. ' Gordon Gumming in bravery, and - in extending the - knowledge of natural science, rmade a bold advance with an !. old 94-giinship hawser to secure the . i strange animal; a-nd,niake it his prey. Sure and steady was his steps until lie ? got within sixteen yards of the slip, j when the huge scaley monster twitched . ' bis ugly lips and smiled. The antient mariner sounded the halt, and prepared to throw' the hawser over his victim. ' Why, darn my skylights,' said the old man, ' and blow me. tight if this 'ele haint. a queer sort 0' hanimal a-crusiu' so early this fine morning.' ' What wos it 1 It looked very like a whale, or a Cnicknell torpedo, a travelling mis sionary, .or1 a Mackay poet. How come it there 1. Ah !' that was the question; . '?/'? but he forgot to consult Pugh, or West- ? wood's last northern lecture. What did it want? He 'did not know, but suppose it was ater one of them 'ere kanakas *\ fcrho'ad overfed hisel.' \Vl111t\E0rt 01 ' an animal was it J He ' eyed the saurian philosophically through a fifty feet telescopic/ when the 'Pioneer pet' shook its scaley form like the ghost of old Mnrley its iron shackles. 'Confound your. impudence,' :. quoth Hbwlbowline, 'a pretty creature you air,' and stealing forward with' the ? j . hawser a little further, the alligator^' yawned, and displayed a fine row of homo- ? sapien crashers and a nonchalance of fight, like Osman Pashu. ' Tbjen. like, the s/iint.'of Te Kow;ii or Pleyistowe, 'HawJ bowline evaporatpd. The alligator, ?? sixteen feet in length, getting disgusted '. ? at so precipitated a; retreat, slid-intb deep ! water and steered up the river towards the creek, got up upon the bridge oh the beach road, growled at the works depart ment, and then marched away to the = tune of the ' Dead March in Saul' ud ' the road towards the unsuspicious towi.- ? I ' '? ship of JLickay. The' lus)-ector of- - . .'; Nuisances was nowhere. - Somebody said ho was after ' curs ' and rotten potatoes. , '' . The nuree girls out for ozone ran for their, very lives. The Aldermen at ra ' .1 Municipal meeting said thp injury done to the beach road was .so great, that ' ? ? ' the}- could not see the way clear to take it over from tho Government. At the sight of the new Lockup, the monster turned back into the scrub. Wecannot . relatt any more of this, 'as we left just when the yarn was getting an,der weigh and the wind gentle. 