THE WAR IN NEW CALEDONIA. (FROM OUR SPECIAL COMMISSIONER.) HEAD-QUARTERS' CAMP AT BOULOUPARI, AUGUST 8. The second day after my arrival here we took another little walk before breakfast round the other side of Pic Ouitchambo. More cocoanut trees were cut down, hut no natives, nor trace of them discovered. For a week the same operations have been carried on. But on tho 3rd instant the troops were under fire. I was not with them, for these morn- ing marches with no result did not please me. On foot the fatigue was too great, and I could not obtain a horse. On this occasion there was a halt on one of the spurs of Ouitchambo, and the officers were sitting down when one shot was discharged at them from a distance. A volley was fired by the soldiers, a few natives were seen running away, and then the troops marched back. When I met them on their re- turn Lieutenant Frappier told me he thought one man was hit by the way he ran. In half-an-hour the story enlarged to one Canaque certainly wounded, at the dinner table at night it was asserted that one was killed' It was the old tale of the " Three Crows " over again. These lack of events aro distressing to a newspaper cor- respondent, and to-morrow I intend starting for Uaraii, the northern limit of the revolt. It is true Colonel Wendling has kindly promised me great events in a few days, but I cannot wait for these. I am in- formed by the officers that the result of thoe re- connaissance during tho last days is that they have discovered it is easier to attack Pic Ouitehambo from the other side. Any stockman could have told them this, and after my first day's experience I am prepared to vouch that it could not be more difficult. The spur of tho mountain on which I nearly gave up the ghost has been called after me. One acquires notoriety by various means. But if a grand attack is made on Ouitehambo I very much doubt if the rebels will be found there. All the days and nights we see the smoke of their fires in the surrounding mountains. They are there in numbers, but are they going to stop there to be killed, or will they make a stand and fight as the Maories did in New Zealand? Not much, I. think ! And viewing the country I consider it almost an im- possibility for soldiers to pursue and capture the natives over rocks and hills, and through the scrub. Tho soldiers encumbered with clothes and accoutrements cannot travel like the canaque. Our young conscripts, too, good enough on parade, are now doing work to which they are totally unaccustomed and are quite unfitted. In saying this I do not wish for one moment to reflect on their courage, but the fact is this war of repression on the Canaques 'must be made"a la Canaque." Colonel Wendling appreciates this to an extent, and native manners have been adopted in tho burning of villages and tabus, and the destruction of cocoanut trees and vegetation. An attempt has been made to burn the forests, but con sidering the tropical vegetation, naturally with no result. But vandalism is not altogether war. To march out day after day a distance of twelve to twenty miles to cut down a cocoanut treo and then .return-this surely cannot impress the Canaques much with the prowess or ability of the French soldiors. Colonel Wendling and the officers here are all good follows and gentlemen. I have been treated by thom with kindness and consideration, but I am forced to record that they do not properly under- stand the occasion as yet. In time they and the troops may prove equal to the guerilla warfare of tho Canaques, but at present it annoys me greatly to see day after day the soldiers march back to a fortified camp, and to realise that six weeks after the outbreak affairs here are no more advanced than directly after the sad event. The fault is that Colonel Wendung and his officers wish to do everything themselvcs, and to gain the credit to themselves. There ia not here a single man who knows the country to give proper information to the Commander-in-Chief. It is true that there is a small troop of mounted volunteers, composed of stock- men and settlers, but these havo not been pro- perly utilised nor treated. The fault has been in their organization. Monsieur Morissot, their com- mander, is an old naval officer. The fitness of things is rather outraged-when a sailor assumes a cavalry command. This may account for the fact that .he has done nothing. Captain Morissot has been here three times from Noumea, and carefully gone back again. Tho volunteers, a few of whom are English, are here now, under the command of Lieutenant Saxton, This gentleman is the nephow of my old friend Dr. Saxton, physician and banker of Market Drayton. He formerly had a station in New Zealand, but is now the manager for the various properties throughout tho island belonging to Monsieur Pelletier, the Mayor of Noumea. Saxton, tall, slight, and supple, is the beau ideal of a horseman. He is calm and cool, with true English sang froid. "All friends round the Wrekin" to whom the family name is known will be pleased, although not astonished, to hear that the Shropshire man has proved himself worthy of his breeding. In the only fight had with the natives near here, Saxton protected the rearguard with & few of his men. Captain de la Follye de Joux, the soldier of Burgundy, jester and fighter of the " first force," in the conversation of the mess table bore testimony to Mr. Saxton's services, and when he arrived in camp all the officers welcomed him as a brave comrade. But Lieutenant Saxton would never sit down at our mess. " I am a volunteer like my men," said he to me, "and I must stick to them." Amongst the volunteers there were some Australian stockmen, and French settlers who knew the country. Fricottee, one whose wife and children were killed, was here. But Colonel Wendling does not seem to know how to utilise these men. They have been, to use the words of one of them, " humbugged about." A day or two back they had a great grievance in that some of their horses were taken to mount the Arabs, eight of whom are at present in camp. Now there is a tradition amongst the French that an Arab is the first horseman in the world, a man of war to be feared by all. There are Arabs and Arabs, and I think a great many of them are first-class frauds. I am much of the same opinion as Mark Twain respecting these children of the desert. Those here now are certainly not of much use. They soon kill horses in the bush, not being used to such work, and I don't think much of their courage. Compared to an Australian stock man they cannot ride. Yet Colonel Wendling and all the officers have a great fancy for these Arabs, and they are taken out as mounted guards, with the daily "excursions." They have a mess of their own, and in defiance of the Koran devote themselves to drinking rum on their return. They are also distinguished as "looters," and the deserted houses of the colonists around here which have escaped the Canaques have been pillaged by the Arabs. These are like Hans Breitmann in that they " leave nothing behind." If there were no startling events, I have had, during the last few days, a study of camp life. One night I really thought something was about to happen. We sat at dinner. Our dinners were always pretty good ; Doctor Lossouarn being "chef de gamelle," and in default of medical practice devoting his massive brain power to varying tho "menu." This was rather monotonous. There was too much beef. We had many dishes, but all of the flesh of the ox. However, with a salad and good red wine and bread, one can always dine; and we enjoyed ourselves, and laughed and chaffed, and rocked little of Atai, the rebel, hiding in the recesses of Ouitchambo. French people will keep up a play of wit and of words for an hour on the most ' trivial subject. We had not many themes but made the most of them. For example, in the Iaok of female society, -we worshipped a portrait, that of a charming lady, wife of a colonist near Bouloupari, who fled in time from the natives. The carte, with divers other things, was found in her house. Lieutenant Rochelle took possession of it, and daily after dinner handed it round for inspection. Then it was placed on a little altar formed of salt cellars, and with the candles around looked quite imposing. But it was rather cruel of Captain de Joux to put the long black curls belonging to a lady, and left behind in her flight on the top of the great tabu captured by him. A tabu is a carved pole adorned with shells and feathers, which like a standard of old, is erected in the village of a chief to protect it from intrusion. At least it warns away outsiders. Some of these tabus are works of primitive art. I have seen one with the entire figure of a French officer, a good likeness, carved thereon. Others are rude blocks. Certain shells are considered valuable, and tabus are generally adorned with these. Bien ! on this night we were amusing ourselves with admiring the portrait of Madame-, when suddenly there was the report of a ohassepot. The commandant arose, we all looked at each other. Then another and another report. We all got up, Colonel Wendling the last, calmy finishing his glass of kirschwasser before he left. I thought " now there is an event. I have been good lately, and Providence is kind to me. A night attack, not too much of an attack, but just a few killed. What a treat for the readers of the 'Sydney Morning Herald.'" You see I looked at this from a journalistic point of view. I came to Now Caledonia to see fights and such things, and I had been disappointed as yet. Dr. Lossouarn, M. Duval, and the telegraph clerk rushed for their revolvers. These weapons were the bane of their lives. None of us would walk a yard outside the stockade without being armed, and the civilians not accustomed to carry such were greatly worried thereby. They| would hang them up on a tree or post, and, for- getting them for a time would come back to fetch thom, greatly exercised in their minds at their temporary defenceless state. We, at Bouloupari, have great respect for the lurking Canaque, who is supposed to be always with us. So seizing our pistols we go different ways. I take the path to the perch of the sentry in the garden, and climbing the ladder see a small fire, which seems about two hundred yards off. I hardly fancy that the attacking Canaque would let us know his whereabouts by kind- ling a fire. But on this a ohassepot volley is being directed. I go to the back of the stockade, on the side facing the light, and find all the officers gath- ered here. A guard is sent out to investigate the mystery, and the men advance, firing rapidly. They are only absent a few minutes, the fire is quenched, and on their return we find that it was caused by the smouldering embers left by some workmen during the day. But the instructions to the sentries are I to fire on any light or moving thing seen outside the line after sundown, and this instance shows that they will fulfil their orders. Our fears all quieted, we roturn to our coffee, and the cry " Bon quart partout " is heard all around once more. ' I spend my hours during the day (what time Colonel Wendling and his men are cutting down cocanut trees, and destroying palings) in strolling about the camp and interviewing every one that I can. Dr. Lossouarn writing to a lady in Noumea, thus described my move- ments, and as an impartial outside testimony I record it. Said the doctor, " he goes about all day, asks ques- tions from every one, makes many notes quietly, and seems to have a very good appreciation of 'la cuisine Française.'" I acknowledge the corn! Besides the stockade, the camp now comprises a dozen buildings, all built with mud walls and thatched roofs. Four of these are old, the remainder have been erected by the convicts, of whom there are more than 150 in the camp. The barracks which they occupy are in their internal arrangements something like stables, being apparently divided into stalls. Other houses are occupied by officers and the surveillants of the convicts. There is a butchery and bakery, and sheds for workshops-all these, with their thatched roofs could be burnt very easily. There is one exception, however, the present telegraph office, built of successive squared logs, with an iron roof, formerly used as theblockhouse and calaboose of the gendarmerie of Bouloupari. It was in this that some Canaque chiefs were confined., and from which they were released by their followers on that ill fated 26th of June. The real truth of tho events of that day of the massacres here will never be known. All nearly have gone who could testify. Those in the neighbourhood who escaped in time give most extraordinary accounts of the proceedings of the officials. The whole circumstances evidence the most culpable negligence on the part both of the ' dead and the living. Of the whole causes of the revolt I will write when I know the country better ; of the immediate causo of the massacres I am competent to judge. The commencement was on the 19th of last June, when a miserable convict named Chene was killed on a station belonging to M. Dezarnaulds, some fifteen miles from here, on the road to Ourail. It was a personal vengeanco, a judgment on Chene's vices. He and the native woman who lived with him, and a child were killed. Another infant received a cut on the head, but the mother in falling covered it with her clothes. It was rescued afterwards by a brave New Hebrides boy, one of the station hands, who carried the little one to Noumea. I saw them both the other day. Little "Maggie," the half-caste, with her head bandaged, was tended by Madame Dezarnaulds in a manner which shows her great kindness of heart. Poor little Maggie ! I wonder what will be your future. Your coming into the world was the immediate causo of the death of hundreds ; yet you are saved. For what? A ticket-of-leave man killed, there was nothing in that ! The gendarmes scoured the country and arrested the chiefs of the surrounding tribes who were placed in the prisons at La Foa and Bouloupari. It was a custom in case of any trespasses by the natives to arrest the chiefs, holding them as securities for the handing over of the criminals. If the chiefs themselves were culpable, I believe they would always find substitutes among their followers to admit and suffer for their crimes. A " conseil de guerre " would have dealt with this case, and the natives who might acknowledge their guilt would most probably havo been transported to the Isle of Pines or Cochin China, and so this affair would have been finished. But I am told that the gendarmes threatened the natives that their chiefs would be shot on a certain date ; and, looking at the general character of your gendarme I think it possible that he would be guilty of that or any other, similar folly. These men have been the curse of the country. Lazy and insolent, they have tried to tyrannise over colonist and Canaque alike. In tho recent events they have proved their cowardice. In olden time they would ride up to a tribe and bid any number of natives to follow them to be looked up in the calaboose. I The greatríespect for authority which the Cana- ques have engrained in their nature from their earliest youth always caused them to obey. But the prestige of the gendarme is now gone for ever. I be- lieve that fear for the safety of their chiefs alone caused the Canaques to attack the gendarmeries at La Foa and Bouloupari, and with the sole purpose, at first, of releasing the prisoners. On the morning of the 25th June a convict arrived at the Penitencicr Agricole of Fonwhari with the news that all the gendarmes at La Foa were massacred, and that the sur- rounding colonists were being attacked. The Directeur, Mons. Hayes, rode at once to Teremba, and the news was telegraphed to the Governor, and the Vire left Noumea in the afternoon with a number of troops under the command of Colonel Galli-Passeboc for the scene of the revolt. It must be understood that the telegraphic system of New Caledonia is very complete, and that on this Tuesday afternoon every military post and gendarme station knew the facts of an attaok by the natives at La Foa. At least the officers did. Now, what happened here at Bouloupari ? This was a post of a brigade and lieutenant of gendarmerie named Schenck. There was also a telegraph, station. A few hundred yards from here was a convict camp, where there were thirty men with four surveillants and their families. Half a mile further on was the hotel and store of Mons. Mostini. There were many settlers' houses all around, some almost within gunshot. Altogether in this district, perhaps there were 800 white people. Now on this Tuesday afternoon the lieutenant of gendarmes and his men knew perfectly well of the massacres at La Foa, not thirty miles distant, Did Schenck warn the surrounding colonists to be on their guard ? No ! and- even the officials the convict camp were not advised. All the deaths in this district may be placed at this man's door. On the morning of Wednesday, the 26th June, he rode over to Buraki to re- ceive some twenty men, who were landed there to operate in conjunction with Colonel Galli Passeboc from the side of La Foa against the révolters. At Bouloupari the gendarmes, sunk in a Capua of sloth and security, went to their breakfasts. It'is true that the previous night they had kept a watch over the block-house, but now they left their arms and went to feed in a cool grass kiosque which served them for a "salle-a-mange," and which is still standing. Others eat there now, and reck not of the blood upon the lintels. Looking at this spot now, I view the scene in my mind's eye. I see the Canaques approaching through the naoulis, Intent on rescuing their chiefs, and my first thought is- Are they the same who committed the massacres at La Foa? If this had been a preconcerted scheme, the attacks on the two posts would have taken place at the same time, and not with an interval of twenty-four hours. It seems to me that if not identically the same men who attacked La Foa, these have been aroused by messengers who have told them of the easy victory over the dreaded palefaces, and the delivery of their chiefs, and so in early morning they have collected from the tribes round about ; and the gendarmes leave their chaesepots and swords, and go to breakfast, and the telegraph clerk is conversing through the wire with his colleague at Teremba, and then the attack commences, and again all are an easy prey to the Canaque, and they joyfully break the bars of the blockhouse door, and their chiefs are free. Down there, at the convict camp, within rifle-shot there is another butchery, and a butchery for which I hold tho man Schenck responsible. Had every one been warned, had proper precautions been taken, not a life need have been lost at Bouloupari. A few deter- mined men armed with rifles could have kept at bay the whole crowd of natives. But at the convict camp the unconscious surveillants were at breakfast when the Canaques swarmed in. They thought nothing of this, a daily occurrence. » But the chief, M. Leca, was sus- picious of their movements, and running to tho houso obtained his chassepot, only in time, however, to defend his own life, for his wife and two children, three comrades, and twenty-one convicts were killed. Leca escaped, after slaying many ; with two or three more men like himself, the savages would have been stopped in their career. And then, as at' La Foa, I can imagine how, their passions in- flamed with slaughter and easy victory, the Canaques fell on the houses of the settlers around. The war on the white race had begun with them. They spared none, and I am afraid women and children suffered tortures of which it is best not to think. In savage warfare everything is permitted, and tho Canaques havo not been worse than the Cossacks and Bulgarians. Still Mostini and Fricotte, widowed and childless, who are now with tho mounted cavaliers, may be forgivon if henceforth they draw a bead on every dark skin. Were I in their place I could not write calmly-a terriblo vengeance can alone satisfy them. Still, I do not like to hear French officers tell me that they wili destroy every man, "woman, and child" amongst the rebels. They degrade themselves below the level of the Canaque. And this sounds worse when one realises how little has yet been done. Whilst the Canaques were slaying and burning, when there was no resist- ance, until the total of victims at Bouloupari on this day numbers over eighty, the gendarme Schenck distinguished himself by a daring ride-according to his own account. He says he came into the camp from Buraki by Mr. Lewis's farm, and on getting to his own house (which was not touohed, white men say, because the Canaques knew he was their best friend), hoe saw the gendarmerie burning and dead bodies on the ground. Hundreds of natives surrounded him. He charged through them ; and on finding the gate on tho hill lead- ing down to the river being closed, his horse jumped it, and he went "ventre a terre" to Buraki. I think Schenck expects to get a ribbon for this. But Captain de Joux, who knows his man, does not believe it ; and on viewing the spot I agree with him. It would take a first-rate hunter and rider to clear that five-barred gate, especially in its position ; and it is an impossibility for an ordinary horse and fat gendarme to have got over without coming down. That gate spoilt Schenck's tale. It is certain that ho made no effort to succour the flying colonists, and that he actually embarked his men at Buraki on board a steamer for Noumea, enun- ciating the philosophy that his own skin was of the most value. He would thus have left any retreating colonist without a point of refuge but for the arrival of a man-of-war and reinforcements. But if gendarme Schenck lost his head and nerve, he was only like almost everyone else in the colony. When the news of these massacres arrived in Noumea, there was a scare which now appears ludicrous, people crowded on to the ships in the harbour. Mounted volunteers, armed with revolvers, went out to Bouloupari, saw the sight, and carno back again to still more frighten the citizens with their fearful tales, yet that very night stockmen tell me they rode through Bouloupari, and the drunken natives drunk on the spirits they had found in the hotel and gendarmerie-were lying about in all directions. The Australians fought their way through with their stockwhips. Prompt measures might have at least avenged the massacres. But operations commenced, the principal .thing the soldiers did was to shoot a lot of friendly natives who had nothing at all to do with the revolt. It does not sound nice to hear of French soldiers killing three women, firing into them as they lay on the ground, whilst tho men ran away. Yet this occurred at Tomo, eight miles from here. As regards affairs here now, Colonel Wendling may be exercising his men for bush fighting, but it strikes me that very valuable time is being lost. 