Oj&e; $2&»e.u ¿.ftornfo® devala, i SATÜTeDAY, JUNE 8, 1878. -+ I.v our issue or Saturday last ive submitted to oui- readora a comparison of tlio total revenues of the colonies of New- South Wales, Victoria, and South. Australia for the year ending on the Slst of last .ilm-eh, together with a special comparison of,the rate? and sources of taxa- tion. Wo now proceed to comparo their respective land revenues, and perhaps tho result may have some bearing upon the dis- cussions soon to begin in Parliament, as they Jiaa-e already begun in our local Presa, respecting the changes pioposed by the draft Land Bill of the Government. At the outset ave avili place in. order tho particulars of these different colonial revenues, so far as they can bo reduced to appropriate heads, as tho foundation of our reasoning on. matters of fact, preliminary to a discussion of principles. TOTAL LAXD HEVENUE. IN. S. "Wales. 1 Victorin. IS. Australia. Sales. Rents, ¿te. £2,GS2,910 £SDS,313 23J,1U2 153,116 £39i,C7-l 75,722 £S63,G31 £470,390 Silks. Rents, A.-C. Flin Hean or POPULATION-. £1 1 0} i £0 19 0} I £1 13 ."!? 0 7 11 0 3 7? 0 Ü 4} Total .I £-1 _S_"'i_._ ¿J 2 8 1 £1 19 Si Tims it appears that our land sales yielded to tho Treasury more than ten times as much as the receipts on account of the public estate from all other sources. In Victoria the pro- ceeds of sales were more than seven times the amount from other sources, and in South Australia they were move' than live times as much. Entably to population ave . derived from sales two and a half times as much, as South Australia did, and more than four tiraos as much tis Victoria, avhile from rent«, ire, our receipts avere proportionately twice as largo as in tho latter colony, and larger by ono- iiftii th.-t'i in tiio 1'ormor. Reduced to tho Victorian standard, the land soles of tho yetti would lia ve been less by £2,050,000, in which case wo bliouLl have lind a deficit of a million ami a half, ii 1ho name rato of ex- penditure had b, eil kopi, up, instead of having ¡ half a million to add to our cash surplue. lleduced to thi> fcouth Australian .sumdard, iht» proceeds of 3aad sales avould have nearly balanced the public account for the your, with, no surplus to be lent to tho banks or invested in temporary loans, But lot us look at the items that mako up tho total proceeds of land sales in the several colonie. In our own they consist of sales at auction, sales on account of improvements, selections after auction, deposits on applica- tions to free-select, balança* of free selectors, and interest on those balances. For the quarters ending last March, and last September all those particulars are given in the usual Treasury documents ; but not for the other two quarters. Is it by design that such, in- formation is withheld from tho public ? How is it possible to leam what is being done with our great public estate unless these .most material elements in the calculation are regu- larly supplied ? There ought to bo no difficulty in the way of publishing these particulars, because tho Treasury publishes a quartorly statoment of its receipts and disbursements, and, therefore, must knoav hoav much, belongs to each separate head. For our present .pur- pose, all we can do is to state that £123,392 of the total proceeds of land sales was received on account of interest from free selectors. But by the end of last Mareil, the total area conditionally sold under the Act of 1801 must have reached the immense total of twelve mill'"" «lores, leaving" a margin of half a-million acres for forfeited selections. '? The avholo amount of deposits and balances does not reach four millions sterling, consequently, there must be owing by freo soloctors at least eight millions sterling, unless there has been an oxtraordinai-y amount of forfeitures. That means tin annual interest of £d00,000 when tho threo years' grace in regard to the whole of thoso selections expiic. Not one-thu'sl of this amount has yet begun to como into tho exchequer. I3 it by design, or only by a singular coincidence, that ti Government has como into powor with a Land Bill to abolish interest on all futuro freo selections precisely at tho time when tho seven million acres free-selected during the last threo years are beginning to bo liable to iutorest. Tho present Land Bill dot"» not propose any retro- spectivo action ; but does anybody supposo for a moment that if this measure be passed thero avili not bo immediately a tremendous and a successful agitation for the abolition of interest on account of past purchases ? Such a propo- sition, on the part of a Government is tho first step towards repudiation, and liltlo better than ti Ministerial invitation to tho old freo selectora to demand tho cancellation of all their liabili- ties for the future on this account. It avili bo noticed that Victoria has no revenue tabulated under the head of interest, though the bulk of her receipts on account of land sales consisto of tho payments of froo selectors, According to the Victorian land laov a freo selector has to pay two shillings per annum per acre in half-yearly instalments for three years, and tho balanco either in ono sum at the end of that term, or in fourteen half yearly payments of a shilling per aero, after avhich he receives the fee-simple. But instead of interest ho haï to cultivate one-tenth of his selection every a ear-a condition avhich, if in foreo in Now South Wales, would raise our margin of cultivation from Í>1S,8'10 acres, the totaT area in March of 1877, to 1,200,000 acres on tho free selector's account alone, without including other freeholds. "What botter test of the bona fitlci oí fren selection 'eau llieie bo tl-->n actual cultivation? The price of land bought from tho üoveru ntont iiuder the piovisions for con- ditional pmchaso is already lower by onn lifth-tilceu ata present vuluo on tho basi". of five per cont. interest-ihtiu under any other form ol' sale. For what reason ? Simply and iinrcly to get a iec.ident cl«33 of cultivators of the foil, whoso in 1 dustry and taxes avili repay tho St.-tto tho avholo amount of this difCerenco. But avithout this equivalent the State is being defrauded of its just revenue, 1 and may fairly claim to protect itself against | such fraud ii there ia any justice in tho maxim J " Sclus popidi est suprema /cr.'' In South Australia tho interest received on account of credit land sales for tho year in question oyns £184,040, or more | than half as much ns the direct proceeds of land sales. But. in that colony 1 elie fundamental agravian principle is free selection a fier survey, and couüurd to corto in fixed areas. Yet this it the colony avhich. avilh a much lower yield per acre than the average of Now South "Wales, has bc-ro-.ne 1 he granary of Australia, and which is ablo year by year not only to .sappi*, th» demand for bread among ntl her aoighnou-.i but also export breadstuff to meet the domond of tho mother country. If thero is any logic in facts, no stronger condemnation of our agrarian system could be conceived, tested by tho provious leason assigned for that Fystein " the largest amount of produce from a given extent of soil." THE effort that was made at tho Philadel- phia Exhibition to convey to the people of tho United States a botter idea of the resources and capabilities of ~S"ew South Wales than they possessed before, prepared the -way for two movements- the ono on the part of American and Canadian manufacturers to find a new market hero for their .wares, the «thor on the part of artisans and labourers to find hero a new field for their industry. Another International Exhibition is noNV being held in Paris ; and there also an effort is being made to display the .wealth, of this colony, and to show what opportu- nities it offers to mea of energy, perseverance, and thrift who desire wider scope for their enterprise. If the result should b?, to develop a direct trade with France, and to attract a stream of French immigrants to our shores, the money and the trouble expended upon the representation of the colony at Paris will I certainly not have beer, spent in vain. Pass- ing by for the present the question of a direct trade, it moy bo well to notice a few facts which go to prove that the introduction of a considerable number of immigrants from France might be a substantial service to the colony. The fads are contained in a N olume by Mr. G. G. liictrjuiDsoN. lately published, on " The Corn ami Cattle Producing District's of Fri'nce," as'iort acr-ount of which appeared in the March number of Jùv: <;">.'s Magn-ini. Ii. has been estimated that tho nmnr.-.l value of the agricultural pvoduev of France li.is in- creased ¿'100,000.000 in the la<=t iweiity-ttvo years. People ave e-o accustomed to think of French fashion*., Ftonch politic«, French wari, and Frencli idea«, that t'iey are apt to foryet ' to how largo au i xteul tho pro¡>p.>iity of tin- i country rests upon tt «olid ha»if of pioduutive I inunsiiy, and the national ehiivacior w made up ol' devotion in dull .uni unro'uatitie matten I of fact, J!ut the j.;row'lh ol! French apicul- ture is not a thiug- ti» be) ovoilooked or passed by without interest; there» nie home fWaUiies of it Nvhieii are eminently .uiggesiivc of in- quiry, and should alford valuable leesons io those Nvhn would rtudy them -with care. Let us glance at ODO branch of agricultural ente: pri=o, and noto some of the Xaels couuected with dairy produce. «Reference is frequently made io the expan- sión of trade between England and France which has followed the relaxation of Customs restrictions. longland now reçoives lar^o qunntilles'of cheese, and moio than one-third of her total import of foreign butter, from Franco. In IS 70' the quantity imported was 1,700,000 cwt., of tho value "of £0,700,000 ; and of that 600.000 cwt. came from France. In addition to tlús, f¡00,000 cwt. of butter wero sent fiom France to other countries-some to Belgium, somo to South America, and some to the West Indies. Tho value of the total export was £4,000,000. The production of butter in Brittany alone, whence comes the poorest kind that is sent front Franco, and where the methods of manufacture are comparatively rudo and imperfect, is valued at £1,300,000 per annum. The finest comes from Normandy. At Isigny, where excessive care is taken, butter is made which ranges in price from £7 7s. to £10 10s. per cwt., salted, and commands in winter ffresh.1 from 8s. to 3s. Cd. per lb. wholesal« by auction in the Paris market, "i" One maker's salos reach £160,000 for the "yoar, chiefly for export to the Brazils. In the English market for cheese, while tho American and Canadian articlo commands a sale by its 'chonpncnfa, the French does tho samo at higher prices, by its superior quality and flavour. Ono Eort tho French Gruyere-is made by tho small farmers on tho slopes of the .Tura rango. Fow of them own as many as thro-* cows each, but by joining together and seud ing their milk to a general factory, they produce cheeses aveighing three-quarters of a hundredweight and as laigo lound as a cart avheel. " In 1851 thero avoio 1250 factories in tho two departments of tho Doubs nud tho Jura, producing chccio to tho value of | £180,000. Now (18701 tho amount is quite up to £1,200,000, nu'd tho quality io con-1 Fidored equal to that of tho Swiss Gruyere," and as avoll known in ' London as doublo Gloucester. In Noufchatcl (Seine lufiiieuro), where the cheeso known as Bondons ia made, the soil is to a laigo extent poor ; much oC tho land is covorod with forest; but tho popula- tion, 81,000, derive au incomo from cheese aud butter of £10 per head for man, woman, and child, besides tho valuo of the calves, tho sltim milk, and the v.-he}-. 4S00 tons of this cheoso are made yearly, of the valuo of £-270,000. One maker of Camembert, a cheese much sold in London, has a farm of COO acres, for which he pays 70s. an acre rent, and sold in ono year no les", than £3000 avoith. Roquefort cheeso, avhich brings 2a. a pound in London, is made from owes' mille ; avholo flocks yield 55 lbs. per head ; aud a caso is mentioned in avhich " til o choeao from each ewe poid for 30s., tho wool for 4s. Od., and tho lamb, eold at a foav days old,'Is. Cd. ; that is, a total revenue in, a tjiuglo season froîn a single sheep of £1 10s." In England, on tbo other hotid, the French butter and cheeso are fast takiiji* tho place ol' tha homo product ; or, it would be moro cor- rect to say, home production ii rapidly tliiiiinishi>.¡{, and in tho metrópolis! and (bo provincial towns alilce, tho shops are liuV-d with Hie products of'other countries. Cf the i'hec-o calen in London, nearly one-half i comes from America, and tho other half from tiie continent of Emope. Largo quantities of butter aro imported from America, and, as bofore shown, mora than one-third of the total import is from France. Small quantities of fine butter tire made, it is true, and go into consumption in the neighbourhood of the farms that turu it out. Stilton cheese, too, holds its own, and some of the other Nvell kuewn kinds are prized when they can be got. But the broad facts of the case appear to be that the inferior kinds of home produce cannot compote in the raa.'kct vrith tho cheaper kinds imported, whilst the demand for articles of better quality from people who are willing to pay a higher price 5s being, for the most part, supplied by the French und othnr continental producers, in the presence of whose competition tho English farmers con- fine their euterpiióf more and more to grazing (apart from breeding), end to the production of milk for the metropolitan market. This is a rental-liable staio of thing«. The first comment tint sufjrrests itself is that the Knglish fanners are allowing this change io take placr- becauso it pays thom better to produce milk for the London market than to produce butter and cheoto for home con- sumption and export. If that be really Ino case, and through no fault or neglect of their own, thero is cause for congratulation rather than regret in the fact, that the chango is being brought about, it is desirable that capital, skill, aud labour should be employed to the greatest possible atl\\-antage ; and if tho French formers can (supply better cheese aad butter to English con- sumers than English farmers can afforil to produce at a corresponding price, it is bettor that the supply should come from France, and that the English farmers should seek and obta'u profit in other directions. But if wo are to understand that the change is being occasioned rather by the pressure of foreign competition than by the superior profit and attractiveness of other pursuits, we have before us a different matter to consider. If (as is said in the paper bofoio us to be the case) the land in Flanco is not better than the land in England : if thu coavs aro not bettor than the English coavs ; if the scarcity aiid cost of labour aro felt as directly and as severely in the agi-icultuial districts of France as in England (and the farmers have in some case5! to pay 3s. Gd. to Cs. a day, with board added) ; if, in fact, thero is nothing special in the conditions of farming enterprise in Fr.mco to iavo-ii* the Fiench pro- ducer, why should ho bo able to supplant the English producer >:i the Etigli-.ii market, to which tito Ititi fv, be-iug on the spot, has cheaoer and «peodicr access? The writer of the paper bel'orn us sur-gosts that in some I way or other fio r'ngli.h faw.-iug sysíím must be deticient in ita practical matngciacut. There is ovidc-iiee that ir.achiní-ry and im- proved mci hods ¡ive in-vo extensively employed on the Continent than in Knglund. But ave imagine that an explanation rhonld also be poriïht in the character and habits of the périple. Tue Einall peasant proprietors are «.en nf thiift and laboiious industry, and, as already seen In some districts at any rato, j they have practically teited the value of co- operation in the production of results which ' would have been out of the reach of separate i efiort. If ave could Uan^plant one of thofo ' ina «« trions and thriving co umunities from tho slopes of tho .Tura to ,-t suitable locality in New South "Wales, ive might gain .some lessons that would bo of practical value in tho development ol' a branch of agr."iilturalenterprise in avhich this colony, with ici pasto-,al capabilities, is iiniontaoly beiiindlia,*d. What can bo ofic'.ted by capital and intel'igenco as applied by one man was shown by .Air. Tuo-.rAS Moitr, at Bodalla. But for ono who would bo likely to follow 3l*r. Moitr's example, thero should b-. hundreds who might gain by watching tho opcrntious of a colony of French agriculturist?. FATAL Ern-crs or Diuxr;.-A rann named'Broii ning was taken into cuttodj- ycsterday-morninc;, ahout half-past 1 o'clock, on the charge of dmnkonne;-::, and lodged in a coll ¡vt Ko. 2 (Christ Chmv,hli8tatioi>. lle tvvean S and 9 o'clock-the time for TQraVfi££.i>;(:&,'Ji£tfe« to the police courts-it was noticed that Brcrming was. looking Very unwe'l!, and he was therefore t.il:cn to thclnarrünry, where ho died in less than an hour after admission. When taken into custody, he Nvas Kitting on tho doorstep of the Sir-John Young Hotel, at the corner or Liverpool end George streets. Ile was ahout -15 years of age. mid married, hut was living npnrt from his wife, who had left him on account oE his drunken hat-its. 'Ho had formerly occupied a good position in one of tho leading banks) but had çiven way to dissi- pation, and eventually ruined himself. Ile had latterly no fixed residence, hut had been leauing a vagrant life. In his pockets Nvcro found soma sou J kitchen tickets. Ar »"quest is arranged to.^^W5 .«-day.- - ! ^"DISTRICT COURT."- Monday,-' loth.' j"« * . ~| Cause, : ."Whiting v. Benne«, Wy Ä_ftj THE Su]>rcAv.WATio?t SCHEUE_Wo WAV, quested to call the intention oi C,") "J?01" advortisaruenu in ut.othcr column, .w_£_S'*vte them »<t to Lapport the proposed scheme hS^i"« to «ait for a Civil Scivtco Act. 't,JlIalt« ST. AI:IIIIEV»'S CATHEDRAL -Order of ..". , Whit Sundnj, Otu Juno .-Cantate> G ^V" farren in F ; Deua Misercntur, G. A-Mnrf-L Vi nnthoin, '. O Holy Ghost into our M7Ä7 STTIFT ANVNING'.-A correspondent writ-« »A complaining of the increasing ,., onv onience 0 l?1 p uacngcrs which mines frou the CON..« nnùw'2 street awning« being decorated v.ith clothes nml"] other mtidc* for sale. There is good ground Ù\" plaint in thu .ospect, nnd the municipal "uJÄ bhotiU teeth« shopkeepers do not incrwchonftl patlr.v ij s furtiirr than the space allow e 1. WATCIIHOI-'B AT CvMi-rr.Dovv.N-.-A uetmtitT eonnstin^ oi Mr. John Lucas, H.L.» Jf jT1 Lucas, Major of Camperdown, AMormi'i' I «X2 and M-Grath, mid Mr. W. l>,"o". walÄ tho Culomnl boeretirj, nt Ins offne, vesteri» to urgu upon lum the nece«sity for <stsb.ljl.iai» wati htiouse at Camptrilown. It was poicied ctuihi" there was no institution of the kind withm à mile «i a-hnU of the borough, and this tv as believed tobcslir ciusmg; great inconvenience, i ho I opuhruin mi increasing there voiy rapidly, anditvvould fiu-t'rcrtt» ends of iiisticc, and protect tho interests al ull i>. Nvatcliliouse vveie erected on u cenv enien» site oa fin Sj dney side of the toll-bar. Scvt ral piecesof ltnlhii been approved of. for the _.uvnose by Inspecta Reed, but the price demanded for them was Considad so high tint none of tlicm w ere put chased. Mr. FiuJ patrick, after referring to correspondence, extendí» over seven ye ir» on the subj cet, said that, in consider!. ti on of n suittblo site nt a reasonable figure be..' submitted to him, he would enjie a sum ot noneyfa buying it to be placed on the Eätimatcs The b« th.ng they t ould do, therefore, w ould be to mnlcealr nqumes ictordmg the mutter. The iltputiiä thanked the ho», gentleman and vuthtireiv. "\Ic\ir-i u. Coivui -On next Mondar, « ft o-cbclt, tie AIuiuup.il Council will "loldtlieirqmt rrl-, - » ti? it the lgvvn Hall, for fto traujicUao! mi- j.1 Lif-ine « nut' lor ten inering rouen bj not (ti-- i tmn aviiull tere (ho iolkvving - ""¿j \- 'ut no U ii ii ot it'i ul mo ordering tbt i ni mot lie whole of llio ci } property lo msi. tor vic purp-i »> ot n^c^m nt for the Tear IStSf« v lee- rate tor ti e fuburbi, bo, and them« 1 " ' ' ' r c t t'H 'lhit permission U "ni ot ne a >r oe upiiis of nuj touscsml!» ! < i "--j Ii <. to 1 \ air iepna>'t fiavement on tit tv -iv* oi t-ii- s ie ?- 1 e v or to 1 e tamtdí t .n o cr> IT ne ti ti 2 !,a Kia tion of the titi MI: vea or" Hint i» el- ft bu' *o amci-d tho h-j ¿ to sKiRhtCTing within etic citv oi Svuncj thenitb. nnttul be approve 1 ' Ihnt tlie reportof tiela1 'irovcraont f o umit ce received thu ¿av, r corm-iij in.; tho erection ot n two nil fore" on each sate' Cev elana tr et, between Dowling stree, tad ¿ ltanav ick lvoael, to form an e iclosuie fot pls-uv iocs at the ciot oi £1JS be aioptcd ' lia'ßj repoit ot the Avntc» Comraittei, .econimcridini tiu. | in lieu of the old avaterniauis in Parramatta Ttoij, Australia sticet, and Denison sticet, new nunn, <J la-gor dimensions be laid avith a view to «fordi sttppij ot water to .Newtown, Marrickville Pe(r si uro nnd Mecdonal I lown, ¡if a eo't of ¿263' \ adop od Caooi WEIT -A co les^ontkn* reporU -On Hoi dav c ennig the ¿n\ in inn , a public meetinj-nl 1 eld in tue courthouse, for tito putpo3e of t»i-j steps for the erodio i of a m"chnn cs lii-tittit* That vira naeia good ntfcndan c Mr Cr D liar JP, oecup.od he chair and nfier ooening tile pro"«¿ :i .? called noon Mt AN traiimn who was pr«u,, vltoce e periet ce oí pre ide .*? of the Gou'hra 1 h ucs lv-aluto he tliott^nt would be of valut. | Mi O innoit nceordmgh entered mío e-planstioc- u , t-) ti e couv50 to be ta ten, ai d co íeluded byoPeiuu; j I suo-iTibT ¿10 it mue others would do tie I hame \ ftcr remarks from Mr AVornll ltd 0 bei» a committee was formed, with Mr 1 H Tonn on ti., hot tieasurer, and Mt l'ios^er ii, 1 on secioeara A conversattoa ctraei i« tja nte, avhcii oenior constable Motin piciierouil-, ojcrcd to cake a free gift of »uti bitut ca iLb-ni'-n* A time »01 the committee tonv was agreed upon, mid it was arranged to hat' sub sciiption Tuts printed and tlie town canrasiedlo, subsc iptiona Alii, to communicatewithÜiePttmitt nul the. mcniber for Aigvle, v ith a view of gcUinj« Oo\ crninont a ote tow ards builâmg the proposed hi Mibstnptio-io to the amount of about £90 vero pt mised lrcluding sums of »A 0 from six or leven go tl->mcn A vote of thank-, *o the chairmancotdutd, tne piocee lilias ÍM.PUES DEVTII-A somewhat remarkable cn* a sudden death occurred josterdaj evening Aitoan i amed 1 Uen O Rourke, accompanied byherhmloi, arrived /n Svdnev on fhurseUv morning fwm Ade lons, and went on a aisit to friends at 61,"ffisi ington street During aesterdaj afternoon M» 0 Rourke complained o£ feeling a erv tired, conrqiö on so much travelling, and lay down on » bt^ uppaientla in good lie lilli. About 7 o'clock linn «inking, but twent> minutes later, on Bom» <M going mío the room, she was disco-,«red tobt dal íhe deceased was 38 a ears of at-e CAB ACCIDENT -Yesterday evening, a ladj-tuod Charlotte Clarge, a*, kilo riding m a eau »long Hann s'rect, suddenly ]ump" ed out, and bioke her left It? She vv as taken to the Infirman, mid at once aimiUN to the accident ward She afterwards stated tint ti* thought the horse looked as if he was going to hti or bolt, and, being of a nTVous temperament lb» considered it advisable to ma' e her e*: t as speed.;tf posible No blame is attached to the dnv'r,*« state l that the hor-e av 39 penectlv quiet, and gou* v erj st"adilj at tho time Mr-, Clarge had oabj reccntlj airiv ed in Sv dnev iro u the Blue Moutitiu, on a visit to friend-, at Fuiuou* biurriNO or tin. PasT, W/cu*" -Uhe follo-*in"i theghipuuif* of the p at i-t1 -.ten als from fore"" po-ts-I ass of Onad"- ' fron Kin ealdj , Iraniof ?.lil, from *> \ \vT', avii'i i amigrits Led.."* bininc, fiom L-erpoo1 boo'i-o, bir^ue brom Jw Ytje!i(s) irom li iv Î iton, bar pie,iromM* Hn"i, I uti li Comía lee, tlup, from vtonto Wentworth (s) froin x -i J sU''t, schooner, ta l'ort 1) vi vv in 1 ne aepnr* rea for fora0n potts va -Lriinc the Saxon, slîip, tor bin In-iasco i *."""?. h p -Vi I» jiflrng, loinro, s t-oontr, id TA' l'i u"! I«, ft lien* km.; J cell Lee ficlioonsr J* Vo im a i * in*ri.o'oi al | i conger traSio ra3 um«-, -Armais fro n II 11 oinic, 215 ipptnti».» t"i ile oournc, 100, .r ruis ¡r ta EnAM . ' e1 pa u- s lol Brisbane, r > 1 -.Tai lc-nrvi-A ctr cm* accident, nn'o*MiMtM attei e 1 with fa'al coiwai once occurred va ttte mo-n is in \ altntine U-ie, oft George s reet *«"~ At ii o clock a n ja mi led Jo'ui 0 Bond s-iceom wa» Jtiuitling outside lu nvvnliut-c, wi.eu a L-w laireii dray contauung wool, oi a mit., o^os-i*u whrre be was, ouddcul-, uu ct ard iel over oar "J, jaram nt; hjn n-ainst the w 11 ile av as ex t a»»-J boon IIB possible', ard a tended bv I)r Hod,,*.**, »"i Tit" "aura, but he »uctumbed at 2 oclo"k totiei i i=s fcciaed The decca-, 1 a as oO vein of*»* r i" ii iv belonged to Alfs rs ( istlc andi'vk « '.*" 1 ji s ft. Ballin. llaibour, aid was enven op tu i ir"d Doug'ise An inquc t is nmngw - ?* he'll to iH*, ti u o IQIO.II- Hie ínler-uption of teliä»!» to mi mr .t on between Cobo lsht d and the otu 1 U -, often been the on J« of great ineoiiTMi(*1 to i com ccted avi'H ebe «I inninganomeM*" r sr lie colonies goner ill} and of -Ac v ^ v e « i-d % .elora ni .-ti -'"i Ihcitrt rt? « ' a be-ti f u lae. mo thn owing to tw «."'¡t av, iv bv Fionas of tV -aast to w uchtlio ItM!"« hue nu b*--i octa-aed Hie mast ha» }**Z qui t'v -ifiuca. .butitu aluna»kab'etote-W inn at the most cnucul beatons avhenmien. ettie v CK ibcuts ot binn j nS is of the rot», m»] .ance 'Ile i'oscTiaater trmcral of tin? color; F posed to the ". im nan Government during the¡HW» of the Cable Cnniercr.ee me laying "i » .»-. marino cabla across .ho Gabo li land channel^u joint expense of the two.'coionies, to vvhic.i u» ^ . j of that Government lias been given. W« *%% that the lighthouse and telegraph etatl°" V-.J w .Island, which U was at CUB time tontanp»«« Wrate, will, in consequence of this 'k^'S together, and that the cable wdl bo loid,B»V practicable under the directions of the lelcs«^" vsrtmcnt of -S'cw South Wale«. * ISQT-MT.-'fhe City Coroner «fed an \n»f1J% day, at the Merton Estate Hotel, B«5"*_fa3 boliy " a dultl tour wtJ« old w»»*"Ä|li in ¿ed 0,1 Thursday norning. »»»J_*%* deceased, Mrs. Cross, of Hartley-stretf, «.?» give evidence to the etfect that the ciuM wi » / with her during Wednesday; »g1«. ?*Li> awakiuif «bout 4 o'clock on Tnuadaj w»«^'^ ncas found the deceased l)'.ag «catt »J_"(_-,[! After further testimony wss given, .the[J^^p. a verdict that death was caused by accidental« 1 tio:": in bed. ' T"m, »,,_ _A correspondent, who ^W%T^Vnnk Immigrant," has forwarded feigns Himself 'VV/for hunse'f and vv ifc- tovv nrds lo.»»chequeiori."-; £ »««* bch,1{ o{ Mr Mid ".land no« 1»»,« Aril, whose noble eon «"AM. of M ss l.velyn Carmicnael is t h. untv owl admiration ihetlumeoi M S Co-We undor FOTBiN AND AIMM '^"^"e. Brisbane will ^"{".on Ù",.. J un , Th the first of the ",,. 1 "oil ooion the % ^ ^ M_, bou_c a]._ ?°",Crällt« ar vedatbingaporooiilhursaa} (June lei the same dav to Hongkong v. ,, .." lmcno-u O T cn. PAURANI.TTN -Wo 1'OST ANO lr"" "'.,,«_ tlnt ti e handsome silver MiC eCn,lTa "''I t Pre entcd to Mrs Hugh 'S on 'be o -.«on of tbV 1 «h laj mg the fo ,nda l,ilor t»»» |fi ,vas flom th0 -Helier o SAX' a.N, of Hun er met, ^dncN Pn-Aot SrvMi I'll >TINO -V hen the Government . f ,.m I ii-lird he 1 ii the adv m'i"C oi «cing ¡"KA« «i bv M,ssr, De la hue "d Co ! c eminent l.rm of printers who produce the .'.»niii od bv the Government of the Lnitcd TP1"" "dmioiseetng the superior character of \l\ ni kudo,Qm.er used m lW rsl iblnhmoit 0X ?>int«iï oJ po«to";'»mp« Mr K.chnrd» ter-m.cd «io» til- «ub'litution of i f i ti a' Vine come to lunil, has recentlv been broucht into 1 and the stamps p-mted upoi it are clearer _. *Sm tallnnt Ihc eh.ct ad«. a«i_fw o' this paper M»tur .» that it .. molo ecviomicil inasmuch ns H ne»»} i0" llamP,,° " ''lll,l;!3cUd I" th,e nuntin» of tie sttmp« fugitive inks aie cmploved, Jvch not Icing oleaginous prt-cnt au insur ¿ôuntible obstacle to forgery b> the tranter or ht'io ^IMW, which depend for tlieirsueeess upon 'he ota?«-» pmpwttes of print ng ink« lh- stamp "efjccible before the ohutera u _ mark fin "Tuns BLUE * TmirritANcr. Socirrv. -The < lnif blue Tcinpeiancc Socictv h"ld its usual mon hh ineetiig on ihur-dsv mum* Ins .in the hw School, hen stree' Mr Ja IK«. Pla t occu ",cd the chair l'ovmiil tad í^ne ^du^es «en. delivered bv the chairman, an I Mc sr StiOor ', e-raven, Boffrnskir 1 reelan 1 and oiii-H Hen Mut» «ntl musie were n,reenblv mtcr.per eil in' a tcrv p'ensan mectm-r terminate ' at 1 30 Tim troc Blue *)0<i tj li doing a _ood worj amongst the rhltf people twenty «iNSi_ned ti e pledge u. night indi- is a pleasing factUiat imuiirst this numbu ?rete «orne tv ho hav c been N ieti i s of i ltemperanec for tel» hieb member wears a pice» of bul-- ribbon on lus left brea'' Anv pti on within,' to ]o n this tom penwee socictv can do so bv ealing at the sto-e, ol C1 \\\ Craven, 121, Su«se\ slicci ÜKtimNoMFiciuNr^nNMrN - Vcirei larde pTch «rom the Secretary of ¡state foi tne«e Co'omes to th" -snow colonial dependencies of Great Britain is ns 'olio*! - lhe Italian (. o«, eminent luuing repre fnted that the authorities m New Zealand retused to mist ni the apprehension of deserters irora Italian .melun' vessels in ac o dance with the terms of the »rderm Council of 11th Tune, l»f , e\t nctmg the «revisions of the Foreign De«ort»rs 'i.et l>-o2 to tho Kui'domofltah I caused inquines to be instituted « o"fhe matter, aid it vv as found tint the order m weston, and all others passed imdcr this Act tonott» to the Near 1SG5 ot which a list is given in ¡temargin were not brough, under the no ice of this ¿psrtm'nt at the time of then oemg passed, ni d con liouently have never been comiuunica ed to the .fonie! Hie hs reterreJ to is here given -ISoJ t'en! Sweden end "Norway, Russin Austria, Huns loimi Prussia 18o3 Denmar* Oldenburg ,SJi Mecklinourg-8 hw erin, Netherlands, Hon »ver, France ISOJ Belgium 18o6 Chili 18o7 liorocco and Fez 16C0 Spain, \ican _in, Ku««ia .'C3 Ita') Salvador. It appeals that tie u-ders in 'ouiiçilmqucstionapph to thevvholeoi he-Mau ¡ominion« and a cop\ otthen is foi wai de' Iv ! «icetsrj of State for the inform tmn < t ' o Sovemments LNeept s» respectivetv appin i, t> heseJiienof iliifeient national ties tne on i rs nie to le pjrport that it is 'otdered and tVelme- tint som and aitei the publication 1 ereof in tue London ii Mi, «eamei, not being sines mid no' bcirg ¿brushsubjects vho deaeie fn ii mcrehant «li ns b^ otiging to «ubjects of Mhtr S ate« within hei Majestv s dominions oi the te intones ot the .car' India Companj shall 'ie liable to be apprehended mid imedonbra-d theil lesneetiv» ..'up ' TiiETntvTMtN-orTitElNsvsr-"Wein eiee ive tom i medical sentlenian a length) eommuni"alio t so ctuvgfti" tieatmeiibOt the miine Oin ci\\\ «gullen, passed the eh^-h part of his hif 11 i «. ' i'hfi »mate lunate ssvlum and cornet nth La h° I oamlcrabl» experience ou th» suhj tt itetnig'j ondemns the con»regating ot lunatic-, in oi o n« i u "ion lln« he contend« has a tentlencv to rt'ard, if io altogether to prevent the reciiverv oitho«ewho e ea on has not alto,e her left hem The N riter s ntpenence, vrhichhe relate«- ?OPS to show that îat oi al reitm tit of the ii «ano r-. in«epmabl f-oin fanvdv asociahon« ana moral restraint Fm-Bv the steamship Wentworth we have rc .eived Fijian papers to the 2oth ila-v Hie Lieutenant 3overnor George 'Wdliam De ^ oeu\ nrriNed at levuka ov the Wentworth on ker latest trip from Sidney The TIMM sajs -A geneial impression «isUthtt ao change in the governing power will Jiterlcrematenallv wah such matters of luiportniee .shave been dehberatelv oJopted is the bails of the poltt cal and social economv of the colonj Vs af frtsent reported the absence of Sir Arthu- Goidon nora du scene ot his labours w di not be of sufficienth eng duration to warrant any interference with certnm »ans vtliich he has initiated, tn» measu e ot the wceess of y hich can be tested only b> experience ihe 11 ive taxation scheme thatot coolie umuigra «on andoneortvvoother=, will evidentlj beregaided is faits Die accomplishment of which is ossined, iM ongD 'he test of their adaptioihty w ill hav e to be el to th» 'uliie s of time hut there ore others, such u h vvluci concerns Poh ne»nn labour, and which to» vc viCTPil ns mu h from n political as social Sont aitltha ot eihiealio i vvlueh, nlthou_h ltmav te ngirikdis po«b»s m^ an intercut of a character tomnirativeh lo til, is jet searceh less important 1 cpo ition of tlie«e has not bv anv means assumed i Bluse wl ith mi} be consideiei as dehned On the jill I.v the Chic* Justice gave ludement in the case » » ' Hunt, who it will be remembered was o vic ed before ti e Commissioner s Court m barnoa, ti «n'oiiccd to one Near's imprisonment for his n' 0"W ¡ia tuipatio i m the lynching of the man a omi whomu-dcred Fox at Apia, m November «t Un ben; biousht to Fiji, Hunt appealed o the ', '"i jui si c ion of the Supreme Courtof tins colony "vat n g i u ids stated in an e\hauttivo judgment »ti limit ion Ins been sustained Hie sane ,oin.licer5totnedroidful struts to which famine iw nd t»d the inhabitants of W estent rohncsm, . »on,»rvc t'iataHioin.cr evpenence has «civedto ».«nat the p ohne charaetrr of those ¡si ids n, J-1 » t n-iulou. 11 addition to the Ne.,'" ah1 > uri w lonsuidigcious to the ¡,ml it f ivouis vvithliiN ¡Ti ipitude tie Rrowth ot Euro can irui s -mi i,ll ', . toiT*" these im prouueed m no J P i "x"05 hx 'a llla3U0 SCQn>,i tn hn^ e stricken ta,K,i j?"0 ln5/»tll''^<l kel htheriobouu ,,i Vi ?, Jnd «"1U1U fl»nne, stark and 1 n-rib'e, hn» loan IS,r0Ufh,lhe lcn-th mul brei'dth o» » bolate TI,' miTùT^ a«J- death have followed imr»« l\ ,s e^""me^ dilhcult to tra^-c the tim. w c, ^'Vao'-tpitnhle state oí mn'ters tikrs ïiul. ".clJa\c^a'dcf no humcine oi CN ce i c »e^i L, ulihe "tasll°P»<= deplored coula Im T'011 °f snl!(:» O' g u to lous feists to winch peim )lc: ^i1 nle rnaia>*e Inownto ha e akeu death,, i >C" fxtcntot ù* uillictiou lo-b ds the «oi ! T,!T'}: «>T1 ventean have con'ribu ed Sàtv,riniUct,on ï>ut t ha» occuircd and indiutT,, Rna"'n:30t fan»«>o to wide «our to SIX ni^ vlud2mS ttnd ««Mt, ciopol AlAe,ntf,dcïbutfol ^beasts. ntnhiiNC khÖT^e01 »nd,liketuosc have almo,t « tW¿,° ' r? ftre-Wid trom w ai tot sti ngJi "e sutTn ors to bury them Ac«!«'»1 7° C°^Est".ATr..-Wo leam from licemlvT!? 4'W that the revolting allesatioiu ÄTosDiJ'0 *ort«?obtamca horn the M«" «nedÍT:,;? «-««I to P g^ fe-d, were men tail ihn. ,. iIr " dhams, the secreian ^tf wSrS»^*1 ^Ü^ «rn«o teed told, and !» ««Cue s m?1 ?* t0 th0 I"*5 tt * V °« »'S to !»H>Ä ^llQl1 ^'ows tint tnoie ins boen ? "so i i i X. A U .th° 'J'" ov thQ TB"* i" 1 Hot W'tat^ io>.n Clerk of Melbourne, md *r«^potiüce- °íftlntllhasbcon th"]"^ .hat » tilÄe,.,nnd. mmc,nt "S5 l» the i-ibb h "«Tor*:?¿IZ nñ°"ll0Slntal TX äW°^ ' » ^ nu^t "v "Tn?l tle Il°rth f«nko. the Inna. »Sptckers th0 Ä* w tUr.IKd 0,er du »en 'N h '«} caäüj'b JZT ot*oríW>T diseases miHit ll»' he old no hd " Vut va% ll ?»"» decided THTC BAR -Information has bein received here to the effect that Mr Arthur Rutledge, who, it will be remembered, wi Weilovan munster in thii colony for sonic time, was, on elie 20th ultimo, admitted to the Cîuoensltind bar THE LINT: ISLANDS -It is stated by the F-ji Ttmti of tho 8th May that tho Pat once returned from the Line Islands on Saturday Inc following report of attempted kidnapping bv the crew of the Stormbird, a vessel hnilin-r from M »hoo, Sandvvich Islands, Johns'on or Jacl son, raastei, at the island of Munnin, Gilbert s Group, has been lommumcatcd to us -On the arrival of the Pn'icnce at this island, the abov e nnmetl T'sscl ovas found ljing there and flying the J nglish Hag She left immediate!) On proceeding ashore for the purpose of recruiting, the natives m formed Mi Mender, who apeales the loknlau language ovith the greati«1, Jluenc), that the eiovv of the S ormbud consisting of some teven mon, headed jv the mate, all armed avith rev oh el «, had been on sho-e and had at envpted to kidnap «carrai person--, prmciinlla aoim" avonen, including the avivea of «onie of the whit» traders resident on the island, tho traders being absent at the other end of the îslaatl at the time It is surmised tnat tho sudden departure of the schoonT w as caused ha their nunn' in-; the Patience for a cruisrr In consc paenco of the conduct of this aes¡,el the natía ei were natu rally terni eJ, and nad not recovered from their panie, thus but few passenger« overc obtained hythe Patience fro u tins tsl md ai thej applied suspicious of all avlnte men Hal it not been for this circumstance .»he would have obtained a full complement of labour, as a great inanv had expressed their intention of coining to Fiji bv her, on her loat aisit Hie Stormbird had brough* four women, ovho had been picked up adrift and taken to Sydnev, back to tins island at the cost of the English Govern- ment Oro of these avomen died at sea, and when th» 0 her three were landed at Miamin.the captain refused to hand to her relatives some 20 lbs ot tobacco wntch had belonged to the deceased Some le v davs betöre tho Patiente T°ached Onoto or Clarke s lb'and, a Trench transport ship had landed on tint island some J02 peopk, all belousiDg to different island« Most of the c people vv ere kidnapped sotro a cars rgo and talton to S'ovvaus plan'a ion in Otahette If Jil" of these ntives is landed on nnv islán 1 o'her than hi« own he it inaamblj plundered bv the residr-nt-, FO that if even thee people succeed in reaching their lion es tbev arc "-meto loso the av hole of the fruits oi theil a can of enforccd service "New Gi IN it-A po«s"iiger bj tne schooner Sv nn writes irotn l\ew Guinea n 1" ter which ha> been p tblishcd by the Cooktown papcii* and iro-u which the following is an ett-act - The ra ives caine oif n row IU in canoes and brouclit í sli, cocoanttts, and pit-« av Inch tho-, offe-ed ¡n e\chnng--lor tobacco and tomahawks ihr sec-ned a fine intelligent nee On out arrival, Mr Ingtuni agen' fo** the Queons'aiid Go ernment wasr ra* kind and ¡,ave us a great deal of m onnation about the p'ace The nrtiae women h<-re do moi* ot the hard work, bo n m the canoes and on shore liter carr) av ater for u« cv er) dav .o our village, avhich is ti mile *"iom fhe Spring« nl«o tire ovood lb y have planta'ton« of co.oanuts and banana« all over the nlaee, even on the top of the raounta n« hu the banana plnnta'ions are verv vom-- an 1 do not b*ar truit )ct the o d ono have been all burnt in tV late diou0ht, vluth lasted nine month« Ver) h'tle rain has fallen tina scaso i on tins pul ot the coo^t, no thev have to t-ade with some of tho oth"i tribes for «ago n id oams vVe trade vv íth the natta e», and tret t hint's for a m"ro *rtP e lhe piice op a co-oanut is a pipci ii of tobacco and we got enough fish to do hie men for one da> for a figof tobac-o lhere nrcplentv of pig« We bought one ¿0 lb« in oieifht fo- n tonn ha vk aheavie-one co'ta two tomahaw's Ah trade done w lth the natives bv l-tvopean? ia bo ha- emj toWco r°d bead«, turkev red bulcrer s long knivc , a l a\e= lli-ra is plenty of "aire m the couatr) 1 angnroos and pigeons b".ng a er plentitul On" of tre Intte- f t-aehed a food neal for women r-terc ire »len v o b rd1-inland "\\*v e a tenei"d divínese o "oto dao with the n-<fi c* who in their own vr naettla-lansua^e ¡nid ovith svvee- ooice, sang several ho ran« v\ o hat c be"ii o eiv vvell since our dep-i ute We have aoined the Co'omst s men, forming an eopedi ion ] -ttty of thirt- s.ron¿, nil Well provided for six morths ovith prov sion? and trade V, e oi ill be quite nbl" to t»st th" counti) in that tun" and if gold is to he io m 3, w e think w e vv ill be able to di«coverit Thepartv is ovell organised and have mrde laws anti regulations of the i own m the abienceof nnv Government Ine) n-e all prospec ur« and cn li is entitled to 100 feet frontage in alluvial and 000 b SOO on quartz AU bound not to v nt" a repo t vvithoiit the consent of the whole parea tndei pam of puni hmen* Ano ölender aga n«t the laws will be tr od bv a Jtidg" mid jina ot twelve, drawn by hallo' "\\\ e vv ill start for the interior on .he 1st of Mnj At e have hired the motives to carr) our provisions for n fifteen mile journe^ as far as the firs, cross tig ot Lnlol.0 River, they wall go no i rthe- 1 ath one ea-rtcs thirta pounds that dis ance wore tomahawk and a fig of tobacco Should we fail to hnd gold, ave intend, as a last resource, to «eek jor beche ae mci, as there is plent) along the coast ** PVTIL »»CCIDEST AT MINMI-On "Wednesday (saos the JS cucas le JDaili/ Ftlot) Messrs J and A Brown re cenod a telegraphic advice from ti eir collier} office at Minmi conveying the sad intelligence that an old and much o olued emploo ee of theirs named James Cook had met ki«, death at the new tunnel. It appeared that the unfortunate man was assisting m tie work of lenevving some eimher required to insure the safeto of the roof o' the tunnel, ovhen a fall of ma cual took place, avhich caused his almost instar taneou« death Mr Cook was afine hearty mnn, 40 .years of age much O3toem"d bj the lirm for whom he had worl ed fo- a lumber of o eara, and we regret to learn that he leaves a ovife and several chddren to mourn his untimely end Another man named Drurv w as also badi-, h trt AVrrE-WAt-srvo-About fiftv gentlemen avcre, on Thursday afternoon, conooved in the steamer Eva to witness Cail Lo Cloud ma' a a tnnl pcrfoimance across lus wne at Mo stnan s Bao There ate two stiands of wire stiete' ed acio=s the bov near the 1-alls Pverv thing is now p ipv-c I for the co tte t to-dav, in which Mr Pel ins rcpres"nt-« Xevv South V\ ales and M- Carl Le (ji-id % le oin 1 hi will be the hrst aft ur of the 1 indm i<c v Souta YS ales Both parties, it s said a-e ! csvi' be' c1 b) th"tr admirers AotuBEMEST-!-*1 he ordinär-, pi ave-goer will bo extrémelo áVhcult to »nteit mi it he linds not p'cawre in the programme the cat« cr. f i- oublie amuse ment ore off"tiiig this eveuuiL On» of di entertain ments, desert ni., th» hignett coinmciulntion vvi'lbe theiepeatioaof 'Mids imuiei ^Sight sD'eam, at the Iheatre Roval lo eulalie upon thal cstiere s pro ductions is akin to gliding retu.-"d gold, and it is therefore onl\ nece on to rerei to the mu mer in which the Scot- "siddons c-¡munno give e*"e t to this mo«t bea»tuul or them Iii" scentf airaiigeirent«, an! general detail, are e\rcl) lit, and aro another instance of the onluc of leraale good ta»*o for giving a relmcd tone to theatrical proceedings 1 lia pla), as produced lice, ib a h ippv coinhinatioii or comed , biU-le-.au" a id pautom i e and IU ingiedi"iitr. at such that ooung or old maa enjoj tlicm Air-, Siddo is, pleasing as sh" is 11 all her impel onation», u, ccessiTelo so as Robin Goodfellov She ma) not rcpre-en. a tv ptcal Puck, buk «ne is peifecJ) spusiitlv in all hei move mente, and certauilv shu i, the governing spirit of the dnim Several tableau*, are mtrouueed, and among»* he pietiest of thora are those of Puck in the ovood and the final scene ovhere the fames as8"mblc m the Dukes palace i ho same pice ovill be íepeated tins evening, ovith the usaal «atisfac ory cast Last night it ov as patronised b) a ora) lar¡,e and applauding audience- lherewUlbe a chango m the performance at the"ViCeOiia iheatre this evenuig ' Pique, ovhichovas fa_rl) patronised lost night ovill be removed this ev enmg ano Dumas s ' Camille substituted in its place Miss Coonbs ov ill assume the leading rile and ovill be supported bo a strong compaña -Messrs Baker and larron mtiii have dono more busmess here thi-, time than they could haoo anticipated, not .witnstunding the fact that on former occasions their pattons were c*ttremelo numerous Ihev are still pH)m5 "S ruck Oil' at the Queens Iheatre, and the i e îoi s are ccr.ainl) ov orth ov itnessing on account o' tue mirth thev give rise to-Mi Darcv Reads Ghost ontoriai imcnt, after a run o£ succesa extending over three months, is still a great source of attract on at the Guild Hall, and, as a mecliaricnl wonder, rnnknc, ovith the telephone anti the phonograph, it is really oootthv at*-«ntion and patronage -Those ovho cho^s io stado ingenuity and technical skill will find mano opportunities for doirg io tit bpnnccr s Polytechnic Institution in Pitt stiet*. ovheie also there ara theatricals, singing, and dancing bj tho Spence! familo -A wne walking pei formanee is a. îuounced to take place to dav, b) Mesáis Peikins and Le Giand, at Mossman s Bay , it is said, for a ovagci Ihose ovho do not care for amuseinen s onshore are athhert) to enjoo themselves in ano ot the o\cursion steamers »-iTertiseá to gc down the haibouj. 