THE VICTOR HARBOUR BREAK WATER. Mr. Bright sustained a most crushing defeat on the division upon his motion for the suspension of the works in con nection with tho Victor Harbour Break - traier. xor me reasons wnicn we navo rJready stated, we think the result is ono upon which both the House and tho country are to be congratulated. Tho course proposed by the member for Woo roora seems to us to be so very ob ectionable that we deem it ad visable again to direct especial attcn ion to the mischief which his action, f successful, might have done in tho way of establishing a moat undesirable pre cedent Every year certain works aro authorized by Parliament, Bome by special Acts, some in Loan Bills, and others by the passing of a sum for tho purpose upon the Estimates. When these undertakings aro once authorized it is the business of the Ministry to carry ont the instructions of the Parliament. If anything afterwards arises to compel delay or to render it undesirable that the work Bhould bo executed at all it is the business of the Ministry to take tho responsibility of a temporary or an en tiro suspension of the work. But it would bo encouraging a most dangerous policy if the Government could delay works in order to meet the exigencies of tho Treasury in tho hope that some member would move a motion that it is desirable they Bhould not be proceeded with. This, however, is just what will be done if tho practice initiated by Mr. Bright is encouraged. The case is still worse whoa an attempt of this kind is made in a now Parliament, and when, with the exception of the change in the personnel of tho House, no new circumstances whatever have arisen to justify the reopening of tho discussion. The North- West Bend lino had been authorized when the outlay for Victor Harbour was passed, and nothing whatever has arisen in the mean time to alter the relative importance of the two works. We will suppose a caso, the injustice of which wo think even Mr. Bright will admit We will Buppoae that last year he had been successful, after repeated efforts, in inducing the Go vernment to place a line on the Estimators for a particular work in his district. Tho Treasurer began to suspect he will havo a deficiency at the end of the year, and ho therefore delayed the work in the hope tli.it in a new House some member would bo found willing to movo that it shall bo delayed. This would be monstrous'y unjust, yet it is in effect wiat Mr. Bright has done. In fact the member for Wooroora was unable to cite a sinylo instance in support of his proceeding. No attempt would bo made to repeal an Act passed only the previous session unle33 it could be shown, or at least attempted to be shown, that it was defectivo or. had not served the purpose intended. Mr. Bright does not, indeed, try to repeal tho authority for the breakwater, -but he wants to make it nugatory, though of course, as the work has not been begun, it is impossible to show that at 'lias not served the end that was expected. The Act for the construction of a railway from - Narracoorte to Mount Gambier — the only ' vestige of a precedent Mr. Bright was able to quote — is not an analogous caso. The decision as to Victor Harbour was arrived at, not suddenly, bnt after years of discussion, and it is monstrous that within six or seven months after tho authority was given an attempt should be made to eet it aside. We attach almost as much importance to the constitutional aspect of the ques tion as we do to the actual merits of this particular case. In some respects tho former is indeed the more important aspect of the two. Mr. Bright, how ever, was equally ineffective with both. No fresh reason was advanced for suspending the undertaking, and tho strongest arguments for vigorously pro- | wetting it were entirely ignored. Thus, ? u the Treasurer urged, to offer tha I Bivenna Bottlers a railway is to offer them wiat they hare already, and there can be no doubt that they have better facilities for shipping their produce at Melbourne than at Port Adelaide. It h quite true that we need to make the railway, Bimply because there are the Victorian lines to the river ; but the strength cf our position is that we have the ley to the water carriage the whole way — a position which, if we use it aright, must always give us a pre-eminence. On this matter the tenor of the statements made in the other colonies is conclusive. They say they do not bo much fear the effects of the railway, though it may, and we believe will, come into poweiml competi tion with their lines ; bat they do fear the breakwater, which will give us a position in which it is impossible for them to compete with us. Quite apart,too, from the direct advantages which would be lost by not going on with the work, the effect of Mr. Brioht'B motion, if carried, would have been most mis chievous. It would have made us the laughing-stock of Victoria, and it would have Btruck a serious blow at the prospect of ever securing by any means the larger share of the Riverina trade. The overwhelming majority against ; the motion happily dispels all fear of such an obnoxious policy as that endorsed by Mr. Bright being sanctioned by ? the House. The result of the division ia the more satisfactory, too, because some of those who voted with the Government were evidently not very strongly in sympathy with the undertaking, but were influenced chiefly by a keen perception of the ill- effects likely to ensue if a precedent like that sought to be introduced were once established. Land Sales fob Jvsz. — The payments into the Treasury on account of land dnring June — the closing month of: the financial year — reached the large sum of £46,595 10s. lOd. This is considerably in 'excess both of the preceding month and of the corresponding month of 1877, and is far above the monthly average for the financial year. This is ? due to the higher prices which are being given for all descriptions of land. The cash sales comprised 2,172| acres, of which 84 acres were township and 2,088£ acres were suburban lands. The former realized £1,875 15a., and the latter £5,658 4a. The credit sales reached 53,095 acres, for which the selectors have contracted to pay £84,857 16s. 6d., or at the rate of close upon £1 12s. per acre. The par ticulars of the credit sales are — newly- opened country lands, 50,340 acres ; forfeited lands again offered and selected, 2,469 acres ; lands that have passed the hammer, 286 acres. The total cash and credit sales amounted in area to 55,267k acres and in value to £92,391 15s. Cd., at which rate it will be seen the public estate is being parted with at the rate of over one million sterling per annum. The amount paid in to the Treasury is made up as follows : — Deposits, &c;, and balances from previous sales, £27,818 2a. 7d. ; completion of purchase of 8,G09i acres under Act 14 of 18G8-9, £13,258 13s. 9d. ; payment of half purchase-money under clause 22 of Act 18 of 1872, £946; second instalment of interest, £4,286 6s. ; interest and extensions, £286 8s. 6d ; making a total, as we have said, of £46,595 10s. lOd. The principal selec tions during the month have been in the Hundreds of Hallett, Kadina, Tickera, Baroota, and Monbulla. Of late the publication of the returns of land sales has been inconveniently delayed. For merly they were published early in each month, and it is to be regretted that this rule is not still followed. A SotrTH ArsTRAixut Loak. — A telegram from London states that a South Australian 4 per cent, loan of £683,500 haa been announced at a minimum of £95. Thb AarrATioir vx Itaxt. — The Italian Ministry have made formal representations to the Austrian Government, disavowing all par ticipation in the agitation existing in Italy in consequence of the decisions arrived at by the Berlin Congress. Thb Chjqtdorazo. — Messrs. J. Stilling & Co. have been advised by their Sydney agents that the steamer Ohimborazo arrived at Aden on the 24th July, 'all well.' This steamer sailed hence on the 2nd inst. Iuxiobahts pkb IivenAmx. — This steam ship, which is expected to arrive at the Sema phore about the 13th August, is bringing forty ? single-men immigrants to this colony. Thb Cash of SmroGixxa at Post ADHtirDH. —The Port Adelaide Police and Customs authorities seized five gallons of whisky on Thursday evening, July 25, on the premises of Mr. 'W. Beattie, Dale-street, Port, which the steward of the Craigendarroch stated he had conveyed there. At the Police Court to-day two charges, we are informed, will be preferred aga inst Captain Bamsay and one against Mr. aad Mr?. Sinclair. Thb Steamer Eanr. — The departure of thi steamship, which was announced to sail on Saturday for Port Pirie, has been postponed, owing to her being about to be placed on the slip for overhaul. Aseiaisb, Uhlbt, Asd Mitchax Tbaxwat. — By the John Duthie, which is just in from London, a shipment, consisting of 112 tons of rails, has arrived for this tramway. The first shipment of sleepers is in the steamer Otway, which is expected to arrive from Western Aus tralia in the coarse of a few days. Obstkcctioss to Bokdbb Teadb.— Mr. Hardy is evidently not satisfied with the Premier's reply to his question in the House of Assembly on July 24, referring fo the obstructions to trade acrosB the Bonier between South Australia and Victoria; and ho has given notice that on August 7 he will move ' that a copy of ' the nature of the steps in writing,' ' mentioned by Mr. Boncant, be laid on the table of the House. ThePremier.it will be remembered, objected to statiog 'the Dature of the steps* token, unless the whole of the document were laid on the table. Pobt Bbocohtoit. — It ia believed that the channel at Port Broughton has shifted. The Engineer of Harbours and Jetties has suggested that the outer beacon shall be shifted 500 or 6C0 feet south of the present position, and the next one about 50 feet south. The reference to the subject will be found in Mr. Hickson'* monthly report for June, read at the last meeting of the Marine Board. Nokthbrs Railways.— The Parliamentary estimate* for the Hallett and Terowie and Gladstone and Georgetown Railways have been laid before Parliament. The length of the former line, which ia to be upon the wide gauge, will be 20 miles 44 chains, and the total cost, including rolling-stock and stations, is set down at £121,711, or £6\C33 per mile. The Glad atone and Georgetown Railway will, of course, be npon the 3-ft. 8-in. gauge. Its length will be 7 miles 28 chains, and the cost £5,655 per mile, or a total of £41,605. t Thb Sabmia.— As touching npon the question row occupying some attention at Port Pirie, whether the new dredger Sainia will be sent there, the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties has advised that Dredger No. 2, which is old and troublesome, should be altogether laid up when +n«» ffur'*** ifl finished* Bail-way through thb Hills. — There was laid on the table of the House of Assembly on Thursday, July 25, a return, moved for by Mr. Bundey, giving particulars as to the surveys made for railways from Adelaide through the bill districts. It showed that there had been do less than ten different surveys made, the longest being for a line from Adelaide to Milang ar Wellington via Meadows and Strathalbyn. Ihat line would have been 7S£ miles in length, whereas the one via Nairne to the Murray Bridge would only be 54i miles. The latter is the line for which the Government have promised to ictroduce a Bill. The ruling gradient of it will be 1 in 33. Concerning the probable traffic the return mentioned that the only statistics a vail - ible were those submitted to the Railway Com mission in 1S75, which showed the tonnage arried npon the main South-Kastern-road by lay to be 58 per cent, higher than that carried jn the main North-Eastern-road during the same hours. It was estimated that there were TD.OiO tons cf merchandise, 183,5*30 passengers by coaches and other vehicles, and 30.-120 foot, passengers passed over the road per annum. Sate of Station Properties.— This aft«rnoon) Mr. James H. Parr, with Messrs. Listou, Shakes' md Co., will offer for sale, at White's Rooms' tie runs known as Winnininnie, Mutooroo, and C-roona; also tbe Wandiilah Estate — a freehold propt rty situated live miles north of Kooringa. Questions in Paruaubmt. — Mr. Boaworth has given notice that on Tuesday, July 30, he will ask the Minister of Education if the In jector of Schools has jet carried out the Council's instructions to recommend a site for a school at Salter's Springs. Mr. Quin will, on the same day, interrogate the Treasurer as to Light dues in this colony being charged at the rate of 5£d. per ton in and the same oat, while in the neighbouring colonies the same dues are only 3d. per ton in and out. He desires to know whether the Government will not take action with a view to assimilating the charges. Pbelharuoxic Society.— At a general meet ing of the Philharmonic Society, held on Thurs day evening at the Liedertafel Hall— Mr. C Hack in the chair— it was reeelved that a concert be given early in August, to be followed by the annual reunion and ball of the Society, to which the public should be admitted only by tickets obtainable from the members. Some routine business having been transacted and the data of the annual meeting fixed, the meeting was closed by a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Special Mebtiko of the Forest Boahd.— A special meeting of the Forest Board was held on Thursday, July 25; present — Mr. G. W. Goyder (in the chair), the Hon. B. T. Finniss, Dr. Schomburgk, and Mr. George McEwin, J J1. The principal object was to consider the follow ing communication from the Hon. Commis sioner of Crown Lands, dated 23rd inst. : — ' The Chairman of the Forest Board.— Dear Sir When the Forest Trees Bill was in Committee of the House of Assembly I promised to obtain a report from the Forest Board as to whether they would recommend an extension af the schedule of the forest tree part of the Act, so as to include the whole of the County of Adelaide within the limits of that part of the Act. I therefore respectfully desire the views of the Board upon the question. — I am,' &c; After some little discussion the Board unanimously arrived at the opinion thst not only the re mainder of the Connty of Adelaide might be added to the schedule, but also the whole of the County of Hindoiarsh ; but they thought that as to these extensions indigenous timber should be excluded from the advantages of tbe Bill, so that the bonus paid by the Government should only apply to useful forest trees planted pur posely under regulations framed for the purpose, and not to any timber common to the locality, which would grow if the land were merely fenced in and protected from depasturage by stock. An application was read from Mr. James Bankine, of Wirrabara, asking permission to cultivate portions of the reserve held by him under lease for pasturage. The Board declined unless he surrendered his lease in order that the land might be gazetted afresh for lease under the new condition of cultivation. The Board text decided the conditions under which por tions of the Wirrabara Forest Reserve, which are to be cut up into garden blocks for sale by auction, should be offered, viz., that the land should be leased for a term of 21 years at an annual rental, the upset price to be £1 per acre. It was agreed to have the plans of the land lithographed for distribution. At Dr. Schom burgk's request the Chairman promised to set aside certain portions of the reserve for the growth of the wattle. Dr. Schomburgk stated to the Board that he had received 300 applica tions for forest trees. White's Rooms.— The Kelly & Leon troupe continue to draw large houses, and it is not to be wondered at, considering the excellent pro gramme presented and the excellent way in which it is carried out. Thursday evening's entertainment consisted of a repetition of the previous evening's programme, and wsa re ceived with many maiks of approbation. In both the principal pieces the ' Only Leon'* ap peared, and was the centre of attraction, his clever acting being loudly applauded. ; Leon will take his benefit to-night, when a new pro gramme is to be presented. EirrBBTAXNinarr at NonwooD. — A concert and minstrel entertainment was held in the Town Hall, Norwood, on Thursday evening, July 25, the proceeds of which are to be devoted towards the Norwood Cricket Club. The attendance was large. The first part of the programme consisted of a drawing-room entertainment arranged by Mr. A. J. Diamond, and was performed by the Norwood Christy Minstrels ; the second part comprised songs, recitations, &c;, all of which were well given by tlie following ladies and gentlemen : — Mrs. Thomlinson, Miss H. Bankine, Messrs. L. Kauffinan, W. H. Dedman, Ridge, Bassington. A. J. Diamond, and J. E. Gooden. Crnr Missiox. — The annual meeting of the City Mission was held in the Mission Hall on Thursday afternoon, July 25. There was a good attendance, and Mr. H. Scott, J.P., the Mayor of Adelaide, presided. A number of resolutions were passed, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Scarcity of Labour.— The Engineer of Harbours and Jetties in his monthly progress report mentions that he had let a contract at Fort Wakefield for cutting a temporary drain in connection with the works there; and that was all that could be done, owing to the scarcity of labour. A much larger drain would, however, have to be made when sufficient men could be obtained. PABAsriBS m Pottltby. — We have been shown a number of curious parasites which are said to infest poultry and by sucking their blood and depositing ova under the skin cause the birds affected to lose condition and waste away till they die. The parasite is about the shape and size of an ordinary tree-bug, covered with a horny granulated skin of a reddish brown colour, and has eight legs with sharp hcoked points. The under part of the head is furnished with a kind of sucker or rather what appears to be three penetrating appliances clo3e to the region of the mouth, ana the creature seems eminently adapted by its conformation for clinging closely to the skin of any bird or animal it fixes itself upon. In appearance it tallies with the description of the Acarus — a genus of Arachnides — which are very numerous and of various sizes. This parasite his been found on all parts of the bodies of fowls, and from its large size most cause them serious annoyance, so that it is not surprising that birds infested die from the effects produced by them. It is thought that careful attention to cleanliness and dryness in fowlhouses and a plentiful use of carbolic acid will banish these pests. Perhaps some of our exparienced poultry fanciers can furnish us with a few useful hints on the subject. Thb Gladstohb Railway. — The Areas Express states that u during the occasion of a flood or after heavy rains passengers by the train desirous of staying at Gladstone have the very unpleasant duty to perform of paddling through a drain, which is two feet deep at least nit the crossing. It is absurdly ridiculous that at the construction of the draia no culverts were built and a proper crossing made. The water at times rushes down this drain to a depth of three feet with great force, and if any acci dent should take place which results in loss of life our paternal Government will be chargeable with it. Stops must be at once taken to f arnish the public with a convenient and suitable crossing.' Thb Locket- Cheating Casb. — Mr. Hardy seems determined to have a more satisfactory answer than was given by the Attorney-General on July 23 to his question in reference to the locket-awindliog case and the dismissal of the accused by Mr. Beddom*. The hon. member has given notice of motion for the production of the Police Magistrate's report, together with all correspondence and minutes bearing on the anbiect. Theatsb Royal.—' Much Ado about Nothing'' was gives on Thursday evtning before a good but by no means crowded house. We cannot complacent Mr. Creswick on the manner in which ' this charming comedy was presented. Very seUom have 'we seen it fall so flatly, and tbe fault was Dot the filling of the subsidiary rrles, for Mr. Creswick himself has tot hitherto appealed to such disadvantage as in the part of Benedict. It cannot be said that the repre sentation was altogether a failure. That would be much too strong a term to use, and we which Mr. Creswick's undoubted skill as an actor would render altgether unjustifiable, but that the part is not one in which he might reasonably be expected to be highly successful was very palpable to all who witnessed his impersonation. Of all Shakspeaxe's comedies ' Much Ado about KothiDg' requires the lightest of light comedy acting to make it thoroughly effective, and this was certainly not a characteristic of Thursday night's performance. Mr. Creswick's Benedict, although like all his othpr presentations it was a careful study carefully presented, did not give a rightidea of the light- hearted, nimble-toiigued youDg bachelor ; but on the contrary was only redeemed from actual stiff ness by Mr. Creswick's unquestionable art. Miss Ashton's Beatrice was a creditable and painstaking impersonation, but not a remarkably striking one. There was a decided lack of the brilliant vivacity which one expects to see in the witty, wicked, stormy little termagant Beatrice. Her acting in the latter scenes was an improvement ; but the part does not suit her. The best rendered, though far from being the most important part in the comedy, was that of Antonio, by Mr. Martin, whose denunciation of the detractors of Hero was one of the most capable histrionic efforts we have yet had from him. Mr. Martin is making the best use of his opportunities, ai-d is improving almost daily. Mr. Reynolds acted with more restraint thin usual as Claudio,p.ud consequently was irore effective. He dresses well, and has an excellent stage ap pearance and voice, and if he can subdue his tendency to rant will make a good actor. Mr. John Owen's Dogberry was decidedly the happiest effort he has yet presented in Ade laide. His success was in a great measure due to the humorously appropriate make-up which he adopted. This is a point in which hitherto he has not been too particular, and we are glad to notice signs of improvement. The remaining dramatis ptrsona were represented as under :— Leonato (Governor of Messina), Mr. W. J. Holloway ; Don Pedro (Prince of Arragon), Mr. R. W. Liwrence ; Don Juan, Mr. Frank Forbea ; Verges, Mr. M. Forde ; Borachio, Mr. Gladstone ; Con rade, Mr. A. F. Grantleigh; Seacole, Mr. Charles ; Sexton, Mr. Fredericks; Friar, Mr. C. S. Irvine; Balthazer, Mr. W. Medus; Hero (Daughter to Leocate) Miss Maggie Knight ; Ursula, Miss Grace Hathaway ; Margaret, Miss Lottie Graham. The comedy will be repeated this evening, and on Saturday night ' Othello7' will be presented. Marixb Board.— A meeting of this body took place on Thursday morning, July 25, when all the members were present. The report of the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties was read for June, and several interesting statements were contained in it. The Board of Traile, to whom a copy of the evidence taken at an enquiry as to the grounding of the Ivanhoe at Point Malcolm in February last was transmitted, have taken up thesubject of the unsatisfactory state of our pilot service, and a suggestion has come from Sir M. H. Beach, Secretary of State for the Colonies, suggesting that it might be found advisable to improve the service if on examina tion that should be found necessary. The pilot at the enquiry referred to stated that pilots could not board vessels until the contractor for the boat service chose to take them off. The matter is cot new to tbe Marine Board, who showed that they had repeatedly c-illed attention to the unsatisfactory condition of the service. They had proposed two remedies— the placing of a cutter at the disposal of the pilots, to lie stationed about ten miles south of the Semaphore to meet vessels as they arrived ; or tbe abolition of compulsory pilotage. They preferred the latter course, as the former would bring about pilotage rates disproportionate to the services rendered. Upon an application for the remission of light dues upon Harrold Bros.' line of steamers it was affirmed desirable to abolish light dues altogether. The subject of certain disabilities under which masters of coasting and home vessels suffer in shipping and discharging crews was brought to notice by Mr. J. S. Turpbull, but the consideration was deferred, as it was believed the matter was engaging the attention of the Government at the present time. Mohxt-Oedeb Offices.— On the 1st August next Money-Order Offices will be opened at Crystal Brook and Beautiful Valley. Coxiibsls.tiom. — Last Sunday the Roman Catholic Bishop made a visitation to St. John's Port Elliot, and 47 young people received con firmation. Feeh Edccatioh.— Mr. C. S. Hare has given fresh notice of his motion in favour of free education, and it is now set down for Wednes day, August 7, by which time the Budget will have been introduced, the financial condition of the colony will have been discussed, and some idea will probably have been given of the intentions of the Government in reference to the general question of education. Poixn»o-piACB atPoihtPass.— Mr. Shannon, M P^ ifl taking steps to have Point Pass declared a polling-place in the Electoral District of Light. Railway Navvies.— Still they go! say the tradesmen who suffer by the sudden departure of some of the navvies who leave the B&runga; Railway works without giving due notice of their intention to the storekeepers who supply them with all the necessaries for their creature comfort. Every Sunday morning the Flinders takes away from Wallaroo (says the local paper) a large number of these men for Port Augusta en route for the Port Augusta and Government Gums Railway ; and Sunday last, July 21, was kio exception to the rule, as many proceeded from Kadina to Wallaroo for that purpose on Saturday night last. On making enquiries why they were proceeding North, they stated that the earthworks on tha Barunga Railway were nearly finished, and that they had lost so much time lately that they could hardly make sufficient to keep themselves in ' tucker,1* while on the Government Gums line they ex pect constant employment for a number of years. Kadina ami Poet Wakeftbld Railway.— On Friday last the men employed began the work of pulling up the portion of tbe Kadina and Port Wakefield Railway near the Hum mocks which was condemned by the Engineer in- Chief on his recent visit. Of course (remarks the Wallaroo Times) we do not for a moment blame Mr. Mais for what he has done, knowing how absurd it would be for a gentleman holding such a position as he does to make a tour of a hundred miles and return again without seeing anything to find fault with ; bat we certainly think that it is time that our members took seme stand, in order that the line may be avail able for the incoming harvest. For the last three years, at least, the farmers who will be benefited by the line have been hoping that it would be ready for them when they required it ; but after the unpardonable delay and the end less disappointments there seems really less hope of the line being completed for the coming harvest than there was three years ago. Thb Doora Mnra. — We are pleased to learn (says the Wallaroo Tints) that another start is to be made at the Doora Mine. It has been let, we are informed, on a tribute of 15s. in the pound, to Captain W. Polglaise, late of the Reedy Creek Mine, who, with a number of men, intends prosecuting the work vigorously, and we feel satisfied that their enterprise will be rewarded. Although the result of operations latterly haa not been satisfactory, it must be re membered that some three or fonr years ago large quantities of ore were raised from this mine. Now that matters are settled satisfac torily in Europe, and that there ia a likelihood of the copper market advancing, we hope to see the other mines that have been ' knocked' iu the district again «ommencing operations. OpKjmra MrsEnis ox Sundays. — It is men tioned in the Sydney Evening Xeics of Monday, July 15, that at the Sydney Museum the previous day there were upwards of 2,000 visitors, while nearly 300 persons attended the Free Public Library, so that these institutions are used to some purpose on Sundays after all. We nny add to this (remarks the Argus/ that, accordiag to New Zealand papers received yesterday, the Colonial Museum at Wellington was opened on Sunday, the 7th instant, for the first time, and daring the two hours the place was open abont 650 people attended. At the time for closing a large number of people were inside, and fresh arrivals continued to present themselves. FiSHHaMES of Poet Adklaidb.— In reply to a request of Mr. D. Bower, SLP., the Mayor for Port Adelaide, fishermen are to be allowed the temporary use of the land adjacent to the old Powder Magazine, Port Adelaide, to land fish and mend nets. Lohdox and Lakcashibb Fisb Ixsvbakcb Johpasy. — At the atonal meeting of tbe London and Lancashire Fire Insurance Oom my recently held iu London, the surplus, on , he operations for the year 1S77 was shown to je £-54,931. The annual fire premium, income *as aUted to be £253,411. At the meeting the Directors were empowered to doable the capital, Baking it now £2,OC0,0CO. They at once exer :ised half of their powers and issued 20,000 hares of £25 each, at a premium of £2 on each hare, thus sddiog another £40,000 to the Xeserve Fund, making the Company's security ;ow as follows:— Paid-up capitsl, £150,000; Reserve Fund for fire losses, £116,000 ; reserved apital at call of Directors, £1,350,000. Adeiaidb Ascatetb Athxktic Cltb. — The idjourned annual meeting of this Club was held it the Prince Alfred Hotel on Thursday evening; tfr. R. VT. Hall in the chair. The following nembers were elected to office : — Messrs. C. W. Inghes, H. S. Wyatt, and G. A. Farr, Com nitteemen; Mr. A. M. Hargrave, Hon. Secre ary, vice Mr. G. A. Farr, resigned ; and Mr. R. V. Hall, Treasurer, tiee Mr. A. M. Hargrave. several new rules were made, the principal one leing that no member shall be disqualified by noning for money at tbe annual military ports. Johs BcirYAif . — The opening lecture in c*n lection with the Chalmers Church Young fen's literary Society was delivered in the choolroom on Thursday evening* July 25, by he Rev. D. Paton, who took for his subject ' John BuDyan.' Mr. H. Young presided. There ras a fair attendance, notwithstanding the in ilement weather. The lecturer did full justice 0 the subject of his discourse, drawing largely rom the autobiography of Bunyan, and reading 1 summary of his second great allegory, the 'Holy War,' commenting upon tbe salient points o show the earnest character of the extxa irdinary man whose early life gave co little womke, but whose after career made him a rorld-famous moral teacher. He spoke of the lepth of meaning, subtle humour, pertinent, )owerful, yet simple style of writing in the ' Holy War,' wherein Bunyan displayed a deep rnowledge of human nature and a firm purpose owards a noble end. In reference to his master jiece, the 'Pilgrim's Progress,' the lecturer dwelt ipon the genius displayed in this beautiful illegory, and the power of fascination it bad -ver the reader. To the power and skill of the inthor he attributed the to some surprising act that a story containing a hidden meaning, f ritteu for a high moral purpose, should obtain 0 wide and general a popularity. Socth Atjstealian IssrBANCB CoMPAjrr. — iVe learn that the Directors of this Company lave recommended the payment of a dividend )f 2s. per share for the last half-year. The Company's operations for the year have been of 1 highly successful nature. Naeeo'w Escape. — During the passage from London »f the John Duthie one of the ap prentices fell from the foretop into the sea, but po smartly was the manoeuvre of launching the boat executed that he was picked up little the worse for his perilous adventure. Hamxet Mcnua Co. — From the balance-sheet jf this Company we note that during the six months ending June 30, 1,927 tons of copper ore were sold for the sum of £13,2S0 5s. 5d., and chat against this the mine's expenditure, exclu sive of money spent on machinery and buildings, was £10,399 lls. Id., showing a profit of n3arly £2,000. The expenditure, however, upon ma :hinery and buildings exceeds this surplus by ibout £1,000. The Directors, in their report, itate : — ' On account of the continued depres sion in the copper market the aim of the Di rectors during the past six months has been the gradual development of the mine, so far as the proceeds of ore sold have enabled them to prosecute such operations. By carrying jnt this policy they hope to create reserves jf ore to tall back upon when prioes become more remunerative.' The Captain reports : — * During the past six months we have weighed md delivered to the English and Australian Copper Company, of Port Adelaide, 1,834 tons i cwt. of crushed and jigged ore, averaging I7i per cent, and 206 tons IS cwt. of slimes, iveraging 11 J per cent., making a total of 2,041 tons 1 cwt. gross weight. This, I believe, is the largest quantity of ore ever sent away from the mine in ore half-year. We have now 200 tons of ore on the mine dressed, worth 18 per cent., rod 30 tons of glimes worth 11J per cent. We have also 230 tons of ore worth 17 per cent, at surface and underground broken, and 600 tons of slime on the mine not dressed, worth about i per cent. The quantity of ore raised during the past six months is 1,750 tons. If thought ad visable, we could have raised a much larger quantity, as the work in several of our principal stopes has been suspended for several months past. The number of persons now employed on the mine is 175— viz , 74 on tutwork, 27 on tribute, and 74 at surface employed at sundry work. We have now a sufficient number of buddies at work on Taylor's floors to dress all the slime the crusher makes. The machinery throughout the mine is in fair working order. r think from the places now in operation our returns will be about 200 tons of from 17 to 18 per cent, ore per month, but Bhould the price of copper rise to anything like a reasonable figure we can raise a much larger quantity. Ia con clusion, I beg to say that it is my opinion that by carrying out the works recommended the nine will be placed in a permanent and profitable position.' 'Doth xot a Mebtejo ijxb this Makb Amends?'— 'Atlas,' in the World, says:— * Amadem, Duke of Aosta, and ex-King of Spain, noticed at the Elysee on the 1st a fat woman staring at him with big round eyes. He thought he knew the face, but could not remem ber who it was, when he saw her beckon Cialdini, the Italian Ambassador, and it flashed across him that it was the Queen of Spain, whose vacant throne he had kindly accepted. To avoid being led up to her he went in bravely and pre sented himself, a little awkward as to how to break the ice. But the Queen's cordiality soon set him at ease. At her request he visited her next day ; and, in spite of his protestations, within an hour she returned his visit to the Grand Hotel, where he is living en gan;on (and paying, tntrt parentkae, 1,600 francs a day for board and lodging for himself and his modest suite). But the strangest part of all is that while AmadeuB was visiting Queen Isabella in walked Don Carlos with his wife, Donna Mwgherita.' Wants of Kctpaba. — A deputation, con sisting of Messrs. P. Daniel, R. Hamdorff, R. Stephens, J. P. Spry, J. Richardson, L. Hewitt, JJ?., with Messrs. Boss and Furner, MJVs, waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Wednesday, July 24. with reference to the proposed District of Port Wakefield. It was strongly Urged by the deputation that great in justice would be inflicted on the residents of Kulpara if they were included, as proposed, withia the said district, as their interests were not identical, and that nearly the whole of the residents of Kulpara were opposed to the pro posal. It was also urged that the proposed District of Kulpfra would be much more ad vantageous to the residents on that side, and that they were quite capable of managing their own affairs without being tacked on to Port Wakefield. The Commissioner promised to give the matter his careful attention with a view to complying with the wishes of the depu tation when it came before him for decision. The same deputation waited upon the Com missioner of Public Works (Hon. G. C. Hawker) in reference to the shifting of the railway station from the proposed soot seven miles from Port Wakefield. The Commissioner promised to send an engineer to meet the inhabitants on the ground on Tuesday next. Nearly Caught. — A few months ago (says tbe Southern Argus of July 2-3) nnny persons were frightened and some depredations were done by some person who assumed the role o£ a ghost The same person or an imitator hag commenced playing the same pranks again. On Monday evening, about half -past 11, the inmates of the honse belonging to the late Mr. J. R. Harris were disturbed by a noise at the back door. On the housekeeper proceeding to ascer tain the cause she was startled by the figure of a person enveloped in a white sheet. She had the couraee, however, to seize a corner of the sheet and'demand who was there. A neighbour coming up at the time and attracting the house keeper's attention, the ghost, who was unmis takably of the feminine gender, escaped. Shrewd suspicions are entertained of the identity of the party, and she will consult her own safety by discontinuing her disgraceful conduct. Thb Giawt Tekes of TAMAjnA.— In a paper read by the Sev. J. E. Tenison Woods before the Royal Society of New South Wales he gives it as his opinion that the ages of the giant trees of Tasmania range from 50 to 75 years. Health or Fathhe Coekaol— We are in formed that Father Cormack is so far recovered that he is able to take outdoor exercise. Maitlasd Post aito Teleobaph Otticr. — Our corre»poEdent atMartland writing on July 4, saya: — A public meeting was held here at the hotel, on Monday eyeni«ig last to consider the question of the proposed railway through the hill districts, Mr. J*mes CobWedick , oc cupied the chiir, and urged npon those present the advisability of signing the petition, bat although there were about 40 persons present only 25 of that number did so. Instead of taking a bread and comprehensive view of the matter, it was thought by Mae that a railway would be detrimental to our interests; that onr wood, fruit, and vegetables would not be worth so much ; that such commodities would be brought from the Murray Flats ; and that the land here would consequently deteroriate in value. Others said they would sign if the railway was likely to come to their own door. A discussion ensued as to the quality of the land North and South. It is to be hoped that the members for the district, Messrs. Bundey and KrichaufT, will not be so narrow and selfish in their ideas, bnt will .take the proper view of the matter. AlLEGED LaXD SWIXDLB AT CASTBRTOK.— The Caaterton correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator, writing on the 4 th instant, makes the following serious charge against the administra tion of the Lands Department : — ** There axe jobs, and jobs, and one in, of course, very natu rally disinclined to believe that the ' People's Ministry7 — especially the poor man's friend, the Honourable the Minister of Lands — could ever countenance, much less perpetiate one; but even my sanguine faith wavers under such cir cumstances as I am now about to explain. The Gazette of the 29th March last advertised certain lots of land to be sold at Casterton on the 30th April. The sale was duly effected, and of the lots sold it appears that Nos. 13, 14, 15, and 16 were coveted by the Bank of Victoria, and the first of these was knocked down, at the rate of £1 ISs. per acre, to the Manager of one of the branches of the said Bank. (I may state that the upset price of these four blocks was 30s. per acre, with valuations for improvement*^ This first lot, No. 13, was, as I have said, knocked down to the banking gentleman mentioned, and the sale of this lot. mind you, has not been revoked. The other three lots followed, and although the agent of the Bank ran them np, they were all three purchased by Mr. Carl Blume, at the rate of £l 16s. and £1 17s. per acre; but lo! and behold, although Blume paid over £1,000 down — being the total amount of his purchases, valuations included — the Lands Department, at the end of a month's time from the date of purchase, wrote to Mr. Blnme, informing him that the sales of land made to him on the 30th April were revoked ; neither cause, explanation, nor justifiction being attempted (significant !). Mr. Blume, as I have already stated, paid cash down, and from that day to this has not been reimbursed his outlay. To make a gross job still more rank, the land sold to Blume by public auction and revoked has been and is now again advertised for sale here on the 23rd inst., the upset price being fixed at exactly the same figure which Blume bid and paid on the last occasion it was offered, the inference being that the land will be again withdrawn by the ' poor man's friend,' in case his impecunious protege, the poor Bank of Victoria, is not allowed to rig the market, and rule the roast at a free and public auction sale of the people's land ia the freest of all colonies under the sun. Since the foregoing nefarious (I must call a spade a Bpade) trans action took place, Mr. Carl Blume has pur chased 3,500 acres of land in South Australia, and disgusted, as he may well be, is about ,to take his capital and other belongings to a land unfavoured by democratic Ministers and where, it is to be hoped, there are no wolves in sheep's clothing, who call aloud, 'The People! the People ! ' and work in secret behind the cuckoo cry in the interests of a banking institution — such working being conducted in a manner as to make a few blind adherents imagine that it is purely and entirely disinterested.' Torpedoes of ho Use. — The Newcastle Weekly Chronicle says: — 'The revolution effected in naval warfare by the use of torpedoes will scarcely be so great as was anticipated. It has now been proved that hostile waters can be cleared of these ' infernal machines' without the loss of a boat or even of a single man. 'Most torpedoes are charged with dynamite, and this material is exploded by detonation or vibration. It is sensitive to the slightest shock, and recent experiments have proved that one torpede placed at a distance of 300 feet frem another will explode on the explosion of its neighbour. The discovery o£ this circumstance, which is said to have been made by some Danish naval officers, led to the maturing of a plan for rendering torpedo warfare as little dangerous as possible. Countermining is now proved to be a sufficient defence against torpedoes. A vessel approaching waters defended by these means Bends out a launch which sinks torpedoes at distances of two or three hundred yards. It then retires whilst they are exploded, and the explosion clears the waters for a wide radius of any lurking danger. Experiments to prove whether this method of countermining could be relied on were made recently at Portsmouth in presence of several members of Parliament, and they were found quite satisfactory. But what must have surprised the spectators most was the sight of a launch which carried the countermines, and which was steered by electric cables without a single sailor on board. The satisfactory nature of experiments like this considerably reduces the value of torpedoes as weapons of defence.' Qr^EH Victoeia's Diamohds. — The writer of ' London Town Talk' in the Arytu siys : — 'Tbe great objects of admiration to the native visitors of the Paris Exhibition are, it teems, Queen Victoria's diamonds, over which eight policemen and gendarmes keep guard both night and day. On the first occasion the Freuch ladies were so enthusiastic that their pressure broke through the glass case containing them, which has necessitated a railing similar to that our Royal Academy authorities put up in front of their sensational pictures. What I object to is that the real Koh-i-noor is there, the pre sence of which, if rumour is to be trusted, was denied to our own Exhibition in London. It was always said to be only a model in crystal, and that if even that admirable schema of an underground tunnel, made to open just under neath it, and into which it shotdd drop, had succeeded, thst the ingenious but dishonest engineer would have reaped nothing for his pains but a bit of glass and the bitter experience that ' all is not Koh-i-noor that glitters.' * Roham CATHeuc Schools. — The Christian Brothers have secured from the South Aus tralian Cbmpany for £3,000 an excellent piece of^land as a site for the schools and residences they intend to erect. The land is on the north side of and has a frontage to Wakeneld-street, with Acland-street on the west side and a small street on the north. The plans for the buildings are being prepared by Mr. E.i Beyer, and the erection will be carried out as Boon as possible. The foundation-stone will be laid about the 15th of next month. 