LA DOUCE AMIE. There may be brisker and more sprightly, more energetic, and even, cleverer than she, but there is no one who is more ?winning, or the charm of whose personality more thoroughly interpenetrates the whole of her being. What the bright and tender dawn is to the sullen sultry night— what the sweet quiet of the evening is to the glare of the noon or the stormy unrest of the day — that is fa douce amie in comparison with others ; those others, say, who take away one's breath by over-activity on the one hand, or who 6poil for us life and time by their uncom'ortable tempers and unruly passions on the other. Placid and pleasant gentle in manner and mild in speech, with a soft voice' and dewy eyes, she is emphatically what the Italians call simpatica, and is as far removed from fatiguing bustle of habits as she is from sullenness or rage. She is the one to whom the little children in the house go for comfort in their troubles ; whom women and girls of her own age naturally make their confidante ? with whom, when matured and with experience, men forget their anxieties and feel themselves refreshed ? and whom while still young older women would do their best to protect from sorrow and anxiety on her own account. Of all the goddesses, one might fancy hermost like Demeter before her loss — Demeter in the days of her happy youth, untroubled, peaceful while yet Persephone was too young to have attracted' the love which led to death, and while her own life was simply one of gradous giving and glad receiving, of joy in the sun that shone, and generous return to the hands that wrought. The spoiled darling of all, she is neither vain nor selfish, but is as ready 1 1 credit others with their powers of attraction as she is unaffectedly happy in her own. She is not her own sun, denying even the glory of the planets ; but sees beauty in her companions, and neither depreciates those whose loveliness is uniike hers, nor feels herself aggrieved by the rivalhood of those who are beautiful in her special style, and whose ' points ' may be surpass hers. She is content with herself as she is ; why indeed should she not be ? Young, beautiful,' sweet-tempered, beloved, and loving : if there is a % in her ointment— as in all probability there ig somewhere — it is only a very small one, and the fragrance of the ointment is strong. La douce amie is not one of the women who think it part of the feminine mission to bother themselves and all about them with ' questions,' not half understood, but none the less fiercely advocated and noisily dis cussed. She has no catalogue to be marke i off on her ? fingers of woman's rights here, and of woman's ? wrongs there ; but she has her own Bweet code of ? woman's duties, which includes among other things ? obedience to authority, respect for experience, belief in ? the supremacy of a husband for those who are wives, ? and in the all-important claims of children for those ? who are mothers. Home is to her the sweetest place ? of all ; and, though she enjoys her pleasures like any other healthy girl, she is always glad to get back to the quiet pursuits of her own home and the unexciting love of her own family. She holds this love higher than amusement, and shrinks like a sensitive plant from all pleasure that bears with it a breath of dissipation. Where she is no fun becomes fast or furious ; and the man who respects no one elBe feels himself constrained to respect her. Yet she likes to please, and generally succeeds in her liking ; is careful to do well those things which are laid on her to do, and is heartened exceedingly by the praise for which she has worked and deservedly won ; and though if her efforts are passed over in silence she does not sulk or gloom, still she is a little overcast, and her sweetness, though ever sweet, has a shade of melancholy in it that cannot fau to strike those who know her well, when she is not caressed for her endeavours and praised for her efforts. She is not vain, yet she takes pains to look nice, and would think it odd if she had not admirers where the possibility of them exists. She has been so long used to admiration that it comes as by right — like flowers in the spring time or fruit in the summer— something integral to the condition of things, and creating neither exultation nor surprise when found. She is rather embarrassing, however, with her love affairs, and is perpetually obliged to go to her responsible care takers to help her out of the difficulties into which her a gracious sweetness and men's want of penetration have thrown her. Then her soft eyes fill with tears, nd she is ' so sorry ' for the mischief that she has unintentionally wrought ; but what can she do ? She cannot marry them all, she says simply, and in the v, arrassments of the choice declines to man y any. Tenacious in her affections, she is inclined to be om°what fluid in her occupations, taking up now one th'ng and now another with an ardour which would he heroic were it lasting. But the pleasure of a pur suit dors not last very long, and she passes from art to botany, and from knitting to study, from painting nictures to learning crewel work, and from a language f a fcience, with that need of outside stimulus which belongs to a nature that i* everything but ener etic For la douce amic is, in truth, the very reverse Sf energetic in mind or body. Graceful in figure, she ?~4ow in her movements, and is as little hurried in her actions as she is flurried in her mind—' a kind of leenv Yenus.' She cannot walk fast at any time, B d is by no means a first-rate mountaineer or com mendable crag-climber ; but she can ride with ease nd eraee, and she is ho coward either on horseback or elsewhere. She is fond of boating, and, oddly j pioiHi. throws most of her physical energy into vinuning ; but perhaps she likes as well as this to sit l,v the seaside listening to the light splashing of the waves while she leads a love story which might have been her own, or sket'-hes the outlines of fair Capri lying like a jewel on the bosom of the deep blue sea. As a rule her pleasures are of the still and sedentary kind, and strong exercise is as uncongenial to her as violent emotions are strange— always excepting her love of riding and swimming, both of which she likes and does well. La douce amie has pretty little tricks of speech that match sundry pretty little tricks of look, and her manners are informed with a certain shy and quiet coquetry infinitely bewitching. This coquetry is instinctive and more than half unconscious, in which latter fact lies its charm ; perhaps, however, being human, and a daughter of Eve like any other, the lesser half, if not quite fully conscious, is not wholly asleep, and she is not disinclined to profit by certain gifts of nature apparently bestowed for the purpose. When she lowers her head and looks up from under the shadow of her arched brows and long eyelashes, surely she knows that either way she is charming — either when she looks swiftly, shyly, suddenly, and as suddenly drops her eyes in a pretty half- veiled and Ualf-revealed confession, or when she stands like a stag at gaze, with that open, long, and steady look which scarcely seems to see so much as the mirror, and wherein one thinks to discern her very eoul. Is either look entirely without consciousness of the effect produced? Perhaps yes, perhaps no ; perhaps some pmes it is a mere trick of nature, as nature herself has taught her, and sometimes with a dash of art working through experience superadded, and the knowledge out not the calculation of results. Anyhow, these Pretty little tricks of look and manner are charming ; and the most prudish cannot resent their adoption, if tna.envious and jealous dislike their consequences. ?In times of trouble sympathetic, in times of plea sure la douce amie is ever bright and cheerful, and ready to make one with the rest, if the rest do not^ go too far and are not inclined to be too fast. A child like spirit of fun runs through her i n spite of her womanly tenderness, and she is not ashamed to be merry when others are gay. But she is never the one to start the game, to propose the dance, to suggest the excursion, nor to organize the details of one that is already suggested. She says 'Yes,' when others say ' Will you ?' but she does no more ; and for the most part this is enough, the world being full at this moment of feminine activities rather appalling to encounter. Always courteous and sweettempeied, she never shows herj secret enmities, and her worst display of displeasure is no more than a summer cloud over the clear blue sky. But she can be roused to indignant pity for hypothetical wrongs, and her tears are near her eyes for touching stories of an) kind, whether fictitious or real. She is fond of stories, tender, thrilling, pathetic ; 6tories about the hard usage of lovers, and of early death from disappoint ment, or of the triumph of her favourite virtue, con stancy, and the crooked things made straight at last under the bridal veil and before the altar ; but she grows pale and trembles when she hears of horrors and violence, and tales of ghosts and haunted houses are as abhorrent to her peace-loving nature as are those of foul crime and desperate murder. Such things may do for heroines and sibyls ; la douce amic is neither— simply a loving, tender, sympathetic woman, without a fibre in her nature that corresponds to horror, or a thought that can even imagine crime. And now, where is the pepper in the cheesecakes ; the rust on the polished steel ; the thorn of this fra grant rose? In indolence, and all that this includes. La douce amie, with every moral quality that makes womanhood the world's delight, has this one unmis takable personal defect. She is indolent ; therefore she is unpunctual. Always last, the whole party is assembled waiting impatiently on the lawn, when she creeps slowly down with her picturesque head shyly lowered, and her pretty mouth framed to her constant speech: 'So sorry.' She looks so penitent, she blushes so prettily, she has such an air of candid distress, that every one pardons her forthwith, and all but those who know her by heart believe in her future active repentance, and that sorrow will lead to refor mation. Not a bit of it ! To-morrow sees her as late as to-day, and the next day will see her probably later still ; but the pretty shy manner of shame and. self- reproach, the blush, and the graceful head will gain her pardon then as now ; and perhaps some of the party will think her unpunctuauty more beauti ful than the precision of the rest, and will think the I hurry and turmoil necessary now to catch the boat, or the hour's delay at the dull station because of the lost train, cheaply bought by the charm of her confusion and the grace of her confession ? For who can be harsh to her even when she does wrong? No one! She was born into the world to be loyed, and she receives her allotted portion without stint or denial. For do not her merits so far surpass her faults as to throw these too completely into the shade for condemnation to be poibless ? — The Queen. A parrot is said to live to be 200 years old. A barber does not live so long, but he talks more. 