) THE PHAN T O M MINEE. ) C A story of the old gold digging days.) ( " ThlTj you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale old ) gentleman of .70 years. "Well, I will relate a peculiar ; ( affair that happened on Tall mans Gully, in 1859." \ We were all attention, and listened to the very remark - ( able narrative he related in the following manner : / " You must know," commenced my uncle, " that I and . \ four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the . ( river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ) we were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everytlay's f work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were ) every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink \ of a pick-, about fifty yards/from our canvas home. This ( confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did ) not cease until 'the break of day. One night we were \ determined to see who it was ; so we sallied forth in the ( bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel ) shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an \ old claim which had been deserted for many. years. I was ( chosen spokesman, to expostulate, with this noisy digger; ) but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, \ transfixed with horror,— for the wearer of the digger's ( clothes was no lining man, but a skeleton !" ) " Uncle Ned I" we all cried, "how fearful." \ " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- ; / to-do looking man, of about fifty years of age, who ! ) enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. ( He told us that in '51 he and a mate of his deserted from ( one of Her Majesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans ) gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few ( mouths, when' the new comer went 'down to Melbourne to / see about some letters. Before he went, he said to his ) mate; 'Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the C claim/for-a day until I come back.' Bob promised, and / they parted. 'I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- ) digger, '.and there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on ( board ; and now that T. have obtained my discharge, I / have hastened up here to find my old chum.' ' You wili \ see hinr to-night,' I said ; ' but you'll find him very much , changed.'- At midnight, the everlasting clink of the / phantom's pick was. heard, and we all turned out. 'Ah!' ) cried' /the sailor, 'there's dear old Bob. .Bob, here I am back. Bob, speak' to ' me.' He ran to the' figure, which ' turned itshideousface on him;. With aloud shriek the seeker j fell senseless on the ground. The ghost threw down its pick, ahdiyauished. In the mofbifig Ave discovered the 1 poof sailor a raving lunatic." " I " Oh/ uncle Ned, what a fearful story."- ." Well, -you asked Hie to j tell you a; story, and I have l done so;" ' " i 1 , '. ' Then, it is not true '! " . " . .";'Well,f said our uncle, laughing, t' it is as tfuelas many I of the absurd yarns/that got about during the raging of , the gold fever. Ah, those 'were- 'strange- days, when men wouid undergo any amount of/ privation for a few ounces I of gold. How different it is now; /for should a man be . pushed/for a lafg'e/or small amount" all that he has to do is tbrhave.an interview/with ' - DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collms street east. Who has from. £5 46 £10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with - 'or without security), salary orders, life I policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, . merchandise, on' expected remittances, or on moneys per sons may be entitled to froih England and elsewhere, etc., ) repayable' to suit the convenieuce of borrowers. . Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and ' mortgage's from 6 per cent. " 