WEEKLY SMPPIJVGr REPORT. Messrs. Wm. M'Culloch and Co.'s shipping report for the week ending 5th October, 1878: Agnes and barge Rabbie Burns, sailed 5th instant with 310 tons general cargo for Hay and Upper Mtirrumbidgee. Alfred and barge Darling sailed from Hay 30th ult., for Echuca with 970 bale3 wool., and should arrive abont 8th inst. Ethel Jackson and barge Namoi sailed from Bourke on the 11th instant, and should arrive here with a full load o£ wool liafore the end of the month. . Elizabeth and barge John Campbell left Hay for Echuca on the 2nd instant with 1,081 bales of wool. She will pick up another 500 bales in tlie Lower'Murrumbidgee, and will arrive here about the 10th instant with the barges and cargo of wool for the season. Stie leaves the barge Scottish Chief at Hay to load wool. Bmily Jane and barge Wyuna left North West liend for Hay ou the 2nd instant for a full load of-wool. Freetrader and barge Gwydir left Echuca for Bourke on the 3rd instant with 250 tons, and passed Swaii Hill on the 4th instant; all well. Gem left here on the 26th ultimo, and ar riv«d at :Uenindie on the 4th instant. She loads wool for Goolwa. Hero and barge Queen arrivod on tlie 3rd instant with 1,107 bales wool from Murrurn bidgefl, and loads, immediately, a full barge lor the Darling. Edwards and barge Blue Bells arrived from Edwards River jii the Dth instant with 890 bales wool, and sails again ou the Sth instant for iloulamein. Kelpie and barge Jessie arrived on the 3rd instant from Bairariald with 1,099 bales of wool. The steamer returned to Balranald on the 4tii instant for barge Horace, leaving the Jessie here to load for Wilcannia. Lancashire Lass and barge Federation sailed:on the 5th inst., for Went worth, with 1S15 tons of cargo fur Wilcannia. ilurrmnbidgee and barge Alice sailed on the 2nd instant, for a full load of flour, in tended for shipment to Wilcannia by steamer Pearl, which boat will arrive from Goolwa during the ensuing wee!:. Princess and barges Pelican and Advance passed Wilcannia on the 1st instant for Bourke, with 440 tons oi cargo from Goolwa. Pride of the .Murray and barge Lancashire Witch leave Wentworth on the 9th inst., and will return here wjtli a full cargo of wool. Rob Hoy and barge Swan leave. Goolwa on the 9th inst., with 250 tons of cargo for Wilcannia. yjXiit! iiodney is loading a full cargo for Wilcannia. liuby a.id barges Elfie and Paika arrived at Wilcannia ou the 1st inst., with a large cargo from Guolwa, and returns to A lber niHrle to tow the barge Border Chief to Wil cannia. Siautiler and bnrge Goulbircn left hero on the 29th ult., with 195 tons of cargo for Wil caunia, and arrived at Wentworth on the 3rd instant, having made a quick run of four and a half days. Success and barge Ivlildura sailed on the 5th instant for Bourke, with 350 tons of general cargo. Trafalgar and barge Sarah Jane arrived on the 5th instant from Wentworth, with a full load of wool. Victoria and barges Swallow and Eagle passed Menindie on the 4th instant, for Wentworth with 1,800 bales of wool. These barges will pick up 4U0 bales of wool at De Arch's Tarcoola Station,.and will be brought on from Wentworth to Echuca by the Lan cashire Lass, tlie Victoria returning to Wilcannia with the Federation barge. Waradgery and . barge Paroo arrived at Bourke on the otli ; lust. She returns to Goolwa with a full load of copper ore and wool. . ' ? .' Wool received for the week ex Wm. M'Oulloch's steamers, 1,846 bales. Cargo outwards, 393 tons. A DEMENTED Chin'ahan'.-A Chinaman at the Cnuip here (says the Bullaral Star) has recently become insane under a most peculiar hallucination. This mail, Ah Hing by name, had for twenty years carried on business at the camp, as a . pawnbroker, in conjunction with a leprous covsin, Ah Hoe, »-lio recently succumbed to the terrible disease that had seized him. Ah HiiijJ during his cousins lifetime cared for him most tenderly, and the death of Ah Hoe, without doubt, unseated his reason. Since the event he believed that everything in his hut became the renting place of an evil spirit, and that the ghost of the leper Ah Hoe visited him constantly, and urged him to distribute all his goods: to liis neighbors lest he should be chased into the place of perdition. He obeyed the fancied command so well that he has rid himself of a decent sum in cash and a large quantity of miscel laneous merchandise. Constable Thompson arrested him as a: lunatic just' as he had placed a clock- in the road to be picked up by any one.: Drs. Ratcliffd and Buuce certified to bis msauity, and the, unfortunate: creature, being' brought before Mossrs. Leggo and Lewis, JVP., at the City Court on Wed nesday, was committed to the Ararat .Lunatic Asylum. ? A GOOD JOKE.-We learn from our Wan «aratta contemporary that some wag'has been repeating a joke once played at the Treastiry . during the deadlock, upon the Bank of New South Wales, Wangaratta. '. This edifice which was raised, in honor of Bacchus before it became consecrated to Plutus boasted a handsome facade with a ch.i>te architrave over the portal through which sn many have entered only to return sadder but wiser men. * The chasteiiess of the entablature was; however, at daylight on Tuesday morning found to have been rudely obliterated during the night by ;a. paintiug in red.upon a white ground representing three huge units set triaiignlur-wise.to fc.he evident meaning of which, in consideration1 ^ie feelings of the aggrieved persons, w e shall not further allude. A crowd of peov"'le on the grin assembled on tho opposite sidt" the street, but the distressing, altlion^1'1 su,:ges>tu e , device, "Was not removed to. several hours, and ihen only by means oi" a . . loiig ladder, We . have not heard that 11 one has., claimed the emblematic property, and indeed it was »agSe»ted that, according to the influence of mind over mutter, thre.'i balls might at any time grow out of the walla of 'this establishment quito materially and spontaneously just like apples.'' 