ROWING-NOTES. . ' . Every branch of aquatic amusement and pastime has had such a fling during the season, which . commenced early, that the interest is beginning to wane ; men and boats | have been so " raced to death " that there is hot over much of importance to decido, at.' the 'f New, South Wales Annual Regatta." After taking"a look at sculls, pairs, and four's, we have come to the conclusion t hat of good ro wing there will belittle, but of bad. rowing moro than enough. How is it that race after 'race amateurs'continue to discard Wolsey's advico . to Cromwell'. and venturo too, ] far on the sea of glory? ¡It is no ; exaggeration to say that we have seen amateurs in practico for . the National Regatta that would not haye a, ghost of a chanco if pitted against tho form, swing, time, and reach of those syrens we have seen doing their spins not a hundred miles from G-overnment House. [ Wo havo not seen all the competitors in practice who have I entered for tho regatta. However, enough has been seen to speak with conlidenco of the issue of most of the contests accidents excepted.. .It must, be admitted that the senior fours, which starts at 10.30 a.m., has given a little trouble to foreshadow, because tho B.R.O. boat has liad a series of troubles- first, through tho illness of two of the crew, and then by the delay in tho re ceipt of their racing boat, 'and it was hot till Wed nesday last that thc men got into comfortable full swing. Their racing boat is differently fitted up to their former one, the men being placed unusually close together. Tho men row high on the feather, too high, in foot, for smooth water. No. 2 has further improved this week, and is all right, excepting that his cough is still on him. Mr. Clark, fearing to retard tho recovery of lils men, has wisely abstained from giving thom any long severe rows, and as thoy have been training at tho branch on tho river, not much has been seen of them. However,, on Wednesday a few of the leading members went up river by "speeinl steamer to seo thc crew do a short spin under supervision of tho selection committee, represented by Messrs. Ck H. Pitz hardingeand J. Hobson. There were also present Dr. Kortcscquo. who hos given tho oarsmen some attention in their training ; also Messrs. Trickett, Punch, and many others. Tho crew rowed steadily up to abreast of Concord, turned and came down for «bout a ndle in beautiful style, starting nt 3S strokes to tho minute for tho first quarter of a mile, when the stroko settled into ulong 30, 'and continued so to Gladesville wharf. Tho rowing created a favourable impression, and culled forth tho plaudits of tho spectators. The timo was taken, but. us tho distance rowed is not accu rately known, it afforded no guido. Borne are of opinion that as tho crew have done most of their practice in smooth water, they will bo all abroad in the rough " kick up " of tho harbour. That is, however, a inattor of opinion. I shall, therefore, namo tho "blue and while" as tho winning coloure of Saturday's senior fours. : Hie M.B.O. four, represented by.Messrs. Medcalf.Wilken son, Strange, and Dind/'eoriipóse tue]opposing crew, ?which we have seen on two occasions only'" and on each witnessed what- -we - consider-ar weak*- exhibition-of" " rowing,* "and like the meu -less , upon ¡. -¡the r slide than on a fixed seat. Stroke, rows .'. hard ... aid -well,....but he'is badly backed up by three, who scarcely slides at all, and two's time is notably bad ; bow is an honest sticker;' and',is rowing well. Nb doubt the men are all iri'splendid physique!, and game. This will do a'good deal for. thom; but unless something happens with their rivals 'that has riot entered into our calculation, they have ouly a remote chance of- a win. . . - ' . -. ' " The Junior Fours, had the'M.R.O. sent their best crew, would, no doubt, have fallen to them ; but as things are it -will go to the S.R.O., though that club's four is somewhat'over-; rated, and by no means capable Cf what'many think them.' The Junior Double Sculls will probably fall to ^Mercantile boat. Tho Sydney pair have had their boat disqualified, It is said. ! The Laidley Sculls is likèlv to produce a good contest ;' and will falito the stroke of this S.R.O. Four, with Cope,and Bull next in order. The principal races are, thereforo, likely to terminate as follows; Senior Fours-S.1Î.C, 1st. Junior Fours-B.K:C.,1st. Laidley Sculls-F. J. Clark, 1st ; W. Cope, 2nd ; W. Bull, 3rd. . .? Maiden Sculls-Brett, 1st. . ?Waterman's Ruco-O'Connell, 1st; Thursell or Ives, 2nd. 