THE LATE MR. WHALLEY. (From the Svectator.') The loss of Mr. Whalley will be the extrac tion of a thorn out of the side of Mr. Nowde gate. That excellent and independent county member has often felt that nothing tended so much to make his morbid fears of Rome seem ridiculouB in the Bight of the House of Com mons aB Mr. w ballsy s travesne 01 those tears, It has even been said that Mr. Newdegato re garded Mr. Whalley as an emissary of Rome, specially commissioned to out-Herod the Pro testant Herod, so as to paralyeo his hands in practical England. And tho hypothesis would not be so very wild, if only it wero not quite beyond the powers of humanity for any ono to act, and not well, through life, a part ho thoroughly despised, for the purpose of bring ing others to despise it too. It' such a being could be, ho must at least Bhow, by glimpsoB, signs of the Herculean moral force that would alono suffico to play such a part: and assuredly good Mr. Whalley novor showed signs of any thing Horoulean of any sort, far less of the power requisite to keep on such a mask as that through tho almost incessant ridiculo poured upon him through a long public life. If Mr. NowMogato over seriously held this view of Mr. Whalley, he was certainly mis taken. But it was not nn unnatural view for one in his position to take. Mr. Whalley did more to make tho Houso of Commons impatient and ashamed of the anti-Catholit crn/.o than ever Mr. Newdegate could do to mako it ap pear plausible. Indeed, it was only perhaps because Mr. Whalley did not got into Parlia ment till just after tho Ecclesiastical Titles Act was passed, that that Act was ever piiSBed at all. HiB advocacy would surely havo de feated it. No wonder it was suggested that he was returned by Catholic wilo, to prevent any further extension of an aggresbive Protostant policy. This at all eventB, was the real use of his political life. Mr. Whalley waB novertho lesa a thoroughly respectable and oven a courageous man, with a tincture of law, and not without a fuoulty for business ; ho published a book, for instance on the 'Law of Tithe Commutation,' and vaib an Assistant Tithe Commissioner for eleven years. Ho was one of tho earliest students of University Col lege, London, whore, as ' Dod'' records, ho gained the first prize in ' Bhetorii and Meta physics,' soon after thn opening of tho College — a fact which means, in all probability — if wo may judge by the experience of a few years later — that he was tho hardest- working Btudont in a very dull class of some four or fivo young men, whom Professor Hoppus drilled in Scotch and German psychology. And porsibly it was that unfortunate study which gave him that bias towards ocoult and abstract explana tions of political tendencies to which he owod his after-fame, as a donouncor of Jesuit plots, and a friond of ' the mitbrtunato nobleman' who was supposed to bo the victim of such a plot. Metaphysics, when they tako hold at all, as they sometimes do, of a mind not naturally given to fine distinctions, aro very apt to twist it into a most dangerous habit of explaining events by imaginary motives. There is ? no effect of metaphysics so dangerouB to minds not metaphysical, us tho tendency it has to promote tho invention of a priori mnstor-koys for tho explanation of human ovents. Tho theological maro's-nest has far more fascination for a tenacious but rather purblind mind, of somewhat less than average strength, than any other kind of inaro's nest. And Mr. Whalley hnd a tenaci ous nnd opinionativo mind. His horror of Romanism was opinionutivo, not like Mi\ Nowdegato's, Conservative. Mr. Nowdegato is tho old English squiro who bolioves in Church and Stato booauBO his fathers havo so belioved, and who has Bomo vnguo conviction that if Homo exerts hor full influonco in this country, English squires will no longer rido straight to hounds as they havo boon accustomed to do, but will congregate in dark cornors, and bo ashamed of thoir old amusomonts and their old duties. But Mr. Whalloy's horror of Roman ism was of a very different typo. It was tho opinionative horror of ono who regarded Romanism us tuo keen Dissenters regarded it, rathor than as tho Tory nationalists regarded it. Romanism ho looked upon loss as anti English, than as wielding a sort of wierd spull ovor tho understanding nnd tho consoience. Homo was to him not so much 11 foreign Power, tm n bad magician, who threnteuod to poison all the purest fountains of tho mind. He was a Liberal, aud a steady Liberal, on all ques tions which did not oxoite thia fooling of runic. But on theso questions, his mind, bocamo dim, turbid, suspicious, and irritable Even tho ridicule and impatience of the House of Com mons only tended tho moro to convince him that ho was right. When a tenacious man has possessed himself of a Jmaster-koy to all tho most interesting questions of tho day, the world cannot laugh him out of his boliof, for ho takes tho laughter of tho world as a now testimony to his faith. Thero is no possession — or Bball wo Biy, obsession ? — in existence, liko tho obsession of a tenacious, straightforward, rather feeble- mind hy an ab stract opinion, which is taken up from pre possessions and prejudices, aud confirmed by tho easy triumphs of a littlo so-called indepen dent investigation. Tho Houso of Common) will miss Mr. Whalley, not merely because thoy nlwaj s felt at liberty to play pranks with him, to call upon him to Bing tho objectionable Romanist Terses which ho occasionally quoted, to chaff him un mercifully for his belief in 'Sir Roger,' and all ' Sir Roger's ' English and Australian mare's nests, and generally to regard his speeches as signals for a universal romp, — but still moro, wo think, becauso his death fakes away from the Houso of Commons n really quaint figure, -which contributed to givo it whatover 'picturcsqueness and distinctness tho Houso Btill retains. If: Mr. Whalloy's chief politieal boliof was a kind of cant, as it was — it was yet absolutely sincere cant. It was cant only in tho sonBO in which truo opinionativeness which has not depth of soil enough to become conviction. may still bo called cant. Conviction is the omotion with which tho mind bows to truths which it recognises f.s entirely above and beyond it,— fts commanding its homage und obodienco, — wbilo opinionativeness is tho inability to refrain from harping on a string which has got itBolf so thoroughly ingrained into the mind, that thero wonld almost be aloes of personality in tho sudden cessation of its vibrations. And in this ecnee, Mr. Whalley's anti- Catholic craze resembled opinionativeness more than convicticn. But it was thoroughly and wholly sincere.. Even those who wonld call his Parliamentary talk anti-Catholic cant, would mean by that phrase not in the least to impugn its sincerity, but on3y the powor of the mind which gavo utterance to it to consider gravely and calmly the possibility that it might all bo boseleeB. Sincere cant is tho prejudice of mindB which have not had nervo and strength to restrain the deBire to hold by thoir own favourite opinions only because thoy are their favourites, and because they would feel desolate if deprived of them. But it is perhaps, only of a few Members of tho Houso of Commons that such energy of mind as this could be expected. And it is not a triflo to say of a man, that even'if he h«8 not cleared his mind of -cant, and hardly knowB what the effort -would mean, he is yet thnrnuo-blv ninnnrA. nnd Rnnnl»i nnlxr wlinf in in him to speak. And that clearly might be said of Mr. Whalley. Hia mind was dim and adust, and his imagination only just vivid enough to be haunted by phantoms! '?JHe had not enough imagination to look phantomB steadily in the faoo. He lived in a world of political unreali ties. GhoBts of an ecclesiastical and metaphy sical kind floated in the air he breathed, yot thero was nn interest in the dim figure for that very reason. Not all men, and not all Members, have even imagi nation enough to be so haunted, to live at all tho dusky, unreal life of abstract alarms. Thor-o -was a courage in the man, too. He faoed ridicule without shrinking. He could avow his allegiance to the cause of the most famous and accomplished ewindler of modern times, in defiance of all the good-senfie of the House, because, in his confused thought, he had become persuaded that the causo of that swindler was the causo of Protestantism too. When ho thought a cause just, he was always ready to support it by personal BacrificeB ; and musty as were the causes his morbid fancy BuppoBed to bo just, that readiness is still a quality to be respected. Altogether, Mr. Whalley meant something, — which a great many members of Parliament do not. What ho represented, indeed, was nothing real, — was, indeed, a confused and dim bundle of ill-assorted Philistine opinions,— but real or unreal, to that queer bundle of opinions he showed tho fidelity of a martyr. And it is satisfactory to be assured that even where the intellectual clothing of a man is as unsightly a bundle of old clothes as you could pick out of the old curiosity Bhop of cast-off garments, there may be virtue and manliness and tho spirit of a martyr displayed by the wearer, though it be in tho cause of dusty cob webs and fantastic suspicions. Tho House of Commons has not so many recognisable figures, that it cannot afford to regret even tho Jesuit hauntod figure who dwelt in the AVelsh watch tower, and conceived to himself the Roman 1 hurch as bending all its efforts to defraud a disreputable convert from Romanism of his English baronetcy and estates. Disinterested zeal 11s dim and confused, and even as tho roughly wasted as Mr. Whalley's, has uevertho a certain dignity, in so motley an assembly of still vulgarer interests as the House of Commons. An Author and his FniENna. — Tho three volumes which Mr. Black's now novel, 'Miic- leod of Dare,' fills will, the Athcmcum euysj present a new feature. Sevoral of his artist friends have each presented him with a draw ing to illustrate his story, and these woodcuts will appearin the three-volume edition. Ingra titude, Mr. Black dedicates his book to its illus tratora— Messrs. T. Faed, R.A. : J. E. Millais, R.A. ; J. Pettie, R.A. ; W. Q. Orehardson, R.A. ; P. Graham, A.R.A. ; J. A. Aitkin, G. H. Boughton, T. Graham, C. Hunter, C. E. JohiiBon, J. M'Whirter, and F. Powell. Enemies to Chuibtunity. — The Bishop of Peterborough commenced his triennial visita tion, and delivered the first part of his chargo in his cathedral church on Thursday, says the Fall Mall Budffct of October 18. Tho Bishop congratulated his clergy upon tho fact that thoy were not meeting amid tho horrors of nn Euro pean war, but reminded them that peace had its crimes and miseries as well as war. He then dwelt upon the luxury, vice, and cynicism of the age, aud upon the growing war between rich and poor. Unless, ho said, wo heeded and reformed tho evils threatened from those sources, the timo might come when wo may wish that the sharp and soboring dis oiplino of war — nay, even the terrible trials and shadows of defeat — had viBited us in time to save usf rom the greater horrors bred out of our own sins in time of profoundest ease and peace. His lordship then justified tho noutrality of tho clergy generally on the Eastern Question, and doalt at great length with what he described as one. of the greatest and most Btartling phenom ena in our modern civilization — namely, tho tendency of modorn democracy, and modern political thought in its moro advanced forms, to bo hostilo not only to Est-iblished Churches but to Christianity itself. The Home Rulers.— On October 21 most of tho delegates of tho Homo Rulo Confedera tion of Groat Britain reached Dublin for tho purposo of attendiug tho annual convontion of' that body, nt tho Rotunda. A preliminary meeting of tho council of tho confederation, to which such members of the ' Homo Rule Hundred' as havo arrived in Dublin were ad iiuaoiuiu, nuo iium uu liliu imporiul lAOiei, OUCK. ville-fltroet, with a view to arranging tho busi ness of the convention. Tho proceedings were private, and tho results were not communicated to tho press. Mr. C. S. Piirnell, M. P., pre sided ns presidont of tho confederation. Several lottors have been published in tho Freeman's Journal referring to tho oonferonco. MeRsrs. Sullivan, Dillon, and Egan reply to Mr. I. Butt'u objections to tho conference. Mr. O'Shaughnessy writes to say that ho is unable to attond, a circumstance whioh he regrets ex ceedingly. Mr. Alfred Webb sends a long letter in which ho says that the Loagno has been uuablo to ronso tho Irish people, and, theroforo, he is certain that they aro not desir ous of Homo Rulo, and ho says : ' If it is remedial acts, not fundamental changes, that Ireland requires, she will securo them, and per fectly equal rights with Great Britain — volun- teers, franohiso, froodom from an armed polioo, coercion aud convontion acts— much sooner by a fow years of hearty union than by continuing to keep a Home Rule ghost in a garret to attraot the crowd and to frighten tho Govorn ment.' Tietjuns. — A handsome memorial has been recently orected in Kensal Greon Cemetery to tho memory of the late Atllo. Tietjens. It consists of a solid double blook of red granito, finely cut and polished, with a sculptured marble triumphal laurel wreath at tho end. At the head of the tomb standB a bold croBs of similar material, put up by the late giftod artiste to the memory of her rnothor, and bearing the appropriate GeiBtn inscription of ' Sauft ruhe ihro Asche.' 