') T -JI Bb 'vP H .A N TOM M I N E R. | y ( A story of tiie old, gold diggbifi (Inijs.) " TBLL/you a gbpst story,'.' sfid'.iiiy; unclb Ned; a y gentleman of 70 years. " Well, I will relate a peculiar V affair tli.at happened on T.allmans-Gully, in-18i19.'.'., \ Wa wnrh all afclhntion. and li-stQucd to the very remark- (;" able narrative be related in the following ra.anner : y " You must know," commenced my uncle, "th.at I and \ four mates were living in a tent on tbc banks_ of the ( river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ) wc were most unfortunate, only finding suflicient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday s ( work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were J every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, djn.h \ of a pick, about fifty j'ards from our canvas home. ''T® ( confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did ) not cease until the break of day. One night we were C deterrainod to sec who it was ; so we sallied forth in the r bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel J shirt, high boots, and slouched bat, hard at work by an X old claim which bad been deserted for many years. I was f chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger ; ) but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, y transfixed with horror,— for the wearer of the digger s f clothes was no lit: ing man, but a slieloton S " Uncle Ned 1" we all cried, "bow fearful." C " One night, bur tent was visited by a handsome, well- / to-do looking man, of about fifty years of _ age, who S enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about, He told us that in '51 be and a mate of bis deserted from f one of Her M.ajesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans \ gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few ( months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to / see about some letters. Before he went, he said to his \ mate, ' Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the f cl.aim for a d.ay until I come back.' Bob promised, and / they parted. ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- ) digger, ' and there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on i board; and novv that I have obtained my discbarge, I () have hastened up here to find my old chum. ' You will \ see him to-night,' I said ; ' but j'Oit'H fin/1 him very much changed.'/ .At midnight, the everlasting clink of the ) phantom's pick was heard, and we all turned out. 'Ah I ' J cried the sailor, 'there's dear old. Bob. Bob, hero I am back. Bob, speak to me.' ...He r.an to the figure, which ) turned its hideous face oti him. With a loud shriek the seeker X fell senseless on the ground. The ghost threw down its ; pick, and vanished, in tlie morning' wc discovered the > poor sailor a ravinglunatic." , - , V " Oh, uncle Ned, whali a'fearful story.". ' " 'Well, you asked me ' tp tell' yori a story, and I havq > done so." f- .'f - i ; - ' "ThenjitisriOttraei?" ' ' , , " Well, said our uncle/ laughing, " it is as iiue'jils riiariy ) of the. absurd yarns ithat got about., during the raging of the goid/feyer.' Ah, those-were strange days, when men ' \ypul.d undergo any. amount of privation for a few ounces ) of /gol.cl; cfHow-clifferent it.'is now; i for should a man be pnshe'L-fpi;.:a.laiigfeor;'smaU -amount all that he has to do ' is to have .an iutci'vicw.rwith.i' ' -; / ' . i DAVID HENRY, of .52 Collins street east, Who has from,.-:feoltoji6l6,OOO .to.lend"onnotesof hand, bills ' of sale.-.(w,it-b,-.pr.' .without ; security), salary orders, life ( policies, .certificates,' deed.4; bill of lading, legacies, goods, ; inercbandisc, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- ' sons may be entitled' tp from England and elsewhere, etc., I; repajmble j.q.-snijrtbe co.nveniencc of borrowers. ' Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and f mortgages from G per cent. 