Hi. I'll I '- I '-'" " " I' 'I I "III ' ' ' COMMERCIAL a HARAKIRI." \--on (Fi on the Examiner ) ' IT is written that, in feudal Japan, and perhaps even I In the Japan of the revolution, kanakas, or self-denial bowelling, is an art in which every gentleman is " carefully practised from his youth.." The historian's diction is a little at fault, but his meaning is clear, for Itarakiri is an operation that no one can per- form twice. But every one may have to per- form it once, because every one guilty of an unpardonable offence against the laws of his country is expected to act as his own executioner. In that case, the State officer waits upon the culprit ; suggests, with every form of deference, the expediency of his accomplishing the " happy dispatch ; " then begin, with all the exquisite, politeness of his race, for the honour" of looking on, in the capacity of "second;" and the polish and the refinement of these preliminaries are as nothing to the grace with which the doomed man cuts short the interview and his own career amidst a circle of admiring friends. Harakiri, however, is not always a mere punishment for crime; and Mr. Mitford's glorious tale of the Forty-seven Romans who deliberately sacrificed themselves to avenge the death of their chief shows that no true Japanese would hesitate to undergo the happy dispatch out of love for a friend, loyalty to a superior, or for the good of his country. There are some forms of social self-sacrifice that demand almost as much fortitude as the physical ceremony and the voluntary abdication of the 278 feudal chiefs assembled at Jeddo in the year 1869 has not improperly been named " political hara-kiri." Nor was the event more remarkable than its motive and consequences. They saw that the central government could not be conducted consistently with the new air enforced relations between Japan and the world unless they surrender their semi- independence, disbanded their individual armies (that sometimes numbered from twenty to fifty thousand men), and offered the bulk of their property to the State. Unlike the Chinese, they resolutely accepted the inevitable from the moment when, as a writer in Blackwood puts it, Commodore Perry bombarded them into the brotherhood of nations. They did not wait to he taught the European arts ; they actually constructed ships find machinery from the drawings in Dutch books on engineering and their first unaided and successful steam voyage across the Pacific was even a more re- markable feat than Admiral ROUS B sail over the Atlantic without a rudder. Since then they have made immense progress in the industrial arts; and it may be remembered that during the recent strike on the Clyde The shipbuilders were considering the expediency of fitting their saloons with wood-work imported from Japan. As for the Government of the country, it is enough to say that it is fashioned on the Continental model, with a Ministry for each great department, including postal service and public instruction. The reorganisation may be far from perfect, but it seems to have been wonderfully successful for a country which until the year 1863 was jealously closed against all! foreigners, Dutchmen excepted. Clearly the Japanese are nothing if not practical. We have briefly enumerated the foregoing facts merely to show their astonishing contrast with what follows. In spite of their practical sagacity, the Japanese have just made to our Foreign Office, a proposal, the concession of which would be ruinous to their commercial interests, not to say our own. On the ground that every independent nation has a light to regulate its tariffs as it pleases, they demand that their treaties shall be so refined as to enable them to " protect " native industry against foreign competition. They are inviting Lord Salisbury and the millowners of Manchester to perform JiqraKiri from a sentiment of admiration and of fair play towards the people that have achieved the most wonderful and romantic political exploit of the nineteenth century. They are recommending it with yell their aid eloquence and polite deference and they will have the "honour" to stand by as "seconds,'' whilst Dairaio Bull delivers up his sympathetic ghost. If a Chinaman were to make' up the river we should simply dismiss . time, and ask Sir Thomas Reade to lecture him soundly. But it is hard to refuse when the petitioner belongs to a people who, are said, to captivate every stranger whom they come across, and who are, so prompt to disembowel themselves for any cause that may take their fancy. ' At the risk of incurring the imputation of cowardice, Lord Salisbury can only try to convince his " Seconds " that the result of the proposed hara-kiri must necessarily be the very reverse of that which is contemplated. Suppose that the Japanese are allowed to impose a protective duty on English cottons, it is, clearis that case that the price of the native, i.e., the projected article must rise in proportion to the degree in which protection, to be effective, is necessary. In other words, the whole body of native consumers will be taxed for the benefit of a clique of manufacturers, But, it may be replied, consumers may demand more wages in their respects e callings in order to meet the new drain upon their resources. They not only may they most certainly will but with a result exactly similar to that of the initial mistake-a rise of prices in their respective trades. In other words, the proposed protection must lead to a rise in prices throughout all unprotected industries; that is if the capitalists have not already withdrawn their investments to avoid the risk of a further decline in profits. If the protection is likely to last, capital will he transferred to the favoured industry, and the others must suffer in consequence. Again, by reason of their enhanced cost, Japanese exports will find fewer customers than before. For instance, the American farmers are forced to raise the price of wheat, because, in consequence of the high duty on imports, they pay larger (prices for clothing, housing, and machinery, and the result _ that they do not export as much grain to Europe as they otherwise might. At first, perhaps the proposed arrangement might not affect the Anglo-Japanese exports for they, too, are subject to duty, the removal of which is held out as a bribe for concession on the point of the import, tariff. But, after a while, the export trade would begin to suffer, and there would be fewer exports to send away. Another inducement is the opening of one or more ports to any one Treaty Powers agreeing to the Japanese mode of revision ; but the Government would soon find that what it yields to one Power it must yield to every other. The Japanese in brief must recognise the fact that neither they nor any other people can " protect " into existence an industry for the prosecution, of which their rivals may possess a preponderating natural advantages Without thee, the attempt to " master " a cotton manufacturing trade in Japan would be just as foolish as the substitution of vine- yards for hopfields in Kent, and the protection" of English claret. But with them, patience, energy, and the quick aptitude for which the Japanese are distinguished, will enable them to develop a native industry independently of such a ruinous means as a protective tariff, And, moree ver, there are the strongest reasons for believing that J Japan does possess all the advantages required for the cotton and other chief branches of manufacture. Pattern is said to be her first natural staple after rice ; and it is known that she possesses enormous resources. in coal and iron of the best quality. Let us, therefore, admit the appeal which the Japanese are now making to the pity of the Treaty Powers. Their brand new Government, with its, Ministers, its standing; army, its ironclads and Krupp guns, is a very expensive affair ; compared with it the defunct Shaigonate was economy. Hence a weight of taxation under which the people are already groan- ing, and which, we are told, is rendering their Euro - peanised Government rather unpopular. But what then ? Protective duties on necessaries of life, duties which will raise the price of native products generally, must surely add to the popular burden which the Government wishes to alleviate. The Japanese are proposing to intensify the very evil which they dread and, deplore., Instead of excluding foreign competition! they ought rather to throw open their country to Europeans who would show them how to work their splendid but un- developed mines. Nor can the world accept the plea which underlies all the Japanese demands that, even if their political economy were all wrong, they have a right to do what they like with their own commence. What is their own commerce ? Since that brotherly bombardment of Commodore Perry's, the Japanese have entered into the solidarity of nations, there- by incurring responsibilities which they cannot throw off like an old coat. The world has just _ much right to object to having protective duties raised as a barrier against its trade, as it had to compel the Japanese to open their ports. It is for their own good, as well as for that of their neighbours that they should not be permitted to block the path of free trade; and it would be quixotic to yield to their demands simply because they cannot or will not see the matter in a reasonable light. 