PASTOIIAL LETTER OP THE RIGHT EEV. BE. LA.N1GAN. BISHOP OF GOULBUBW. ' O, tlio depth of the richeo. of tho v/isdom Gnd of tho knov/led/yo of God ! How iacomprohoo niblo are Hia judgments, how uhEoavchnbio Hio ways.'— Rom. 11.33. Deadly Belovijd BnEXiiREi'i, — In oucli Ian. guago v/o ['may Joscliiim v,'honc-vor wo consider anyone oi God's -worhe. But in no ono of i-hec3 work a are tho worda ox tho Avoatlo znoso wonderfully. illustrated than when v/o concider tho Sacred Heart of Jcsug. Omnipotent powoi' aispinyg itseii in tlio BiualleGC or God'a v/oi'ko; Hiu infinite wisdom displaya itcolf bnt with H5o power, and Hia wisdom, Hiu iallnito r-'oocJac:3 £0 man, HiB boundlena loyo sou uan, cvo cliowa forth in Hia Sacred Hc-r.r^ 'Per it ia to ua tlio courco of every truo blcf^iag— -tho Dymbcl o5 God'a charity for man. Tho Sacred Heart of Jcauo, v;Lat io ifc ? T/Iioa fcho eirfna 01 tho Patriarchs and Prophota, implor. ing' Heaven to c'coad forth tho Lr.Bib, tho I.liiIe-2 'Jaofc One,' 'fcho dcsii-cd of fcho ctoraal kilh,' tho Saviour. o£ mankind, w.10 to apper.r cr.ioajjnt men — a perfect body was ?orrQed'olT tho blood. o2 fcho linmaculato Heart of Maw, by tiioonoratioa of tho Holy Ghost. Tho Archangel Gabl-iolcaid to tho blcrjcod Virgin: 'Boiiold taou tiktilb concoivo in tliy v/omb and cliait felng forili n con, and tliou chalt cr.li hia nnnio .Ic:raa.— Tlio Holy Ghoctohall como upon thco, and tuo jiowos of the Moot High oliall ovorshadot7 'chcoi An& therefore alEO tho Holy wHcli ohali bo bora ofi thoo ehall bo called tlio Son oi: God.:'(taul:o I. 31 35). Ho wlio was thus born wan tho Sou oi' I.ltiry — oi her puvo blood was formed Hio botSy, to which wao joined g perfect human coul. Taia io tho human nature ox tlio Y/ovld'c RcclGOinoi1 ; £0? Ho v/ho rodesnied usbv Hie Guficrlafvo and IHio death wca truly man. But na the Z'ii'oluiagol declared, Ho v/ho was born oi! tlio Vivrjin v/ao to bejcnllcd tho Son o2 God., Ho was truly ir.o& ako — Sou of God ; truly Sou of God— an a voico froia Heaven declared : 'This io jny bolovod Son, ia whom I an« well jjlGMod.' (MvX 17. 5). Yes, and tvuo God, aa Dt. Paul c:iyn : ' T/lto ljoIhjj in tho form of God' thought it not robbsvy Co bo equal with God. But emptied Hiiacolv, taking1 tho form of a olavo, being1 mado ia the likoaena of man, and in habit found a3 a rnnn.' (Phil. 2. 6). St,PauI oayo of Him: 'And lot oil tho Angela of tho God adore Him.' (Hob. 1. (J). When then the Blessed Virgin eaid to tlio Arch angel : '*Bo it dono unto mo according to thy word' (Luke 2. 30), what an incomprolionoiblo work was p.ccompliohed? Tlio Uyotery o£ tho Incarnation took place. A body was formed oS tho blood of the immacula'ca Hoar's ox LJcty, g coul was imitfid to if;; and at the oamo inQt&st; the Second Person of tho Adorable Trinity assumed this human nature, according to tho words of the Archangel. The human nature Gad tho divino naturo form the one Divino Poison, Jeouo Chriofc — trno God and truo man — tlio World'u Seucemer. In Kini remain diotinct, end at the oamo time inseparable, tho human nature and the divine naturo. Tha Sacred Heart of Jesus, what is it ? Ifc is tho Iiumau Heart of Jeauo inseparably united to the Person of Him who redeemed uo. It io tiio source of all the blessing's flowing' feosa Him fco no. It ia the oymbol of all llio lovo for uo. It ia that Heart now glorified ia Heaven, from which flowed tho blood which washes urj from ouf g!hd. In drawing your thoughts to the Sacred Heart; of oil!.1 Divino Lord, I have in view oho fjraad object. It io to invite you, donrly bolovod bi'ofchroa, to look to the Sacred Eecrfe— fco coa what it haa done for you— to^ ceo that Hossfc ' osill burning with lovo for you ; and to aok you fco conceci'ato youvcolvos iovovjav to ifc. To givo botfcoi' effect fco this I have firecl on tho %h ofl nosfe Juno sos tho publio and general concoa oration oi thia dioceno to tlio Sacred Eoavt of Josna. jZou may udIj, ' Why io tlilfj ?' Yomawy cay : 1 Hovo wo not always believed in Jesuo as tho Gon of Grod and as our Redeemer, and honored ? Him ao ouch ? Iu not that tho very foundation of our Faith ? and why fchio novelty ? Faith ov revealed truths of tho Chviofcian reli gion, as made clear to ug by tho teaching ox tho Church, must bo always tho oamo, and without thin teaching [there could bo no certainty, ao ceourity. Theco cannot change, aa tlioy aro aa immutable as God Himself, who delivered fcheaj to us ; for Ho hag said to those commissioned by Him to teach: ' Teach ye all nations — teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have conim.indcd you ; and behold I am v.'ith you all days, evou to the consummation of fcho world.' (Mat. 28.18). But -whilst doctrines of Faith cannot change, there has been always in the Church a beautiful variety of devotions, and through theao at proper times and seasons, God works the 3finti-' fication of His people. Many ages passed bo fore the beautiful devotion of the Koaavy v/ns intro duced ; and this altorod nothing iu the Church's Faith regarding- the Mother of God. Many ages .passed bofbro public pvocessiona of tho M03fc Holy Sacrament were established, and the faith iu the real presence of Jesua wan the Game in the clmrch before an since. 'J'ho samo may bo naid of tho many forms! of devotion intro duced from timo to time to honour the Saint;; of' God, and to imploro their intercession. The saino too may be said of devotion to the Sacred Heart oi Jeans, which in our day is being extended through the Universal Church. At tho petition of the Bishops of Franco, the 'great and*holy Pope Pins the Ninth, who has juot departed from the scene of hia earthly .labours, extended to the whole Christian world the feast of tho Sacred Heart of Jefiua Iu this decree, dated Augnat ?.?,, I Sal!; hia Holiness declared that ho extended the Keaai; ' because he wished to give fresh incitement (o the Faith ful to love, to make return o£ love to His wounded heart, who loved us and washed us from our sins in His blood.' By a decree of the same great Pope, d.ated 22nd of April, 1875, the lGth day of June in that year w:?.3 appointed for the consecration of every diocese in the church to the Sacred Heart. if, an the decree states, the ordinaries (the Bi shops) 'Judge it good iii the Lord, and deem it conducive to the salvation of their flocks.' Circumstances prevented uy at that time ; and now we invite our people by greater fervour to make up for the delay, and to enter into the true spirit of tho devotion. In the words of the last decree, ' By so doing all faithful chile dren of Christ will consecrate themselves to His Divine Heart, and will at the same timo affirm with greater diatinctiveuesa the unity of Holy ?Church, and will find in that selfsame Heart a ncfo protection and a remedy against all tho perils that threaten the soul, pationco under the trials that now assail tho Church of Christ and perfect confidence and consolation under till binds of oiniorings.' Truly divine help is wanted, for great porils in our days threaten .the soul and aesail. tho church. Everywhere that which is worldly ic e:::ilted to the lowering of whit is required to. unite us to God. Every effort is made to fill tho minds oi tho young- with a respect for what js merely civii and v.-orldly, to tho exclu sion o*2 thr.fc which subjects the understanding to God. Collision appears to reign amongst us. Men spor.': of roligion without being able to toll us what iu paiiioular it is. Reason proporiy used would in tula chaos induce mon to Eeok shelter in the Church, which with certainty and well established authority points out the Christian way. But as men are very much led by feelings and bv projucKco, the confusion tends to obscure the unity of Gdd'a church, and lessen men's attachment to it. You want, dearly beloved, to draw yourselves closer to tho Sacred Heart — to participate in fchoco flames of divine charity constantly' flowing from it, and to receive strength to persovero faithful children of Christ's Church. This it what I Iiopo for from the act to which I invite you, and for which 1 otik you to prepare. I do not look to it as a sudden burst of reli gious feoling, but as one tending to keep you closer to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, A daily practice of paying, ono Ouv Father, one Hail Mary, f-nd tho Creed, with the aspiration ' Amiable Heart of my Jesus, grant that I may love Thee more and more,' will tend to keep us near the Sacred Heart. Going to Communion to honour it, on the first Sunday of every month, will unite us to this Sacred Heart, from which every necessary blessing will flow upon us. May, then, this source of God's love for you make you sensible of your obligations to it, aud induce you to make a return of love, for God's, honour and for your own sanctifica tion. . To Him bo' glory in the Church, and in Christ Jesus, unto all generations, world without end.— Amen. £g| William, Bishop of Goulburu. 22nd February. 1878, P.S.— Let tho Clergy read and explain this letter to their congregations assoon as convenient after it is received, and also on the Sunday preceding the day fixed for the act of the general consecration of the diocese. In the meantime it will be their labour to have the people prepared to profit by the public act. In due timo I shall Bend particular instructions. The Baldwin Locomotive Works, Phila delphia.— Thc-uo workf! noora to bn ablo to go ahead with tho times. The llueoian Government recently aotit them an order to build forty locomotives of n lai-gor and more power ful dencription than fcho nolitiry uni'o ordered from them by tho (jG-ovcvDmonfc o£ this colony. Tlio contvacb wan eignel on tho 17th December Inrjfc, and tho oompiny under took to have tho forty locoinolivoG ready1 for Bhipmont within two monthn. By tho let of February thirty 'of. them would bu. liniahr.d, and packed in cas^y, and tho vctT.aiudri1 ~~~ would bo ready a v/cck within iho contract time. Two Bwifb o'eamerg v?ero chart) tered to carry thom to St. 'Peterabui-fj, and if, ifi expected that tho whole forty loco-noVivoa will be on the linos for work withia four motithu from the order leaving St. Petersburg. When will oar Worko Department move with tho like celerity .—Herald,, 