TURNING THE WAR TO ACg COUNT. We all know, or are supposed to know the villain of the moral pockethandkerchief. Combined with flannel jackets for the natives of tropical countries, as an agency for incul cating sound doctrine and handy precepts, its value has been frequently computed. Some people also know that a thrifty trade has beeu carried on in England in the manufac ture or idols tor the Hindoo and African markets, and that the idols go out unfre quently in the same vessel that carries out the missionary. A very neat adjustment the manufacturer would doubtless consider tliis arrangement, of baue aud antidote, and certainly a most curious commentary on the flexible morals of some British traders. But the French take the palm for graceful con ceptions and combinations. They combine to turn the moral pockethandkerchief idea into a medium for winning favor from their Moslem customers. Thus we read that 150,000 shirts, on wliich are printed extracts from the Koran in blue characters, and as znany woollen waistcoats, whereon is em blazoned the Prophet's seal, are being- manu- factured in Paris for Turkish. soldiers.' Our girls at home during the war of the rebellion were in the habit of pinning little notes to the waistbands of the flannel shirts, or insert ing them deftly into the toes of the stockings they knit and sent io the soldiers in the field, with good wishes and a cheery word wrote therein. One large manufacturer of flannel blouses had a number of notes sewed to the garments that went out from his factory, giving his address, and saying, ' This is uot shoddy. Write and let me know how it wears,' In a number of iu stances, acknowledgments were received from the wearers, saying that it was a very good cloth indeed, aud that it was pleasant to be able to say so. But this beautiful softening of the harsh features of war on the part of the patriotic manufacturers and de voted girls aforesaid is as nothing to the sur prise which the Turkish soldiery will feel when they come across the French extracts from the Koran on the bosom of their shirts. ' Marriage ? Pooh ! don't inen-shun-it !' exclaimed the maideu aunt. ' Indeed they don't,' replied her lovely niece. Young lady : ' I want Two Kisses, please.' Old Maid : *' A Horrid Girl !' Swell : ' Not that — A Very Woman.' — London. One of the most popular caricatures in Constantinople is that of a Cossack kick ing Lord Derby and asking him if ' British interests were being touched yet.' Frenchman of Tours, to his fresh friend from Paris : ' And did you meet my friend ? ?' ' Yes, but I saw very little of her.' ' Ah, she was not, then, iu full even ing dress.' ' Never be critical upon the ladies,' was the maxim of au old Irish peer, remarkable for his homage to the sex ; ' the only way in the world that a true gentleman ever will attempt to look at the faults of a pretty woman is to shut his eyes.' Angelina (wife of our esteemed fellow citizeu, Edwin Blank), had her sister, a lively young- lass of seventeen, come to spend a few weeks with her. Friday night, as Angelina was sitting alone in the palor at dusk, her sister passed down the stairs and along the unlighted hall. Angelina thought it would be a lovely idea to give her sister a scare, and, slipping out through the back parlor, flung her arm round Alice's waist aud administered a hearty squeeze. But her sister didn't scream, or faint, or anything. She only said, in the most matter-of-fact way, ' Don't, Edwin ! Angy is iu the parlor, aud I am sure she heard you last night V Edwin has slept on the parlor sofa for the past two nights, and explains io inquirers that he got that eye by running against a door. — Dewston Standard. ' Would you uot, sir, start, as Mr. Garrick does,if you saw a ghost?' said Jemmy Boswel to Sameel Johnson. ' I hope not,' replied Johnson ; ' if I did I should frighten the ghost.' ' Ihe funeral was elegant, -wrote the waiting maid of a lady whose husband had just been buried, to her sweetheart. ' I was dressed in black silk, the flowers were lovely, aud misstresa wept just like a born angel.' *' Does your sister Ai;nit- ever say any thing about me, sissy ?'' asked an auxious lover of a little girl. ' Yes,' was the reply ; ' she said if you had rockers on your slices they'd make a nice cradle for my doll.'' ' Curious thing about the statue of Wash ington,17 said old Sniashpipes, in a musing sort of tone, as he sauntered past with Star light — ' curious thing; always shrinks when it rains, you know.' ' Don't say so !' said Starlight. ' Fact !' muttered the old man ; ' every time it rains it becomes a mere statue-wet ;' and the old niau's left thumb -went under Starlight's fifth rib with tremendous violence. A bad marriage is like an electric machine — it makes vou dance, but vou can't let eo. A man may not possess a castle in Spain, and yet have a Cochin China. ' During his ministry he made six hundred hearts beat as three huudred,' is the -way a Maine paper neatly puts it concerning- a local pastor. ' What's your occupation, boy ? ' asked a visitor at the Capitol of a bright boy whom he met in the corridor. The bey happened to be a pajre in the House. ' I am runniug for Coniuvs*. Sir,' ho replied. ' I'm ashamed of i'ne age in which we live/1 . --iiid a maiden of lbirty-c-ight. ' You niiiy be ashamed of yours, but I'm uot of miue,' replied a niueteen-yfesir-oUi com panion. And it wasn't much of a nose that went up, either. When Lord Lawrence was chairman of the London School Board, the Duke of Argyll asked him how lie got on with the lady members. Lord Lawrence ivpli«j-l: '? Admirably ; they talk so much less tbau i the UK!).'' 