NORTHERN JOTTINGS. By an Idler. Like a bad coin of the realm, I am again in your midst. . Being true to name, I have not of late inflicted my erratic effusions on the public. An attack of whooping-cough, is apt to make an old man ' down in the mouth,' and wish he had never turned up in this *? vale of tears.' Being at the Jamestown show the other day— rcapital affair, no. mi$take,-h-a thought struck me that no demonstration of this kind was announced to take place in Uiare. lhe leading people appear to take no interest in matters pertaining to the welfare the of town, and so long as they are in affluent circum stances there is ' little hope' for a change for the better. Every one appears to have his eye- on the main chance, and hence the absence of popular exhibitions. Recently the people were redhot for native industries. A spasmodic attempt was made to ventilate tbe subject, but it ended in smoke ^and — unpalatable eggs-, ? : The Rev. Charles Clark has won golden opinions in the aveas as a lecturer, and it is asserted that he .stands without a rival in the oratorical arena. I* suppose, then, he will have the' pleasure of 'falling alone'.' when he feels so ' disposed.' His language is choice and refined, and he has'the happy knack of inserting a joke in his lecture when the subject matter is of 'a solemn- cast,: -and it . immediately has the desired effect. His' ' Westminster Abbey' is a masterpiece of elocution and pathos, and when -he ' sbeds this mortal coil'- the- puMic- should obtain him a place in the Abbey among the illustrious-deadj'of' whom h&; so earnestly talks about. A friend of mine received a severe shock on the .evening of September 20..' From wliat I could glean from his' disconnected tale the occurrence happened thus : — He was going- home about midnight, and the night was dark and dreary. In order.to: reach bi8' destination he bad to go through the ceme tery, and evil spirits were uppermost in .Ms mind. When halfway through, he unmis takably beheld something enshrouded in white in the police paddock adjoining the burial-ground. Not wishing to show the white feather, although the dismal howl of a dingo would have been music to his ears at the time, he stopped and interrogated the object in white, but it spoke not. - He -at last screwed up courage and ' made for' that ghost. : The thing receded not, and when he reached it he found it was no spirit at all, but an old white cow with a white calf. He has come to the conclusion that ja white cow in a police paddock ' ain't worth. a red cent.' 