She lotfo Watch, PUBLISHED EVERY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1878. THE POLITICAL STRUGGLE IN VICTORIA. THE Constitutional struggle in Victoria is about to pass into another phase. Bounce has failed, and the Conference has failed; it is now proposed to appeal to England. Mr. Berry asks leave to go to England to tell her, " You have given us a constitution which is now unwork- able; do something for us, or give us the power to do something for ourselves that will deliver us from our present dilemma." He thinks it useless to make any further attempt to right matters in the colony the appeal to Caesar is the only resource left open. "Whether Mr. Berry will have his way is yet a moot point. There is a strong party who think that Mr. Berry's reform is not only not urgent but would, if obtained, be positively mischeivous, while within his own camp a party has arisen who say it is derogatory to the omnipotent Liberal party who rule Victoria to ask outside intervention to settle a local dispute. These totally divergent parties may combine to wreck Mr. Berry's project. It has been apparent to those outside the vortex of partizan feeling that it is not so much legislative reform that is needed in Victoria as forbearance and conciliation on the part of the rival par- ties. The leaders in the struggle that has been going on for some years have to thank themselves only for the drift in which they are now embedded. Each has smitten with the iron hand when it had the power, and now when the natural outcome of such a policy is so deplorably felt the dominant party seek to blame the constitution because deadlocks occur, and it does not suffer them to crush the party that happens to be under. The leaders of Victorian politics have been playing an unfortunate game of see-saw, with the plank always too much on one side of the pivot, and we cannot help thinking that a fair attempt to work the Constitution Act as it stands, or with amendments that both parties could, ap- prove, would more likely give satisfac- tory results than the appeal to England. Assuming that the Government pro- posal will be carried the Opposition naturally ask--What will the Commission suggest that England should do? The Secretary for the colonies might say-"I have 50 colonies under my care which dwell at peace and know no deadlocks; which of these successful constitutions do you prefer ?" The public, they think, have a right to know what Messrs. Berry & Co. would reply. They should cer- tainly go with some definite ideas, and not on a purely fishing expedition ; and if they have fixed ideas the public ought to know what they are. The public are entitled to some say in the matter. The Chief Secretary, so far, has declined to give any satisfaction on this point. Should Mr. Berry have his way, and should the Commission go to England, the step will mark a new departure in colonial government. It is not one to be commended. Good government consists not so much in abstract definitions of its duties and functions, as in the temperate and judicious administration of them. No matter how skilfully a written law may be framed it may be made an engine of oppression in the hands of an unscru- pulous administrator. It would, there- fore, be far more for the good of the country that men in power should have moderation than that they should be armed to use their giant power with all the might of a giant. Freedom's battle is all the more beneficial that it is often baffled before the final victory comes. The Liberals of Victoria are too impatient; and, colonists as a rule are apt to be too impatient, at any check to popular ideas. But it is not the first time these checks have proved blessings in disguise, and have simply paved the way for the car of progress to go in a more solid and bene- ficial way. We therefore condemn revolutionary proposals till all others have been, exhausted, and reasonable time allowed for reflection. It may seem a long while to impassioned natures like Mr. Berry's to wait for a whole year to bring about a reform deemed necessary this; but they would do well to remem- ber that many of the best reforms in England were the result of years of effort; and now, in looking back upon them, we are not disposed to think that very much was lost by the delay. Nay, it is sometimes a debatable point whether the benefit of the delay was not greater than the loss. AT the sale of Mr. C. B. Fisher's draught stock last week Mr. J. Frew, of Mount Gambier, purchased two fillies-one a two-year-old named Mag 4th, at 70 guineas, and another named Lady Clyde at 180 guineas. MOUNT GAMBIER SCHOOL RESIDENCE.-The tender of Messrs. Goss and Lambert has been accepted for erecting a teacher's residence in connection with the Mount Gambier Model School. The amount is £667 19s. 6d. The contract must be completed within four months after the delivery of the site to the contractors. WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.-The children attending the Mount Gambier Wesleyan Sunday school were entertained at a picnic and treat on Monday on the Mount Gambier cricket ground. The young people mustered in great force to enjoy the beautiful day and the festivities and a large number of their friends and teachers were also present. Sports of many kinds marked the proceedings, and it was late in the evening before all left the ground. WANTON MISCHIEF.-On Monday morning several members of the rifle club, on going to the butt, previous to the match, discovered that the double plate glass marksman's window had been wantonly smashed with a block of wood, and other mischief done. The club would do well, as the offenders (three boys) are known, to show those similarly disposed that they can- not damage the property of the club with im- punity. MR. BOLTE reports the sale privately for Mr. Louis Holtzmann of two sections in the Hundred of Gambier, lately offered by auction. Section 207 was sold to Mr. R. Thompson for £3 5s an acre, and 80 acres of Section 1,101 to Mr. George Ellis for £6 10s. an acre. I'RESBYTEKIAN.-The Eev. ,H.. H, Finlay/ of Penola, 'conducted the ;services'sthe Mount ,prainbier Presbyterian Church on Sunday, morn niug and evening, the Rev. Mr. Caldwell being absent at Penola conducting the anniversary"ser -vices of the.Presbyterian Church there. THE GHOST ILLUSION AND COMBINATION VARIETY COMPANY.played in llie Institute Hall on Monday evening to a small house. TheTen tertainment was carried out in its' entirety "and proved of a mirth-provoking character, but Mr. -Wallis's dancing and negro delineations were the only features calling for special mention. As the attendance was so small only "a few gifts were distributed. They repeated the performance last evening. FATAL ACCIDENT.-It is our painful duty to record.the occurrence of a fatal accident to one of our townsmen, that casts a gloom on the pleasures of Monday. Mr. Freeman Hardy, storekeeper, left Mount Gambier in the mornin" of that day for a drive to Mr. Perry's, at Allan° dale. He drove one horse in a spring cart, and was accompanied by two of his little daughters, one of Mr. G. Cochrane's children, and his ser vant. He stayed at Mr. Perry's the greater part of the day, and in the afternoon'got every thing ready for a start homewards. After.harness ing the horse and getting the children and servant seated in it, his attention was drawn to the fact that he had omitted to put the bit in the liorso's mouth. As he was at the horse's head en deavoring to do so some object caused the animal to start. Mr. Hardy was knocked down, and one of the wheels passing over his neck dislocated it, causing almost instant death.-' The^hbrse ran for about two miles before it was stopped, and during the time it was running one of the children jumped out and sustained some bruises on the face. The other occupants remained in and escaped unhurt. The body of the unfortu nate gentleman was conveyed to Allahciale, where au inquest was held on it .by Dr. G. Addison, J.P., yesterday. ;The children were brought to Mount Gambier per mail on Monday evening. The body was brought ?to . Mount Gambier yesterday afternoon/and the'funeral will take place this afternoon. Mr. Hardy leaves a wife and' four children to mourn their loss. He was a member of the Mount Gambier Lodge of Oddfellows, M.U. The jury found that'the mishap .was- purely .accidental. [Our correspondent writes that whilst the horse was running away, after the accident, three of the occupants of the cart threw themselves out. The horse wias stopped by Messrs'. Kerrvaifd Pearson, when only one child remained in the vehicle.] THE. SHOW.-The annual spring show of the Mount Gambier Agricultural and Horticultural Society takes place to-morrow i; As the' weather promises to be favorable there will no doubt be a large gathering. There is a good list of entries for stock. We may note that entries for articles to be shown in the hall should be made to-day ; later entries will be taken by the Secretary up to 9 a.m. to-morrow morning. It will, however, greatly facilitate the arrangements if they are all made to-day. LISTS OF JURORS.-Iri:the:&ncMc; it1 lias been anuounced for the last month tliat'all objec tions to the revised.lists of jurors for the Districts of Mount Gambier East and West will be heard at the first sitting of the Mount Gambier Local Conrt of full jurisdiction.to be held on Tuesday,) November 26. There is a mistake here. The Local Court of full jurisdiction sits twice monthly now, on the first and third Mondays';? and'thd jurylists will be revised at the sitting blithe Court to be held next Monday. ' . . STOCK MARKET.-On Saturday last Mr. Ehret sold at the South-Eastern Bazaar draught horses at up to £20 per head, and light harness horses at from £4 12s. 6d. to £9. TIIE EEV. CHARLES CLARK delivered his grand and popular lecture, "The'Tower of London," in the Institute Hall on Saturday evening, before a moderate house. Many of our readers doubtless have a vivid recollection of this briillant discourse, which Mr. Clark' de livered here on his first visit; and the ability with which he described the old historic pile "fortress, palace, prison;" traced its history, commencing in the nebulous mists of hoary an-, tiquity; and related the more stirring events' connected with it during the Eoman, Anglo Saxon, Norman, and modern periods. The lecturer was equally as eloquent and effective in> his delivery of the lecture on Saturday evening. His language was of the most eloqtfent and picturesque nature, and his keen sense of humor and deep pathos- in short his complete com mand over our language and his great power of calling forth at will any feeling of human nature-were well shown. During the lecture he recited Clarence's dream from Shakespere's Eichard III. Mr. Clark left here for Casterton, en route to Melbourne, on Sunday. : THE STEAMERS.-The Coorong left Melbourne yesterday, and is expected in MacDonnell- Bay this morning, sailing in the evening for Adelaide. The Penola also left Adelaide yesterday, and it expected in MacDonnell Bay on Friday, Bailing the eame day for Melbourne. LAND SELECTION AT BORDER TOWN.-" The selection of the Big Paddock has," says the Advertiser's Border Town correspondent, " gone off very well. Out of 26,000 acres 15,914 acres were selected in two days, for £30,195. Since the commencement of this month some 7,000 acres more have been selected, leaving only about 3,000. Had the Legislative Council passed the Tatiara Railway Bill none would nave been left. The selectors declare that they would have had nothing to do with the land but for the promise of the railway. They are therefore sadly disappointed, and accuse the Goverment of obtaining their money under false pretences. The deplorable ignorance of the re quirements of -this district manifested by the Legislative Council is denounced on all sides, and the "interested pleadiug of the Hon. R. C. Baker is specially marked out for reprobation. Mr. Baker is the proprietor of the Lillymur Station, across the Border, where the selectors have made inroads, and in his desire to injure them be has represented the district as worth less. Strange to say his friends have selected 3,000 acres of the worthless land." THE ENGLISH TELEGRAMS.-The telegrams to hand indicate that things are still in statu quo in Europe. It is definitely announced that England and Austria have formed a league to Compel-Russia to observe the Berlin treaty, .'white"1 France' and1 Italy have entered irito a similar arrangement to keep1 the sick man up1 to the mark as regards Greece.": It is to be''hoped -that the two troublers of Europe will thus:be compeUed, however much against their, wishes, to do what is right.. Earl Beaconsfield takes a cheery view of the situation. He does not re gard'England as aii effete and worn out Power; she has still the vitality necessary to make her the creator notr the loser" of empires. He does not think India has much to fear from Afghan istan. It'might disturbbut could not seriously imperil that empire. THE HOLIDAT.-Monday proved all that could, be desired for a holiday, and the Prince of Wales' 37th birthday was taken advantage of 'by most residents to be in the open 'air.1 The various events arranged for_the day_ are noticed in""det^in~ourcolumns. ..... X J .Ij.iJ ? J-s-i. THK financial position is now stated to be as follows:- . ... tt. Ti'i s:-.;-. r"\ ' Unexpended balances, July 1, 3.878, £192,324 Original Estimates .1.^ ... , 1,697,592 Supplementary'Estimates, including k'Z, 6,86 additional for bonded [debt (\ f[ £64,618 £1,954,534 In'Committee the following itemsjwere struck outClerk of Licensing ., IV> Bench, £140; Racing cup, £105j" .; - 4 1 Forest Board^Fees,'; £73 ; 10s.; Western Australian mail subsidy, £2,00^r.^r.v^... 2,318 ' " ' ' ' ' , £1,952,216 The Original'Estimate of-Revenue' 1 i lwas £l;672,'841,'!'the' balance onf'-»'i July 1, 1878, was £44,907 }.'Posit ii. .nl " tages^and-Telegraphs.^hay^ been: - - increased by £9,800, and Rail ways by £20,000, making altogether ...£1,747,548 Estimated Deficit oh June 30, 1879 £204,668 