new guinea news. A Cooktown telegram says the Ellan- gowan returned from Kerapuna on Satur day night Mr Chalmers reports that in consequence of the letter received from the native teacher reporting- that he was in great trouble because a native had. been shot by a European, he proceeded to Kera- puna, which place he reached on the 17th, and on the next day he went to Hula in the ship's boat. He found a teacher living near a friendly chief in a village near the sea. The people were threatening and troublesome among themselves. They had not decided who had killed the man, some believing it was done by the inland natives, others that it was done by two foreigners. From what was gathered from the teacher, it would appear that two diggers got the teacher's canoe to go up the river Eemp- welch. The weather being stormy they put into Hood Bay, and pitched their camp. On the following day a native came along and sat at the front door. When leaving he took a tomahawk away belonging to the diggers. The native was followed by one of the diggers, who retook the tomahawk, when he suddenly turned round and shook his spear hanging at his back. At this the other digger took up his rifle and shot him. He fired a second time, and the victim fell dead. They buried the body, and left hurriedly for Hula, where they got aboard of the vessel and told the teacher all that had happened. The teacher through fear would not tell the natives, who, on finding out what had happened, broke down the teacher's fence, speared the pig, and some of them now say that he must suffer. The friendly natives say that he must not go in land at present. Mr Chalmers called a meeting of chiefs, and he denied the teacher had anything to do with the death of the man, as the mission had nothing to do with the Kanakas or the beche-de-mer fishermen. One of the chiefs said that they were Toung men who speared the teacher's pig and sur rounded his house, saying they would kill him, and they broke open his house and stole his goods. Chalmers, in reply, said that they had undertaken to care for the teacher, and the damage should be repaid. You promised, to care for him as a beloved child, and I think I had better take him away," said Mr .Chalmers, The head chief replied, "Never! he must stay, and the first one that molests him will die." They then made great friends, receiving and giving presents. Mr Chalmers heard at Kerapuna from the natives that one of them had been shot at Port Moresby. The missionaries ask if nothing can be done, as they fear great trouble if the matter is allowed to pass unnoticed. The Melbourne correspondent of some of the country papers states : — I hear that the ghost nuisance is again prevalent in some of the suburbs. Prahran beiug more specially annoyed by some cruel and cowardly idiot, who, dressed in a white sheet, finds "amuse ment" — which one would scarcely fancy could be congenial to even the lowest and most malignant species of ape— in frighten- mg nervous persons and children in se cluded spots at night. It is said that, only a few days ago, the daughter of a respect- able resident of Prahran was so frightened "y this wretch that she has since remained completely prostrated by the nervous shock received. Perhaps a patrol of stout Prali- ramtes, armed with stout sticks, and the intention of using them freely on any pre- « ' suPe.tural " visitant, would soon the spirit most effectually Two passengers who sustained injuries station XSKm the Spencer-street Sffs fo-m a mn aS' issued aga"st 