THE GRATEFUL POODLE. One day a benevolent pkyuioian {who hau read the book»)) having found a str.\y poodle EuQ'oiiug from a broken leg, conveyed the poer creature to bia home, aud after setting and bandaging the injured limb gave the tittle outcast ita liberty again, and thought no more about tho matter. But how great was his surprise, upon opnuiue; his door one morning, some day« later, to ¡iud tho grate ful poodla patiently wailing there, and in it» company another stray dot', one of whose legs, by some accident, had boon broken. Tho kind physician afc once relieved thu dis tressed animal, nor did he forget to admira the inscrutable goodness and ,mercy of ¿God, who had boon willing to uso so humb e an instrument a; tho poor outcast poodle for tho iac^lculatiug of, etc., etc., etcTi Tho nnxt morning the benevolent physician found the two doga, beaming with gratitude, I waiting at his door, and with them two other dogs-cripples. The. cripples were speedily healed, und tho four went their way, leaving the benevolent physician moro overcome by piouB wonder than ever. Tho day p&Bsed;, the morning came. There nt the door sat now the four reconstructed doge, and with thom four others requiring reconstruction. This day also passed, und another morning came ; and now sixteen dogs, eight of them newly crippled, occupied the sidewalk, and tho people wero going around. By noon the broken legB wore all Bet, but tho pious wonder in the good physician's broaat woo beginning to get mixed with involuntary profanity. 'Tho sun rose onco more, and exhibited thirty-two dogs, sixteen of thom with broken legs, occupying the ntdewalkand half of the etreet ¡ tho human spectators took up tho rest of tho room. Tho cries of the wouuded, tho songs of the healed brutes, and the comments of the on-looking citizens made great and inspiring cheer, but trade was interrupted in that street. The good physician hired a couple of assistant surgeons aud got through hin beunvolorit work before dark, first taking tho precaution to cancel his church membarshlp, no that bo might express himself with the latitude which the case tequired. But sumo things havo their limits. When onoe moro the morning dawned, and the good physician looked out upon n, maseod and far reaching multitudo of clumourous and beseeching doge, he said, " I might as well acknowledge it, I have boen fooled by the books ; they only tell the pretty part of the atory, and then stop. Petoh me thn shot gun ; this thing has gone Along far enough;" Ho Uauod forth with his weapon, and chancod to step upon the tail of tho original Now tho great and good work whioh thia poodle had been engaged in, had engendered in him such a mighty and augmenting enthusiasm as to turn his wo«k bead at last and drive him mad. A month later, when the benevolent physician lay in the death throos of hydrophobia, ho called hia weeping friends about him, and said :- . " Beware of tho books. They tell but half of tho story. Whenever a poor wretch aska you for help, and you feol a doubt aa to what result moy flow from your benevolence, give yourself the benefit of tho doubt and kill the applicant." And so saying he turned his face to the SEQUEL. poodle, who promptly wall and gave up the ghost. -Mark Twain. 