ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; At the Theatre Boyal Mr. Rignold recom menced his performance of " Henry the Fifth" on Saturday night last. On Thursday " Henry the Fifth" was played for the last time. There was a crowded house, and much enthusiasm. At the end of the fourth act Mr. Rignold, or rather, I should say, King Henry, was presented with a new flag worked by several of the many ladies who are warm admirers of Mr. Rignold. Mr. Appleton acted as spokesman for the ladieB, and delivered the;address ih the form of a proclamation as follows:— "Take Notice : That we, loyal women and true subjects of His Majesty King Henry the Fifth, having beheld with pride the prowess and the noble bearing of our monarch in lead ing on the armies of our country against the realm of France, and being fired with ad miration at the deeds of valour thus inspired in his brave and hardy soldiers, do invite all other women of our nation to join with ns in doing honour to the liege lord of England. "To thifl end, and in token of our loyalty and devotion, we have worked with our own hands a banner, on which are emblazoned the arms of the victor of Agincourt, and we humbly entreat the King to accept this gift, and with him bear it when again ne shall go forth to battle for his country's glory. Aha further, we do most humbly trust that when again confronted by the foe, backed by his hardy warriors, and standing firm against the flood which threatens to engulf him in destruction, he will hold aloft this waving emblem of his greatness and our love, and therein feel himself to all assaults invincible. > " And; we being bnt women, to whom public speech is forbidden, have commanded onr trusty and well-beloved Frederick Apple ton to convey and present to the King this earnest of our faith, and patriotism, ana havb empowered him to make known and publish ' this' present proclamation. Dated this seventh day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand eighthundred and seventy eight. , I " God Save the King." "Wjhen Mr, Rignold came out of the theatre the horse was taken out of his cab and he was drawn in triumph up Bourke-street to his hotel, with torch-bearers attending, and a chorpB ringing "The Men of Harlech."- It was la very exciting scene, but tbe compli ment was well deserved. Last night wasto be bis benefit, and he was to appear in a drama new to us, entitled " Alone,", and as William in " Black-eyed Susan." . To-night will be his last .appearance, and! on Monday night Mr; Emery is to make his first appearance ih Australia asPkggotty in "David CopperfielcLvI think it -is only proper to say that daring Mr. Rignold's perforttjanices in Melboizme Mr. J< P. Maodoriald hM acted as hia;ageht, and that so far as business arrangements: have helped ihesuccess iof thb engagement;Mr. Macclonsld is entitled to much . credit idt rim energy and courtesy with which he : has oon tributed . his share in helping opt the coia plet^ness of the Rignold season. Ji .:•! q t.<: A| thb Operi-hdnse, Mr. CreSwiek^eit the dame night, appeared as Virginias, tie ch&* ract^r in which J he began his succeseM ait-' perienoes of' the Australian stage. On Mow' day he played Othello, and Tuesday Falstaff, oh "Wednesday Cardinal Wolsey, -and on Thnrtdaj^ Shylbckr Last night ho was to aphakias Master Walter, and .to-night -he is announced Tor. Macbeth. And in connexion with T Macbethl" I.have to mention thattlfe part of Hecate will not be played by Miss "i " >:■ ■"i- . ' • ; i M;!T Lydia Howarde, in consequence of her having received the news of the death of her husband, Mr. C. R. Thatcher, at Shanghai, on the 18th of September, of cholera. Mr. Thatcher was formerly well known in Victoria and after wards in New Zealand, as a vocalist, humourist, and composer. Latterly, he has lived a -good deal in India and China, where he has been engaged in making collections of shells and curiosities generally. At the Academy, on Saturday and Monday nights,the drama of "The Streets of New York" was revived. This play has had many appearances and re-appearances on the Mel bourne stage, and it has been played under many names. This time it is called. " Badger," with " The Streets of New York" as an alias. Mr. Ogden took again the cha racter of Badger, the rascal who is not quite without a heart, and again Showed how well fitted he is to play such parts. The rest of the cast was new, for although Mr. Power, who was in the cast at the Princess's, was also in this at the Academy, he did not play the same part It would have been better if he had, for while as the New York hoodlum he was in the right place, as the baker he was out of his element, more especially as he made of it an absurd and not amusing caricature, while Mr. Herodon, who tQok his place in this part, gave one the notion of a circumspect and regenerated hoodlum. Going from principals to accessories, I.Will speak of Miss Beatrice's Jack the Newsboy, a kind of character in which she had until this present not appeared. Miss Beatrice had played in comedy and melodrama, but had not appeared in a " character" part. Candidly, I did not j thiiik .Bhe would appear to advantage as a boy; but it is clear that I was wrohg. . She plays a boy very cleverly. She flings hferself into the representation of that boy, as if she had made up her mind he should live and; move and have his ragged being, so that nobody will mistake him for anything but a ragged boy. I have seen boys played by women often enough; and Borne of these have never looked like anything but dis guised women. They have,never taken me in—never persuaded me they, were not women. But the ragged boy Miss Beatrice plays is of a different sort. Be is the kind of boy' you would laugh at, or whose ears you would box, or whom you would love for bis humour, and want to cane for his impudence.. Now, when an actress shows the varied ability Miss Beatrice has shown, I think it only right to draw par ticular attention to it, and thus I speak of this boy of Miss Beatrice as a dever piece of acting which sets one speculating what she will do next, I speak next of Miss Lime Dixon, who played the part of Mrs. Puffy, the baker's n»XC( IIUOO 1/UVU «o M«W»J wni^B {MVHW1UQ, do matter what she does, because she always tries her best to look and speak like the character she represents. On this occasion she looked exactly like what she essayed to be, a stout little old woman, and all die said and did, gave you the notion of a stout little old woman. I call this good acting, and I am quite indifferent what anybody else thinks about it.' - Of the rest there Is not much to foe .said. Mr. Flemming seems to have studied in the school of Sirs. Scott-Siddons, a very bad school, and consequently speaks as if his words came out of an interrupted current galvanic battery. It is beyond explanation why young men Will maltreat their parts of speech in this way. Mr..Vivian, whom I do not remember to have noticed before,, played a New York aristocrat. I never was in New York, and I do not know what their aristo crats ate like, but, according to: Mr..Vivian, they are feeble, irresolute persons, who can with difficulty be heard when they speak, and who have a bleached, attenuated appearance, as if they lived upon white rose leaves, and did npt feed to repletion even upon that kind of diet. The fraudulent banker, Bloodgood, was played hy Mr. Fisher. It iBno fault of Mr. FraherVthat he is not of gigantic proportions, but it is his fault that he will continually Speak as if he thought himself seven feet high. Perhaps nature intended him for a member: of the Victorian Legislative As sembly, and he has missed hiB way in life, and got upon the stage. I am sorry for the stage. Last, of three ladies, to wit Miss Sil vester, Miss Brontoh, and Miss Reeves, who respectively played a New York belle, a young lady in distress, and an old lady also in distress. Of the three I; preferred Miss Bronton. Of the others silence. On Tuesday night " Mavis" was revived. On Wednesday, "Never Forgotten" was played, and on Thursday " Oliver Twist" Last night, "Minerva" was to be repeated, ami, to-night, " The Two Meh of Sandy Bar " is to be given for the first time at this bouse. At the. Princess's, oh Saturday night, " Flying Scud," with the new title of " Flying Buck," was again, after a long interval, given to the Melbourne .public. : It was appropriate for racertwne, and so, as mighihave been expected, it took ah wellaB: it did ll years ago, when it was ffhstiplayed at the Theatre Boyd,, hud wbeh. Mr.. Harwood made Mo t>avi8 one of oar stage institutions. The cast; is, of course,: quite &< new one, and ' although in,some particulars it doss hot com-1 pare' favourably withthat of the original re presentation in Melbourne, it will pass very i welL Foremost stands out Mr. Wallace, as Nat Gosling,;*!#! to him. I cannot pay a i greater compliment than to say. that Ids Nat Qbsnug.is tWhfthyto Stand side by side with' dth&t; of ' Laihbert.mnd Jtogera. Mr. Carey's Meredith shash mtrit which needs not to be sestim eted by comparisons. Mr. Metcalfe's fltoodge isl faulty in that, as Goodge was a ^gentlemanly villain, and as Mr. Metcalfe's representation lacks somewhat both of villaiiy and gentlemanliness, it is not the Goodge One might wish to see. Mr. Phole's Davja must yi&d; in characteristio humour to that of Mr. Harwood, but it is not on that the iess worth seeing. It is amusing in' ja ' different way. Mr. -M.' Fotde'e .r • .;) ! ■ t ;■< I • Mulligan, on the other hana,^TZ"~: beyond that of poor Con Warde, v?hf as! Btage Irishman, was hot "M his best' Forde is voluble, explosive, racy, and cunal. Mr. Beltoa's Chouoer is suggestive only of pretentious feebleness. Mr Tt Brown, whom I think I meet for the W time, as Bob Bloater, shows talent which promises well for his. future inurfni.^. Jr. Mr. Lenteb, who also seen* to be V new acquaintance, has useful qualities, if L judge by his Lord Wpodbie. Of the ladief' first of Miss Mayor, who flayed Jnlk1 Latimer instead of Mrs. Tavares. 'llW'' ' Mayor, I am satisfied, has 'ability which Will' repay for developing. She is orirtaihiy,^ . proving, and as she gams confidence 'she will begin to make a mark, or I am mnqh W error. It is only right to mention that jt ww at first intended Mrs. Tavares wo\d4'pkwttjjg character, and that Miss Mayor did hot°re ceive the part until - within 24 hourfe bf $bn time she had to appear in it. Itiamnchtoher credit that she acquitted herself so well under, the circumstances. Miss Forde, who /plflyed, Katey Rideout,does not make so map' ' as I should wish to see. She is acquinng ahad habit of speaking tob hurriedly, add therefore' ' indistinctly, and, with the best wish forher success, I counsel her to get rid of this habit. Of Mrs. Wooldridge, as Lady Woodbip, there is nothing to be said but praise; and of Mis* Foley, as first jockey, one might. write a" column in praise of her pretty fcprighthnfess. The piece was creditably put upon the stage,, and the last scene, Dover Sands, caused much applause, and procured a califpr-the artist. At St. George's Hall they still, go on. vaxying; their diverting cnterteinmept ap plet^umtly that you might go on apparentlytorever, and not find reason for dissatisfaction. The concert at the Town-hall on Saturday night, for the benefit of MissRosinaCaran dini, was artistically most satapfactory, but financially it is questionable if it wasl so satisfactory as could have been wished. With Mrg. Cutter, Mademoiselle bpboin,HferrSiede, Signor Ortori, Mr. David liee, Mr. Jfdroney, Mr.Larable, andihe vfiltobloco-opemtion of the Melboqroev^je^eftafeJ, itcoulflhardly be othfer than, musicallfyHioBt acceptable. The programme indpd^fthiMS new and old, but all were well dhtfsgp, aiia aa well given. Among the things 'which evoked patricular attention was a ballad by Stephen Massett, entitled "The Dying Boy's Prayer,">sang witfi such rare feeling ;by Miss Carandjni as to make the eyes of-those who jwere made of penetrable stuff moisten. If they had known all the hfstob':<rf this, ballad they would have moistened:thp more. And apropos of Massett, he has suddenly gone back to America. WeSawipoo little pf bim while he wap berp. BA ia .a cljyef,,genial fellow, with a ereat deal of orieinfllitv. .rnno.h feeling, and plenty if humour." Let'us hope he will come back. , : r " On Saturday night there was openW a new theatre at Emerald-hill, it iq c^Ued Mende's Academy of Music, a bad title/ as there is another Academy-ofMusic, splet it be known as Mende's. The opening' performance was " The Shaughraun^" with Mr.. Wheafleigh and a new companyin ftie parts, hut before the play began Mr. Eville, the peasant town clbrk, and some other public men of the hill,. appeared sipoa. the stag& and presented Mr, _ Mende with an 'Sd^cef%^. f^e^oomjgany ' includes both old andi^ew/fitcee,but,for the most part, they are new. Of those who are hot now, 'besides; Mf., H. M.. Humphreys', MiMTflly'E^ihudMiss Glad stone. Mr. NewtCK WaU/lbClieTO, Connected with Mr. Allen's dafaueA companysome time ago, and Miss P^gsfefWHMgd at theTheatre Royal a few y^ars since. .^Phe pmmbers of the company whom I dprmtmpcmberto have seen before are Messrs, ' BjEftlfcugbes, BeltaW, Wainwright, cBrown, Walkar, and King, and Misses Clara Henderson • and Power.'' Mr; Chapman I think I have seen before under another nan$.:; Ofthe ladies, I must make particularmention of Miss Clara Henderson, whoplaycd Claire Ffolliott. She has a handsome figure, ah expressive face, and a voice which/ if * she will but avoid affectations, will greatly help her as a means oftnaking the meaning of the characters she playB apparent. Of-the stage-appointments I Cannot say much, but the hall is spacious, and its .architectural particulars 'are in good taste. Ifpob. ith apoustic qualities it'isper htips hot fair; as yet, to pronounce. Mean while it might bosugigested to the orchestra to play very, pianissimo, if it is considered really, necessary to furnish musical eccom panimentptothe agony-pasaages. . . The Ghost is still appearing at the Athe naeum.. r . . ." f , - , , . On Monday night there'jm? an open-avr Concert at tire Melbburhe' Cncket- grouna. There were* goodm&nj;*p60ple: present, per haps between 3,000 add 4,000 pebpl^ Thw» was a band. therp ,were.' three bleopic ligbw* therje -was un ^laminated fountain, thereiwas a magic lantern; aujl tHe'rq ippas 9^ with his Wfim , iThe Band was ,®oun^a upon a jUMeh the seVereMkitdplicRy-tnthe iwaiy ofarchitK turei I.can weh-iiCIieya'thhtdf a been offered 'fear a jd(Bgrt)for a ptew"*1 which ft(toW an imperative cmiditipn <h? J! signed, this#atfbHfa ^oj^d/harednitoncw all Compe^tidriiT%id'mt^c !? probably-hbt bald, -bhly the ! fromifhichItried todies* it, * mostpwt JngrtflUWe^^-But. ® • playing made amen^s for JbiP f9m •• * N6t, that. S{gpo^,- Grtori's, vi^,-®1#^ beahi%ny;&t4V;,ti^'fc ttfft of the htod; could fee <hea*di fefit ml hear was amusing*' It' aound^ Ji ^ wailings of alohetoin catena wludy mg^ Y^ucaV * ' and th«jn •* Usui, tmin ■W,1WrBtSTr&?^; W6 -T^Tbiinking kind of illumination, »stu hint that even a partially clouded ant to »» tb&n; ftn intermitting electric WB8 thus, also, with theillumi light- «' Sometimes it played, and. wtv!!*B it did not. Perhaps the reason e°2toDped playing was that the water *by nnlied by means of a hose laid along -2 and the boys experimented by tbe /Ton the hose, whereby the fountain JfJleto intermit just like the wailings 'fsiimor Ortori's violin, and the electric tnesa The fountain was a canvas basin, df what looked like an instrument of tor inside and much slop all around it out 'vT The magic-lantern illustrated the tale f tub * wrongly prophesied the name of the ot. * er of the Cup; and advertised some ^^ns and sewing-machines. In order to tojT all this luxury of sound and sight I 2 to struggle, I know .not how long, through 6 crowd outeide the on6 nfttrow «ate through which the public were admitted, jar hat was damaged, my corn was trodden 2n, the strength of my ribs was unfairly Sted, and my two lady companions fancied they had got >nt0 the middle of a football jcrimmage. I have therefore been for thp gratand last time to a moonlight concert at the Melbourne cricket-ground. I did not go to the performance at the Opera-house on Sunday evening last, so tha I can givfe ho opinion of its 'merit as an entertainment, I am . not going either to take ground at this present for or against the propriety of having such per formances on Sunday evening. But as advice has been tendered to the authorities that ihey.should prosecute the persons who give anch entertainments on the ground that they break the law on Sabbath observance, which gays that it shall not be lawful for "any house, shop, store, or other place to be open on that day for the purpose of trade or deal ing,'1 I would merely observe that as at every church and chapel, on every Sunday of the year, all'persons who attend are requested and expected to contribute money, which money is used for the maintenance of the church or chapel just as much as the money received py.' the manager of a theatre is used by him for the maintenance of his theatre, I cannot in my simplicity quite see (he difference on this ground,, at any rate, between receiving money for hearing a sermon, and receiving money for listening to music and recitations. The amateur performance which is to take place at, Glen's concert-room, of which I made mention a week or two ago, promises to be 'a^ery exceptional success. " The lWnol WftMi " in in rehenrftfll. 1 TAfllTE. 