THE MERCURY. 'TUESDAY MORNING, SEPT. 17, 1S7S. «THE Bccond reading of the Presbyterian Church Bill is sot down for this evening at 7 o'clock. In ordinary circumstances, and assuming that tile adherents in this Colony of tho faith and form of worship which distinguish tho Church of Scotland are entitled to the same consider- ation as aro the adherents of tho sister Church of England, the proceedings should bo of a very formal and mattor-of-courso charactor. There would scarcely bo a field for the display of eloquonco, " Tho domands of tho Presbyterians aro so reasonable that tho only surprise is that they have not long ago rocoived the desired sanction of Parliament. The soiis of the Covenantors have, in this matter, fallen far short of-tlio spirit of their ancestors. Tho incor- poration of the soveral congregations into ono general body, regulated by common rules, ¿8 what tho Bill seeks ' to . attain. In theory, (he Prosbytorians have enjoyed this right to regulate the -affairs of their Church. But in practice tho preversity and freaks of a single individual have kept such remnant of tho Church as he has not driven over to other denominations, in such continued hot water that Church govorinnont has been a thing merely of name. And to the samo gentleman is due the credit of having often led tho Presbytery into tifoso exhibitions, the very thought of which | judurçtd tho PREMIER to say that he shrank with , terror from t/ip Houso of Assembly boing sub- jected to the experiences which tho Prcsbytory has suffered at the h,and,io/ ¿be Rov. JOHN STOWE. That gentleman has for years sot at defiance the constitution of, the 'Church wljich under his ordination, voyjs ho is bound to uphold.' ' Ho'ha» equally boon the marplot whonovor tho Church sought .the'protoction of statute. Whatever found favour in tho oyen of the other clorgymon and con- gregations was anathema maranatha to tho Rev. JOHN STOK'IB and the skeleton congregation of >% Andrew's. From thodayMr.S/i'Oitiçwasintro duced into the Colony ho lins played the part of tho Irishman's pig. It has only beon neces- sary foi' Jjiin to %elieve that his brethren in the ministry desired him to do one thing, to ensure his striking pff in Quito jc|ie opposite direction. This is tho ltislory of every attempt at obtaining legislativo powers, IJo lins opposed every proposal. If not a good protestant, he has neon . a strong protestor. And now tho cx. pcriouce of ¿ho past tolls the Presbyterians of Tasmania that if over they are to bo an united and an officient church, it w11} not bo by tho co-opera tion, but by firmly resisting the opposition, of Mr. ¡SiouiE. Hitherto they liavo tried tP conciliate -thç) Pastor of St. Andrews by deferring t,o Jiis objections, and havo withdrawn bills for giving tho Church, a constitution to re-introducosuch new mensuro as in their simplicity thoy fancied would moot his views. Yal» hope. Concession but led to now grounds of antagonism, his con- sistency often consisting iu ueaouncing to-day what, ho fought for yesterday. A»4 thus tho Presbyte ruins aro in tho year 1878 suitors for that constitution which fifty years ago they fancied thoy possessed, and in that ignoranco they remained till Mr. STORIE dispelled the fond delusion. . It is not creditable to the Church or tn tho Colony, that such .a state STOJUK has brought about should bp tolerated longor, and it is \vitji a fooling of coming relief that wo hoar in all quarters an oxprossion of a ' thorough want of sympathy with Mr. STORHS'H lino of conduct ; and wo .will do that gontloinan the credit of saying that wo do not buliovo there is another' indivjstual within the shores of Tasmania who could so dflggo'dly( maintain an almost single-handed fight.. To any other per.sQns,ifithe ide»»lid npt occur to,ask him- self eau he bo » ¡ght »ntl everyone olso wrong, there would be a senso of despair in confronting such unequal odds. , But as ho scents the battle from afar, ho is keen for the affray, rememembering howoften thopersistencyof onemanhas overcome the passivencss of thousands. This game has so often been played that wo may safely conclude that all but the Rev. JOHN SIOEIE are now tired of it. In entering on tho consideration of the powers tobo to-night asked on behalf of thePresbyteriam of Tasmania, it is the duty of every membor of the Assembly to calmly put to himself tho question, what would he do, wore he one of a majority numbering almost tho whole body, and were he thus put at defiance by the cantanker ousness of a single individual, for, as wo shall show, the managors.and the congregation of- St. Andrew's aro moro myfclis, manipulated by him as D'ARCY READ is now doing the ghosts in theTownHall. The time of Parliamentislikely to be taken up for a considerable portion of this evening, because one individual differs from all the ministère and members of the Church of which he is a clergyman, and because that one in- dividual, by a personal canvas among Legislators, by ear-wigging them, and by persistent efforts in the highways and byeways, has got up a semblance, feeble no doubt, but still a sem- blance of public feeling in favour of MB objec- tions. How this feeling has been manipulated by concocted petitions is fortunately a matter of easy proof. But before wo enter on this unplea- sant exposure, wo ask every lion, Member to calmly consider the situation. The question cannot be mado- one of party politics, though even that attempt has been made. Failing tho introduc- tion into such a subject of such motives, the Rev. JOHN SIORLB appeals for protection against the iron despotism of a majority who, ho says, seek to doprivo him of his emoluments and vested rights. Nothing of the kind is contem- plated by tho Bill. In fact Mr. STORIE'H rights are fully protected under the Statute in the schedule to which stands his name ; and the Rov. Mr. DOVE, who is also a scheduled clergyman and stands in exactly the samo position as does Mr. STORIE, is a supporter of tho Bill, and has forwarded petitions from his parish in its favour. Mr. STORIE also appears to be greatly troubled lest, unless he stands forth as their champion, the congregation of St. Andrews bo somehow prejudiced. Wo do not caro to apply tho argumentum ad hominem, but in tho present oase such a course is justifiable and necessary, for if a single individual place himself permanently in antagonism to all with whom ho is connected, he has not thcright tocomplnin if hisconduct and 1 motives aro strictly scrutinised. AVo-ask, there- fore, how it is possible, if Mr. STORII: was sincere in his statements to members of the Govern- ment, to his congregation, and to the public, that ho intended to appjy for his pension, resign his chargo, and leave the Colony, that anything in the Bill could doprivo him of' a penny. We leave it to his congregation to ask him to explain his great anxiety for their interests now, seeing that only a few months ago he had made up his mind to leave them on the shortest of notice, and without a thought of their future. Can it ' bo that the reverend gentleman, seeing an opportunity of indulging in his favourite pastime of opposition, welcomed the Bill as 1 a new field for displaying his skill, and that his ruling passion, even in the last hours of his connection with Presbyterianism in Tasmania, Íiroved too strong for his botter judgment, and ed him to defer his departure till he could give his Christian brethren and fellow-workers a final kick? Weshouldnot bo far wrong were we to assert that to some such motives aro tho prosbytery, the clergy, and the congregations indebted fortho opposition that gives the friends of Presbyterian- ism some anxiety. Will, therefore, hon. Members countenance such a principle of action? Tho first assault on the Bill will be a proposal to refer it to a Select Com- mittee. To this tho Presbyterian body em- phatically object. In the first place, such a pro- posal is, in effect, an attempt to shelve the Bill. In tho second place-and wo ask it with all respect-is any possible Committee of Members of the Houso of Assembly likely to hotter under* stand tho case than was the Conference of Pres- byterians recently held, and in tho deliberations of which Mr. STORIE joined ? That Conference was not a meeting of clergymen. These wero far outnumbered by intelligent, influential laymen from all parts of the Colony, and well versed in the tone of public fcolinjg among the Presbyterian body. The Conference was unanimous except, as in petitioning, tho Rov. JOHN STORIE, who formed tho minority. Undor such circumstances the Assembly will hesitate at appointing a Com- mittee ¡ will, we trust, pay deference to the opinion of the denomination interested, What is tho state of public feeling ? Let tho petitions speak. There are 35 petitions in favour, signed by nearly 1700 members and adherents of tho denomination, including the Governing Authority and tho activo supporters of tho Church, ilmost without exception, in the Colony. This is apparent from tho fact that tho consus estimates tho numerical strength of the Church at 0,044. As many families live in inaccessible piucos whole no signatures havo been sought, and as injunctions wero issued to allow nono but such as wore by ago qualified to take part in Church business, ana ~ liona fule membors and adherents, to sign tho various peti- tions, those in favour of the Bill may bo taken as setting forth the almost unauimous wish of the Presbyterian community. This united wish wo imagino the Legislature will not lightly 3ot aside. There aro, on tho other hand, three petitions against tho Bill, One is from tho managors of St. Andrew's Church, Hobart Town, and the Minister of tho Church. Thoy all profess warm attachment to the Church as by law established in Scotland. But this Minister came to the Colonies in tho pay, and avowing the principios of, the Free Church, Of the managors, one isa young man-brought np in the Colony ; a second hails from tnelrish Pres- byterian Church ; a third is only a Presbyterian by marriago, havingbeon brought upintho Church of England J and the fouith has como to resido in tho Colony within the last twelve months. So much for tho claims of tho Managers and Minis tor to ,bo regarded as belonging to the Estab- lished Church of Scotland. A second petition against tho Bill purports to bo from 371 seat holders in St. Andrew's Church and members of tho Church of Scotland. Wo have comparod this petition with a similar ono from St. Andrew's congregation iin opposition to a moasilro for giving the Church a Constitution introduced into the Legislativo Council by Hon. JAMES WHYTE in 1874." This last named petition was signed by nearly 180 people Of thoso only 95 havo afhxed their names to' the present petition. Thus ex facie nearly 300 now names are now supporting tho opposition as against 80 who aro not now doing so. This.strange dis- closure led us to make a closer inspection of the petition, with this result : 1st. Of the no-called 371 seatholdors of St. Andrews church and members of tho church of Scotland, wo-find that ovor 50 of thom aro and have boon resident in other parts of tho Colony. Launceston, Chudleigh, Doloraino,Kontishbury,Broad Marsh, haye all contributed to su oil the list. lil some instances those arc tho malcontenta of their dis- tricts and do not take any interest in tho churches thero except when thoy can do aijy mischiof. 2nd. Thero aro ovor 150 signatures of persons who, wo aro informed, so far from being soatholdcrs in St. Andrews, have no con- nection with any Presbyterianism or, indeed, for tho greatest part at least, with any othor ism savo in namo. Many of t)io names aro moro high- way sweepings, picked.up by a too enthusiastic collector of autographs. 3rd. Of those having connection moro or loss closoly with St. 'Andrews, . there aro family groups, the names .gonorally in the samo handwriting, from the parent down to the toddling child. We can count .21 families, contributing 115 names to swell out tho list. We know well onough how easy it js for unsuitable namos to creep into oven the most carefully got up »otitions. And possibly not one potitjon out of fifty would pass muster if the SPEAKER'S attention wero called to it, but when potl'tion- nianufacture was resorted to in such a wholesale, fashion as this, it amounts to i> gross contempt of the ParJiillucnt to wliich it is pre- sented. The managers of St, Andrews, have told Parliament that thoy have tho soat lotting books of the Church for tho last 40 years in their posses- sion. Lot thoso bo placed alongside of this petition profogsjjig to bo that of 371 prosont scatholders. This wiji be an pasy way of testing tho truth or otherwise of our striptiire,). The 3rd petition from 12 residents in Campbell Town docs not claim serious notice It contains, w o understand, three or four bona fide namos. The rost, wo believo, liave no connection with tho Presbyterian Church there. A Launceston correspondent also Joatjs us to oxpoct a potition from certain ** apostate membors " of the Church thoro, as he calls tlioHi. ,Wp cordially endoiso his remarks when ho says "that " partios who havo voluntarily innVthomsolvuH outside" tho palo of the Church should have no voice in tho managotnent of its affairs." ^_________^_ TiiLBdRAi'iiio ÎNïBRRUpnoN. - A notico was ppstcd outside tho Telegraph Office yesterday, stating that tho Port Darwin line was interrupted north pf AHco Springs. Late ht tho day there was auother.notipo to the offpet that the Government lines baa w»n down at Bridgewater «ince 2-30 p.m. - ' "ll' ' THE GOVERNOR.-His Excellency the Governor leaves by express to-morrow, attended by Lieuten- ant-Colonel St. Hill, for Launceston, to be present at the Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Associ tion's Annual Exhibition, and also to open the Northern Tasmanian Poultry Society's Exhibition the following day (Wednesday). NORTHERN VOLUNTEERS.-Lieutenant-Colonel St. Hill will take advantage of his presence in tho North to hold an inspection of tho Northern de- tachments, both ArtiHei-yand Infantry, on Tuesday e\ cning (to-night), and will bo accompanied for that purpose by Captain Boddam, Staff OHicor. PABLIAMCNI.-Both Houses have a good .deal of business before them this afternoon. In the Council the Main Line Bailway Interest, Heal Property Amendment, and Railway Purchase Sanction Bills are to bo read a third timo, and the Probate, Volun- teer and Military Discipline Bills, a second time. There are also threo resolutions of tho Assembly tp bo considered, one on tho defences, on Beecroft s land, and a third on Mrs. Hardingo's grant. In tho Assembly there aro fourteen orders of the day. Theso include the second reading of the fol- lowing bills :-Auditor's Salary, Game, Lotteries Suppression, Local Publio Works vçsted in Her Maje3ty, Australian Colonies Judgment, and Crown Lands. Besides these the Roads and Bridges Main- tenance and Wrecks Enquiry Bills are to be com- mitted, the amendments in the Bankers, Law, and Post Office Bills to be-considcrcd, and the Electoral and Civil Service Bills to bo further dealt with in committee. At 7 o'clock Mr. Giblin will move the second reading of the Presbyterian Church Bill, and the discussion upon it will no doubt take the re- mainder of the night. QUEENBOROUGH. - About GO electors met last evening at the Clarendon Hotel, on tho invitation of Mr. F. Lipscombe, to take action on tho contem- plated resignation of Mr. It. Gayer, the representa- tive of the district in the House of Assembly. An 'address was agreed to be presented to the retiring member, p'assed with only four dissentients ; and a resolution was also agreed to, with one'dlsseutient^ pledging tho meeting not to support any candidato' who would not promise to support the present Government in their endeavours to settle the Main Lino Railway question, and assist thom to maintain tho just rights of the colony in that matter. We think it probable, however, that, thus fortified, the present member will not resign till tho question has been settled, as he can make his appearance on a day's notice. - v Civil. SERVICE BILL.-A potition signed by a bundled and twelve Civil Servants has been,laid before tho House of Assembly by the Premier, in which the officers who have attaohed their signature», observe that the Bill, as submitted to the House by the Government, has roceivedtheunanimous sanction of the mcmbeis, with tho exception of Clauso 26 which stands over for further eo- iBÍdoration. ' The office! s pray that "that Clause may be favourably consideied by the House." It is by far the most iinnoituit clause in the proposed Bill and runs as follows ;-" Tho legal personal representative of every Ollicer in the Civil Service whp may hereafter die while in such service, although his death ipay haye occurred or may oocur during the absence of such officer on leave, and every officer who entered the Civil Service after 30 July, 18G3,' shall, on being removed from or on boing pcunitted to resign hiB office on account of illness, infirmity, ago, abolition of office, or nny other cause whatever- except misepnduct or pecuniary embarrassment,-with the consent of the Governor, be entitled to, and shall bo paid by the Colonial Treasurer, out of monies to be provided by Parliament for that purpose, a sum equal to 1 mouths' salary for every year that any such officer may have served in the Civil Service j and the average salary reoeived by any such officer during the three year's next preced- ing tho resignation or removal from office shall be taken as the salary of such officer for the purpose'of calculating the amount to be paid by tho Colonial Treasurer as aforesaid. Provided that this section shall not apply to any officer, except upon medical certificate of illness or infirmity, before he shall have attained the ago of GO ycais, or hove been 20 years in the Civil Service ; nor to any officer who has quitted Hie Sorvice before the commencement of this Act. Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall affect or abrogato the claim of any officer now in the Civil Service to a Supei animation qllowauce under the provisions of tho Superannuation Act." WRECKS ENQUIRY ACT.-lu accordance with a resolution passed at a recent meetiue, a deputation consisting of Messrs A. McGregor, \V. Fisher, E.M. Fisher, Armstrong, Gourlay, Don dell, and Free- man, yesterday waited on tho Colonial Treasurer, and urged that Borne of- tho clauses in the bill to amend the Wrecks' Euquiry Act would bo pro judicial to shipowners generally. The Treasurer courteously listened to all the deputation had to say, and then promised to' consult his colleagues as to whether it wquld not bo better to witheraw tho1 bill and, nt soma future timo, introduco ¡mother ono more in accordanoo with tho views of the shipowners. The doputation wore satisfied with this and with- drew. The bill is set down on tim Assembly paper to be committed to-day ; < but if it is called on, the Treasurer will no doubt make a statement respect- ing it. SÚFREME COURT.-Tho Chief Justice hold a sitting yesterday in tile Small Debts Jurisdiction. There were 'eighs cases in tho list, of which four were tried. Ï wa were made remanets-to the next Court day, one had been settled, and one, Burgess v, 'Morgan, was postponed till this morning. Tho jury having been selected to try tile case, the remaining jurors were discharged. TERM SirriNiis.-There will bo no"sitting of tho Supreme Court ¿ii banco to.doy, His Honor the Chief Justice took occasion incidentally, dining the sitting yesterday in the £50 jurisdiction, to mention to Mr. Ball that their Honors had looked carefully to tho cases cited in Nicholas v. Turner, and saw no reason to grant tbo application for varying tho minutes of docrco, so that tho dooroo as settled by the Registrar would pass. IN BANKRUPTCY.-There will bo a sitting of tho Supremo Court in tho bankruptcy jurisdiction to- morrow. AN INFORMAL AFFIDAVIT.-Some merriment was caused at tho Supreme Court sitting yesterday, by tho production of an affidavit of service of process which had bcon sent-to tho Spring Bay district, the bailiff of tho Court himself being the defondant in tho case, and his affidavit alleged that ho had served tho simmons pn himself. Tho affidavit was held to bo irregular, but the difficulty of proving service-it being an undefended caso-was obviated by the defendant himself, who was observed to bo in Court, being culled for the plaintiff, when' the duo sorvico was admitted. " ï iNQUKsr,-An inquest will bo held at tho Royal Exchange Hotel this afternoon, to inquiie into the circumstances attending the death of the child found dead by tho sido of its mother, Annie Leedliam, who, while under the influence of drink, is supposed to have administered au overdose of paicgoric to the infant. , , , PUBLICATION. - Wo have received a pamphlot on "Charity and Philanthropy,"-a prize essay (historical, statistical, and general) on tho institu- tions in Sydney which aim at the diminution of vico or tho alleviation of misery, and aro supported wholly or in pait by tho gifts of tho charitable. The author is the Rev. S. W. Brooks, of Ashfield. Copies can be obtained gratis by applying to Air. W. B. C.imp'ooll, next "Royal Hotel," George street, Sydney. ' EnnA*rA.^-Iu the letter published yesterday on " Conservation of Township Water Supplies," several errors ocsur. Towards tho end the follow- ing sentences should bo:-"Wo might mnko up our minds to bo told that thoro was [omitted] a sufficient deposit," otc. . , "So if we are »oí [omitted] to forfeit our rights," etc. ».' , "except perhaps a few [in place of after] living upon the banks," etc. l - ' \ SOCIETY FOR THE PREVENTION OF CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.-The seventh committee meeting was held at tho Society's office on Saturday morniug, the 14th instant. Present: Mr. W. Gellibrand (chairman), 'Mrs. W. Walker, Miss Gellibrand ' (Acting HonrSocretary), Mr. A. Park (Hon. V.S.) Mr. Geo. Stuart attended in order to givo informa- tion relativo to various acts of cruelty under investi- gation. The minutes of the former meeting wore lead and confirmed ; as also copies of letters written by tho committee's orders. A communication, con- cerning the cows herded in tho Domain, was dis- cussed, the Inspector reporting t)iat he had seen tho lessee of tho ground, and received 'horn him tho assurance that the cows wore only congi ogated on tho spot described for tho purpose of couvouienco to tho owners. Mr. Stuart was requested to seo tho writor of tho letter, and confer with him upon tho the alleged ¡lb-ticatment. A letter fioiu Mr. W. J. J. Reynolds was read, ii) ulrich ho stated that tho teachers and scholars of tho Goulburn-strcot school had been membcis of the Victorian Society for three years, and that they now desired to be enrolled in the Tasmanian Society. Ho also offered valuable suggestions regarding the society's projected work ii> tho day-schools-such suggestions being con- firmatory of very kind advice given to the com- mittee by the Hon. Secretary of the Victorian S.P.G.A. A lottor from tho Victorian Society was read, affirming that the society would nlwayij con- sider it an honour to givo any advice or help to tho Tasmanian Society. Mr. Park reported that, acting on the committee's wisji, jio liad visited thu Slaughter-yards and found that' there was no cruelty practised Upon the calves in the modo of killing. It was unanimously agreed thot f-lio ¡jon:' trr-usurcr bo empowered to pay Mr. Stuart one month's salaiy ; ami that all futuro payments to him should be mode monthly. EXPEDITIOUS TRAVELLING.-Emu Bay to Hobart Town in ono day is an cxamplo of colority iii travelling that wo aro not often called upon to chronicle. Somo of tho passcngers>who left Emu Bay at half-past 4 o'clock on Saturday morning, in tho 's.s. Dovon, howovér, woro, by tho express train, onablcd to reach Hobart Towu tho same evening, at a quarter to 9 o'clock, having been convoyed by sea and land, a distance ÓT about 230 miles, in ono day. Gni'FN PONDI.-The Green Ponds Cricket Club commonccs the season on the 21st September, with a mutch between the old and now members. Tho following are the names of tho players ¡-"-Old mem- bers : T. Eddington, J. W.Falnujr, ,0. Flexmore, II. W. Elliss, P. Goodwin, 'Albt., Flexinojo, T. Weeding, T. Gorringo, It.'Kemp, J. Weeding,' T. A. Weiß, Now Mombors : Win. Brook, C Grif- fiths, E. Reynolds, O. Smith Alfred 'Flexmore, p; BroWJrio'.- Plexlnbre;'J.,,Haleipáé1¡iKiiaea; Babbington, Play to couunenceat-iO'd'eloeki'-i> t ! CLARK'S GAIETY GROUP.;-This company de served a larger audience than was present at their opening performance at the "Tasmanian Hall last night. Tho troupe is not a large one, but each member is an artist in his or her particular lino. Thu business is novel and clever, and deals chiefly with specialties out of .the music-hall role. The entertainment opened with some cunning sleight of-hand tricks by Mr. Alfred Sylvester. Ho intro- duced nearly all the jugglery which havo nn'o tho FaKir of Oolu (his fatlicr) famous. The talking money, the mysterious disappearance of a handker- chief from a decanter, and tho flying bird-cago 'which apparently with tho ioathorod songster in it dissolve into thin air, were alf the work of a finished performer aud we're much appreciated. Mr. Ernest Voltaire, thoj J! premier ventriloquist," ? amused the audience with his mechanical figures, 'which ho made appear to speak by clover manipu- lation and surprising powers of - second voice. The automat», aro mode to carry on au amusing dialogue, sing solosaud duets, and in a word prove a very entertaining company, the more-so as their mentor never seems by the impurturbabílity of his face, to be giving the slightest, vocal utterance. After this, carno the exhibition of- " The Sleeping Beauty," in which Millie."Naomi, while apparently in a. mesmeric state, I induced hy . Mr. Sylvester, appears suspended in the air, resting with one elbow on a rod. The lady in her aerial seance by change of pose, and the use of graceful and appropriate costumes, is made to represent a senes >of mythological characters, such as the Goddess of Night, the Goddess of Morn, Justice, Soring, etc., the transformations being accompanied by suitable music. The second part consisted of The Talking Hand by Mr. Voltaire, and tho Mysterious Cabinet by M.. Sylvester. The former was an artistic piece of ventriloquism, the voice being thrown apparently into far distance, and the latter was a reproduction of the celebrated rope tying per- formance of the Davenport Brothers. The cabinet, however, in this case is of green baize instead of wood, but instruments are played, a coat taken off and put on, and a variety of other fantastic tricks oxecuted by the apparently hound performer, ' just iu the same way as by'the world-renowned brother». Mr, Sylrostor was bound by two gentle liicu chosen from the audience, one of whom subsequently went into the cabinet tied to him, wlieu his watch was taken out of his pocket und a hat placed en his head, though after i every one* of these diversions the other was found secured as before. He said he felt as if seven or eight hands were touching, him at once, and iii placts it was seemingly impossible for Mr. Syl- vester to reach. Finally the latter became released while his hands were full of flour, to convinco the the audience, as he said, that he did not release himself. Daring the evening Miss Minnie Nordt, who possesses a well cultivated voice, sang some songs very pleasantly, and rendered a number of selections on the piano. The performance will be repeated to-night. . THEATRE ROYAL.-Despite the counter attrac- tions thero was a numerous attendance at the Theatre Royal last evening, when the Wheatleigh and Lcgraud Coinpany added another success to their former achievements. Tho popular sensa- tional Irish drama,of the Colleen Baton ve» pro- duced, and the greatest possible attention had been bestowed on the scenery, costumes, and other accessories of the play. The popularity gained by Mr, diaries Wheatleigh in his admirable imper- sonation of "Conn," in the S/iaughraun, led many of his admirers to anticipate that his interpretation of the role of "Myles-na- Coppaleen," in the Colleen Baum, would leave nothing whatever for the most carping critic to be dissatisfied with. The anticipation was realised to the* fullest extent last evening, The genial smile of Mr. Wheat- leigh, his well- timed entrances, and spirited acting throughout, secured the heartiest appreciation of tho auditors. The conception of the character of .' Hardresa Orogau " by Mr, A. J. Byrne was good, but was somewhat marred iu execution by a limited acquaintance witli the text, necessitating an awkward pausa occasionally. Mr. H. M. Humph- reys' assumption of the character of "Kyrie Daly " was moderately successful, and would have been more appreciated hud he relied somewhat less upon the piomptcr. The almost inexplicable character of "Danny Mann," in which there is such an incongruous combination of devotedness to his master aud aptitude for crime, was wisely allotted to Mr. Dan Barry, who suceeeded in giving a ropnlsivfe aspect to a character whose deformity was_sniilcient to make his presence disagreeable. As *" leather Tom " Mr. Charles Newton was very successful. The highfy emotional part of "Eily O'Connor" (the Colleen Bawn), -was admirably sustained by Miss Tilly Earl ; \vhile the part of her rival "Anne Chute " the vivacipus heiress, was done full justice to by Miss Clara Henderson. The impersonators of the subordinate characters were in some respect a drawback upon tho success of the representation, but that was principally owing to a want of know- ledge of their parts. The'scenery was of an excell- ent description and the cave scone especially called for-tho highest eulogiuins upon the gaenic artist and mcohanist. To-night the same play is to be re- peated, and wo have no doubt that by, avoiding a few hitches which occurred last evening the management will find it to their advantage to keep the Colleen Bawn upon the boards for a night or two longer, .. ¡ D'ARCY READ'S GHOST.-Last evening another full house testified to the merits of this cnjbyablo and laughter provoking entertainment, tho spectral acting creating much diversion. A change of per- formance was given, the programmo consisting of Tobins' Phantasm (an adaptation of the principle of the talking head), a Pursee m search of his wife, My Wife's Ghost, and the repetition of the Phantom Christys givqn last week. . The various tableaux wero carofully and effectively displayed, tho drolleries, frolics, and jokes of tho phantoms caused much amusement, and the real and the unreal, the substance and the shadow, acted so mysteriously aud harmoniously" together, that in many casos it was difficult to tell whether the frequent applause whieh greeted the"performancos was awarded to the spectres or tho legitimate aetors on tho stage. During the evening a variety of dances and comicali . ties wore introduced with success. Some vocal and instrumental music (?) was also rendered, but con- cord and molody wero again markedly absent and contributed somewhat to detract from the other portiou of tho exhibition. The same programme is to bo repeated to-night. BLACK BHUSH-A mooting of persons interested in the Black Brush ploughing match, took place at the Jordan Inn, on Saturday, tho 14th inst. Those present seemed to evinco a lively interest in the forthcoming match. It was unanimously resolved that the match takp place on October 18th, on land the property of Mr. J. Tonks, contiguous to .the Jordan Inn, The treasurer and secretary of last year's ploughing .match were re-elected'. The com mittco at mauagomeilt consist of tho following iiersons :-Messrs. E. Munday, J. Munday, .7. tlnrpliy, M. Johnson, G. Ellis, J. Johnson, D. F, Fergusson, J. McShane, and C. Bayley. Other resolutions, necessary to the preliminary arrange- ments, were also passed. A voto of thanks was acorded to Mr. Tonks, tho chairman, who appro- priately replied. FooniAi.r,.-A match was played at Now Town, on ground belonging to Rev. A. N. Mason, on Saturday afternoon, hutwoen IC from Now Town, aud a similar numbor from the City School. Play began about a quarter to 3 o'clock, and proved very exciting, for during the first tlireo half-hours goals were obtained by neither side. However, towards the end of the game the New Town players, determined oat te be beaten, put on a rush, and when time was called hod succeeded in obtaining two goals to their opponents' none. Both goals wore kicked by Grisk, who played a good game throughout. This now leaves the two clubs equal, as tho previous match was won by the City School. Pierce, Hughes, Fisher, and Taylor distinguished themselves for New Town ; and Marsden, Ellis, WiBe, 'and Brownell for the City -School.-Commu- nicated. . . GAI.VANISINO.-Mr. W. J. Rout, of Charlos-st., Launceston, has completed arrangements for gal- vanising iron buckets, tubs, &c.;,.and a specimen of his work, a pail. made of tho first galvanised iron produced in Tasmania, has been sent ' to us. No doubt there will bo a domand for galvanising, now that it is known that it can bo done in the colony. Tin: MARINE SDKVKY ANO CAPTAIN STANLEY. On loaming that the Tasmanian Government had undertaken to continue tho survey of Bass's Straits, Mr. Berry offered to sall the Victoria to (Hmt colony. On Thursday, however, says the Argus, tho lion, gentleman received a telegram declining ''tho offer on the ground ' that tho vessel is unsuit- able for tho work. Sho draws too much water. Thero lms: been no offer for the Victoria sinco Captain ii Waddell ¡desired to buy'hor for use in lieu of the Shenandoah. A warm alterca- tion regarding Captain Stanley, 'R.N., sprang up in tho Legislative Assembly. In spcuking of the transfer of tho s's. Victoria from the Marino Survey to the Naval department, tho Chief Secretary snid that - sho was iu such a filthy state when slip was háh'dcd ovor that the men employed in clean- ing hur ware taken sick, and had to bo convoyed to tho hospital. Experienced men said that they hail never seen anything like it oven in t|io slavo traolo of Africa itself. Several members who have a psrsonal acquaintance with Captain Stanjpy's qnalt; ties of a sailor, described this statement as in- credible. Mr Kerferd, Sir. Francis, Mr, M.iclinin, and Mr. M'Intyre, spoke of the nttoutian Captain Stanley lies ton ed upon his vessel, ami his strict habits of discipline, and Air. Francis declared with omphasis that the charge was the icsult of '.' bins and Bpleou." " Koop your tompor," said tho Cliiof Socrotary. .'I oon't koop my temper when I hoar an limiost man maligned, replied Mr. Fraucis, Tho tnombor for Warrnambool spoke of Oapt. Stanley as being "dismissed" from tho service, and saul there was now a desire to degradó linn, and he protested against an oflicer who had sorved the country with zeal and ability being so treated. Air. Berry replied, thero had hoon no dismissal,-but the survey work so far as Victoria was concerned was ? completed, and Captain Stanley remained au Imperial officor, ana would rccoivo his colonial allowanco from Tasmania. Mr. Berry boro testi- mony to tho first-class manner in which tho survey work had been oxecuted"under Captain Stanley, but beyond that he deolincd to go, and tho discussion dropped, several members expressing a belief that Captain Stanley would have bo difficulty iu offering ' 4 óérreotion or a» explau»tiofl.'-J .i--ii»e . ¡ THE NEW COMMODORE OF THE AUSTRALIAN FLEET.-Wo have been courteously supplied with tho following particulars respecting the recently appointed Commodore of tho Australian Fleet, which have boen gleaned from tho Navy list : John Crawford Wilson, a Naval Aido- do.Camp to tho Queen; entered tho service in 1847 ! received a Comission as Lieutenant in 1855 ; was appointed Commander in 1801, and Commissioned as a Captain on February 17th, 1865. Commodore Wilson served iu the Crimean war as a mate in tho Algiers, a line of battle steam ship; as Elag Captain to Rear Admiral Ramsay on tho South East Coast of America, in tho Narcissus, and sustained a similar position, to Vico Admiral Elliott, on Ibu Shcerness, Homo Slatiou iu Pembroke ; and at a later period was Captain of tho Impregnable, training ship for boys, at Devonport, and mora recently Captain of the Thunderer, of H. M. Channel Squadron. Commodore Wilson will bo 44 years of ago in November next. COLONEL SCRATCHLEY.—By the mail news has arrived that Lieut.-Colonel Scratchley, R.E., has been elected an associate member of the Institute tion of Civil Engineers of London. PRESENTATION TO MR. S. S. TRAVERS.-The members of the Hobart Town Tennis Club yester- day afternoon assembled at the Court for the pur- pose of presenting Mr. Travers with a silver ink- stand, in recognition of his patriotic spirit in having erected the Court, and introduced the game of tennis to Tasmania. There was a good attendance of the members of the club, and the presentation was made on their behalf by Mr. Justice Dobson. His Honor referred to the great benefit and pleasure he, and all those who participated in the game, de- rived from it, and, on presenting the testimonial, read the address, which stated that the members of the club desired Mr. Travers' acceptance of the silver inkstand, as a slight testimonial of their appreciation of the pleasure and advantage they had derived from his liberality and public spirit in erecting the only Tennis Court in the southern hemisphere ; and also as an expression of their warm regard for himself personally. It was signed by His Honor Judge Dobson, and Messrs. Charles Butler, Edwd. H. Butler, L Holden, M. Allport, James W. Whyte, C. Poynter, George F. B. Poynter, H. E. Kater, J. V. Buckland, D. N. Jamieson, H. B. Bromby, Jas. Macfarlane, T. G. Bisdee, T. M, Evans, A. Dobson, H. Weld Blun dell, A. T. Cox, F. J. Simson, E. J. Freeman, W. Guesdon, H. J. Buckland, W. St. Hill, Lieut.-Col.; C. R. Morriss, F. V. Smith, J. C. Mace, E. D. Swan, and John Macfarlane. Mr. Travers replied, thanking the members of the club for their hand- some gift, and expressed the gratification it afforded him in seeing so much interest taken in the game of tennis. The inkstand was made by Messrs. Kaul and Edwards, Collins-street, Melbourne, and is of appropriate design, the engravings being re- markably well executed. MUSCULAR CHRISTIANITY.-Small boy, throwing his feet into tho air, and ia popular parlance " standing on his head." Small girl standing by looking on admiringly. Little larrikin resumes tho natural perpendicular, and observes to young lady friend : "lhere-um. I learnt that at Sunday School" (fact.) INTERCOLONIAL FILES.-By the s.s. Mangana, which arrived at Launceston on Sunday, from Mel- bourne, wo havç received files of - Viotoriau papers from 12th to 14th September ; New South WaleB, 9th to 11th; South Australia, 10th to 11th; Queensland, 4th to 9th. TUB VICTORIAN LOAN.-The Victorian Govern- ment and their supporters do not like the idea that the proposed loan of four million would bo a failure if offered, mid they have used every endeavour to show that statements to that effect were not true. Let the following from Thursday's A rous decide : Mr Berry yesterday replying to Mr. aervioe, said that the telegram the banks had received fron) Lou \- don, and the result of the regent bank conferences, had boen mutilated and misrepresented in tho accounts published in the press. At a subsequent period of tho evening Mr. Berry read the telegram, and it will bo seen on reading it that, so far as the Argus is concerned, its'contents wore voiy fairly stated in our columns. The tolegrain as follws: -"London, 29th August, 7p.ni.-To. J. Mathieson, Esq., Bank of Australasia, Melbourne Associated banks advise that tho'stringent stato of our money market, and the alarm taken by Stock- Exchange as to amount of Australians loans, make it hopeless at present to launch your loan. Banka behave that tho minimum of £90 would fail to float It. (Signed) D. LARNACII." TASMANIAN SHEEP.-Messrs. Powers, Rutherford and Co., of Melbourne, sold on Wednesday three puro merino stud rams fur Mr. James Gibson, of Tasmania, for 450 guineas. COLONIAL GEESK IN ENGLAND.-It would appear that there aro other things in. which Australia can astonish the old country besides boating and cricket. Mr. J. Pemcll, of Randwick, a gentleman well-* known in Tasmania, some time ago sent homo a shipment of six gceso, bred by himself, and which were at once entered for competition in the champion class at the great Bedfordshire show, held at Luton. The result, as wo learn from tho S, M. Herald, was gratifying. Mr. Pemcll has received tho following .oablegram i-"Entered two pairs ; got third prize, and highly commended. Near GOO poultry entries ; open to all England. Competition hot." THE annual meeting of tho Derwent Cricket Club is to be held in the Cricketers' Pavilion on Thursday next at 5 p.m. Tins EVENING a meeting of members of the "Young Men's Cluistian Association will be held at tho Free- masons' Hall. Tin: Alain Line Railway arrangements for the Mid- land show at Campbell Towu on tho 9th Octobor aro published elsewhere. Till! Loyal Franklin Lodgo will celebrate their anniversaiy by bidding a tea- meeting and concert lu the Mechanics' Institute, Franklin, on Wednesday, Octobor 9. Tin: annual fancy dress ball under tho auspices of the Mercantile Assembly, is to bo held at Webb's rooms on Thursday evening, Oct. 17. Wo are informed that the tickets are rapidly going off, and only a limited number being issued to prevent a crush, wo advise early application. Judging by the success of the uno last yeyr, we anticipate a large attendance. A MEETINQ of members of the Midland Jockey Club is to be held nt the Oatlands Hotel on Thursday next, at 3 o'clock, to arrange a programme for the Biintmer meeting. A GYMNASTIC PERFORMANCE and concert will toke place in the Library Hall, Richmond, on Saturday next. A pum.io MEETINQ in connection with the Hobart Town branch of the Church of England Temperance Society will be held in Trinity schoolroom on Thurs- day evening. . 