THE Sf IDEE OE DUXTON. | > Chapter I. — 'Britons Never Shall Be Slaves T lintion . lvery gintiemaa will now brine his heels smartly together, nrace his body uv dropping his arms to his sides— little fingers touching the seams of his trousis, and gently feel his files right and left. Now. Von nnJcv. stand, at the word 44 'Tintion" all to sprint smartly up. Now then— 'Tintion 1' There was a shuffling movement in a row of ansae nve-and-twenty men, standing before a very starchy, smart, smalipox- peppered sergeant of the Coldstreams, who frowned upon them fiercely, as he stood with his cane thrust under Ms arms and across his back, trussing him like a skewer, as he snapped and barked forth Ms orders to Ms awkward squad. Hs>3 you were !' shcuted the sergeant. And the row of men, in all sizes and costumes, stood once mere at what was supposed to bu ease, but in a very stiff, constrained way. Now gintlemen, pray do try— see if ye can't do ita little worse this time. All ye've got to do is to spring smartly up, heels together, fingers touching the seams of yer trousis. Now, then, smartly—' 'Tintion 1 That's better, gintlemen. Now dress— eyes right. No, .no, no, sor ; don't bob yonr head forrid like that ; jist turn yer eye to the right, and range yerself with yer ueebor. Number six, there— an inch forrider. No, no, not a fut— now, that's too far back. There, that'll do. Number four, theie— gintlemen, do pay 'tintion. What's the good of me roaring me- self hoarBe if ye won't listen ! Number four, I say 1' 4 Now, then, number four,' was muttered. And the men on either side nudged a pudgy ittle gentleman of abont forty. 4 Silence, there, in the rank !' cried the ser geant. 4 Nobody to spake but me. Now, then, there ; is there a number four at all — at all ? That short gintlemen there — why don't ye answer, sir ?' 4 Oh, am I number four V said the pudgy gen- tleman. 4 Why, what are ye, if ye're not ?' cried thai sergeant. 4 Didn't ye call ont yer number when we told off by fours from the lift ? Gintlemen, I'm ashamed of ye — ye don't get on a bit. Now, thin, keep yer dress ; and I say, sir, what are ye doing. If natur's given ye a bigger bread basket than other men, ye needn't be so proud of it that ye're showing it right in front of all the rank. Brace yerself up, sir ! It's yerchists I want to see to the front, gintlemen, and yer bodies well balanced en the pynts of yer feet. That's better. New, ye're all in position, and mind and keep it. Ah ! don't move— ye're all at 'tintion.' The sergeant stiffly inarched down the front of his squad, and up sue duck, administering a pat here and a poke there, squinting along the row of noses to get them in line, and then marching back to his former position, while his squad stood hot and panting yet from the number of times that they had been marched and doubled up and down the flags of the great hall of Westminster, lit up and lent by Governmenfe, during the recess, for the drilling of various London volunteer corps. The hour was about half-past 7, and seven or eight more squads were being put through their paces by their various drill-sergeants, whose orders echoed in the roof as they halted, faced, and backed, and appeared to worry the men under their charge, in their efforts to turn them from sentient human beings into portions of that great piece of mechanism— a regiment of soldiery be they volunteer or mercenary troops. Spsc- tafcors there were but few ; only here and. there officers in Volunteer undress uniform, stood and smiled, and straddled about, watch ing the progress of their men in ffce ot the regular practitioners, and generaUythem- selves" wearing ah expression mingled of pride v andshhme imtheir new uniform. They mostly seemed tfbub&& With au'ldea that everybody was staring at them;' and thfe "efforts to maintain unconscious look -were, on the whole, A dead failure; till, they were released from their un pleasant, position by the drill-sergeant placing them in a worse, and asking them to take com mand of a company, and issue orders that would come at the wrong time and place. Now, gintiemen, ' said the sergeant O? whom we treat, ' I am going to try the first extinsion movement, 5 Tchisher-r-r-r !' from the left, ' For goodness sake, gintiemen, do be care ful P cried the sergeant, imploringly, Here's all my tyle thrown away. Do think of that, row — a file sneezing at 'tintion P 'Well, hang it sergeant, it's the dust — er- tcktthere P went the pudgy gentleman dubbed nu mber four. Dust, sir !' reared the sergeant. ' What's <tlu8t got to do with it ? When a man's at 'tin tion he's no business to have any imotions or feelings, or anything. Now, gintiemen, pray be careful. First extiusien motion. When I say — Confound it, sir, put that handkercher awayl' 'Why, I must blow my nose,' growled the gentleman who had been found fault with re specting prominent parts of his person. 4 No you musn't, sor. Why, just suppose, now, that ye all had. your rifles, and I gave the order, " Fix bayonets !" — how would ye do that with a yaller silk handkercher flourishing about ? Now, thin, giutlemen, keep yer dress, and be ready ; we're going to practise the balance-step. Whin I say "front," every man will extend his right fat eighteen inches, as if he was going to march, and hold it there, but without touch ing the ground ; body well balanced, and no 8 wagging abont. Thin, when I say "rare," "the fut is to be carried back behind the body. And, mind -this, gintiemen, whin the fut is to the front, the toes are to be well down ; when the fut is to the rare, the toes are to be well up. Now, thin, gintiemen — Front.' In a most irregular way, five and twenty feet were thrust ont, some to rest on the ground, some taking their owners with them, and some to be held correctly, while the recruits tried hard to balance themselves on one leg. 4 'Tintion,' cried the sergeant. Ray ley, gintle- we must have more care. Now, thin, once snore— and mind, sor, plase,'he said to the little atout gentleman, you were quite out of your dressing.' ' All right, sergeant,' said the little man, cheerily ; and then to his neighbour, in a whisper, ' Look out, Potter.' "Tintion, there — now, thin,' without farther warning, cried the sergeant, ' Front !' Every foot was extended ; and, though the line was very wobbly, the men contrived to k«ep on one leg. Very good, gintlenien,' cried the sergeant. "Now, thin, whin I Bay "rare," the right foot to be carried back, and held there. Rare ! Very good. Keep it there. Now, thin, again. Keep your balance, gintiemen. Front ! Rare ! Front 1 Rare ! Front ! — Ah 1' The sergeant might well shriek forth Ah !' For, just as every mam was balanced on one leg, the stout little gentleman gave a lurch to the right, and another to the left, and the whole squad toppled sidewise in extricable confusion — the impulse given by one push being continued all along the line, men going down after the fashion of a row of the tin soldiers of childhood, from some unlucky touch just after they had beenranged. 1 Pick yerselves up, gintiemen — pick yerselves up. It was a done thing, I can see ; but, let me tell ye, such a game as that in the regular troops would have been extry drill in heavy marching order.' The stout little gintleman was evidently much affected by the prospect, for he stood wiping the tears from his eyes, and occasionally administer ing a dig in his tali, stout neighbour's side — elbow thrusts which brought forth expostula- tory growls, and at length a lond remonstrance.. 4 Now, thin, giutlemen,' eried the sergeant, viciously, as he formed his squad once more into line ; and then out of revenge he marched them up and down the hall — right turn, left turn, front turn, forward, right turn, forward, double, right wheel, left wheel, right about wheel — till the dust was beaten up, and men perspired and panted. First the protuberant gentleman, then his friend the short, stout gentleman, and then a couple more, fell out, panting, and wiping the perspiration from their brows, when the ser geant considerately halted, and dismissed the residue, and an adjournment took place. 4 Tell you what it is, Skewy,' said the tall, stoat gentlemen, as he and his friend sought a neighbouring bar, where they recruited them selves with stout and oysters, ' I've had nearly enough of this." Pooh I nonsense — do us no end of good,' said the plnmp, rosy little man, addressed as Skewy. 'The very thing we wanted. March out to morrow in uniform — band — and British admiring maidens, and that sort of thing. You must keep it up, Potter.' I've had too much of this heavy drill lately. I want a change,' said the gentleman addressed as Potter. ' Change ! Yes, you shall have change enough ; only don't talk of dropping it. Now you men tion it, though, I think a change would do us both good. But eome, 1 say, let's get back now. ' 4 I shall have another dozen of oysters first, and then I shall top off with a glass of whiskey and water before I think of moving,' said Mr. Potter, heavily. No, no ; let's get back. I'll call a hansom, and we'll have them at home,' said the other, testily. 4 1 shall have them here,' said Mr. Potter. 4 Then I shall go without you,' said the other. 4 Mr, Askew,' said Potter, loftily, 4 you may go to, Jericho if you like. Waiter, open me another dozen of oysters.' Mr. Askew, familiarly termed by his friend 1 Skewy,' looked at his brother volunteer angrily for a moment, and then walked ont into the street, but only to return at the end of a few seconds. 4 1 say, Potter,' he said, coaxingly, 'come along. There's that piece on at the Adelphi, and we could just manage it now, if we started.' Mr. Potter refused to hearken, and upon a couple more appeals being made, he turned bis back upon his friend, who testily left the refresh- meat bar, the swinging door banging heavily behind him. Chapter II. — Introduces Jones and Co. Lieutenant Reginald Jones, of the 1st Dux- shire .XaghkHoBsesatLin his-drawingroom-at Richmond YUK IDaxton, , leading 2 'Ac Times. The troop iiaaMen out that afternoon, and Mr. JonCS Jiaretrned somewhat jaded., so that fie ; had contented"himaelf with merely changing his shell jacket for a shooting boat, and his graceful lower limbs were still encased in blue trousers with a broad silver stripe, while his spurs were buried in the thick woolly hearth-rug. Mrs. Jones was there also, in a low berg&re; chair, busily engaged with the large fashion sheet of the Young Ladies Journal, which employment she, however, soon changed, with a sigh, for the magazine itself, and began to devour Spenser's Wife.' Now, it must not be supposed that Mrs. Jones was a lady of ghost-like or anthropophagistic habit, for it was only a story by the above title, and it was being mentally digested when Mr. Jones spoke, without lifting his from the paper — ' My darling ! 'Yes, dearest,' was the reply. ' A few more ceals upon the fire, my own.' 'Yes, love,' said Mrs. Jones, in tremulous tones, mingled of cold, affection, and interest. Mr. Reginald Jones read on as hard as he could, being deeply interested in the reported proceedings of the volunteers, for he only had The Times for one hoar every evening, and as it was had afterwards by an irascible half-pay captain, who was given to being ' waxey' — so the boy said — if it was late, the said boy was very punctual in fetching it away. Mrs. Jones, too, read on, forgetful of the fire in her interest, and the consequence was that the fire resented the neglect, so that the lady and gentleman shivered slightly from time to time. Mr. Jones was not a handsome man, neither was be young, but he was comfortably eff, ' as the saying is.' Neither was Mrs. Joaes hand some, hut there was a great deal of the Roman matron about her. She was more prominent than bony, not angular, by any means, but prominent in every respect. Her features were prominent, especially her nose and eyes — the latter, in fact, so much so that when, some fif teen years before, she had been the inmate of a finishing seminary, she was popularly known as 'Strangles.' She was prominent of voice also, for it possessed that unmellow and musical twang that sometimes affects the voices of maiden ladies not attnned in early years by the softening hand of love. Mr. Reginald Jones had for many years been the faithful Iriend and companion of Messrs. Potter and Askew, of whose statns in society more anon ; but it fell out that during a short visit to Duxton, and a stay at the County Arms in that_ town for the purpose of having & few runs with the North Down pack, he was thrown from his horse, or, as one of the whips said, come off like a sack of chaff.' The accident necessitated the services of the principal practi tioner in the place, Doctor Langton Smallbois — they did say hi3 name was Small&oys; when he was young, but it was spelled Small&ois; on the brass plate on his door, so it must have been ?ight. The attendance resulted in an introduc tion to the doctor's family of four unmarried daughters and his lady, ' the amiable spouse of our noble-hearted physician,' as it ©nee said in the Dtixion Dictum, when that paper reported the company present at the last volunteer ball in the big room of the County Arms, though the iil-natured of the place had christened her the Spider of Daxton.' At all events, Mr. Jones, pale, interesting, and forty, was introduced, and the result was such as usually befals living beings who set caught in webs. Mrs. Smallbois soon found that Mr. Jones had no legal practice, bnt that he had seven hundred a year, clear of income-tax ; and that same night, in bed, she made use of the following strange words to her lord, who was very sleepy from having been called up two nights running— 4 He'ii do, Lang.' And before long it seemed that he did do, for Mrs. Smallbois threw web after web round the poor ieiio w, and did not let him go till he was engaged to her eldest daughter ; and six months after" he became the husband of Seraphina, otherwise ' Strangles,' otherwise, in the domestic circle, ' Saph,' though, in spite of her size, not from any allusion to the giant of old. In those honey-and-water days preceding the tying of the nuptial knot, when Jones's friends had given him up for a renegade, the fair Sera- phina exacted a great many promises, and among others that she should not be takes away from ' dear msmma/ and that Mr. Jones was to give up all his naughty, wild, wicked com panions, the consequence neing that J., so Mrs. Smallbois called him, under dear mamma's orders, bought the half- finished villa two miles on the London Read, and dear mamma bullied :i the builder till he got it finished, when she helped her dear lambs to furnish. The course of true lovs never did run smooth — everybody knows that ; and Mrs. Sm&Ilbois;'s second and third daughters were greatl v dis gusted that Mr. J ones had not proposed to one of them in preference, Arabella saying that he was a great booby ; Grace, that he was little oetter than an idiot; while Mary, ths fourth daughter — a Cinderella sort of young person whem nobody ever thought of noticing — went and kissed big Sapb, and with tears in her eves, told her that she hoped she would be happy, a display of affection resulting in her being told not to be a lit tie fool. Had Mr. Jones been left to himself he would coon have furnished his badly-finished, raw villa, but, mamma said no ; she could not stand by and see dear Jones's money wasted ; so she set about it herself, seeking bargains at Bonham's and Oxenham s, and every other sale room in London, bullying brokers, and showing the Israelitish vultures— who will nor, if they can help it, allow any decent person to buy an article at u fair auction price— that she did not care for them a bit. It was quite cheering to hear of the bargains she secured ; and if she was forced by coalescion to pay generally a good deal more for goods than they were worth, Jones did not know the difference, so it did not matter. Tottenham Court road did the rest, and Mrs. Smallbois congratutated her dear bey at last upon her having saved him quite £250, whilst his drawiagroom suite — ' suet' the furniture- dealer called it — was one of the sweetest things under a roof. This digression for the description of persons, places, and things, was necessary ; but the way being now clear, we proceed to where Mr. and Mrs. Jones, after some months of matrimony, sat on either side of their neglected fire. Mr. Jones fhad twice, as he read on, hitched his chair a little closer to the grate — so also had Mrs. Jones— and at last, just when, caused aitheiufrom-o»Mf»'koriyrwhat4heyveftd;i those little hills seated upon the cuticle hap arrived at their greatest . point of surface- highest state of apex— -and the occupants q£ Richmond Villa drawineroom were decidedly goose- skinny, Jane,, parlour and housemaid, went to /answer the gate bell, for the news-la, had come for tjie Times. m ; The. night Was stormy, and the wind set ih straight at the front ; apd as the front door was opened, puff ! the wind came in with a rush, dashed down the passage, burst open the Un fastened drawing-room door with a crash, striking the cheffonier behind; the camphine lamp went out in an instant ; and brought back so suddeniy to matters mundane, Mrs. Jones shrieked aloud, and then gave vent to number less hysterical sobs. Dashing down the broadsheet, Mr. Jones would have aided his lady, but the fire was ex- tinet, and he was in total darkness, so that there was nothing for him to do but to; grope his way to the bell upon, Mrs, . Jones's side of the mantelpiece, sweeping off as he did so a large ornamental vase, which shivered with a loud crash in the fender, adding to Mrs. Joneses alarm, during which time the wind . howled' and whistled with triumphant defiance, till, after a hard struggle, Jane managed to . close the front door, leaving the boy in the passage. 'Here! a light — a light !' cried Jones, franti cally, as he heard the front door close, and steps go pattering over the oUcloth. Then a door was opened somewhere in the back, and soon after the maid appeared, kitchen candlestick in hand, to stand staring with wonder ; but the next moment she caught up the Times, hurried out into the passage, and started the boy, before she returned to stand staring once more. 'There — there ! don't stand in that stupid, helpless way, girl !' cried Mr. Jones, as he tried to light the lamp. 'Run and fetch the cook to come and assist your mistress.' ' Plee', sir, did the wind blow the fire out, too ?' gasped the astonished maid. ' Oh, oh, oh 1' sobbed Mrs. Jones, giving her self a criek in the neck, by letting her head hang over the chair, back, nntil her lord eased her down upon the hearth-rug, 'There, don't stand staring like that, girl !' cried Mr. Jones. ' Fetch the cook, I tell you. What is it, my own V he whispered, as he tried to soothe his lady; for Mr. Jones was a firm be liever in hysterics, especiaUy in those of Mrs. Jones, specimens of which he had gazed upon once or twice before. 'Oh, oh, oh !' gargled Mrs. Jones. 'Tell me, my sweet, what is it?' cried the kneeling Jones. ' It's sterricks, sir — that's what it is,' said a rather husky voioe. 'It's sterricks, sir, aud bad 'ans, too, a pore dear ! Ah, sir, you shouldn't, you know. I knows what things is, and how things is, and I'm afraid you've been a worritin' of her. Never mind then, a pore dear, it'll soon be better.' The voice proceeded from the dame who pre sided over the back regions of Mr. J ones's villa, for the consideration of eighteen pounds a year, and found her own tea and sugar. She was a stoutish, elderly lady, with a florid countenance, aud a temper. In short, the voice was that of Mrs. Sealder, the cook, who now lent her aid to the shivering Jones. 'Jest as I thought, sir,' she exclaimed, after some manipulation : ' there's them blessed laces that tight as you can't get your finger in.' ' Oh, cook I how can you ?' exclaimed Jane. ' Well, so they are, Miss Demure. Now, ain't they, sir? You hold her pore head a bit, while I snips 'em up. There ! then, now she can breathe again. What a pity it is as the pore thing will worry herself so about her figure ! Come, then ; what is it then V ' Oh, oh, oh !' gasped Mrs. Jones, as if running up a scale. ' You see she's a getting her breath quite free now, sir," said Mrs. Scalder. 'She's a coming ; round. What's them, sir ?' ' Salts,' said Mr, Jones, in the humble way peculiar to gentlemen in snch emergencies. ' And what's that ere in the jug ?' , Cold water,' said Jane, who had already wetted her hands with sprinkling intentions. There, take 'em both away ; the pore thing wants none o' your salt and water, I knew. She want's her pcre pale lips to be rubbed and my 8 toned with just a wee taste of sperrits.' Leaving her words to work for themselves, Mrs. Scalder busied hereelf patting and chafing, heedless that her brown 'front,' with its black silk parting, had so slipped down over one side of her forehead, as to give her a weird, goblin, or rakish look — one that would suggest ideas respecting ' lips being mystened with jest a wee taste of sperrits.' Mr. Jones took the hint, and fetched from the cskaret the decanter which contained eognac, when Mrs. Scalder ' mystened' the lady's lips and temples, and afterwards tried to make her partake of a part of a wine-glassful, but without effect; when, not knowing what to do with it, and for fear of waste, Mrs. S. took advantage of Mr. Jones's hack being turned, and tossed off the fiery spirit without winking. There's a pore thing,' said Mrs. Scalder, 4 she's getting over it nistely. Pray, don't be hard on her, sir ; don't say nothing to the pore thing. It makes my heart — ' ' But, my good woman,' remonstrated Jones. 4 1 never — ' ' There — there, sir ; don't say no more,' said Mrs. Scalder. ' I've lived a many years, and I knows what things is.' And she wagged her head sagely and mourn fully. 4 Why, hang the woman V cried Jones, 4 What does she mean ?' ' Oh — oh — eh !' sobbed Mrs. Jones. ' There, now, sir ; you see what you've been and done. I did beg of you not to,' said Mrs. Scalder, reproachfully. « You shouldn't sir- indeed you shouldn't ! Jest think what tender flowers women is. Now you've driven her back into a lapse. Now, do take the ad wice of one as is old enough to be your mother. You ain't wanted here, so do go, there's a good soul. She won t be no better till you goes and leaves her for a bit. We 11 get her on the sefy, and make her cumf table; and bime-by you may come back and see how she's a getting on.' Mr. Jones did not much like being ordered out of his own room, so he scowled and hesitated, till, seeing Jane clasp her hands, and Mrs. Scalder mournfully raise her eyes towards the ceiling, he gave way, and went out into the passage. But recollecting directly after that he had left the brandy upon the table, and fancying that it would be better on the diningroom side board, he returned. But no sooner had Mr. Jones left the room than, going to the back of her reoumbent mis- | fa'cssfDame Scalder took decauter'IDid it hand, gave Jane a significant" wink, said some thing in a whisper about 4 a toothful,' and began pouring out a quantity which indicated hew large must be the capacity of Mrs. Scalder s hollow tooth. Directly after, with a grin at the fainting Saph, the brimming glass was raised to lip, when the door opened, and Mr. Jones ap peared. . , Crash went decanter and glass upon the carpet, and a gurgling appeal for help issued from the vessel's throat, as its potent contents began to trickle upon the floor. The appeal was too much for Mr. Jones, and also for the convicted cook. ' Good — good good !' went the wasting brandy ; and knowing its goodness tbey rushed to the rescue, when in an instant there was a heavier crash, for two heads came violently into contact, rebounded, and, naturally looking sheepish, Mr. Jones found himself seated upon the carpet, while Mrs, Jones screamed louder than ever, in con sequence of having to bear the weight of Mrs. Scalder, v:ho was lying across her with head resting upon the grate-bar, fortunately now nearly cold. Jane, shrieked in duet with Mrs. JoneB, who also struggled to free herself from the mighty mass ; but Mrs. Scalder lay motionless as heavy, till by sheer force Jane dragged her off, when, by the new catastrophe, quite freed from ' sterricks,' Mrs, Jones rose, and, in her tarn, helped to minister to the necessities of -the fallen cook, upon whose forehead a large bump was already rising, just where it was left exposed by the now missing front ; while as to the appear ance of Mrs. Scalder's grey head . It was not surprising that even though confused, Mr. Jones should withdraw ones more of his own accord, to calm himself with half an hour's walk and a cigar ; at the end of which time he re turned to find the fire re-lit, the tea-things upon the table, and Mrs. Jones pale and conscious, and apparently at a loss which r6le to adopt — that of the injured or injurer, and waiting for the course of events to furnish her with the necessary teachings. — Once a Week. (to b e 'coxtintrkd . ) 