THE CHURCHES. This being Christinas Day there will be the usual services in the various chuiches in Gee Ion#, for the purpose of honoring the season of r« joiciug in what is considered the holiest manner. As u*ual, most of the places of worship have been prettily adorned, so that a very pleading effect will be given to the service.-. . hrist Church (Episcopalian) will certainly take the lead as to the adornment?, for thirty of the ladies of the congregation, assisted by several young gentl men, have devoted much time to the adornment of the church, and decked it out in splendid style. A pretty sc.irlet maltese cross on white ground, ana surrounded with leaves, has bet-n placed on the front of the reading desk, whilst over the extreme end of the chancel window there is a crimson star on white ground, similarly adorned. On each side of the chanc 1 win dows there will be a cross of flowers, and crosses on either side of the chancel. The front? of the pulpit bears the monogram "X. H. ri." iu scarlet letters upon a white ground, with a surrounding of ivy leaves. Gar lands and designs in flowers, etc., beau tify the transepts and nave. On one side are the words, " Unto us a child is born." and on the opposite, "Unto us a son is given," worked in gold letters on' white grounds UnJer the side windows of the transept the word " Hallelujah," in gold letters on a white ground, adds to the prettiness of the scene, and on either side of the chancel windows there is the inscription "Emanuel, God with us.'r On the wall in the nave of the church, on glazed paper and in colored letters lined with leaves, are the words, 44 The Comforter which is the Holy Ghost." The following scriptural texts are hung on the walls in addition to tho-e mentioned: -4* Glory to God in the highest," and "Thou art the Iting of glory, 0 Christ." Service will be held in the morning, at eleven o'clock, by the liev. Mr Garlick. The volun taries to be played by the organist, MrG. Steed man, are the Pastoral Symphony and Halle lujah Chorus, both from Handel'** Messiah. At St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church there are festoons of evergreens, intermixed With flowers, stretching on either side of the sacred edifice from the main entran- e door in Yarra street to the altar. A large arch, made of leaves, eta, is erected over the centre altar, above which are the words,44 Gloria in Excelsis Deo," emblazoned on a crimson background. The walls of the building are tastefully arrayed with handsome devices worked in ivy and other lea> es. The whole presents a very neat and cheerful appearance, the decora tions refJ-cting credit on-the Misses Mansfield and Whelan, and Mrs Donlrin. The ever greens, etc., were obtained from the Convent, from Mr Raddenberry, of the Botanical Gar dens, and Mr P. R. Lees. Mass is to bo cele brated at 8 a.m. and 11 a.m., by the Ven. Archdeacon Klattery, D.D.; at eleven o'clock ti e choir will reuder Haydn's No. 4 Mass. The Archdeacon, assisted by Father Finn, will . officiate at Vespers, when 44 Comfort ye my i people," from the "Messiah," will be ren-1 dered. Monday night's decorations of tlie Wcaleyaij i Church, Vami street , ! tliere on tin ouea-inn of the » hrktmas ('horul fi vice, will remain lo-iiay. As we noticed in our yester day's issue, very m eat taste lias been exhibited in the ele ant ami yet simple wreaths and festoons, which so brilliantly add to the ap pearance of tlie iuterior of t e church. Over the arch where the organ rests is tho inscrip tion-" Uiito us a child is born, unto us a son is given." The Kev. Mr Millard will conduct the service this morning. At faints Peter and Paul's l'oman Catholic Church, Ashby,' there is a slight attempt to relieve the dreary appearancc of the stone walls, this being the first time that the church has been decorated on a Christinas Day. Tho .Misses Clarke, Alolomby, and Treacey have made the most of the boughs and evergreens at their disposal by surmounting the centre or high altar, tho front gas jets, and the pillars on each side. Mass wi 1 be celebrated by the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery at 0.30 a.m., and Father M'Ketma will officiate at benediction at 7 p.m. All Saints' .Episcopal Churcli, at Newtown, looks charming. Colored letters, forming the following inscription, lisive been gummed to the wall above the communion table:-"Glory to God in the hight-st and on earth peace, good will toward men." Itohind the table, the wall has been prettily decorated, and in the centra of the chancel wall there is a handsome cross made of evergreens and flowers. The pulpit and reading desk are festooned "svith foliage wreaths, while over the tiansept wiudows are the following text# in colored letters:-"'The Lord is in His holy temple; let all the earth keep silence before Him ; " and, *' This is the day which the Lord hath made, we will rejoice and be glad in it." The remaining wiudows and doors are w»eathed with foliage, and sacred emblems are hung beneath each corbel The iinials of the benches are adorned with green sprigs and variegated leaves, and the front has been hand somely decorated by Miss Jeffery. the other artistic work being executed by the ladies of the congregation. Service will be held in the morniug at eleven o'clock, awl in the evening at seven o'clock, by the Kev. J. C. Love. The chuir will render the usual Christmas hymns. At St. Paul's Episcopalian Church, Ashby, the ladies of the congregation have been very busy, and their handiwork in the way of decorat^o s will be appreciated by the congre gation this morning. The pulpit and reading desk have been wreathed wiih flowers and evergreens. Over each entrance door is the text, "God with us" in an Oxford frame, t he chancel, too, has been prettily adorned. Services will be conducted at 8 a.m. and 11 a.m. by the Uev. Mr ' haluiers, but there will not be any evening service. Special hymns for Christmas will be sung by the choir. 