HOME AND FOREIGN. ENGLAND. CARDINAL MANNING ON THE LATE AND THE PRESENT POPE. On Monday afternoon nearby 2(30 of the Eoman Catholic clergy of the Archdiocese of Westminster, headed hy the Rev. Dr. Weathers, Bishop of Amycla, assembled at the Pro-Cathedral. Kensington, for the purpose of congratulating his Eminence Cardinal Manning on his return from Rome. The Very Rev. Provost Hunt presented an address to the Cardinal Archbishop. Cardinal Manning, who was visibly moved, having accepted the address, read the following reply : — ' My Lord, Reverend and dear Fathers, — I thank you from my heart for the happiness of sharing with you in an act of thanksgiving at this our first meeting after a long ab sence. We, and I above all, have cause to tnanic tlie good providence of God, who both watches over us one hy one, in health and sickness, and guides and guards His Church in every moment of its vicissitudes and perils. I thank you also for the many prayers which you made for me in November last ; and I thank God that through your prayers I am once more able to labour with you and for you in our Master's service. The words of filial love and reverence which you have used towards our Holy Father Pius IX. lead me to dwell upon his memory. In November last he sent to me in Paris a permission to return to England. But private letters From those tho were nearest to him told me too surely that his strength was visibly declining. They urged me to come on to Rome as soon as I was able to travel. I arrived there on Saturday, the 22nd of December, and the nextmorning I saw the Holy Father. He was in his bed, which he never left again. Nevertheless, his intelligence and ' his memory were as clear and vivid as ever. His countenance was unchanged, his eye was bright, and his whole expression was benign and majestic as in past years. But weakness was visible both in his movements and in his voice. From that moment I had no doubt that the end could not be far off; and though afterwards, day by day, the weakness seemed to be less rather than the strength to be greater, I could not cease to fear. You will forgive me, reverend and dear fathers, if I seem to imply too much that is personal to myself in what I add. I say it now because it is the first, and will, perhaps, be the last time I may ever so speak. In the last five and twenty years I . had the happiness, and, as I account it, the blessing of being admitted by Pius IX. to un intimacy which had no cause but his paternal kindness. When twenty-five years ago I went to Rome to begin life once more, it was by his command that I remained there for three years. During that time he used to admit me with great' frequency to speak withhim. Every step I then took was taken by his sanction, and to him and to his guid ance I owe the chief decisions and acts of my later life. He permitted to me a freedom of speech, and he used towards me an openness, which, made the relation in which he allowed me to stand to him intimate and filial in no common measure. Events, both private and public, continually increased the closeness of this relation. Many, and those great, events through a quarter of a century added to it. Never at any time, such was his undeserved goodness, ' had I tho sorrow of hearing from him a word of disapproval ; nor did any cause of displeasure ever lessen or overcast his paternal affection. During those long years, while his health and vigour of life still lasted, I had sometimes the privilege, and sometimes the duty, of speak ing with him on matters of great anxiety. But in the last fhre weeks of his protracted life no subjects of such a kind ever passed. 1 had the happiness of sitting by the side of his sick bed to console his last days. No subject of his manifold and great anxieties was ever spoken of ; no business, however slight, was CArer introduced. I felt that the sick bed of Pius IX. was sacred ; that all affairs and interests of his great office belonged to those whose direct responsibility it was to treat them ; that I had the happiness of conversing with him only on such thoughts and things as were consoling and cheerful, and free from all anxious thought. More than once in those five weeks I was able, as I hope, to bring before him some momentary solace ; and I thank God that my lot was so ordered that I stood beside the Pontiff whom we have so revered and loved in the last days and in the last moments of his great and glorious life. You will share with me in this joy ; for I was there, not only in my own person, but in your behalf, and bjr me you all had a part in any consolation I could offer to the closing hours of our common Father. And now that his Pontificate is closed, and that we can look back upon it as a whole, we may range Pius IX., with St. Leo I., St. Gregory I., St. Leo III., Innocent III., and Si:, Gregory VII. We can now measure in some degree the Pontificate and the Pontiff. It was the will of God that the revolutions of the last eighty years should fall in their last and fullest power upon him, and should for a time submerge his civil sovereign ty. But while this was accomplishing Pius IX. drew the Catholics of the world, so as no Pontiff yet has ever done, around the See of Peter. Never in the history of the Church has its unity been so widespread, so compact, so powerful. This appears to me to be the special work of Pius IX. He restored the unity of the Episco pate and renewed the fidelity of the laity. No Pontiff to whom his great gifts were wanting could have done this work. The estimate I have formed in these many years of Pius IX. is the direct reverse of the caricature his adversaries drew of him. His intellect was clear and powerful. Two of the best judges of man have told me that the most vigorous intelligence they knew in Rome was Pius IX. 's. His will was, like that of all wise men, obedient to reason ; but, when once decided, inflexible. His faith lifted him into an elevation in which his office was always before him in all its amplitude. There was nothing narrow or small or little in all his nature and in all his actions. His charity was profuse, minute, and considerable in a singular degree. Much playful satire of those who had betrayed or wronged him we have heard from his lips, but never a harsh or a vindictive word. His spirit of prayer showed to him all things and all men m the light of God's presence. I never saw this more vividly than in the words on the day after lung Victor Emmanuel died. He was generous, forgiving, hopeful, and indifferent to all earthly vicissitudes. The tenderness of his charit}' and the gentleness of his bearing to the multitudes who beyond all number flocked around him impressed them with the love of a pastor and of a pontiff. The calm and natural majesty of his presence inspired all men, princes and statesmen, with the venera tion due to the first sovereign of the world. What he was as a father and a friend will never be forgotten, but cannot be put in words. But I will now turn to other parts of your address, and to the thoughts which, it contains as to the future. Six years ago, a cynical unbeliever, rejoicing in the apparent completeness of the world-wide conspiracy against the Church, said, — ' If the Roman Church escapes this time, I will believe it to be Divine.' At that day the Church Avas assailed everywhere, and the civil Powers were everywhere confident in their strength. Six years are past, and now at this time every CiauI Power in Europe is shaken, and in the midst of wars and rumours of wars, the Church calmly and surely passes through one of the most perilous moments of its existence. The Church had lost its visible head, and its enemies hoped for its disorder and disarray. In twelve days its head Avas seen once more, seated on his throne, in all the fulness of his divine prerogatives, ruling as before, OArcrtho joyful obedience of the whole Catholic AArorld ; even oui* adversaries being Avitness. The unity and authority of .the Church, the sovereignty of the Holy See, were seldom, if ever, more luminously mani fested than in the election of Leo XIII., and in the Avorld-Avide acclamation which, responded to the first announcement of his name. This unity of heart and will, as avcII as of faith and obedience, has silenced all gainsayers. When the Conclave met the world had gathered itself up for an advance along the whole line against the Holy See. Its Avise men, its critics, and its prophets were all in expectation. Before sunset on the second day the Catholics of all nations Avere doing homage to Leo XIII. The Avorld fell into silence. So great a moral power exists nowhere on earth, but only in the Church of God. It is not to be taken in tho snare, neither this time nor any other. And this work of God is an emphatic rebuke to all who are fearful or fainted- hearfced. Many Avcre afraid that when our great Pontiff of blessed memory, Pius IX., should be taken to his rest though the See of Peter might be filled again, yet no successor could take up and wield his vast influence upon the Church. And yet in a moment God sets upon the Apostolic Throne, a Pontiff formed to his office from his youth, and trained in every stage of life by manifold gifts and varied experience not only to fill the place, but to perpetuate the action of Pius IX. upon the nations of the world. In 1800 years there has never been Avanting a man prepared in secret by God to rise up to the full elevation of the Primacy of Peter. And the election of the Holy Ghost reveals him in due season to the Church j when the appointed hour is come. Such is Leo XIII. It AA'ill be a consolation to you to know that on many, a,nd those most marked, occasions our Hoby Father manifested to mo his deep interest and paternal care not only for the Church in England, but for England itself, and for our English race. The successor of St. Gregory the Great, and of Pius IX., bears to us the same pastoral and paternal heart. We may Avell then unite in thanksgiving for the election and intercession for the long life of the Sove reign Pontiff. And I, too, will thank you once more for your expressions of confidence and affection to myself. The true home and rest of a pastoi\is in the heart of his flock, and in his flock, first and above all, in the hearts of his clergy. Would to Cfod that I Avere worthy to say you are 'my joy and my crown in the Lord.' Your Avords and those of the laity, Avho the other day met me on my return, will go abroad wheresoever the Eng lish speech is spread. They fill up all that Avas Avanting to my consolation. Other speeches, as you say, have gone before, but I have neither care nor will to dwell on them. The animosity of those Avho are at Avar AAith the Holy See, and the confidence of brethren are the sign and the countersign of all Avho Avalk in the way of truth. Siadhuc hominibus placerem Christi servus non essem. The world never slanders its oavu servants, and those whom the Avorld honours AArould never have your confidence. Your words will root where they fall. Levities and fictions have no vitality. I pray God, reverend and dear Fathers, that in the years that may be granted to me, and many they cannot be, I may neArer lose the affection you have CArer sIioavu to me ; and that you may never have cause to regret the testimony of your sympathy and attachment which, you have now given.' At the conclusion of the reply a solemn To Dcum was sung by the Bishop of Amycla and the attendant clergy. 