Mungarr [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.! I Politics, my dear Sir, are the order of the day. A numerously signed requisition has been forwarded to our late member, Mr. Bai ey, thanking him for serving us bo faith fully- during the past five years and asking him to allow himself to be nominated to serve {n fhanarf Pofliam tit T- ... : 1 ? ? us iu uic uwav Lib. lllu Dllliej 18 Tory popular in this locality, an J we think that gentleman deserves something more sub-tan ial than mere thanks. I Bee by a late telegram a northern member has been presented with an address and a pn se containing 560 sovereigns ; that beats Wic'* B*y. For our second member, we had hopes tuat Mr. J. Dowzer would have been prevailed upon to stand. Mr. Booker is respected as a private individual, but we are afraid to trost our fate in hiB hands. No fol lower of ' tbe Douglas' will stand the ghost of a chance te represent Wide Bay, Y#u fcav« only to mention the name of the Douglas Ministry to hear curses loud and deep from nearly everyone who has had or have any stake in the - ountry. You find one or more of the former in nearly every gang *.f men you meet working on our roads *? broken down farm ere,' men who, in many instances, were attracted to Queensland in '68 and a few succeeding years, from New Zealand and the uonthe-n colonies : men with money and experience, who heard of our liberal land laws and the inducement held out to sugar-growers, and the assuranc of an abundant supply of suitable cheap labor, and for a few years all went wel1, and hundr ds of happy families settled by 'the side of our beau tiful river. Now let Douglas send one of h s agents by boat np he river ; the cost can be defrayed from the Polynesian Suspense Fund ; let him report on the number of deserted farms, and ascer ain the cause, and he will tra-e all this ruin to the miserable tinkering with our laws by the self elec ed ' liberal party,' whose chief Aim appears to be to harrass and em barrass the agriculturist. Ev- iy one of these deserted farms used to support a family, and one or two farm laborers ol our own race, and half a dozen or so Polynesians Since Douglas has sought to convert these sturdy yeomen into mere overseers on their own freeholds they bucked at it, and as their Polynesian laborers' time expire they fail to fill their placesVjth others, and as they ' cannot compete with Government in the labor market for white laborers, th ir farms go to ruin ; they have to abandon their little holdings, and in many instances have to look to the Government that ruined them for bread The present patched up Polynesian Laborers Act should be abolished. Of what use is a servant on a farm if you can not compel him by law to make himself generally useful as the law now stands, a Polynesian can do just what f he may choose, and just as little ' as he pleases ; you cannot now compel him to cook his own dinner during working hours, and things have come to a pretty pass when the Douglas' supporters have been heard to say they would rather see all our beautiful sugar plantations and farms one vast wallaby run than see one of these poor ' ignorant savages cultivating them for us. Our little world is out of joint, and all our business people have had a touch of *' ricketts.' Our railway .works have attracted a host of strangers, and amongst them there came, about three months ago, a large, silent man. with any amount of re ferences as a oracfc— pneHlnver and bridge builder extraordinary. His silence passed for wisdom ; that, and his very ample proportions, procured him a good billet. His garrulous, over-dressed wife was a good help-mate, and they worked the oracle between them. They gained the confidence of intended victims ; were very punctual in their payments for five or six weeks, watching their opportunity in the meantime. They cleared out last pay day. taking with them about £100 in money and goods. They left Mungarr on Monday night in a spring cart, and where followed to Mary borough early on Tuesday morning by a lot of creditors, who were disgusted to learn the only person who could issue a writ for their deten tiou was the Police Magistrate, and he away in Biisbane. So our noble tricksters got away by steamer there and then scott free. 