REVIEW. “ Fashion, Then and Now.” By Lord WILLIAM PITT LENNOX. If any one has a taste for pleasant twaddle, well favoured with aristocratic, names and anecdotes, they can be abundantly gratified by Lord William Lennox’s two volumes “ Fashion, Then and Now,” is exactly the book we might expect from an old lord who had been born in the last century, who had seen all varieties of life in the Blues, is A.D.C. to the Duke of Wel- lington, and member of Parliament. He does not give us an impression of any intellectual ability, his views of things in general have a decided Brummell-like tendency, but still the rambling chapters are entertain- ing, and leave us with a good impression of the state of society fifty years ago in the “ good old times” which were really less moral than our own. One striking difference one notices between the enter- tainments of the present and past is in the amount of refreshments provided. Now, if a few friends are asked to a dance, it is necessary to have an expensive supper, which makes it impossible for any but the very rich to invite their friends even once in a season. Then, even at the fashionable “Almack’s,” the only refreshments allowed were “tepid lemonade, weak tea, tasteless oreat, stale cakes, and thin slices of bread and butter.” Con- sequently, assemblies of all kinds were much more fre- quent, and the whole system of entertaining was much more amusing because less costly. Now, show is the object ; then, it was pleasure. The following description of a ball at Almack’s will prove an instance of this :— “ These balls were the most récherché and exclusive gatherings ever known. What hopes, fears, anxieties, angry feelings, jealousies, envies, were excited by the simple question ‘ Are you going to Almack’s ?” Often was it fruitful of that familiar product — white lies. ‘ We have not asked for tickets,’ was the usual reply. Sometimes it raised an anathema against the caprice and partiality of those high mightinesses, the ladies patronesses, Almack’s ! What humiliation quite the idea that the ‘ open sesame’ was too often confined to heirs apparent or presumptive rich second sons, influential and political friends, and to an aristocratic class of who toadied the petticoaterie in power, or had some peculiar influence to bear upon them,—while fresh young beauties from the provinces, and a certain number of younger sons, were excluded as not being ‘ comme il faut,’ or being fast ! How frequently has the second son, when the death of his brother had placed him at the head of the family, been discovered to possess virtues which only a few months before had been denied him ! Almack’s was a matrimonial bazaar, where mothers met to carry on affairs of state ; and often has the table, spread to with tepid lemonade, weak tea, tasteless orgeat, stale cakes and thin slices of bread and butter the only refreshment allowed — been the scene of tender proposals. How often has Colinet’s flageo- let stifled the soft response, ‘ Ask Mamma !’ How often have the guardian abigails in the cloak-room heard a whispered sigh, followed by what vulgarians term ‘ popping the question,’ and a faint reply of ‘ Yes !’ “ Almack’s was then in its palmy days. If a foreigner rushed to see London’s best sights, he was shown Ascot races on the Cup day, the drive in Hyde Park, and Al- mack’s ball. At the upper end of the room, on a raised seat or throne, sat the all powerful patronesses.” “ So strict were the laws at Almack’s that no one could be admitted after half past 11. On one occasion the late Duke of Wellington was refused admittance, but, through the interference of one of the ladies patronesses, the rule for the evening was waived, and the ‘ Iron Duke’ was per- mitted to enter the doors that had been closed on others. An artful dodge was practised one evening, by a noble lord who, owing to an accident to his cabriolet (at that time the fashionable carriage), was late. Knowing full well that the laws laid down by the autocrat patronesses were like those of the Medes and Persians, not to be broken, and that neither bribe nor threat would have any effect with the doorkeeper, he adopted the following plan. Instead of making any attempt to enter, his lordship waited patiently in the street until the earliest party departed, and rushing up to the carriage, pretended to wish the occupants of it good night ; then following the gentleman who had escorted the ladies to the carriage, he passed into the hall, his companion saying he had been out to see some ladies to their carriage. After a time, in consequence of the capricious conduct of some of the ladies patronesses, the balls fell into disrepute, and ceased to exist. Dances and dancing have undergone great changes ; what the ‘ coranto ’was that Claud Duval, the Prince of Highway- men, made the ‘ beautiful lady’ execute on the open heath as a ransom, I know not but some few are left who have witnessed the stately minuet, the romping country dance, the joyous Scotch reel, the exhilarating Irish jig, as the staple dances of the ballroom. “ At the conclusion of the war against France in 1815, quadrilles were introduced, and were shortly afterwards fol- lowed by the waltz, much to the horror of prudish dow- agers and antiquated spinsters of rigid morality. When first imported into the fashionable salon of Grosvenor- square, Mayfair, and Piccadilly, the quadrilles was danced with due effect, the pas de Zephyr facing the most graceful step ; now it is walked or shuffled through, and any one attempting to display his or her Terpsichorean powers would be pronounced as countrified or vulgar.” The daily life of London fashionables was far less racketing than at present. “ The pursuits which the world of fashion follow in the present day are widely different from those our grandfathers and grandmothers were wont to witness, and the march or rather full gallop of intellect has produced wondrous changes. The old, quiet, respectable, dull, slow, humdrum routine has given way to the fast railway pace, and those that do not go abroad are considered ‘ regular muffs.’ In bygone times, no young lady could be seen abroad except under the surveillance of a rigid chaperon in the person of a mother or a maiden aunt. Hansom cabs were not in pros- pective existence, and had they existed, no well-bred mar- ried or single woman would have entered them. There were few female equestrians, or, as the late Charles Mat- thews called them, ‘ shequestrians,’ to be met with in the parks. An early breakfast, followed by a walk in the square or Kensington Gardens, attended by a maid ; an hour’s practice on the pianoforte, a dancing, or drawing les- son, occupied the time until the ghost of a luncheon — cake and home-made wine — was announced. Then a drive in the heavy family coach in Hyde Park, between Apsley House and what is now the Marble Arch, constituted the afternoon’s amusement. Five o’clock tea was unknown ; and at six or half-past six at latest, and that only in ultra- fashionable houses, dinner was on the table — a plain sub- stantial meal, as unlike the spicial feasts of the present day as the flickering flame of a farthing rushlight is to the brilliancy of the new electric light, as the old flint and steel fowling-piece is to the modern breech-loader, as the Hampton Court holiday van is to the Queen’s state carriage, or any other comparison that may sug- gest itself to my readers. An occasional visit to a private box at Covent Garden or Drury Lane (for there were no stalls, and the public boxes were deemed only fit for the plebeians), or an evening at the King’s Theatre, where la creme de la creme gathered to talk, and receive visits in their boxes, more than to enjoy the strains of a Catalani, Grassini, or Naldi. “ With the exception of a children’s or young persons’ party to Astley’s or Sadlers Wells, no other minor theatre was ever attended by the female aristocracy. The balls generally commenced at 10 o’clock, seldom lasting later than 1, lemonade, orgeat, white wine and port negus, tea, cakes, and the smallest thinnest sandwiches, were all the refresh- ment the tired dancers had to invigorate them after a long tedious country dance, or graceful minuet. What a con- trast does this form to the treadmill drudgery, called pleasure, of the present London season ? Let me give it in the form of a fast young lady’s diary :— Called at 10. Read the Morning Post ; breakfast, tea, toast, and a grilled bone in bed or dressing-room. 12—horses at the door—a ride in Rotten Row until half-past 1, when as horsy cousin Frank, ‘ said all heads were turned to the manger, Anglican luncheon. Luncheon at two first-rate Badminton and champagne cup well iced. An hour or two at Prince’s, four till seven a drive in the Park. Dinner half-past eight, ball at twelve, sitting down supper, Soup, &c.;, champagne ad libitum. Cotillon at half-past three, home at four." A good deal is said about dress and various exaggera- tions which, after all, are much the same as in the present day, though the particular form may have changed. Then, hoops were in vogue and authors complained that “ a vivacious damsel cannot turn her- self round a little inconsiderately without upsetting everything, like a whirlwind,” and that the utmost skill and management were required to produce one of these circles within the limits of a chair. Now the difficulty is to sit down at all ; and, as to turning round inconsiderately, no well-dressed young lady would attempt such a thing ! Fortunately, however, in these days races, brocades, and all fripperies are confined to the female sex, and men no longer indulge in vanities such as this :— “ A young gentleman, guilty of a similar act of indiscre- tion, aged fifteen years, was advertised in August, 1681, who wore ‘ straight long brownish hair, a suit of sand-coloured cloth, lined with flowered, silk, the ground buff colour, with peach colour and green flowers, and a waistcoat of the same silk ; a pair of silk stockings of the same colour of the cloth, and a red-coloured cloth cap turned up with tables and faced down the seams with gold braid.” Housekeepers in Australia will be able to appreciate the changes here described :— “ Domestic servants are no longer what they were in by- gone days. The class of valued and valuable domestics, who came into service in youth, and did their best to remain in it until their dotage, is now, unhappily, nearly extinct. The idea of parting from a master or mistress never entered their heads ; they clung like ivy to the oak, or to avoid a simile from the parasitical plant — like limpets to a rock. The modern notion of ‘ bettering themselves’ was unknown. Butlers, like old port wine, were considered to improve by age ; housekeepers lived and died under the rooftree ; house- maids passed from their girlhood to a ripe age in the same service ; dairy, laundry, nurse, and still-room maids were fixtures. “ Footmen were not what might be aptly termed ‘ run- ning footmen,’ striving eagerly after new places ; nor were they hired by measure at five pounds five per foot per annum. Gardeners were allowed to go to seed in one family ; coachmen never gave up the reins until they had nearly arrived at the last stage of existence ; huntsmen continued until they themselves were run to earth ; grooms were perfect centaurs, forming part and parcel of their horses through life ; gamekeepers seldom, if ever, changed their beat ; and bailiffs and stewards seemed indigenous to the soil, nor did any of the above-house-servants consider it beneath their dignity to make themselves generally useful ; and an answer ‘ It’s not my place to do such and such a thing’ would have produced intensive domestic war.” But, if they have some ills to bear, they are exempt from others which pressed heavily on our fathers. What would the denizens in a free country say to this system of taxation ? “ With regard to our imports, it was once remarked by a foreigner that in England the people were taxed in the morn- ing for the soap that washed their hands ; at nine for the coffee, the tea, and the sugar they use for their breakfast ; at noon for the starch that powders their hair ; at dinner for the salt that flavours their meat ; in the evening for the porter that cheers their spirits ; all day long for the light that enters their windows ; and at night for the candles that light them to bed. Happily the iniquitous tax on the light of Heaven—the window tax—is abolished, for that was felt not alone by the humbler classes as a tax on their pockets, but as the cause of much illness, by excluding air and light from their dwellings.” Almost the whole of the second volume is occupied with details of the debut and retirement of actors and actresses whose day is now past, and who belong to the youthful memories of our parents. Of course, as such they are represented as infinitely superior to those flourishing at present, though how much “ distance lends enchantment,” is a question not easily decided. Lord William Lennox seems to have been a great lover of theatres and acting in general, and devotes many chap- ters to the description of charades and amateur theatricals in fashionable circles. He gives many suggestions which would be useful to those addicted to that sort of amusement, and provides lists of serious and comic plays suitable for representation on various occasions. He goes into raptures over some aristocratic actresses, who “ could have excelled the salaried prima- donnas at regular theatres,” and mentions especially Lady Sebright, whose father-in-law was more widely known as a rearer of bantam fowls. Mrs. Wrottesley is another lady who, from the extensive list of her principal characters, seems to have devoted much time to the drama, and receives the most extravagant encomiums from Lord William. Perhaps the most interesting parts of these volumes are those treating of various sports, especially hunting and fishing. When writing on these subjects the old lord leaves his garrulous society style, and speaks like a sensible man. It would be impossible to follow the accounts of lion, leopard, elephant, hare hunting, &c.;, but the remarks on the ages attained by different animals, are worthy of note. “ A bear rarely exceeds twenty years, a dog lives twenty years ; a wolf twenty ; a fox fourteen or sixteen ; lions are long-lived, one named Pompey lived to the age of seventy. The average of cats is fourteen years ; a squirrel and hare seven or eight years ; rabbits seven. Elephants have been known to live to the great age of four hundred years. When Alexander the Great had conquered one Porus, King of India, he took a great elephant which had fought very valiantly for the king, named him Ajax, and dedicated him to the sun, and let him go with this inscription, ‘ Alexander, the son of Jupiter, had dedicated Ajax to the sun.’ This elephant was found 354 years after. Pigs have been known to live to the age of thirty years : the rhinoceros to twenty A horse has been known to live to the age of sixty-two, but averages twenty to twenty-five. Camels sometimes live to the age of one hundred. Stags are long- lived, sheep seldom exceed the age of ten, cows live about fifteen years ; Cuvier considers it probable that whales sometimes live to the age of one thousand. The dolphin and porpoise attain the age of thirty. An eagle died at Vienna at the age of one hundred and four years. Ravens have frequently reached the age of one hundred, swans have been known to live three hundred years ; Mr. Mallerton has the skeleton of a swan that attained the age of two hundred and ninety years. Pelicans are long lived. A tortoise has been known to live to the age of one hundred and seven.” Another fact relative to the proportion of fish in the sea, is not generally known. “ We observe likewise, in the profusion of the sea, a pre- caution which enhances the value of her gifts, and proves an additional blessing. Such fish as are wholesome food and agreeable to the taste are exceedingly prolific, while those, on the other hand, whose flesh is unpalatable and whose monstrous size renders them formidable to others, are not nearly so generative.” “ I may mention one characteristic which reigns through all the species of fish. The mussel opens her shell, and when a small unwary crab presumes to creep in, she clasps them together in an instant, and secures her prey .The oyster adopts the same measure to ensure such little fish as are not on their guard. Yhe sole, as well as most other flat fish, lies concealed, and observes with the utmost circumspection where large fish lodge their spawn, and springing instantaneously from his ambuscade, regales her- self with this delicious food, which pampers her appetite, and gives her an exquisite flavour. The small soles, in their turn, are equally an epicurean collation to the large crabs. By this an idea of the other species may be formed. All the several classes of living creatures that breed in the water, from the largest to the least, are constantly in action, and at war with each other. It is one continued series of artifices, flights, evasion, and open violence. They pillage and devour one another without the slightest remorse or moderation.” The description of cod fishing on the coast of New- foundland gives a good idea of its effectiveness as a profession, and pleasantness a pastime when indulged in after a cruise in one of H. M. ships. Some notion of the abundance of fish that swarm on the shores may be gained from the fact, that though each fisher can take but one at a time, the most expert will catch from 300 to 400 in a day. This must be considerably more enter- taining than fishing in Sydney Harbour, where one catch an hour is often the utmost that can be hoped for. Herring fishing, on the contrary, is carried on by means of nets, and a full account of the process of hauling-in and salting is given. What this has to do with “ Fashion, Now and Then,” it is difficult to see, but all the same we find it more instructive than the less prosaic parts of the book. “ I now approach the herring, whose most constant abode is in the seas between the north of Scotland, Norway, and Denmark, from whence they make annual excursions through the British Channel as far as the coast of Nor- mandy. The best times of fishing on the coast of Norfolk and Suffolk are from the middle of September until the middle of October. The nets used are about five yards deep and twenty-five long ; occasionally they fasten as many together as will take a mile in compass. The fisher- men judge whereabouts the herrings lie by the hovering and motion of the seabirds, which continually pursue them in the expectation of prey ; and as soon as any boat has got its load it makes to the shore, where the fish are delivered to the men who are to wash and salt them. Herrings are divided into six different sorts — the fat herring, which is the largest of all ; the meat herring, which is also of good size ; the night herring, which is of middling weight ; the pluck, which has received some damage by the nets ; the shotten herring, which has lost its spawn ; and the capshen, which by some accident or other has been deprived of its head. All these various sorts are put into a tub with salt or brine, where they remain for four-and-twenty hours. Such as are intended for drying are taken out and put into wicker baskets and washed ; after this they are perforated with wooden spits and hung up in a chimney built for the purpose, at such distances that the smoke may have free access to them all. When they have filled these places, which will hold ten or twelve thousand, they kindle billets of wood, which are laid on the floor to dry them ; this done, the air is entirely excluded, and immediately the place is filled with smoke. This is repeated every quarter of an hour, inasmuch as a single last of herrings requires a considerable quantity of wood to dry them. A last is ten barrels, each containing nearly a thousand. These thus prepared are called red herrings or bloaters. The pickled are best done by the Dutch, who, the moment they are taken out of the sea, wash and place them in salt water for fifteen hours ; they are then taken out, well drained, and put in regular order in barrels with layers of salt, every care being taken to exclude the air. Herrings always swim in shoals delighting to be near the shore. It was a question, formerly, whether herrings fed upon anything besides water, but Leuwenkoeck has made it evident that they come every year in pursuit of worms and small fish, which at the time of their arrival abound in the Channel ; when they have cleared the northern seas of their stock of provisions, they travel southward in search of a fresh supply.” Altogether, if one feels in a desultory humour and inclined to read a chapter and snooze awhile, Lord William Lennox’s book will be exactly suitable. Small talking is useful and pleasant in society sometimes, and the same kind of thing has its place in the world of books ; but it does not do to take too much of it at a time, and to expect to find one self extremely benefited thereby. AUSTRALIE. 