TASMANIAN TURF CLUB RACES. [FROM OUR OWN REPORTER.] The annual race gathering of the North is now a thing of the past, and on looking back the stewards of the Tasmanian Turf Club have every reason to be satisfied with the meets of 1878. Not only in respect of the class of horses, but in the number of states for each event, is the club to be congratulated. Nearly every event was well contested. The Cup-tie Handicap-and the Steeplechase were magnificent races, and to Mr. Bond, the handicapper for the North, must be attributed the success of these events. He brought the horses together with great judgment, and proved himself in this, as on other occasions, a master of his art. The attendance on Friday and Saturday was fully equal to the first day, the charge to the course having been reduced to one shilling. There was not much difference of opinion on the action of the committee in exacting two shillings from persons attending the course on the cup-day. It is always desirable to encourage the million to take an interest in the racing, and all the extra shillings the club collected were just so much out of the pockets of the occupiers of the booths and refreshment stalls. There can be no doubt that the tradespeople of Launceston were very much benefited by the attendance of the hundreds of visitors who went to attend the races, therefore, they should contribute their miles to the funds of the Tasmanian Turf Club for if racing is to go ahead in the North, the people must support those gentlemen who give their time and energy to supply this national sport. By a little judicious management, if properly represented, it would be proved that subscriptions would be readily obtained from one and all, provided, of course, the committee were satisfied with the smallest donations. We do not think the committee was warranted in altering " the charges for admission, more especially after the booths had been sold and if the younger members will be guided, in matters of finance, by the experience of the elder members, they will not make any difference in future. Such interference will probably affect the sale of the booths, from which a large revenue is derived. Therefore, in dealing with this important matter, there are a great many other interests to be considered besides levying an extra shilling on those who will not subscribe to the funds. We trust, however, that more generous support of the local people will next year, enable the committee to be more liberal. The cups offered by the club were exhibited in front of the Grand Stand each day, and were much coveted by the owners of horses, some of whom I prefer the handsome and costly gift to the more marketable sovereigns. There were many complaints about the starting, and it was really irritating to see the number of false starts for each event. The gentleman who officiated in this important position was too anxious to get the horses all together-a most difficult task with youngsters and with jumping racers, where, in fact, a starter is scarcely required. Some of the horses got quite fractious, through so many false starts; in fact, the owner of Fcarnaught attributed the baulking of his horse to being kept too long at the post. A little more attention to the representatives of the Press might be advantageous to the club, as neither books were supplied, nor the customary courtesy of an invitation to luncheon extended to our representative, while the bad taste of making a distinction between the Melbourne and local representatives was a subject of much comment. We think it necessary to point out these errors of judgment, for the stewards must remember that to the Press of this Colony they must look for the success of racing in Tasmania, and not alone to the Press of Victoria. At future meetings they will perhaps bear this in mind. The arrangements generally were carried out well. The clerk of the course, Mr. W. Harris, performed his duty most satisfactorily. Next year it would be advisable to erect a fence round the judge's stand, so that the gentleman who fills the responsible position may be freed from all annoyance by persons crowding round at the finish of a race. This has been found necessary in the South, and will prove a great boon to the judge. His Excellency the Governor and party were present on the three days, but left after the second race on Saturday en route for Hobart Town. Before leaving His Excellency presented a very handsome silver mounted whip to Mr. James Lord, jun., the rider of Fingal in the Ladies' Purse. The recipient expressed the pleasure and gratification he felt at the honour of receiving so valuable a trophy at the hands of His Excellency, and on leaving the course cheers were given for His Excellency. We cannot conclude this report without a word of praise to Mr. Grant, the manager of the Main Line Railway, who was most obliging to all, and kindly detained the special train on Saturday to enable town visitors to return home. We subjoin the two days racing : SECOND DAY FRIDAY, 8TH FEB. Proceedings commenced with the Selling Stakes, three horses weighing out, and Happy Jack was made the favourite. Happy Jack led during the greater part of the journey, but on entering the straight run home he was collared by Butcher Boy, and the latter eventually won rather easily by two lengths. The winner is by Cervus, and was put up for sale after the race, but was bought in for £24. The hurdleracer Actaeon was then put up, and was purchased by Dr. Fitzgerald, of Melbourne, for 90 guineas. Of the thirteen horses coloured on the card for the Miner's Gift, five only sported silk. There was a long delay in starting this event, owing to the wielder of the flag being doubtful about the place of starting. Old Strop was the favourite and fully justified the confidence placed in him, for he won in a walk amidst great excitement, and when his rider weighed in cheer after cheer was given for the old horse, and Mr. Field received the congratulations of his friends. The winner is well known as by the celebrated horse Panic from a Little John mare. He was in excellent fettle, and his condition reflected great credit on his trainer. The three competitors engaged in the Steeplechase all weighed out, and the race between Eversley and Syphon was one of the finest ever seen in Tasmania. The Sydney horse Fearnaught refused to take the first four fences at the first time of asking, and was then pulled up. Eversley and Syphon fenced beautifully throughout, never refusing a hurdle, four fences- being taken by the horses almost at the carne instant. The, race ' Was' eventually won by Eversley, and the excitement was very great, for the horses were Í,O filoso tpgetbpr that it was doubtful which one had won it until the judge gave in his decision, which was Eversley by a short head." There was no official time taken, as the excitement was so great that the judge, who acted as timekeeper, became so excited that he failed to attend to his watch. The winner is the property of Mr. A O'Connor, and the win was an exceedingly popular one. Eversley was bred across the Straits, and is by Snowden and it will be remembered that he was purchased by the Squire of Connorville after the races at Mowbray last year. Eversley was ridden by Tommy Corrigan, now the most popular cross-country rider in the colonies, and the way in which he handled his charge was greatly admired by all present, and justly so, as Corrigan rode magnificently, and was warmly congratulated in the saddling paddock after the race Jellett also acquitted himself creditably, and it may be many a day before Tasmanians again witness such a race between two such accomplished horsemen. Thatobjcctionableitcmin the programme, the Handicap Trot, now came on for decision. We fancy the stewards acted unwisely in inserting this race in the programme, for very little interest was centred in the event, and only three of the nine horses entered saddled up, namely, Shamrock, ROBO of Denmark, and Nancy. Notwithstanding the long start the two first-named hod of Nancy, the latter was made the favourite, and justified the confidence placed in her, for she won the race very easily. The winner was very judiciously ridden by Mr. W. Landale, who exercised good judgment all through the race. Great interest was centred in the race for the Tamar Handicap, notwithstanding the fact that Aldinga and Ada, the first and second horses in the Cup on the previous day, were scratched, their trainers reserving them for the Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap. This, of course, made the race more open than it would have been had those horses started, but Filibuster had the call in the betting. Of the fifteen horses entered eight only sported silk. Confidence, as usual, was very fractious at the post, and caused some delay in starting. The race was a very fine one indeed, for the horses, with the exception of Fitzroy, were in a bunch for a great part of the journey. After passing the stables Confidence throw her rider and bolted. Entering the straight the others were all whipping, and excitement was great, for Filibuster and Postman were running neck and neck together, with Bella, Strop, and Adelaide well up. The race was eventually won by Filibuster, Postman second, Bella third, followed by her stable companion Strop. Then came Adelaide, Gas, and Fitzroy in the order named. Filibuster, the winner, is by Panic from Phillis, and has been a very good performer in Victoria. At two years old he did not run, but when in his third year he started in twelve races, and won seven of them, his principal victories being the Three and Four-year-old Handicap at the V.R.C, Champion Meeting, Eohuon and Town Plate Handicaps, Keilor Stakes, V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, and the Adelaide St. Leger. He has also been a very consistent performer this season, and was the hero of the Bendigo Meeting in December last, for he ^qq the Slanim'irst Cup the first day and the Ifandi cap on the second. For winning the Taqjar Handicap Filibuster will not have to carry the special penalty in the Cup at Elwick, for of the 100 sovs, the second horse takes 10 sovs. He is engaged in the Tasmanian Cup at 7st. 10lb., and the Alexandra Plate at 7st. 10lb. Five of the six horses entered for the Hurdle Race faced the starter, and thinking that Fearnaught might go straight on this occasion, he had a few supporters, but he entirely disgusted his friends, for he again refused to jump, and was never in the race at any point, and came in last. Fingal, J. F., and Temperance, took all the hurdles in fine style, and the former won a fine race from J. F. The win was a very popular one indeed, and the horse was cheered on weighing in everyone being glad to see the colours of the Squire of Quorn Hall to the fore. Fingal is a fine upstand- ing horse ; he was bred in Victoria, where no was purchased dirt cheap about fifteen months ago. He u by the well-known mare Lady Kirk, from Venus, and consequently he is related to (boat distinguished horses Haricot and Tom Kirk, for Lady Kirk is the sire of both these horses. Mr. Clarke has a very fine horse in Fingal, and if properly taken care of we are convinced that he will earn fresh laurels next season. We believe the horse has only been in training about six weeks, and, considering this, the manner in which Arthur Harvey brought his charge to the post reflected great credit" indeed on that painstaking trainer, and being a great favourite with all who are acquainted with him, he was warmly congratulated in the saddling paddock, and this in a great measure made amends for his bad luck on the previous day. The following is a detailed account of the running ; SELLING STAKES, Of 25sovs. Weights same as Maiden Plate. If entered to be sold for £50, to carry weight for age; but it entered to be sold for £40, allowed 7lb.; for £30, allowed 10lb.; £20, allowed 14lb. Distance,limites. The winner to be sold by auction Immediately after the race, and any surplus over the valued entry to go to the funds. , Mr. Arthur O'Connor's b a Butcher Boy, aged, £20. 8st 5lb . (W. Motton) 1 Mr. Thomas Armstrong's b g Happy Jack, aged, £40, 8s 31 (W. Armstrong) 2 Mr. C. J. L. Smith's blk g Self Reliance, aged, £20, 8st 5lb (W. Prosser) 3 Betting-15 to 10 on Happy Jack. Liberty was scratched. The horses were sent on their journey for this event on even terms. Before going many yards Happy Jack was indulged with a slight lead, but- at the turn Self Reliance and Happy Jack were together, Butcher Boy two lengths away. Passing the stand, Happy Jack slightly led Self Reliance, and rounding the turn and along the back of the course the same positions were maintained. On approaching the turn near the stables, Happy Jack i drew away from Self Reliance," and Butcher Boy here began to improve his position, and, passing Self Reliance, began to overhaul Happy Jack. A very pretty race ensued up the straight, which terminated by Butcher Boy winning by two lengths, Happy Jack second, Self Reliance nowhere. Time, 2min. 52sec. , MINERS' GIFT, A purse of not less than SOsovs., handicap. Distance, 11 miles. Mr. W. Field's b g Strop, aged, 7st 10lb ... (Viney) 1 Mr. M. Griffin's ch g Wombo, aged, 8st 5lb . (F Lynch) '2 Mr. R. Hall's g c Cervus, 3 yrs, 7st (S. Cracknell) 3 Mr. A. Kearney's b m Canezou, 4 yrs, 7st .Í..(Williamson) 0 Messrs. H. R. and J. W. Falkiner's b g Liberty, aged, Get 31b.'..(G Stebbings) 0 Betting Even on Strop. Venus, The Fawn, Happy Jack, Stoic, Confidence, Bella, No Faults, and British Workman were scratched. Considerable delay occurred in the starting of this race, owing to the starter being uncertain about-the starting post. an When the flag was lowered Wombo was the first away, closely followed by Cervus and Strop.- Canezou was fractious, and was left in the rear. At the turn approaching the Newmarket ' Stables, Strop began to improve his position, but at the stables all the competitors were together. Rising the hill oki Strop was taken to the front, and led past the stand, closely followed by Wombo, the others together. At the turn, and along the back of the course no material alteration took place, but at the back of the course, Canezou began to lose ground, dropping to the. rear at every stride. At the stables Strop held a strong lead, Wombo, Cervus, and Liberty in the order named ; Canezou toiling hopelessly in the rear. When the leading horses had entered the straight, there was great excitement, for old Strop was being held, and he eventually won in a common canter ; Wombo second, Cervus third, Liberty fourth, and Canezou' distanced. Time Sims., 37sec. LAUNCESTON STEEPLECHASE, Of IOOBOVS., with 5 Sovs acceptance added Second horse to receive £20 from the stakes. Distance, about 2½ miles over such leaps as the Stewards may determine upon. Mr. A, O'Connor's ch g Eversley, aged, 9st 12lbs .'..'.. (T. Corrigan) 1 Mr. A. F. Kilby's b g Syphon, 6 yrs, 10st 2lb .......'..r..(J.Jellett) 2 Mr. E. Terry's br g Fearnought," aged, 11st 12lb (Owner) 3 Betting 5 to 4 on Syphon, 5 to 4 agst Eversley. This race caused considerable excitement. Eversley led over the first fences, closely followed by Syphon, but Fearnaught baulked, but negotiated the hurdle at the second time of asking. At the fence opposite the stand, Eversley still led, and Syphon next, but Fearnaught again baulked. Syphon led Eversley over the third hurdle by three lengths, Fearnaught again refusing, and he did the same at the fourth hurdle, when he was pulled up. Along the back of the course Eversley and Syphon were running side by side, and took the fifth hurdle together. Eversley led the Victorian horse over the fence opposite the stables, and after this a magnificent rode took place between the pair. The eight!), ninth, and tenth fences were taken by the horses together, and the same positions were maintained at the turn. Along the back of the course Syphon slightly led, but the fence at the stables was taken first by Eversley, and here it was a magnificent race. The last fence was taken by the horses together, and they came up the straight side by side, the Tasmanian horse (Eversley) winning by a head, amidst great excitement. Both horses were loudly cheered in weighing on No official time was taken, THE HANDICAP TROT. For Silver Cup value 25 BO vs., with a sweep of 3 sovs. acceptance added. Distance '4 miles. Weights li stone. Acceptance at scale. Mr. W. H. Bennett's br m Nancy, 60 seconds after scratch. (W. D. Landale) 1 Mr. Thos. Hardman's r g Shamrock, 15 seconds after scratch..;.(Owner) 2 Mr. Wm. Russell's ch m Rose of Denmark, 10 seconds after «cratch.(J.Powell) 0 Betting 3 to 1 on Nancy. Susman, Tilly, Quicksand Butcher Boy, Talk and Bessie were scratched. This race needs very little description. Rose of Denmark broke several times, and pulled up the second time round. Nancy gradually gained on Shamrock, and passed him on approaching the stables the second time round, and won easily by six lengths. Time, 12 min. 3 sec. > TAMAR HANDICAP, Of 100 sovs. second horse 2sovs. from stake. 2 miles. Mr. E. Jellett's br'h Filibuster,' 4 yrs, 8st alb " Mr. M'.Grim'n'sbgP^tiiiiiiirii'i^ifiti«b'(T.Hales) 2 Mr. Wm. Field's br m Bella, 5 yrs, 6st 13lb .(G.SUbbwga) 3 Mr. Wm. Field's b g Strop, aged, 6st 111 (S. Cracknell) 0 Mr. H. Phillips's b m Adelaide, 4 yrs, 8st 4lb J. Lang) 0 Mr. F. Williams's b c Fitzroy, 3 yrs, Oat 4lb (Fraser) 0 Mr. James Paterson's b in Gas 4 yrs, 6st 10lb G. Williams) 0 Mr. Arthur O'Connor's br h Confidence, 4 yrs, oat J. Kilduff!) 0 Betting : 100 to 30 Postman, 10 to 1 Strop, 2 to 1 on the field. Spark, Aldinga, Wild Dayrell, Ada, British Workman, Perth, Store, Rosebud, Alarm, No Faults, and Wombo were scratched. A very good start was effected for this event, but after going a short distance Confidence-who was, by the way, as usual, very fractious at the post was taken to the front, and led the field past the stand, Postman being second, closely followed by Strop and Bella, Fitzroy in the rear. At the turn Confidence still led, Postman, Bella, and Strop together, Filibuster and Adelaide well up. Along the back of the course all the horses, with the exception of Fitzroy, were in a duster, butnearingthe stables Bella held a slight lead, but dropped back again at the stables. On entering the straight Confidence ran against a post, and unseated Kilduff. One hundred yards from the winning post Postman and Filibuster were running neck and neck, and in the end the latter won rather easily by a length and a half, Postman second, Bella third, Strop fourth, Adelaide and Gas side by side, Fitzroy last. Time, 2min. 44SeC. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Of 30 sovs., with 1 so v., acceptance added. Distance about li miles. . Mr. A. Kearney's b g Fingal, aged, 8st 12lbs A. Clark) 1 Mr. Jno. Field's b g J.F., aired, Oat 12lb (including 10lb over (Weaver) 2 Messrs. H. R. and J. W. Falkiner's b Temperance, aged, 9st 2lb (includlngfllb everyone. Corrigan) 3 Mr. E. Terry's br g Fearnaught, aged list 3lb 0 (Owner) '' Mr. E. T. Parker's b g James (late Dernier Kaper- 0 ance) aged, 9st (E. Lynch) 0 Betting ; Even on the field. Action was scratched. Shortly after starting for this event, I.F, rushed to the front, and led over the first hurdle closely followed by Fingal and Temperance. The same positions were maintained over the second obstacle, but Fingal had taken the first place at the third, followed by J.F., Temperance, and Fearnaught, but James baulked. At the fourth hurdle J.F. and Fingal were together, both taking the fences in fine style. The hurdles at the back of the course were taken in the following order I.F., Fingal, Temperance and James, but Fearnaught baulked. At the stables Fingal, J. F., and Temperance were together, but the last fell book again when nearing the hurdle in the straight, and was followed at some distance by James and Fearnaught'. A very exciting race ensued up the straight between Fingal and J.F., but the former had the best of it, for he won with a little in hand. I.F. was second, and Temperance third, Fearnaught the absolute last. Time 1min. 3sec. This terminated the day's proceedings. THIRD DAY-SATURDAY, 9TH FEBRUARY. The real business of the day commenced with the Flying Handicap, for which five of the ten horses nominated faced the starter. Wartook was the favourite and he justified the confidence placed in him, for be won easily by a length. Bonny Blue Eyes got away very badly, and ran last all through the race. The owner of Mcrryinan was fined £1 for being late at the scales, and not being satisfied, refused to start his horse. Warlock, the winner, is a very (fine salt, and is by Kelpie from Countess, he is engaged in the Champagne and Criterion Stakes at Elwick, for both of which races he will, no doubt, start a very hot favourite, Considerable interest was manifested in the race for the Ladies' Purse, and the gentlemen riders were all very wardens to win, so as to become the passing of the gold mounted whip to be Gawler by the ladies d Mr. F. Williams' go Coongoola, 2 yrs, 9st 7lb Launceston. There were twelve horses engaged in the race, but the owners of four declined to contest for the handsome silver cup to be given to the winner,. The field presented a pretty sight at the post, but the start was a bad one. Shortly after being sent on their journey Bill Sykes made the pace very hot for some of his opponents, and led for a long distance, Eversley was in the rear during the greater part of the journey, and passed the winning post last. It was plainly observable that his efforts in the steeplechase had told a terrible tale, and it was too much to ask the gallant chestnut to carry 12st. 10lb. after his severe race the previous day, and his owners would have acted wisely had they put the pen through his name for the Ladies' Cup. When entering the straight Happy Jack run into a post, knocking it out of the ground, and Mr. Kelly, the rider, had his knee cap broken. The unfortunate gentleman was carried to the jockeys' tent, where he was attended by Dr. Fitzgerald, of Melbourne. He was shortly afterwards removed to the stewards' room, and, considering the severe nature of the accident, was very cheerful. The race was won by Fingal amidst great cheering, and the cup will grace the sideboard at Quorn Hall. The win was a very popular one, for it is well known that Mr. T. B. Clarke would much rather win a cup than a good round money prize. The bad luck, therefore, that attended the Quorn Hall string on the first day was amply compensated for in t his win, and we sincerely hope to see another cup or two follow the present one next season. The winner is fully described, in our introductory remarks of the second day's racing. He was ridden in Saturday's race by Mr. James Lord, jun., who handled his charge in his usual artistic style. " Young Jimmy," as he is familiarly called, is one of our best gentlemen jocks. He has excellent judgment, and there is no better judge of pace in Tasmania. When the horse was weighed in he was loudly cheered, and Arthur Kearney was compelled to" shake hands almost with everyone he met in the paddock. No Faults was second in the race, and Mr. Gatenby acquitted himself well in the saddle, his riding being much admired. . Store gained third position, the Melbourne horse, Bill Sykes, getting no nearer than fourth. The whip was presented to-Mr. Lord immediately after the race. The next item on the programme was the Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap, and of the dozen horses coloured on the card, half that number sported- silk. Aldinga had the call in the betting, but Ada had many friends, and the mare was very freely supported. Postman also had his admirers. The start was a very bad one, Strop getting away last, and he had not the ghost of a chance with his opponents, for he was last nearly all through the race. Ada ran very well forward for a mile, but died away at the finish. The race was won by the Cup- winner, Aldinga, with lots in band and Post- man gained second honours, a fate he shared the previous day in the Tamar Handicap) This horse is one of the best hurdle racers in the Australian colonies, but made a name for himself as a flat racer when he won the Free Handicap at Flemington in November last He ran well all through the Launceston meeting, and will catch the judge's eye first, if he starts in some of the minor events at Elwick, as he is not engaged in the Cup or Alexandra Plato. Aldinga was-in magnificent condition, "fit to run for a man's life as the saying is, and Saturday was his day out, for notwithstanding the penalty he carried for his Cup win, he won easily. Perth, a full sister to Melbourne and Adelaide, was fourth, but the mare will win a good stake yet, for she comes from a winning family. Fitzroy performed-" indifferently in fact he has shown bad form all through the meeting. Old Strop was last, and we might say-" Is it not now high time the old horse was pensioned off," and allowed to graze quietly at Enfield? The Mowbray Hurdle Race fell to Capable, who won a most exciting race from I.F. at the finish. Temperance fell and injured Clark, the rider. The Consolation Stakes was won by Bella. The following is a description of the running : ? FLYING HANDICAP. Of 30 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. acceptance added. Distance, 6 furlongs. , Mr. J. Paterson's ch o Warlock, 2 yrs,' 7st 7lb (T. Hales) 1 Mr. M. Griffin's ch g Wombo, aged, 8st 7lb (F. Lynch) 2 yrs. 7 "" (W. Mr Mr. A. O'Connor's b f Rosebud, 3 yrs. 6st 7lb e(G. Williams) of Messrs. H. R. and J. W. Falkiner's br f Bonny \- Blue Eyes, 2yrs, 6st 10th (G. Stebbins) 0 Betting 6 to 4 on Warlock. Canezou, Merryman, Confidence, Bill Sykes, and Josephine were scratched. There was a slight delay at the post for this event, owing to Coongoola being rather fractious, but when the horses were despatched on their journey, Wombo slightly led, but Bonny Blue Eyes getting away badly lost a deal of ground, and was never dangerous any part of the race. At the turn the Coongoola, Wombo, Warlock and Rosebud were running in pairs, but at the stables Warlock run through, and took a slight lead. Turning into the straight Warlock had the race in hand, and won easily by a length. Wombo second, Coongoola third, Rosebud fourth, Bonny Blue Eyes last, Time, 1 min. 20 secs. . LADIES' PURSE. A Silver, Cup, valued at 50 sovs. Welter handicap with 3 sovs. acceptance added; second home to receive £10 from the stakes. The rider of the winner to be presented with a gold mounted whip. To be ridden by amateur riders, members of the Tasmanian Turf Club. Distance, 18 miles. Mr. A. Kearney's b g Fingal, Byra, list 12lb. (Mr. Jas. Lord, jun.) 1 Mr. Wm. Field's b g No Faults, 3 yrs, lOst. a (Mr. Gatenby) 2 Mr. J. C. Greig's g h Stole, aged, 9st 10lb . (Mr. Forster) 3 Mr. A. O'Connor's ch g Eversley, aged, 12st 10lb... .,... (Mr. Landale) 0 Mr. Thos. Armstrong's b g Happy Jack, aged, 11st 12lb. (Mr. Kelly) 0 Messrs. H. R. and J. W. Falkiner's b g Liberty, aged, 11st 10lb ....'.(Mr. H. Falkiner) 0 Mr. E. T. Parker's b g James (late Dernier Esperance aged, 11st 9th (Mr. Parker) 0 Mr. F. Williams' brh BUI Sykes, 4yrs, lOstlOlb " (Mr. William) 0 Betting-2 to 1 on the field ; 3 to 1 bar one. Capable, Action, Confidence, and Guardsmen were scratched. There was a straggling start for this event. Bill Sykes led off, and made the pace very warm for his opponents. At the turn Bill Sykes fed Store by a couple of lengths, Eversley being in the rear. Passing the stand Fingal ran into third place, Bill Sykes and Stone being in advance, the remainder of the field tailing off. At the turn and along the back of the course Eversley was toiling hopelessly in the rear, his heavy impost beginning to tell on him. Approaching the stables Fingal went to the front, followed by Bill Sykes and Store, with No Faults coming well. At the turn for home the race was a very good one, Fingal, Store, No Faults, and Bill Sykes being well together, but Happy Jack run into a post, and broke Mr. Kelly's knee cap. Up the straight it was a splendid race between the leading horses, Fingal eventually winning by three quarters of a length, No Faults second, Store third, Bill Sykes fourth, Liberty, James, and Eversley in the order named. Time, 2min. 54sec. TASMANIAN TURF CLUB HANDICAP, Of 150 sovs., with a sweep of 5 sovs. each acceptance added ; second horse £25 from the stake, third ditto save stake. Distance, 12 miles. The winner of any handicap race of the value of £100 after the declara- tion of the weights to carry 5lb. extra ; two or more such races, 8lb. extra ; the winner of the Launceston Cup to carry 5lb. additional ; if the winner of the Launceston Cup only to carry a penalty of 7lb. Mr. W. E. Dakin's b h Aldinga, 4 yrs, 8st (Including 7lb penalty) G. Kilduff!) 1 MEET Jellett'»brgPostni»n,5yr»,7st3ib (T Hale) 2 Mr.Thn».Elder'itbmAda,tiyrs,ustQlb (S Cracknell) 3 Mr.F.WillIams'bcFitzroy,3yni,0stl21b(A.Fraser) 0 Mr. Wm. Field's be Strop, aged,6«t7lb (G. Stebbing) 0 Mr. F. Long's b f Perth, 3 yrs, Cat... (R. W. Weston) 3 Betting Even on Aldinga ; 5 to 4 against Ada. Filibuster, Adelaide, Bella, Gas, British Work- man, and No Faults were scratched. The start for this event was a very bad one indeed, old Strop being all behind. At the turn Perth led, with Ada, Postman, and Aldinga well up, Fitzroy and Strop behind. Passing the stand Ada was taken to the front, the others in the following order: Perth, Postman, Aldinga, Strop, Fitzroy. At the turn Ada stilled, Aldinga improving his position. At the back of the course Aldinga ran through his horses, and, with Ada, ran side by side to the turn approaching the stables, when he drew away from the South Australian mare. Postman also passed Ada, and the stables was passed by the horses in the following order Aldinga, Postman, Ada, Perth, Fitzroy, Strop. On entering the straight, Aldinga and Postman were side by side, Ada a couple of lengths away, Fitzroy and Strop hopelessly in the rear. The finish was very exciting, but in the end Aldinga won rather easily by a length, Postman second, Ada third, Perth fourth, Fitzroy fifth, old Strop last. Time, 2min, 44sec. MOWBRAY HURDLE, Of CO sow. with 3 sovs. acceptance added. Twice round the course and a distance ; over such hurdles as the stewards may decide upon. Messrs. H. R. and J W. Falkiner's Capable, aged 10st 4lb.,. (T. Corrigan) 1 Mr. John Field's b g JF, aged. 9st 12 lb. 2 Messrs. H. R. and J. W. Falkiner's b g Temperance C yrs, 9st 7lb. 3 Betting 5 to 4 on J. F. Fearnaught, Actaeon, and Jack's the Lad were scratched, The horses got away together, and raced till the back of the course was reached, when Temperance fell, and caused J. F. to baulk. This mishap gave Capable a lead of a quarter of a mile. Nearing the stables the second time round, Capable and J. F. were together, and a desperate race ensued home, Capable winning by a length. Clarke, the rider of Temperance was hurt. CONSOLATION STAKES, Of 30 sovs. A handicap for all losing horses that have run during the meeting. Once round the course and a distance. Mr. W. Field's Bells, 7st91b. 1 Mr. A. O'Connor's Confidence, Cut 7lb. 2 Mr. A. Kearney's Canezou, 6st (bolted). 0 Bella was the favourite, and won the race in a canter by six lengths. Caneara bolted off the latest news. 