MR. JONES'S ITEM. He came into the office, and drawing a chair up clo.-e to a reporter's table he said to the reporter : ' Take a bit of paper and I'll give you a good item.' When the re porterwas ready the visitor began : ' Yester day afternoon Mrs. Jones — my wife, you know — and my daughter drove out with my bay mare for a little ride. Jenny was driv ing the mare, coming down from Mount Airy to the Wissahickoc, when just below the crest of the hill she kicked off her shoes.' 'Jenny did?' 'No; the mare. Mrs. Jones, however, concluded to go on, as the roads were soft and the mare quiet; so Jenny let her proceed slowly down the hill.' 'Let JMre. Jones or the mare?' 'The mare, of course. A few minutes later, how ever, while Jenny was stopping to pick some ferns for her mother, a fly or something bit her upon the nose.' ' Opon Jenny's nose, or her mother's ?' ' No, no ! The mare's nose; bit the mare upon the nose, and Jenny hardly had time to get back into the carriage before she began to rear and plunge in a most alarming manner.' ' Not Jenny ?' ' O pshaw, the animal, the mare, Mrs. Jones, of course, was very much frightened, for the mare seemed really excited, and she began to scream violently and to try to get out of the back of the carriage.' 'The mare did ?' ' Mrs. Jones. But Jenny told her sbe could manage the mare if she would sit still.' ' If the mare would sit— ??' ' If her mother would sit still, but just then a buckle broke and Jenny was unable to pre vent the mare from dashing: down the bill at a frightful pace. When they came to a bridge-over ^he creek, Mrs. Jones was over joyed to observe the mare come to a dead stop ; but, unhappily, the next moment a fit of blind staggers struck her, and — ' ' Struck Mrs. Jones, or the — ?'' * Don't you. under stand ? Struck the mare, and before Jenny could comprehend the situation, she reeled about upon the bridge in an uncertain sort cf way, while Mrs. Jones was completely unnerved and without self- control, and the next moment she turned an entire somer sault over the side of the bridge into the water.' ' Are you referring now to Mrs. Jones or Jenny or. .the mare ?' ' Why the mare ! Of course she dragged the carriage in with her, and Mrs. Jones and Jenny in it. All three sank to the bottom, but the mare almost immediately struck out for shore, and Jenny clasped. her by the tail. As they swam past Mrs. Jones, Mrs. Jones clutched at her dress — ' ' Not the mare's dress ?' 'At Jenny's dress, and tbis forced her to loose her hold upon the tail.' «? I thought \- you said Jenny had hold of the tail ; not Mrs. Jones ?' ' So I did. Mrs. Jones had hold of the — the — I mean, yes, Jenny bad hold of the mare's tail and Mrs. Jones had hold of her dress.' ' Whose dress. Jenny's or the — ?' ' You know very well what I mean. Mrs. Jones held on to Jenny and Jenny to the mare, but Mrs. Jones pulled her loose, unintentionally, of course, and as the mare swam off Mrs. Jones said to her — ' ' To the mare ?' ' You think you're smart now, don't you ? You know well enough I mean Jenny/' ' Well, then, Jenny said to the mare, what ? 'I came in here,' said Mr. Jones, fiercely, ' to give you a first-rate item, and I was going to tell you what Mrs. Jones said about the mare being dragged from the water and how she turned somer saults all the way home ; but banged if I'll do it now.' The reporter rose slowly, and \- elevating a chair to ward off the missile, he calmly inquired, ' What object had Mrs. Jones in turning somersaults all the way home ?' The people who saw Mr. Jones come down stairs and emerge from the front door say he looked as white as if he had seen a ghost. — Philadelphia Bulletin. He sang to his darling : *? Tue stars are forth, The night winds gently sigh ; There's a light in the window, love, for me, And waiting below am I.' Her father the minstrel's voice o'erheard, And mentally whispered ' Wait !' As he gathered the serenader up And yanked him over the gate. . And she ? She knew by her lover's word Tiie wreck that the old man made — ' Ten dollars are what these trousers cost, And I'm glad the bill isn't paid.' A few days ago an old maid was relating the experience of- a Jong sea voyage to a select company of ladies on Bush street. ' One night,' said sbe, 'the Captain knocked at my stateroom door and wanted to get in. Of course I refused to open the door. Then he called out in a voice which I shall never forget: 'Let me in, or by heavens III Ecuttle the ship.' 'What did you do tben ?' asked several anxiously. The nar rator put two more lumps of sugar in her tea and replied : ' Well, I ? a ? 1 ? saved the ship.' 