JOSJI BILLINGS ON BIRDS. THE QUAIL. THE quail iz a gams bird, about one size: bigger than" tihe robin,;ani so isudden-tliatj- - they hunl wlhen they fly. They have nosong,. but whistle for nusic, the tune is solitary end sad. They are shot on tile wing, and a man may be good in arithmetic, fiustrate at par-. sing, and evenbeiable to preach acceptably,. but if hlie ain't studied quail on the wing lhe might as well shoot atmi streak ol lightning in thie sky as at a quail on the go. Briled quail, properly su)iported with jelleys and a Champagne Charlie, is just the most diflicult thing, in my lhumble opinion, tew beat in the whole history ov vittles and sometlhiiig to drink. I am no gourmand, but if I nun asked by it friend to eat briled quail, with judislhous accompanyment, I blush at lust, then bow my head, and then smile sweet. acquiescence-in other words I always quail before such a request. THE PARTRIDGE. The partridge is also a game bird. Their game iz tew drumi on mi log in the spring or the year and keep both eyes wide open, watch ing the sportsman. Partridges are shot oni. the wing, and are as easy to miss az a ghost iz. It is phlun entff tow see thie old bird hide' her young brood When danger is near. ''Thlis must be seen; it can't be described, aniid makei' ennybody believe.it. The partridge, grouse, and pheasant are cousins, and either of tlmem. straddles a gridiron natural enuff to hhive been born there. 'lake a couple of young" partridges and pot thelm down, and serve Uii: with a kind of chorus, and they beat the hiaumi sandwiches you buy on the Camiden anil Amiboy Road 87i percent. I have eat these lamentable New Jersey lham sanlwiches, and. must say that I prefer a couple of basswood chips, soaked in mustard water, and stuck to-. gether with Spaulding's glue. TIIE GOSLIN. The goslin is thile old goose's yvung child.. They are yeller all over, and az soft az a ball or worsted. Their foot iz wove hole, and. they can swim az easy az a drop of kastor. oil on the water. They are born annually: about the 15th of May, and never wasz known to die naturally. If a man should tell me he saw a goose die a natral deth, I wouldn't be- " lieve him under oath after that, not even if hlie swore he had lied about seeing a goose die. The goose are different in one respect from the human family, who are sed tewr grow weaker and wiser, whereas a goslia al wus grows tuffer and more ptholish. I have seen a goose that they sed was ninety-three years old last June, and didn't look an houri older than one that was only seventeen. The goslimi waddles lwhen he walks and paddles when he swims, but never diveslike a duck out of sight in tile water, but only changes ends. The food uv the goslin ia rye, corn, oats and barley, sweet apples,, hasty pudding;. biled cabbage, cooked potatoze, raw meut., wine, jelly and turnijps, stale bred, kold bush , and buckwheat cakes that are left over. The ain't so particular as some pholks what tlihe eat, won't get mad and quit if they kant have: wet toast and lain chops every morning tfore' breakfast. Pa.iU PUDDING, WITHOUT SuE?l:.-,I . I flour, *lh currauts, -lb". grated carrotv, .lb I rated potatoes, {lb.'butter, 2 ozs. sugar:.j \- mix all together, ladding a little salt andr ant Sothler approved. seasoniIg; boil in, a, [butireu Sbasi. an hour and a haltf, and serve withll.swee: Ssauce. A Il'rge sluniuhtil of treacle is am. agreeable addition.-- Quienushlinders..< , • ...~ ··''·.:= 