THE MYSTERIES OE CEIME; OB, The Expediences of an Edinbijbgh Detective.—No.LXIX. [Published by special arrangement with the 'Author.] - A FATAL GEM. I am no believer in fatalities cliDging to particular articles any more than in ghosts haunting particular places; but the follow ing" string, of incidents—"which come in as the next case of importance in which the characters I have introduced were mixed up—might well incline the weak-minded to an opposite belief. The coincidences are curious—nay more, they .are strikingly romantic; and not less so because they are hard, bare facts. In giving the history of this gem, and the fatalities that seemed to fall upon its possessors, so far as they are known to me, I have been for a little un certain where to begin—whether in the middle, where the Ruffian's gang had to do with it, or at the end, where Simon Pen bank's nose was gently insinuated into the pie, or at the beginning of it all, where the fatality was supposed to.be incurred. Con sulting the reader's comfort, however, I have decided to begin near the beginning, as this will give a clear, unbiassed view of all the points in the case. When I have finished, the reader is welcome to draw his own inferences. My own opinion is that the only fatality that can haunt anything is that blighting curse which, like a sure avenger, ever follows crime or wxong-dping—arid consequently that in the present, case tie fatality in every instancp was that, and nothing else.; < One day in spring—a great many years ago—a master jeweller over in the New Town—whom I shall call Graham—was called, into the front shop to speak with !a wretched-looking old man upon important" business, which could he discussed with no one hut; the principal. Mr. Graham, who was a keen-witted business man, with, an -intelligence far above the ordinary- run, scanned his visitor curiously before a word had passed between them, and in the swift glance! discovered two things—first, • that the man was 'prematurely old with drink; and second; "that he had still the remains of an upright hearing and dignified ..tread which stamped him an old soldier. "I belive youbuyprecious stones ?" said the wretched-looking visitor in a tone suf ficiently low to . be inaudible to the gaping shopmen, at. the same time giving his thumb a backward jerk towards a gilt inscrip tion to -that .effect which graced each side of the shop-dobr. " Can I speak with you in private.?—I; mean' away from, these staring fools. !You have nothing to fear," he.added, with ii, smile having; a touch', of sadness in its expression, as the' jeweller hesitated. ["I am neither a thief,nor a rogue, as these military papers jviUVprave. I have been unfortunate, 'thai'is 'all^ipm Peter. Simpson, formerly of the"arm^, duly pensioned by the Government, afjer twenty one years' hard service in every, part of, the globe, including seven years in India. . I am. my own worst enemyj hut I want to speak to you on a subject which'may. benefit you and be a blessing to me," There was something so simple and open in the man's manner that the fears and sus picions of, the experienced old jeweller vanished at,once. Merely glancing at the proffered papers, he quietly motioned:to the old soldier to follow him,, and led the way into his. private room at , the back, where, as soon as they were seated, the soldier began fumbling in a breast pocket, and produced a paper parcel, which being unfolded disclosed a bit of crimson cloth tied up with small twine, and'this inner parcel being opened out disclosed a single pearl, unset, and rather longer than a wren's egg in size, but of such matchless beauty and delicate lustre that for some moments after it was placed in his. hand the jeweller bent over it in almost. breathless admiration. . "You wish to sell this ?" he said at last, looking up with the gem in his hand. "I do; and I will make it worth your while to huy it. I know , its exact market value, so far as such things can be valued," he added, mentioning a sum of several hundred pounds. "But I find so few willing to look at it, and still fewer (I may say none) willing to buy . it, that I begin-to think the cursed thing will cling to ine till I lie rotting in the grave,; and so, as I said,.I would part with it for any reason able sum which you may choose to name." There was a pause, during which the jeweller examined and admired .the pearl with eyen greater interest than before; but there was a constraint.in his manner as :he looked up again, which prepared the soldier for his next reply. ' ...... •" The pearl is certainly a beauty, and worth fully the sum you name, and, under the circumstances, I would he glad to treat with you for its purchase. But—i-but—have you any objections to say how it came into your possession ?" ' The soldier smiled out:into a lauah. " I thought that ■was - coming. You mean, am I not a thief P ; Did I not steal it ? Well, that's just; as y outlook. „on;rit. I might gay,' apd ■. I;; migbt; sayi'rNo.' I'll tell you :the honesttruth, ._sii\:Y It all' hinges on thab "one "thing," be added, lowering his voice to a fearful whisper— " I believe there'a curse. hanging on the blasted, shining little thing, and that's why I've wanted so long to get rid of it. The curse, may fall on the one, that buys it—I don't know. You would have to risk that in getting it cheap." : ft was now the jeweller's turn to laugh, which he did long and heartily, and evi dently feeling much relieved; " Come, now,' he said, frankly, " tell me all about it, and if that idea of yours about a fatality attending the possessor is the only drawback to me buying it I promise you that the bargain is as good as made. Where did you get it P" , "I got it at the taking of Seringapatam, which"I dare say you will remember read ing of. You know, as soon as the place fell, we rushed in plundering and killing the black devils on every hand; but for all that the plunder was of no manner of use to us. We were, not allowed; to v retain a ■ ha'porth. I myself came out literally.loaded with gold and silver, every pocket crammed, I and even my trouser legSjtied at the ancle ! and filled to the ton., But what then.Pr I I daren't keep it—I would have been.strung up in a moment. I therefore simply walked into the. camp, called all my comrades around me, undid all the strings, emptied everything in a heap on the floor,- end told them to take what they liked. Of course there was a great scramble, and then a rush to get rid of it on the . instant among the camp followers—giving a handful of gold or some such value for- a cup of coffee or a bottle of beer—till it had all vanished. But I was not yet done with the looting. .'I wandered back among the dead and wounded, and turned over a good; many, till I came upon one black that resisted. He was only: a common soldier, and the very fact that, wounded as he was, he; resisted, excited a suspicion; in my mind that be carried something, worth struggling for. I am sorry to -say 'it-r-it was thought dittie of among us at1 the time —I got enraged and bayoneted;him;on'the spot, and then .coolly stripped- him-, and turned him over , in search of - the' hidden treasure, which I at last: got -cleverly con cealed under one of. his armpits. :Tfaat treasure you now hold in your hand."; „: The soldier paused, hot for want of breath, nor because > he had been interrupted, but simply because the recollection of the inci dents had. been too much for him. -He shook violently from head to foot, and with the cuff of his sleeve wiped away a pro fuse burst of perspiration 'from his brow. The jeweller handed him a glass'of water, and said—? fi " Go on, I am deeply, interested; rdid the man die?" ; ri-::! " Just a minute, sir—the thought always takes my heart this way, and .I;don'f won der at it—there was a, curse on the thing from the first. Well, as I was saying, Irgot the precious atone with- a great, wrench, which- brought tboj, dying, manpfup on ,his feet with it, and. tbea,in.hia;natiyp tongue after ^male diction -su#®*" ing had'ever. fqjlowe4>^be. poesessor- of ,-the pearilbeld ,in myvhancli ;and);V7Quld; hgunt me; in_ •, cpntinu^l, rmisery ? andiomjsfortun® ; whilogl poMassed * it.^r-These owor^s.- he shrinked oht," throwing bis arms about and •^Slffi^Tus'e^'as'piily/^m'^lacfi' fefipvys" ( can, ' and /then he. went staggering about," 1 "choking with theblood, and at last flopped' ' straight down—stone/dead." ... • Thb soldier paused dgain, and wiped his forehead as before; and this time his,agita •' tion bad communicated itself to his hearer, 1 . wlro shuddered, in spite'of himself at the <' weird picthre the other's; simple words had ; ' Conjured tip before him.' ; ' " Well, sir, though a little sheared at the time, I wasn't a hit put back from my pur-. \- pose—which was to conceal the gem under ~ my armpit, just as he had done before me, and as I'had heard it whispered many a , ; 'cnilrUar /??<•? in tTiat linspfflnd timp ' 'TnHp.p.A soldier did in that unsettled time.1 Indeed, ' I believe there was a/bit of bravado in ine, ; !; and I wanted to proveJ_to; myself that the; 1 fatality he had spoken/about was. all hon-_ sense, and not worth minding. From/that. ' - moment till the war was ended—indeed, \- '.till I left the service-^I never knew rest. \- ;I was dlways afraid of being found out, or. Fsfoged; or something. I used to dream *'jV^oirti tbaf-T black fellow, and fSel, him iJ*5clutchihg: / the. pearl^asd then wake, up ^!jaheK;fiifi^edly' fern my armpit "if it was ^'C. gphef. *';iWl^he%r I was pensioned off 1. oatriedtrtbi^lHti It was no use. - Everybody s: "hid -some 'excusb; and atlast I; gave up >• and' if lay. in my. box blighting my 1whole life.-1 gdt married, and had children; but they all died off one by one, just as they i • were coming to something. Then my wife \- took to drinking, and fell; downstairs and \- broke her neck; then I took to drinking, and " lost a capital berth which would have lasted. < • me ajlifetime. I have got ileeper and iri deepef in;the mire, and all the time I have t seemed to Bee the cursed; thing shining at t- me rightthrough its wrappings and my box, t like.a'sort of awful eye, till l ean stand it no V- longer. I've brought it here ; but if you >; refuse I'm not sure, now that tbe fit. is op \- me," hut I may smash it'into -a-thousand bits;, and take them down and scatter them ! i - into the sea," and the man actually seemed ; so awfully in earnest as to leave no doubt on ; the mind of the other that- he meant to I execute the threat. • "Nonsense—that would" he a piece of outrageous folly," lightly, returned the practical jeweller. " What would you say, now—would eighty pounds satisfy you a|s to price F" - ; " Ahundance-^-ahundance!" eagerly broke • in the soldier. \- " Gently—gently," interposed the jewel \- ler; there is always a certain amount of ■ risk in buying such things. I don't mean ' -your dreadful fatality, which I am quite : prepared to risk' at tbe price—I mean, a -■ risk that: your story migbt hot he true, or \- that the gem might be enquired for. Now,. ' ■here is what I agree to—you sell me the ? 'gem,/I " use it in what way I please, ahd !• make what enquiries I choose as to your ; veracity, &c.;, and I pay you hi-inonthly the t money in four instalments of twenty pounds •i each.- Does the arrangement iineet with your approval ?" -1. - : • An eager assent was given, a hill' of •- agreement was drawn up embodying thjs ; ■' rather uncommon bargain, and the soldier • departed with some hank- notes and a hit of < paper in his pocket; leaving the gem in the possession of the overjoyed purchaser.. As they shook hands and parted it would have been difficult to say which of the two seemed best pleased—the jeweller had made aii • -uncommonly profitable morning's work.; and the soldier walked several inclids higher, as if relieved of a heavy responsi bility or care. ' In-a few weeks the jeweller had satisfied • himself that the gem was not in the ordi V nary sense stolen property, and after grave ■' deliberation had it carefully inserted as the \- chief pendant on a chaste necklet of gold. \- Two smaller pearls hung beside it, merely as foils to its own extraordinary beauty, ,and the gold necklet itself was quite slender \- —the idea being, I suppose, to throw out into hold relief the 'one gem about which there <■' hung such a halo of fatality and' romance. '<■■■- The story of-the supposed fatality, hovy ■ ever, was not, as may be readily guessed, J -ticketed upon the jewel when'it was,finished. fc- and exposed for sale, but at this time strictly 3 confined to the breast of Mr. Graham hini- , self. Hewatchedit with a strange in feres't, -always exhibiting it himself, and stating ' with perfect truth that the principal jew|l V'; was rare and came from India; but Before h-many months had elapsed he1'had begun to ot notice'a singular fact. ''Ladies and gentlf a -men-Would troop into' his shop, lavish i a.haon^y on ^the; most expensive articles, Be ^l-shOwn the peafl; necklet, go into ecstacies ; .^ ovet -itj- tiy- it on, admire it, from every 1 point of- view, say that it Was a marvel of 'e-'Cheapnessi and utter a: thousaud other i ■ --glowing eulogies in its favor-^-hut they never y .itMcfht &.-•-£ Ho-; there it-remained—beaufi •i r.Jul and unbougbt—till at last the jeweller 1 begaa to fear that he would , baVe to class ryit as Viead. stock, .on-which' be was destined y - to lose in' interest all-the-profit be Iirfd -anticipated- at ithe ; outset. A. tinge of h aiipefstitiOu& firead "began to creep over bis mind, ;too,'"wheri be found that upon every i. occasion - npOn - which'- the • soldier, Simp 'son, presented; himself- for the instalments of the money-he appeared to be happier \- and better in circumstances—as if in getting ; rid of the fatal gem-he" had shaken a curse i from-* hi'a shoulders. - In desperation Mr. Graham at last reduced the price of the gem i-i to a fabulously low figure, for in spite of hi3 i' - scepticism he was- beginning to get". con- - i -cem'ed—but. still'the necMet would not c' sell. - Then' he consulted his foreman as to f the alteiing or resetting of the jewel ; hiit 1 i.jiere he was met/by the assurance that i 'nothing, more? chaste1 or elegant could be \- 'designed, and] that to alter it would pro ? ..driblybe to spoil it. Year after year, then, it remained in; stock, regularly .recorded as ,:: ;unsdld, till at last Mr. Graham handed the r :,chief care of the business over to his son, and with it a minute account of the pearl ; neclde't; which he: had written down in hjs .• ileism'e. moments. . His' son, an' energetic .young man, was just'aa freeifrom super— stitioh as himself. He laughed at the . .-.story of .the Natality attending the posses-1 sion, and finally selected it with some other .11.' trifles as a .present for his intended bride — - a young lady called Flora'Ferguson, fyr.r -TMsrBringis-to-.'tbe second scene in -':';tb58eurieu8-his€6ry. 1 ' '. •r: i:.: Over rih ' one1 of th'6se; grand bouses in ":;^Heri6t'Hdw7twp;youn^ girls sat chatting \- ; was -ner cousin, luanon-nanaiey. * auougu' ~"'j a:pertec(i'c?>Btrastin cdmplexioh; both giifis rather ja t spliere-'eri society than: the' intended7 • Wei$ei. jto out ward"7appeirance,:. ^perfectly happy.7 §o; "much for"' .'lookI";'"Euif every ""one" having" experience knows how; bfteii these" belie toe: real feelings. Under the triumphant smiles of Flora Ferguson lay, of course, that deep and trembling anxiety which evety rightly disposed young girl feels before taking such a step; but under the bewitching endearments and extravagant plaudits of her cousin, as events will soon' show, lay real, fixed, and inveterate hate. - It .was not mere jealousy—it was its' slowly matured fruit, deep malice—a murderous spite that would shrink at nothing, that would blight the loving" and unsuspicious girl before her, and that' was doubly dangerous from being concealed tinder a ' hypocritical mashof love.;;', ; " It, is a ndost; exquisite present," she comiriented,'after hanging over the fatal necklet in apparent' rapture for some moments—" I never, never saw anything' like it. Is. the large pendant in front a real pearl ?" ' "Ileal? Gh, Marion, do you think "Walter , could put anything false in my ;'hand?" echoed Flora/with a flush of pride' and affection. " No, it is not only real but very valuable. He says, there is not another pearl like it in Scotland that he, has. seen. It came from India, and has a fatal reputa-" tion, he says; but he would not tell-me the story till we are married ; the dear fellow, I actually believe, was, .afraid to frighten me.!' ': ' '' ' " A fatality ? What could he mean by. •that ?•" enquired Jjbr startled.and interested guest. " Oh, I don't know," carelessly replied the other, with a musical laugh. "It is some ill.luck that is supposed to, attend any one that possesses it ; out, of course, it is a mere isuperstition. If evil fia to come on me it will come whether I- possess the' jewel or • not, I am perfectly: easy, on that .point. - But there is some peculiar interest attached to the jewel, I know, for Walter considered that in making, me a present of it. He says he would not lose the centre gem for a good deal, and long ago gave up thoughts of selling.it." . , "Well, really, I never thought Walter was so silly," venomously put in Marion Handley, with ; an. , engaging smile. " When he first paid, attentions to me I thought him rather a firm, solid-minded young man. But people change, my deaf— people change. Now, I think a false pearl would look .quite as well—better, indeed, for. they haves a way of making them even i to look more brilliant than the real geni3." , : " Yes, you think so, and so do I, in my ignorance," smilingly rejoined Flpra. " But the effect ishot the same to 'the eye . of a -jeweller—they can. detect a false stone at a-, mere glance—it is their profession, you know." • "Oh, could they, indeed ?" said her guest,'with staf'tling abruptness, which, though unnoticed at the .time, was after wards. recalled, distinctly and vividly, down, to the very gleam of .-the dark, deep eyes. "They can tell a, false stone at a glance. Well, that is wonderful," and the' last words, curiously enough, were spoken quite absently, and more to. herself than her cousinand then she hung over the . necklet,, minutely examining its construc tion, but so lost in thought as to pay .no heed to several questions addressed to her on the all-important question of the bridal robe. This was all of importance -that passed between them—at least all -that I have - occasion to record. One thing I may men tion, however, as it may explain much that followed. Marion Handley had at one time been all but engaged to the , young' man whom her. cousin was about to marry. • The two girls, however, only made a joke of the circumstance, and were/the closest of friends, and, though living a few streets apart ,on ordinary occasions; were for the present-constant associates and bed fellows.. ~ The necklet was put past in its case, and the whole to all appearance carefully locked up-by Marion Handley, and the rest of the afternoon devoted to other trifles of deeper interest .to the intended bride. ;About siy o'clock that same: night, how veyeiy Marion Handley found her way over to an obscure jeweller's at the South Side, with whom ; she had had some dealings before, and, producing the pearl necklet, : askedjhim a strange question. 1 " Could you make an; exact copy of it—I' mean, a plated; thing,-with: false pearls as . pendants, which might be mistal^en .by" any' but a practised,'jeweller for .the • real" jewel?" .. . ".*; The jeweller was not. astonished—such • "questions and jobs were not new to- him. ■ Needy persons; of ten resorted, to. such a means of procuring., money secretly. The only question which made him pause and' look grave, was. one of. time in -connection with the principal gem in the circlet. " I could imitater it all in a few hours but this pearl. To get one like it I may have to send to London, which would occupy at least two days." "It would-do then—-make it—get it done—no matter* what the expense," was the feverish reply; " I must have it. But you must work without the model—it might be wanted ,or looked, for at any mo ment. Can it be done ?" - The jeweller paused again, examined the necklet even more, minutely - than before, and then gravely shook his head. - "It can be done, certainly," he began," "but it will be difficult, and will require' careful measurements and drawings tobe made " " Then do it—now—at once.. I can wait - —there is no other chance. that I can de pend on." ". -Then she' grimly' seated herself, and patiently counted the minutes of nearly an hour, when the jewel was once more placed in her hand; and then- enjoining the -strictest secresy, she was shown into the Raiting cab and driven off. Five, days after .this, and indeed exactly the day before that fixed .for the wedding, there waa a. merry party assembled , in the house in Hefiot-row. ,1'heintended bride-" 'groom himself was there and anumber of the morrotv's guests,1 including, of course, the' principal bridesmaid, Marion Handley; and as they were all young, light-hearted people, ' in the midst, of their frolic and fun, it was, not surprising that' the proposal should be made to array' the bride exactly as she should be arrayed on the following morning. ■Wiseacres wduld 'have! " shaken' their heads, over such a proposal as a fair flying iir-the face'of Providence, and would have quoted a hundred superstitious' proverbs to enf orce their words; put then there were no wiseacres, there junless Marion Handley,; from . the ' far-seeing burning'.liate that' dwelt in her bosom, could be so termed' ' Mid ITiave aTfeady sKown that 'superstition was a thing that Loth of the persons princi pally concerned were .free of in a marked de- ■ gree., Several busy and merry-hearted' vourig ladies, therefore/ pounced upon popr. -flora' Fergxison, and bore' her out of: the \ room in triumph; then they chattered,, add laughed,- and danced aliout'their victim, to their heart's content, till -every' item of the wedding dress was adjusted5 to their satis faction, and the pearl necklet fastened on her neck by Marion Handley herself; and then, without allowing her a single glance at herself in the mirror; they led her off for exhibition in the drawing-room. A buzz of - delight greeted the; entrance of the ' blushing young. girl, which rose rapidly to a shout—a regular hurrah-y among, the more excitable . • gentlemen present; and then, after making the cir-" cuit of the room with her captors, she was with much mock ceremony presented to tlje admiring eyes of her future husband. With a flush of pleasure he surveyed her from head to foot, rose from his seat, and was about to salute her fair cheek, when his eye . wandered to the necklet, and there became" fixed. Every one noticed the start—tlie" strange pause—the second keen glance-j the paling of his cheeks as they became riveted on the Brummagem jewel; but in the momentary confusion only one saw thit at the same moment Marion Handley turned deadly white with'ill-suppressed excit|-' ment and concern for the result of her plot, and that one happened to be the unsus picious bride. ? I : But Walter-Graham started further and further back from his affianced, as if actually; spell-bound, "and then with a faint burst came the words— j "Good" God! What—what have you done with the necklet, Flora ?" i ' " Done with it ?" echoed the wondering young girl, .turning.white with alarm. " I Lave done nothing with it; it is exactly as when you placed it first upon my neck." i " Then, if you have not, some one el^e has," hastily broke in the young jeweller, flushing up to the ears with agitation and growing alarm. "It . is not the jewel I gave you; you have put a wretched imita tion in its place—a plated Brummagem thimr, not worth the labor that has been expended upon it. What on earth possessed • you to play such a trick upon me ?" The young bride started as if 3lie had been suddenly stung, which he, in his blind impetuosity, took for a sign of conscious guilt. Then she reared herself, haughtily before him, with, only one red spot on either cheek to relieve the dreadful pallor of her face, 'and then with flashing eyes burst forth.— j ' " Walter Graham, I cannot understand why you should attempt to Insult me, and in presence 'of these friends. The jewel js the same—unaltered andvuntouched as you placed it on my neck—and no one has done anything with it, for it has never been for a moment out of my possession." The_ young man groaned and shrank shiveringly away. i " I see it all," he thought;1 "Poverty ill concealed, the jewel sold or pawn.ed, and deception resorted to to hide the" fact from me, and this miserable. thing of brass and paste substituted to blind the world. Oh, God! how I have been deceived!" ! " Walter, you do not speak," tearfully burst in the poor girl, breaking down and speaking in gentle, pleading tones, thait seemed to eat his very heart out. " If I have done wrong in any way- " .' j " You have done wrong—a foul wrong a base, lyiDg deception, which the blindest fool could discover at :a glance!" shouted the .young jeweller, springing to his feet in a fury of passion. "Woman, I could smite those fair cheeks and fawning lipS, that can smile and lie with such a look of purity! . That a jewel P—that a necklet of mine ?" and with a wrench he had it hang ing snapped in his fingers. . " It is brass and paste, and may hum and consume like the remorse which.I leave you to!" aud the imitation necklet was dashed into the fire, and then with a few, maddened strides the distracted lover Had rushed from the room and the house, while the poor'stricken girl clasped her hands .over her heart, and with out a sigll- fell back hi a faint in the arms of her friends. - jSTow, as the superstition should go, 116 evil should have fallen upon poor Flora Fer guson from the moment that the fatal gem ■went from her possession to that of Marion Handlej', -while, as I have shown, it was iii reality the very non-possession of the trinket which brought on her woes. This is a hitch in the orthodox order of such things; but, that got over, the mischief tp the possessor was to be resumed. It has often been remarked, that villainy in the very height: of its success .often trips and over-reaches itself. It was precisely, so iii the ^present' case.. 'An hour after leaving the house in Heriot Bow, and when de liberately packing up his things for a long journey, Walter Graham was surprised tp receive a visit from the principal brides maid—his former sweetheart — Marion Handley. " I. have come to plead on behalf of my cousin," was lier first speech, when he had stiffly bowed her to a seat. " Oh, Walter, I fear you will think her unworthy of you when you hear the whole truth, but I must entreat you tp remember her extreme youth : and thoughtlessness, and .the extravagant and expensive habits in which she has been reared. You are listening "I am listening," harshly replied, the young man. He might have said more; he was thinking—sifting. Blind,* maddened, and. horrified as he was at the supposed discovery, there was a refined spitefulness in every one of the carefully-weighed words of the.woman before him, which, in spite " of her hypocritical tears, could not escape the attention of the most careless. He knew the woman who addressed him—hail studied heT treacherous and evil nature tp its. heart's core years before—and at. oiicje stood on his guard, suspecting much and • fearing more. ! •' She has asked me to tell you the whole truth, and hopes that you will look oveir the slight fault and. forgive, her)" coolly pursued the' smiling'liar. iC She was in want of money for a few things which she thought necessary, and* got the jewel imi tated by the man to-whom she sold it—a jeweller at-the south pide, whose name jl am not allowed, to mention. But you will • forgive her ? The fault after all was no t'a great one, and you ■ have yourself to blame for forcing her into a denial .before.her .friends.",. ~ ' > Doubtless the young lady expected 'a burst of indignation, and an oath that he would never again look upon the face of 1 his deceiver ; but, if so, she - was disap pointed"/ He did not flush up—he'did'hoT rave—h'e only stared curiously in her face, with.eyes widely opened, and even the unex pected dawning of a smile upon his lips. I - " What ! diet she send you to say that?'' he;ihcfeduiously broke in. " Where: is the jeweller you name ? I must be satisfied , on that point.'' . . ,, ! "I cannot tell you,"'was the frightened; reply. " But you will not rake up the matter any further. If you are satisfied that you cannot forgive her, say so—if not, let me convey to her the glad news that all is well." Walter Graham looked right through the quaking; figure, pallid face, and gleaming - eyes of the cold, malignant woman to the. malicious heart that lurked beneath, and then breathed a great, sigh of thankfulness and relief as de pressed his hand on his . heart and looked upwai'ds, in the ecstacy of. a new-born hope. . " I have been a great fool," he softly murmured, "more to himself than his visitor. " But I must discover the jeweller." ' ■ " You cannot!" defiantly returned the treacherous plotter. - "I will!" he said, and then, without uttering another word, he walked from her presence, left the house, hailed a cab, and soon found his way to my house in Charles street, when after listening to his story, I started to accompany him on a tour of in- - vestigation among the principal jewellers oil the south side.' We were both well-known to most of them, and were not long in coming upon the man- who had fabricated the false jewel, who listened to "our story in mute amazement, and then produced some drawings and diagrams, which my companion instantly recognised and identi fied as necessary to the construction of thie necklet. It was now our turn to become listeners—which we-: did with a surprise and astonishment that outdid his own—as the whole plot was revealed and brought home to the treacherous bridesmaid. When we rose, the whole countenance of the young jeweller was radiant as the summer sun. . . ' ! "I cannot let the thing go any farther, Mr. McGovan," he said warmly, wringing my hand as we got outside. " ButI will - gladly lose the necklet—ay, 01* a hundred times its worth—to get back my. darling wifie. Still if you can think of any means of recovering it without any exposure olr scandal,. I will be most iiappy to defray every expense. But, perhaps, it may be destroyed—most probably it will be—seeing that it was mot stolen for mere value. Lest it go!—I am saved—happy once more, and why should I care ? . The. thing has a' curs'e about it after all, and I am almost glad it is . gone;" and theil he felated to Die the facte that I have already here detailed. j But -the' -necklet was not destroyed. Fearing. mischief, Marion Handley had made her way straight to her own house, < and there concealed the jewel bodily in a . hole dug with her own delicate hands and a table-knife in the chimney of her bed room. Days passed away, and word came to her that her cousin had really become a happy bride and started for the Conti nent. But a strange fidgetiness, a gnawing restlessness and dread, now possessed her mind : and she would sometimes even start up in her sleep, and grope her way to the fireplace to make sure that the necklet was not gone. The shadowy curse had fallen on the possessor in this case beyond a doubt. Now, all this was hidden from ordinary observers; but it happened to attract the attention and excite the curiosity of a light-Leaded maid in her employ, called Bell Price. : This girl watched, her like a lynx, and at last made an exploration of the strange hide in the absence of her young mistress, and clutched the stolen necklet. She had heard the whole story, with the exception of that part treating'of a fatality attending it, and, without the slightest compunction, resolved' to profit by the helpless guilt of her mistress. She -removed the necklet, took the advice of her sweetheart—one of the Ruffian's gang, as it happened—and re moved it to her mother's house in the Canongate, where it was carefully concealed in the wall. Three hours after her return the jewel was missed, and her mistress turned on her like a tiger, storming, raging, and threaten ing, but utterly helpless to injure her or call in the police, seeing that she herself had stolen the jewel. The result was the bursting of a bloodvessel with Marion Handley through passion and agitation, which in a few months landed her in thp grave; and the prompt discharge of the possessor of the fatal gem, who, not getting readily into another situation, went down wards by rapid strides till she landed, on the street. By this time the story, of the fatalityhad got to her ears, and in a fever of. dread she one night took it from her mother's house and buried it away up on the Radical-road, underneath. Salisbury Crags, carefully marking the spot .'inr a written description: which she.fieft' in the hands of her mother. But neither threats nor . entreaties could ever induce "her ti> reveal the hiding-place. Even kerjevil associate, though-she- loved him to infatua, tion, could not get more than shudders and evasions from her; and threats. frorh the Ruffian, whose vulture-like scent had been excited, proving useless, she was, as a natural result, hunted down and landed ih prison, where she took fever and died, carrying- the secret, so far as she was con cerned, with. her. At this point. I will drop, leaving to the following' sketch the relation of the last. incidents connected with the fatal gem. . ■ i . (To be continued.) ' ! 