' THE BAG OF GOLD.* Bx DONALD CAMBEON. I ?- Author of " ScripopoliB." . THE Rav. Bryan Birry was the sole repre. sentative of the Roman Catholic faith in the wild-and mountainous district o£ Jimbellico, an ieolated stretch of country in one of Victoria's moBt distant provinces. It mostly consisted of cattle runs, the head stations of which were far distant from each other, but in 18(50 gold was discovered at Wild Cat Gaily, and a somewhat extensive mining camp was the result. This was the first township (?) ever established in the Jim bellicof district. Hence Wild Cat, aB the town was called, became 'a kind of centre, where the squatters sold their cattle and bought station requirements. The district was of inch a character that after the plains which stretched below the mountains were reached everything had to be carried on pack-horses. Even ^the machinery of the Wild Cat Company, the firat quartz- mining venture started in the new mines, since famous in the annals of gold- mining for its richness, was carried piece.meal over the mountains, and the first piano which de lighted the eBra of Wild Cat arrived by the same mode o! conveyance. True, prior to that, the enterprising host of the "Three Nuggets " had imported a " Bord " at great fiTnonca whorATCtf.h fn hponiln f.ha into spending their money, in conjunction with two damsels obtained from Melbourne to dance with the rough 'miners; bat the speculation proved unfortunate, for the horses took fright in passing over a preoipice and tumbled slap into a foaming torrent, while the maidens had hardly arrived when they straightway became the wives of the two rich men of the community. Bafore the arrival of the second piano, the melan choly concertina, with the help of a few jews' harps, had usurped the musical throne of Wild Cat; for thete was only one fiddler in the district, and he was too ardent a devotee of Bacchus to bo trusted at " hops," but en its appearance, these primitive instru ments had to seek the lone hillsides, where, from scattered diggers' tents, they were to be heard at night, resembling too often a concert of cats with badly tuned voices; for mOBt of the concertinaB were minus certain essential qualities, owing to being occasionally used aa weapons of assault and defence. It may be therefore imagined that if musio had already obtained a looting in Wild Cat, religion was not disregarded, and the supposi tion was right. The Wesleyans-for a large number of the diggers were Cornishmen had established a Bethel on the summit of a little hill close to the camp, and a walk to it on a Sabbath strongly reminded one ef Christian's ascent of the Hill of Difficulty in "Pilgrim's Progress." On wintry Sundays the ascent of this hill, through miry clay the tautology is not mine, for I have always found that clay is miry and sticky when wet -was the cause of much backsliding, both of the feet and of the tongue, for even the most devout were often heard to blaspheme when they took an unexpected slide downwards and arose with their Sunday-go-to- meeting clothes covered with dirt. The Wesleyans are lucky people, however, for owing to their religious constitution, this B.'thel was altornately served by two lay preacher?, whose accent was powerfully Cornieh, and who worked in the mines all the week, and preached on Sundays. The Roman Catholic population were scandalised at their neigh bours being ahead of them, and they there fore. petitioned to the archbishop, and, on their guaranteeing certain things, a missionary was sent up to Wild Cat, and a small church and two-roomed cottage were built for the " prashte, God bless him." A vary humble church indeed it was, which developed a pronounced leak in the roof three months after its erection, showing the builder, though he pretended to be a pious man, could cheat heaven as well as his fellow men. As for the cottage, it might suit a miner, but not a man of the tastes of the Rev. Bryan Barry. This gentleman was a tail, strong, handsome man of about thirty, with a determined and almost Benoual face although there waa cast over it the veil of a refinement which he had acquired in his youth. Though of poor parentage he had passed much of his time, after his ordination, in a palatial cathedral in France, where he had acquired tastes and feelings ill in accord with bis present situation. He had been drafted as u missionary to Australia, and had to obey his superiors and leave the pleasant oity of Melbourne for this desolate spot. To a truly religious man, filled with grand religious fervor, which has glorified the names of the many noble Catholic priests who have laid aside comforts, nay, sacrificed their life, for their faith in more inhospitable climes than Australia, the situation would have been one wherein to glory for the Cros3 of Christ. But the Rev. Mr. Barry was not. one of these men. Ho wa3 a black sheep, a lover of ease and luxury. He could be religious and good with a pleasant chapel, a well supplied table and agreeable society, but to him this isolation' from all the com forts of the civilised world was a terrible penance, and he was the more aggrieved because while he had been sent to this desert spot, other men, far 1«sb capable, far beneath him in education, had been given sn ag benefices. Joined to this, he had acquired an accursed love for gold-even now he hoarded up out of the pittance hie parishioners subscribed for him-could he have obtained sufficient, he would leave the church and lead the life of a worldling. It may, therefore, be easily seen that the reverend gentleman wasfarf rom being a fit pastor of a Christian church. But, as he had no other means of living, he chose to be hypocritical, and to continue a minister of a religion in which he did not practically believe. As for hia flock, he hated and des pised them, because they did not contribute more to hia revenue, and many'a terrific denunciation he thundered at them about their meanness. But the people soon began to understand the character of their pastor, and, Bave with the moat superstitious and un thinking, there was little love lost between them. One night, in the depth of winter, the Rev. Mr. Barry sat in the little chamber whioh served him ai dining-room and * Th» tragical story which the author hora attempt* to commit to paper ie founded on fact, and occurred some years ago on a prominent goldfield. The writer, howevor, hopes that no person will be offended on the score of religion, as there is no intention to offend. Any person of the disposition of ths clergyman in this tale, no matcer of what sect he might be a minister, would have equally fallen under the temptation. t It is hardily necessary to say that in order to spare the feelings of thoao who are acquainted with the details of this tragedy, flctitiona names are given. kitchen. , An old crone, who served him as cook and housekeeper on very moderate wages, sat'by tho fire knitting a stocking and hamming an old Irish. song. The prieBt sat at the table looking out of the window in a deep and discontented reverie. "Without the world was robed in a garment of pure white snow, which had fallen in the late afternoon. Notwithstanding the anowatorm the day had been calm, and the night wss equally so not a breath disturbed the festoons of snow that lay upon the limbs of the dark stringy bark-trees, or clung to their brown trunks. The stars shone out of the intenaely blue eky bright as the most brilliant diamonds. No sound disturbed the still air save the thump-thump of the pumping engine of the Wild C*t Company, which, like the human heart, never ceased its labour, for the strata hereabouts was terribly saturated with water, which had to be kept down. The Rev. Sir. Barry looked out upon the dreary scene, and it recalled to him his student days at St. Omer-his pleasant hours in his Normandy presbytery, and he felt very bitter indeed againat fate, the Church, and the Archbishop. Eat-tat. The priest and the crone started. That knock was a rough one-nothing refined or city-like about it. The crone rose and | opened the door, and in walked a great, shaggy miner, all hair, beard, overcoat, and red clay, who shot off the snow on to the prieat'a apology for a carpet, upon which already he had deposited half a ton of mud -much to Mrs. O'Dowd's horror and wrath -and taking off his Cilifornian hat stood abashed before the priest, who gave him no favourable look. " Please, Bir," said the great stalwart fellow, who was as frightened as a child before "his riverence," "Mick Doolun is pasht all hope, the docther gave him up, an' he wants you to confess him, for he ha« a terrible weight on his mind, God deliver the poor crathur." "I'll see him to-morrow," replied the R9v. Mr.. Bury; "I'cannot move out to night, and you know Mick lives in Break neck Gully." " But, your riverence," pleaded the miner, " he won't live till morning." " A thought suddenly struck the mirid of the priest; a thought which must have been prompted by the Father of Evil himself. Mick Doolan was the mystery of Wild Cat. Everyone knew that himself and his mate, Lsrry Deegan, had made a regular pile out of a claim on Breakneck Gully, but, so far, no man knew what had become of the dust. It was boldly alleged that both men had cleared between them some £40,000. Larry Deegan had suddenly disappeared; his mate said that he had gone home, and had left quietly so that no one would know, for fear he might be followed and murdered. Since his departure Doolan had led a lonely life, never coming to the camp, save for provisions and whiekey, which latter ha consumed in enormous quantities. But, otherwise he was very elose-fiated, and spent nothing. He never visited a public-house, which Wj?s a perfect fnnd of wonderment to all the rational-minded diggers. Of course, there I were many surmises afloat about Doolan and Deegan, but no one appeared to be certain of anything. The thought now arose In the mind of the Rev. Mr. Barry, that if this man wa« dying, it would bo possible to get him to leave his goods to the church to atone for his sins. We need hardly point out what would bacome of the property to the reader, who has already fathomed the utter depar ture from grace which had occurred in the wretched minister's soul, out; of which that unholy spirit mammon had. driven all that was good and holy. Ho reflected that this wealth would at once give him all he had so long desired. Struck with this idea, the Rev Mr. Barry at at once Baid, in an altered voice : " Oh 1 then, I supposs I mast go to comfort the poor soul. Mrs. O'Dowd, bring me my cloak and big boots." The old crone Boon got hi* things, and the reverend gentleman sallied out into the star lit night with his conductor, who was poi seised of one of these ingenious Australian contrivances, a bottle lantern; that is, an inverted bottle with the bottom knocked out, and a lighted caudle inserted in the neck, a lantern which I have never known to have been blown out on the windiest night if properly held. The uncouth guide piloted the priest over the hillsides in a very careful manner, and they arrived at the cabin in Breikneck Gully which was inhabited by Mick Doolitu without any serious mishap, for the snow had made the ground pretty firm. An awful place was this Breakneck Gully. From the very banks of the noisy little stream the country rose in wild preoipices and gorges, mantled with the thicke3tundergrowtb,out of whioh arose giant trees, whose dark colour was now diversified withBnow. As the two travellers halted before the little bark hut and looked upon the terrible prospect, listening to the roar of the stream as it dashed over the rocks, it was a Ecene that the pencil of a Dore might have immortalised. The feeble light of the lantern illuminated the faces of the two men; one the picture of vulgar awe and supeisti tion, the other darkened with that eternal gloom which oversbadows the face of one who is bent upon a dread crime. On entering the hut a scene of a different character, but still in accord with the surroundings, met the eye. On a rough stretcher, covered with a blanket, lay a lean, cadaverous creature, whose only evidence of life was his burning and ever shifting eyes. The face was the image of death and as white aa the snow that lay outside, a great contrast to the thick matted black hair and beard. Occasionally this being started and cowered, as if dread unseen beings were tormenting him. There was a look of strange relief upon his face when he saw the priest. ' The Rev. Mr. Birry eat down by the bed on a rioketty three-legged stool, and took the sufferer's hand. He had studied medicine, and knew perhaps more of that science than the half-educated person who presumed to attend to the physical wants of Wild Cat. "It's no use, your riverence," said the sick man, with a ghastly smile; " I'm done for; I'm going-home. I won't see the sun rise again. Pat, I want to be left alone with the priest. Go home like a good fellow, and you can come when his riverence calls at your hut on his way home. Inave the hntern; he'll want it." Pat silently obeyed. He knew that the shriving of a sinful soul was not for anyone to witness except the sinner, the priest and God. Yet, had the honest fellow looked at his pastor's face, even hia dull wits would ! have been set wondering, for hia face was hardly Ibbs ghastly than that of the patient who was suffering from delirium tremens. That the priest had already discovered, and, notwithstanding the local medico's opinion, he felt convinced that Doolan's grand con stitution would surmount the attack and that he would recover; and that set this wicked man thinking, thinking. God, in his infinite mercy, send down his angel to baffls the demon tempter that night! " Father," said Doolan, as the door closed on Pat, " I have been a terrible sinner. Oh 1 can you give me absolution ? If I lived I would go through any penance." "God,' replied the priest in a strange, unnatural voice, "is very merciful, and I, as his poor minister, have power to absolve the truly penitent. Confess, my Bon, confess to me all, and hide not one tittle of your guilt; for there ia One to whom all is known, and the concealment of the slightest item will destroy my absolution." " I will tell the truth," cried the penitent, rising on his elbow and glaring round the room. " He is there and under his eyeB I will not be able to tell a lie. He has been there every night since that awfol night. He is there now " " Hush I" said the priest. " Make your confession until I see what can be done." " I will, I will," panted Doolan. " Well, your riverence, six yeara ago Larry Deegan and I lift the onld country together-God's curse on the day we did. We were as bright a pair of boys aa over you saw, mere lade, and as happy as kings to think we were going to make our fortunes in Australy. We'd been regular comrades iver since we were gossoons, and not a wake or a weddin', a dance or a fair, but we were together, and aith, the min would be bould who would face our two shillelaghs. We went up to Bindy'a at fuahfc, but did no good there at all, at all, any way, for we got no gould, and both of us fell in love with a purty collesn thero, whose father kep' a bit of a shop. Though nayther of ub said a word to each other about it, I knew she tuk to Larry, and when we were startin' for this rush, I heard her tell him when he'd come back with some gold she'd have him. The divil got into my heart that black day, your riverence; but Larry niver suspected anything, and we came up here and fell upon the richest patch that ever was found in the oountry. We let no one know it, your riverenoe,"-here he sank his voice to a whisper-" but it was tremenjouB, it was like ehovellin' up gould. Larry was in great glee, because he said he would now be able to go back to Sandhurst and marry his girl. That was like Btickin' a knife into me. I said nothin', but oh ! how I thought and thought, until the divil got entirely the best of me. I fought him a bit, but he had sucli a good servant in the whiskey, that he beat me to pieces. Well, the patch was worked out, and we made a division. 'Twas wonderful, your riverence, we had gould to the amotyit of j£15,720 each, over .£30,000 altogether, after all our expenses. That night the both of us got drunk, and Larry kept talking about his Kate, and swore he'd start the next day and marry her and become a squatther. The wniBfcey made him very loving to mo, but it put the divil into my eoul. I doa't know how it took place, but I seemed to wake up in the middle of the night, and there was Lirry atone-dead on the floor, just where he fell in.a drunken sleep, his throat cut from ear to ear 1 0! holy Mother, forgive me. I see him now, there, with tho blood flowing down. Go away, Larry, I'll ase your eoul, I'll-" " Hush 1" and the priest, " continue your atory." " Rsche m& the whiskey ?" asked Doolan, and this being don« he appeared refreshed, and proceeded: " Well, I waa stupid for a long time, but at last I began to think better of it, an' I took the corpse out, an' I buried it under a big rock, juat the other Bide the oreek. The spot's always green. And I have lived here ever since with that cursed goald, and never lifted it, for when I went to dig it up it seemed as if he stood in the way. An' now, your reverenae, I want to do reparation. I want you to send all the gould home to Larry's mother-who's as poor a3 a crow - and perhaps that will aae my aina." " I cannot absolve you," said the priest, in a cold, hard voioe, " unless you leave all your gold to the Church. That alone will save you from the terrible fate which is in store for you, most miserable of uuaerB." " Lave|it to the Church 1" oried Doolan ,wlth an Hibernian wink in his left eye; "no, no, your riverence, with all deference, I think it's my duty to give it to Larry's mother. That's the best atonement." And, in spite of the reverend gentleman's arguments, Doolan persisted in his deter mination. For a while the Rev. Mr. Barry stood firm, butat'last he gave in, and Doo lan showed him where the gold was buried, but charged him not to toaoh it until he was dead. £30,0001 What an undreamt of fortune waB that to the poor, wretched, sinner who had allowed gold to warp and destroy his soul. * " Are yon awake, Pat/' laid a sepulchral voice at the door of Pat Casey late that night. "Yes, your riverence," replied Pat. " How is poor Doolan ?" "Much better," replied the Rsv. Mr. Barry; "he told me you need not come over until the morning. I don't think there's anything the matter with him except the drink. The consolations of the Chnrch appeared to ease him." " Heaven's blessings cn you, sorr," said Pat. " It's glad I am of a Dighb's rest-for I haven's h id much of late through Doolan. Good-night, your riverence." "Faith I that Doolan musht be a big sin ner," said Mrs. 0 Dowd to an old crony of hers next morning, just as the sun was rising, while they were having a cap of tea together, "for when his riverence came home last night he looked as if he'd seen a banshee or the Inemy himself. St. Peter a*ve u« ! Wirra 1 what's the matter with you, Pat ?'* This was addressed to Mr. Casey, who ttood at the door, the personification of terror. "Oh, murder 1" cried Pat, "I wint to Doolan's cibia this morning, airly, and there he was, stiff and wid his throat cut from ear to ear " Lord save us 1" ejaculated the ladies, crossing themselves. " And he'd done it himself, too," oried Pat, " for the razor had jusht dropped from his hand. Where's the prashte f" Of course there was an inquest, and the verdict was in accordance with the evidence, felo de se. The medical man was certain that .the delirium tremens had risen to such a pitch that the wretched man was driven to suicide, and he blamed Pat for being absent. But the Rev. Mr. Birry excuaed Pat, for he said that when he left Doolan he was in a good frame of mind, and before going off to sleep had told him to tell Pat not to come, as he was ashamed of keeping a man, who had to work all day, out of his bed every night. The reverend gentleman added that he feared this was a ruse simply to get rid of the presence of anyone, and the coroner and jury agreed with him. So Doolan was buried, and the old hut at Breaineck Gully became haunted. No trace of the immense hoard, said to have been amassed by Doolan, was found, although but this was in the daylight-the site of the hut was dug up by enterprising treasure seekers. Some said tho devil had flown away with it; others averred that Doolan had never made a pile, and a few indulged in dari whiskers, but were careful of the company in which they uttered them, for a word against the Rev. Father Barry would have resulted in a good tronnc ing to the speaker. The general marvel was how Doolan committed suicide, whtn a few hours would have settled matters, and there was no explanation, except one offered by the gay young gentleman who managed the branch bank, that, in accordance with his contrary nature, he had gone to the other world just because he had not been invited. And, then, after the matter had formed a good topio for aix months, it gradually became obliterated out of the public mind, in view of more, recent and pressing ooenr encen. ? ' r. . m. . . . . If the Rav. Father Barry had been morose and distant before, he waB trebly BO after Doolan'B death. Mrs. O'Dowd told her cronies that the dreadful revelation wliioh Doolan had made to the priest had com pletely unnerved him, "which," ibe said, " it must have been awful, considerin' aB hia reverence was a mighty ahtrong man." It soon became evident that Father Barry was discontented with hia flock, and that thoy wore no better pleased with him, and ere long he wrote to the ecclesiastical authorities urging that the climate had such an effaot upon him that he eould not live in the place. He was accordingly reoalled, and, certainly, when he presented himself at the atchiep'.ECopal palace the prelate had every confirmation of his statement. The stout, rosy priest had become a lank, pale, ghastly man, with furtive, frightened eyes. He was relieved', from active duty, and spent his time tnnch as he pleased. Presently he declared that he must be sent home, as he could not reconcile himself to Australia. He was also humoured in this, and disappeared for ever from the ken of his religious brethren. Not one of them ever heard of the Eev. Father Barry again, and great waB the marvel as to what had become of him. Some years afterwards, as Wild Cat wa» declining in prosperity, an adventurous miner sunk a hole opposite to Doolan'a cabin, and came upon the relics of a human being. At. first tbere was much wondermont ao to whose skeleton it might be, but when a tiny gold locket was rooted up, on which was inscribed Deegan'a name, the camp at last settled the mystery of Doolan'a crime and end- Break neck Gaily became still more haunted, and an iDnocent white cow which wont there 4o . graze at nights, at once betnme the terror of the neighbourhood, and its most delicious .. sensation; her lowings being set down &a; the groans of Deegan'a spirit lamenting,oTer his untimely end, and the loss of hia gold. It need not be said that the search for this gold received a fresh impetus, and in th» daylight quite a new rush took place to. Doolan's, but not one of the industrious diggers were rewarded. : _ Nob far from the city of Lima la Pern, la situated a monastery, famed for the austere lives of the monks, and particularly noted afe_ the time we writs for the great piety of ita abbot, a venerable man, who appeared already to have reached Heaven ere he left earth. His life had been spent from the earliest manhood in the gentlest piety and the simplest modo. He wa« a child in the ways of the world, a giant la his knowledge of virtue snd religion. To this monastery there had been admitted, a few daya before we visit it, a wretched, broken-down man, once the gayest and most wicked of Pera'o citizens. Whenco he had come years ago, no one knew, but he was polite, learned, and the possessor of boundless wealth, so ao one troubled themselves much about his antece dent a ; and ha ran a career o£ riot and dissipation almost unrivalled, even in that warm-blooded land. At lent ho was reduced to beggary, and broken-down and dying, he came fco tho monastery, to close therein bis life ia repentance. Frrm the pious exhortaticns.of themoaki, Brother Ximenea, as he called himself, appeared to obtain little relief, no human being appeared so miserable, so conaoions of sin, and yet so impenitent. It was'as if he had been seised with that hopeless despair of forgiveness which some ecclesiastical -men. tell ns seizes upon those who have commited the inexpiable crime against the Holy Ghost. At first the monks tried to wean him round to a batter state of things, bat at last they positively became afraid of the man, so little like anything earth did he seem, so ghastly and diabolical was his appearance. One evening the Abbot waa roading in his study thb works of St. Jerome, when a lay brother tapped for admission and gave him a ? packet, which he said brother Ximenea had dii-ected to give to the abbot ataoertain time that night. Tho abbot, who had long marvelled at the man and endeavoured to unravel hitj mystery, at once opened the document and read it. He presently repented he had not called a monk to sit with him, The room was large, and the shadows deep, and the worthy father felt his flesh creep as he read the terrible confession, and almost expected the Father of Evil to appear to confirm it. The oonfeeaion was signed by " Brian Barry," and therefore our readere will guess that tho recluse was our old acquaintance the prieBt of Wild Cit. P«t of his confession we have already narrated, the remainder will throw all required light upon this dark history :-" After a few struggles with the demon of gold I yielded. I knew from my medical knowledge that the man would recover, and that when he got well he would laugh at his terrors and refute me the gold, as I could not use his confession against him. I was consumed with a thirst for the accursed treasure ; and tha way in which ho related ha had killed Deegan suggested the deed, for his razor lay on the shelf. Era I knew what I was doing he waa dead. He was weak, I very powerful, and, save one awful cry which will ring in my ears until death, he made no outcry. By Satan's own fortune I did not have a drop of blood spilt upon me, and when I had recovered myself a little, I . saw at once that the death could be set down ito suicide by dropping tha razor ? beneath his hand. I was devilish cunnings X noted that the stroke of tho razor was m&uo; exactly as a suicide would make it. After getting the bag of gold, whieh was very heavy, I left and returned home, leaving the bag outside until my housekeeper went to sleep, when I rose, brought it in, and pat it in my chest. Shortly afterwards, I left Australia and fled to a land where I could not be known. But my crime followed ne, and two phantoms, with their throats cut, never quitted my sight- To escape the agony of mind I was in, I plunged into the [ maddest dissipation, and committed unknown, ( tmthoughb of crimes, but in vain, remorse davoured my eoul. A still greater crime was upon my ooul- the sin of which I waa guilty towards Mother Church, and which I believed inexpiable. When oil was gone I came to the monastery, in some slight hope that scourging and penitence might assuage the wrath of offended Heaven. But, no; instead of. these holy walla giving me relief, they increased my anguish a thousandfold-they appeared to risa to thrust out so accursed a thing. I can stand this no more, my brain burns, my heart ia fire, my soul is already in torment, my body on tho rack. The ghosts are ever with me, and urge me to end all »s their lives were ended. And to night I feel that I can no more resist them. When you have read this letter I will be e'eaa, . . , Utterly horror-stricken the abbot raised the house and proceeded to Ximenea' cell where a sight bo horrible met the gaze of the spectators that all fled, crossing themselvee devoutly, and praying for protection from the Powera of Evil. He rests in a suicide's grave, the horror of everyone who knows the terrible story. And yet this man, had he curbed his passional in accordance with the precepts of his sacred calling and holy faith, might have beoome . great and good man, but he gave way to them, and failed to resist the terrible tempter tion of the BAG OF GOLD. 