..NEWS OF THE DAT. V The Imperial Parliament, which bad been oonvened in response to the pressure ot publio opinion, was opened With customary formalities on Thursday after noon. at two o'clock, which period cor- responds with the v wtorian time- ut about half-past eleven p.m. of. the ssme date. As -the intelligence of the »Ct >a roeeived here early- ; yesterday1- -eftemeeo, \ .. u crident -that the telegraph .ser- tics through to England is in good sorting order at present. The Qncen s ,7ecb referred hopefnllv to the prospects of reace being secure in Enrope by a faithful sdherence to tho provisions of the Berlin L.tr The necessity for declaring war IraiMt Shere Ali, the Ameer of Afgham- .»n was deplored, bnt its necessity —.'pointed out. It was also shown that the unfriendly attitude of the Ameer was £bc to foreign influences that had been bron'-Ht to bear upon him. There had of tscrre been no time for the expression t t'nc intentions of the Opposition, tat judging from the tenor of late flegrams it may bo inferred that even though they may disapprove the action t,"e Government in declaring war without tiring first consulted Parliament, yet they sill not embnrmss the Ministry now by preventing them from proceeding with the nexus necessary for vindicating the honor tithe British Empire. parliament was prorogued yesterday with the usual ceremony. The proceedings ap. w»red to attract somewhat less interest tan usual, the attendance of the public Iting limited. The assemblage of ladies in the Legislative Council wa3 not so numerous fi it has generally been, but notwithstanding kit the interior of tho chnmber presented a Vrillisnt aspect. In his speeoh the Governor expressed his regret that the reform qnes. tion had not boon brought to a successful iose, and remarked that her Majesty had teen 'pleased to intimate her approval of the epaointment of a commission under the mv»l sign manual for the promotion of tho International Exhibition Of 1SS0._ Refer ence was also made to the war in India, which his Excellency observed might even- tiiite in a collision with another foreign rower ; hut it was pointed out that provision had been made by tho Government for the defence of the colony. The Land Tax Appeal Court yesterday continued tho hearing of the appeal of Messrs. Cbimside against tho assessment oi the Werribee Park estate, consisting c! 81,049 acres in tho first class. Mr. C. A. Smyth appeared for the Crown, and Mr. Uerferd for the appellants. Jno. Blanchard, bookkeeper to the appellants, produced the station booke and other documents,, and Mr. J, P. Rc-iley, who . J been nmnsger of the estate eince lebrnary, 1S73, was etamined 03 to the various items contained in tho books, and also as to the working of the station during tho time that the estate has been under his charge. Ho stated that the estate was very much overstocked when he took the management of it. It was litoated in a country which took a long time fo recover after such a state of things. The witness stated that it had been necessary to tend away a great many sbeep in consequence of the number on the estate being much greater than it would carry. About 20,000 Mtei of the land would fatten stook, but he did not hesitate to say that tho estate, as a whole, would not carry one sheep to the icre. The aunual rainfall in the Werribee district was seven inches le3S than in Mel bourne. The hearing was not concluded when the oourt adjourned. Notice has been civea of the withdrawal of the appeal of Sfr. John Beaty against the assessment of tis estate of 2642 acres, situated In the county of Bourke, in the second class. The Williamstown Branch of tho National Reform League last evening held a numer ously attended meeting in the Foresters' Hell, Little Nelson-street; Mr. A. _T. Clark, M.L.A., the president, in the chair. After discussion, it was resolved to hold a public meeting at an early date in tho looal volun teer drillroom to discuss the embassy ques tion. Tho Chief Secretary and the Attorney- General are to be requested to be present. The quarterly meeting of the Political Reform Association was held in the Geelong Free Library last evening. Our local corre spondent writes There was a large atten dance of members, and the chair was occu pied by Mr. J. M. Garratt. Among the epeakers were Mr. Joseph Jones and Mr. thus. Andrews. The following resolution was moved by Mr. B, Hoare and carried : — "That in view of the utterances of her Majesty's Ministers in Victoria, and their repeated threats of revolution as their final means of triumph, this association in all its ramifications considers it desirable to renew its pledges of loyalty to tho throne and per son of her Most Gracious Majesty, and to repudiate all sympathy with incipient or overt violations of the laws. " A publio meeting in' connection with tho Intercolonial Juvenile Exhibition was held yesterday, at the Town Hall, Mr. David Boath iu the oliair. The aeoretary read tho progress report of the executive committee, setting forth the business already transacted, also stating that a very general interest Was being tclten in the exhibition by young people. The report mentioned that the meeting was called for the purposo of obtaining a general idea of the gentlemen interested as to the propriety oi building, or whether it would be better to hold the exhibition in conjunction with the International, to he held in 1SS0. After a loug discussion, it was carried, on the motion of Mr; Whitty. seconded by Mr. H. Lennon, "That, the Juvenile Exhibition be held in 1319, and that the arrangements for carrying it 'out be left in the. hands of the executive committee''— only four dissenting from the motion. It was stated that 41750 worth af debentures had been applied for; and a lyitematio canvass wa3 arranged for, A sale of Crown lands was held yesterday by Messrs. Byrne, Vale and Co. Several allotments in the town of Emerald-hill, front, ing Merton-street, were sold at the upset price of £2 per foot. The total proceeds of tbe sale amounted to £9S0. Atthemonthlymeeting of the Immigrants' Aid Society yesterday, the committee passed 0 resolution, on the motion of Mr. Thos. Dickson, to tho following effect "That in view of the present financial condition of tbe society, the house committee are hereby authorised to reduce tho present number of inmates from S92 to 500, and until arrange ments be made by the Government no more persons are t5 be admitted into uny portion of tbe Home." A copy of tbe resolution was ordered to be transmitted to the Trea inter. The mail ha3 brought information that the Rev, A. Yule, of Aberdeen (who is coming oat to take charge of the Presbyterian con- giegation of Erskine Church, Carlton), with bis wife and family, was to leave South ampton by P. and O. mail steamer on the 14th November. The mail steamer will in Ml probability reach Melbourne about tbe end oi this month. In the case of Alexander Bell, a farmer 01 Gundr, wring, near Beechworth, at pre- tent confined as a lunatic at Beechworth, an application was yesterday made by Mr. .'.'Beckett to Mr. Justice Molesworth for a reference to the Master. The object of the reference is that the Master may report the state of the health of Mr. Bell, and make arrangements for theappointinentof guardians of his estate and person, so as to arrange his affairs during his illness. The applica tion wne granted. Our Ballarat correspondent writes that Mounted.constable Stoddart arrested James Beswick, a determined ruffian, suspected of tool stealing. Having received information that Beswick was implicated in a robbery of tool from Mr. Bacchus'a shed, the constable proceeded, in company with two men, to Beswiok's hut at Bungaree, for the pnrpose o- arresting him, and on attemptiDg to do so the fellow and his wife each seized >n axe nnd attacked tbe constable. A desperate struggle ensued, which lasted for some minutes, in which the con stable closed with Beswick, and the two as sistants sueceded in disarming the wife. The prisoner is a very powerful fellow, and almost eihausted the strength of the constable, who was compelled ultimately to draw his re volver. Beswick was brought before the Bal larat Police Court yesterday morning nnd re- Banded for seven days. The qnarrymen of Richmond have been agitating for Borne time with regard to hiring their hours of labor reduced from nine hot irs a day to eight hours. At a meet- tog recently held it was decided to wait on the proprietors of the quarries in Richmond, and state the decision arrived at. Messrs. Gledhiil and I) odd have since agreed to tho terms, but Mr. Chambers has declined to. The men then strnok work at Mr. Chambers's qnarry, . Ono of the 'bus drivers has been discovered lathe act of abstracting the money of his employers from the boxes in the 'bus, hitherto supposed to be impregnable. For s long time past attention has been called to the short returns of ca3h made by the driver el ho. 12 'bus, Tanning between Melbourne and North Fitzroy. It was determined by "he road manager of the company to make vn attempt to disoover the reason, and on Thursday night two marked coins were put into the box by Detective Dudden and soother person. These coins were subse quently found in the driver's pocket and in the change box. Detective Berrill eaid that the mode of abstraction was entirely original, and the prisoner, on the application ol tho police, was remanded for a week. " Atticue," in this week's issue of The £«wer, remarks " Some weeks ago the Merchant Shipping and Underwriters' Asao- cunoa issued a series of resolutions casting grave imputations upon the Melbourne Ave rage Adjusters, more especially in respect of 'errors' which. were said ' to have caused lo3» and inconvenience to tho mercantile commu nity.' The names of five vessels were given in illustration of the charge. It is not to be sup posed that these exbanst the list, bnt then the selection had an impartial look. Two of tho statements had been prepared by an old and experienced adj aster, one by a gentle man since deceased, and the remaining two by a distinguished politician who, when not employed in a legislative capacity, derives consolation in auditing and average- stating under tho patronage oi the elite of the West Melhgurne constituency. The gentleman first referred to promptly and vigorously met the charge, and compelled the committee to acknowledge that m re spect to his statements error did not exist. The dead man cannot remonstrate. But tbe politician maintains a discreet silence. Why- is this ? Does he acept the censure, and admit his work to be so faulty that he shnns inquiry? He has done, a great deal of it, thanks to his opulent patrons, who appear to have been more tlioughtfnl of his interests then of those of their consignors, and the two cases in question do not cover by a long way all that have bean challenged as faulty. The committee, in their sympathy, did everything in their power to soften the blow by lugging in others to share the blame, but that shabby little dodge has failed, and the disappointed politician mast now, nnless he can purge himself of tbe charge, endure tbe additional mortification of buying to stand alone in the pillory erected by the Merchant Shipping and Underwriters' Asso ciation, and bear the imputation of having brought an honorable profession into dis repute, and of having ' caused loss nnd in convenience to the mercantile community.' " Burglaries in the Collingwood district are becoming quite common. In addition to those already reported, the Sir John Franklin Hotel, Victoria-parade, was broken open on Thursday morning, and some spirits and tobacco stolen out of the bar. An entrance was effected, through a window on the ground floor. Early yesterday morning the Grace Darling Hotel, Smith-street, was broken into, and the bnrglars in this instance stole £1, which had been left in the till in the bar, and wearing apparel rained at £3 10s. Tho thieves entered the premises by a window in the rear premises. At the Williamstown Police Court yester day, nineteen parents and guardians of chil dren were summoned by the trnant in spector, under the compulsory clause of tho Education Act, for neglecting to send their children to sohool. The excuses offered were numerous, bat the bench imposed a fine of 5s., with 2e. Gd. costs, or forty-eight hours' imprisonment in each. case. Ada Cox wns charged at tho City Court yesterday with receiving stolen property- belonging to Mrs. Batten, residing at West Melbourne. The evidence showed that about £70 had been Btolen from the prosecu trix, and the bench committed the prisoner for trial. Two women who were supposed to be accomplices of the ancused in other robberies were remanded to Coiliugwood. James Corrigan was brought before the City Benoh yesterday, charged with stab bing Constable Brennan, The constable said that the prisoner was creating a disturbance in the street, and he attempted to arrest him. When doing so, the prisoner drew a knife and stabbed him three times, but none of tbe wounds were serious. The prisoner was committed for trial at the next sittings of the Central Criminal Court. At half-past four o'clock yesterday morn ing the body of a male child was found on the side of the road leading from Hotham to Footscray. The deceased was evidently about three months old. There were no marks of violence upon the body, which was wrapped in a white calico napkin, white flannel wrapper, white gown and portion of a woman's underclothing. The deceased, it is thought, had been dead about twenty- four hours when found. - Lost evening a meeting of members of the newly formed Assurance Brokers' Associa- tion was held at the Union Club Hotel, Collins-Btreet. Mr. W. H. Tuckett occupied the chair. Copies of the rules of tho asso- oiation were laid upon the table, together with the report of the provisional committee, and their consideration was deferred until next meeting. The secretary, Mr. .T. B. Simmonds, read the names of a number of new members, and the meeting termi nated. The following arrangements to regulate the street traffic to-night during the progress of the torchlight procession, in connection with the moonlight concert in the Botanical Gardens, have been made by the police. Tho procession will start from the fire brigade station iu .Little CollinB-street, and will proceed along Swanstou-street, across Prinoe's-briuge. All traffic in Swanaton- street during the progreas of the procession will be suspended. Leah Day, for many years housekeeper in the vice-regal household, h«3 shown her attachment to her mistress by making that lady her executrix, whilst she has appointed Major Pitt executor. This old and faithful servant leaves in this colony property amounting to £700, to which probate was granted on Thursday. A concert will be given by Mademoiselle Olga Duboin, in the Town Hall, on Monday, evening, at popular prices. Mademoiselle Duboin will play several piano solos, including selections from Mendelssohn's songs with out words ; My Stars, My Love, by Tiral- berg ; and the Butterflies, by Prudent (ex ecuted on the black keys only ). Miss Wool- dridge, Air. Wliitworth and Signer Ortori will take part in the concert. The first matinee to be given in connection with D'Arcy Read's ghost exhibition will take place this afternoon, at the Athena-urn, at half- past two. A special performance haB been prepared for the occasion, which will include tho latest novelty — Tobin's Phantasm. ' A grand moonlight concert in aid of the funds of the blind and deaf and dumb insti tutions will tako place this evening, in the Botanical Gardens. A well-selected pro gramme, under tbe direction of Hcrr Julius Sicda, will be performed. At tbe Academy of Music this evening the comic opera Girofle-Girofia will be performed for the first time this season. The picture gallery at the Public Library trill be Closed fur clsanlua on .Monday, until further notice. The Goldtn Crown will tnako her early return trip On Monday morning nuxt, for the lir.-.t time this sea son, reachint- Snndrldgc early enough for business. Ihe quarterly meeting of the St. JusephV branch, H.A.C.B. Society, Collitiewood, will be held on Mon day evening, and that of tho St. Francis' branch on Wednesday evening. Tho Ylctortau Horticultural Improvement Society's monthly meeting will be held on Thursday next, when Mr. Howlett will road a paper on Cottage Gardening-, Its I'leasures and Benefits. M'Neill's Melbourne Art Union will he drawn Gn Friday evening next, In proportion to the number of Bhare3 eold, there being but onc- tourth of the uaia disposed of. .Prizes are now on view. The report 'of the Lying-in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for the week end- i ug 6th December leas follows: — ifipatlenwinhoaplta!, 9 admitted during tho week, 17 discharged, 1 died, 37 remain in hospital; total number of out- patient for the week, 1-19 ; new cases, 25. The prospectus of the Victoria Steam Packet Com pany has been Issued. Tne company propose to raise a capital of £50,000, for the purpo-eof building a paddle wheel steam vessel capable oi carrying loio passen gers. and able to steaia twentv- miles an hour. The steamer is Intended for the development of the Bay trade, but is to be able to proceed to sea if required. The city organist will pluy tbe following addi tions this evening at olght o'clock, name.y:— Overture. La Dame Blanche, boieldlcu;Oarotte,iu(i, Sydney Smith; fantasia on American melodies, artauged by David Lee ; (by special desire), grand march, Mllitolre, Klmptun ; oratorio selection) Creation, Haydn— viz., air — With verdure clad, chorus— ihe heavens are telling. Mr. Matthew Burnett will conduct a temperance meeting at the Sandridge Town Hall nt three p.m. to-day,'for the benefit of the children of South Sana, ridge. ' In the evening his lost mass meeting will be held in the Market Reserve, oil Boy-street, 'ihe Com. inissloner of Public Works will preside. Afterwards a temperance entertainment wilt take place in the Saauridge Town Halt. .Mr. Burnett's, miision to Satidrldgo will terminate on Tuesday naxt. The favorite steamer Williams will commence her regular tripe to Queemclill ana Forteea tnle alter- nooo. starting from the Sandridge Railway Pier at nail-past one p.m. The Williams is advertised to leave Queenscllrt at twenty minutes to seven a.m. on Monday mornlug, ec as to enable passongera to arrive in Melbourne at the opening of business hours. A Sunday afternoon trip to Mordlalloc is to be made, weather permitting, starting from Sandridge at half- past two p in., and leaving Mordlalloc at five p.m. Miss hlpliinstone Dick having returned to Mel bourne Is resuming her useful labors at St. Kildo, Her visit to England was for the express purpose of gaining a practical knowledge of hygleuegymnaatlcsuucer tho tuition of tho eminent London phyrioiau Dr. Roth, who is celebrated fur ids success iu curing remediable de formities by the application of Ling's system of ' Movements." It is Miss Dick's lu-eutlon tn open a gymnasium for ladies and children in Melbourne, for those who are suffering from curvature of the epiue or other deformity. Miss Dick will have special ap pliances. Mr. Ht-nry Blackett Fonter, a native of this citv, who succeeded last year In carrying off Mr. Beauc/s First Silver Medal for Operative Surgery, has, after acquir ing experience during the past twelve months in St. Thomas's Hospital, L.-ndon, been successful, at the recent examinations. In securing the following de grees Licentiate of the Faculty of Physician and Burgeons of Glasgow, and Licentiate of Midwifery of the same body ; uiso Licentiate of Midwifery, nnd a Licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians of Edin burgh. His earlier training was effected iu tho Mel bourne Hospital and the Medical School at Me'.- bourne. A fine collection of paintings formed by Mr. C. J. Bury, whicli have been on exhibition next to the Baptist Church, Collins-street, for seine time past, are to be sold by Messrs. Uemmell, Tuckett and Co. on Monday. The collection. coutalns many fine example " Of the most rising and promising artists of Great Britain, as welt as "there by men of well-earned repn- llon. The picture by it. Kemm, Tne Spanish Guitar, It s Sat study of color, A large laodscapo, On tbe. TamtBtl, iiv J. Adam ; s pleasing grey landecspa. bv A. Mavsmlth ; A Cornfield, byGo«ling; two poetical Coast Scene, by RoUo ; pictures by Herring, Linton, V,"cbb, S. Hart, Peiham, Lee, Koe. Fowler, Nieman and others, together with ' n very fine lot of water- .color drawings, make up achoieeccllcction. The usual weekly meetiat of tbecomnilltee of manage ment of the Immigrants' Aid Society woshsld yesterday, at tho Collins-street Baptist Church lecture hall. The state of the house was reported as follows:— Num ber remaining last week, GOG; admitted since, S3; discharged, 43 ; die J, 2 (from epileptic fits, James Bates, serenlv-six years, native " London ; from phthisis, William K-ng, fifty-six years, native of Lon don) j rsmainin-g, 3rd men. 152 women, and 120 children— in all, 602. At tho semo time last year there were 234 men. 141 women, and 100 children, 'there are 1'.'; men, 33 women and 10 children sick ;5 men Btnnehrcaking; 14 bag making, 163 oakum pick ing, ,kc.; and 9 working outside; 12 women in tho inundry ; iG -ewing ; Oi halr-tes«inc, Ac, The nightly average of casuals during the week was 1G miles and S females. Qutdoor relief was given to 7 families, or 20 individuals, on presenting the re'ief cards of the society. In correspondence a letter received frpra the hen. the Treasurer was read, in which it was inti mated that no further instalment of tho vrant would he payable until the end of the year. Tho committee Laving already incurred liabilities over £2000, it was lesolrcd, in vice- „f the financial condition cf the society, that the nrescnt number of imna'.es he re duced hy ICO, and'untll other arrangements be made by the Government r.o more admissions into any por tion of the home. 