FIRE AT M'CULLOCH AND COM PANY'S STORES. (FROM THE PASTORAL TIMES.) On Tuesday afternoon between one and two o clock, a dense volume of smoke was seen to be issuing from the offices of Wm. M'Culioch and Co., limited, in Napier street. A number of persons were quickly on the spot, and it was found that the build ing which was of weatherboard was on fire inside, and that the flames had gained such a hold on the building that was little chance of saving it, or for removing the contents. Mr. Steers, the manager for Permewan Wright and Co., and Mr. Davies, of the Railway Hotel, were among the first to observe the fire, and we hear that the former gentleman opened tho door but finding the interior to be on flames immediately closed it again. Shortly after this Mr. Weavers one of the clerks employed by tho M'Culloch Company, endeavoured to gain an entrance by the back way with the view of removing the books but finding the task to be impossible had to beat a hasty retreat. In a very short time the flames had burst through the roof and walls and were extending to the bonded store, a large galvanised iron building immediately behind the oflices. At this time the fire engine with about a dozen members of the Volunteer Fire Brigade under the command of the lieutenant, arrived on the scene, and could a supply of water have been obtained immediately, there is little doubt but that the store would have been wholly saved, or at any rate would have sustained but trifling damage. The first attempt to obtain water was from a well on the opposite side of the street, but the suction pipe supplied with the engine was not of sufficient length to reach the water, and a second attempt to obtain a supply from the railway tanks was rendered equally futile in consequence of there not being enough hose to reach the distance. Attention was then directed to three 400 gallon tanks containing water which happened to be standing on a railway truck nearer to the offices, and from here a supply was obtained as a start for the flre engine and in a few minutes the hose began to play with effect upon the flames, and from this out the water supply was kept up until the fire was extinguished. During the time thus delayed the flames had obtained a firm hold on the store. The danger which threatened this building, however had not been over- looked, and plenty of willing, if not very gentle hands, were laboring with perhaps a little more zeal than discretion in removing the goods, and in a very short time the store was denuded of its contents, with the exception of some wire, and they were removed to Payne's stores on the other side of the street, some of the packages being to all appearances, considerably damaged by their hasty removal. Tho quantity of goods in the stora did not appear to be very great. The Fire Brigado worked hard, and eventually succeeded in extinguishing the fire. The offices were totally destroyed; one half of the store contiguous to the offices, and separated from the bonded portion by a partition, was much injured, and most of it will have to come down, but owing to the exertions of the Brigade very little damage was done to the other half of the building. As to the cause of the fire nothing is known. Mr. Macallum, the auditor of the company had commenced to audit the accounts in the morning, and left about one o'clock for lunch, as did also the manager and the accountant, one of the clerks (Mr. Oldham) and a lad being left in the office. These subsequently left for different purposes, and it was during their absence that the fire was discovered. At first it was reported that all the books were destroyed, but we are glad to learn that this is not the case. The ledger was subsequently found among the debris, somewhat damaged by fire, but with all the accounts intact, with the exception of a few sundries. A portion of the cash book was also found, damaged by both fire and water; this had been audited, and the ledger had been posted up before the fire occurred. The lorry books were out at the time and the commission book relating to the up country busines with carriers, which was usually kept in the office, had in anticipation of the half-yearly balance been sent across to the office at the railway sheds to have the charges filled in, and thus escaped the conflagration. We understand that the books saved will enable the company to set their accounts right, and that they will not suffer in this respect beyond the temporary trouble and inconvenience which will of course be occasioned. AN ITALIAN FANATIC.—London, August 24.—The Rome correspondent of the Times gives an account of Grossett, tho fanatic, and the circumstances of his death. Lazza retti declared himself to be Christ come again, and had chosen twelve apostles. On the morning of the 18th instant, this prophet, at the head of about 2500 followers, started for the village of Arcidosso. His purpose, it is said, was not peaceful. One hundred believers dressed in white tunics like ancient Jewish priests led tho column. At their head walked David, attired in a half-ponticfi cal costume with a diadem on his head and an iron-studded club in his band. The pro cession sang a hymn with the refrain " Long live God and tho Christian .Republic; praise be to Christ come a second time on earth." The mob was met half way by a delegation of the police, accompanied by nine car bineers, who wa-ned them to disperse. Upon this David cried, " I am King," and ordered his followers to disarm tho soldiers. As ho spoke the police were fired upon, and a shower of stones followed. Again tho dele gates gave the requisite warning to disperse, which was followed by the prophet aiming a blow at him with his club. Tho police then, finding themselves surrounded, opened fire, and among the first to fall was tho prophet, shot full in the forehead. His followers, seeing their leader fall, gave way. DEATH OF AN OLD COLONIST.—Letters have been received by the San Francisco mail, the Argus regrets to learn, announcing that Mr. Somerville Learmonth died in London on the 4th August. Mr. Learmonth was an old and respected colonies, whose liberality will be long remembered. He was a member of the firm of T. and S. Learmonth, who owned Ereildouno Station, near Ballarat, which they sold tome years ago to Sir Samuel Wilson. They were also tho pro prietors of the Egerton mine, which formed tho subject of an equity suit which excitod considerable notice a year or two ago. They wore besides largely interested in squatting properties in IJiverina. Mr. Somer ville Learmonth went to liugland shortly after the conclusion of tho mining suit. THE RAILWAY DEPARTMENT.—Mr. Woods (says the Telegraph) declares the whole ten dency of public feeling, as represented by members of the Assembly, supporting the Government, is that the Railway Department should carry everything for nothing and then show a balance on the right hand side at the end of the year. Mr. Hunt had asked that the plant of a prospecting mining com pany in his district might be carried at a reduced rate. The Commissioner flatly refused to do fiiip, as the concession would lead to demands from all similar companies in the colony. lie instanced the fact that because ministers of religion attending con ferences of their denomination in Melbourne were permitted, if a Sunday intervened, to travel to their respeclivo homes to conduct service free of charge, all the clergyman of all denominations in tho colony at once sent in applications for free passes to travel free where and when they like. He was de termined to put a stop to making isolated concessions of tho character asked for alto ge: her. MINING ACCIDENT.—Two men were buried (says the Ballarat Courier) in a small drive in the Scarsdale claim on Wednesday, by a fail of greasy clay. The men were named Cornelius Mahoney and John M'Cosker. Mahohey was got out. His injuries are not known, but he was able to walk. M'Cosker was alive, and his head clear, but two sets of timber had to be removed to extricate him. THE PRAHRAN GHOST.—Some fool in Prahran (says the Herald) has been perso- nating a ghost during the last week, and a mischievous one at that. On Tuesday night, about eleven o'clock, he appeared to a married woman, residing in a small street off the railway, clothed in a long white dress, and frightened her into hysterics. The matter was reported to the police, but on Thursday night the serio-comic farce was repeated, when, in Chapel street the "ghost" started up in front of a fellow half seas over, who showed no fear of possible spirits, and made light. His ghostship then drew some blunt instrument from his breast, and foiled the man he had attempted to frighten with a blow which blackened both his eyes. It is more than possible that the offender will be caught and if so a dose of "cat" may act as a curative. THE DEATH OF MR. WOODS.—By the Cali tornian mail particulars have been received attending the death of Mr. Woods, the well known brewer, at Scarborough, England. It appears that tho deceaseu gentleman, in company with a son and two friends, ivas bathing on tho sands opposite tho hotel in which ho wan stopping, and on coming from tho water, ho said, " Oh, dear, it's very cold," and immediately fell down, as it proved, dead. His son ran to the hotel for a doctor, and some restorative stimulants, but on his return, life was found to be extinct. ANNUAL SPRING SHOW.—The Bendigo Agricultural and Horticultural Society's Annual Spring Show is to tako place on the 23rd and 24th inst. The last day for entries of live stock is the ICtii inst., and for other exhibits 19th instant. THE NEW GUINEA SCHEME—Mr. Dods and his coadjutors must feel deeply aggrieved at the want of sympathy (lis played by the people's Ministry with his efforts to "annex New Guinea." Referring to tho petition presented to tho Assembly some time ago, Mr. Berry on Thursday said it was not intended to take any steps towards tho annexation of tho island to Victoria. Tho announcement was received with satisfaction by the House. THE MAN HIMSELF.—A good story of a squatter comes to the Melbourne correspon dent of tho Warrnambool Guardian from Riverina. In that district resides one of the meanest and richest wretches in these colo nies. Of land he has over 100,000 acres, of money no end, but he lives the life of a miser, and is seen on his own station in blue shirt and moleskins. Tho postoffice authori ties deliver a special mail bag at his place. Recently a new driver went upon the line, and when he stopped at the slip-panel, where the mail bag was to be delivered, a commonly-dressed wizened old man was there to receive it. "So you're old——'s man?" asked the driver, "Yes," was the reply. "Well, here's old ——'s bag," said the Jehn. " How is it that you stop with him? I'm told he's the ugliest, meanest, dirtiest old cur in Riverina." "Nae doot, nae doot," replied the blue-shirted one, "he's a very bad mon." "Ah! you're a countryman of his," said the driver, "that accounts for your stopping with him." "More than that," was the reply. " A relative?" queried tho driver. "No," was the.reply, "I'm Mr. —— himself." More I need not say. QUEER TESTIMONIALS.—The good folk of Jindera would appear to have rather a crude idea of what is best suited for a testimonial. On Saturday, (says the Border Post) we were shown two "testimonials" which are intended for presentation, one to Mr. G. Day, M.P., and the other to Mr. M'Elhone, M.P., by the people of Jindera. The articles are simply flat pieces of zinc, or lead, or some composition about two feet long, by eighteen inches broad. They are cut in the shape of ancient escutcheon and on one side was painted, or rather daubed, some of the most grotesque figures, purporting to be horses, cattle, agricultural implements, etc., that it has ever been our lot to see. For instance in one corner may be seen a snake curled round a hayrake, while immediately above it is a lusus naturae in the shape of a goat with five legs. Then there are hideous daubs representing ploughs, horses, and even what appear to be wild animals, unknown in Australia. Across the centre of the plate the inscription "Remember Jindera" appears, and we venture to say that neither Messrs. Day. or M'Elhone will ever do otherwise while these eccentric gifts remain in their possession. If the Jindera selectors wish to further recognise the services of those two gentlemen they should do so in a proper way, and not injure their own reputation for liberality and good taste by tendering a couple of pieces of wretchedly daubed tin as a reward for legislative labors. At the election for Newcastle-under-Lyne, tho Liberal candidate defeated 'the Conserva tive by a majority of 340. . HAUT'S Daylesford Asthma Cure, for. sale at FAIUTHOKNE, Chemist, High-street, Echuca. . 