THEATRE ROYAL. The grand old favourite tragedy ' Macbeth' took the place of ' Henry JTV.' at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, when a good house assembled to witness its d reduc- tion, tne gauery especially being densely packed. The piece was placed upon the stage in an unusually effective manner, and it was easy to see that in the improved arrangements the experience of the veteran actor and manager had been called ipto play. Mr. Creswick assumed the title role in the artistic and finished manner that is always expected from him. The contrast between the character of the treacherous Thane and that of the swaggering, rollicking, bragga docio Falst&fi; is so marked as to prove the claim of the man who can adequately portray both to beconsideredafirst-classall-roundactor. Though the part taxed his physical powers to a consider able degree, Mr. Creswick succeeded admirably in portraying the various phases of the mind of the cruel murderous usurper. He plainly depicted the man's physical bravery and mental cowardice, and in the more telling passages entirely carried his audience with him, so that he was repeatedly recalled and loudly applauded. The star was admirably supported by Miss Carry George as the unscrupulous, unreasoning, wicked woman Lady Macbeth, who, her ambition once fired, never pauses to think of any con sequences nor cares what may ensue so that she attain her ends. Miss George was frequeutly greeted with tokens of approval in telling portions of the play, and was also recalled Mr. Holloway -svaa vigorous and dressed well as Macduff. Mr. Martin was well made up and dignified as King Duncan, and Mr. Reynolds fairly effective as Malcolm. The other dramatis persona were represented as follows : — Donal- blain, Miss Featherstone ; Banquo, Mr. R. W. Lawrence ; Fleance, Miss Tilly Francis ; Rosse, Mr. A. F. Grantleigh ; Lennox, Mr. W. Medus ; Seyton, Mr. Frank Forbes ; Physician, Mr. C. S. Irvine ; 1st Witch, Mr. John Owen ; 2nd Witch, Mr. Gladstone; 3rd Witch, Miss Kate Arden ; 1st Murderer, Mr. Charles ; 2nd Murderer, Mr. Martin Forde ; Hecate, Miss Lottie Graham ; 1st Singing Witch, Miss M*ggie Knight; 2nd Singing Witch, Miss Lillian Forde ; 3rd Sinking Witch, Miss Grace ; Gentlewoman, Miss Grace Hathaway. Locke's beautiful music was well performed. As Hecate Miss Lottie Graham made a very suc cessfnl appearance, and her clear, well-cultivated voice was heard to the greatest advantage in the fine solo parts. So much were her vocal efforts tdmired that at the end of each of her solos there was a round of applause, and on one occa sion she was enthusiastically encored in the middle of the performance, and had to repeat the passage which so delighted her auditors. The honour is an unu*ual one under the circum stances, and certainly appeared a tHSe incongruous. In the mounting of the piece one of the most notable improvements was in the arrangement of the scene in the Castle of Inverness, which was made to appear 'ike tbe courtyard of a feudal castle, with mis ?ive main entrance, heavy stone gallery leading to the upper room?, and doorways opening off in various directions. A good effect was pro duced when Macduff sounds the alarm after the murder by the inmates streaminif out of the different doors and from the gallery above, where soldiers stand with lighted torches, and as the curtain descends the scene of the murder is displayed through a trans parency. The same method was employed in the second scene with th« witches, when the eight crowned figures were made literally to ' come like shadows, so depart' One nutter of arrangement we object to ; that is miking the ghost of Banquo appear and sit in the chair at tbe feast. As we have before said, when an apparition is supposed to be seen by one man alone out of a large company, it simply produces \ ridiculous effect to introduce a too palpable presence which is seen by the whole house. This scene may be made infinitely more telling if Macbeth addresses the empty chair, unless, indeed, the genuine ghost illusion as invented by Professor Pepper .-fiould be employed. ' Mac beth' will be repeated to-night and Tuesday evening, and on Wednesday will make room for ' Tfce Merchant of Tec ice.' Bev. Chakles Chrk.— We have received from Mr. J. B. Dobson an excellent photographic likeness of the Bev. Charles Clark, the distin guished lecturer. 