, CHAPiER XXVII. About noon the next day the. boys arrived at the,dead tree; they had come for their tools. Tom was Impatient to go to the haunted house; Huck was measurably so, also, bat suddenly said- .V "Looky here, Tom, do you know what day it is ; Tom' mentally ran over the days of the week and then quickly lifted his eyes with a startled look in them , . " My».l never'once thought of it, Huck 1" ; "WeH, I didn't, neither, but all at once it popped on to me .that it was Friday." . "Blame: it;- a body can't be too careful, Huck. We'might a got into an awful scrape, tackling such a thing on a Friday." "Might! Better say we would! There's some lucky days, maybe, but Friday ain't." I . .*. Any fool knows that. I don't reckon you | was the first thkt found it out. Hnck." .... . "Well, I never said I was, did I? And,I Friday ain't ail, neither. I had. a rotton bad dream last night-dreamt about rats." 41 No! Sure Bignof trouble. Did Ihey fight?" "No." " Well, that's good, Huck. When they don't fight, it's only a sign that there's trouble j around, you know. AM we cjot to do is to look 1 mighty sharp and keep out of it.. We'll drop I this thing for to-day, and play.' jDO you know j Robin Hood, Huck ?* " No. Who's Robin Hood ?" 1 u Why,.he was one of the greatest men that was ever in England-And the best. He waB a robber." " Cracky, I wisht I was. Who did he rob ?" i " Only sheriffs and bishops and rich people and kings, and Buch like. But he never bothered the poor. He loved 'em. He always divided up with 'em perfectly square." " Well, he must a ben a brick." "I bet you he. was, Huck. Oh, he waB the noblest man that ever was. They ain't any such men now, I can tell you. He could lick any man in England with one hatfd tied behind him; and he could take his yew bow and plug a ten cent piece every time, a mile and a half." " What's a yew bow ?" * " X don't know. It's some kind of a bow, of course. And if he hit that dime only on the' edge he would sit down and cry-and curse. But we'll play. Bobin Hood-it's noble fun. X'U learn you." "I'm agreed." ' So they played Robin Hood all the after noon, now and then casting a yearning eye down upon the haunted house and passing a remark about the. morrow's prospects and pos sibilities there. ; As the sun began to sink into the west, they*-- took their way homeward athwart the long shadows of < the trees, and soon were buried from: flight in the forests of Cardiff Hill. On Saturday, shortly after noon, the boys were at the., dead tree again. They had a smoke and a chat in the shade, and then dug a little in their last "hole, not with great hope, but merely because Tom said there were so many cases where people had given up a trea sure after getting down, within six inches of it, and then somebody else had comc along'and turned it up with a single thrust of a shovel. The thing failed this time, however,, so the bovB shouldered their tools and went- away, feeling that they had not trifled with fortune, but had fulfilled all the requirements that be long to the business of treasure-hunting. When they reached the haunted house, there was something so.weird and grisly about the dead silence that reigned there under the baking sun, and something so depressing about the loneliness and desolation of the place, thnt they were afraid, for a- moment to venturo iu. Then they crept to the door and took a trem bling peep. They saw a weed-grown, floorless room, unplastered, an ancicnt firo-pluce, vacant windows, a ruinous staircase; and here, there, and everywhere, hung ragged and abandoned cobwebs. They presently entered softly, with quickened pulsos, talking in whispers, ears -alert"to catch'the filighteat^sound/ojidmuBcIea' tense and ready for instant letreat. In a little _ while familiarity modified their fears and thoy gave the place a critical and' interested examination, rather admiring their own boldness, and wondering at it, too. ? Next | /.hey wanted to look tip stairs. This was aome »ng like cutting off retreat, but they got to I dan. n£ eac^ other, aud of course there could be butiO*1®.result-thoy throw their; tools into.a corner made the ascent.. Up there were the fame of decay. . In one corner thoy found a clot'efc that promised mystery, but the promise wus -a fraud-there ?vas nothing in it. Their courage %"vua up now, mid well in 'baud. They were about go down -.and begin, work when- : f'ShtT1 said Tom.1 "<Wbat is it?"' whispered rluCiV, blnnohing with fright. . . * "Sh! Thcro! IIearit!"> "ITesJ Omyl Let's run!" . "Keep still! Don't you biulgoT Xhcy'ro coming right towards the door." ' Tho boys stretched tin nuelrcs upon tho floor with their eyes to knot-holes in" tlio planki?n£j audi lay waiting in a misery of fear.. . \ ?' \- "jThey've stopped-no-comings- He^o they arc. Don't whisper another word, Hook* Myigoodness! I wish I was outof this f . Two men entered. Each -boy said to him*, ?eelf: \ - ???$ - . '? ?? " There's the old deaf and dumb Spaniard! that's been about town onco or ' twice lately never saw t'other man before." " T'other* was a ragged, unkempt creature,, with ^nothing very pleasant in his face. Thoi Spaniard was wrapped in a serapo; he had I bushy whito whiskers, long white hair flowed! from under his sombrero, and he wore green* goggles. '; When- they came in, . t'other *wae* talking in a low voice; they sat down on Khev ground, facing the-door, with their backs fcn the? wall, and the speaker continued his ro~ marks. His manner became Jess guarded and* his words more distinct as he proceeded: ".No," said he,. " I've thought .it all over, and I don't like it. It's dangerous." . " Dangerous 1" grunted the " deaf and dumb" Spaniard, to the vast surpriso of tho boys. "Milksop!" . This voice made the boys gasp and quake. It was Injun Joe's! There was silence for some time. Then Joe said: " What's any more dangerous than that job up yonder-but nothing's come of it." "That's" different. Away up tho river so, and not another house about. 'T won't ever be* . known1 that we tried, anyway, long as didn't succeed." " Well, what's more dangerous than coming here in the daytime ?-anybody would suspicion us that saw us." "I know that. But there wasn't othor place as handy after that fool of a job. I want to quit this shanty. :I wanted to yesterday, only it wasn't any use trying to stir out of here withi those infernal boys playing over there on the hill right in front view." : ' " Those infernal boys " quaked.again under the inspiration of this remark, and thought how lucky it waB that they had remembered it was Friday and had concluded to wait a day. They wished in their hearts thoy had waited a ' year.-J The two men got out some fuod and made a luncheon. After a long and thought ful silence, Injun Joe said : " Look here, lad, you go back up the river where you belong. Wait thero till you hear from-me. I'll take the chances on dropping: into this town just onco more, for a look. We'll do that "dangerous" job after I've spied . around a little , and things look well for it. Then for Texas!' We'll leg it together!" This was satisfactory. Both men presently fell to yawning, and Itijun Joe said: "." I'm dead for sleep; It's your turn to watch." He curled down in the weeds and soon began to snore. His comrade stirred him once or twice, and ho became quiet. Presently the watcher began to nod ; bis head dropped lower and lower; both meu begun to snore now. The boys drew a long grateful breath. Tom whispered: . " Now's our chance-come!" Huck said: " I can't I'd dio if they was to wake." Tom urged-Huck held back. At last Tom rose slowly and softly, and started alone. But the. first step he made. wrung such'a hideous creak from tho, crazy floor' that he sank down almost dead with fright. He never made a second attempt. The boys'lay there counting the dragging moments till it seemed to them that time must be done'and eternity growing grey; and then they were grateful to note that at last the sun was setting. ' Now one snore ceased. Injun Joe sat up, stared around-smiled grimly upou his com rade,, whoso head was upon his knees-stirred him up with his foot and said " Here! You'ro a watchman, ain't you!" V All right, though-nothing's happened." " My I Have I been asleep "Oh. parti}', partly. Nearly timo foruB to be moving, purd. What'll we do with what little swag we've got left ?" . , . "I don't know--leave it hero as. wo've always done, I reckon. No use to take it away till we start south. Six hundred and fifty in silver's something to carry." , 11 Well-iill right-it won't matter to como here again." "No-but I'll say come in the night as we used to do-it's better." " Yew, but look hero; it inay bo a good while before I get tho right chance at. that job; acci dents* might happen, 'taint in such a vory good place; we'll just regularly bury it-and bury it deep." " Good idea/' said tho comrade, who walked across tho room, knolt down, raided one of the rearward hearthstones, and took out a bag that jingled pleasantly, ilo subtracted from it twenty or thirty dollars for himself and as much for Injun Joe, and passed the bag to tho latter, who was on hm knees in the corner, now, digging with hia bowie-knifo. The boys forgot all their fears all their mise ries in an instaut. With gloating eyes they watched every movement. Luck!-the splon dour of it was beyond all imagination! Six hundrod dollars was monoy enough to makohalf a-dozou boys rich I Hero was treasuro-hunting undor tbo happiest auspices-thoro would not bo any bothersome uncertainty as to where to dig; Theynudged each other, every moment -eloquont . nudges and easily understood, for thoy simply meant, " Oh, but ain't you glad now wo'rbhero!" * JOO'b knifo struck upon somothing. ' " Hello!" said ho. ««What is it, said his comrade. . ; JIalf-rottcii plauk-no, it'subox, I boliovo. Here, boar a hand, and woTl HCO what it's hero for.; Novor mind, I've broke a hole." JIo reached his hand in and drow it out. . .« Man, it smonoy!"" The two men examined tho handful of coins. Thoy were gold. - The boys above were as excited as themselvefl, and us delighted. Joe's comrado suid: "?We'll make quick work - of this. Thore's un old rusty pick over HTuongst tho weeds in the corner, the othorsido of the fire-place-I saw jt-a inmuto ago." ?«Ho ran and brought tho boys'pick and shovel. Injun Joo took the pick, looked it over critically, shook his head, muttered some thing to himself, und then began to use it. Tho box was soon unearthed. It was not very largo: it wris iron-bound and had been vory strong before tho slow years had injured it. The tuen contemplated the treasuro awhile in blissful silence. ? - i .-."Pard, there's thousands of dollura here," said Injun Joe. ^ 14 'Twas always said that Murrel's gang used around hero one summer," the stranger ob served. .< ? : ?> -= * : "I know it" said Injun Joo; " and this looks liko it, I should suy." "Now you won't need to do that job." ' Tho haif-brecd frowned; Said ho: You don't know me.- Least you don't know all about that thing. 'Taint robbery altogether-it's rovengo!" and a wicked light flamed in liis eyes. "I'll need your help in it. . When it's finished-then Texas; Go home to yourNanco and your kids, and stand by till yon hear from mo." " Well, if you say so. What'll wq do with this-bury it again ?" 44 Yes'' (ravishing dolight overhead). "No! by tho great Sachem, no! (profound distress overhead). I'd nearly forgot. That pick had fresh earth on .it' (Tho hoys were sick with terror in a moment.) « What .business has a pick and ashovel hero? What business with fresh earth on. thnn Sv Who brought them here, und whore are they gone 1" Havo you heard anybody-seen anybody ? AVhat 1 bury it again and > lvavo them to corno and see the ground disturbed ? Not oxactly-not exactly. AVe'li take it to my den." . . a Why,-fof course!'" Might have thought of Ibat before. You mean number one ?" 'V No-number two-under the cross. The »thor place is bad-too common." ? . . M All right. . It's . ne.trly - dark enough to . start." - > . - . Injun Joo got up and went about from win dow to window, cautiousl}' peeping out. l're sunlly ho said: . " Who could havo brought theso tools here ? Do you rockon thoy can be upstairs?" I ho boy s breath foisook- them. InjunJoe put .his hand on his knife, halted a moment, undecided, and then turned towards .the stuir .. way. .The boys thought of the'eloaot, but theii wUen^th Wiiti gone. Tho steps came creaking tip the stairs-the intolerable distress of the ? Mlnuiion woko the . striukeu. resolution of the luils-they were about to spring.for the closet, when there was a cra*h of rotten timbers, and Injun Jou landed on the ground amid the debris of the ruined .stairway. He gathered himself op cursing, and his comrades Baid: " Now what's tho use of all that? If it's anybody, and they'ro up there let them stay tln.re-who care©? If they want to jump down, now, »nd get into trouble, who objects? It will be dark in fifteen minutes *-and then let thom follow us if they , want U>; 1m willing. In ;iny opinion, who ever hove those thing*. in hero caught a sight i»f us, and look us for ghosts or devils or some* thing. I'll bet they're running yet." . Joe grumbled awhile; then he agreed with his friend that what daylight was left oiiaht to he ccououii^ed iu. getting things .ready for leaving. Shoitly afterwards they slipped out of. tho lions*? in the deepening twilight, and nioved towuids tho river with their precious ?pom and II uck ro?o np, we;ik butvastly relieved, ami ht.ired after them through the chinks between tho logs of the hou*o. .'Follow? i ot t.hey-thuv were , content . to rcaeh the giuund again without Im.kon nooks, and take the towmvnrd truck over the hill. They did not lulk much, thoy were too much absorbed in hating themselves-hating the ill luck that niade them take the tpnde and pick there. But fur thai." Injun ,loo never would have MIS peeted, JIo wotild havo hidden tho silver with .. . thwi g«i]d to wait there till His "revengo" was . witu-fiod, and then he would hnvohad tho mis foituno. to find that money turn up misMrig. thiter, hitter luck that the tools were ever brought thero!; Thoy r.csolved to keop a look oat fdr tlmt'Spaniard when ho should conic to town spying out for chances to do his revenge ful job, and follow him to u number two," wherever that might be. Then a ghastly thought occurred to Tom: Uovenge ? What if he means us, Huek." Oh, don't," said Huek, nearly fainting, ihey talked it all-over, and as thoy entered town they agreed to believo that he might possibly moan somebody else-at least that ho lnii ^ast mean nobody but Tom, since only I oui had testified. Very, very small comfort it was lo Tom to u'ono. iu danger! Company would lo a palpublo improvement, ho thought. (To be continued.) 1 B.iV, Jun/Vnaid ono frioiul to nnolhor on neolii)^ " f hoar our friend.A. litis bccn.spccu* neavily; Iijih ho -rondo ari)*thiiiK ?" siiidJim; bo nmdo an assignment.'1 