OUR LONDON LETTER. (Kr.O.M OUR OWN" CORRESPONDENT,} London. Gth Junp Russia has proved less impracticable in nego tiation than was feared. Tho Congress is, after all, to meet to consider t'ne San Scephano treaty in its entirety. Berlin is tho place appointed for the meeting, and the date fixed is the 13th of the present month. Priuco Bismarck will, of course, preside. As for England, Jihe is to be represented by no smaller personages than Lord Beaconstield and the Marquis of Salisbury, assisted by the resident ambassador, Lord Oilo llussell. There are clouds still in the horizon, but the general feeling is that the worst of the storm-has spent itself, and that the atmosphere is clearing for a brighter and better future,. The Telegraph thinks—and in this point, at least, its views are • those of the majority of the public—that it would not he easy to find in the annals of recent diplomacy any more eucouraging proof of tho immense ad vantages which attach to the. thoroughly English policy of taking right and lionet ground in an historical crisis, and holding it tirmly . aud unfalteringly. "The enhanced hopss," it says,- "of peace which Europe at thin. ! moment enjoys—aud which arc noted in the | city by the fact of consols standing at a higher : level than; has: been touched far twenty-two, j years—are due beyond all controversy, am\ solely and singly to. the resolute, but cjuiec, manner in which Her Majesty's Government have laid hold of the indispensable principle 0f a just arrangement, aud have refused to depart one hair's breadth from its definition. It has teen maintained with aWlute success, and Europe now sees JRusiia brought back into thu path of legality and peace by the strong simplicity of British notion." so far, well. For the next low weeks we must 'arm ourselves with patience,' taking for what they may he worth any rumors of the success or otherwise of the negotiations that may reach ih.. It is by uo means unlikely that Lard Beacons tield may ere long dissolve Parliament, aud so get a direct expression of the opinion of tlie country upon his Eastern, pulley, Th# laying of the ghost of the Eastern Question by the tinat agre«meutof all tho Powers concerned would be a wisely choseR one for an appeal to the country. As to? iho liue adopted by the Opposition throughout the crisis perhaps the less said the better, and yot 1 cannot forbear giv ing an extract irom Mr. Gladstone's re cent article in the Nineteenth Century, in which the right hon. gentleman seems to h:\ve iairly lost his head. Speaking of the re moval of the Indian contingent ta Malta, lie ex claims, " Will India be content? can India be. content! ought ludia. ta Uo content! In distant; —and, to her children migoniai—climes, in lauds of usajje, tongue, religion wholly alicu— the llowef o» her youth is to bleed and die foc us, i\nd she will have no part but to suffer and oboy. This i3 injustice, gross and monstroui injustice, and those who are parties to its per petration must prepare for the result to which injustice leads." 'I'his is the tone of the entire article whietv^-style apart—reads more Vise the ravinga of a demagogue of the Keaealy type than the language of a veteran statesman. The articlo in question is, I see. to be made the sub ject o{ a motion in the* iioitse, Mr Han'oury having given noticq that he shall move that " in the opinion of this Rouse, this language oaths part of of Her Majesty's Privy Councillors! i^ lviuoh to bu condemned as highly inopportune, and calculated to create sedition in Jier Majesty's Indiau Army,'1 On Monday la&t; the Emperor of Germany was again shot, at, aud, this time, severely woundup He was taking his usutd afternoon drive, when two shots, were discharged at him from the. second li,oot window of a house in the Unter deu: Linden, He immediately sauk back in the car riage, Orders were at once given to drive to the palace, which he reached covered with blood. Tka gun was only loaded with small shot, aud it is doubtless to cliis circumstauee that the preservation of the life of his Majestv is due. More than thirty shots have been ex tracted. In a young aud healthy patient tiiu matter would present no particular gravity, but to an old man the shock, in the first instance, and the operation—or rather the series of opera tions—by wldch it h.'.d to be foil., .-:ed, makei the case (\ grave one. The latest bulletins are, hovyuvor, satisfactory. At Berlin the excite ment is of the iutenseat. As soon as the shots >fere fired, a rush w;V9 made (or the house from which they proceeded. Thu would-be murderer had, however, barricaded himself in, and, on the ctaor being forced, he shot at his assailant-?, aud then tried to commit suicide, but was pre vented, He turns out to ba * doctor o j philo sophy named Kobiling, a Socialist. He had hired tho room some little time before, evi dently with a view to commit tho crime in \fhioh he was within an ace ai succeeding. His wounds are very severe, and he is not expected to live. He refuses to denounce his accomplice-, but admits t;hae he had some. The l»lot fell on liim," \,ti says. Among those at whom he fired when his room was broken into was his inn keeper, who is hardly expected to recover. His jaw was broken by the shot, and has since had to be am^ut^ted. so that in the improbable eveut qf his, surviving he will never more be able to ipeuk. Tho German socialists would seem to Ve a. peculiarly venomous class of men, if ou*. K»ay judgo from the feelings they inspire. Kvei aiuce Nobiling's arrest, says the tcle£r:yi){>yBer lin has been in a chronic state, oij panic lest. emr.utes should break out and inaugurate a. period, however brief, of street fighting, pil lage, arson, and murder.. Every precaution of." a police aud military ohanv.'ter has, we are told,, j been taken by authorities to frustrate any revolutiouwy SiHempt, but the public uneasiness, is by V.O. means allayed, and it is 110 exaggera ; t,;on to say that among the wealthier classes 0011. j sternation prevails. I Another disaster to ironclads.—hsppUy tttougfS this time to none of ours. L„v-t Friday morning, as tho Konig William, thd Grosser Kurfnrst, and the Preussen—-three. at the (iuest frigates in the German ivwy—were passing within four miles of ^'oikestone, 011 their way to Gibraltar, th?. J^onig William, in manoeuvring to avoid rt bark, ray into the Grosser Kurfurst, and s-eut htr bodily down. 60 sudden was tho shuck that out of 500 men not nioro than £00 could ba saved, aud even these owed their preser vation to the altogether fortuitous circum stance of a number of fishing boats being at. hand.- For a time it was thought the Konig William would sink too, but her water-tight, compartments proved equal to their work and she managed, though not without difficulty., to reach tlie dock prepared for her at P;>nV mout'11. When, out of a squadron c,i three. vessels, one is suuk and others put/va.y$ de com bat, it is not easy to see what co.ii.Vl have hap-, peued much worse had the squadron been en gaged in a desperate struggle with an enemy.. The account given state exhibited by Uie hull of the K.oyig William, when docked. >s in struoti^ev Her ram," we are told, is. bent ovor to port to an angle of about furfcy degrees.. The stem is broken in two placcj?- the lower at the scarf connecting it with liv- lore piece of the keel, ami tho upper at the .••rmor shelf. The plates ou the starboard siile arc separated from the stem, their fare parts being torn away from it, and up.med out from 10 to 1'2 inches," and so fc,rUi. Tho general result is to leave a gaping wound, which, but for the speed and pre sence of mind displayed iu instantly closing the doors of tho eulkheads, would have inevitably Hvo caused the foundering of the vessel within a few minutes after the col lis',i.\n. This is hardly encouraging to such as rettcet that the Koiiig William "was one of the tiuc-st and m.oat perfectly-built vessels afloat, and that she w.u Qoivifcructed with a view to using her ram, to sink her opponents. Ths moral of the disaster would seem to W that ir-iiiciads of the existing type are hardly likely to be the warships of the future. Meanwhile, the wonder is why there should bo auv necessity for their getting in each other* way. One can understand collisions ou r&ijwaysand; on turnpike roads, or at the entrance to a port, but to the non-professional mind a channel twenty-uns miles ii\ t(idth at its narrowest point would scein, to offer sea room enough far any amount of bad seamanship, particularly as in the present case, when the sea was smooth as a inill-pond. Karl Russell dieil on tho 28th, in his year, and the evont has been made tho rext for a series, of interesting reviews of the half century in which he played a leading part. An offer of a public funeral in the Abbey was made to the family on behalf of the Government, but, in obedienco to the latest wishes of the deecasf.J, the QoinDliment was declined, and his remains consigned, on Tuesday last, to the family vault of the Bedford^, at Chenies, Hertfordshire. The memory of " Lord John " is hardly likely soon to fade from the minds of his countrymen, tor it is not too much to say that every enlightened measure passed during his long carcer found in him a warm partisan. To the present genera tion thvt may seem tame enough, but to that p.Sle it must not be forgotten that reformer meant traitor, and tolerance afeisra. Apropos of tho interesting reviews above- re ferred to, the Evening Staiulard—misled no doubt by some on? whoso watch, as Tallyrand would have observed* went, a little faster than that of hia fellows— committed the awkward blund,2if of not merely announcing tho death of tV.S venerable Earl a fortnight beforo it really occurred, but of publishing an ohituary iwtico of n couple of columns, or sot i'.\ which were set forth all the virtues and a.U the—not vices, ior he not seem to have lvu\ any—but shortetuiiing* of the decease^ statesman. Last Friday death, for the first tuiv* since the a^Vijataation of Mr. Percival by Bellingliam, visited the precincts of the House oi (.'oinniniis. Mr. Wykehain Martin,, ixj, P. for Kueji^U'r^ while sitting in ths library talking with a fi; '"*= on the nnusually audcLoa death that had jmfc occurred of Mr. Russell Gurney, M.P., all at once complained of a pain in the broast. Medi cal aid was called in, but to no purpose. In less than twenty minutes all was over. The news came upon the House with something like a shock, and was at once followed by an ad journment. This, with the death of Sir P. Goldsmid, makes the third painfully sud»len death that has occurred among the members of the Lower House of late. The Duchesa of Argyle died of apoplexy during the past week, and only a few days be fore Mr. Bright, M.P., lost his wife from the same cause. The obituary list of notabilities is furthor increased by the names of the Countesses of Newborough and Buckinghamshire, the Bareness Gray, and by that of the Bishop of Cork. The cruel and absurd restrictions placed on prisoners for debt by fussy olKcials have been happily relaxed, and the poor wretches are now only to be locked up in solitary confinement for a few hours, instead of during the greater part of their time. They are also allowed to receive and to send more than one letter per month, and so forth. There is a popular fiction abroad that imprisonment for debt is abolished, and 30 it is in theory, but then there is such things as "contempt," and if a man.fails to obey an order made for payment in a certain time, he is clapped in prison for this. Tho difference be tween the two systems is, no doubt, very great to tile legal mind. To that of outsiders it looks uncommonly like a distinction with out a dillereuee. Apropos of legal innovations that of the new divorce law is about one of the most rational I have heard of for a long time. It has not been passed before it was needed, and its provisions will relieve thousands of women from slavery worse than tiiat of the hulks. A brute guilty of beating aud kicking his wife may now be not only sentenced to six months' imprisonment, but at the end of that term a judicial separation can be granted to the wife, to whom the husband will be obliged to grant an allowance. The law was put in force for the lirst time 011 the 1st instant by the magistrate presiding at the Wandsworth Police Court, who, in passing sentence of six months' on a lighterman for wife-beating, informed the wife she could have a judicial separation at the expiration of the term. 1 don't know whether we are to have a second edition of the great Loudon police scandal on a smaller scale at Birmingham, but I should not be much surprised if this wore to be so. Accord ing to the local papers, matters there are in a very unsatisfactory state, and disclosures of an unusually painful character may be shortly looked for. When we think of the constant contact—and this of a semi-friendly description —in which the police are obliged to live, not only with rogues and vagabonds of the usuaL dirty, thriftless type, but of those superior to them in social culture and general position, the wonder is one does not more frequently hear of such cases. A policeman's hand must in the long run become aiibdued to that it works in every whit as much as the dyer's. The Australian team here have created quite a sensation in sricketing circles. They are simply carrying all before them, The l-euuwnsd Grace has had his stumps ignomiuiously scat tered by Spollbrth, "the demon bowler," as he, is called, anil consternation is iu our camp. Apropox of their victory over the Marylebone Club, Punch writes as follows :— The Australians came down like a wolf 011 the fold, The Mary'b'jne cracks for a trifle were bowled; Our Uraee before dinner was very soon done, And our Grace after dinner did not get a run, The British public, however, takes its lickings kindly. The team, after all, belongs to them, and they are proud of it. The oration it re ceived at Lords' beggars description, for over and above the enthusiasm excited by splendid play, there was the fueling of kindly welcome given to relatives who had come from afar to visit us. Tho question of manly sports reminds me that there was a conversation the other night in the Houso of Lords on the expediency of introduc es physical tests into the competitive • examinations for officers in tho army. Numbers of gallant young fellows are plucked every year (says Mr. Sala iu the Illustrated London News) and thus deterred from .serving their country simply through their .deficiency in "book learning," aud it is_ con ■, tended that, to equalise the chances of the lathletic dunces against the bookworms, a cer :taiu number of luai'lis should be attainable for iprolicieuey .in such physical attainments as ^swimming, leaping, walking, riding, etc. But \why not aiso wrestling, polo, rowing, cricket jug, aud especially boxing? Shaw, the life jguardsniati, had been a professional, pugilist (to k.c suro he was not a commissioned officer) and I10 killed at least half-a-dozen Frenchmen with his own hand at Waterloo. Captain Barclay, of Urv, was a gallant soldier as well as a wonderful pedestrian; and live days after winning his memorable wager of walking a -.thousand miles in a thousand consecutive hours, jia set out to join his regiment 111 the wretched Walohren expedition. Parliament will, I hear, shortly bo asked for a vote of £10,000 a year for the Duke of Oou liauvht 011 the occasion of his marriage. Of course this will be iu addition to his present al lowance of £15,000. Unless the matter is tikeu up by aome of the Irish obstructionists or by Mr. l'eier Taylor, the vote will be passed without a discussion. We have not been favored by the weather for tho Derby this year. The rain came down just as the race was beginning, and the coup .U'iei{ was completely spoiled by a forest oi dripping umbrellas. Tho French champion was unable to repeat his feat of tho previous Sunday, tvhen he carried oil'the prize at Chautilly, but he came in second, Sefton being lirst, and Chii'letjc third. The Prince and Princess of Wales tlle Dl,ke of Oouuaught, the Duke and Due.hess .<?/ Took, aud a numerous suite occu pied the iv.-jyai 