THE GHOSTS OF CHAT ELOUSSE. Talking about ghosts (said Jack Scott) the toughest time. I ever had with gentry of that sort was wheu I was travelling for Frost & Co. up in Canada. We were in the fur line, you know, and I happened to fall in with a gentleman by the name of Flint, w ho agreed to go acrons the country with me. He waB not at all the sort of fellow one would choose for a travelling companion, being extremely taciturn and grim ; but, apart from sharing expenses, there was the necessity for some sort of sympathy and affection in such a confoundedly bleak and for bidding country. Our sturdy team of Canadian horses took ub further and further from civi lisation ; hontelries of any sort were few and far between. Bat an honest sheep-dog would have been a jollier companion than Flint ; hiB thin lips couldn't seem to take the shape of a healthy laugh. Without divulging any commercial secrets, I told Flint what I could of my errand into this wilderness, hoping to gee some little confi dence in return. He did go so far as to hint that he also was connected with hunting and trapping, but he was extremely close mouthed and reticent Sb to particulars, and after little spurts of ohat on my part the conversation languished. The third morning of our jouroey we had a little controversy, Flint and I, about our route for the day. We wanted to get on to Chatelousse, where I had letters of introduc tion, and where Flint hoped to find out the whereabouts of a Monsieur Bernard, in whom I was also interested, an Flint had told me he had been a dealer iu skins.'' We were told there wai a short cut across the country, but it would be sifer, perhaps, to take the publio road. Flint was rather in favour of the latter plan, being of a cautious and prudent temperament; but although the words of our senior partner oame iuco, my head, tbey only seemed to push me the other way. ' Never take a by-path when you oan get a highway,' were the partiog words of Mr. Frost; but I considered them some of his oracular old-fogyisms. ' It's only twenty miles, Flint,' I said. ' Twenty of theBe Canadian miles,' he added. ' With fresh horses,' I went on ; 'and our host here has pointed Ub out the way.' 'Yes, yes,' said the innkeeper, 'straight ahead, gentlemen, till you aee a big cross set up at the end of a three-cornered field. Turn to the right, and you'll soou see a forest of fir- tree g that ia the beeinnincr of Chatelousse. and close ,nt hand liveB Adrian Bernard There is a Ihouse a little this way, messieurs that is all black and empty, and has about it the melancholy of tlie grave. It is — pardon me, messieurs — it is given over to the devil. They sav it is haunted.' 'Yes, yes,' broke in Flint, craning his neck eagerly forward; 'what is it about this house?' 'It is that a crime has been. oommitted there, messieurs — that lights are seen, quser noiBes are heard, groans *nd shrieks of terror. I have it for a fact that, night after night, the tragedy is repeated over and over again.' ' Let ub get on,' Baid Flint, ' iu the direc tion «f this house.' Six hours later we had reached a big bar of wood that had fallen and was plunged fathoms deep in the snow. As for roads, there were none, neither to the right nor the left: That imbecile of an innkeeper must have known that at this season of the year ordinary landmarks were obliterated. Wo had long since been gliding over an unbroken Burface of Bnow ; but dimly shadowed upon the horizon I had seen ihe forest of firs, and I pushed the jaded beasts onward. It was weary work, as we wero peroeptibly going up-hill. The short Canadian day waB drawing . to a close. If you wane an idea, my friends, of complete and utter desolation, take a cam pagnti of that sort when day is expiring at the hands of a pitiless and unrelenting night'; the vast sheet of white, unbroken by fence or foreBt, becomes In tha shifting and fading light like a pall drawn over a .dead world. From early morning we had not passed a roof or seen a living creature. The bitterness of cold was somewhat ameliorated, but this was another source of anxiety, as it hinted of snow, and to think of this was to shudder ; u snowstorm would be utter and irretrievable ruin. To add' to my alarm, I could no longer distinguish the line of fir-trees. ' This must be snow-blindneBS,' I said. ' Can you see those fir-trees, Flint ?' ' No,' he replied, calmly; 'I have not seen them for some time. They'll probably come in sight when we get to the top of this hill.' But having reached the eummit, and begin ning to descend, I said again, ' Can you see them now, Flint ?' ' No,' he replied. I reined in the horses, and got upon my feet. One nubroken, glittering desert of ?now surrounded us. Iu the ye.llow light of the western sky it glistened like the folds of. a snake; further on, under the stormy clouds that scudded along, it grew livid and steel coloured, and looked more horrible to ine than the wildest ahd blaokest of teas. At that moment a filmy partlole, soft ss down, touched my cheek. In an instant we Ware enveloped by the soft, white, aocursed flakes. '.'My God! Flint,' I cried, sinking back in the sled, 'we are lost I' ' I'm afraid so,' said Flint. , ; . ' Great heaven 1'. I exolaimed, ' our bones 'IU lie bleaching here for .months. Our families won't even know what has teoome of US.' 7 .... . ;..i ' ...' - . ' I haven't any family,' said Flint. , ' Neither have I, for that matter,' said I. ''But- -that' doesn't mako it any pleasauter, does it, io dis here like dogs f' j 'Of course not,' said Flint. ..'You'd better -take some brandy, ' - Scott. It's unfortunate; I'd like to have hunted: out. that Bernard, but it can't be helped.' ' He took a null 1 at the brandy-Bask and 'handed it over to me. He was as cool its the 'olimate, my friends. In the meanwhile the horses, feeling the reins falling loosely from' 'my fainting - bands, trotted rapidly on.' I'Heaven help those egotists' that hold tbe human intellect supreme 1 ?' The ponies chose the right' dlreotion.- In less than ten minutes [those blessed ponies took us within sight of this line of fir- trees. I was transported :,by the felioltlous view of some honest smoke 'wreathing up between the scraggy brsnoties which ' sheltered a' long, low, straggling building, : red-rpofed,' wish dlamond-shspsd panes ia the windows, through which we .could see the red light of the household fire.' 'The squawk' of a fowl suggested its speedy conveyance, to .'a neighbouring spit;' the Igrtitiking'of pigs hear by was more melodious 1 '?to my ears than tbe mutic of the sphsre yondor In the storm-tossed, blituiini; snow. ' ! ' We'ro .saved; Flint, my boy I' I eri,-d ' Thank God, wo are savod !'' 'This must be Bernard's,' said Flint, looking about him with his keen grey eye's ; ' and over yonder I think I can see the out lines of the haunted house.' Five minutes after we sat In a long 'low ceiled apartment that covered half the ground floor. ' The oaken rafters almost : touched the hoad of a tall trapper who was lodging with Monslsur Bernard. He had a long blonde beard and, singularly melodious voice. There was quite a number of guests there — all of them trappers, so Monsieur , Bernard said ; but this tall fellow they called Cameron had the shoulders of a Heroules with the faoe of an Apollo. I suppose I was some thing dazed with the sudden relief and reicue, for it appeared to me that a , young woman who sat by the fire, paring carrots tke very colour of her long braids of hair, was as beautiful as an angel. Her eyes were soft and luminous, her forehead low and white ; an indescribable air of tender melancholy shadowed her face. Tho chemi sette she wore was as white as the snow upon which it was blenched ; her bodice was of homespun; the knots in her knitted stockings must have been made by her own little hands; the bie buckles on her shoes could not hide tbe pretty arch of her inBtep. She sang under her breath n little couplet, of which the refrain was ' Jamais, Jamais 1' Hungry as I was, I could scarcely touch the 'fine grilled fowl prepared for us, but my soul devoured the daughter of Monsieur Bernard. The tall trapper and his companions were supping in a neigh bouring room ; wo could hear their glasses rap upon the table or chink against each other; scraps of Bongs and disjointed sen tences reached our cars. Flint picked the chicken to the bone, in tho meanwhile talking in a low tone to Monsienr Bernard, who basked in tho heat that poured from the crackling sides of the sheet iron stove, and blinked at Flint like an ancient lizard. He was a little, dried-up man, with a close cap unon hi« head :. hia leather breeches reached a little below bis knees; a warm furry jacket, high -woollen stockings, and wooden sabots completed bis-coscume. An hour or two went by ; the trappers in the neighbour ing room had finished their meal, and apparently gone to bed. Flint and the little Frenchman pursued their conversation. As for me, I had drawn close to the beautiful young woman, who was washing some quaint yellow mugs at the end of the long oak table. Her name, was Marie. In this primitive region conventionalities were set aside — an earnest passion glided along like snow shoes. I got over a good deal of ground in a very short time. I began to believe this journey was marked out for me. I told Marie so, and lifted one of her long braidB to my lips. I was just thinking what a sensation that peculiar coloured b-ir and her remarkable beauty would create in our circles at home, when Flint called out to me that he had resolved to go over and sleep in the haunted house. ' Don't you wank to go along, Scott,' he said, ' or are you afraid ?' Tbe latter part of his sentence had a peculiar sneering intonation. I said I was not afraid, but thought1 it a very absurd and infernally uncomfortable thine to leavo a warih fireside and go plunging over there in the snow and the freezing air for a freak of curiosity. Marie clasped her hands, and besought of ub, for the sake of the Redeemer, not to go ; that in that room upstairs, upon that very pallet of straw, the murdered man bad been found ; and nobody had slept there since, or Btayed in the house. ' Except the ghosts of Chatelousse,' said her lather, ia a dry, wheozy voice. But Flint got his lantern ready. Of course I hud to go. If one man ventures Upon a fool hardy freak, another must follow, or rest under the imputation of cowardice. Mon sieur Bernard helped us on with our overcoats. I looked into the sweet eyes of Marie ; they were dilated with that expression of terror one seeB in the eyes of a ' fawn. I took her cold bands in my own. ' Rest tranquil, my sweet child,' I said, for I wns touched by her tenderness ; ' I will return to you.' We made our way through the blinding snow, and found the house black and empty. Tbe door creaked on itB rusty hinge, tbe shutters banged, a melancholy wind howled through the corridor. 'We shall have our labour for our pains,' I said, as we entered the room upstairs; ' there is nothing remarkable in a few broken ohairs and an old bundle of straw.' ' We must be patient,' said Flint, throw ing the buffalo robe upon the bed, and blow ing out the lantern ; ' we must-wait for the hour of midnight.' There was nothing for me to do but to oreep in beside him. I took the inner side, and, worn out with countless emotions, must haye fallen asleep before the hayseed touched my. hair. I was awakened by a peculiar mocking laugh, seemingly close by my ear ; but, N upon regaining the activity of my souses, -. I found it distant and hollow. Again and again it seemed to oome from the very bowels of the earth. I began to feel a ohill run down my vert«brm. Flint,' I whispered, reaohing over for him, ' do yon hear that ?' But my hand wandtred over an empty Bpace at my side. Flint was gone. I was alone in this accursed houae. Strange noises oame to me. I fancied I heard a groan, the olanking of a chain. Heaven knows what terrible vagaries beset me. ' Perhaps,' thought I, ' Flint has been dragged away ; my turn will come next.' Distinctly I heard again that hollow, mock ing laugh, and step by step » foot ascending the: stair. ,A cold sweat burst from every pore in my body. I sprang from the bed, and ran out the open door down the stairs. - It seemed to me a shadowy form fled before me, and vanished in the corridor. Iplunged. aoroBS the field and at last burst into a low oeilsd .room, where I found the miserable little. Frenohman and. my missing companion. ; 'Oh, yon - ran away,' then?' I said to Flint. ' ? ? :t ' ' Yes,' he said, quietly, ' I thought it bsst not to awaken you.' ' 'So you left me to be murdered, perhaps ?' 1 'That' was what I wanted to avoid,', he said. I s«w that he was pale, and his hands shoo)t a little. ' 1 shall push on to Chate lousse at daybreak,'.' he said. ,,, , 'I thought you had more nerve,; Flint,?' I replied. I wouldn't myself sleep in that house agjiin to bo'junipr partner with Frost Ss Co. ;,but that is no'reason for negleoting businrBS opportunities. From a few. words I exoiangod, with that tall trappov— I think thi-y call him Cameron — ' ; 'Yes,' saif Flint, with sudden eagerness. ' What about him ?' ... ' ' . ' I think lib oan put mo in tho way ot a lnpratlye stroke of business here.', ''How? In what way ?' ioid Flint., , 'Iu tho trapping way, of bourse,' ' replied ; ' in the'wayrof skina;'' ' Tl-e.' light died out of Flint's .. faoe. He sank baok in, his ohair, Bnd .stroked !his thin board contemplatively. , ; ' Suppose yon. remain; here,', then, till ,1 oome bask,', he said., 'I shan't bo gone mproj lhari two or three days.' . 7 : ' All right,' I said, with alacrity. In truth, I hated to leave Marie, i At[ daybreak Flint drove Jaway, with ; a stable Hy of Bernard's for a guiin. I ? ' He's the last m.'.Ti in the world I'd tak' ' M) bo »uoh tt' coward,' I said, to vho.tall I t*rttpptir, Cameron, fomo hoim later on. I invited hiiu to bro.ikfaBt with me, and related to him our adventures of the previous night. — nr — ^ ' .? . 1 '.'rr-i-u— — 'I don!t know anythiog'about ghosts,' I said,, but, I. certainly heard the metallic olanking of a chain, and a hollow, mocking laugh — a footstep; too, mounting the stairs ; and. as I fled down, a phantom-like form disappeared before my very eyes in the hall way.' ' There are more things; In heaven . ana earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy,' said Cameron, r 'All we can do Is to keep a clear consoience. and lead stainless lives.' He went on talking in this way till I begaa to look upon him as a kind of evangelist. His faoe .had the guileless look of an infant, and yet he had a keen eye and brain'fot business. He explained to me a method for curiog skins, which was very interesting. Even Marie paused at her work and listened to him^ Her eyes we're fixed upen his faoe with an eager, yearning expresiion, se beautiful that I wondered it did not attract hia notice; but he was absorbed in his Bubjeot. That short Canadian day was the sweetest of my life. Before nightfall I was fully persuaded there was but one woman in the world for me ; but all that I could get Marie to say in return was, '* Oh, monsieur 1' This she repeated over and over again, each time with a different inflection, till it formed a whole sweet language in itself.' At nightfall of the seoond day Flint oame back, looking rather pale and worn. He said the air was freezing ; he hoped it would be milder in the morning ; that we must go? off as early aa possible. ' If you go to-morrow, Flint,' I said, ' you'll have to go alone. I muat remain a while.' ' I shall not go alone,' said Flint ; ' I shall have plenty of oompany. .But why must you remain?' I didn't care to speak about Marie to a man like Flint, but I told him of the opening in trado offered me by Cameron. ' The tall fellow with a blonde beard ?' said Flint, going over and shutting one ohamber door. Then he came close to me and whispered in my ear,' ' He is the leadec of the 'gang. Hush I be quiet ; don't reply. I have unearthed a troop of counterfeiters. I saw them at work that night in the haunted house. They are the ghosts of Chat elousse. In six hours we shall have help. To-morrow we shall start off together. Ber nard gave them np. That wbb my bnsiness out here. ' Trapping ?' I said. 'Exactly,' said Flint. 'In sixteen hours everything will be ready. The officers will come armed ; be prepared, ' and the wily Jesuit slipped out the'open door. I sat there for I don't know how long, completely stunned and bewildered. When I gathered my senses again, I resolved upon 'one thing— not to go without Marie. We could get married at the nearest town. I would not leave her in this wilderness with her traitor of a father, perhaps to fall a prey to some early vengeance from an unseen hand. I sought her out, and found heE feeding the fowls in the court yard — a grey dove perching upon her shoulder, and a turkey-cook Btretohing his red neck and strutting by her side. I drew her under tha archwav. ' Marie ! Marie !' I Baid, ' you know how I love you !' 'Oh, monsieur I' she said, hanging her sweet head. 'Listen to me, Marie,' I said; 'be no longer a child, I entreat of you. You must go away with me to-morrow morning. At the nearest town' we will be married. I will -not leave you behind me. There; will be trouble, I am afraid. A' gang of counter feiters have been discovered over in the. .haunted house;' Cameron is their ohief. , Yo*. have thought these men to be honest; trappers, Marie, but they are counterfeiters, : my own one, and they are the ghosts of Chatelouise. A few hours more, and we shall have help. They will be taken, Maris . — ' I stopped, for I found that she was grow- . ing deadly pale. Her hands dropped at her side; the wheat fell out. of her apron upon the ground ; the fowls came calling and clucking after it. She grew whiter and whiter, till she was like the snow outside the the stone wall. ' My God 1 my God 1' she . kept saying, olasping and unclasping her hands. I tried to take her in my arms. A.t - first she resisted; then she listened. The grey look went out of her face, and she listened eagerly. ' You will go with me, my darling!' ,1 entreated ; ' the' horses are already har nessed.' ' Whore — where are the horses ?' she said. . ' In the shed, my sweet one. Tell me that ? you will go.' . . ' Yes, yes, I will go,' she said ; ' and now I must get ready.' _ 7 Her fade looked so set arid rigid in the cold reflection of- the snow— the beautiful face no longer that of a child's; a woman's - face, full of resolution and strength, ' ? _ ? ' KIbs me before you go,' I said, holding . her close'to my heart, 1 She put', her cold lips to mine., 'Godbless you 1' she cried ; ' God in heaven' bless ?you I' Night came on ; hour after hoar passed ; lights began fo flicker in the haunted house. Flint glued his face to the window' and looked steadily out into the darkness. I did not dare tell him I had a regret for , Cameron. ' The fellow was so 'lovable,' and had such a a guileless faoe; his voice was aB melodious as a' woman's. At last he turned from thn wfrirtnw anfl wnnt ont of the room.' making a quick gesture for me' to follow. The men had come. Soon we were marching I across the flold, the ofiloprs of the law crunching throrigh the snow with their heavy ' boots,1 and1 muttering maledictions through their chattering teeth. In truth, it waa piercingly cold.- We' had nearly reaohed the house when ' an old, ; half-witted servant of ;MonBienr Bernard's came running out to ! meet ns. ? i 'Mother'of 'heaven,'' but I'm glad!', he oriod. ' ' I was seared to stay there so long they are-gone since this many hours.' ' ? ' Gone I' shouted Flint ; ' who are gone ?' ' The men folks yonder.:; And they took with them the sweet mistress, Marie.' ; ' Marie I' burst from my lips and those of M.Bernard. '''7 i 'But yes,' said the old servant. 'She- oried all the way, but he took her in hisarms ' and hushed her like a baby, and put her, under his eloski' ; . ' '' ? ? 'v ' ' 'Who? Who?' we oried. 'Who but Mr., Cameron f' .wss th'e reply.' , ' Anybody nith-woodon ^ eyes oould' have seen what was (joing on.'' 'i- ?' r' ; Bernard raised his hands to heaven, then v 7 sank upon the snow. . I remained with mm.' . I was ' unable to go. 'on; besides it was' use- lesA:' The men soon oame baok. The house was empty';, the birds had flown, arid with tbem, had' gone my sweet little dove. ' What ' a madman I had been) As the hostler had said, snyore oould have seen the love in hec' eyes when she'Iooked upon' Cameron. 1 I ' remembered nowa hundred sighs and glances. - Poor little-Marie t 77 Monsienr Bernard divided, his wrath and - wretchedness, as, did the Jew. of Venice, r between his. ducata'aud hisdaughtor. Every, mule arid pony, were taken from the sheds ; * it was even impossible to pursue tho fugi tives; Flint was livid with .rage.' 'Who could havo betrayed us?' ' he said through' i.ia cleuohod teeih', and half inolined to' bub-' poot the'tni'orable Barnard. 'A fortnight later wo all wont oiiv separata ways ; bnt I nover slie,U forget, gcntlemon, the ghosts of OhateluUB&e.; 