» OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments." — Siiakespf.ru. Victoria Theatre. Mr. Creswick has certainly done himself and his reputation full credit by his performance of Iago. The fulsomeness of the praise bestowed upon the impersonation in certain quarters is as offensive to all sensible admirers of dramatic art as it must be distressing to the actor himself. Praise to be valuable should be judicious, and the most worthless kind of commendation is that which can only find expression in a meaningless array of sickening superlatives. It is sufficient to say that Mr. Creswick's Iago is a careful and intelligent performance, disfigured perhaps by an over-consciousness of his powers on the part of the performer, which in certain scenes was painfully apparent. As Othello, Mr. Carey displayed considerable warmth and energy. Few actors can equal him in the power of expressing conflicting emotions by facial expression. " Othello" was followed on Wednesday night by " Werner." The play, though few of the theatre-going public in Sydney could ever have seen it acted, failed to draw a good house ; and when the gloomy melancholy which overshadows it is taken into consideration, the fact cannot be wondered at. Mr. Creswick's Werner, however, is a most able performance, and deserves success. Gabor, in the hands of Mr. Douglas, is a well dressed and capitally acted part. The rest of the characters are efficiently filled by the various members of the company, who make a better show " all round " than they have done in any other piece during Mr. Creswick's engagement. The popular manager of this theatre, Mr. B. N. Jones, takes a benefit on Tups- day next, when will be presented " The School for Scandal," with Mr. Creswick as Joseph Surface, and Mr. Jones as Sir Peter Teazle. Theatre Royal. " East Lynne," as its habit is, has been drawing good houses during the present week, and this self-same power of drawing possessed by the piece defies any rational explanation. Women of all ages and classes go to weep, but the marvel is that they seem never to tire of howling over such a worn-out mass of maudlin improbabilities. There are many other mournful plays, far more natural in their emotional scenes and general construction than any dramatised version of Mrs. Wood's novel, for criers to patronise, but the female weepers appear determined to cling to " East Lynne " as the fittest object for their tearful adoration. Mrs. Siddons as Lady Isabel by no means shows to advantage. Her individuality and angular style of acting is unsuited for the part. The dressing of Messrs. Chaplin and Rainford is to say the least remarkable, and highly suggestive of a wardrobe see-saw. Each wears an evening suit for a portion of the piece, but the other chooses that portion to don tweed, or a morning costume, though the same rules of apparel ought to apply to both. " Our Boys " is to be re-produced at this theatre to-night (Friday). Queen's Theatre, More popular than ever are Messrs. Baker and Farron becoming in their entertainments, i.e., if it is at all possible for them to become more popular. " Lisa Eccles," with the Miniature Volunteers, takes the place of " Conrad and Lizette." School op Arts. Thompson's Confederate Diorama and Comedy Company is doing an excellent business at the Hall of the School of Arts ; nor is it to be wondered at considering the attractions, viz., the Diorama ; Cowan, the comic singer ; Herman, the Valentine Vox of the age (Colonial), grand distribution of gifts each evening, and Mr. Charles Wallace, who has proved himself a valuable addition to the company. We notice that Lieut. Herman takes a benefit on Tuesday evening next, and hope he will have a full house. The Guild Hall. The longer D'Arcy Read's Ghost appears before a Sydney audience, the more satisfaction is derived from an inspection of the wonderful illusion. The spectators seem to perfectly revel in the " Ghost's revels." Mr. Stephen Massett. This popular monologue drawing-room serio-comic " entertainist ' will in a few days give the public of Sydney a taste of his quality. In New Zealand he has been quite the rage. A Virginia City Daily remarks : — " It is an amusing, witty, mirth-provoking, piquant, racy, pungent, lively, pathetic, sentimental, unique, side-splitting, suspender- wrenching, button-hole-ripping, laugh-and-grow-fat sort of a lecture." Great National Carnival. Mr. James Booty announces a Grand Carnival to be held at the Albert Ground, on the Queen's Birthday. Any amount of attractions are noted on the programme. The Sydney Musical Union. Mr. Punch is charmed ( to learn that Costa's celebrated Oratorio, " Eli," is in rehearsal by .the members of this Society. Mdlle. Charbonnet's Concert. There was a large and appreciative audience at the Masonic Hall, in response to this very talented pianiste's announcement, on Saturday last. Mdlle. Charbonnet is an artiste of rare talent, and assisted as she was by Signor Steffani — in excellent voice, Mrs. Rosenberg, in her exquisitely rendered ballads, with the capital accompaniments by Mr. Chas. Huenerbein, it is not matter for surprise that the concert was in every way a genuine success. 