I) T H E P MA N T 0 -M MINE E-. J (A .stonj oj the nltl gold dligUig dtig-i.j ( Thll you a ghost story,'' said niv iinelc Ned, a hale old ) gcntlem'an of 70 ycar-s. ' Well, i will relate a peculiar i affair th.at happcucd on Tallinans Gully, in 1859." ) We were all atteutiou. and listened to the very rcmaik- ( able naiTatxvc lie x'elatcd in the following manner : / " You must know," commenced my uncle, "that I and \ four mates were living in a tent on the baxxks of tbc rivcx'-! — living, I said, I shonld have called it existing, for ) we were most unfortiuiatc, onl.y finding sufixcicnt gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday's (I woi'k, you maj'besuvc we were tired enough ; but we wci'c I i el- n I'KnrI in nill» llV tlllH P.lllllv. fOllllC. clllllc \ of a xxicic, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This Y coufoundod noise always commenced at midnight, and did ) not cease until the break of day. One night we were \ determined to see who it was ; so wc sallied forth in the ( bright moonli,ght, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel ) shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard .at work bj"- an Q old claim wliich bad been deserted for many years. I was r cho-scn spokesman, to expostulate with this xxoisy digger; ) but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood stiH, \ transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's Y clothes was no living nuin, hut a, ulieloton p " Uncle Ned 1" wc all cried, " how fearful." C " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, wcll- / to-do looking man, of about fifty years of ago, who \ enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. ,C Ho told us that ia 'iil' bc and a nxatc ot bis deserted from / one of Her Majesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans \ gold fields. They worked with jiretty good luck for a few .( months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to / see about some letters; "Before he went, be said to bis S mate, /' Bob, whatever you do, never stop workiixg the C claim jor'a day until I come back.' Bob promised, and / thoy parted. 'I went down to Melbourne,' said the cx- S digger, ' and there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on Y board; and now that I have obtained my discharge, I y have liastcned up here to find my old chum.' ' Yoii will S see him to-night,' I said; ' but you'll find him very much Y changed.' At iixidnight, the everlasting clink' of the / phantom's pick was heard, and we all turned out. 'Ah I ' X cried the sailor, ' there's dear bid /Bob. Bob", here I am f back. ; Bob, speak to me.' He ran to the figure, which ) turned its hideous face on him; With aloud shriek the seeker -\ fell senseless on the ground.,.. The gl\ost threw down its f pick, and vanished; : In," the jinorniixg wc discovered the ) poor sailor a raving luixatic; " \ " Oh, imclo Ned, -what a fearful stbry.l' ' / "Well, you asked,me to/tell :yo,u,ia:5ovi'i Rud I have J done so." - t, . \ , ''ThehMt;isfipt tri.te?.' T Y- ' / " Well, said pur uncle, laughing, " itis.as truejas many J of the absnrd yarns Tli'ak got Rhoub during the raging of \ the gold fever. Ah, those were strange days, when men f would Vndcrgo any- amount of privation for a few ounces ) of' gold'.THovv clifferent'it isiuo\v;vfor shoxxld- a -man be \ pu.shed for a large or small amount' all that he has to do ( is to;havc-ariihtei-view'with i ; ) DAVID HBNBY,i6f'62 Collins street east, \ Who has from ;(i5 to iBl,'0,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills ( of sale (with: 'or ; without se'ourity), salary orders, life ) policies, 'certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, \ racrchandis,e,/6h expected remittances, or- on' moneys pei'- '/ sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., J repayable to suitlthe cbnTeniehce of borrbwerp. C Bills discounted daily, at ;the' lowest rate of interest, and r mortgages from\6. per cent. . V . . 