Tehe Gihoslt. ToE matchless and unrivalled entertainment known to the general public as " The Ghost" was given last evening with great success at the Protestant Hall. The illusions are truly wonder ful and fairly puzzling to the strongest capacity, so say nothing of the meanest. " How is it done ?" "Where do they go to ?" were the oft re. peated exclamations of those present. Atd well tlhey mighlt be. Groups o earnest enquirers were seen outside after the performance was over canvassing t.e different possible methods by which animated, solid-living bodies could disap pear thlrough two-inch deal boards, brick walls, &c.; how three Ethiopian serenaders who hAd been just amusing the audience with select songs and choruses could be, witlout moving ifrom their seats, transformed into three grinning, gibbering, ghastly images whose cadaverout features, seemed convulsed with hideous laughter, and whose elongated limbs were flying all over the stage. No satisfactory conclusion could bo?rrived at, and the mystery is as great as over. Several lkeen peirs of eyes, forty double-power magnifying glasses were brought to bear upon the scene, to discover, if possible, the secret of Ithe mysterious disappearances and supernatural illusions, but in vain. Firm resolu. tions were made to go early this evening and try again, but we expect these ardent inqulr.rs will then find fresh marvels to increase their wonder. The performances commenced with some splendid scenic effects, representing the " Temptations of Hubert,'" which at once fixed the attenticn of the audience. MIiss Amy Horten (from the Victoria Theatre, Sydney) then seng "Rowing on the Lake" with terpischorean accompaniments, and was rapturously encored. We have no doubt this gifted young lady will become a great favourite here. MIessrs. Charles Wallace (tambourine), G. Houghton (interlo. cuter), and G. Clinton (bones), then gave an excellent selection of Ethopian melodies, and, as might have been expected from their previous celebrity, were loudly ap. plauded. In this part of the programme the mystery is inteneficd. Withoit any visible aid these three darkies disappear, and three orthlodox ghosts in white are -seen frantically gesticulating at the astonished audience. than curon another song from Miss Horton, which mot with an encore, and then the inexplicable farce of" The Haunted House" in whiich a nervous landlord Mr. Sh.kewell (Er. Haughton) is tor. m?ented out of his life by ghosts innumnerab'e, whose prototypes must have appeared in all stages of the world's history, for their nameis legion. ~These are seen to gesticulate and to dance; are heard to sing and speak and vanish, leaving not a wreck behind. Occasionally they appear in threes, and perform a kind of Oatherine wheel in the air, and then suddenly beconme as dead as decent ghosts really should be. We tehought about ask ng one of the pchosts themselves "'Hfow is it doao," but we were afraid. A joke is a joke, but there is no joke about these ghosts, yet they are making jokes all night long, and mak ing the audience shriek with laughter into tlhe bargain. We see that the management with a view of introducing a taste for the mar vellously scientific of Newcastle, have reduced the prices of admission to suit the pockets of the million, rather than those of the upperten. The same prosnmme will be repeated thi~s evening. 