TOMBSTONES.. [To tbe Editor of the Northern Arms J Sir — Your eoraeipondent ' Charity' nee J not for a moment doubt the correctness of my statement as regards- tbe position of the tombstones in the West Terrace Cemetery, Adelaide, or the state the ground is in. It is far. worse than my description, and I hope my friend ' Charity' if he goes to Adelaide will satisfy himself as to the truthfulness of my report. I consider that persons ought to be employed to tend those graves that are falling in, and likewise to fill up crevices, if only on sanitary grounds. Perhaps the relatives of those who are buried there'have eone to ibeir last .resting place. I therefore do not expect them to replace broken tombstones, but I consider tbat in consequence of the earth settling and putting the tombstones out of position, this might be seen to and put to rights. As to ' Charity's' friend observing an eccentric character from the country, he could have seen many had be looked .about him. As far as inscriptions on tombstones go, I be lieve in tbeir total abolition, with, the ex ception of the name and age. I cannot believe in recording on them untruths. For instance, 1 saw on one in a graveyard — ' Sacred to the memory of the dearly be loved wife of,' &c.; I have known the husband who placed the stone over his wife's grave to ill-treat her in every manner possible, and while she was on her death bed to go to Adelaide and keep in a state of semi-druDkeDness until forced to go back to her funeral. Who can help feeling disgusted at such doings ? Let any individual who likes pass through a churchyard and read the tombstones placed over those he once knew, and depend upon it be. or she will have some very doubtful opinions fo respect to this matter. Could some of the dead arise from tbeir tombs they would point their skeleton fingers at the stone in acorn, and had they power of speech would say, ' Could not they be content in stating un truths about me whilst I was living without placing lies over my. remains !' Yes, Mr. ' Charity,' if I was a believer in the creed of spirits walking at night I should fancy that in their wrath they had thrown those stones out of position. Were they like Hamlet's father's ghost, doomed for ft cer tain time to walk at night,' I think that they will be employed iu obliterating the flattering words engraved on the stones placed over them. As far as having any tombstone er monument erected over my grave, I sincerely hope that those left after me would not trouble themselves about it. Firstly, because of the expense, which would be of more benefit to the living than the stone to me. Secondly, because if they stated the truth it would not be flattering. Thirdly, because I should not wish them to place untruths on my account. No doubt their sins are heavy enough without adding more to them. If there is any sin that is really bad it is without doubt telling lies respecting the dead. I hope that ' Charity' will take the above into his charitable con sideration j and I have no doubt he will eventually become of my opinion as regards that matter. I am, Sir, ftc, B. W. M. 