(J. , , ! MACBETH. f Mr. Thomas Kenny, a clever essay- \ ist, and who has written most ably on r the subject of " Macbeth," eharact.r- ises it as " a. drama of gig.antic crime J and terror relieved by -the niost mag- nincenc imaginative expression, yet ) marked with great simplicity of general y design. The date of; tlic production of f the piece is set by Furnival at 1605-6, J and " we may take it for granted," V says Kenny, " that it was written in f the time of James the First, who y ascended the throne March, 1603, as it \ contains -an evident allusion to that ( monarch in act iv. scene i, and also a ) complimentary reference to him in aii- y other part. The material for the play ( was found by Shakespeare in Holin- \ .shed's History of Scotland, where the f story of Macbeth is told at page 168." f The Macbeth and Duncan are repre- j sented to have been cousins ; the first f a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo- ) sition, and the latter "so soft and k gentle in his nature that the people ( wished the inclination and manners of J the two to have been so tempered and J interchangeably shared betwixt tkem f that where the one had too much of ) clemency and the other of cruelty, the y main virtue between these two extre- ( mities might have reigned by indiifer- J ent partition in them both. The pl.ay \ all along keeps close to the line of- ( Holinshed, vaiying from it in 3carcely y any particular except in the non- ' appearance in the banquet scene of the ( murdered B.inquo's ghost." > This tragedy, has been presented iii f Melbpunie we, believe oftener than 'any / other of Shakespeare's works. The \ late G. V. Brooke, ' Charles .Kean, Charles Vincent, in their time essayed y the part, and we have had other, repre- y sentativcs, from the burly McKean C Buchanan arid- James Anderson to the J little dapper J. B. Howe. But few \ artists have made their Melbourne r debiitinihe vole of tlie Thane Of Caw- ) dor. or those who have,, we now call J to mind Air. C. W. Barry, at the The- ( atre Royal, July 2, 1866, Mrs', Charles ... Poole.suppQrting him,.as .Mfrc— bcth, Mr. Henry Edwards as M.aedufi', Mrs. Winterbottora &sMalvolin;, and the principal,8inging;witches were Mrs. Hancock and'' the ;late,'JiHia5Matthe>v.s. -'Previous -to':; that, o'n.Aug.'aSi, lsSf fit - 'thesamd:tkeatie,".tliere/fburst\up -theatrical firmament ."m Roscius, j hlastie'r Edward Pole, aged 14\. / tie also played :the part, whichi as ' a feat of memory was extremely.yvon- derful.' ; This gentleman has long, lefc- thetiige.'aiid become a family man," and now fqllo<Vs the : prosaic business' of a thriving pap'eriianger. At the"time of the '' Ghost" seiisa- - tion in Melbourne, 111,1863; this tragedy' was revived to be produced with " Pep per's ghost -cnects." Avhich were .an nounced as '> combining the real with the, ideal,, the! scientific .and, the poeti cal, the positive aiid the illusory," with" .thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay market Theatre," August 22, . 1863, when under the management of , the late James ' Simnionds. v. The part of M«c- ' beth was alternately played by Messrs. R. -Yduiige' and Henry Edwards, . The "X<rfl!//-MrtcSfi<-A.was. by-the late charni- - ing Annie Lockliart. , It was in the part of the " Thane's gdilty .wife'' /that lAIiss Goddard (Mrs Cap niade her bow before a' Mcl- "boume audie'nce, 3t tlie Tliejffre Royal, August 24,857. the late G.ijy. Brqbke appearing as A'ltfc/yeiAT ' " The'Ojiera'of .Macbeth," by Verdi, has been presented in Melbourne;' by ! ! two different companies at an inteiH'.al .i' of/twelve years. The first production 'was at the Theatre -'Royal i September 8,.l.S6o, .with the Bianclii Ojiera t.om- ' pany. Signora.ianchi undertook the iiiusic ofindg flacbikh, Sigribr Bianclii AlrttYZ;///", Ehiile'Coulbn Macbeth, jdhii . G;regg .i/rf«ywa, W.-ilter Shcrwiii MaZ- 'edlm. and -Air Johh Winterbottom was \- conductor of the orchestra. The se cond time' the Opera -was revived was at tlie Princess's Theatre, under Messrs, ' W.' ! S. Lyster and C.igli. The title r6le (M.'iebeth) was allotted to Signer ..Tdunierie, MHoduJf toiSignor Lcandro Coy; Bnnguo to Sigiior Dondi, MaZ- /colm to Signot;; Beiiib, IPhl/sieian to Sigiior Favas, Geutlemoman'to Signora Toiimefie, and Lady Macbeth to Sig nora Zenoni, 