The Chronicle. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1878. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen does not think the acceptance of the office of Treasurer without salary, by the Minister of Mines, would involve the vacation of his seat for Ballarat, and Mr. Grant is presumably of the same opinion, inas much as in the event of the former declining that position, it is to be allotted to the Jatter. Of course, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen gives this advice with a full knowledge of what was done by the Assembly in Mr. Loader's casein 18G1, but parliament is not now sitting, and even if it were, the majority would not in all probability allow themseves to be controlled by such a remote precedent. Rather than that, they would insist on the opinion of a gentleman, not many months ago, occu pying no higher position than that of crown prosecutor, being taken, especi ally if supported by the gentleman, whose name was appended to all the " Black Wednesday" notices, although afterwards declared to be illegal. What ever steps may be taken in consequence of this advice will probably be knewh before what we now write appears in print, and we should hardly have anticipated that, had it not been to ask, what would have been thought of this advice, had it been given by Sir Bryan. O'Loghlen when he was crown prosecutor, instead of Attorney-Genera 1, as he now is, and what of Mr. Gbast'b concurrence in opinion with Jiim, had he. still been plain Jlr.. Ghaut, jwjead of Minister of Justice? There is pother reason, however, for our refer ring to this matter—albeit, a subordin ate one—and that is, for the sake of pointing out how little chance there is of this country being governed consti tutionally, or with equity, so long as the interpretation of its laws is relegated to gentlemen, who are either so revolu tionary in their proclivities as to talk of deporting one branch of the Legisla ture across the Murray, and of enticing the Governor on board a ship in Hob son's Bay, as the readiest way of getting rid of him, or so ignorant of the laws as to do on " Black Wednes day" what they were bound to undo a few days thereaftei on account of its declared illegality. Mr. Grant did not go quite so far at Penshurst on Tuesday last, as Sir Bryan O'Loghlen did shortly after he-entered the Assem bly, in the declaration of his belief that a necessity might yet arise for an appeal to physical force, before the constitu tional question was settled, but he went much further than was becoming for a man in his position. "If they did not appeal to the Imperial authorities, this question'"could not be settled by resoit ing to physical force, and God forbid that they should do that"—a sort of " Don't nail ,hisj ears, to,/the pump" deprecation of violence, when that is either dreaded or expected, or when such language is intended tdproyoke-a; resort to it. However, what Mr. Berry intends to do with regard to the Treasurership, during his,absence; in England, under the advice of Ihese'two gentlemen, will, no doubt, be done, whether objected to by others, or not. The House, not being Ah can nofc, of course, object to the allotment of the Treasurership, either ; tp Mr. W. C. •Smith,-or' to Mr.T;GitAN^ without an appeal to the country, but the Governor may, and things would, in that case, onty ; ,be,more- complicated. If the Audit'ft ct" makes the signature of the Treasurer to warrants for the payment of moneys, out ,of the treasury as neces sary, as the signature of the Governor, it must, we should think, be the signa ture of a properly constituted, and not that of a ?,' rsbam" Treasurer'-which anyone holding the office, without the salary attached, lest ho should.have, to go to his constituents, necessarily would be. Accustomed as Sir Gkorge Bowen has been to be guided solely by the ad vice of the law officers"of- vthe^Grown in all questions of difficulty, he may raise no objection to what is proposed with regard to this' Rafter,? but it may not be altogether so with his successor. "We are not airsurprised at finding the Melbourne papers taking up the conduct of the police in connexion with the late Mansfield outrages in a tone of much severity. Our surprise -would, indeed, have, been great, ,had they been able to restrain' their pent-up indignation much longer, although things hare not probably yet come to the worst. More outrages may bo perpetrated before the murderers of Sergeant Kennedy and Constables Scanlan and Lonigau are captured, despite the Outlawry Act" and the fact of Captain Standish hav ing made a tardy visit to the presumed hiding place of the outlaws. jS'ed Kelly and his gang have so far proved more than,a match for the police, who..have been sent out after them, which' is not at all creditable to the latter, and which must be regarded as a ground of humi liation and shame to the colony from one end to the other. ■ Yet bad as ttiings are, and much as has been said of Mr.' Berry's 'interviews with Captain Standish on the subject, and on those interviews having been anything bntpleasant to the Chief Commissioner of Police, what would have been the state of things, had Mr. Berry been allowed to disband the police and open the'gaols in January last, as -he--then threatened?. So far,from considering 'those two events—the Kelly outrages, and tho threatened disbanding of the polico and the opening of the gaols, ; which were provided for in tho well known Suppressed Griizette —as con nected in any.jv/ay, we regard,them-as" entirely distinct, and yet with what a bad grace, :and with how,, many'mis-' giyings, must Mr. Berry have under taken to remonstrate with [ the: Chief Commissioner of Police on the exist ence of the lesser evil,- when he himself :had threatened tho'greater?'"'There is .also this further to be asked—what will the Secretary of State for. the Colonies,, ;and what" the people' of "* Englah'd say, of a man in Mr. Berry's position resolving on a trip to England on a mere constitutional question, not re quiring immediate adjustment, and so disregarding the practical details of the administration of the affairs of the colony, as to leave its quiet and peace able inhabitants a prey to a gang of desperadoes, who lie hid in mountain fastnesses, from which they make oc casional sallies for the purposes of rapine and murder, and whom the police cannot catch? They.may not be so lenient in their judgment as those whom Mr. Berry will leave behind— they may not disconnect the two events, to which reference is made above; as we have done—they may not see that Mr. Berry's threat to disband the police and-opo:i the gaols has nothing to do with the existence of a band of mis creants in Victoria defying the police— but they may be led to ask what does this man do here, as tho flwasi'-represen tativo of a colony, which is as much distracted in its social,- as in its politi cal affairs ? Why did ho not stop at home, and endeavor to set right, what he and his colleagues have done so much to setting wrong by their threats of revolutionary violence, instead of kindling a fire, and then running away by the light of it? Granted that the reasoning of these persons might not be sound in every particular, yet it is hardly possible to believe that what has occurred "with regard to these bush ranging outrages would have happened, had Mr. Berry and his colleagues at tended more to the details of adminis hation, and less to speculative constitu tional questions, urged on an unwill ing country, with threats of an appeal to physical force, if not adopted. Why, at the very lime the Govern ment were getting the Outlawry Act against the Kellys passed, Mr.. Berry himself was perpetrating what may be truly described as an act of parlia mentary lawlessness — was insisting on * refund of £1,200 and upwards out <>_ tho customs revenue to one of his con stituents, notwithstanding the earnest protest of his colleague, the Commi sioner of Customs, against it, as a thing for which there was no justifiable pretence—and yet some people coni* plain of the Kelly* meeting with sym pathiser!. Has not what we have now re ferred to been spoken of as a robbery of the treasury, and yet Mr. Berry would not ha?e been able io perpetrate it, by vote of the House, had he had no sym pathisers. Let these spmpathisers with the Kellys and the rest of the gang have their due. They are only bettering the instruction they get from head quarters. They cannot be con sidered much worse than those sympathising with Ministers, who get money out of the treasury to reward their followers with, and look in return for support in their threats or deeds of violence. The country is completely de moralised by the men who have set themselves up as its rulers, and what we find at the head may naturally be expected at the extremities. This will hardly be looked upon as a repetition of what has appeared in the Melbourne papers on the subject. But it is not on that account any the less important, and it may fairly be taken as supple mentary to it. This is not a case of like priest like people, but what is strictly analogous, a case of like rulers like ruled. At the last meeting of the Hampden Shire Council, a letter was read from some distant Shire Council, soliciting their " vote and interest" in favor of act of parliament against the use of all except.' ■" safety matches." It was, .of course, "received"—not-exactly in the usual way, however, but witli a titter, aud by one of the Councillors producing a real " Havanah," and going through the for.ni of puffing, not in dicative'of the highest approval of the letter. There are, however, much less harmless letters, than the one above referred to passing from lime to time between the different Shire Councils —such, l: for 1 instance, as those, relating to the continuance of the : Government subsidy for another five years, and others in which it is proposed that steps should be taken to, relieve the municipalities of the expense to which they are put in connexion,witli audits. With regard to the first of these points, it should be noted that those: Shire Councils, which expect lo come in for .the largestshare of the subsidy—Echuca and others of that class, for instance, are" those -which are most earnest for its continuance, and which say the least about the future mode of distribution. Nothing would please them better than to have the subsidy system continued, not only for another five years, but in per petuity, stint,- and nothing would please ;th6ni less/ than 1, that" Khe older shires should be subsidized as heretofore, no matter: what /mileage of roads they may have to keep in repair. JBut what we regard as # of. far more importance is the maintenance of the present system of audit,; whether the subsidy be more or less in future years, so long as it is continued, and there can be no greater proof of the necessity for it than the.reports of the auditors this year to die different, shires all over the colony. Oakleigh and Rutherglcn have lately been pointed to as shires, which have been very negligent in the management of (heir financial affairs— the former having'allowed their col lector to keep moneys in his hands, which should, have been paid over to the Treasurer long before it was, aud tho hitter having allowed their. Secretary" 'to keep his books in an almost nninlelligble manner—but these are not the only instances in which much of the same kind has occurred and been reported upon. Let us not, however, single out any of these, lest we should Le thought invidious, for now that 'the-'m'unicipal auditors, Govern ment and local, all over the colony, are evidently alive to a sense of their duty, we may look with confidence, let us hope, for a better state of things. If that should not-be case, the full blaze of publicity should be thrown upon the management of municipal finances, and those hodies should be shamed into a compliance will^the requiremeiits.of the act in every particular.' A duty this, no less binding on the Government, soilong as'they subsidize these bodies than on the Shire Councils themselves' Communication on the Port Darwin line is interrupted north' of Powell's^Creek./ Affairs are proceeding very satisfactorily for England at Afghanistan. The Russians at Cabul have been warned off by the Eng lish, and are not allowed to interfere in any way. Whatever else may be the result of the present war,-it will issue, no doubt, in a change in the boundaries of the British Indian empire. Mr. Berry and his friends are endeavoring to get up the steam, preparatory to the de parture of the embassy for England. This id being done chiefly through the instru mentality of the National Reform League, of which the Chief Secretary is the recog nised President, although not taking any prominent part in its movements of late. It matters little, however, how many meetings they may hold, so far as Sir Michael Hicks- Beach is concerned. He will judge them by what is already on record, and not by any frothy declamation at meetings. Saturday's Melbourne papers were omi nously silent about the despatch from Sir. Michael Hicks-Beach to His Excellency the Governor. OurMelbonrne correspondent, however, speaks of its contents as not to be made fully known until Friday next, which we tliiuk exceedingly likely. When known, it will, we are assured, throw a completely new light on the embassy business, aud that may be one of tho reasons why the Govern ment have arranged for a ten and six-penny spread on the evening of that day. They cau then attempt to forestal public opinion before its couteuts are generally known. We have heard nothing definitely yet of Sir George Bowen's inteutions with regard to the vote of L 5,000 for the expenses of the embassy to London. But, as Mr. Berry has taken his passage for tbc 28th inst., we suppose be has made it all right with His Excellency, and that warrants will be signed for its payment in whole or in part. There 13 this to be said, however, that he cannot, with any propriety, sign warrants for the payment of the whole in advance, and that the accouuts will have to be overhauled bc foro a final settlement is made. It may even happen that HU Excellency's succes sor will not see his way clear to sign war rants for the payment of any portion of that money against the protest of the Upper House, which is on record, and has been forwarded to tho Secretary of State for the colonies. All the tame, however, Mr. Berry will go, for he evidently is in too great » fright to face Lord Normanby, and will, therefore, be off before he comet in February next. Mr. Jeremiah Dwyer has been on a visit to Camperdown, where he stayed for a couple of days. On his way hither from Penshurst, he stopptd at Mertlake, which was bis stronghold i\t the lwt election, and tried to get up a meeting then, b«t the electors would hare none of him nor of hit meetings. So indignant are they at LlOO being being lately taken out of the pockets of that number of applicants for tho Toorak reserve in the neighborhood of Mortlake. and at the reserve being after all given to one of Mr. Longmore's proteges, that they have resolved to make it warm for Mr. Jeremiah Dwyer, or any other Government supporter, that may bo induced to put in an appear ance at the next election. Mr. Jeremiah Dwyer's visit to Cobdeu on Thursday, to which we referred in our last, was not, we may now observe, such a harmless affair altogether as we then represented it on the authority of one of the gentlemen, who was travelling about the district with him at the country's expense. For we have it now on the authority of cue of his best friends there, whose name can be given, if required, that he actually pulled out a bag at Cobden, from which he withdrew—and not from his pockets this time—twenty "applications for billets," which he dangled befor% the eyes of the few electors he met with, with what motives, it may be left to others to judge. It is a significant fact, however, that neither he nor any of his friends deemed it prudent {• attempt to hold a meeting there on that occasion, and by the time lie does, we sincerely hope, that such of the electors ag are tired of sham revolutionary represen tatives will be prepared for him. He had a majority of sixty-nine at the List election, and not of one, as we erroneously stated on a former occasion, but that will be swept by the attitude the Mortlake electors have as sumed. At the next election, should he present himself, he has not, so iar as we can gather, the ghost of a chance. It is said, by our Melbourne correspondent, and not, we believe, without authority, that the fact "of the Marquis of JNormanby being brother-in-law, once removed, to Sir Charles Sladen, is giving much concern to the leaders of the Berry party, inasmuch as it butokens a change in the political pro clivities of the Government House set for the future." This, we can readily believe, and we, therefore, all the isore regret that Sir Charles Sladen should have gone so much further than we think it was wi3e to do, in mixing himself up with Mr. Cuthbert's re solutions as a basis for negotiations for the settlement of the constitutional reform ques tion Wo have not the slightest doubt in our own minds as to the Marquis of .Normanby applying himself to the settlement of that question, so far as he has a right to meddle with it, with "impartiality, fairness, and fearlessness," but' that will not, we hope; lead him to go so far iv the way of conces sion as Sir Charles Sladen has done. All along our hope has been that that question will be settled Without any such departures from the. working of the British Constitution, as are involved in double ..dissolutions, and the voting of the two Houses togethWv and we do not yet despair of that being done. i, Another month or two will put an end to Sir George BoAven'scareer iv Victoria, and we should be glad to know how he would like to have done for him what he did for Colonel .Gore Browne when he followed him in New Zealand. Colonel Gore Brown made no secret in Tasraauia of the despatches his successor Sir Georgo Bdwen wrote home against him, respecting the state of confu sion into which the colony had been brought, under his administration, aud what could not bo said, and said far more truly than any thing :he ever said against Colonel Gore" Brown of the state of confusion 'into which he has brought aftairs of Victoria ? His Excellency Sir George Bowcn has been running about Gippslaud, just^as-Ke ran'about New Zealand before he left it, with the view of attracting attention to what lms been done during his adminis tration, but he o mid get no people together to jite him there, nor has he Mr. Fox to act as his amanuensis, and and place on record His .Excellency's own impressions, with the view of raising himself iv the estimation of the Colonial office. The very party in whom he trusted, and from whom he expected to obtain so much ecldt, to say nothing vow of the addition to his salary, have deserted him in the hour of his need, and he will have to leave us "unwept, unhonored, and uusung." It is thus that Nemesis avengeB herself on those who act unjustly towards others—thus that "Ichabod" is written on the threshold of these from whom "the glory has departed." ..During the last month or. so, a number of ladies connected with St. Mary's Episco pal Church, Cobden, have been making strenuous efforts for the success of a tea meeting to be held at the Cobden Temper ance Hall, on Thursday next, the 10th inst. The proceeds are to be devoted towards a fund for fencing in the church, which im provement has for some time past been much needed. After the tea meeting, an entertainment is announced to. take place, iv which a number of vocalists from Camper down will take part. We hope to be able to report a good attendance, as the object is a good one, and worthy of every success. Miss E. West, of the North Purrumbete School, desires us to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt, from Messrs, J. and P. Manifold, of £5, to be devoted to the pur chase of prizes for distribution amongst the children attending the above named school. All persons interested are reminded that the annual meeting of licensing magistrates for this district will be held at the Camper down Police Court to-morrow, Wednesday. The Police Magistrate will be present, and on the same day will hold the usual fort-' nightly police court. The weights for the handicap races to be run at the Terang Racing Club's meeting on New Year's Day appear in another column. The three respective events have filled iv remarkably well, nine horses being entered for the Handicap Hurdle Race, and ten each for the Terang Cup and Steeplechase respec tively. The weights seem to be portioned very equally, and no doubt the handicapper will be rewarded by a full list of accept ances. In a former issue, while drawing attention to the Derriuallum Sports, it was stated in error that they would bo held on New Year's Day, instead of on Boxing Day, as advertised. Pedestrians and others are re quested to make a note of this correction. We are rather late in acknowledging receipt of the Australian Journal for this month, since it has, no doubt, already been well read by many of its admirers. Suffice it to say* that it is quite equal to any of its predeces sors, contaiuing, a3 it does, the usual amount of light and amusing reading. We have it on undoubted authority that Mr. William Robertson, of The Hill, Colac, will oppose Mr. O'Hea at tho next election, and ho pledges himself to leave no stone un turned to oust the latter gentleman, who is highly unpopular in the district among all, except the extreme radical party, who are in a decided minority. What is to be done in Ripon and Hampden, has not been decided upon, but Mr. Lonfmore will not be allowed a walk over. " Punch's Almanac" this year is fall of fun and frolic, and may be heartily commended to those who act on the principle of " Ltafk and grow fat" Some very racy taiagi appear in it on the Embassy "to* foslery," which will be well relished by a Urge class of the community. Bnt bo partiomlar reference is needed, where all it wpllfit. We agtia beg attention to Mr. William Scott's clearing-out sale of Mr. K. D. Scott's cattle, horses, and sheep at Gnotuk Park on Friday next. The whole of the stock are for positive sale in consequence of Mr. R. D. Scott being about to remove to Queens land, where he has taken|ip an extensive run. The stock comprise 120 head of cattle, all of the best blood and quality, a number of them having been bred by the hon. Kiel Black, M.L.C., and others having been pro cured from Mr. T. Cuminiug's well-known herd ; 30 head of draught and blood mares, with foals at foot, to Argus Scandal, Valen tine, and The Deer, with colta and fillies by the same sires ; also 140 pure bred Lei cester ewes, rams, and hoggets, in the wool, the progeny of stock purchased at the sale of the hon. Sir Charles Sladcn, M.L.C. The stock arc all in fine condition, and a splendid opportunity will thus be afforded to intending purchasers for selecting some of the best breeds of cattle, horses, and sheep. A lot of very superior ponies, from the Yalla-y-Poora estate, will be offered at the same time on account of John Ware Esq. A luucheon will be provided. Our Melbourne correspondent informs us that the Bishop gave a garden party the other afternoon, at which the Governor and Lady Bowcu were present.and would it be be; lieved, he asks, that His Excellency and Lady Bowen were both deliberately " cut" by the South Yarra ladies ? There would have been a difficulty, we suppose, in " cutting" the Governor, without "cutting" Lady Bowen, and Sir George Boiven, knowing how strong feeling against himself personally was, should have spared her ladyship that iu dignity. In any case, we cannot but wish that Lady Bowen had escaped it. "The Words of Grace Almanac" for 1879 ha s been fonvarded to us by Mr. Hutchinson^ publisher and bookseller, Collins- street, Mell bourne. It is an exceedingly well got up sheet, profusely illustrated, and contains, in addition to the usual calendar and other important memoranda, much reading matter of the very best description, • * Friday, Saturday, and Sunday were three scorching hot days in Camperdown. But we were favored with a change early yesterday morning, and the sky is still overcast, but with little or no rain. Until the hay crop is in, rain is not much desired, however necessary it may-be for the country generally. Applications for licenses under the Land Act of 1869, approved :—ln the Camper- down district—John Egan, Timboon, 138 acres; Hugh Roland, Paaratte, 233 acres ; Thomas Davies, do, 109 acres ; Stephen Hill, Timboon, 248 acres ; Charles F. Clarke, Jancourt, 168 acres ; Martha Oates, Latrobe, 20 acres. In the Colac district— Elizabeth Dinan, Davis Dinan, Robert Doak, Jane Doak, and Denis Henessy, all 3 acres each, in the parish of Elliminyt. 