THE LATE POPE. Me. Emtob,—The year 1866 will always he regarded as marking the beginning of a period of change for the political and social order of Europe, ,as constituted by the treaty of Vienna in 1816. With the close of civil war, the United States were free to assert, if necessary, by arms, their repugnance to the presence of French troops in a neighbouring State, hastily withdrawn amid the riejoieing of a people who were in no mood to embrace the saving principles of 1789. Thus a Napoleonic idea faded into oblivion, and the ambitious* scheme by means of which the glory of the Second Empire was to culminate collapsed amid the contempt of the world. Meanwhile the victory of Sadowa dissolved the German Confederation, and established upon its ruins the ascendency of Prussia. The chequered campaign in 1809, which closed with the hard fought victory of Wagram over Austria, shook the general belief in the invincibility of Napoleon I., and 1809 was for him what 1866 was for Napoleon HI. Men no longer had the same confidence in his administration, ability and diplomatic skill. At last the celebrated Convention of September, 1864, was ratified between "Victor Emmanuel and Napoleon, although concluded without the Pope's consent, and without even consulting the Holy Father, who refused his participation in the responsibility for this reaty. The French troops were withdrawn from the small remnant of the Pontifical dominions, and Pins IX. was assured of the moral support of France. But the Pope was not deoeived. In his address to the French General and officers, the following memorable and imperishable words were uttered: " Words have been placed in the month of " a great personage that Italy is made but " not yet completed. I, in my turn, will say " that if she is not yet completely undone ; "if she exists as she does, it is because " there is still a fragment of the earth, where " lam in which justice, order and peace reign. " When that shall no more be so, I see the "flag of the Be volution float over the " Capitol, but I see, also, that the Tarpeian " Bock is not far off." " Five or six years ago I conversed with a "representative of France. He asked me " before' leaving Home what he should tell " the Emperor. I answered, Tell him that " St. Augustine, Bishop of Hippo, when he "saw the city besieged by-an army of bar- " barians, and all the evils about to befall it " when that army should enter, said to God, " ' Let me die before witnessing that ruin.' " Say that from me to the Emperor. The " French ambassador replied: ' Holy Father, " be of good courage. The barbarians will " not enter.' He was not a prophet, but he " was an honest man." At length, in 1870, the Italian army forcibly entered Rome by the Porta Pia, the flag of the Revolution was planted on the Capitol. The governments of Europe abandoned Pius IX. to his enemies, and the world exulted at the prospect of the Holy Father being reduced to impotence. In the times of St. Gregory the Great, pestilence preceded successive invasions of barbarians who swept over the face of the Roman Empire and spread ruin and desolation on all Bides. Fearful misery was inflicted upon Italy, and at last the terrible Lombards came down upon it " like a wolf on the fold." Notwithstanding the calamities of the time, and the accumulation of ruins in the Eternal City, the courageous Pontiff looked towards the north, and sent his missionaries to England, after the example of his predecessor, St. Celestine. That nation was converted to Christianity, and Celts and Saxons studied together to diffuse virtue and learning throughout Europe, to convert the barbarians, and to prepare the way for a new era. Except the Archbishop of Tuam, every member of the Irish hierarchy was nominated by Pius IX., and the hierarchy was restored in England, while missionaries from the same country are now going forth to carry the light of faith to the countless heathens seated in darkness and the shadow of death. In chapiter xi., entitled St. Gregory the Great, of Newman's " Historical Sketches," the - writer remarks as follows:—" When << Pins the Ninth, foiled in his' attempt to " better the. civil condition of his. States, " from theworthlessness both of his materials ."and his instalments, was a Jiugitive and ''exile at Gaeta,. the Protestant public •" jeered and mocked at him, as one -whose "careerWas over, and whose canclle "was put " Out!'"' T8t he has but supplied' a fresh and »«the latest "instance}'later there cannot 'be, " of the heroic det^hinent of Popes, and has " carried down'the ; 'tradition of St; Peter " into the age ofrailroadsand newspapers." In the foHo^ing chapter the sam$ writer A UTSJI.NUUSUU^ U . XAIU ; HI|JIUU JUP ••'lie 1 Pope in secultfr politics" ' of ,. a contrary charadter.' HeiSto L be the head «« oMtfeiy/ to r%S £; lnmSaf- a^ah^'tiie soverei^ of Em^,'atfdto cany afrthiiig^ M beforehimini.he naine-of Rtfigiohi' He jateajlilywfaaes ,<t6iaccept J-the- Insidious .t^propoanlj-igid rat, lengthhe isidrivpniout of f* tecau^^while^a^^ild " defeated, and he goes baok to Rome again. 1 " 8 "is place; but it is little to him whether he is there or away, compared " with the duty of fidelity to his trust. " Once more the power which restores him " to his country presumes, and insists, upon " his modelling his temporal polity upon the " unecclesiastical principles of a foreign " code- France, too, as Austria, is a great " Sf t o i ic P° wer the ; eldest born of the " Church ; the representative of the coming " civilisation, as Austria is the heir of the " past; but France was not likely to gain " for the code of a dead Emperor what that " Emperor, in the plenitude of his living " genius and authority, could not compass " f° r it." The writer then alludes to the ridicule of the world during the exile of Pius IX. at Gaeta, and to his vigilant and vigorous government of the Church after his return to Rome. At page 145 he proceeds thus: " And then they exchanged contempt " for astonishment and indignation, saying " that it was intolerable that a potentate " who could not keep his own, and whose " ease and comfort at home were not worth a " month's purchase, should be so blind to " his own interests as to busy himself with " the fortunes of Religion at the ends of the " earth. And an additional feeling arose, " which it is more to our purpose to dwell " upon. They were not only angry, but " they began to fear. It may strike one at " first with surprise that, in the middle " of the nineteenth century, in an age "of professed light and liberality, so " determined a spirit of persecution should " have arisen, as we experience it, "»in these countries, against the professors " of the ancient faith. Catholics have been " startled, irritated, and depressed at this "unexpected occurrence; they have been " frightened, and have wiihed to retraoe " their steps; bat, after all, lar from suggest- " ing matter for alarm or despondency, it iB " nothing more or less than a confession on " the part of our adversaries how strong \ye " are, and how great our promise. It is the " expression of their profound misgiving " that the Beligion which existed long before " theirs is destined to live after it. This " is no mere dedaction from their acts; " it is their own avowal. They have seen " that Protestantism was all but extinct " abroad; they have confessed that its last " refuge and fortress was in England; they " have proclaimed aloud that, if England " was supine at this moment, Protestantism " was gone. Twenty years ago England " conld afford, as much in contempt as in " generosity, to grant to CatholicB political " emancipation. Forty or fifty years ago it " was a common belief in her religions cir- " cles that the great Emperor with whom " she was at war was raised up to annihilate " the Popedom. Bat from the very grave of " Pius the Sixth, and from the prison of " Pins the Seventh, from the very moment " that they had an opportunity of showing to " tbe world their familiarity with that eccle- " siaatical virtue of which I have said so " much, the Catholic movement began. In "proportion to the weakness of the Holy " See at home, became its influence and its " success in the world." Notwithstanding the length of this passage, the writer of these lines considers that no apology is due to the readers of this journal. The "Melbourne Review" of last month contained an article entitled " The Last of the Popes," which has caused some controversy. Perhaps it is as well to remark that none of the London magazines for March contain such a contribution from a literary Then-sites. In Newman's " Lectures on Catholicism" there is a passage in the lecture entitled, "True testimony insufficient for the Protestant view," which may be cited with advantage. Speaking of the Protestant Tradition, he says, at page 147:—" No, it must have " something huge, enormous, prodigious, " because the people love story books, and " do not like dry matter-of-fact. How dull " is history, or biography, or controversy, " compared with a good romance, the lives " of highwaymen, a collection of ghost " stories, a melodrama, a wild beast show, " or an execution 1" Probably the title of Mr. Blair's article was suggested by such a fiction as " The Last of the Barons," or, " The Last of the MohicanB;" or he may have been mindful of the example of Mr. " Puff " in the play, " I open with a clock striking to beget an awful attention in the audience." Froude'first obtained notoriety by whitewashing Henry VIII., and by striving to lead the public to believe that that Boyal " reformer" and " defender ' of tbe Faith" sent bis wife to the btook from motives of publio duty. He has proved himself to be a dramatist rather th^n a historian. Tlie excCssive display materials' whioh be makes induces thfi ignorant to believe that he is a far more reliable authority than he really is.' He has frequently shown how, a lie can be ingeniously extraoted from important documents. ' When the authenticity -of some of his statements lias - been challenged he ibM referred liis oritics to die archives stowed aw»y in the chief oitiea.of Europe, Uins pukking it ^ gam? ollmnt the slipper— fim^jf^t and apjplupf. r Mx. -Biair appeals to^o^'.to'.iiifs^bw^ fit.hUMam" 3 proniiflefipijecome. h^tojrionaasa defi th' ioDpversy; JifSteriie save,«; am§" " "1 from Bfmlon'ge toPajds,Jfron travellfed from Boulonge to Itos' from W^tSiwi^vd $v'tik.}$>at hB^oit^tulOw puss^ 'by was tooolburea-'W disWrted:'*' Mt. BImt nukas # oM-ol UA word ! 'Jineroenarieat*' ^PiuailUt wotildionloo «oc(mn| wcept:. mcoey itom his dmpoilsrs, ' po " General" Garibaldi. In the beginning of 1876 he refused in insulting terms to acoept the 100,000 lire voted by the Italian Parliament. Bat on the 9th April of that year he formally acknowledged by letter his receipt of the pension. Mr. Blair asserts that tbe reign of Pius [X- was "disastrous to the Churoh." Credat Judaeus Amelia. His travesty of history gives the .lie to his hypocritical disdain and fiotitions bravery. Lord Russell waa ready to take command of the Channel Flfeet at a moment's notice. Bat Mr. Blair woild gnide the bark of St. Peter with surpassing skill, and steer it with infallible accuracy deBpite the "irresistible pressure of modern thought." Catholics, however, know that Pius IX. lived far too long for the gratification of such critios as Mr. Blair. In the words of Dr. Newman, 1 "Not a man in Europe now, who talks bravely against the Churob, bat owes it to the Churoh that he can talk at all." It would seem as if Mr. Blair is afraid that his " candle" is to be " put out" by " Peutetre." Now that he sees Jesaits, like Newdegate, he has become an object of pity. Bat Catholics have been disgusted by hiB classing Dr. Newman with the fallen Dollinger. He alleged that the former " was left to unnoted obscurity" by Pias IX. This soandalons impatation can easily be refuted. Many persona oan remember that he was specially invited to tbe Vatican Council. The writer of these lines has before him the original edition of " University Educa. tion," by Dr. Newman. In the firct discourse, at page 19, one may read as follows: " I appear before yon, gentlemen, " not prior to the decision of Bome on the " question on which I am to tieat, but after "it. My sole aspiration—and I cannot " have a higher under the heavens—is to be " the servant of the Vicar of Cbrist." In his tenth discourse, at page 362, ha says: " Such " is the lesson whioh I have gained from the " history of my own special Father and " Patron, St. Philip Neri." Speaking of the mission of (hat great saint, at page 363, he adds, " And so he contemplated as the idea " of bis mission, not the propagation of the " faith, nor the exposition of doctrine, nor "the catechetical schools; whatever was " exaot and systematic pleased him not; he " put from him monastic rule and authorita- " tive speeeh, as David refused the armour " of the king. No, he would be bulr an "ordinary individual priest as others, and " his weapons should be but unaffected " humility and unpretending love. All he "did was to be done by the light and " fervour and convincing eloquence of his "personal character and his easy conversa- " tion." Ac page 366 he continues: " Well " were it for his clients and children, gentle- " men, if they conld promise themselves the " very shadow of hia special power, or could "hope to du a miserable fraotion of tbe sort "of work in which he was pre-eminently " skilled. Bat so far, at least, they may " attempt to take his position, and to uee his " method, and to onltivate the arts of whioh " he was so bright a pattern. For me, if it " be God's blessed will that in the years " now coming I am to have a share in the "great undertaking whioh has been the " occasion and the subject of these discourses, " bo far I oan say for certain, that whether "or not I can do anything at all in St. " Philip's way, at least I can do nothing in " any other. Neither by my habits of life, " nor by vigour of age, am I fitted for the. "task of authority, or rule, or initiation." From tbe subsequent career of Dr. Newman it is evident that Pius IX. specially consulted his predilections, although, perhaps, Mr. Blair's serene sell-confidence will not permit him to admit the fact. "Bisum teneatis amiei." It was the boast of Augustus that he found Bome built of brick and left it built of marble. St. Pius V. ruled the winds and the waves on the memorab le day of Ltpanto, and at the bidding of Pius.VIL the muskets fell from the hauds of the sodliers of Napoleon on the plains of Russia; but " thou art mighty, yet thy spirit walks abroad^ On the death of Pius IX., the Cardinals meet and renew the protests of the late Pontiff against the despoiling of the Holy See. Tons and tons of pulpy stuff are transmitted in all directions by the railways and the steamboats. Imagine Tom and Jerry seated in an attio, directing the destinies of the universe over their cigars and cognac, and indicating the policy which, if adopted by Leo XIII., would meet with the approval of the pontiff of" theunknowable." . Catholics rejoice to know that " he has but supplied "a fresh and the,latest instance of the "heroic detachment of Popes," from th$ world, and trust thai before the close of hia reign he may be able to say, "He ha^ "exalted me upon a rock: and hot " he hath litted up my head aboyb jbij enemies." In the words of St. Augostini 1 . "He conquered tbe world sot by jbe sword hut by theiiwood" of *he ,:eitf#. " We look around,? said Pins fX./J'tud^ " cannot discem a gleam of liope inn " nyip.. In every. age tbe, Ohnrdh Una "been .persecuted, bat.hsr persecRton are deajj, Church " oause the good spirit 'of Hid people to " awake, and they, wearied with bo many " iniquities, will turn to their Heavenly Lord. " The triumph and deliverance may not come " in my time, and perhaps my aged eyes may " never tee the day of retribution. But yet " that day is not far off, and for the advent " we wait with patient and BBsured expecta- " tion." Not a "Libebai." Catholic 