THE MERCURY. H AT üRD AY MORNING, AUGUST St, WS. j WL* have endeavoured from time to time to koop our renders posted up respecting the Mitin Lino Railway, both in respect to tho construction of the Line, and tho conduct of the Cliaiinnn anti Directors oftheCompany, andthcLocalManagci', Mr. Grant, towards tho Government of tho Colony us well as towards those Members of the Legislature und others who have felt it their duty to kooli a sharp look-out after the Company, ami the engineer of the railway, so as to sue that the interests of tho people of the Colony were not wholly sacrifice'd by the Main Line Railway Company. > We have recently notified the arrival among us of Colonel GRKY, one of the Directors in the Company, accompanied by Mr. DAVISON, the Company's Secretary, who, we understand, have been deputed by the Company to endeavour to mako arrangements with tho Tasmanian Government for the settlement of all dis- putes that may have arisen between the Rail- way Company mid the Government. We re- minded our readers the other day that nt a i meeting of tho Directors, Shareholders, and I Bondholders of the Company, held in London on the 10th July last year, Mr. SHEWAKD, the Chairman of the Board of Dhectors was reported to have said that " ho had read over carefully every word that has over passed in the Tasma- nian Palliament since first this line of railway was begun, and ho would say, speaking there as no did before the M bolo world in the city of London, that a moro subtlo, dishonest, and dishonour.iblo way of treating the people who had taken their money to Tasmania and spent it for tho benefit of the Colony never was witnessed, never happened in the most repu- diating stato of South America." We stated that in our opinion those were hard words to bo used by the Chiirman of the Company against the members of a Government who were acting in the interests of the people of tim Cojony on the report of engineers of tho highest landing in the service of Government in tho.iieighboming Colonies, who had expressed themselves as un- animously of opinion that the general conditions of the contract, as far as the construction and maintenance of the Line are concerned, have not been complied with. J It is understood that the deputation have been in frequent communication with the Government during the past week, and it would no doubt be satisfactory to the Members of both Houses of tlic Legislature, when they meet on Tuesday next, to bo informed by Ministers that the R;aiL way Company have made arrangements with the Government for the completion and equipment of tho railway in accordance with the conditions of the contract, as provided by the Act of Par- liament passod in the year 1870, authorising tho construction of tho Railway. Wo have warned Ministers that the eyes of the Colonists are uno*} them, and that tlioy^aro expected to look filter the interests of the people anti BOC that the obli- gations of the contract aro fulfilled. The people of Tasmania have always given a ready wolcoineto strangers visiting ourshorcs, and although the Tasmanian Main Line Railway Com- pany and the Government have not hithort o hoon able to work togothor harmoniously, ve shall only bo too glad lo soo the niattors in dispute all settled, mid the Hallway made such :m it should be, and such as tho Railway Company contracted for, which ¡it tho present .time wo do not believe any engineer of high standing would cortify to. But whether that ho so or not, hospitality does not demand of us that we should make idols of our traducéis. Wo hear that Colonel GHKY and Mr, DAVISON have boon received with open arms by Messrs. GRANT, DOJISOX, 1ÎKIHKV, CROWTHER, and others, avowed partisans of the Company. At the samo timo, while they have received continuous atten- tion from other persons they have met with, there are many persons in tho Colony who havo not forgotten tho description Mr. SHUWAKU, the Chairman of ths Tasmanian Main Lino Rail- way Company, was pleased to give to tho world of the Government and peoplo of this Colony in their transaction with that Company. Wo wore aware tlujt Mr. SUEWAKD was ono of the Directors and Chairman of tho Company when the original prospectus, iuvitiiig subscribers to take, up tlio Company's bonds fot'£'(jhO,000, "vas. issued in February, 1872 ; that the same Mr. SIJEWAED was Chairman of the Board of Directors that issuod tho prospectus for the issue of new aliares in February, 1874, and that tho samo Mr. SiiEWAiiD was also Chairman of tho Board of Directors that issuod that most extraordinary prospectus for tho issue of preference stock for £200,000 in April, 1875 ; and that Mr, SUEWAKD is tho samo Director who was Chairman of the Company at the mooting in July, 1877, when ho was reported to have said that their manager in tho Colony (Mr. GRANT) thought that porhaps the best way to catch a bird, is to put a a little salt on his tail ; and, thoreforo, he had given the Members of the Legislature freo passes on tho railway and would continue to give them, with tho perfect consent of tho Directors, until ho gots out of his difficulty. Ho must make as many friends as ho can, and get 11101103' honestly if ho cal), but 'it ¡ill events he must get money. Wo wore undor tho impression that Colonol GIIKY w¡i3 one of the Directors recently elected by the bondholders, to look after their interests ¡ we find, however, that ho was elected a Director in the Company by tho shareholders, and was most likely present at tho meeting on the 10th July last year, and was, at any vate, responsible for his language-never disavowed, explained away or apologised for-whenthcChairmanof the Company,Mr. SIIBWABD, so shamefully slandered tho GOVERNOR, tho Government, and people of Tasmania ; if so, wo can only say that wo aro somewhat surprised to- hoar that His EXCELLENCY and his Ministers, with somo other folks among us, should bo showing such marked attontion to ono of a body of Diroctors who waited on tho SECRETARY OP STATE for tho Colonies, and asked him to stop our public credit, and who theil finessed with the Stock Ex- change; and procured tho exclusion from tho share- list of our now loan ; to one who is besides tjio representativo of a Company whoso Chairman, went out of his way to simuler tho people of the Colony, who, through their representatives in Parliament will bo ready j,o support the Govern- ment in meeting any chiini the Railway Com- pany can possibly establish agaiiit tho Colony, while at tho sumo time thoy will not shrink from properly discharging thoirduty, and protect- ing its interests from any claims made by the Company against tho Government that cannot fairly be established against them. Tin:HOSPITAL BILL.-The Hospital Board held a meeting yesterday, to consider some of the piovi sions in the Hospital Bill introduced in the House of Assembly, willi special refcrenco to tho constitu- tion of tho hoard. The mooting was unanimously of opinion that tho honorary medical oflicors should bo members of th& hoard and havo voting powors, and a resolution, proposed by Mr. Mather, to poti-. tion both houses at tho Législature to rphtoro tho ' li fth' section of the original bill, In tho Amended Bill, which embodied that principio, was adopted. TASMANIAN PUIILIO LIHUAUV.-Tho following now books wore placed on the table yesturday : Public Picture Galleries of Europe, by Kate Thompson ; La Suisia«, otc, by Longfollow ; Homeric Dictionary ; Ottoimui Empire jn Europe, by E. A. Freeman ; English Rule in India, by ,T. Routlcdge ; 'Story of My Lifo, by Colonel Meadows Taylor) i History of England in Eighteenth Century, by W. 15. H. Loeky, 2 vol.; Leasing, His Life and Wriiiugs, l)V J/ Sime, 2 vol.: Herbert Spencer's " first Principles j " Herbert Spencer's Principles of Biology, 2vol.; Horbert Spencer's Principles of Psychology, 2 vol.; Herbert Spencer's Principles of Sociology ; Annual Register, 1S7IÍ; Life of Milton, by D. Mason, Yols. II., III.; Aroya!»o to the Polar Sea (Alert and Discovery), by Captain Nares, 2 vols.; Dana's Manual of Mineralogy ; Percy's Metallurgy, Vol. II. (Load); Elomonts of Metallurgy, by V. A. Phillips ; Fronde's Short Studies on Groat Subjects, Vol. III. . ,, , , SUNDAY SKRVICKS.-Annual sermons'in connec- tion wjth the Congregational Union and Mission are to'lio pi'oaahed in the Congregational Church, Now Town-ju tho n»oo;iiig by tho Rev. B. S. Bird, and in the evening by tho Rev. f!. Clarke At the Ebenezer Qliapol, tho Bo v. ¡}. liiciiards will preaoh (utlif) morning on "Finding refreshment," npfj in tho evening 'on "Tho1 golden band." The samo goutloinan wili oonduct seryico hi the Mariner's Ghurch at 3 p.m. At tho Congregational Church, Davoy-streot, the Row B. f?7Bird is to .continue his lectures on "Tho Hfo and teaching of St. Paul," the subject of -tho discourse being "Paul'sconversion.1' Mit. Tuas. SHIIIÜEOK.-Letters received in Hobart Town from Mr. Spurgeon give accounts of hjghjy successful services hold hy him in Brisbano, and state that ho intonds roturiiing to Sydney tho first week in September, when ho is to preach a special sermon j,o milliners of the Now South Wales Baptist Union. PitKSKNTATiON.-A pleasing ceremony took placo on Wednesday at the High School, the pupils of which presented the second master, Mr. L. Prior, on the evo of his nnrriage, with a handsome cruet stand and butter dish. Theso woro accompiuied by a neat address, in which the pupils expressed their regard for Mr, Prior, «nd their good wishes for hi« future welfare, ,< > . . >> ,\~ i > . . i . ~ r -? , x.., r - >?. . TEMPERANCE 'MEETING.-A meeting mu "held last evening, at St. George's schoolroom, Battery Point, under the auspices of the Church of England Temperance Society. There was a meagre attend- ance, ond His Lordship the Bishop presided. Addresses on various phases of the Temperance question wore given by tho chairman, the Rev. G. B. Smith, and Mr Charles Abbott"; and a paper"on the economical aspect of the Tcinperanco question was read by Mr. K C. NWell. The proceedings were diversified by vocal aud instruuientul music, and the reading of a report from the promoters of tho Smith Coffee House, showing that it had proved a much greater success than was ever anticipated, and mentioning the fact that tho average number oi dinners supplied at the institution daily was 80. Reference was alsojnado to, the, large amount, ,of. business that was done at the establishment after 5 o'clock p.m. ..jv\»~m , . /' 'yir'u . A'uusB'MEsra.-After a very dull season, wo are about lo be tempted with more attractions in the shape of amu3omcnts than wo require. We have at present the Wheatleigh Dramatic Company, the Infant Mozart Troupe, ,and D'Arcy Scad's ^»host^ audbythes.s. Derwent, which arrived at Launceston yesterday, Clark's Gaiety^Trpupe, comprising Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Sylvester (who have been giving performances in Melbourne in conjunction with Val Vose), Onzalo,'Earnest Voltaire,'Miss 'Minnie Nordt, and others, wore.passengers. The troupe has a variety of attractions, and will no doubt get a^ fair Bhare of public patronage. ' Among the passen-,, gera by the s.s. Ringarooma, which arrived from*» bouriio and lett for Now Zealand yesterday, was Mr. Raphael, the advance agent of Madame Cora and Val Voso, who are about to make a tour through New Zealand. It will be remembered that they were togethor iii South Africa, where they gave a large numbor of performances. jThey.open at In- vercargill about the 3rd September, anil will pro- bably come to Tasmania'before the close of the year. . > 1' ii. ..'«.. THEATRE ROYAL.-The, fifth representation of, The Shamjhraiih,' at t the theatre last evening, _ attracted a large audience, 'tho house being comfort-' ably filled in all parts. The acting of the principal characters appeared to bo thoroughly appreciated and enjoyed, judging from ,the, frequent applause. Two of the most striking1 scene's-tho escape from, the tower, and the wake Bceno (the latter of which gives a'very vivid and humorous exhibitiorrof' this »uroly i Irish custom)-brought dqwn^tho house., To-night the piece «ill be icproduced for the last,' time, and on Monday Boucicault's Irish drama - Arrah-na-Poyiie-will be put on the stage. D'ARCY READ'S, GHOST.-This'entertainment is to open in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening, and will appear for five nights only,' ' '. ;"J ' FOOTBALL.-A match IB to be played at Richmond to-day between.teams selected from the/Tea .Tree aiul Richmond Clubs ; game to commence at 2 p.m. Bbarp. The folio« ing are the names of the players : Richmond: Geo. Hodgson (capt.)(JGeo.' Lawrence, E. Coplestone, F. Gaby, C. Cooley, J. Cooley, S. Do william, J. Green, Jas. Nichols, 'K. Burns,'W. kelly,- J. Guy, W. Hainey, J. Wade, H. Robinson, W. kearney ; emergency, P. Guerin, E. Keady, W. Nichols, W. Harvey. Tea Tree: J. Taylor (capt.), J. Race, G. Pace, J. Oakloy, F. Kenrney,F. Oakley,' C.Pioctor.iW.Broadiibb, W. Duffey, T, Kelly, W, Booth, D. Booth, T. Bull, W. Jarvis, G. Jarvis, T. Jarvis ; cmeigency, Jas. Pace, M. Harwich, lG-J Barwiek. The return match between the City Juniors and Hutchin's School ivill bo played this afternoon on the City Football ground, game to coinmenco at 2'30. The 'players aro i-Citi/ ; T. Molloy (Captain), Goddard)- F. Turner, R. G. Kirby, W. Watohorn, R. Kirby, P. Butler, F. Butler, D. Propsting, IS. Allsopp, A. Hawthorne, J. Cato, H. Horne, W. Sansom. . llntchim School : Mr. ROBS (Captain), A. Morriss, C. Webster, _JV. G oil «laid, H. Dawes, A, Horne, L. Tarleton, P. Roc, C. Bascombe, Jones, T. Westbrook, P. Wilkinson, L. Travers, Brownlow, A. Butler, F. Murphy. Emergencies : Hunter, Hudspeth, Knight. REPAIRING HIE BUTTS.-ThoGovcrnor-iii-Couucil has approved of the sum of £10 being allowed the Southern Tasmanian Ritle Association in aid of ex- penses incurred in lepairing tho Rifle Butts on Mac. quario Point. PUBLICATION.-We have received tho copy of a biochuie, *'Spiritism Unveiled," by Dr. William W. Clariio, of Melbourne. ' ' ' ' AititKM' FOR PERJURY.-A man named Michael Purcell w.as airostod yestciday ,by Constable Elliot, on the iufai mation of Superintendent Prop, sting, for perjury, alleged to have been'committed during the hearing of a case of cruelty to a horse, dealt with at the Comt last Tuesday.' The prisoner will bo brought up at tho Polico Court on Tuesday, noxt. , i . - . Loss OK SHEEP.-During the galo of wind on Monday (says the Devon Herald), a number of dead trees wcro blown down on Skelbrook, Mr. Henry Rockliffs farm at S.issifras. One giant of the forest in its fall unfortunately carno upon no less than ten valuable sheep-Leicester ewes killing them all. Most of thom were completely smashed up, the trunk of the tree falling upon seven of thom. ' » » BROOK'S B.yy*.-Consequent on tho. discovery of human remains at Brook s Bay, 'Constable Bádcock lins visited tho spot where the human'bones wcro discovcied, as reported in Thursday's ¿teran "/,'and found that they consist of a skull, part of the -leg bones, and portions of tho vertebra* ; thoro was also part of a boot, a rusty buckle-apparently!» belt bnpklc-the blade qf a knife, and, singular to relate, the'large bowl of a clay pipe, an excellent'figurfl'of a death's head. An old resident on the river states that 17 or l8 years ago, an old tnan'naméd Louis Ruff, was missing from the locality. Ruff lived in a hut about two miles from the Bay, in the bush, and had one evening been visiting a neighbour on tho banks of tho river. The old follow Btartod for home the saino evening, and was never heard of afterwards, although a search party was organised, and the neighbourhood scoured. A largo bush fire swept over this spot about six years ago, and-has probably destroyed tho other portions of tho frame. The remains have boen gathered awaiting the order of tho Coi oner. ' ' *' * FRANKLIN.-Mrs. Brittain writes us respecting tho proceedings at the Franklin Police Court on Monday, when she ivas fined for keeping an un- licensed dancing room. She explains that about BÍX weeks ago she lot the room, without charge, to a young man, who desiicd to teach «lancing ; that ho formed,a committee out of his pupils to conduct the proceedings ¡ and that the, li limber of mombers waa limited ' to 21, each contributing towards (the expenses, any balance remaining to be appljed for the purpose of holding a ball. At the omi of six weeks a. ball was held, and at the bottom of the invitation sent to friends .the wortjs ¿'¿fra.. Brittain'« Assembly Rooms," were written. That,/ as Mrs, Brittain lemarks, is what the Benah call " a public ball and dancing house" WEATHER AT SOUTHPORT.-On Saturdoy evening wo had a heavy downpour accompanied with strong wind, on Sunday theie was a break in the weather but on Sunday night it carno down in torrents, rain and hail, accompanied with heavy thunder and lightning, the wind blowing from the,S.W. with terrific forco all night and tho following day (Monday) with unabated fury up to about 10 p.m. whciritlullcdalittlc, but is squally np totho present. Trees were uprooted and blown down in all direc- tions. Fears were entertained for the safety of tho post-boy, but through all tho wind and rain Billy arrived at Southport again. Tho road botweon Southport and Port Esperance is blocked up -with several trees, the result of the late galp. ; FIRE AT LVTBOJIK.--A telegram iii tho Examiner says tho atablo and shed belonging to the Wosleyan mission.houso have boen burnt down, The fire was confined to those buildings, but tho stable on Mr. Fletcher's premises adjoining was saved with diffi- culty. The damage is not great, but the buildings wcro.wholly,uuinsured. , ' ,¡ ,, SERIOUS ACOIDENP TO Mu. T. .C.IJARCIIBR.-A serious accidont bofoll Mr. T. C. .Archer, of Wool- mers, on Wednesday. From the Chronicle we leam that * vii ¡lo proceeding loisuroly on horseback along tho Cressy Road, his horso tripped, precipi- tated him violently to tho ground, and rolled ovor bim as ho lay with one foot ontanglcd in tho stirrup. Happily a boot carne off, releasing Mr. Archer before the IIOAQ roso. On recovering consciousness, and feeling seriously hurt, he hailed a passing cart, and was speedily convoyod to the residonco of Dr. Mason, Longford, who fonnd-tho most serious in- juries to consist of a dislocation of tho shoulder, and fracture of several ribs. t Dr. Mason reduced lie dislocation, and, with tho assistaiico of 'Mr. Waltor Gatenby and Mr. Thomas Arthur, so relieved Mr. Archer that ho could bo convoyod to Woolmers in a .close carriage. Wo ¡earn that yesterday Mr. Ai cher was in great pain, and that Borne danger is antici- pated of internal injuries from the fractured ribs. TjiouTi'Oi! VIMORIA. -From t)io Geelong Aiher Hw wo loam that a letter has been rpceived by Mr. Chas. H, Swift from tho Secretary to the Salmon Cominissionejsof Tasmania, informing |iini that the trout ova for the Gcelpng and Western District Fish Acclimatising Society would bo despatched por tho steamer Tamar, from Hobait Town, on the 21st hist. Wo understand that tho ova will bo taken by train fioin Melbourno to Biiriumbcct, and then com eyed to tliu hatching ponds at Sir Samuel Wilson's estate. Tho lime used in olearing the water in Geelong has been found detrimental to the health of the fish, and Sir SamueL Wilson has kindly consented to havo the ova hutched at his pondB, RAILWAY T'CIIET CAM ÇOJ|I-ANY,-An announce- ment elsewhere gives »articulais of tho objocts of this company, which will no doubt commend them- selves to tho public. ' ' 