S Y D N E Y . May 18. (FROM OUE OWN CORRESPONDENT.) I dare say you know that Mr. Bradley has expended a good deal of time and money in the very laudable attempt to acclimatise different varieties of English song birds in New South Wales. Efforts of this kind one might hare thought would have met with the approval and support of every colonist, but it is nevertheless an unpleasant fact that a good many ill-disposed persons have been at the pains to entrap, Bteait and even in some cases wantonly to destroy the feathered songsters introduced at so much cost to the colony. Hitherto Mr. Bradley has been unsuccessful in detecting any of these mean thieves, but at length one of them has been captured redhanded. A man was brought up the other day at the Water Police Couit 011 two charges; firet, that of being unlawfully on the enclosed land of Mr. Bradley ; aud secondly, for having given a false name and address. The defendant, a shoemaker named Campbell, was found on Mr, Bradley's ground with a cage in his possession, evi- dently for the purpose of trapping the birds. The magistrates, I nm gl ad to eav, imposed penalties amounting m all to £(i, with £2 10s. 8d. costs. It is to be hoped that this mav serve as a warning to other thieves of the kind; but it is none the Jess unsatisfactory to <ind offences of this nature so common. It would appear that in this respect there is a very much lower tone of public morality amongst English people than lia, i T ma, , y t i Z ^ r fl°" °f the corr- Unent of Europe the flowers aud works of ait in places of public resort aw perfectly safe under SL'TT 110 " ° f tbC L ,EO L^L-» w 'bilst with UB not eu «ver a grave is held sacred • we can scarcely therefore expect much consiiera'tion To thrushes and blackbirds. saied th Rin^Slb lat i r f A f uu,,, - V ' f'e business transaucd since he date of my last may be disposed of very briefly. Ou Wednesday evening^ Mr. Scholey s seat was declared vacant. Mr S^tber S B R I T , ? ^ tion rf Mio P ? the proposed cout onamtlfto lw'H u° rl,ern R f- U '' a - V fr0l » TH,U- L sdd thn £ 1 ;• r n 61)e^in « lhe >»°Lion tbatSL s^' 61 .^ suited went to show tnat the route by Armidale would accommodate with tbe Inverell T & f ^ T ' i "Ve ™ eo witbin fiw l ™T 8e r T e » V^ever, ^Vould not go witum five miles of Arinida e. The motion was supported by Messre. Dillon, C^eland Tem advocate! the Inverell route, maintaining that a uw-r«inountof4mfllo-inight honoured by this irvTl.v the Armidalo route. The motion was tiS, «R«ed to by 30, to 9. Mr. Copeland «!rvol a resolution for gomg into committee to nsider the advisability of asking the Govern- •Tnt to conclude, as soon as possible, negotiations tj, e imperial authorities for tbe exclusive UBe Tf «n ironclad vessel, such as was recommended l Sir William Jervois, for defence purposes, for «i«>rio(l iHarioil of two years; the cost of maintaining I lia vessel to be borne by the Consolidated Revenue of the colony. The hon. member spoke at BOIUO loneth and with considerate force in support of his proposition, but the House nevertheless displayed niaved very little interest in the tue matter, and there was a count-out at the close of his remarks, before the question had been put to the vote. In the Legislative Council on the same day the Privileges and Powers of Parliament Bill was received irom the Assembly and read a first time. The Appropriation Bill was road a second time; the Kill subsequently passed through couimittce, was repoitcd without amendment, and the report adopted. I had almost forgotten to mention that Mr. M'filhonc moved the adjournment of the House to call the attention of the Government to the ne"lect of the Colonial Architect's department in the matter of paying n contractor. Complaints of this kind, I believe, are funeral in many parts of the colony, ami if Mr. M'Elhone's action should lead to any improvement he will have done good service to government contractors and their credi- tors. At the sitting of the Wesleyan Conference the resolution passed at tbe last Conference, that the class-meeting should be still adhered to as a test of Church membership, was re-alfirined ; but it was also resolved that all who could not be persuaded (o enter the class-meeting should be admitted as communicants and recognised as members of the Church upon their subscribing to the general rules and becoming subject in matters ol discipline to the same regulations as other members. At a meeting of the Political Reform League, a letter ivas read from the agent of the Free Selectors' Association, asking the co-operation of the League in endeavoring to place the laud question on a satisfactory footing. The consideration of this letter was reserved for a future meeting. Some discussion took place with reference to the rejection by the Upper House of the Electoral Bill, and a resolution was passed condemning the action of tbe Legislative Council in throwing out the measure instead of amending it. A case of some interest to agents for theatrical companies and " show " people generally has been heard at tbe Metropolitan District Court. A Mr. Hayman, lessee of the Ki ll)' and Leon troupe of minstrels sued a bill poster named Dunshea for breach of agreement in neglecting properly to post certain bills referring to an entertainment by the troupe. The evidence went to show that defendant bad not fulfilled his contract by posting all the bills agreed for, and that he had partly defaced and covered up the bills of plaintiff with hills of other entertainments. The District Court judge—Mr. Wilkinson—held that the case for the plaint:If had been made out, and gave a verdict for ilO damages. Bill posters will take warnine 6 by this. Sir. J. Roberts, the champion billiardist, has been giving an exhibition of his skill at the Masonic Hid!. He is assisted by Mr. Shorter, also a wonderfully clever player, and the exhibition has been well attended. The inauv valuable services rendered to the community by the late Mr. Mort arc not to be allowed to pass without recognition ; and vciy properly. V>y all tbe many large enterprises winch JJr. Jlort carried out, the interests of tbe colony were promoted, as much as bis own individual prosperity, and in many cases indeed lie appeared to he actuated more by a desire to do good to Xew South Wales than to make money tor himself. A little bit of an enthusiast on one or two net hobbies, his enthusiasm was alway J directed to the one end, - - , that of increasing the importance and prosperity of his adopted country and^ewSouth Wales could do very well with two or three score men possessing similar energy and singleness of purpose. May 22. In matters theatrical there is not much new to A ,V he G,liUiI) »ll, Mr. Read's Ghost j&e; old Polytechnic spectre well-known to Londoners twenty years ago-is still drawing good houses. At the Queen's Theatre Messis. Bakei ai a tarron have been delighting large audiences at lhe Victoria, Mr. Uni n' , d am \ w line " l tbe r6le of Werner in J ^d Byron , tragedy. Perhaps tbe most sensal^ f r ^ whlcb il Sydney audience have been mil, , timu is M,s - Seott-Siddons's rendering of Madame Vine in " East Lynne," ve r >' i K r ' ^ ^ T / one even vuen the prmc.pal character is not in the bands w'nL l ' al % flct, ' ess< Jt is « Piece to make r ri7 1 0 " ),lke cveu meu exhibit more S S ' a V, h f y ofte » show. For that BU S W T l 5, - e Wposeit is heresy to il, ' but 1 niai, »tain that these sensational anl e B v ": ,0Ul, ,« 00d iu their effects. But I wofit subieci mi j'j C l ' 8 any argument on the Sol ^ to have weiMnivo n I Lynne " school, we may as 0 oi u f\ cle^)' .Vl>e>rorined, and there is Bt n r . 'n^, 1 ' 8 - fairly surpassed her- S a 1 ,: ' 01^, t 0 . ^ justice to lhe author, full of the ™ | C1 ' sl f J s! ' ca ''.V applauded «t tl.e For f ? wk ' ct 8,,0H ' er of l '0«i<iuels. form of nl >T lUe,,cjr w ; ith w!,ich °» e ™mmon 1> 1 (i elti ,urcc »V-that of stealing goods exwiu I A S ^ d ? v?8 - i8 eomto blame fr t 1>k f e l lcW are almost as much truly said il!nf ° T lbievcs li ha ' s »«cn very a "d (liere i1"Ppoftmnty makes the thief/' "tolen ftl" "l d 2 ubt ^ V m,, y »» "Hide is a poSl • 811 , never ,,ave b <*» betrayed into positively criminal act, but for the temptation thus holdJUII,. .Thesejogo reflections haye been (suggested hy a visit to the police court, where some men were convicted of purloining goods exposed in front of a shop, the police magistrate very properly remarking that the practice ought 15 to be put a stop to. The Birthday review is this year to take place in the outer Domain. This is where it used to be held, but as for various reasons it was found to be a most unsuitable place, of late years the review has taken place in Moore Park. Why the authorities have decided to revert to the old ground I don't know, but I am satisfied that tbe change is 8 a great mistake. The gold-lield at Glen Morrison appears to be looking up. A very favorable report has been received by the Secretary lor Mines from the Mining Registrar and Warden's clerk at Walcha with reference to recent crushings from the diggings in question. In contrast with tbe readiness to promise in a vague sort of way anything and everything which may be demanded from them, so characteristic of a few Ministers I could name, stands a very candid avowal by Mr. Ifiizpatrick a lew evenings since m the Assembly. In reply to a query as to whether the Government intended bringing in a Bill for the regulation of tbe Civil Service, the Colonial Secretary intimated the Ministers bad no objection to do so, but that tliev thought " they had made as many promises for next session as they could reasonably hope to redeem." I think so too, as the Land Bill alone is very likely to require the attention of hon. members for a considerable portion ol the time. There is nevertheless much need of the other item of reform referred to, and the eooner it is brought about the better. The abolition of tolls agreed to last vear does not seem to be working so satisfactorily as had been anticipated. At any rate is alleged that in the case of ferries the working of them by Government officers does not tend so much to the convenience of tbe public as tbe old system, under which the lessee had a direct personal interest in the facilitation of traffic. Consequent upon complaints made to this effect a resolution was moved m the Assembly on Thursday for rescinding the previous resolution ; and several members spoke m favor of a return to the old plan. The motion was, however, lost on divisions by 21 to 17. In tbe Legislative Council, on the same night, the Parliamentary Powers and Privileges Bill was thrown out; the motion for the second reading being negatived by 8 to 7. The shipload of immigrants by the Erato have been disposed of in much the same way as previous batches of young women who have been induced to visit our shores at tbe cost of tbe colony. That is to say, four-fifths of the number have gone'to join their friends in different parts of the country^ leaving little over a dozen to supply the wants of Sydney households in tbe matter of domestic servants. And of this dozen half were young wouieu so utterly inexperienced in all household duties as to be next door to worthless as assistants. For tlie lew remaining who appeared likely to be of any use there was of course brisk competition among the employers, and all were speedily engaged. The prorogation of Parliament took place yesterday. The Governors speech is not notable for any departure from the ordinary beateu track, lu the last session little has been done, and little acdcoring'can be said of the work accomplished. The most satisfactory part is tbe assurance that the revenue from all sources is increasing. A few vague promises arc given of good things in store for ns next session ; an intimation is given that railway works already sanctioned will be pushed ahead and that some further extensions will be imposed. The colony is congratulated upon the jreak-up of the drought—and voila (out. Before the prorogation, however, the new Land Bill was laid on the table, and I enclose you a copy 