SOME ACCIDENTAL JOKES. It has often been said that the best jokes are those whioh are made by accident, and this is certainly the case with proper names. Few intentional " bulls" have ever been mora complete than tbe srava official en trv in a list of Scottish landed proprietors : " John Elder, tbe younger, in right of Mrs. Margaret Husband, his wife." The worthy country gentleman who, eighty years ago, taunted the leadsr of the English opposition with looking like " a fox that had fallen into a pit," was as mnch astounded as anyone at tbe roar of laughter which greeted this un conscious pan upon the names of Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox. The three last governors of the Don Cossaoks have ohanoed to bear names whioh respectively signify Fire, Flood, and Fiend. In the list of tbe English Navy for the last oentury the reader's eye is still startled by tbe sight of tbe frigate Vengeance, commanded by captain Death, with a first offioer oalled William Dsvil, and a surgeon bearing the pleasantly suggestive name of John Ghost. But of all the authentic cases of this kind, the most singular is one which occurred at a waysid9 taveru in the West of England not many years ago. Three roister ing commercial travellers meeting there one winter evening, bad a hearty carouse to gether as a matter of course. Supper over, the three found some difficulty in allotting their respective shares of the bill ; but one of them at length cut short the dispute by pro posing that whoever had the " oldest name" among them should go scot free, the expenses being halved by the other two. This amend ment being promptly accepted, No. 1 pro duced a card inscribed " Richard Eve," whioh No. 2 trumped with "Adam Brown." The No. 3, a portiy veteran with a humor ous grey eye, laid down his card with the quiet confidence cf a great general making a decisive movement, and remarked with a thick chuckle, " I don't much think you'll beat this 'un, gents." And he was right, for the name was " Mr. B. Ginning." Tickle. — Lord Brougham, proverbial for his gallantry to the fair sex, was pleading in a jury case before the late Lord , and his client, happening to be a female, and defender in the action of tbe name of Tickler, he commenced his speech in the following humorous strain — " Tickler, my client, the defendant, my lord." The audience, amazed with the oddity of the speeoh, were almost drawn into hysterics of laughter by the judge replying — "Tickle her yoursel', Harry ; you're better able to do't than I am." 