Yacht-Racing in England. [BT OUH. OVS CORRESPONDENT.] THE THAMES AXD CHANNEL MATCHES. The first blush of the yachting season is over, for the past four weeks Erith, Greenhithe, Gravesend, Southendj and Harwick, the Downs, and Doverwick, have been gay with the white-winged craft of our pleasure navy, but the Thames season has closed this week, and most of the crack racing vessels are on their voyage round the Lizard, for the north-west coast, where in the Mersey and Clyde, at Barrow, Kingstown, and Belfast Lough, a series of regattas will keep them fully occupied until early August summons them to the Solent, for the three weeks set apart annually for the Royal Yacht Squadron, Victoria, and Albert regattas, at Cowes, Ryde, and Southsea. In spite of the fact, that the gloom that for many months past has been overshadowing the political and commercial horizons has not materially lifted, yachtsmen have not let the weed grow on the bright copper of their racing craft. In yacht-racing, as well as in cricketing circles, matters have been brisker than usual, and the debut of several new clippers has been watched with much interest. Matches, however, are too numerous, and the space at my disposal is too limited to enable me to go into details, except with reference to the two or three lead ing contests, and my notes must be taken as a concise epitome of the form of the crack vessels as evinced in the matches of the season in the Thames. The Royal Thames Cutter Matches, followed on succeed ing days by those of the Royal London and New Thames Clubs, opened the season the lost week in May. Volau Vcnt, 104 tons; Fiona, 77.; Neva, 63; and Neptune, 51, wore the competitors in both the Thames and New Thames matches for big cutters, and a nice topsail breeze on each occasion tried the running, reaching, and weatherly qualities of the vessels. Colonel Markhain, however, held the trump card with the beautiful Vol-au-Vent, and won both £100 prizes, the Neva on each occasion finishing with second honours. Last year's form was thus maintained, though perhaps the Scotch 60-tonner was hardly in her best trim. The Fiona wanted more wind to enable her to show her stern to this pair of flyers. The 40-tonners in the three matches were represented by the Myosotis, the queen of lost season ; Coryphee, a new vessel from the Clyde, whose mainsail did not sit well, and who was very slow in going about when it came to turning to windward ; Christine, and Coralie. The absence of the cracks, Norman and Blood hound, was much regretted. Variable winds in the New Thames match gave the Coryphee her maiden victory, she beating the Myosotis by nearly four minutes, but the latter had her revenge in the London match, which she won from the Cylde debutante by nearly twice that time. Myosotis would undoubtedly have won the Royal Thames race as well, but she was disgracefully blanketed by the Neptune, which vessel had not a ghost of a chance of a prize in her class — the big vessels — and ought to have given way. As it was the three forties finished a grand race in light airs, only separated by 66 seconds, the Coralie taking the first and Myosotis second prize. The three vessels, as they came up Gravesend Reach under every stitch of canvas, and almost stern and stern, presented a most beautiful spectacle to a yachtsman's eye. The new Thames Channel match from Southend . to Harwick brought out a good fleet of thirteen, of which, singular to relate, the majority were yawls, of which un sightly but popular, viz., the Jullanar and Neptune were the cracks, whilst Vol-au-Vent, Neva, and Fiona were the pick of the cutters, and Miranda the only schooner. The wind was shifty, and the match not very interesting, though the crews had plenty of work. The Jullanar in a dead calm came in first by twenty minutes, and won the prize 6 £60,* and Fiona, managing to save her time from Volau Vent, the cutter prize, Tlanvick Regatta was brought off in the very lightest of airs, and the winning vessels did not pass the mark boat until the early hours of the following morning. Jullanar, Neva, and Myosotis were the winners in the respective classes. But these shortcomings were fully compensated for by a grand match from Harwick to South end, in a piping breeze, and a new vessel, the Formosa, a 103-ton cutter, achieved a victory which at once stamped her as a rival of Kriemhilda, Vol-au-Vent, and Cythera, the crack big cutters. She was built by Ratsey, and almost on the same model to that which gained the first prize at Fishmongers' Hall a few weeks ago. She does not belie her name, as she is a very beautiful vessel to look at, and in a thrash of 47 miles to windward beat the second vessel, Jullanar, by nearly two hours. She had a bit of luck in the matter of tides, but the way she turned to windward was marvellous, and especially so, as Jullanar, Neva, and Fiona, were seen at ( uieir very best, a more eventim ana triumphant debut was never made, and the following week her great performance was the subject of every yachtsman's conversation. The season in the Thames was, as usual, brought to an eventful close with the Royal Thames Channel match from the Nore to Dover. This match has been regularly sailed every year since 1864, and is universally admitted to be the Derby of yacht racing ; it always brings out the largest fleet of the season, and, curiously enough, is but seldom favoured with a true wind, a snorting sow- wester with a sea as steep as a cliff at the back of the Goodwins, or paltry airs, .which, would not stir the lace fringe on a lady's parasol on deck, being the rule. The latter state of affairs prevailed on the 15th; and, after a tedious match, the beautiful Florinda, invincible in light airs, won by a long distance. Of this, the most important match of the . season, I append a full description. The starting of the Corinne and Sea Belle would have added to the strength of the schooner class, but in that weather no vessel afloat could have expected to beat the Florinda, and her success; was very popular at Dover. In fact, this beautiful yaclit is the'favourite racing vessel of our pleasure navy. Yachts. Rig. Tons. Owners. Australia. . . . Schooner. ... 206 Mr. W. W. Hughes. Miranda .... „ .... 140 Mr. G. C. Lainpson. Nina ? „ .... 122 Mr. W. Rudge. Egeria ? „ .... 156 Mr. J. MulhoUand, M.P. Formosa ? Cutter .... 103 Mr. F. Sloane Stanley. Vol-au-Vent „ .... 104 Colonel Markham. Fiona ? „ .... 77 Mr. E. Boutcher. Oiniara ? „ .... 165 Mr. J. Wylie. Neva ? „ .... 63 Mr. F. Cox. Ada ? Yawl .... 147 Mr. F. H. Barclay. Lufra ? ', „ ? 221 Mr. J. Houldsworth. Opal ? „ ? 56 Mr.H. Willis. Florinda ? „ .... 136 Mr. W. Jessop. Corisande ... ,, .... 152 Mr. J. Richardson. Neptune .... ,, . . . . ? 50 Mr. A. O. Wilkinson. Jullanar ? „ .... 128 Mr. A. D. Macleay. Course : From the Nore to Dover, leaving the West Oaze buoy on the port hand, and the Shivering, Tongue, the lightships, and all the marks of the Goodwins on the starboard hand. A quarter of a minute per ton time allowance. The wind was very light from about north-east in the morning when the signal for starting was made at 8.50, the yachts getting their own anchors and having after canvas set. Neptune, Oimara, and Jullanar had the weathermost berths. Opal and Australia being most to leeward, about three- quarters of a mile nearer the Cant Sands. The first to show in front at the start was Formosa, with Ada, Egeria, and Vol-au-Vent next. Oimara got her anchor foul of the Nore lightship's moorings, and after losing quite a quarter of an hour in trying to get it, had to slip her chain. All set working square- headed topsails and jibtopsails, Volau Vent and Formosa having balloon foresails. Neva and Fiona got badly away, being jammed up in the middle of the fleet, and were soon a long way. astern. Soon after lie start Vol-au-Vent appeared to get a lift of the wind, and although more out in the strength of the tide, went past Formosa, and was leading vessel about half a mile ahead of the other large cutter. Near the Shivering buoy Formosa, holding a rare good wind, went through * Vol-au- Vent's lee, and soon had over half a mile's lead, sailing very fast. Here the wind freed them a little, and Florinda, with Ada in attendance, went up to the two leading cutters, and, reaching fast, went past them near Prince's lightship. Spinnaker booms were now lowered to port, but the wind was not enough aft to carry spinnakers, and no change was made, excepting that balloon foresails were set. Egoria had by this time reached up to Vol-au- Vent, and with Jullanar close to her, tried to get past the cutter to windwjird, but, of course, without feuccess, and allowing Jullanar to slip away clear. Miranda, was rapidly coining up, and, going right through the lee of Egeria and Vol-au-Vent, was away after the leaders. The vessels astern were now getting more wind, and were coming up very quickly on those ahead, Fiona taking the breeze right up to _Yol-au-Vent, the order at the Tongue lightship being— Florinda, Ada, Jullanar, Formosa, Miranda, Vol au-Vent, Fiona, Egeria, Lufra, Corisande, Neva, Opal, Australia, Oimara, and Neptune, Nina having gone down through the Gull. The wind was now very light, and spin nakers were boomed out and set on bowsprits. All along the back of the Goodwin Sands the vessels nearest the sands seemed to feel most of what wind there was, and gradually crept up and passed those to leeward, Fiona and Neva pas sing the two larger cutters as if they had been at anchor. In. fact, the only vessel which appeared to get a true wind was the Florinda, and she was steadily leaving the others, the timing of the first four vessels as they luffed up at the East Goodwin being — h. m. s. ±i. m. s. Florinda ? 5 3 20 Jullanar ? 5 11 15 Ada ? 5 12 25 Corisande ? 5 14 45 It was now a reach, and with the tide running hard with, her Florinda was away all safe for the prize. At the south lightship Jullanar and Ada had a luffing match, which did both good, as they got in nearer the land and got more wind but the drift to Dover was a tedious affair, the timing at the finish being — H. H. S. Florinda (winner of £100) ? 6 30 30 Jullanar ? 6 44 25 Ada ? 6 46 0 Fiona ? 6 52 0 Corisande ? 6 53 20 Neva (winner of £50) ? 6 54 15 Formosa ? 6 56 5 Miranda (winner of £50) ? 6 57 45 Lufra ? 7 7 0 London, June 29. ANGLICANUS. 