ROYAL I'lilNCtiStf THE A THE. "HAMLKT." The theatre was tolerably well attended last evening ou the occasion of the second perform ance of " Hamlet" by the huly mid gentlemen amateurs t>f Ibis city. Owing to the great success attending Wednesday night's performance, it was decided by the representation committee to give a repetition of it in order that the sum to be handed over to the Easter Fair might be as baud some a one as it deserved tube. Unfortunately, however, a steady rain set in last evening before the hour 6i commencing the performance, and the night looked most threatening and uninviting; the ellect of this upon the attendance at the theatre was that numbers who intended to bo present at the performance did not go because of the iuelement state of the weather; but as. .1 proof of what the public thought .of tiie merits of "Hamlet," evon the very rough 1 uight did not stand in the way of many hundred people attending the theatre; the re ceipts for the evening were £10. So far as the performance itself is concerned it was even of a more 'enjoyable nature, more complete and finished generally than on Wednesday night; the suggestions made on points in which improve ment could be effectod were taken in the spirit intended, and the ru:;ult was that the perfor mance went much smoother, and the general ave s-ag« merit attained was much higher. There was more attention paid to the mounting of the play, and tiie introduction of a liine-light, by Mr. Paul, in the ghost scene, and where Ophelia appears in her crazed state, greatly added to the effectiveness of these scenes. Though consider able improvement had been made in the play und churchyard scenes in the way of filling in the; background with additional characters, they still lacked something more. Mr. Dillon's Hamlet, upou a further acquaintance, shows itielf even in a stronger light, with greater poiuta of merit thai; what one can discover at a lirst representation. The -areful attention to detail is more apparent, tiie delicate phases of the character are seen more clearly, the correct ness and consistency of tho general conception forces itself with greater distinctness upon the auditor, aud commands his unqualified ad miration. Mr. Dillon may pride himself upon balngable to give an interpretation of "Hamlet" such as HO actor need for a moment hesitate to acknowledg?/ There was 110 change in the cast, and each character was sustained in a manner that made the success of the representation as a whole complete. Mr. Carss is specially to be commended for the manner in which he played i'oloums; it was ou the present occasion made a far more correct performance, and left 110 margin for further improvement. As Polouius was performed last evening it would have been a credit to the abilities of the best actor. Mr. H. Jackson, jun., also made his Laertes a more even effort; but tb.eru is 110 need to again mention the meritorious performance of each gentleman and lady who took a part in the tragedy, though of Miss Q'tiullivau, we cannot refrain from again expressing a great admi ration and appreciation of the fine read ing she gave of the part of Ophelia. It was a natural and giaceful piece of acting, such as 110 one would desire to see excelled. In a word tlu-u the seeoiul representation of "Hamlet" was a greater success than the first, au<i we do trust that on some future occasion the gentlemen who luiv'o distinguished them selves in this grand work of Shakespere in so marked a manner, will again afford the public the • great pleasure of witnessing another re presentation. ' The orchestra last evening again performed 8»me excellent seleotions of music, but the chief feature in connection ' wi'h this part of the entertainment was the performance tjf Master Arthur Fluster and his brothor Alwin, two lads not of the combined ages of 25; Master Arthur, in tho absence of Mr. Wen l<iok, alone played the lirst and Alwin tho second violin parts in- ail the selections given by the orchestra during' the evening, and in a manner, too, that was most appreciable, more especially as rve luarii that the brothers have only been students of the violin for about tiventy months. Mr. Weller, the stage manager, inust not be forgotten in this concluding notice of the performance. He is deserving of no ordi nary word of praise for the way in which he discharged his important duties, which arc more material to the success of a performance than most people imagine. 