MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1878. Now that the flight of Shere Ali and the probable absence of resistance to our ad- vancing forces seems so far confirmed as the want of contradiction or qualification can confirm it, and now that the rectification of our Indian frontier is authoritatively an nounced, it seems a proper time to call to mind a few facts and probabilities bearing upon our Eastern policy in respect of antagonism to Russia. It would be only misleading if we were to regard the conduct of Russia in making this diversion in Afghanistan as wholly exceptional and as merely intended to lead astray our atten tion for a time from the European chess board. Those who refuse to regard Russia as a serious competitor with us for Asiatic influence argue that nothing was more natural than her move in Afghanistan as auxiliary only to her European policy. "We have forbidden Russia, they say, to make a treaty of her own devising with Turkey, and have then proceeded to make a separate treaty with Turkey to suit ourselves. We have brought to bear all the forces of in dignant Europe to limit Russia's enjoy ment of territory which she had already conquered, and we then induced Turkey to gire us a' valuable island without putting us to the trouble of conquering it at all. There is nothing surprising, therefore, they say, in Russia's retaliating by performing in Asia a manoeuvre so similar to the one we have just completed at Berlin and in the Levant. The very same class of people, who are the reverse of Russophobists, also take a great deal of trouble in discussing- what are the most convenient boundaries for our Eastern Empire, with a view to convincing us that any extension of our present boun daries, or, indeed, any military operations beyond them, would involve the risking of the very tenable position which we hold at present. Our present boundary, we are told, is a compact natural boundary, and easily defensible against an invading force, and if we transgress our present limits we shall only be unnecessarily dilating our front, inviting attack, and occupying what we cannot keep. It is better, they say, to ''await the Russians'' where we are. When people talk about " awaiting the Russians," it carries with it the idea of occupying strong entrenchments, fixing bayonets, and preparing to resist cavalry; and if the first appearance of our enemy were in the shape of an open attacking force there would be no doubt but that all questions of natural defences and mili tary position would be of the very first importance. But we must remember that Russia is not likely to march an invading force against India until she has prepared the way by numerous preliminary steps- This affair in Afghanistan is, no doubt, only one of them. It is in side India that our chief danger lies. The facility with which the last mutiny was got up, the trivial nature of its pre text, and the suddenness of its outburst, were quite enough to give a hint to any Power which might covet India, as to the internal conditions which would render an invasion an economical and easy operation. It is well understood that the late Russian victories in Turkey have not all been won in the field, but that other metals than iron have had a good deal to do with the timely evacuation of fortresses and passes. If Russia has really set her heart on India we may depend upon it that she has already native agents in every town of importance and at the Court of every powerful chief, and that the peninsula is already covered by her spies and her journalists. No Russian force, we may be quite sure, will advance against India by land or sea unless certain of allies -within the country itself. Russia's own posses sions are sufficiently large to enable her to ' keep a large force there for alleged object which we could not legitimately question, and those possessions are so very close to oure throughout the whole length, of our boundary as to enable an attack to be-made ;in two or three quarters at once without our receiving very long warning. Russian flotillas are often found in Eastern waters where they have a very good excuse for cruising, and they might present themselves very suddenly at awkward parts of our coast, but if they do so it will not be with a view of encountering the patriotic re sistance o£ English and Indians- combined. What we have to consider, therefore, in this affair of Afghanistan, and in all mea sures which we adopt for the protection of India, is what is it that our native Indian subjects look for at our hands ? They are a people who have their affections and preferences like ourselves, but they worship superior force, succumb to what they regard. as fate, and are amenable to the influence of fear to an extent of which no European can easily judge. They expect us, if we mean to hold' India, to show a bold front to Russia. That that power is our rival for Eastern dominion is known throughout the East. Turks and Persians, Bedouins and Tartars, all gossip on the familiar theme and speculate on the result of the contest which they expect; and the in terior tribes though they may not relish their European masters, would still fight for them under liberal promises of glory and of wealth is the rich lands beyond the mountains. Fortunately for us, the cruel ties of Russia to her recently subjugated Asiatics have reached the ears of our own Indian people, who, therefore, fear Russia for her cruelty. Fortunately also it is Russia who is hostile and we who are friendly to the nation which is looked up to by every follower of Mahomet, and thus, in India, the fanaticism of the Mussulmen is on our side. Nay more, our rivals belong to that one of the two classes of Christians which the Mahometan hates. He divides Christians into those who, according to his belief, worship images and those who do not. We English. ap pear to the follower of the prophet to rank next in orthodoxy to himself, as the founder of our faith is ranked by Mahomet as second only to him; but the Russian who keeps a saint honored and conspicuous in every room of his house is among those whom the prophet was sent to put to the sword. But all these advantages in the way o popularity and patriotic and religious senti ment we may lose if we allow the Indians to think that any native prince may defy us. and no broad distinction will be drawn as to whether that prince lives this or that side of a boundary. Nor must we show ourselves too easily satisfied with the nominal submission of the native or the verbal professions of his instigator. "The policy of temporary submission with a view to a resumption of an offensive attitude when convenient is nowhere better under stood than in India. This policy is the policy of the coward, and we must beware lest any appearances of satisfaction at the advantages already gained in Europe are attributed to fear of our enemy. The recent Congress and our preparatory armaments nave been keenly canvassed and criticised throughout India, and already the native has begun to suggest that the reason who we are so pleased with paper is because we have a wholesome dread of powder, and are knights more of the pen than of the sword. Whether India is a losing concern to us (as Mr. Grant-Duff, the late Under-Secretary, insinuates in his recent article), or whether it will be certain to be a dead loss to Russia if she gets it, are quite other questions. What is certain is that the power which intends to hold India must be prepared at every moment and in every part of the dominion to draw the sword in proof of title. Otherwise a rival has only to show himself to be strong and in earnest in order to have his overtures re ceived in a very friendly way; nay, even though that rival be regarded with, fear or dislike. The rising sun, though red as blood, commands its worshippers. We say farewell with regret to our English, viators. Our cricketers are too cosmo politan to grudge them their victory, due to superior skill, but will count the day -which concluded the match as an Olympiad, and would not object to mark their years henceforth by a recurrence of the same festival. There are people who do not care for cricket, but a far greater number consider that a more pleasant form of social gymnastics it would be difficult to imaging, nor one in which the players with but moderate danger and no excessive toil can both enjoy pleasure themselves and impart pleasure to an almost unlimited collection of spectators. The game has vastly altered since the days of underhand bowling, heavy bats, and long swipes. If our athers who wielded the heavy dull late of half a century ago — bats four inches and a half thick at tile bottom, and looking like a section of a pavior's ram—could handle the light elastic work of art wielded by the modem bats man, it would at first sight incite them to a reflection on modem degeneracy. The victorious bat of the great Felix Wanos trocht, covered over with the records of his scores cut from the newspapers of the day, would not now evoke the same reve rent admiration from the youths of a public school as it did when proudly exhibited forty years ago to the hero's pupils at Blackheath. In like manner the cumbrous gloves and leg-pads which now ensheath the defender of the wicket would appear proof of our effeminate tendencies if exhibited to the ghosts of those who shielded the left knee with nothing thicker than a silk hand kerchief, and who regarded the first inven tion of roundhand bowling as a device of Satan for ruining a national pastime. It was old Lilly white, who kept the ground at Brighton and was the lessee of a modest publichouse hard by, to whom it first oc curred that a sweep of the arm at right angles to the spine did not amount to "a throw," any more than an equal sweep parallel to the same spine. Great was the controversy on the subject, but no one could convict the inventor of round-hand bowling of infringing the rule against throwing, and so the innovation was allowed. Lilly white was doubled in value as a member of the Sussex Eleven, which often conquered by his aid, until the art became general, liberally communicated as it was in consideration of half- a-crown an hour bestowed on the inventing genius himself. "Old Lilly," as he was called, has, alas gone to his fathers, and the cricket field and hurnble tavern have been swept off to make way for a bran new terrace, com posed of what Sir Robert Peel called " the residences of the vulgar rich." The inven tion, however, not only remains, but has received improvements and extensions which would have caused alarm in the breast of the first inventor. All that " Lilly" did was to move the arm at right angles to the spine, never raising the hand higher than a line drawn from shoulder to shoulder. But there came a man whose spine was capable of a lateral curvature unknown to "Lilly," and this innovator in the very act of propulsion gave himself a swing, which lowered the left shoulder and raised the right, and so enabled the arm to be raised considerably higher without being more than a prolongation of the line which went from shoulder to shoulder. And thus the bowling acquired greater speed. But we will not vex the ghosts of our ancestors by describing every step of the downward course by which bowling has arrived at its present depravity of pace, necessitating on the part of the opponent an artificial encasement than which a suit of chain armor could scarcely be more cum brous. It is only under the burden of this panoply, however, that a score is now to be ob tained even in the sultry heat of the tropics. And, strangely enough, the more artificial the game was made, the more its popu larity spread. Even in the school days of those who are now middle-aged men cricket was no more known in the North of England than was football in the South- Except in the South, it was seldom popular and was seldom scientifically played- Thanks, however, to improved means of communication, and especially to the interest awakened by the chronicles of play given in the Press, both of these games have spread over the whole country up to the Tweed. Nor is this wholly the result of the merits of the game itself; for the time at which cricket began to develop itself into the shape which it has now assumed was the period of the great gymnastic revival. For two centuries active games for adults of the upper classes had been wholly un known. After a bid left school it was beneath his dignity to take off his tight tail coat and take part in a game, except when once a year, on a festive day, he re visited with the air of a patron the scenes and associates of his schoolboy days. Nor, indeed, was any exercise open to him at all except in the pursuit of game, an expensive amusement and the privilege of the few. Since the re linquishment of the sword as a. weapon or an ornament, even the fencing-school rarely afforded an excuse for doffing the tight broadcloth which restrained the un developed limbs of the scion of respecta bility. But the time at last came. At first a few scientific men, struggling against much prejudice and aspersion, set on foot the great gymnastic movement which is one of the most remarkable features of modern society. Slowly at first, but at length with an overwhelming- burst, the public taste and good sense responded to the call. Men's dress and ways of life soon adapted j themselves to the fashionable innovation, and at last we can no longer complain of being under athleticised. Cricket, like other public games, has received the benefit of the movement, indeed more than most of them. It is to its eminently social character that this must be chiefly attri buted. Kot only may each club form the most pleasant little society in itself, but it has the merit of being able to please all the rest of society at large with which it may be in no way connected. In the Australian colonies the game, like all otter English institutions really suited to us, has been rapidly acclimatised ; and indeed, though this colony is rather behindhand at this moment, Australians are acknowledged to be better cricketers than our English brethren. The social benefits of the game are, moreover, more -ours than theirs, for we have more to gain than they have, for the present at least, in those mutual visits which tend to make these colonies and their people known to the English public. And if a closer connection with the mother country,and a voluntary im migration hither from the class of well-to-do people at home are likely to lie promoted by a mutual interchange of cricketing visits, we may congratulate ourselves on the recent one, which we hope is not the last we shall receive. The British forces, it will be seen by the telegrams we publish this morning, still continue their victorious march in Afghan istan, and the enemy does not seem very ready to resist their advance. The country is like a house divided against itself. One important pass is unoccupied; the officials and, other influential personages at Jella labad are tendering submission, and it is said that at Cabul, the Ameer's capital, where doubtless it is intended Her Majesty's re presentatives shall dictate terms of peace, the Afghan soldiers are apparently not inclined to fight. Mr. Whitbread's motion in the House of Commons condemning the action of the Government in connection with this war has been negatived by a grand majority, notwithstanding the vio lent attacks of Mr. Gladstone and Lord Hartington upon the Indian Viceroy. It is a pity that the liberal cause should be in any way associated with a policy that, if successful, would have a disastrous effect upon the influence and position of England in her Indian Empire and in Europe. A sad item of news is that the Princess Alice, who is so popular throughout the United Kingdom, is alarmingly iIl. By the last mail intelligence was re- ceived that Mr. John H. Henderson, the second son of the Rev. J. Henderson, had successfully passed the preliminary examination of the medical classes at the Glasgow University. Mr. John Durdin has left an excellent sample of potatoes at the office of the Wallaroo paper which had been grown on his land at Kulpara. Mr. Durdin states that he can grow potatoes in a sufficient quantity to be profitable. The land cultivated gave a return of from four to five tons per acre. The Hobart Town Mercury states that the body of Truganini, the last of the Tas manian aboriginals, which was buried in the graveyard attached to the Cascades Factory, has been exhumed, the bones denuded of the flesh, and the skeleton handed over to the Royal Society for scientific purposes. An open air meeting was held at Port Adelaide on Saturday afternoon to consider the present position of the Sydney seamen with reference to the Chinese question. There were About 250 persons present, and Councilor Rann presided. Various speakers addressed the meet ing, and propositions sympathetic with the men on strike were passed, and a collection was made on the ground. We regret to have to record the sudden death of Mrs. Henry Simpson, of Ridge Park, Glen Osmond, which took place at noon on Sun day, December 15, at the house of her daughter, Mrs. George Connor, near the Woodville Rail way Station. She was taking a bath when the sad event occurred. The City Coroner has been communicated with, and there will probably be as inquest. The Wallaroo paper learns " that Captain W. S. Phillips has proceeded to Barunga for the purpose of purchasing wheat for Mr. C. Kimber. who has chartered the Albert William to load at Wallaroo with breadstuffs for the English market. It is intended to stack the wheat at the terminus at Barunga until the line is completed, when it will be conveyed to market either at Kadina or Wallaroo." Mr. Kain, farmer, of Napperby, sustained a severe loss on Saturday, December 7. He had just completed the erection, of a new house, which he was about to occupy, the furniture having been placed in it, when it was discovered to be on fire. Everything was destroyed. Mr. Kain's loss, according to the Port Pirie paper, is estimated at £400, and as the property was uninsured the item is a. heavy one. Mr. James Clark, J.P., who was re- quested by the Government to undertake a visit of inspection to the North-Eastern Experi mental Farm at Mannahill, has returned to town. His report will be laid before the Com missioner of Crown Lands in a few days. As Mr. Clark is a practical farmer of long colonial experience, his impressions with regard to the Government establishment and the capabilities of the North- East country will be of value. Residents at the Semaphore have been complaining lately of the uncertainty of the water supply, and it is stated that on Saturday it was extremely difficult to obtain a drink, while a bath was out of the question. During the winter season the matter is not of so much importance, but in summer it is of vital moment, and in case of fire the damage which might be done through lack of water is fearful to contem plate. \- Recently a fire occurred on board a small cutter lying at Telowie Beach, resulting in the total destruction of the craft and every thing on board. The Port. Pirie Gazette reports that the owner, J. Calder, a fisherman, had lighted a fire on board for cooking purposes, and while absent for a short time inland a strong wind commenced to blow, causing sparks to fly about and ignite the boat. Calder has suffered greatly by the loss, as in addition to the host being burnt all that he possessed was totally consumed by the fire. With reference to the two lost explorers ; in Western Australia, Mr. Alfred Woolley, the father of one of them, writes to the Melbourne Argus as follows: —'•For the comfort of their friends, I may state that their plan when leav- ing Adelaide (as related by my son to his sister), was to leave the waggon in the desert, and push on with as little luggage as possible, taking water and provisions, a part of which would be deposited at each camping place for their return trip, and push on in search of water. If they found it, they would explore the country before returning; if not, they would return at once. I am, therefore, in hopes they have been suc- cessful" ; A meeting of the shareholders of the Port Adelaide and Lefevre's Peninsula Ferry Company was held at the offices of the Secre- tary, Port Adelaide, on Friday afternoon, De cember 13. There were 15 shareholders present, representing 471 shares, and Mr. W. Christie presided. The balance-sheet showed a debit balance of £46. The report stated that the Directors thought of letting the Ferry, but on putting the question to the shareholders it was decided that the working of the boats be con- tinued as heretofore, it being urged that the receipts were improving with the busy season. Mr. Geo. W. Smith was appointed auditor, and it was decided to issue weekly tickets at one shilling per week. The Beachport correspondent of the South-Eastern Star, writing on December 10, says:—"The railway to Millicent being an ac- ; complished fact, it would be a great boon to the , farmers on the Millicent flats and drained lands if the Government would make it available to bring down their wheat and other produce to this place should the contractors be willing to give it up. The road to the South End is very bad, and it being off the schedule of main roads, will not be repaired by the Road Board; conse- quently the cost of bringing down produce to that place will be considerable, whereas by opening the line between Millicent and here farmers will be enabled to get their wheat, &c.; down at a reasonable figure, say 2½d. or 3d. per . bushel, the cost to the South End being 4d. to 5d. per bushel by horse or bullock dray." The Rev. D. McCalman, the Presbyterian clergyman who has for over 20 years had charge of the parishes of Narracoorte and Apsley, was recently presented with a purse of sovereigns, which testimony of the good feeling of his parishioners he acknowledged in feeling terms. Mr. W. Laidlaw, J.P., of Mundara, made the presentation, and in his speech referred in com- plimentary terms to the long and faithful services which had been rendered by Mr. McCalman. The latter in his reply said "The severance of his charge he long ago fore- saw to be inevitable, as it was rapidly becoming more populous and important, and therefore beyond the power of one minister to discharge the duties faithfully and conscientiously. He sincerely trusted that his successor in Apsley, whoever he might be, would be such an one as to afford them very many blessings." Definite news of the whereabouts of one of the steam barges which were lately built for our Government in England has at length ar- rived. The Chief Secretary has received a tele- gram from the Government Resident at Gerald ton, Western Australia, which states that the second mate of the s.s. Goolwa. had arrived there and reported that his vessel was at anchor six miles south of Port Gregory, without fuel or provisions. The Resident adds—"l have sent a coasting schooner with twenty tons coal and provisions to enable her to get into this place. Port Gregory is sixty miles from this." News of these barges has been anxiously looked for. as since they left the Red Sea nothing had been heard of them, so far as we are aware, and fears were entertained that some mishap might have occurred. The Kadina, the other barge, may now shortly be reported, as she was not very long behind the Goolwa in leaving England. The following paragraph respecting ex pensive legal assistance is published in the Wallaroo Times: —" At a Local Court, not a hundred miles from Edithburgh, the plaintiff in a case for the recovery of £5 5s. secured the services of a solicitor from the metropolis, who happened to be present on other business, and a verdict being obtained the money was paid into Court. At the close of the proceedings our friend the plaintiff approached his legal friend with beaming countenance and hand out- stretched for the purpose of receiving the amount referred to ; but his satisfaction at having gained the case suffered a considerable change on his legal friend pocketing the cash with the remark 'this is my fee,' and coolly handing his client a receipt for the money. It scarcely need be added that the victorious suitor retired a Sadder and a wiser,' although cer- tainly not a richer man, and has since been heard to remark.' I never had much faith in lawyers, but now I have less than ever." The Standard of December 14 publishes the following Anglican items: —" The Rev. Mr. Orchard and family have arrived by the Acon cagua. We hear the reverend gentleman is , likely to be stationed at Laura, the Rev. E. C. Spicer removing to Port Augusta. We con gratulate the people of Port Augusta on at last obtaining a resident clergyman, and one whose pedestrian powers enable him to cope success- fully with mission work among the ranges. This week Canon Farr's active work at St. Peter's will cease. Many of our younger colonials owe much to St. Peter's and Canon Farr, and it will be many a long year before his name and work as a schoolmaster are forgotten. It is said the , Missionary Committee have seen their way to recommend Canon Fair's appointment as or ganising missionary, at a stipend of £500 per annum. We are glad to hear that the Rev. K. T. Howe and family, all of whom have suffered from typhoid fever, are improving. We under- stand that St. John's Church, Maccesfield,after a short interval, has been reopened for divine worship. There was a goodly gathering for so small a place at the first service, and it is the intention of the Rev. Henry Bevis to hold ser vices on the third Sunday of every month." "The Colonial Office," observes the Aus tralasian, "has made an admirable appointment to the Governorship of Victoria in the Marquis of Normanby. Should the war and revolution projects of Messrs. Berry and W. C. Smith be attempted to be realised, there are troublous times ahead for Victoria. And it is well to know that at any rate the viceregal office will be filled by a man of tried capacity and unchal lenged impartiality. If the political clouds which lower upon our horizon clear away and dissi pate ,it will be very satisfactory. But,at any rate, it is satisfactory to be sure that there will be a firm and steady hand on the helm of the ship of the state should tempests unhappily ensue. Lord Normanby during his tenure of office in Queensland and New Zealand has passed through serious political and constitutional difficulties. In passing through them he has exercised the powers of his high office in a way which has materially tended to preserve th' political peace, while it has also availed to secure the paramount rule of law and English constitutional principles, His Excellency, while not shunning responsibility or contenting him self with the position of a, political cypher, has yet always gained the respect of all sides, and his perfect impartiality has been unquestioned. There is no room for doubt that his official career in this colony will be as beneficial and creditable as it has been in the colonies he has already presided over, and that when in the fulness of time he quits Victoria after the ex piration of his term of office, he will leave the same sense of his capacity and fairness and constitutional wisdom that he has left else where." In its Latest issue the Wallaroo Times draws attention to a cirumstance which,it says, if allowed to pass without remark, might by its repetition cause serious injury to the port of Wallaroo. Mr. West-Erskine, with other pas sengers, left Port Augusta for Wallaroo by the steamer Flinders at 8 a.m. on Wednesday morn ing last, being, of course, under the impression that they would arrive at the latter place at the usual time (5 o'clock p.m.), aud by no means aware that the vessel was to do duty as a tug boat on the passage, and that consequently they would not reach Wallaroo until past midnight. The Flinders, however, brought down the West Riding, a Urge vessel which is about to load wheat at Port Pirie, and left her at the anchorage near Mount Fergusson at 5 p.m., at which time the steamer is due at Wallaroo. No notice was given to the passengers when taking their tickets at Port Augusta as to the delay that must necessarily take place in consequence of the West Riding being taken in tow, and a great many who were proceeding to Adelaide for the purpose of being present at the cricket match bet ween the English and Austra lian teams were not only greatly disappointed at not being able to get to town in time to see its commencement, but expressed a determina tion for the future to travel overland, in prefe rence to trusting to a means of conveyance of so uncertain a description in reference to its arrival at its destination as the one in question had proved itself to be. Some of the passengers were so disgusted with the annoying delay which had occurred that they left the vessel and proceeded to town by railway, and it is quite apparent that if the practice of towing vessels by passenger {steamers is continued both the Company and the Port of Wallaroo will find the effect on the traffic which has hitherto been en joyed to be of a very disastrous description." Sir John Robertson is a statesmen who has made land legislation his specialty, and who has in consequence been compelled to pay some attention to the conditions under which agri culture is and can be carried on in the colonies. In doing so (says the Australasian) he found it necessary to investigate to what causes were due the superiority of South Australia in wheat growing. It is the prerogative of genius to make difficult matters easy, and Sir John Robertson loosed the problem as easily as his garter. How it came about that South Australia is the granary of Australia was because the lands of that colony were in the first instance brought under cultivation by Germans, who, in their own country, had been accustomed to live almost on the smell of an oil-rag. But the farmers of New South Wales were of a much superior stamp, and they showed their superiority, not by greater skill or success in culture, or by more extensive production, but by adhering to a higher standard of comfort than the South Australian Germans and their oil rags. We have not been able, remarks the journal from which we are quoting, to master the explana- tion or to see the advantages of the superiority, which seems to handicap those possessing it quite out of the field. It appears that if South Australian farmers were a much superior class of persons they would enjoy every comfort and injury, but they would not be able to grow wheat. On the other hand the New South Wales farmer is far more refined and luxurious in his tastes than his South Aus- traiian competitor, but, owing to his higher grade of civilization, he is unable to get anything out of the land. It is all, to borrow an expressive colloquialism. **as clear as mud." and we come away from the study of the problem with a very exalted notion of Sir John Robertson and his mastery of political and industrial science. On Saturday, December 14, the last day of term, the Chief Justice. Mr. Justice, Gwynne, and Mr. Justice Boucaut. sat in Banco. There was a large attendance of the bar. The Attorney- General (Hon. W. H. Bundey, Q.C.) moved, on a. certificate, for the admission of Dr. Smith, an English attorney, as a practitioner of the Court, and produced an affidavit showing special circumstances why the fourteenth regulation, requiring a year's resi- dence in tbe colony before admission, should be , dispensed with, and stating that Dr. Smith in tended bona fide to reside in South Australia. An order for admission was made conditioually for 18 months. Mr. Bundey also moved for the admission of Mr. Rupert Pelly, an English solicitor, on a certificate, and an affidavit stating that the candidate had resided here for a year. The motion was com plied with. Mr. Thomas William Vau drey, an English solicitor, of the Court of Queen's Bench, was admitted on a motion sup ported by similar certificates and affi davits. Messrs. Aldborougb John Davis, John James Beare, and Frederick Ernest Blakery Carter were admitted to the Bar on the production of certificates that they had passed their examinations. In ; connection with certificates for the admis sion of English barristers, the Court notified that in future these would have to be placed before the Board of Examiners previous to ap plications being made in Court. In the case of Henry Ramsay v. Joanna Ramsay and George Cox and George Sparks (co-respondents), a suit for dissolution of marriage on the ground of adultery, Mr. A. G. Downer, for the petitioner, moved for directions as to mode of trial. Respondent and co-respondent made no appearance. An order was made to hear the case on affidavit, and the time for filing affidavits was extended for two months. The Court adjourned till Thursday next, when new trials and other busi- ness will be taken; and it was intimated that the Equity Court would sit on Friday next to hear appeals. An insolvency appeal will be taken first on that day. The Equity Court will aIso sit on Tuesday next. The barque Occident, at present along side the Wallaroo Jetty, proceeds to Western Australia after taking in 90 tons of ballast. A complimentary dinner will be given to Mr. E. Lipsett at Kooringa this evening. at which a presentation will be made to the guest. Tea and public meetings are to take place at the Archer-street Wesleyan Church this evening. An entertainment by the St. Andrew's Young Men's Society will be given in the Hill, Wakefield-street, this evening. Entries for the New Year's Day Races will be received up to 4 o'clock at the Globe Hotel to-day. The match between the team of Twelve English Cricketers and Eighteen of South Aus tralia, was concluded on Saturday, December 14, and was a victory for the Englishmen with four wickets to spare. The English visitors left Adelaide for Melbourne by the Victorian on Saturday evening, joining the steamer at the Semaphore. At the Town Hall on Saturday evening the Musical Union held a full rehearsal of Spohr's "Last Judgment," Giorza's Festival " Te Deum," and Chinner's -" Kyrie Elieson," which will be performed on Thursday evening next. The rehearsal was well attended, and the manner in which the pieces were rehearsed gave promise of a very attractive- entertain ment. The wonderful illusion now on view at 78\. Hindley-street, " Fatima, or the living bust of a lady," has attracted crowds of sightseers during the past week, and still continues to puzzle the most knowing visitors. It is with out doubt a remarkable illusion, and will well repay a visit. On Saturday night, despite the heat, the proprietor was compelled, owing to the patronage he received, to keep open till mid night. Immediately after the holidays this illusion will be exhibited in the country dis tricts. We may mention that in Melbourne "Fatima" was patronised by Sir George and Lady Bowen, and the body less lady has also been visited by the elite of this city. The U.S. Minstrels had a capital house on Saturday night, although one would have thought that the heat was sufficient to deter the (greatest amusement-lover from entering a crowded room. The weather appeared to have little effect on either the actors or the audience, except perhaps a livelier use of hand kerchiefs. Hudson and Holly were in great form, and their drolleries sent some of the audience into fits of laughter, tiring in their duration. The singing, too, was capital, and the burlesque sketches were very enjoyable. We are not at all surprised at the popularity of the U.S. Minstrels, for they present a really good entertainment, free from vulgarity, and embodying genuine humor. 