QUID NUNC ? How's that for his'd, partner!—All Four* The debase- in the Council of the Contra ! gntior, Union on the Education question shows that there is at lea-r one sect in the colony who find (rood in tile so- called ■•God less system,” and that whatever may be the political views of the individual members, as a body, they will not barter their religious jtre/tige, or countenance an unholy combination whose secret aim is to trammel mind and perpetuate party di-cord. Not only are the Cojigregutioiialists satisfied ” 'hat the State bn- nothing whatever to do with religious convictions," but thati!.when ever it interfered with religion it made a mistake,” and in the present state of public : feeling on the Education question they con sider it desirable by resolution to express that satisfaction, and “ deprecate.the endow ment of any religious denomination for educa tional purposes as a step backward towards i the old denominational system.” There is an I umnistakeable ring in the language of nearly the whole or the speakers, with the exception of the views enunciated by a Hr Thorpe, who moved an amendment to the : effect that “ the Jair of the Lord is the beginning or principal part of both know ledge and wisdom, anil therefore it is im perative that religious irvstruction should bo imparted tq all children attending ike . schools of the State." ft is hut necessary to . add that although the resolution was • affirmed meat con. and apparently with . much enthusiasm, the mover of the singular , amendment characterised the speeches made r against his attempt at partisanism as “ fus ■ iian, bombast, rhodomontade. and claptrap,'1 I and vve have the brini-tone intolerant cl ! Calvin ages oombined with the logician a ?<; Argus. I have always been under the Im pres-ion that the days when it was con sidered necessary to imbue th- young mind | with a " fear of the Lord” had passed, as such a feeling could only beget hate—hate, the parent of a thousand -ins—and tb,nf love tl(C antithesis uoy,/ ropjace.d tire hatsl: forbidding doctrine. The' two cannot eybi together. If a child fears its parent It will i dread Ml contact with an,j at ih(, slim. i time resort to every mean-spirited subter fuge and unworthy device its ingenuity can i devise to deceive and placate him. Nothing i good or noble can spring from fear, while ! love engenders every high and holy seiitfc j input actuating humanity. The only way, j i ms ref ore, to instil a wide-spread love of the t ’od in the young is to teach them respect fur virtue and forbearance towards all, and this can never he done while we seek to taint the alass rooms of the State schools with sectarian or class prejudices. Tint we I can nilord tq smile at Mr Thorpe - tcei.le, futile attempt to influence his co-.rcligionisjs and follow the Anglican bishop's hearing, The decision of the Congregatiunalists would be the decision'of priest and presbyter were they not blinded by bigotiy or political malice ; and I congratulate the Union Coun cil on its tolerant spirit and fair play, and whilst doing so express my admirition of the part taken by the Rev. J. J. Halley. It is hardly neces-ary to say that I have no special piediliction for the eiotu, amino personal knowledge of the rev.1 gentleman.1 But considering the position he has taken'up on the Education question, and the con sistency unflinchingly maintained, in the l'aoe qf the opposition o.f bis profession, he deserves every credit, and it is only doing hitn bare Justice to quote his remarks at did Council, for the benefit of those who may not have seen them :— ” The Rev. J. J. Halley said he had never before with so much sorrow stood up to open a debate. He was never so much astonished in his life as when he heard the amendment moved by .Mr Thorpe the pre vious afternoon, bqt he had iq lay lib <M» extra stock of astonishment when lit heard the amendmentsecoiided by 3Ir'GreenwaKji ft se'qiqed; to him that on thelpresent' oocij; sion they had 'not to discuss the ei|uc'atiqrt question, but to aftfrm the principles OH which their denomination a' ted. The ainemh ment said as plainly as words ebu’d say it, that what they wero asking for was a -tala endowed religion in their school. What difference, he asked them, was there between supporting a state church amt a system of state-endowed religious education! As a body, they had always entered a protest against state aid to religion in any form, and were they now to turn ibeir baefii against rill their gloiious history? -Wero they-! now to banish ail ' those 'glonotis memories qf the past, and only to let them pome back like grim ghosts of forgqlteq greatness stalking in their midst.‘ Tim amendment invited'them now to, c'onsiqec how they could establish religious edneatioq iii the state schools. T\=as it not, he risked, ft disgrace to them that they .should be min that their Sunday school- had failed, ..and that the only way of educating the young was by asking tha state to do it for them ? The proposal embodied in tint amendment was diametrically opposed to the first prin ciples of their denomination, and if it were carried' their misim d'etre, would be gone; They might as well then clothe themselves in the garments of penance, and go in ft body to the Archbishop of Melbourne, ar,cj entreat him to take them mider his whig! They should 'tell' Mm' that tbd‘ free Mr of independency was too strong for them;' Hfe would ask those 'who might be called tlje Pauls of the Assembly to' reject tlip rimpnd: ment with scorn. He implored tlif-m hv filj the love he bore to them and to indepciplprif principles not to betray them by passing it, or by giving it any countenance. To give ft grant for educational purposes (o the Roman Catholics simply meant an endowment of £20,000 or .-625,600 to-a religion which they believed to be bad—which brought up bad citizens, aud was detrimental to the best interests of the colony,” EUF0G, 