®»ks¡ ¿md ftete, j THE BEAUTY IN THE WOOD. " JACQUES, my goori fellow, this last mile has boen perfectly intolerable. If you ilo not reach your much-boasted, hostelry soon, not only my horse, but I, myself, shall be utterly exhausted, " and the speaker grew a shade whiter and reeled forward in hiB saddle as he spoke. It was nearly the close of a sultry Sep- tember day, and thc sun was sinking, like a ball of fire, behind the distant mountains in upper Lorraine. Thc riders hail been in thc saddle for many hours, but one of them, a middle-aged, sturdy-looking peasant, seemed hardly the worse for tho fatigue. His com Sinion was a tall man, young and handsome, e wore a military dress, and carried a small case, much roscmliling a despatch-box, slung in front of his saddle. He looked like an Englishman, with his blonde beard and deep blue eyes : but his dashing, soldierly seat in thc saddle had been learned in many a wild charge over thc battle-field. Jacques shook his head. "What would in'sicu have?" he asked with a helpless shrug. "The horsos arc good beasts, none better, but what horse can travel from dawn to sunset without failing? It is only wonderful that they do not fall by the road- side, and then-what' would Maître Pierre say ? As for thc village of St. Etienne, it is seven good miles by the road-five, as thc crow flies; what would m'aicu have? It is destiny." All this in an execrable patois with many gesticulations and untranslatable elirugs. "Destiny or not, my good Jacques," returned the other, in fluent French, "I must sit down by the roadside soon, and let you go on alone ; my wound is growing more painful, and-there is a sensation accompanying it which I don't like. Think again, my friend ; you say that you know the country hereabouts - is there not some hut, however simple, this sido of St. Etienne, where I can rest for a while? Seven miles more of this torture in my shoulder would be more than I can enduro and keep my senses." livon Jacques' etona soul was not proot against the testimony of thc grey pallor of his master's face. He saw plainly that faintness was overcoming him, and Jacques' hands went up in an invocating to his patron saint. "There is one place not more than two miles off where perhaps I could take m'sieu ; hut .there are difficulties. It is a place where no one goes-indeed, they say that Mero Margot is an old witch, although she is related to me-the Madonna defend us !" and Jacques crossed himself devoutly. "But if m'sieu will promise on his sacred word as a gentle- man never to reveal that he has been there, or that I took him-" "Yes, yes," interrupted thc other, im- patiently, "anything that you will; but, for heaven's sake, lead the way. Is there no brandy in your flask?" Jacques pulled it out. "Hardly a half wine-glass left, m'sieu ; but take it, pray." A faint tüigo of colour came back to thc wounded man s face after swallowing tho brandy, and in a few moments he declared himself ready to proceed. - "Very well; but if m'sieu is going to the chateau he must turn out of the highway and co direct into the forest." .' Have I not told you to lead tho way ?" said thc other. Thou, less impatiently, "A chateau. Jacques? I think that thc farther you and I keep from ohatcaux in this part of Lorraine the better for thc safety of our necks." "Ali, but m'sieu mistakes," said Jacques, eagerly. "They belong to the French noblesse, these D'Orvalcs. It ia a singular family : but thc lost Baron fell at Sedan for France, m'sieu. Would m'sieu like to hear of the last living D'Orvalc?" His companion nodded, rather carelessly and Jacques lowered his voice and drew his horse nearer the other in his self-elected importance as reoontcur. "The last Baron was, they say, a Bad, wild fellow, but very proud, like all his race. He grew up at the chateau with his mother, for ins father died when he was a baby. But Madame, the old Baronne, ali ! si ic was terrible. Everyone stood in awe of her ; the old sonants hated her while they trembled before her. She had thc evil eye, and m'sieu , knows that one dare not offend one who lias that. After the Baron had been a man grown for some years, Madame, his mother, became anxious that he should marry, that the old name might not die out. So, hearing of some demoiselle in Paris, thc child of an old friend and graud dame, who was of a marriageable age, she forth on a journey to arrange the affair, leaving the Boron to his own pursuits at thc cliateau. Is monsieur listening ?" Monsieur was. "Nobody knew how it caine to pass, but .after his mother's departure thc Baron be- haved like another mau. Thc evil eye was removed, I suppose. The studies and books to which he had been for some time devoted were abandoned, and he went hunting and riding about the country from morning until night. Then Madame fell ill in Paris. She was always hoping to get better, and so would liol scud . for her son : it was bad weather, too : auy way, monsieur, month after month passed, and she did not return. At last, one day, the servants at the cliateau were amazed to receive instructions from their master to make ready the state apartments, for he was about to bring home a bride. Does monsieur see ?"' Monsieur did. " lt was not the bride for whom his motlier had destined him," continued Jacques ; "but an English girl, whom he had met und fallen in love with at the little village of St. Etienne..- Some ' young Northern' demoiselle who had been travelling with friends-their governess, it was said ; and she fell ill at St. Etienne and hod to be left there. Hut oh, m'sicu, she was beautiful us a dream ! Thc country people say her hair was like a glory about her head, and her eyes had thc look of thc Madonna's. No wonder tho liaron wor- shipped her ; they thought he would have died for her." "What came of it ?" "It was months More Madame returned to Lorraine. Perhaps news trav els slowly to Paris, or the Haran kept his secret well : at least, when Madame returned she did not know that a daughter-in-law awaited her. Wien her carriage drove up, the servants were all in the hall, and the Baron met his mother. He kissed her, and led her up to where the young Baronne stood, blushing and trembling. It seemed as if thc mother dinned what was to follow, for she cast an envious glance at the young lady, and said in her most insulting, haughty voice, ' Whom host thou here, Philippe Í a new housemaid ? She is too pretty for thc place !' It is said that tho. Baron answered her back with.a spirit haughty as her own. * You ara quite right in thinking ber too beautiful for any but the reigning place, mother; this is MY willi!' Bold of hun, was it not, monsieur?" Monsicuriioddcd. "Oh, then, m'sicu, the storm bloke. Thc old Baronne raised her hands and ciu- scd them both ; she cursed the babe unborn. Her Words were awful. 1 May the labe be as beautiful and more witless than you are !' she said to the wife ; 4 may it show as little affection for its own llcsh and blood as my ' son has shown for me, and limy no blessing fall on thc D'Orvales until a stranger COIIICR from a distant laud and bears it away from its fore-fathcro' home '.' " j ''She must have becu a curious old lady. Go on." "Tlie young Baronne fell like a dead person upon thc floor, and Madame swept away to her own apartments. It was doubtless thc influence of thc evil eye which prevented the Baron from seeing how his poor young wife pined away after that night. And at last she gave birth to a child,' and died. Two mouths after, the old Baronne was found dead in lier lied, and rumours carno abroad that there were strange black marks around her throat, as if thc Fiend incarnate had come to claim his own." Thc half-incredulous smile with which thc stranger had listened throughout increased to one of mockery. " What became of the child?" hu asked. "Did the Fiend and thu old Baronne spirit that away, too ?" "No, m'sieu; itwasagirl." "And what has become of tho Baron ?" " He was killed at Sedan, m'sieu." " Where is flic child?" "She has always been at the chateau, m'sieu, with old Jean-Marie, and Margot, his wife. The young lady has had a discreet danie ; a gouvernante and dame dc compagnie ; but lately we heard that she was ill, or dead. " Why, then, need you make so much fuss about seckiug refuge at thc chateau ? Surely precautions are not needful when one only craves a night's lodging, and that of necessity ?" " Evidently monsieur docs not comprehend ; thc chateau is haunted by evil things. Nothing flourishes there ; all goes to decay ; thc families about it viii not visit. And Margot.! ah, she has a tongue ! but I think she will admit mc because she is great-aunt to my wife's cousin. Iiook there, m'sieu; you can sec thc chateau." They had been going at quite a slow pace, for thc road was a bad one, and evidently seldom travelled. But as they turned abruptly to thc left, thc tall grey turrets with their sugar-loaf peaks rose clearly before them, above thc trees mid tho miilerbush which impeded their progress. As they came nearer, thc wild deserted appearance of every thingexcited thc stranger's attention. "It's almost equal toa palace of the fairy talcs," said tic, aloud, speaking in English. "If it were not for nineteenth century incredulity, I might fancy that it held the sleeping Princess of the Wood." "Comment, m'sien ?" said Jacques, catch- ing the words imperfectly, and fancying him- self addressed. "How do you propose to enter?" was the traveller's ausweriúg question and again he found himself wondering whether he should not Hud a trumpet suspended to the gate-post, upon winch he must blow a peal loud enough to waken thc sleeping inhabitants. Jacques was looking about him, as if in sonic uncertainty himself. His tired master rode forward to thc gateway. "Not there, m'sicu," cried Jacques, in dismay. "There is another gate somewhere behiud thc chateau ; or wc might get through the hedge, perhaps, or over thc well ; but we must leave our horses outside. Jean-Marie may perhaps come to see after them, but it would never do to anger la Mere Margot by riding in on horseback." Kiding round, and getting over the tangled mass 'of grass and overgrown weeds as thcyr best could, Jacques peered in all directions for au cutcrancc, and found it. " Herc is the gate, m'sicu : but it is locked. Blessed St. Jean ! wc cannot climb thoBC iron railings. Wliat is to be done 7" Upon which helpless question, thc stranger impatiently seized thc half hidden handle of a bell, and sounded a loud peal. Before its echoes had died away, a voice rose behind them. " Be off ! What dost thou want ? Wc can havo no stragglers about the chateau d'Orvalc." Just beyond thc gate stood an old, withcred-up woman. She looked like a bit of a vixen, but yet her block, bead-like eyes had a gleam in them that was not altogether unkindly ; on her arm was a basket half-full of wood which she had evidently been gathering. " La Mere Margot," began Jacques, re- moving his hat, and speaking in a conciliatory tone, "I am Jacques Virot; dost thou not remember ? M'sicur, herc, is ill, and unable to proceed eveu os far as St. Etienne. For old acquaintance sake,' Mere Margot, givo us shelter for to-night." But Mere Margot, instead of replyingto this civil speech, proceeded to rate him soundly for daring to come nt ali. Did his im- pertinence think that the chateau was an auberge, or that she had time to waste in getting supper for such as he ? And how did she know that thc stranger might not lie one of those accursed Prussians, not one of whom had ever crossed the threshold of thc chateau. Thc stranger cut short thc harangue. "I have been wounded, good mother," Baid he. " But I am fully able to pay you for your hospitality ; though I will not offend you by offering money, knowing thc hospitable reputation of the d'Orvalcs." Mere Margot looked at him very keenly. " Hump I" said she. " Who arc you, that you can know anything nf us ? Blonde and big-you arc a Prussian !" " Whether 1 am or not," said the stranger, disregarding her iicrcc tone, "I fought for Fiance at Sedan." The woman's face softened. "He is too young to lie while looking in my eyes," she muttered. " But-no ! why should 1 <lo lt ? Go to St. Ethnic for your lodgings." Just then, a clear, bird-like voice was beard humming a suug upon the other side of thc gate. Margot gave an uneasy glance in the direction M'hcncc it came. "1 tell you, sir, wc can't shelter you. Jacques Virot, begone. How dare you cunie herc ; don't you know this place is sacred?" Lifting lier hands to enforce obedience, thc stranger, utterly exhausted, fell heavily to thc ground. At thc same moment the gate was opened, and a slight, beautiful girl appeared. " Where's your key that you Bhouhl ring, Margot? I bear Jean abusing you for for- getting it. And-what is all this ? Who arc they ?" The sweet, bell-like voice faltered ; the young girl drew hack. Inspiration seized on Jacques. He resolved to apjical to her, "For the luve of Heaven, Mam'sclle la Baronne, let mc carry him in ! If he has not some brandy and his wound is not dressed, he will die. Soe, he has fainted !" " Bah ! he is a Prussian," cried Margot ; "let him die." But thc little Baronne said not a word ; she glided towards him, " He w ill not die," she said, nodding her hcad, after long scrutiny of the senseless form in Jacques's arms. "But bc will be company for nie, and I am tired of tile lone- liness. Margot, tell Jcan-Maric tn come hele, and help carry him in to the chateau." She gave thc order in cold, imperious tunes, very singular in one so young as seventeen. JaequcH looked at bur in open-mouthed admiration. Margot began to grumble ; but the Baronne quietly repeated her order, and Margot hobbled oil", scolding as she went. When bc caine out of his long swoon, bc opened his t-yes upon surroundings that, at first, completely bewildered him. He lay ni»>ii a «ide sofa, in the centre of a large, gloomy-looking saloon; Jacques was bending over him : and an old luau, who kept up au incessant talking, in a species of monotone, was applying some sort of cooling lotion to his shoulder -.lean-Marie, un doubt. As his senses came back, his eyes lingered long and wonderingly upon the huge old fire-place, where a handful of wood was burning, and in front of which sat a strange, lovely figure. Silo wore a long robe of ulick velvet, quaint in style. Tlic sleeves were wide and trimmed with costly lace ; and there was a hit of thc same yellow lace around thc fair white throat. Doun over this dead black dress floated an exquisite mass of long, waving hair ; thc hair that is golden in sunlight, and rare brown in the simile ; the face was oval, with delicate, nearly skin, and short, red lips, and the eyes were hazel-brown, beneath dark and beautifully- penciled eyebrows. Yet, with all its exquisite beauty, there was a curious want in the face ; it was almost such a one as TJuiliue's may have been before she gained her soul. She was sitting with her head resting upon lier hand ; but when the sick niau spoke, she rose and came towards him. "Ile has blue eyes," she murmured to her- self, ill thc amazed tone of a discoverer. " I did not think they Would be so handsome." "1 speak French," said he, unable to help a boyish blush at this remark. "Very good," she said, blushing too, but not allowing herself to bc disturbed. "I never saw blue eyes before ; all thc peasants have black ones. 1 thought you spoke only (icriuau. Aro you a 1'russiaii Ï" "I am au Englishman, but my mother was French, and my sympathies aro with thc French. My name is Henry Arthur Living- ston. Have I not thc honour of addressing the Haronnc d'Oivale Ï" "lam Lucille IVOrvale," she said, simply. "lam glad you came-you will bc a com- panion for mc. 1 am tired of this lonely chateau, with only Jean-Marie and Margot to talk to-except my pigeous. Hy good old fouvemontc, Madame Hcglonnc, is gone. 1er «on is ill, and she had to go to him." "And they do not provide you with another I" he exclaimed, asking thc question in slicer amazement. j " Do you mean my guardian - tho man of business in Paris ? Hu does not know. What would you ! With tho country devastated by this dreadful war, who is to let him know? He would not have time to think of me. And . ha has no power over inc-he only scuds thu rents. 1 am my own mistress." "Mam'scllc, thc sumter is ready," said thc voice of Margot from thc door. But thc Baronne shrugged her pretty shoulders. "I will have it herc, with monsieur," she saiil tersely ; and Margot disappeared. "What did you say you were called?" began Lucille, curiously, "My name is Harry (or, as you would call it, Henri) Livingston." "Liveciistonc," she said, stumbling over it. *'lt is ton lung; I shall call you Monsieur Kemi. And you live in thc strange country where thc people arc barbarians !" "Englishmen are not barbarians, ma- demoiselle." "But I tell you they arc. Papa said it, and papa knew. He was n savant. Oh, he was so good and ho knew so much." Livingston smiled in thc midst of his jilin. " All of them, ut least, are not," bc said. " I for one." He again recurred to his fancy of thc en- chanted castle. A creature so lonely, helpless, and singularly childlike bc had never seen : she was the genuine princess of a fairy talc. But she proved herself enough like ordinary mortals to give him a cup of deliciously made coffee, which Margot brought iu ; ana when he explained his inability to hold it because of his wounded shoulder, she gravely seated her- self ou a chair at his side, cup in hand. " Never mind, I will give it to you from the spoon ; I did so once to papa, whon he »-as ill. " There was nothing for it hut acquiescence. So Livingston submitted to have part of thc coffee trickle down his neck without a murmur, and wondered whether Hebe had administered nectar to thc gods in a like embarrassing manner. Jacques was m a dazed condition ; not only had he obtained entrance to the chateau in a very unexpected man ncr, but here waa la petite Baronne actually helping m'sieu with her own h anils, aa beautiful as au angel, but one of those fearful d'Orvales, nevertheless. " They say that in ad ni ne'e ghost walks herc at night -thc Madonna preservo us !" thought he. Jacques crossed himself devoutly, and in , eluded m'sieu in thc sign, hy May of foiling aDy bad spirits who might he hovering around. But tlic traveller began to look very pale and exhausted, and Lucille wished him good night. Margot came in, very cross, and told Jean-Marie that the gentleman's bed was ready, and that he had better go to it. lu the morning Harry Livingston found himself too ill to move ; thc wound had been too long without attention, and his ride liad aggravated it terribly. Jacques went over to St, Ktienuc, and brought from thence the only doctor that the little village could boast ; but he proved ecrual to thc emergency. Being toa cautious to use many medicines, he con- fined himself to keeping down the fever which threatened Livingston; and nature, left to herself, brought thc patient , through in safety in the course of a few days. The doctor's sister, a benevolent middle-aged dame, came over often, and gave much countenance to thc young Baronne. After that came thc days of convalescence ; weary enough they would have been to the sick young mau but for his little hostess. She Mas at once thc most fascinating, fairy like vision that Livingston had ever seen. He had known very many beautiful women the loveliest and best-bred of his own chann- ing country women-but they lacked the subtle, curious attraction of Lucille. She was such a child ; all simplicity, unsophistication, ami guileless innocence. Passion was un- known to her ; luve had never touched her breast. Knowing nothing of conventionalism, in her intercourse with Livingstone she was free as she could have Ijeen with a brother sitting by his sofa half the day, and talking with him by thc hmr together. Of her dead father she spoke in reverent, admiring terms ; ; she gloried in his patriotism, and in Ins falling j for Prance ; but of actual love, even for hiru, j Livingston half doubted whether elie knew thc meaning. All the sublime, heroic side of a woman's character seemed wanting; or else it slept : she waa an elf, a fahy, a sprite-or, in loss lover-like phraBc, a careless, lovely child. "Monsieur Henri," Lucille would call, standing under his window, when lie began to get about, "comedown and sec me feed thc pigeons. J eau-Marie has gone to the village, Margot is in her kitchen, Jacques sccs t<i the horses-ami for mc, I am lonely. Hasten then." And Harry would progress down the long stairs as far as his half-restored strength would permit, to l#e met half-way by Lucille, who would insist upon aiding him with her slender arm. All Reçues were not sn pleasant as this, hmvever. Lucille would sometimes ask ; Livingston to tell her of his own homo and country : and although his stories of it and of his life til ere seemed to hold a strange charin for her, she would manifest a curious jealousy of them. J jut him bink a trine more tired than usual, and lier lovely lips would curl in vexation ; she would i tri tate him, with suggestion» that he was suffering from emmi and nial du pays, and threaten to leave him and never conic hack to the salon any more. And then livingston would implore and coax her until he saw the usual half-sweet, half areh smile como hack'tn thc lovel}' face, and a truce would be proclaimed Ijctweeu them. liut one memorable morning, when Lucille carried this luther far*, livingston adopted an 1 entirely different linc of tactics. That is, if he thought of tactics at all. Lucille announced tbat she liad lessons to learn (BIIC was always I talking of thc studies that the death of her governess had left incomplete), and that she must leave monsieur for the rest of the day. Upon which, to her great snrpriac, monsieur responded with stately courtesy that he should bc painod to think of detaining her from her learned researches, and that he had the honour to wish Mademoiselle la Baronne a very good morning. " I have wasted too much time upon you, Monsieur Henri," she cried, hotly. "I will not say to you, ' go, leave thc chateau ;' the d'Orvalcs know not such inhospitality. But of my company you have had too much. Vciy well ! You sholl have no more of it until you come to bid good-bye before leaving for your belle pays, where you long to be. Open the door, monsieur, will you be so good ?" And thc little stately figure swept post him into thc corridor, with cheeks aflame and lips apart. He watched lier go. Did lie love lier or hate her mast ? And which passiou was it tliat promoted him to pick un from thc marble ¡loor, where her own little foot had crushed it, a blue gciition-ilowcr 6hc had dropped from . her waistband, and to hide it carefully in his vest ? Two hours later he was awakened by a terrified whisper. " M'sicu, m'sicu, awake, for the love of heaven ! They are here ; they have surrounded thc chateau ; fly, m'sieu, while you eau." Livingston started up, to see the terrified face of Jacques bending over him. " They ! who?" demanded he, instinctively snatching his pistols from thc case where they lay, already loaded. "The Uhlans, m'sieu ; a whole company of the devil's own brood," whispered Jacques fiercely. " This way : quick !" He caught hold of Livingston's arni to guide him down the dark pasBage to a back staircase ; by which, gaining thc kitchen, he hoped to csea]ie. But he had hardly reached it, when Livingston stopped short. " Hold a moment, Jacques," he whispered, hurriedly. " Wait for mo herc, five minutes, ] and then if you hear them coming, Hy with- out mc. I must see thc Baronne. Jacques «Tung his hands. " What folly !" bc cried, trying to detain him ; " it ia no time for adieux. " But Livingston broke away from him, and vanished. *' It is thc accursed evil eye," mutterod Jacques, crouchingdown on the stairs ; " it is thc ghastly presence of Madame the dead Baronne. This brave monsieur is bewitched ! Blessed Madonna, grant tluit we escape safely ! and I vow to give thee two wax-lights, and two for blessed Kt. Jean Baptiste." Livingston turned to go up thc tuixct-stair, ono wild impulse in III'B heart. His love, his little helpless dolling ! What I leave her here in thc power of thc Prussian troopers ! Better die with his sword in his hand, defend- ing her. Iiis hand touched the handle of thc door of the turret-chamber. He rapped softly ; there was no answer. He waited an instant ; could she have left the room, and bc, even now, a prisoner ? The thought was agony ¡ he tried thc door with greater force, and it gave way under lu's hand, and he crossed the thres- hold. There was some light in thc room ; it came from a lamp which hung on a bracket on thc wall, Directly beneath the light, on a small sofa, lay Lucille asleep. One little baud pressed the soft white check, which was, even yet, wet with tears ¡ the golden hoir lay in bright masses on her neck, and streamed over thc dingy damask covering of the sofa-just thc fairest and purest vision that man ever beheld, made all thc fairer for her strange surroundings. With a noiseless step, Living- ston crossed thc floor and bent over her, lower, lower, till a tress of the bright hair J'ust touched his hand ; the impulse liad lardly time to form itself into a thought, when a tender, passionate kiss fell gently on the lovely lips, aud with a Blight start, Lucille awoke. " H euri, Henri !" she murmured softly, gazing un into the eyes bent upon her, "you have come to me-at last !" At thc touch of thc great enchanter's wand thc sleeping Princess had awakened ; at Love's first kiss Undine had found her soul ! She quite awoke then, blushed violently, ?and rose up. Livingston clasped her hands and knelt at her feet. He told her in hurried words of the danger ; lie urged her to trust to his protection as she would to that of her father, and Hy with him. She was frightened. " Oh, take me away. Henri, to your own land. I am afraid no more of your iee and snow ; you will be there and Lucille happy." A distant noise betrayed thc present danger. Livingston sprang to his feet so suddenly that pain wrung a faint groan from his lips. " What is it. Henri ?" she asked, in alarm. In a low, hasty whisper he begged of her to be still. Was there any place of concealment near? was Hark ! a rushing step upon thc stairs, voices, and hard raps upon the door. Living 8ton lifted his pistol ; but, quick os light, Lucille thrust him on the sofa behind her, and stood erect and pale, facing the intruders. Just fur thc moment her defender, utterly weak, could nqt rise. " Hold !" she cried, as thc fearless courage of her long linc of warlike ancestors shone in every linc of thc girl'B face, and made thc foremost soldier pause, involuntarily. " Who dares enter thc Chateau d'Orvalc unbidden, and with drawn sabres ? Do thc Prussians war with women ?" " Ma foi, mademoiselle, thc Prussians may, bnt wc do not," Baid a respectful voice m French, as a young officer forced his way through the foremost of his men and doffed hie plumed casquette to her with courtly grace. " This is the second time to-day that our helmets have gained us thc uneviable distinction of being Prussians. Wc are a company of Fixiuch cuirassiers en route Henri, mon brave, is it thee ?-what does thee herc ?" broke off thc officer iu utter surprise. And, to the no less intense surprise of Lucille, she saw the Frcuchniau clasp him enthu- siastically. (Coiirlmlnl nat ismn:J 