MODERN FABLES. I.—THE ALDEKMAN AND HIS SAVELOYS. A WORTHY alderman was one night pursuing his avocation as an itinerant vendor of saveloys, which, in sooth, were chiefly coinpounded of murdered cats and pepper, when he suddenly encountered the ghost of one of his male victims. With admirable presence of mind, the fellow, in order to mislead the spectre, shut the door of his oven with great promptitude, and began to cry out "Ice Creams !" The ghostly tom-cat, however, was not deceived by this stratagem, and reproached him for having slaughtered in the course of his business so many of the feline species ; and the saveloy man's conscience was pricked by the remonstrance. Shortly after the interview, two countrymen accosted him and partook of some of his spicy viands. When their repast was ended, they asked what the saveloys were made of. The alderman being still in a remorseful mood, and also somewhat of a wag, determined to tell the truth, and replied, "Cats." After a brief interval, which the countrymen devoted to the ejection of their supper, they set upon him and belaboured him so unmercifully that, in disgust, he relinquished the business next day. MORAL.—Tradesmen should be very cautious when they speak the truth. IL—THE SLYOLD FOX. TWO billygoats were carrying on, with their butt-ends, a dispute as to a question of precedence, when a sly old fox, who had been placated by one of the combatants, intervened in the capacity of umpire, and, while professing the strictest neutrality, unmistakably took the part of his secret ally. A lion who had been keeping his eye on Master Reynard for some time, and had listened to his remarks, reprimanded him for his unfair conduct, and intimated that he would forthwith make a meal of him. The fox, in order to propitiate the lion, asked the latter whether he had ever heard that very good story of the "Blasted Britisher." " Oh," retorted the lion, "I am full on that; and," added he, as a broad grin illumined his open countenance, " I shall shortly be full of you." The fox, although in a great funk, professed to be vastly tickled at this joke, and said, " By-the-bye, if you will allow me to run home and fetch my book of quotations, I am almost sure I shall be able to cap that with a good thing from Horace or Virgil" "Botherthe ancient poets," impatiently remarked the king of beasts, as he began to surround the fox, "they are invariably introduced in after-dinner orations. We will have dinner first." MORAL.—" England expects every man to do his duty." 