"THAT POOR MRS. WILKINS." A TRUE GHOST STORY. SOME years ago tho writer (then midshipman in the navy), having just been paid off in the old V-after a five years' commission, went on leave to his guardian's house, the rectory of L The rectory in question is ono of the oldest in England, with long dark passages, separate wings, and all the rooms panelled and ceilinged with dark oak, I lind perhaps better state, for the informa- tion of those to whom a man-of- war is a "terra incognita," that midshipmen in her Majesty's service are literally never in the dark, as the cockpit where their hammocks are slung is always lighted with police lanterns day and night. They are also never alone, as in addi- tion to their messmates who sleep around thom and two or three of whom they could by reaching out their hands touch on either side and at head and foot, there is always a sentry walking about all the twenty-four hours round: Thus a youngster, even if he be not at all nervous, does not feel particularly comfortable the first two or three nights he sleeps on shoro in a room hy himself with no light ; how much more creepy would he be likely to feel then, when sleeping in a rectory somo hundreds of years old, in a wing without another soul in it. This then was my position one very dark November night. Ny uncle and guardian had had a small party to celebrate my return, dancing had been kept up until one o'clock, and as you may suppose, a young midshipman, who had just been paid off after a long cruise, was not backward m taking his share of thc dancing and fun ; more especially as nearly all the yonng ladies had been playmates of minc almost from infancy. Weil, everything must have an end. and soon after one o'clock, thc last guest having been carefully wrapped up, and thc last farewell having been taken, (behind the door), bedroom candles were lighted, and good nightB were exchanged. Âs I before said, my room was in a separate wing of the house, and furthermore, thc window of it looked out on thc church yard, and being near thc ground could cosily bc used as on entrance or exit,-by a human being or ghost. Not being particularly sleepy, I thought I would have a quiet pipe before turning in ; but not wishing that thc scent of my "ship's" tobacco should go all over the house, I opened the window and leaned out. It was a dark cold night, or rather morning, and the tomb- stones, with their greatcoats of snow, looked remarkably white and ghost like iu thc very small and spasmodic amount of moonshine there was. At first my thoughts were directed to those cheerful and interesting objects (with no idea, however, of composing a second " elegy ou a churchyard"), and I mentally speculated who was buried nuder this one or thc other, whether married or unmarried, male or female, how old tiley wero when they died, what they died of, &c.; j but shortly my ideas turned to more pleasant things, and I found myself thinking what a nice girl Nancy was growing up, how well Annie danced, and wondering when I should seo Aila agnin. Just then a peculiar noise sounded on iny car through the Btilhiess of tho night. It was a very faiut, low, moaning sound, something like that made by thc waves on thc beach when beard from a great distancu in heavy weather. My reverie was effectually interrupted in an instant, and all my faculties were at once concentrated in trying to make out what it was. As I listened thc sound seemed to approach nearer and nearer across thc church- yard, straight towards thc window at which I was sitting. Although the moonlight was . by this time a little stronger I could see nothing but the ghastly white tombstones in > all directions, and the dark, gloomy-looking : church a little ou my .right. As I still looked and listened, however, thc sound suddenly i became much more distinct, and now was ! clearly tn lie distinguished as being long i drawn and deep-breathed sighs and groaua {iroccediuî from what was, or had been, a luman being. At thc same moment the i source of these sounds carno in view. In the faint light, which was just sufficient to make I darkness visible, I saw a white-robed form r slowly gliding round thc corner of the church, i and still approaching nearer and nearer to my window. I gradually made out that it was i figure clothed in cither a night- shirt or wind' iug sheet, with something white on its head, and with its right arm uplifted. Still ncarei and nearer it noiselessly glided, until I could Bee that in the upraised right lutud was a long nakod-bladed knife, on which the moon glinted. Human nature could stand no more ; at least my human nature couldn't. I no not say that my hair stood on end, or even tint I was very frightened ; hut T must own that T was beyond question "considerably scared." Ï slammed down tho window, and turned to Îres, I must confess it-run away ; but, oh lorrors ! in doing so I upset my candle, and was, but for the faint flicker of thc neglected fire, in darkness. The moaning and gaaning still grow louder and louder; and taking another look at tho window, I saw my fearful visitor close under it, and could now clearly distinguish it to bc a pale, cadaverous- looking female, clothed from head to foot in white. This was too much ; and, groping my way to tho door, I rushed as' fast os the darkness would allow mo along tho passages, knocking my Bliins against chairs, my arms against the waihi, and my head against brackets and open doors. Arriving breathless at the door of my uncle's study, I rushed in, and as I expected found him still up. Hearing at that hour of the morning, when everyone was supposod to be fast asleep, his door burst violently open, and seeing mc appear white and panting, he started from his chair, saying, "Good Heavens, what is the matter?" As soon as I was in a condition to do so, I gave him full particulars, when to my astonishment he coolly sat down again, saying, " Oh 1 it's only that poor Mrs. Wilkins again." Oa asking for an explanation, I fonnd that thc good Woman in question was tho widow of a parishioner who had died about a week before my arrival; that from his death, or from some other cause, see had gone mad; that every night since, she bad been in thc habit bf walking about tho churchyard at, to say thc least of it, unusual hours forthat exercise, in her night-dress and night-cap, moaning ; and that the knife in her uplifted right hand was for thc avowed purpose of killing my uncle. The reason she gave for this intention of hers was that my uncle had buried tho dear departed without having fully ascertained that ho was dead. I need scarcely say that he had received the usual doctor's certificate, fid that this was one of her hallucinations, fancy too that I need not tell you that I did not sleep in my own room that night, and that next day I persuaded my uncle to have "that poor Mts. Wilkins" sent to the nearest lunatic asylum. 