The Baden-Baden Conference. AT the European Conference which is about to be held at Baden-Baden the Powers represented will be those whose plenipotentiaries signed the Treaty of Paris in 1856, at the termination of the Crimean war. That treaty was signed on the 30th day of March, and an interval of almost exactly twenty-two years will therefore have elapsed by the time the representatives of the Powers shall have met and exchanged ratifications. It will be but natural that all minds will intuitively revert to the earlier event and review the alterations which time and for tune have since then wrought in the rela tive position of nations. The most strik ing distinctions will be found in the cases of Germany, Italy, and Fran6e. At the former Congress the two first nationalities were not heard of, although ia fact they were represented under the style of the Kingdoms of Prussia and Sardinia. France on that occasion was the greatest among the Continental Powers. Prussia was admitted only on sufferance, the King of that nation being invited at the last moment by the other Powers to send representatives to assist in fixing a scheme of universal pacification. Russia ptit in! an appearance checked, humbled, yet exasperated, as a culprit in the pre sence of his peers to submit to judgment. The interval of twenty- two years has wit nessed the operation of prodigious changes. The despised Prussia of 1856 has ex panded into the potent—almost the pre dominant—Empire of Germany, while Great Britain, which came to the earlier congress flushed with victory and better prepared than at any immediately preced ing period to enforce her demands by fresh resort to arms, has been taunted very recently with affronting rumors that she would be altogether excluded from participation in the settlement of affairs. It is impossible but that the coming Conference will bo approached by some nations with a sense of humiliation and embarrassment, and by others with a glow of exultation. The plenipotentiaries will have ever haunting them the ghost of the Treaty of Paris—that treaty which all the Powers solemnly pledged themselves to respect, which several vowed to uphold with their utmost strength, and which has, nevertheless, been strangled by some nations under the very eyes of those others which had mutually sworn to pro tect and uphold it. Like a spectre, the shade of that treaty will be perpetually hovering around the negotiators of to-day, its presence serving to reproach some with perfidious violence, and others with pusillanimousness almost equally perfid ious. There are articles in the Treaty of Paris which read like a bitter satire on the vanity of Congresses and on the.efficiency of any determination the contracting parties may agree updh with relation to the future. Remembering that it is little more than twenty years ago since their Majesties of Great Britain, Austria, France, Prussia, Russia, and Sardinia en gaged, each on his own part, "to respect the independence and the territorial in tegrity of the Ottoman Empire, and to guarantee in common the strict observ ance of that engagement," how futile as affecting the nations a quarter of a century hence, must appear any pledge that may be given at the coming Conference. To the majority of mankind who seri ously and sincerely desire a conclusivo pacification of Europe, nothing could be more depressing and disheartening than to contemplate by the light of the Treaty of Paris the probability of any permanent advantage accruing from the Conference which is about to commence its sittings. A perusal of that treaty shows that scarcely an article of real importance has escaped infringement and violation in spirit if not also in the very letter. By article three Russia restored Kars to Turkey. Kars has been seized again. By the ninth article the Sultan communi cated his purpose of dealing equal treat ment to his Christian and Mahommedan subjects, and it is specially stated that this communication " cannot, in any case, give to the Powers the right to interfere, either collectively or separately, in the relations of his Majesty the Sultan with his subjects, nor in the internal adminis tration of his Empire." Yet but a few months ago all the Powers collectively did interfere, and appointed a Conference, at which an ultimatum was presented to the Sultan, entirelydisturbinghisrelationswith his subjects, and affecting the internal re gulation of his Empire; and, later, Russia has invaded the Ottoman dominions, so strongly guaranteed against intrusion, with the declared purpose of interfering in these relations and that internal administration. Article thirteen provides that neither Czar nor Sultan shall establish or maintain any military-marine arsenal on the shores of the Black Sea. Sebastopol, however, is a more tremendous arsenal than ever it was. By article twenty-six the Roumanian principalities—made sub ject to the Porte by previous articles—is permitted to sustain a national armed force to insure the security of the frontier. That armed force, in lieu of. defending the frontier, has joined the invader, and power fully assisted to strike a vital blow in the bosom of its suzerain. Another article stipulates that no armed intervention can take place in Servia without previous agreement between the high contracting Powers; yet without any pretence of such agreement the revolt of Servia was sustained by whole battalions of Russian troops, surreptitiously introduced into Servia and openly led to battle by a Russian general. What .significance can be attached to the labors of a conference which will sit down to deliberate knee deep—so to .speak—in the shreds and tatters of a solemn treaty of but twenty-two years standing. From conferences, treaties, pledges, and alliances the world has ob viously little to hope as yet. Europe fer ments and is seething in the first stages of political- decomposition. A conference is but a cork, and may for a time repress, but cannot prevent the ultimate explosion and re-adjustment of particles. It is well to realise the worst and to recognise the fact, that although a chemical decomposi tion may by art be killed, human know ledge has not yet devised a process for staying and arresting political fermenta tion. Before Europe arrived again at a condition of placidity and rest, we greatly fear her surface must be turbid with wars and sufferings; and her constituent parts will not attain rest until an essential re adjustment of atoms has utterly changed her political constitution. 