NOTES FROM WIDE BAY. December 26. THE pipes for conveying the water from Tinana into Maryborough have been landed from the ship Saraca, which arrived in Wide Bay last Saturday, with a batch of immigrants, The ship, drawing only fifteen feet of water on an even keel, was towed up to the wharf in town, where she now lies. The immigrants were readily absorbed—domestic servants (females) at from 10s. to 12s. a week. Mr. Travis, an old resident of Maryborough, now doing the grand tour of Europe, has made arrangements with Mcllwraith's new line of vessels to bring out regular consignments direct to Maryborough. A new era dawning for us ! Gympie races came off on Boxing Day and th* day after. The Handicaps secured a goodly num ber of nominations, ten and nine respectively ; but the handicapping was a botch, and much of the interest in the racing was destroyed Your Gympie correspondent will, however, furnish you with further particulars as to acceptances and results in due course. The Maryborough Handicaps have also filled well. Entries : Mar quis, Mirza, Little Dick, 1.L., Happy Prinoe, Forrester, Count and Kildare—the last named, a young Carwoola, whose debut in mixed com*J4*ny •sill be watched with interest ' He was beaten (but not disgraced) at Gayndah last winter by Mr. Pursell's Bylong colt. Although the drought is over, its effecta will be felt throughout the summer, autumn, and winter, until a temperate and normal spring restores the disturbed equilibrium ; for during the prolonged winter of 1877, aggravated by one of the severest droughts of late years, there was no natural spring iv the grass, and tbe sudden access of hot weather, accompanied by partial rains, prevented the herbage from acquiring that ••body" which, if not gained inthe spring of the year, is never attained. Cattle are no longer dying, but they still stalk like ghosts of their former selves about their camps, and thn young stock, the calves of the season—the few that survive—have suffered irrecoverably, I fear. Sheep in small flocks, on the selections, have done well without exception, and this should turn the attention of selectors to the raising of this kind of stock, which pays well. They can be kept without shepherding nearly the whole year, trained to feed themselves, and to come home every evening as regularly as sunset Of course during the lambing season tbey want watching, for they are apt to lose or desert their I lambs ; otherwise they cost nothing; their wool 1 brings in a yearly income—small perhaps, if the flock be small, but all, or nearly all, profit; while tber *b*o keep down the butcher's bill—no slight consideration, with meat at 80s, to 33a. a hundred! People in Sydney or Melbourne, where a bullock oosts very nearly twice as much as our local butchera have to pay for a beast (at their own doors, too, so to speak), and where meat is not much more than half the price it is in Wide Bay, will wonder at our equanimity, which amounts!to pusillanimity, under the greedy despotism of our butchers, who if they cannot be classed amongst the legally fraudulent, fairly come nnder the head of extortioners. Anew andcostly bridge has lately been oompleted and thrown open for traffic (?) on the lindah road, which I have alluded to before as a private thoroughfare, and a dray was bogged about the aame date on the Gympie highway, about five milea from ICwryborougb. Then ia'something wrong here. Whose fault is it ? Work has begun at the Maryborough railway terminus. The sugar season is over at a number of the mills. *** Men may come and men may go," but Yengarie goea on for ever as a matter of oourse, and a few of the plantations when a vacuum pan is uaed will crush on to the end of January and into February, or until autumnal or late summer rains set in. The weather continues favorable to the planter who baa cane yet to be crushed, but the farmer and tbe grazier could do" with mora rain. The following unique advertisement appeara in tbe Maryborough papers:— " Black Lid. -Membera of the School of Arte whose subscriptions an not paid on or before tha 81st instant, will be posted in th* nading-* room as defaulters after that date,—Jamb Downs, Secretary." Comment is unnecessary. 