CHAPTER XXXIV. ? WITHE* a few minutes tbe news had spread, and a dozen skiff-loads of men were on their way to. McDougal's cavc, and the ferryboat, well filled with passengers, soon followed* Tom Sawyer was in the skiff that bore Judge Thatcher. When the cave door was unlocked, a sorrowful sight presented itself in the dim twilight of the place. Injun Joe lay stretched upon the ground, dead, with his face close to the crack of the door, as if his longing eyes had been fixed to the latest moment'upon the light and the cheer of the free world outeide. Tom was touched, for he knew by his own experience how this wretch had Buffered. His pity was moved, but nevertheless he felt. an abounding Reuse of relief and security, now, which revealed to him in a degree which he had not fully appreciated before, how Yast a weight of dread had been lying upon him since tbe day he lifted his voice against this bloody minded outcast. Injun Joe's bowie-knife lay close by, its blade broken in two. The great foundation* beam of the door had been chipped and hacked through with tedious labour; useless labour, too, it was, for the native rock formed a sill outside it, and upon that Btnbborn material the knife had wrought no effect; the only damage done was to the knife itself. But if there had been no stony obstruction there, labour would have been useless still, for if the beam had been wholly cut away Iniun Joo could not have squeezed his body under the door, and ho knew it. So he had only hacked that place in order to be doing eomotmpg-^in order to paw the. -weary- timfr-:in' ordw'ito employ his tor tured...faoulties..,..Ordinarily,on8.-cauldvflnd half a dozen bits of candle stuck around in the crevices of this vestibule,' left by tourists;' but there were nine now*. Theprisoner had'searohed them out and eaten them: He had also oontrired to oatoh a few bats, and these, also, he had eaten, leaving only their claws. The poor unfortunate had .starved to death. In one place near Bt hand, a stalagmite had beeu slowly growing tip from the ground for ages, builded by the water-drip from a stalactite overhead. The captivu had broken off the stalagmite, and upon a sturup had placed a stone -wherein he had scooped a shallow hollow to catch the precious drop that fell once ia evMy twenty minutes -with the dreary regu larity of a clock-tick-a dessert-spoonful onoe in twenty-four hours. That drop was falling when the Pyramids were new; when Troyfell; when the foundations of Bome were laid; when Christ was crucified; when the Conqueror created the' British Empire; when Columbus sailed; whi2n jthe massaore at' Lexington was "news." It is falling now;' it will still be falling when all these things shall have flunk down the aft<!rnoon of history and the twilight I of tradition, 'and been swallowed up in the thick night of oblivion. Has; everything a purpose and ,a'mission? Did'this drop fall patiently during five thousand years to. be ready, for this flitting human insect's need, and has it another important object to accomplish ten thousand years to come ? No matter. It is many and many a year since the hapless half-breed scooped out the stone to catch the priceless drops, but to this day the tourist stares longest at that pathetio stone and that slow dropping water when he comes to see the wonders of MoSougal's cave. Injun'Joe'B cup stands first in the list of the cavern's marvels; even " Aladdin's Palace " cannot rival it. Injun Joe was buried near the mouth of the cave; and people flocked there in boats.and waggons from the town and from all the farms and hamlets for seven miles around; they brought their children, and all sorts of provi sions, and confessed that they had had almost as satisfactory a time at the funeral as, they could have had at the hanging. ' This funeral stopped the further growth of one thing-th* petition to the Governor for Injun Joe's pardon. .The petition had been largely signed; many tearful, and eloquent meetings had been held, and a committee of sappy women appointed to go in deep mourn ing and wail aronnd the Governor, ana implore him to be a merciful ass, and trample his duty under foot. Injun Joe wag believed to have killed five citizens of the village, but what of that? If he had been Satan, himself,' there would have been plenty of weaklings ready to scribble their names to. a pardon-petition, drip a tear on it from their permanently im paired and leaky waterworks. . | The morning after .the funeral,' Tom. took Huck to a private place to have an imjiortant talk.' Hack had learned all about To m's ad venture from the Welshman and the Widow Douglas by this time, but Tom said lae reck oned there:*was ona thing they had hot told him;-that thing was what he wante d to talk about'now. Buck's face'saddened. He said: "I know what it ia. You got into number two, and never found anything but, whisky. Nobody told me it was yon, -bu.t I just knowed it must a ben you, soon its I heard 'bout that whisky business; and as I knowed yon hadn't got the money becuz you'd a got at me some'way or other, and told me, -oven if you was mum to everybody else. Tom, something'a always told me we'd never get b.olt ot that ewag." " Why, Hack, I never told'on . that tavern keeper. Ton know his tavern uas all right the Saturday I went to the picnic. Don't yon remember yon was to watch there that night f" " Oh, yes! -Why it seems 'bout a year ago. It was that verynight that I follered Injun J*e to the widderV : " You followed him ?" , ".Yes-but you keey raum. I reckon Injun Joe's left friends behind him. I don't want 'em souringon me, and doing, me mean trioks. If it hadn't been for mo he'd be down ia Texas now, all right."- ' Then Hack told his entire adventure in con fidence to Tom, who had only heard of the Welshman's part of it before. . " Well," said Huck, presently, coming back to the main qaestion, " whoever nipped the whisky in nnmber two nipped the money, too, I reckon-anyways it's a goner for us, Tom." ." Huck, that money wasn't ever in nnmber two!" i "What!'* Huck'searched his: comrade's face keenly. " Tom, have you got on the track of that money again f" . " Huck, it's in the cave!" Huck1 s eyes blazed. "Say it again,Tom!" "The money's in tho cave!" .. "Tom-honest injun now--is it fun or ear nest?' , " Earnest, Huok-just as earnest as ever I was in my life. Will you go' in there with me and helo get it out ?' 'I.-.. "I bet I will,_ J will' if it's Where we can blaze our way to it and not get lost." "Huck- we can do that Without the loast . littl* bit of trouble in the world.'" | " Good as wheat! What makes you think the money's- ' " Huck, you just Iwait till we get in there, j If we don't find it, I'll agree to give you my drum and everything I've got in the world. I will, by jings. " All right-^-it's a whiz. When do you say?" "Eight now, if you say it. Are you strong enough?" " Is it far in the cave P I been on my pins a little three or four days now, but I can't walk more'n a mile, Tom-at least I don't think I could." " It's about five miles into there the way anybody but me would go, Huck, but there's a mighty short cut that they don't anybody but ino know about. Huok, I'll take you right to it in a skiff. I'll float the skiff down there, and I'll put it back again, all by myself.' You needn't evor turn your hand over." " Leaf start right off, Tom."' '? All right. We want some bread and meat, .ana our':pip68,"' and' a":little bagor' two, Ma two or.three,late-strings, and.some of those newfangled, .things, they-call."lucifer matchos. I tell you many'a the time I wished I had some when I was in there before." A trifle afternoon the boys borrowed a small skiff from a* citizen who was absent; and' got under way at once. When they were several miles below Cave Hollow, Tom said: " Now you, see this bluff here looks all alike all the way from the cave hollow-no honses no wood-yards, bushes all alike. But do you see that white place up yonder where there's been a land-slids? Well, that's one of my marks. We'll got ashore now." - They landed. " Now, JIuck, where we're a standing yon could touch thntfesle I got out of withaflsh ing-polo. Se if yon can find it." Huok searohed all the place' about, an& found nothing. Tom proudly marched into a. thiok clump of sumaoh buBhes and'said: "Here you are! Look at it Huok; it's the snuggest hole in this country. You just keep mum about it. All along I've been wanting to be * robber, but I knew I'd got to have a ' thing like this, and where to run across it was>: the bother. We're got it now, and we'll keep-' it quiet, only we'll let Joe Harper and Ben Kogers in-because of course there's got to be a gang, or else there wouldn't be any style about it. ..Tom Sawyer's Gang-it sound* splendid, don't it Huck P" " Well, it just does, Tom. And who'll wis rob?" ; : "Ob, 'most anybody. Waylay people that's mostly tie way." - - " And kill them F" , i ? . . - s? "No-not always. ? Hive them in thecava till they rai&e; a ransom . " What'a a ransom ?" "?1 " . - Money. You make them raise all they (an off'a their friends, and afteryou've'kept 'them a year, if it ain't raised'then'you kill them. That's the general way. Only you don't kill the women. You shut up' tha ?women, hut you don't kill them. They're always .beautiful and rioh, and awfully scared.' You take their watches and things, but yon' always take your hat off and talk polite; They ain't anybody as polite as robben-you'll see that in any book. Well, the women get to loving you, and after they've been in the cave a week or two weeks they stop crying, and after that you couldn't got them to leave. If you drove them out, thoy'd turn right around and come back. It's so in all the books." i .' Why, it's real bully, Tom. I b'liave itV better'n to be a pirate." "Yes, it's better in some ways, because if» close to home, and circusses, ana all that." Bv this time everything was ready and th# : boys entered the hole, Tom in the lead. They toiled their way to the farther end of- the tun. nel, then made their spliced kite-strings : fast and moved on. A few steps brought them to the spring, and .Tom'felt a shudder quiver all' through him. 'He showed Huck the fragment: of candle-wick perched on a lump of olay against the wall,.and described how he ana ' Becky had watched the flame struggle and expire. The boys began to quiet down to whispers, now, for the stillness and gloom of the place oppressed their spirits. They went on, and presently entered and followed .Tom's corridor until they reached the " jumping off place."' The candles revealed the fact that it was not really a precipice, but only a steep clay hill, < twenty or thirty feet high. Tom whispered: " Now I'll show you something, Huck.'.' He held his candle aloft and said: " Look as far around the corner as you can. Do you see that? There-on the big rook over yonder-done with candle smoke." " Tom, it's a cross!" "Now where's your number two f 'Under ; the cross,' hey. ? Eight yonder's where I saw Injun Joe poke up his oandle, Huck!" Huck stared at the myatio sign awhile, and1 ~ then said with a shaky voice: ' - ; ' " Tom, less git out of here i" ? i'"-''. "What!, and leave the treasure ?' : . "Yes-leave it.. .Injun Joe'i ghost is round. about there, certain." . - "No it ain't, Huck, no it ain't. Ifc wonld ' ha'nt the place where he died- away at the month of the cave-five mile from here."- ' ; "No,. Tom, it wouldn't. It would 'hang :: round the money. 1 know the ways of ghosts, and BO do you." Tojn began to fear that Huck was right. Misgivings gathered in his mind. But pre sently an idea occurred to him. ." Looky here, Huck, what fools we're mak ing of ourselves; Injun Joe's ghost ain't a going to come around where there's a cross!" The poiut was well taken. It had itsefleot. "Tom, I didn't think of that But that's so. It's luck for us, that cross is. I reckon we'll climb down there and have a hunt for thatbox." ? Tom went first, cutting rndo steps in the clay hill as ho descended. Huck followed. Four avenues opened out of the small cavern which the great rock stood in. The boys ex amined three of them with no result. They found a small recess in the one nearest the base of the rock, with a pallet of blankets spread down in it; also an old suspender, some bacon rind, and the well-gnawed boneB of two or three fowls. But there was no money box. The lads searched and re-searched this place, but in vain. Tom snid : " He said under the nross. Well, this comcs nearest to beiug under the cross. It can't be under the rock itself, becuuse that sets solid on the ground." They searched everywhere once more, and then sat down discouraged. Huck oould sug gest nothing. By-and-by Tom said :. .. i "Looky here,Uuok; there'sfoot-prints and some candle-grease on the clay about, one side.', of this rook, but not on the oihcr sides /Now.-, what's that for? I bet you the money is under the rock. I'm going to dig iu the clay." . "That ain't no bad notion,"Tom!"- ? said , Huck, with animation. Tom's " real Barlow " was out at once, and he had not dug four inches before he struok wood. "Hey, Huck! you hoar that?" Huck bogan to dig and scratch now. Some boards were soon uncovered and removed. Thoy had concoaled a natural chasm which led under", tho- rock. Tom got into this and held his.candlo as far under the rock as ho could, but said ho could not see to tho ond of the rift. He propoBed to oxplore. Ho Btooped and passed under ; the narrow way descended gra dually. He followed its winding course, first to the right, then to tho left, Huck at his heelB. Tom turned a Bhort curve by-and-by, and exclaimed: " My goodheBs, Huok, looky here!" It was. the treasure-box, sure enough, occu pying a snug little cavern, along with an empty powder-keg, a couple of guns in leather caseB, two or three pairs of old mocassins,7 a leather belt, and some other rubbidh well aoaked with the water-drip. 11 Got it at lost!" said Huck, ploughing among the tarnished coins with his hand. " My, but we're rich, Tom!" " Huck, I always reckoned we'd get it. It's just too good to believe, but we have got it, sure! . Say let's not fool around here, let's snake it out. Lomme see if I can lift the box." It weighed about fifty pounds. Tom could lift it after an awkward fashion, but could not carry it oonveniently. .'I thought so," he said; "thoy carried it like it was heavy that day at the ha'nted house -I noticed that. I reckon I was right to think of fetching the little bags along." The money was soon in the bags, and the boys took it up to the croBS rock. " Now let's fetch the guns and things," said Hack.: " No, Huck, leave them there. They're just the' tricks to h&vo; when we go to robbing. 'We'll keep them there all the time, and we'll hold our orgies there, too. It's an awful snug place for orgies." " What's orgies ?" "I dunno. But robbers always have orgies, and of course we've got to have them too. Come along, Huck, we've been in here a long time. It's getting late, I reckon. I'm hungry, too. . We'll eat and smoke when we get to the skiff.'* ? They presently emerged into tho clump of sumach bushes, looked warily out, found the coast clear, and were soon lunching and smok ing in the skiff. As the sun dipped towards the horiEon they puBhed out and got under way. Tom skimmed.up the shore through the long twilight, chatting cheerily with Huck, and landed shortly after dark." "Now, Huck, said Tom, "we'll hido the money in the loft of the widow's wood- shed, and'I'll come up in the morning, and we'll count and divide, and then we'll hunt up a place out in the woods for it, where it will be safe. 'Just you lay quiet here and watch the stuff till I run and hook Benny Taylor's little waggon; I won't be g»ne a minute." He disappeared, and presently returned with the waggon, put the two Ismail satks into it, threw some old rags on top of them, and started off,"dragging his cargo behind him: When the boys reaped the Welshman's house they slopped to rest. JuBt as they were about to move on, the "Wdshman stepped out and said: Hallo, who's ttat?" ".Hack and Tom Sawyer." "Good! iOome along with me, boys, you are keeping everybody waiting. : Here, hurry np, trot ahead; I'll-haul the waggon for you. Why, it's not as light as it might be. Got bricks in it, or old metal P" " Old metal," said Tom. "I; judged so; the boys in this town will take more trouble and fool away more time hunting up six bits worth of old iron to sell to the foundry, than they would to mike twice the money at regular work. But that's human nature. Hurry along, hurry along!" J The boys wanted to know what the hurry was about., - _ v '? '.'Nevermind; -you'll aee.when you get to the Widow Douglas's.". - llnck said with some: apprehonsion, for he WSB long used to being falsely accused: ? ? ? " Mr. Jones, wo havn't been doing nothing.". The Welshman laughed. ? ? . "Well, I don't know, Huck, my boy. I don't know about that. '" 'Ain't you and the widow good friends?" : . "Tes/' Well slio's bon a good friend to mo, anyways." ' ' ' " " All right, then.'.. What'do you want to be ' afraid for?."' ...' . : . '?/..." '1 his question was not entirely answered in Huok's slow mind before he found himself pushed, along with Tom, into Mrs. Douglas's drawing-room. Mr. Jones left, the waggon near tho door and followed. The placo waB giandly lighted, and every body that was of any consequonce in tho village was thcro. Tho Thatchers were there, the Harpers, tho Kogorses, Aunt Polly, Sid, Mary, tho Minister, tho editor, and a great many more, and all .dressed, in their bost. .The-.widow received tho boys as heartily as any one could well receive two such looking,beings. They were coverod with clay and candle-grease. Aunt Polly blushed crimson with humiliation, Mid frowned and shook her head at Tom. No body suffered hnlf as much; as tho two boys did, however. Mr. Jones said:' . " Tom wasn't at homo yet; no I gave him up; but I stumbled on him and Huck right at my door, and so I iust brought them along in a' hurry." . . /' And you did just right,"* said tho widow. Como with mo, boys." She took thorn to a bodchamber, and said: " Now wash and dress yourselves. Hero aro two now suits of clothes-shirts, Books, every thing complete. Thoy'ro lluck's-no, no, thanks, Huck-Mr. Jones bought oho and I tho othor. But they'll fit both of you.; .Got into them. We'll wait-como down whon you aro slicked up enough. . Then sho loft. . [To be continued.) 