y LITERATURE. Literary Notices. HISTORY OF ENGLISH HUMOUR ; -WITH AN INTRO DUCTION UPON ANCIENT HUMOUR. By the Kev. A. G. L'ESTRANGE. Hurst and Blackett, London. This is a most readable woris, in wo voiumc hut the price of it will tend to limit its circulatio The author regards pure humour as an element i our mental constitution, and draws a distinctiç between it and the ludicrous. We think the di tinction he draws is very like " a distinction witl out a difference," for is not the ludicrous simply variety of the humourous? The latter is as pr tean in its manifestations as wit is, and embraci an immense variety of laughter-provoking noi sense, ranging from, the rudest horse-joke to tl most elegant and classic fancies of the min The first part of Mr. L'Estrange's woi contains some useful information on tl subject of scripture humour, and Greek ai Roman humour, and also on the humoi of the middle ages, as exhibited in legends, r manees, allegories, mummings, &c.; The work not a mere collection of humourous scraps and ane dotes, but a formal and very instructive treati on the subject, illustrated copiously by extrae from the writings of distinguished humourisl The following passage displays the author's sty both of thinking and writing : As tn ancient times we find Achilles singing to his lyre, the English musicians and storytellers were originally am teurs of high rank. We read of King Alfred charming tl Danes with his minstrelsy. So, also, In the Arthurii , legends Sir Kayo is represented as umuslng tile company but at the time of Hoel Dba's Welsh laws, the bard was pal for.we read that tho Icing was to allow him a horse and woollen garment, and the queen to give him a linen robe ; tl prefect of the palace is privileged to sit nour him on festival and to hand mm his harp. Canute seems to havo treated li scalds with less ceremony, for he threatened to put one them to death because he recounted his oxploits too short a poem, but the man escaped by producii thirty strophes on the subject next day. The Saxon gleem< were generally of humble origin, and not only perform! muslo, but oxhiblted tricks. Bo also among tl Normans wo find the barons originally nmusii one another with " gabs," i.e., boustful ai exaggerated accounts of their achievements. 1! soon a grouter amount of loisure and luxury led them to pi fur amusement; professed musicians and story-tellers we introduced, and were classed willi thu mauslrt, ur servant wheiicB came the name minstrel, which was sooti con tined them alone. We find Taillefer going before William the Co queror ut tile battle of Hastings, chanting the brave deeds < Charlemagne,, und making a display of skill, in tossing ai catching Ins sword and spear. This union of tricks and mus became so common that tho words minstrel and jouglei were soon synonvmus, though there was originally a di tinction between them. The word jougleur, sometimes I mistake written jongleur, is derived from the Latia joculiito Thisolussof people wore conjurers, as their nume suggest and often went about the country with performii animals, especially bears and monkeys. The gradually added songs to their accomplishment which more assimilated them to the minstrels, and they b came connected with, and were sometimes called, " tro ubi dours." lu these minstrels, or jougleurs, though snmetimi strolling independently, being often attached to treat hous holds, wo fiad an element of the domestic, or as he ls oallei court fool, und we find another in their performances bein of that primitive character which appeals chietly to the pe coptloa of the senses. For although tho " joeular " pat originally subordinate, had boen increased, it took so rude form that the ludicrous was not ul ways easily distinguish! from tho humourous. Tho fool was a strange mixture both, varying from a mere idiot and butt to a man of geuiu far superior to his masters. He made shrewd remarks, an performed senseless unties ; the city fool, on lord Mayor day, was to jump, clothes and all, into a large bowl of eui tard. To a certain extent he generally correspond» with his name in having some mental weaknes or eccentricity, and it was a recommendation i he were dwarfish or deformed. He wore i ."motley" suit of discordant colours to make him ridioulous and correspond with the incongruity of his mind and actloni -a dreis similar to tho hundred patched paniculus centunculu, ' of the Roman mimes. Sometimes he wore a petticoat 01 calf-skin to resemblo an idiot. Finally, he had his heac shaved, and wore a cowl to make him like a monk, as nh buffooneries would thus havo a stranger character, and thc nobles had no great affection for the church. The dornest!« fool was common in the fourteenth and fifteenth centurie! up to the time of Louis XIV. ; but it is said that there wert such men at the Court of Louis le Débonnaire. Giraldm Oumbrenses writes that when he was preaching for the Cru sades in 8outh Wales, one John Spang " who by simulating fatuity, and having a quick tongue, was wont^to be a great comfort to the court," said to Iiesus, tho king : " You should be greatly indebted to your relative the Archdeacon for send . lng a hundred of your men to-day to follow Christ, and if he had spoken Welch I do not believe that one of all your people would remain to you." This was towards the end of the twelfth century, but it does notseem clear that John 8pang was a court jester. We may fairly consider that the institu tion of the domestic fools, the employment of men, who pro fessed jocularity as a branch of ort distinct from music and legerdemain inoreased mental activity, and a growing de sire for humour. But the men who made j»sting their pro fession were generally regarded with contempt, and an Act of Parliament in the reign of Edward III. ordered strollers of this kind to be whipped out of the town. An old satire written at tho timeuf the Information brings together actors, dustmen, jugglers, conjurers, und sellers ot indulgences. The firs* volume contains notices of many of the early English humourists, with extracts from their writings, and the same course is pursued in the second volume with respect to modern humourists. The work, therefore, forms a tolerably complete filide to students of English comic literature. We , ave only room for an extract or two, and these we select from the author's remarks on the cele brated Peter Pindar. He says : Wolcott, a native of Devonshire, was educated at Kings bridge, and apprenticed to an apothecary. He soon dis covered a genius for painting and poetry, and commenced to write about, the middle of the lust century as Peter Pindar. Ho composed many odes on a variety of Humourous subjects, such us" The Lousiad."" Ode to Ugliness," "The Young Fly and the Old Spider," " Ode to a Handsome Widow," whom he apostrophises as "Daughter of Grief," "Solomon and the Mouse-trap." "Sir.Joseph Banks and the Boiled Fleas,"" Ode to my Ass," "To my Candle,""An Ode to Eight Cats kept by a Jew," whom he styles " Singers of Israel." Lord Nelson's night-cap took fire as the poet was wearing it reading in bed and he returned it to him with the words, ' " Take your night-cap again, my good lord, I desire, For I wish not to keep it a minute, "What belongs to a Nelson, where'er there's a fire, Is sure to be instantly in it." - In " Bozzi and Piozzi " the former says : ' Did any one, that he was happy cry, Johnson would tell him plumply 'twas a lie; A lady told him she was really so. On which he sternly answered, ' Madame, no ! Slckly you are, and ugly, foolish, poor, And therefore can't be happy, I am sure.'" UPON POPE. Grant me an honest fame, or grant mo none,* Says Pope (t don't know wbpirijj, u littlo Uar, Who if he praised u mun, 'tvms in a tone Thnt nimio his praise like bunches of s weetbriiir, "Willoh, «hilf u pleasing fm gm ncc; it bestows, Tops out ii pretty pickle un your nose." Ho seems to havo gained littlo by Iiis early poems, many0' which were directed against the Royal Academicians. One commences : " Sons of tho brush, I'm here again ! At times « Pindar and fontaine, Casting poetic-pearl (I fear),;to swine 1 Por, hang ine, if my last year'* odes Faid rent for lodgings near the gods. Or put one sprat into this mouth divine." Sometimes he calls the Academicians, " Bons of Canvas ; " sometimes " Togrags and bobtails of the sacred brush." He af terwards wrote a doleful elegy, "The Borrows of Peter," and seems not to have thought himself sufficiently patron ised, alluding to which he says " Much did King Charles our Butler's works admire. Bead them and quoted them from morn to night, Tet saw the bard in penury expire. Whose wit hod yielded him so much delight." Further on, Mr. L'Estrange, continuing his ob servations on Wolcott, says:-" In ' Orson and Ellen' ho gives a cood description of the landlord of a village inn and his daughter : " The landlord had a red round face Which some folks said in fun Resembled the Bed Lion's phiz,' And some, the rising Sun. " Large slices from his cheeks and chin Like beef-steaks one might cut ; And then his paunch, for goodly size ? Beat any brewer's butt. " Tho landlord was a boozer stout, A snuff-taker and smoker ; And 'twixt his eyes a nose did shine Bright as a red-hot poker. " Sweet Ellen gave the pot with hands That might with thousands vie ; Her face like veal, was white and red And sparkling was her eye. " Her shape, the poplar's easy form Her neck the lilly's whitej Boft heaving, like the summer wave And lifting rich delight. " And o'er this neck of globe-like mould In ringlets waved her hair ; Ah! what sweet contrast for tho eye The jetty and the fair. " Her lips, like cherries moist with dew Bo protty, plump, and pleasing. And Uko the juicy cherry too Bid seem to ask for squeezing. " Yet what ls beauty's use alack 1 To market can it go ? Say-will it buv a loin of veal, i Or round of beef P Ho-no. " Will butchers say ' Choose what you please Miss Nancy or Miss Betty ? * Or gardeners, * Tako my beans and peas Because you are so pretty P " "We strongly commend this work to all who wish to obtain without wading through a sea of books a clem* knowledge of comic literature, and especially of English comic literature. In.this every-day work-a-day world, where the struggle for existence waxes stronger as popula tion increases, and where the acquirement of wealth seems to be the end, and aim, and chief good of most men, it is pleasant to find that the muses are not quite forgotten, and that there still live some genial souls to whom the work of com posing poetry is a delight. One or two works from writers of this type claim from us a brief notice. "Songs of the Rail," by Alexander Anderson, sur faceman, published by Simpkin, Marshall, and Co., of London, fully sustains the reputation which this modest wooer of the poetic muse has acquired by his former works. The following verses on the cuckoo isa favourable specimen of Mr. Anderson's poetry : Amid the sound of picks to-day. And shovels rasping on the rall, A sweet voice came from far away, from out a gladly greening vale My mate looked up in some surprise ; I half-stopp'd humming idle rhyme : Then said, the moisture in my eyes, "The cuckoo,'Jack, for the first time." How sweet he sang ! I could have stood For hours, and heard that simple strain An early gladness throng'd my blood. And brought my boyhood back again. The primrose took a deeper hue. Tho dewy grass a greener look; Tho violet wore a deeper blue, A lighter music led the brook. Each thing to its own depth was stirr'd, Leaf, flower, and heaven's moving cloud As still he piped, that stranger bird, . His mellow May-song clear and loud. Would I could see him as he sings. When, as if thought and aot were one He came ; the grey on neck and wings Turn'd white aguinst the happy sun. I knew his well-known sober flight. That boyhood made so dear to me ; And blessings on him I he stopp'd in sight : And sang where I could hear and see. Two simple notes were all he sang. And yet my manhood fled away ; Sear God ! the earth ls always young. And I am young with it to-day. A wondrous realm of early joy Grew all around as I became Among my mates a bearded boy. That could have wept but for the shame. For all my purer life, now dead. Bose up, fair fashioned, at the call Of that groy bird, whose voice had shed The charm of boyhood over all. O, early hopes, and sweet spring tears ! That heart has never known Its prime, That stands without a tear and hears Tho cuckoo's voice for the first time. " Swallow Flights," by Louise Chandler Moulton, published by Macmillan and Co., London, contains some very pretty poems. A vein of sadness runs through them, but this is often relieved by gleams of true poetic sunshine. We select a few samples, the first of which is entitled " Out in the Snow." Snow and silence came down together, Through the night so white and so still. And young folks, donned from the bitter weather Housed from the storm und the chill Heard in their dreams the sleigh-bells jingle, Coasted the hillsides under the moon. Felt their cheeks with the keen air tingle, Skimmed tho ice with their steel-clad shoon. They saw the snow when they rose in tho morning, Glittering ghost of the vanished night. Though the sun shone, clear In the winter dawning, And tho day with a frosty pomp was bright. Out iii the clear oold winter weather Out In the winter air like wine Kate with her dancing scarlet feather, Bess with her peacock plumage fine, Joe and Jack with their pealing laughter, Frank and Tom with their gay hallo. And half a score of roisterers after. Out in tho witching, wonderful snow Shivering grey-beards shuffle and stumble Righting themselves with a frozen frown, Grumbling at every snowy tumble But young fulks know why the snow came down ! Here are verses exhaling the very incense of the May flowers which they describe : If you catch a breath of sweetness. And follow the odorous hint Through woods where the dead leaves rustle, And the golden mosses glint. Along tho spicy sea-coast. Over tho desolate down, You will find the dainty May-flowers When you come to Plymouth town, Where the shy spring tends her darlings, And hides them away from sight ; Pull off the covering leaf-sprays. And gather them pink and white. Tinted by mystical moonlight, Freshened by frosty dew, Till the fair transparent blossoms To their pure perfection grew. Then carry them home to your lady, For flower of the spring is she— pink and white, and dainty and slight. And lovely as love can be. Shall they die because of her beauty? Shall they livo because she is sweet? They will know the fate they were born for ; But you—must wait at her feet. There is a touch of the spiritualist philosophy in the following verses :— Hear and blessed dead ones, can you look and listen To the sighing and the moaning down here below ? Does it make a discord in the hymns of heaven The discord that jangles in the life you used to know ? When we pray our prayers to the Great God above you, Does the echo of our praying ever glance aside your way ? Do you know the thing we ask for, and wish that you could give it You whose hearts ached with wishing in your own little day? Are your ears deaf with praises, you blessed dead of heaven, And your eyes blind with glory that you cannot see our pain ? If you saw, if you heard, you would weep among the angels. And the praises and the glory would be for you in vain. Mrs. Moulton is an American lady. The preced ing samples of her poetry clearly show that her book of swallow flights is worth reading. A certain portion of the Christian world is all ablaze with rebellion against an eternal hell. Canon Farrar in England, and Mr. Beecher in America, deny the doctrine of eternal torments for the sinner, and affirm that no such doctrine is taught in the scriptures. A large number of clergy men of various degrees of reputation as scholars and theologians also negative the doctrine, and it would seem that a vast body of Christians are ripe for change of view on this point. Canon Farrar says io his recently published sermon on the sub ject that if the doctrine of eternal torment "be in deed a tenet of our faith, it is one so appalling, that it cannot be obtruded too incessantly, or too vividly pourtrayed. But if, as I believe, the current opinions about hell are not tenets of our faith, they cannot be too honestly or too distinctly repu diated." Canon Farrar affirms that this anti Christian doctrine of unending torment tends to make many men reject Christianity altogether. He says:— Clergymen of all denominations bewail their utter inability to prevent the spread of materialism and infidelity. I, for my part, cannot be surprised at this when I feel within me the revolt of an indignant conscience against much which is taught as an essential part of a Gospel of Salvation. It was the doctrine of endless torments which made an infidel of the elder Mill. Does the reader suppose that in this respect he stood alone ? Those who work among our London artisans know well the effect that the doctrine has on them. Never was there a wilder and more monstrous delusion than that it is efficacious in deterring them from sin ! " I am but thirty two : I am a coke-burner, which has injured my lungs. I have worked seven days and seven nights, on and off. You see I haven't had any chance," said a poor man to Mrs. Marie Hilton. " Do you realy think, master, that God Almighty will put me in fire for ever and ever, after putting me in this here mud all my lifetime ?" asked a rough navvy of a city missionary not long ago. People who sit in their armchairs may show that his theology was very wicked ; but are such minds likely to be restrained by preaching endless torments? That has been done very amply in all ages ; with what effect ? In another part of the Canon's sermon he has this passage respecting the views taught by Mr. Spurgeon, and which are the views taught by hundreds of other preachers belonging to the Roman Catholic, Presbyterian, Church of England, Wesleyan Methodist, Primitive Methodist, Baptist and other religious bodies, namely— It was in a far mor pitying and Christian spirit, but with equal vividness in the imagination of the horrible that Mr. Spurgeon has written thus:—"Thou wilt look up there on the throne of God, and it shall be written, ' For ever !' When the damned jingle the burning irons of their torment they shall say, ' For ever !' When they howl, echo cries ' For ever !' " "For ever" is written on their racks, "For ever" on their chains ; " For ever" burneth in the fire, " For ever" ever reigns. Can those who dwell on such ghastly imaginations try to realise the significance of these expressions? Such oratory has been heard for many centuries ; and although those who have used it may often have done a very blessed work by virtue of their other doctrines, there is overwhelming evidence to show that the outcome of such delineations, taken alone— were they not rejected as they are by the instinctive faith of man—could only be hysteria, terror, and religious madness in the weak, and ignorant infidelity or incredulous abhorrence in the strong. He entertains but a very poor opinion of the fear of hell as a deterrent from vice. The Rev. Robert Suffield an ex-Jesuit says :— " From the fear of hell," after twenty years' experience as confessor to thousands while working as ' Apostolic Mission ary' in most of the large towns of England, in many posi tions of Ireland, in part of Scotland, and also in France, we never expected virtue, or high motives, or a noble life; but we practically found it useless as a deterrent. It always in fluenced tho wrong people and in a wrong way. It caused infidelity to some, temptation to others, and misery without virtue to most. It appealed to tho lowest motives and the lowest characters; not, however, to deter from vice, but to make them the willing subjects of sad and often puerile superstitions." The Canon's sermon cannot of course be regarded as an exhaustive treatise, being nerely a brief and popular expression of opinion, which has been called forth by the agitation that prevails on the subject, in nearly every Protestant Church in America sermons have been preached recently on the doctrine of the everlasting torture of sinners, some of which discourses have been in favour of the doctrine, and many against it. As we might expect from such a variety of minds the arguments advanced pro and con have been numerous and varied, and in some cases absolutely grotesque. In one case a benevolent clergyman argued from the received opinions of physicists respecting the dissipation and continuity of energy that sinful men would be roasted for ever in excruciating agony. This ghastly doctrine, however, was rejected by large numbers of clergymen as alto- gether unscriptural. In England the subject has also been much debated of late. Such of our readers as wish to inquire further into the matter would do well to obtain Canon Farrar'a and Mr. Beecher's sermons, and recent issues of the Christian World newspaper, in which they will find much information on both sides of the question in dispute. 