BIBLE REVISION. - : Some Popish, papers have' been making merry over the proposal,'no w being car ried out, to revise the present authorized version of the .Bible ; and our Sydney Freeman thinking', the matter goodf'fbod for the Papists of New South Wales/has reprinted the " lucubrations." Let us see what ignorance, Bible liatred,' anff Romish : hypocrisy can say on' the subject. to delude the unhappy people who" are fed on; the f food " which Popish papers give 'them. . The lucubrations 'begin . thus : " It rib .not, surprising, that. men who have . under- ' taken to reform, the Church of God should , he. willing also to reform, the written Word fifGod. Tlieir ancestors were fond of this amusement, and forty-eight' English acholars and ministers-'who spent three years- — from 1603 to 1606— in ' manufac- - turing a version that would be acceptable to their royal master King James L,- did not hesitate to strike out the -'whole of- seven books which are as canonical as Genesis or the Gospels ; to eliminate cer tain chapters from other books ; to falsify the meaning of sentences which militated against their notions of what tho Holy Ghost should have said, but which they did not dare to expurgate altogether. The ; Old Testament, as settled by the Council of Trent, more than three hundred years ago, and forty years before the forty-eight servants of King James mutilated it, con- sisted of forty-six books ; they struck out the books of Tobias, Judith, Wisdom, Ecclesiasticus, Barack, and the two books of Maccabees j they omitted six chapters from Daniel . . . The knowledge of these facts is nol generally diffused among even intelligent Protestants," dec. As a set off against this frightful depravity of Protestants, and in praise of the happy Btate of! Catholics, "learned aud simple," the "lucubrations" tliub conclude : — " Every Catholic, learned or simple, knows that the Bible is the Word of God ; his ground for this belief, how ever, . has nothing to do with literary criticism, historical evidence, or private opinion; he know3 it simply because the Church tells him so . . . the Catholic English version is a; translation from the Latin Vulgate which was rendered from the original Hebrew and Greeks by St. Jerome- towards the end of the fourth century." It is;hai'd to restrain oneself when one reads - such , lucubrations; printed off and circulated among a people utterly incap able of testing their truth, and circulated with the deliberate purpose of prejudicing and1 deceiving them. For exam pie, the ; readers, of Catholic papers are put upon itheir guard against believing that revi sion of a version of the Scriptures is either right or possible; by a sneer at the attempt which was made to "reform the Church of God." Gf course Papists, are told that "the .Reformation'" was a schism and a heresy; and, therefore, the point of the sneer about " reforming the Ch urch of' God ;" and,. as Papists are taught to. deny that the Popish. Church- can ever be>: ." reform ed;" hence -the point! of ' the sneer -about " the amusement of, v. j reformings God's written Word." Such . writing. as sthisf , is the shameless " amusement " of a deliberi ate .'hypocrisy; which- winks as it writes j ' But if. Protestants) ;ave .wrong, and auda- \- oions in ; re vising, the Englishi version of the.. .Word- of God,' what of, Papists- who ! revised ;the . Latin versionoi y- tliei Word 'of God ? Let , us state, a " few facts the knowledge of , which ..is . not ; generally .'diffused-;, among 'even intelligent Roman Catholics." . . - The -Old Testament - was r originally ' written, in the Hebrew -tongue; and utke ;Ne.w; Testament in the",' Greek;- At ' the commencement :,of the;: Christian era; as the. Latin' .tongue began to be spoken-', 'as the common; -language ,v rather,; than .- the' Greek; translations in: the Latin began to multiply;; ,.i Many of /the, translations were; done ' by .unknown - persons ; the variety .' was very, great ;, - and; some ' were';-: exceed- ingly faulty;, while /others,!' were /better.! Confusion , , was the . necessary, ; consequence of these Latin, varieties. One- version 'out ! of the many was known as the Old Italic, ; and was . generally regarded as faithful ; but in the fourth- century 'Jerome began a- new translation 'by- revising.? His work-' out of ' th e - Sep tu agin t - waslost;'all but a; ;mere 'fragment ;> but<he (began- another "out' of the Hebrew', for the ' Old Testament, j and 'the Greek for the New. r This trans-' 'lation- a revised :version--ma,rk " you—' was'.accepted.with favour by- Poper Gregory ' ' I.,/ and became what-is'-nowknowri ifi 'the' Romish-Church as- the-Vulgate-r version in / Latin ; and 'afterwards- by 'the ' Council-' !of Trent' it received suchfanthority that'it was said to'- be" the only - one which- ris' to 'be held as " authentic." ' When. Jerome's ' new' version' was re- ceived, and copies of it were multiplied, Speedily the copies became very corrupt' in consequence of the errors of the' copyist.' One' thing ' which led Jto' these errors wa's- the . publishing of : the .Old ; Italic and" Jerome's new version' -in 'parallel- columns. In course of 'time the copyists' mixed "th'e two and . led to. numerous' and/ Berious blunders. A scholar named, Stephens, 'in ' 1 546, published, a-; 'corrected, cAitiaa. ; of J erbihe's 'version — another " reforming ' of the W or d of God," y o ii see ; but a Lou vain divine, named John Hentenius, saw that Stephens' version was still very imperfect, and ho in 1547 published another cor rected vevsion — another " reforming of the Word of God," you see. But it was found, on still further examination, that the Lou - ain edition had its faults, and conse quently a scholar of the name of Brugensis published another corrected edition — another " reforming ef the Word of God," you see. The work of revision and cor recting was not yet done ; for Pope Pius IV. commanded the Romish divines of his day to collect all the most ancient editions of J erome's translation, for the purpose of making atill further corrections. Pope Pius V. carried on this collecting which Pius IV. had begun. The work was suspended during the reign of Pope Gregory XIII.; but when Sixtus Y. cr»me to the Pontificate, .1585, it was re sumed and completed. Forthwith in 1590 Sixtus V. published a new correct and revised edition — another " reforming of the Word of God," you see — and he ordered that this one waB to be received by die Church as the only authentic Vulgate version, and forbad any person whatever to alter it " in minima par ticular or the " smallest particular." This is not all.; When Gregory XIV. succeeded Sixtus, he found that the edition which Sixtus had published was' so exceedingly faulty that he suppressed it, notwithstand ing that it had been pronounced by an " infallible " to be perfectly correct. On search it was found that it had between two and three thousand mistakes, omis sions and corruptions ! and many of those mistakes and omissions were of the most serious nature 1 Whereupon Clement VIII. who succeeded Gregory XIV. pub: lished- another corrected edition— another "reforming of the Word of God/' you see .—and . now - this is the on e, ..in liatin, .which; is' -said' to be. the only true and , correct version and translation of the original Scriptures I ! He is a very poor scholar indeed who cannot discover, even- in this Clementine version many mistakes , and -.mistranslations of; both the Hebrew and the Greeks wilful mistranslations to support the false teachings of the Popish Church., . Now;- what do our Roman Catholic friends -think of alb this,, as a; specimen' of; Popish "revision of the Bible," and of " re- forming-the Worff of;God?" The Protestant revisionists at present engaged -in > expres sing : in more exact modern; English . the imperfections of. the authorised - version, will -have nothing! like-; this; to" encounter and - master ;- yet an arrogant and - hypo critical' Papist would mock at their labours, .: and tell fthe /Popish people to' sneer at the- Protestants " amusing,; themselves; -by 'attempts to reform the: written: Word; of' God !" " Next week we shall; tell our Roman' Catholic friends a few curious things abouf'the false and atrocious -charge— that1 the "'Protestant' servants of King Jarbes mu tila'ted the : Bible,7' str u ck ' ou t ' seven ! whole books and. several chapters' which' 'are as canonical as Genesis and theGospels"- Meanwhile, ' we -ask our Roman Catholic' -friends ' to',, consider how much they get,-' when it-fis said i that- they? "Icnovf" that'the; Bible is the W ord of God, and that they know th'is,. not on the ground- of literary' criticism, nor Jby historical; evidence, nor by private opinion, but because the Church " simply tells them so ?" 'Notice : the Catholics, in the time of Gregory I,; were told -one' thing, and in the' time of Pius IV. they were 'told; another thing ! In the timeof Pius V. they were toldstill ariother thing; and threatened witli3 anathema if they believed- an'y thing' !else ; but in the" time of Gregory 'XIII.i7tbey were!told th'e very- opposite, and what' they had' received as the " Word ef God was suppressed ! Anil then" in; the time of Clement ' VIIL' tliey were -told something; else, - after" 3000 errors ! had been detected in what- tliey ha'd'&womra; before asJ without any error at all ! ' Such knowledge as this " m'ay - suit - Papists' who are 'sworn to swallow"' what ever the Church gives them,' and to think that white is black and black -white; if the, Church says so ; but such knowledge as this is worse than ignorance, and is' the' fruitful; source of thb "infidelity" antl hypocrisy which fill the jtbrhish. tlChurch' as th'e natural alternative' to dea'd super stition! : i; ' 