Answers to Corresi)ondents. j ^"Correspondents will please take notice thc nóijtiestions will ie answered unless the sender give his real nattie and address in full-wat for publice Him, but.as a guarantee of good faith, and tlwt he i a subscriber. < . Correspondents who reish their questions prompts antwei'ed, should not include inquiries respecting tm ar more subjects in ene letter.' Inattention tothi rule is a fruitful cause of delay in answering, ? ' Constant Readers-Your question about the moor is unintelligible. .-. , , Di I.-The sentence you mention is not gram matical. ' '"' ' .. j . ,W. F. (Laggan.)-We should recommend youvtl apply to I)r, Fortescue or JDr. lßotaJcer. ' ? j Z. Z. asks-,-How many square yards arc¡there in an acre of land?-4840. , ,. _ ."' \ j B. JD.-Thc distance between the North arid South Heads 'of Port Jackson is one.English milëïn-th'e iiarrmvest part. . ' r.¡ ' J. Zt.-The length of one side of a square acre is 69 yards 1 foot 10 inches; one side < of a square kaif acre is 49 yards O feet 7 inches. , i Moruya-Your question was answered. The facts'are as you 'state: The Council- ofEducation, have ftUipower io do what they have done. ! - j .IT.".R. ¡ifcf.-- The case you ine^ion has nothing to do with grammar. . It is .0 mere juster ofusaqè, and usage is the only rule in mcK 'caseéí ?? i , W.H. asks-Is ii legal for parents to compel fandie,children to shepherd sheep in Hie'bush?-^ Tkere ïè no law to prevent it. .' ? ¡ \ ',;Tyrp-"Pepper's ghost" is produced by' the rc flection on a sheet of clear glass in a. dark room of an object strongly illuminated, and so. placed as to he out of sight of the spectators. j . 'S. 'àsUs--l8 a Roman Catholic allowed to gradu ate at. the Oxford or Cambridge Universities ?-^-i Yes;', '(2.) In . what month and ycär'was the Lamb ing Flat Goldfield discovered?-June, 1860. . j J. T.-Your best course is to sue the contractor for the percentage due according to< y'¿ur.agreement; and also, for damages sustained by you by reason of his breach of agreement. ., . \ S.-You can get Jeffries* essays on Taste arid Beauty, price Ss 6d, from George Rebertson, 125f Pitt-street, or from any other bookseller advertising in our columns. . JD..S. J.-The works }yoii inquire about are not cn-si&e; in Sydney. Ann bf the booksellers whose business notices you find in our advertising columns can procure them for you. . i Fpivntain asJiè the cubic contents of an excavation SO'yards long, 6 feet wide, 10 feet deep, batter 6 toi úprl-3,,sides, arid ly ort other side?-Taking the steep ?batter; of. lj. to, be on one, side in the length, not bread(7i. the content zs 2694 cubic izards. ! 8\. Y. S. asks-fl.) Was Mr. JE., Webb, , of Bathurst; ever a member. of' Parliament?-Yes. (2.) Sow to dye brown and blue f- You don't say what material you want to dye-whether woollen, silk, or. cotton. . J...-'. : P. J. K.-There can .be no doubt that two men were hanged in chains at Goulburn, as their skele tons were dug up only a few months back, with the chains 'still attached to therm' but we cannot give you the year or tho date. ' ' ' M. asks-Is there any specified distance per day to drive sheep or cattle to pound?-No, there is . no specified distance, but if the animals are injured , fy(over-driving the owner would be entitled to bring (in action, and would recover damages. Storekeeper aslis-ij accounts unpaid are adver tised zn the local papers, that all accounts of si.T months' duration will be charged at the rate of 10 per cent.per annum, can the same be enforced if the motor' should be summoned?-Nb. . 7 M.--In case of a person cultivating a piece of . wtd whitfi forms part of a Government road, there is no legal protection for him, as the producé no more_ belongs to him than to anybody else, and he / could not prosecute others for taking it. ßkiwa asks-A. has 200 acres, which ¡ie has occu pied four months. ,B has 100 acres, which he has °°°upied over twelve months. B wishes to sell, and i°r "ifl i0° ße»'ß8' Cfín A leqaUv purchase am hold the SOO acres as one selection ?- Yee, if they adjoin, . J), B>-(1.) We think it very lindy that, the lady wouldsucceedin getting a verdict. The promise need not be zn writing. (2.) She would find con siderable difficulty in getting the fruits of her verdict, and %f the young man's position is so poor as you say we do not think the young lady would benefit herself by giving publicity to the matter. G. B. (Tuena) asJcs-What is the best way to season willow and red gum timber?-Cut the trees down when at rest. The willow may then be seasoned in ponds of water. Red gum is usually cut up green, and seasoned afterwards in stacks so arranged ' that air has equal access to all parts of the super Bosjesman says-My father died four years ago, and Mt a sum of money and property to myself and ttoo brothers. The executors in the estate have realised the property, but we cannot get any satis faction, and have not sufficient cash to institute an action. What course is the best to pursue?-Your only remedy is to take legal proceedings. Ida asks-A constructs a dam in a river, which stops all the waterfrom flowing down the channel, the surplus going round the ends of the dam. B, a resident on the same river (Uiver down than A), cuts the dam to obtain water during a smallflood. Can A compel B to make the dam good again?-No. A has no right to dam the river. Tf. H. (Narriwa) asksSoio can I keep the black beetle from destroying s7ieepskins?-FresJi sawdust from red gum (and probably' others of the gum tribe), thickly streived amongst the skins, ts stated to be ah effectual remedy.' You may also try the leaves and bark of the tea-tree: When Hie sldns are stored pack them in layers, with the material between. S. B . P.-To promote the growth of the hair brush the scalp well with a stiff brush daily (with care not to strain the hair) and wash it with pure water, 'to which a little cologne water or tincture of cantharides may be added. Avoid the use of poma tums, oils, S> c. To darken Hie hair, apply occasion ally as a wash the juice of the bark of green walnuts. Janet asks for a recipe for removing a slight dark down from her upper lip?-Try the following : 1 part, by weight, pure crystallized sodium sulphy drate, and 8 parts of fine purified chalk "; rub well, together, moisten with water, and apply a layer the >thic7cness of a knife blade. It should be allowed to remain in contact with Hie flesh not more than two or three minutes. J. C. B.--The pea, altJiougTi very nutritious, is considered by medical men difficult of digestion. Dr, Fullerton, in his " Family Medical Guide," says :-" The common garden pea and bean are nutritious, bili difficult to digest, and not suitable for ' invalids or dyspeptics. Pea-soup requires a robust stomach, or the bracing effects of sea air, to enable us to assimilate it." ' G. L. W. asks how to pickle French beans? [Steep them in salt arid water for twelve Jiours ; then wash them in fresh water, let them drain; and Hien put them into bottles or jars'; and pour boiling vinegar over them. Bruised 'ginger slwuld be boiled wit7i iTie vinegar i ?? Vine or parsley leaves may also be boiled with the vinegar, to impart a green, appear ance to Hie beans. , ^Pioneer-If your statement be correct, your neighbour is encroaching upon public property besides unfairly occupying your right of way to ?water. If you make a proper representation to the Minister ft»* Bands, stating that you fear violence should your name, as moving in the matter, trans pire, he will probably cause proper inquiry to be made, and redress the grievance. ' Nitram- While the person you mention is out of thc colony, arul you cannot serve him with process, your only remedy is by foreign attachment (which will cost you more than the value of.Hie horse, unless he is very valuable), when, af ter getting judgment, you can sell the horse. If he comes into the coltny you can sue him zn Sydney, or in such other district as he niay reside in. SJiearing-In reference to a question aslcedby a correspondent as to the largest number of sheep ever shorn by one man in a single day, S. P., Wagga Wagga, says:-" The largest number of sheep on record as having been shorn in one day by one mari was by Samuel Yates, of Geelong, tn Mr. Army tage^ shed, the number being 275 sheep. This was in the year 1852 or 1353." P. M.-Where the roadway slopes of a tank, di usual, taper to points at the surface of the ground, the content of each slope is of a pyramid shape, and is found by multiplying the triangular surface, one-half of the product of the length and breadth, by one-third of the depth. In other words, the length o f such a slope multiplicd .by the breadth, divided by two, and multiplied by one depth, is the content. ; ", ,P< asks-A , concert .was held at ,a cei'tain place not long since for à charitable object, arid the person who was appointed treasurer ran away with the money. We know where he is.,. Can we malee him give up Hie money. What is our best course?-The management of the charity, we are of opinion, could sue for the money f but there are so many difficulties in the way of ' a prosecution that we do not advise such a step. Header asks-Is twelve shillings paid in cooper a legal tender, that is to say, supposing A owes B twelve shillings, and offers him twelve shillings worth of penny pieces, is B bound in the eye of the law to accept tlie payment thus tendered; also, is silver a legal tender a- ove the value of one pound?- Copper' is not a legal tender above twelve shillings. . Silver to forty shillings is a legal tender, but not beyond that sum. O. B. asks-In what way are tomatoes to be made eatable, and can I make jam of them?-Tomatoes do not require to be made eatable. They are ready for use when ripe, without cooking or other prepa ration. When you acquire a taste for the fruit, they are most toholesome when eaten in their natural ripe state. For making jam, ketchup, viekles,and many other recipes for turning the fruit to account, see " Town and Country " of the 23rd ultimo. A. S.-To destroy lice on cattle and not injure them, take 1 pint jTish oil, pour it on tho animal gradually, from the back of the homo to the root of the tail.. To cure the coto itch or scratches : Faint the pastern joint well with ioliite lead and oil ; any kind o* vegetable or animal oil will anstoer. . Keep the coto haltered so she cannot ¡ lick her feet or go into water for one week. One application of each remedy is sufficient. Keep dogs well greased with tanner's oil, to kill fleas, and heep off flies. "' '"' , j S. says-I am moner of a punt on one of the] chief rivers. My ropes belonging to punt have been damaged twice by steamers running it down, sufficient time not having been given forlorveriny same. The Tolls and Ferries Act does not give any law as to time of notice in order to Imper and clear ropes, cj-c. Will you please inform me if any speci fied time or notice is ?narkeddoion for pursuance of captains of river-going steamers?-The captain must give a sufficient notice, otherwise the oioners of the steamer are liable to an action. Liverpool asks-Canyon give me any particulars of the Esparto grass, where can the seed be procured, will it grow in this colony, and what time in the year must it be sown ?-The plant has been in the colony some years ; and, we believe, can be procured from Mr: Baptist, of Surry Hills. We are not atoare whether his plants have seeded or not, nor do we know of any sustained experiments in its culture, though many have planted it as a matter of curiosity. It would be sure to thrive in suitable positions here. The seed is not procurable here. Freeholder-There is a person who uses the name and title you mention. You have, like many others under similar circumstances, been swindled out of \ your money. In this and many other cases we have been prevented hythe stringency of the colonial libel law (which affords great protection to rogues) from exposing mal-practices. While the public quietly permit editors of newspapers to be victimised oy law for exposing such practices, it cannot be suppo&e;'d that an efficient check can be kept on clever swindlers by thcpres8. Ajax aslis-(I.) Where can I procure the " Guide to the Lato" published by Stevens and Sons, Chan ceryLane, London, price Ss 6df-At Robertson's, Fitt- street. (2.) Is it contrary to law for a young, man, not a solicitor, to make out deeds, conveyances, agreements, Qc, <5>*c, for different people, and io receive money for doing such work, also if sucJi documents arebinding?-T7ie documents, if correctly drawn, are binding, but anybody charging for such work is punishable under the 2>fovisions of the Attorneys' Act. S. asks-(l.) My husband dies, leaving some pro perty, say to thc value of £300. Ile never made a will. Am Icompelledto administer to the property ? -You should apply to the court for letters of ad ministration. (2.) My late husband took a selection [ of320 acres about six months ago. Will that selec-, Hon be forfeited. If so, hotv am Ito act?-If you get letters of administration the selection will devolve 'upon you free from the residence clause, and you can. comply with the other conditions. If you do not adopt this course you will lose the selection. Builder-To construct chimneys in such a manner as to prevent them smoking, thc shaft should be carried vp well above the hoicse, arid higher than any portion of it, or than any of the surrounding objects. It has always been regarded as a good plan to make the throat of the flue a little smaller than the flue itself, and to make thc sides of the fireplace diminish to tlie throat by convex rather than by concave lines. Moreover, no two fireplaces should discharge into the same flue, nor any aperture for ventilation be introduced into a fire flue. W. M. W. asks-A has a piece of land, B à piece adjoining, within a municipality. Twelve months since B erected a dividing fence between the two pieces, without giving A notice, or informing him of his intention of fencing. B now tells A verbally that if he doe's not pay half the cost of thc erection of the fence, he (BJ will remove the whole line. A wishes to know if B can now make A pay the half cost, or if B has any right to remove the whole line without A's permission?-B cannot make A pay for the half now, as no notice according to the Fencing Act was given: and A cannot legally remove the fence if it is on the boundary line. J£. Y. P. asks-How are straw hats dyed brown ? -Brown varnish for straw hats : Best brown scaling wax, ios ; rectified spirits of taine, 2oz; powder the sealing wax, and put it with the spirits of wine into a phial; digest tMem in a sand bath, or near afire titi the wax is dissolved; lay on warm with afine soft hair-brush before a Ure or in the sun. (2.J Hoto to clean the ivory handles of table-knives? They should be daily exposed to the action of the sun under glass, and be turned from time to time, that they may become equally bleached; if the brown colour be deeper' on one side than the other, that side showd, of course, be for the longest time exposed to the sun. '. Country Teacher-To \ re-gild an old picture frame, take a sponge and some clean water and wash the frame well, then let it dry ; procure some water gold size ; mix some wami thin, size with the gold size so as to enable you to work it with d camel hair brush; give it two coats ; when dry, rub it over with a piece of fine sandpaper ; it will then bc ready for gilding. When the frame es covered rest it on its edge to drain ; when perfectly dry dip a hrús7i into water, and wipe Hie gold over w'itJi it ; it will take the particles of gold off and make it appear solid. For any parts not covered, take bits of leaf with a dry brush and lay on as before ; then give the whole a coat of clear parchment size, brush the bac7c edges over with glue, and the jramc is ready. J. M. (Balranald.)-(1.) Pe», it would be prac tically useless. (5.) No, t/te police could not inter fere. (3.) The only evidence you require to get a "ca re" is evidence of the debtor's intentior.to leave the colony. You can only get a " ca re" in the Supreme Court, but you can get it immediately upon ' issuing the. summons. A " ca sa " in the District Court would be as effectual and obtainable on the same evidence, but it cannot be obtained until after a judgment has been recovered. TJie proceeding is not very expensive in either court. T7io memorial of the judgment has notMng to do toitJi an arrest, but is a proceeding which assists in getting an exe cution against the property of a defendant in a neighbouring colony. (//.') No, the debtor could not be arrested in Victoria. \ Rates asks-Can a Municipal Council legally sue for current rates-what I mean is, can they sue me for six montlis' rates when there are three months of ' the term to run?-Yes. The Council can sue under the 176th section of the Act. (2.) Is there any redress for a tenant summoned for six montlis' arrears of rates after 7iaving been only a month in occupation ?-No. You must pay the amount, and if your landlord undertook to pay Vie rates, ¿nd will not allow same off your rent, you can sue him. (8.) The municipal year, I believe hythe Act, commences on thc Hr st Tuesday in February. Can the Council ?na7ce their rates due two months earlier. Is it not strange, that when the Act gives the date of the current municipal year, the rates do not commence on the same date ?-No. J. T. ashs-Will you kindly give me a recipe for making sewing-machine oil f-For a good lubricat ing oil that will not thicken take olive oil, and dis solve it in boiling alcohol, add it drop by drop to the hot alcohol, until it is no longer taken into solution. Upon cooling, it will let fall ery stats, and leave a considerable portion still fluid ; the fluid part is to be poured off, filtered through a piece of white blot ting paper, and cither used in this form, or tfie alcohol may bc distilled off for fresh processes, and the pure lubricating oil which will remain can be obtained for oiling watches and delicate machinery. This will not oxidize or gum up, and will remain perfectly fluid even when exposed to great cold. The best olive oil in Sydney is wortli Gs or 7s a gallon. J. S. (Wirrah) asks-(l.) If sulphur acid will harden candle tallow, if mixed in the water, without pressure?-No. (2.) What quantity of resin should be med ?-It depends upon the degree of pressure used; with sufficient pressure it may be omitted, and it is chiefly employed when no pressure is available. The proportion depends upon the quality of the tallow ; beef, requiring more than mutton, from five to ten per cent. CS.J Will belar ashes do for soap-making without lime or soda ?-No, except soft soap. (4.) What quantity of ground will one ton of corrugated iron cover?-lt would bc impos sible to give a satisfactory answer to this question without knowing whether for a roof or to be laid fiat, also the guage of the sheets regulating the thick ness of the iron. Bushman asks-(1.) WJiat is the best means of welding steel to iron?-See " Useful Recipes," page 645 of this issue. (2.) The best method of tempering steel?-You do not say what description of tool you wish tempered, but to temper mill picks and chisels heat the bill to a blood-red heat, and then hammer if, till nearly cold ; again heat it to a blood-red, and quench as quick as possible in three gallons of water, in which is dissolved Soz of oil of vitriol, 2oz of soda, and ^oz of saltpetre ; or, 2oz of sal ammoniac, Zoz spirit of nitre, loz oil of vitriol. The bill to remain in the liquor until it is cold. Another : loz white arsenic, loz spirits of salts, loz sal ammoniac, dissolved in four gallons of spring water, and kept in a tube or iron phial for use. Seat the tool to a blood-red heat, then quench it in this mixture, draw it gently over the clean fire till thc spittle flashes off it, then let it cool. Constant Reader asks-Would you kindly in form mc how to remove freckles off a ehild'sfacc seven years old, without injuring the skin ?-There are tico varieties, summer frecldes : resulting from thc action of thc sun and heat, during the summer season, and disappearing at tito termination of the hot weather; and cold freckles will appear at all times of the year. The latter foi m commonly arises from disordered Jiealth or some general disturbance of the system, to which attention should be cliieñy directed. _ The summer freckles may be removed by the application of any of the lotions following :-i. Bichloride of mercury, 5 grains ; hydrochloric acid, 80 drops; lump sugar, loz; rectified spirit of wine, 2oz; rosewater, 7oz; agitate together until thc whole is dissolved. 2. Petals of leaves of red roses, loz ; liot water, 12fluid ounces ; infuse for an hour, and strain with expression, i pint ; add of citric acid, SO grains ; dissolve, and in a few hours decant the clear. S. Sal ammoniac, 1 drachm ; spring water, 1 pint; lavender water or eau de Cologne, $oz; mix. The lotion made choice of shoultl be applied with tho fingers every night and morning, or after, if neces sary. : .'.";V-'..,V -, .. .... , P. M.D,.-If you employ a solicitor, and it would benectssary lo do so about two guineas\would be his elwrgc for obtaining a udge's order. :^I.Ü ?'? ¿ li. O.-Improvements arc judged according lo their value ta the selection, ff the dry 'well is useful, or might Oe,useful, and improves the vallie of your selection, it will probably lie allowed. '?? JV. iT?. (Cooktown.)-The description and illustration of Pro fessor. Gray's telcplwne appeared in this, journal on July ÏU of \ last year. , ., ; , . Syntax as/es-A man, having no children, died without a wit h Does not his wife come in for thc whole of his estate I-ff. there arc no relatives slic docs, but iftliere arc any thc widow is only entitled to one-half. ' ? ' ' ! 1 Hartley Vale asks-/ live on a selection. JS lives on his mun purcluise. Can/compel him to fence Ats portion, as theij adjoin. JÎ trespasses continually on my selection. Can J sue him in the District Court for wilful trespass?-Yes to loth questions. J. M.-The brands belong to thc following:-JM.James McDcvitt, Gun Gun Creek, Gunning; Jm, Jno. Bailey, Carr's Creek, Grafton; JM (./ reversed), James Moore, Pokàlbin, Cessnock; JHM conjoined, James Hy. Merclianl, Tenterfield.. G. F.-(l.~) The picture you rifer to is what is tcmml an oleograph, not, an oil-painting, (S.) Thc mining license in Victoria at the time of the Ballarat riot was 20s for one month. S.Z for three months, &h; far six months, and £8 for. twelve months. Military asks-(l.) / wish lo join the New South "fraies artillery. To whom, should 1apply i-To Colonel lloberts, com manding New South Wales Artillery Force. (S.j What length of time has an artilleryman to serve before lu; can leave?-füre years. (3.) Does lie receive a pension on leaving ?-No., Jiendigo asks-/ took up a conditional purchase'of IO acres and six mont/is after I lookup an additional area of 160 acres. At the end of twelve montlis or three years can I transfer Hie 160 acres to another person, and. Iceep the 1,0 acres myself?-You cannot transfer the additional selection until you have lield thc original for three years. S. L. (Bathurst) asks-How long have pianos been invented and played on ?-Since 17lt. Bartolomeo Christofali, a harp sichord maleer of Padua, made thefirst, and about tfie same time pianos were made by Schröter, a German organist, and Mnriser, a French harpsichord maker. Thc clavichord and harpsichord preceded tlic pianoforte, 'r Regulus (Singleton) asks-Would it be out of order to have a lady sing tenor ?-Not if she luis a tenor voice, but a lady timer would be a novelty in music. Wc suspect the lady i; cit fur 11 mezzo soprano or contralto, and ifcitlicr she cati lead by singing the air. Singing thc air with a male tenor, she will sing an octave above his notes. Tfie tenor part in concerted music is just above thc bass, and a lady's voice is not adapted for it. M. M. M.-Constitutional remedies, so called, are oftpn more injurious than otherwise. Jf the bland is not. pure sarsaparilla, carbonate of soda, or sulphw in treacle arc tlic commonest and probably tlie most ej/ectivc remedies known. The pimples ont/ie skin of young persons usually disappear when they attain thc age of t.wciitij or twenty-two. X. Z. asks-/ wish to bc married to a lady residing in a. distant dist ric'- of New South Wales, whi.rc J liave never lived. Can J do so by special license, citlierby the rites of thc Churcl of England or Presbyterian Church, without having tho banns published thc required number of limes, and what would bc the cost of such special license ?-You can be married without banns. There is no special license fee at all. Bombala aslcs-(1.) / selected ISO acres of land in thc first* class settled district, and it is all within the boundary of ono section. Can 7 break adjoining sections of leased land to get the full amount ofpre-lease ?-No. (8.) / selected alongside a gold field reserve that is under lease to thc squatter,,and there is nit other vacant land. Can /get my pre-leasc m the retcrvel-Ytx ' B. O. S.-- Your advertisement wiUccstSs. < Unit tftematter will have to be ref erred first to the Mining ÏJeparl anent. 5 R JT. wishes to knoto if it would be injurious to a cern with a .cancer on her jaw to milk her, and if not -would it be safe to use ?the milk!-The drain caused on. the system by milking will debilitate the animal, and aggrávate the effects of the cancer. Whether milktdor not the animal must sooner or later succumb to the cancer, unless it is removed- Although milk in such cases has been wed without an¡ apparent ill effects, it yet is unsafe to do so. The milk is neiffur healthy nor nutritious} J. D, asks-(l.\ What is "Kentishfire"!-This is a term which was given io thc continuous cheering which generally took place at Protestant meetings held in Kent, at a time ofgreai political excitement, in 18S8 and 18S9, with the view of prevent ing the passing of the Catholic Relief EM. It has since been frequently applied to the repeated rounds of cheering which are tau/d nt the meetings of Irish Orangemen. (8.) Gm police deÂmrtd free entrance to a race- course ivhich has leen sold by public auction, no vrovision having been made regarding them at the time of sale!-Yes. .Moree asks-If a man dies and leaves no will, but leaves pro perty and a wife and family, can. a creditor obtain letters of administration and claim the whole oj'the property, orr if the wife . pays the debt can she claim the profefty ?-The ividow has the right to administer, and pay thu debts as far asltlie property will . go. Any àalanee is distributable as follows-one-third to widow, and two-thirds equally amongst the children. A creditor can *mly get letters of administration where the widow or next of kin, having been cited to administer, neglect to do so. 