TAEilSEESHB JEAMES.' :A DOMESTIC TRIFLE, i : BS JOHN WISEES.'; Jbambs &'i&r;:k£Mnmmu8 a'man of the iuti;'ahd,what is left of him goes, by another name.' title, therefore, is somewhat of a misnomfcr; and' yet it may as well stand, for are not'tiany men, in all'ranks'of life, only known by, what they formerly were ? IB tho gentleman rider,' Mr. Dander, the winner of innumerable steeplechases, and the breaker of the hank at Homburg (which oren tually broke.him), anything: more now than the bnsband'of! Madame Squallini, the eminent prima donna P -Would Napoleon, if he had never. been out of St. Helena, have been able to' sell bis manuscripts for the price of the paper on which they wero written ? What a cpyberwas Mdcready in retirement! But it is nseleis to: multiply examples. Jeamea used to be' valet tb Lord Coddam, and waa univer laUy aoknowledged'to be tho prince of his order Having acquired ia comfortable provision, and bis masted having lost his very large provision, Jeamea.went into retirement. H<e became Mr. Bobert.Boddigan, and, like other great men in bis,position, became nobody. He had formerly been the'Admiration of Lord Coddam's asso ciates! [the envy of/ Lord Coddam's asso ciates' valets, and the pride of that club of valets which looked dowii on footmen, coachmen, and all other inferior animals. His honesty as a man was equal to hi*'ability "as "a servant. He was accustomed-?to .boast that, he could be entrusted with untold gold; and Lord Goddam, with at least equal justice, would allow that ho coald be trusted with an uncorked brandy bottle, -< His aecresy also ? waa admirable. He once< overheard 'his master and a few kindred spirits; discussing; a sweet scheme for-laming the favourite for the G-oodwood Cap, He neverr told anybody.;- Oh!1 no; he only went and laid a snug sunv on the only other horae in the race. Then* on another occasion, when he had over heard.'a political conversation between two junior Lords of the Treasury, he did, indeed, go and Bell i the conversation to an Opposition M.P. ; but Jeames took care togarble it first, lo that the Opposition M.P. only made a fool of himself. :'iA friend of Coddam got wind of the affair, and came and talked very seriously of the game that Jeames was playing, but my lord was too drunk to do more than laugh and , swear-accomplishments which are the last to' desert a gentleman under such circumstances. '1 There was a story of a' graver kind in connection with a cheating business in 'Brighton,: when it: was roundly stated'that.Jeamea 'had marked thecards at ecar& <* Bnt Coddam piteously asked what was he to do? He couldn't shoot th# fellow; he couldn't thrash him, for the task was too laborious, and Jeames wouldn't care ; and he certainly neither * could- nor would part with him* .; '. '. . . . .<. V . ,. And after all these glories (and many more such), to be called. Mr. Boddigan by green grocers and bakers instead of Jeames by lords and baronets I; To - be reduced to- solitude, a BDBg houseafc Clapham, and a nice property I How the nice property had been realised the foregoing-; paragraph will to some; extent in dicate. It is certain that Coddam never paid . him'any salary, and equally certain that he supplied Goddam with considerable sums. He found, however,'his account in it, for when my lord reached the end of hia tether, and the ere ditors'.came'to'.take possession of one of .rhis few., remaining ^properties, they found: that Jeames: had ::beoii- beforehandj had assumed possession* under a bUl of sale, and had;as* earned .'also:.the title of Mr. Eobert Bod digau. .ThenJeames had a brother-in-law, who: had'-gone "into the city," under the advice and. auspices of Jeames, with the view of: doubling his little fortune.: Going " into the city *' ia very much like going on to the racecourse: it may.resnlt in profit if yon are a professional, and have given all your life to ? the business; if yon try it as anamateur, you are merely taking trouble to go to ruin. The little . fortune of. the brother.in-law soon dwindled ; to one.fourth. It was said that \- Jeames's nice property increased. He, at any rate,- was no worse for going, "into the city," if he ever went at all. ' At his house in Clapham Park Mr; Boddigan had very few' visitors. The principal waa a nephew . named Carter; between whom and Jeames ; thero waa very little sympathy. Richard Carter was an opan-hearted, hard working-yonng fellow, who more than sus pected ;the sourceof the nice property, and didn't muoh like it. He was 4iin the city," hut in a very, different sonso from the unfortu nate, brother-in-law.. He had a position in a house of business, and waa rapidly gaining the confidence of his employers. Having reached tho;mature age of twenty five with decent prospects, it bocamo . him, he fanoied, to look out for a. partner in all .this happiness. Ho had, in fact, fallen in lovo before he began to ! consider whether he ought to tako anoh.a step, and, tho conclusion having been arrived at, : therb coald be little trouble in adjusting the premises in order to meet it. A dark-eyed dumsel, nineteen years in: age, thirty-eight in wisdom, and unbounded in affection, re ciprocated hia views; and Mr; Carter was engaged.: . . . . .r. . . * .. ... He said nothing of this to hia uncle. It was quite^ bad enough to. have to battle with a dragon of a relutivo who guarded his treasure, . without introducing upon tho scene a gentle man of the characteristics of Jeames. Con ; templating matrimony as ho did, Mr. Garter was quite sensible enough to appreciate the valuo of his unolo'a property:; he.was also shrewd enough to know that a declaration of hia matrimonial intentions would probably operate as a sure influence in handing over the property to, somebody else. . It waa also quito plain to the eyes of .a.city< young! man that Jeamea* property could only be secured by be coming a sort of Jeamoa. junior, by being to'! "Hr. Boddigan what Mr. Boddigan had in his day been to that' illustrious peer of the realm, 'Lord Ooddam-by cringing, fawning, and danc ing attendance, and yet with the risk of tho whole fabric that had been built up at such sacrifice of self-reapect, liable to crumble into the dust at any caprice of the embodiment of Mammon) Richard would hare liked the teoney very well; it would have been highly convenient. Eat was it worth having' at tho price 1 Could he get it at all if he married the dark-eyed damsel who posasessed youth, wisdom, and affection, but who, unfortunately,' did not possess coin of the realm f Mr. Carter cogitated these questions seriously as he walked to hia uncle's one Sunday after noon. Mr.' Boddigan " was discovered," as the theatrical books say, reclining in au easy ohair before the fire, trying'to look like Lord Coddam. We aro bound to do that virtuous nobleman the justice of saying that Jeames did not succeed. He (the inferior imitation) waved his hand to Bicbard to take wine. "I'vebeen thinking, Dick," said the ghost | of Ooddam, after a pause, " that you don't pay me as much attenti«n as I might'expect." . " Beally, uncle"- ? , " Now, now, hear nie out. I have no wish to say anything harsh-no intention of ss.yiug anysuch thing. You're a fine young fellow, but I was going to say that you have not quite that perception of the world that I had at your age." . . Now, considering that at the age of twenty five Mr: Bobert Boddigan, alias Jeames, had enjoyed a very considerable perception of bills ' and betting buoks, black-legs and ballet girls,he ' clearly had the: advantage of.the unfortunate' Richard, who had never benefited by this kind of experience.' '?/. : ... ' " You're aware," continued Jeamet, making a still more dismal effort' to look like Coddam; that I have laid by a very snug thing;; and that I have toobody to leave it to, except your self and that silly brother-in-law j " Who ought to have it!" . i " What do you mean'?" -. > " I-I mean that he would be very glad of it."' 1 : " Most probably, bnt X don't . believe in people who persist in ruining themselves. What's the use of my leaving him tho money ? He'dgo on 'Change, and lose it'all again. No. I say that you are the right person for it, but in return I require a little attention, a little of yonr oompanjr. I'm very lonely here, and asl don't intend to marry I think you might come a little oftener; It's ten' days since you were here P" . ? ? i ; " My business requires a deal of my time," replied'Richard; " then as I want to jog on, I devote a good deal of time to business at home." ? . < ' ] Poor Richard did not say that the "hnsisess at home" consisted principally of jogging on the road to matrimony. "With such prospects;yon ought to he ready to give up some of year private business. Anyhow, will you f" ' Mr. Cuter; with a little reflection, 'remem bered that his unclemight live for twenty years, tind that by giving up his " private business," he might ba'eacrificing the'present for a very remote-future. . : 1 . " I don't see how'Ican,uncle,T " Yes or no?" . " Well,'no." ' ' i:;-' ? ?":l *'.'? j ^' Then yoa1 can take yourself off!" i " I will." . . "And "don't" let'fcomirigf,.here;, interfere with your private biisineM^aiy.mdw.";'. } j "No fear." V,"; f i -Thus the loving nephew and nncl# parted.' 