Port Adelaide Corporation. FRIDAY, JUNE 7. PRESENT—His Worship the Mayor, and Councillors C. Hains, Cleave, Kestle, R. Honey, T. Hack, J. Rann, and J. Bennett. Minutes of last meeting read and confirmed. REPORTS. Reports from the Port Adelaide and Suburban Cemetery respecting the planting of Cemetery, and reports from the Town Surveyor and Sana tory Inspector; also, from the Check Clerk and the Curator of the Cemetery. DRAINAGE—PORT ROAD. Councillor Hack drew attention to the fact that through some misunderstanding the Surveyor of the Central Road Board was not pro ceeding with the drainage of the Port-road. His Worship explained how the matter had been arranged, and said that he would take such action in the matter as would remove the misunderstanding referred to, and cause the work to be proceeded with. SEMAPHORE TRAINS. Councillor Bennett asked if the Semaphore trains could be induced to take up and set down passengers in St. Viucent-street, somewhere near the Church of England, alleging that it was a long way for people to walk back from the station to Church. Councillor Rann supported. Councillor Hains objected, upon the ground of the unreasonableness of the thing, adding that he did not sympathise with those who put needless difficulties in the way of railways and tramways. If the people were regular churchgoing, people they could walk from the station, and if not, it was time for them to give up the ghost. His Worship pointed out the difficulties in the way, but said he would seethe Engineer-in-CShief about the matter. Carried that a workman wa& to be put on the Cemetery at 6s. per day. Town Surveyor to have power to sell srit when necessary. Thst regulations respecting the use of footpaths by builders be printed. That one month's notice be given to scavenger that his contract would close, and that the street scavengers be done by Corporation employes. That tenders be called for housescavenging. TENDERS. W, King, junr's., tender for 60 feet of open shute for £21, and Reeves and Herbert's tender for 5,000 feet of V shutting were accepted. FINANCE. Rates received, £224- 9s. lid.; miscellaneous receipts, £41 5s. 3d. Expenditure, £411 15slld. Balance, Bank, £324 14s. 5d. 