The Storyteller. j A Reporter's Story. ; Br ONE OF TfiSE CRAFT. CHAPTER IIL For some time I had lodgings within «aSy reach of my work, in a municipality which, though it forms an important part of Berrytown, is not an integral portion of the city properly so-called. As I was away from my room for at least sixteen hours out of the twenty-four, and every morningwent out long after everyone else, I saw little or nothing of my numerous fellow-lodgers, and rarely met the old1 landlady. Inere was but one lodger whose hours in any way accorded with mine. We had for for a month or two occupied adjoining rooms before we even set eyes oa each other, and when at last we met it was merely to exchange nods. In appearance my neighbor was a man of forty-five, tall, upright, and of military mien. His beard was grisdtre, but strangely enough grey had not invaded the thin and fast decreas ing hair which still remained on his symmetrical head. Numerous deep lines in his forehead and face showed that he had been where the fight is the thickest in the battle of life, but he seemed well preserved and had the bright clear look of those who habitually avoid -excess. He was a man at whom a -perfect stranger would have been tempted to look more than once, but it was his reserved manner which principally commanded my attention. The landlady wondered what he was, and did not even know his name. She had spoken to him but twice, and as he, like myself,' took no meals in the house and had few orders to give it did not seem at all likely that old Mrs. Cramm and her equally curious friends, would have an opportunity of breaking through his reserve. He dressed ! well and quietly. He went out at ten in the morning and returned regularly at about midnight. No name was on the solitary box which contained what were apparently the whole of his possessions. No letters for him ever came to the Kbuse. No one ever called to see him. At the end of each week he left on his dressing table, without note or comment, the land lady's rent, and this procedure was only varied on the evening of his final depar ture, when he left two weeks' rent and his latchkey. He was on speaking terms with nobody, and was, in short, a ' mysterious man.' The first time we met it was on the stairs. At once I saw that he was a foreigner, and said ' good day.' Had he ?been an Englishman, I might have waited for a formal introduction hefore addressing him. He did not reply in words, but merely with a smile inclined his head in recog nition and went on to his room. If he had been ignorant of English his silence iwould not have been so strange. But as I knew from the landlady that he spoke with fluency both French and English his taciturnity, about which I had already heard, began to interest me. Months did not affect my relations with the stranger. I met him frequently, but the result of my first and almost involun tary advance was not such as to encourage one to try and make his further ac quaintance. Not that I felt I had been snubbed for endeavoring to procure his friendship. Had any other man whom I accosted under similar circumstances passed me by deliberately without a word he would have remained unnoticed till the end of my life and would have received no salu tation from me had we afterwards as the sole occupants of the place of exterior darkness. No other man, however, could 'have atoned for the omission as did the stranger. He was silent, but in his dark brown eyes there was 'mate discourse.' A generous but sad nature beamed from them andr illumined his fine face. His features were absolutely immobile; so still were they that I wondered how he conveyed the impression that he smiled. He seemed to be of independent means, and to follow no profession. Every day for years he had spent many hours in the historical department of the public library, none of the attendants belonging to which knew his name nor had ever spoken to him. He read books in all languages, and was the dumb idol and patron saint of the sub-librarian, who spoke half-a-dozen tongues and was breaking his -heart because he saw no prospect of mastering Chinese. It was only when we met at our lodg ing that he gave me his look of intelli gence aud I nodded in return. In the streets, along which he walked slowly with his hands behind him and his eyes cast down, all appeared t9 him alike un known. He frequently dined at that cafe in the city which is the chief evening resort of foreigners and literary men. Every habitue of the place knew him by sight, and no one ever thought of occupying the couch in the quietest corner where he sat each night from the time the library closed until the lights were put out in the , hall. The waitresses did not require to be told what to add to his never-varying bottle of claret. Amid the rattle of dominoes and the loud laughs of noisy opera singers he smoked in meditative silence. CHAPTER IV. Immediately after Barney's death, I started on a long country trip, and when I returned, the silent man had disappeared from his accustomed haunts. ' Mr. Ivanoff,' as he w,as called, had gone, no one knew where, but as he, so far as the world could make out, ' neither lent nor borrowed,' no one seemed to care. There was more concern manifested regarding the whereabouts of Hattie. She had, it was known, really left Moonal for Berrytown, but the depart ment got no tidings of her, and its Secretary was of opinion that she'd 'gone and got married or some thing of the sort.' Women, he said, couldn't preserve official secrets, but they kept their own counsel very well, for when they wished to absent themselves in order to get married, they pleaded ' important private business,' and returned, if they ever did letarn, with names so curiously altered as to cause him great inconve nience. A few days after I got back to town, two of us were ' going the night rounds,' in which are included visits to the hos pitals, gaols and other institutions, when we were told by a constable that a suicide had been reported to the patrol on the bridge. The scene of the occurrence, to which we at once proceeded, was a bend in the river, a little way out of town. The spot was one which had a strong fascina tion for unfortunates who wished to cool life's heat in the 'river. It was dark and little frequented after nightfall, and was a place at which many murders had been committed in the ' old days.' When we reached our destination, we found nobody there but a constable and the two men who heard the splash caused by someone falling into the river. The appearance of the pair was certainly not in their favor, and had there been nothing but their word to support the story they told, a good dealkof doubt would have attached to j their statements. However, the police man had found a large black hat, trimmed with a white feather, at the place where the woman was said to have jumped in, and that fact went for something. But thfc river was deep enough to cover a thousand bodies, and its black surface told no tales. I am by no means superstitious, but must confess that there are places which I, and I believe others, do not care to visit at the dead of night. Walking in the sunlight along the river beneath the archway of drooping willows, and watch ing the racing boats propelled by their merry crews shoot gallantly by, one is not tempted to think of the reverse side; of the picture. This, in fact, is seen by few. Your mild cribbage-player, whose vices are confined to sixpence a corner, reads of the ruined gambler committing embezzle ment and wondere how any man .can be so mad as to go beyond his means. 0_ne hears of despairing men and women throwing themselves into the river, and wonders, not only how they arrived at the depths of their misfortune, but how, when ruin came, their hearts were too weak to bear up. It seems almost impossible that the bright water which laughs in response to the sun should, when night arrives, become a dark, silent, treacherous stream, where drunkards come to drown, them selves and murderers to wash their hands. But the river and the lives of men and women resemble one another in this, that in each of them we lose sight of the shadow and see but the shine. Standing amid the glistening fascinations of the sun light, we laugh at the horrors of the night, just as the cynic, who may, after all, glance uneasily round him on his way home, smiles, or tries to smile, at the well authenticated ghost story told around the winter fire. And just as daylight con tempt of midnight horrors vanishes at the wrong time, so our wonder that at festive gatherings and in scenes which to us look bright, some faces should seem sad, is dis pelled when we, in the hour of misfortune revisit, it may be years after, the once be guiling homes of our happiness. The associations connected with the spot were varied. I had firist seen it on a summer afternoon when wealth assembled in festivity and when the lovely wooded sides of the river echoed with the laughter of those to whom care for the moment seemed unknown. I had also seen ft before, and more than once, when Death and not Pleasure presided. It was quite evident that no good could come of walking up and down the tor tuous path of the river bank on that dark night, for if a woman had really sunk she could not be raised till morning. Yet the place had a strange attraction which kept us there, so we sat down and smoked while the policeman, who had done duty on tta bridge for many years and had passed through strange scenes, recounted his experiences, and told us about scores of attempted and actually-committed sui cides. I only half listened, for I could ' not help thinking about the case which had formed the reason for our. visit. I had but a very slight basis on which to speculate who the suicide had been, but as I twirled the hat round and round on my fingers and toyed with the feather, I came to the conclusion that the wearer had been a woman of taste and, moreover of determination. There seems to be something which prompts certain deter mined people under the influence of vio lent emotion, or about to make a suprems effort, to bare their heads. Examples of this may be seen on the battle field, the cricket ground, or in the boat race. Aud so the fact that the dead woman had before leaping into the water cast aside the relic in my possession, led me, rightly or foolishly, to believe that she was not a drunken unfortunate to whom brandy had suggested self-destruction and who had rushed recklessly to death, but a girl in her sober .senses for whom life had proved ?too great a burden, and who, perhaps poor and without a friend to care for, had on that dark night coolly clenched her hands aud taken the spring which ended her troubles, as I believe, for ever. In fact, I firmly made up my mind tbat the case was not an ordinary one, and so, before giving the hat to the police man for production at the prospective in quest, I extracted from him a promise that, if no friends claimed it, it should be given to me. After finishing my work, I went home alone at three o'clock in the morning, wondering, as I passed the river, over which the moon, then just rising, cast a pale light, whether any mis fcrtune would ever overtake me great enough to make me commit suicide. CHAPTER V. All next day the river was dragged with out success, but when we visited the bridge late at night we were told that a body had been found and carried to the morgue. As was usual in such cases we went to see it. A long, low, white- washed building was that morgue, which, if it could have spoken, would have told of more horrors than all the hospitals and gaols in ^existence. We were familiar with it, and experienced no new sensation on entering it alone aft$r the city bad gone to sleep. Having obtained the key from the custo dial we proceeded by the uncertain light of matches to the room which contained ? the bodies. A solemn, fitting stillness pervaded the place — there was not a sound but the regular, unvarying drip of the water which was allowed to fall from pipes in the ceiling on to the corpses placed on the slabs beneath. Just as I reached , the door of the dead-room my light was extinguished, by a sudden gust of wind, which swept along the passage, but-not before I had caught sight of a ?? face so white that its owner could not | have been long dead. I didn't know why a dozen matches successively slipped . through niy fingers — why my heart throbbed as jf it would hpve burst, and a \- feeling came over me as if my own brother \- had beec lying on the stone. My com panion, who had gone back, reappeared j with a candle, and in the thousandth part of a second after the light had rested on the remains df the woman .those remains were revealed to us as ail that was mortal . of Hattie Deverell. . . There she lay with unclosed eyes, which looked even brighten; than in life-— with eyes which gave her marble features the animation which the statue lacks. Had a sculptor seen her lie would thenceforth not have asked his figures ' Why dost : thou not speak ?' but ' Why dost thou . not see V - Our very small j^iece of candle soon burned out, and we were about to leave, j Suddenly I heard an almost noiseless j footstep behind me, and turning round sjiw one who, at that hour and in that place, seemed for, the moment to have risen from the dead. It was my former fellow-lodger. Ivanoff, on entering, did not speak aud evinced no emotion. A few moments after he came in our light gave its last flicker. His eyes were riveted on the dead girl, and we began striking matches on the slab and holding them up in order that he might see her. He gazed at her face, we on his. At last my friend said, ' We have no more matches.'' Then it was that I first heard the voice of the .silent man — ' I thank you, gentlemen,' he ex claimed, in a low soft voice. We did not ask him whether he had known Hattie, but when my companion remarked that the inquest would be held in the morning, he enquired : — ' Are strangers admitted?' We told him that anyone who chose might be present'. He again thanked us, and remarked, as he turned to go, ' She has died too soon.' Could he have been thinking of Shake speare's words, ' She should have died hereafter !'. He bowed and walked away. We went in an opposite direction towards our offices, and though I attended at the inquest, at which a verdict of ' found drowned' was returned, I never saw or heard of him again until ? ? * * * * * * ? * | It was a dark wet night in June. I was standing alone on the railway platform j of an inland -city, waiting for the train j which was to convey me to Berrytown. I had bad a long ride in the rain, and was glad when an officer of police whom I knew camc up and invited me to his quarters, which were a short distance from the station. To while away the time I amused myself by looking over the official photograph album. The portraits of all prisoners are taken in gaol, and wjicn a notorious convict is liberated his likeness is supplied to the various police stations so as to facilitate his identification in the event of any further offences being committed by him. In the same way, dead bodies which are not at once identified are photographed and copies given to the district officers of police. Such albums are memorials of lives wasted in. crime, of desperate viliany and weak vice, of the deeds of men with low foreheads and square jaws, and of those with big intellects and receding chins. No one unncquainted with the gaols de voted to long-sentenced prisoners would ever have dreamed that men with such faces could be born. Those frightful dis torted visages staring from the cards are enough to make one draw back as though from chained bull-dogs. The unknown suicide whose shadow is before you, and whose shade may be hovering near, clenches in death the fingers from whose grasp the ^razor has been released. There is' the once fair woman whose hideous remains have been dragged from the river mud. No paint is on her now mutilated face ; the rich dress in which she died has faded like the rose on her cheek. As in her youth of crime, daylight dispelled the delusion of rouge and jewels, so now life's, evening had scattered to the wind the in fatuations of the morning. The lesson is, however, wasted. Few see it except those to whom it is familiar — and they laugh. As I.had seen some of the originals, I was interested rather than awed by their portraits. But there was one photograph which I did not glance over so lightly as the rest. It was that of a man who, my friend told me, had been killed in a street of the town by a cab — at least, it wafe pre sumed so, for he had been found lying almost dead one morning, with his- head terribly injured, evidently by a vehicle. He had been carried to the hospital, and had expired after lingering a day or two insensible. His eyes were closed, and he had been shaved so as better to allow of his wounds being dressed ; but in spite of his disfigurement I thought I knew his face. I made a remark to that effect, and my friend produced a small package contain articles found in the dead man's posses sion. r . - ? ^Vhen this was opened, I immediately recognised a seal ring which I had seen on Ivanoffs finger. There was an envelope bearing his name, and addressed from Russia to the General Post Office. There were also several photographs of officers taken in Austria and Italy, and an exquisitely finished portrait of Hattie, which seemed to be two or three years old, and was marked, 'Aout, 18— — Who the photographer was, did not appear. Without a doubt, the body was that of the silent man! who had not before been identified, and who had died as mys teriously as he had lived. Some months after I went to see his grave. He had been buried by the hospi tal undertaker, and was known in the official records merely as ' A 14 — sup- posed name, Ivanoff.' When or where he had met Hattie, and what were the relations between them, I do not know, and probably never shall as certain. The question is one in which I have idly interested myself, but if answered it might perhaps be the means of making someone rich. In a certain Australian bank lie many thousands of pounds, deposited ten years since, in a single sum, by ope Francois Mazar, who has never drawn on the money and is not now known. I have reasons for believing Mazar and Ivanoff to be identical, and may perhaps give them on another occa sion. If you ever visit Berrytown cemetery you may see Hattie's grave. A marble pedestal supports a garhiniere surmounted by a white cross, the emblem of her faith. But in the quiet corner where she lies are other tombs garnished with fresh flowers, the emblems of purity, which would fade sooner could they but know they had been paid for m the wages of sin. A little boy asked his mother if fisa were not thieves. She told him she guessed not, aud wanted to know why he asked the question, to which he re sponded; 'Weil, ma, I thought they must be, because it is so common to see a fish hook !' A gentleman of Ohio having a num ber of grown up daughters asks pay from the county, declaring that his residence has been used as a court house without pay quite long enough. A man who fell into a hole was con gratulated on the fact that he didn't fall against anything. ' But I did fall againat something,' he petulantly res ponded. ' What was it ?' asked a friend. ' Ifellagaiust my inclination,' he replied. 