TIMOTHY WARE, ESQ. Mit. TIUOTTXT WABE stood at bis garden gat« and looked down tbe road. ' You might have noticed bim, perhaps, BB yon poBsod along-a wrinklod, beemeyed, elderly man. Now elderliness, I take it, is farther off from the Bwoot ripeness and flavour of old age than yonth itself. To be elderly prasup Í«ses «oms thinness'of blood, some sort ol nexproBBibls poverty of natura, snob as thora Booms to be all about tbla region where T, Ware's boute is located-a ranga of long, law-lying, uneasy hillocks that could never settle themselves to anything; a sandy, incapable stretch of threadbare grass and stunted woodland. - 1 . It was not an'easy thing to imagine jnst that over tho south ridge lay a smiling and fruitful country, a . thrifty ' settlement ' of Quaker farmers, who ' held themselves, 'per- haps, a' little too much aloof irom this inhos- pitable neighbourhood. , ."." ' It was a chill. October afternoon; and the low slant rays of tbe setting sun looked furtively oat from a blue-black ridge of aloud over tbe'garden and, tbe garden's owner; There bad been a frost overnight, which bad wiped ont almost, every lingering vestige of Bummer-time. A few elderly beans dang shrinkingly to their poles in the bleak back- ' ground;' a scanty patoh of oom rustled its sere leaves- forlornly in the wind, with here and there a pumpkin ripening sparsely be- tween, and turniDg ont its yellow rotundity to the sun, as resolved to put tbe best face on things that was possible; while, tall and stark, a row. of sunflowers, flapping gauntly above the edge, overlooked the desolation. As old Ware, stood thora at his gate t and looked about bim, with bis faded red oap on his head and his lank dressing-gown clinging abont bim, be seemed verily a part of the , frost-bitten Beene,. illustrating it feebly, like, nn ill-cat fron tiepjeoe in a badly ; printed volume. Yet there .was a tradition that. he. bad on co npon a time been the chief figure in a great concern somewhere in town, and that in some forgotten period long ago tho old weather- beaten house had flaunted gaily in a new .coat of paint and bright green shutters, and was bright with new carpets nnd ourtaina to welcome a coming bride. But nil that was so far away now that people had forgotten the date, and could not reoall that they bad ever been interested in any, thing concerning old.Ware. Tin Ware, Esq., the boys called him-a nickname baaed, perhaps, <. on a floating legend of miser-made wealth stowed some- where away in the IOOBB clap-boarding of his tenement, or, perhaps intended briefly tb bear testimony to tho valao set upon him in tho community-Tin Ware, Esq., w.as. not a popular man among tho lads of the village. They bad. a persistent inclination to hoot bim, to gibe at bim, and to torment his lean, ill-tempered dog, which followed his master everywhere with a snarling and objectionable faithfulness. Tho boys, considering all these things, felt themselves eulled upon to vindi- cate the claims of justice by robbing old Ware's Qrohard and breaking into bia melon patoh. Things in this way were brought to a sort of balance. I myself saw one day,'as I passed bis fence, a huge .charcoal placard, reading thus: B. Ware of the DAWG, And many a bare-legged youngster, I have' no doubt, bid eniokering in the hedge at the sight' of old Ware slowly deciphering the scrawl in wrathful spectacles. But very fow besides the boys ever troubled the'old-man with attentions, either for good or ill. He seemed to have Blinped from the mind of both men and fate-an elderly, shrivelled old figure whom Time had forgot- ten to dignify with grey hair. He looked up and down the road keenly with his frosty blue eye, not as a man who expected anything or anybody, but simply beoauso it waa. his habit to look sharply. And yet as this north-easterly [dance swept the road, there came along it something far from unpleasant to look'upon-a grey figure .in a Quaker bonnet. There would have been, a smile of welcome in almost anybody's eye as tbe plump quiet Quaker face of Bebeeoa Rhodes approaohed, but not a spark kindled in old Ware's flinty grey orbs. < Rebecoa's well-kept- acree lay jnst beyond him, over tbs south ridge, and all about her farm-house was trim and tidy, clean and wholesome, as Bebeeoa herself. It must .have been the love of contrast that- bro ght her in rango, of Timothy's dilapidated surroundings ; but of all living things in .the village Bebeoca alone bad a good word for him, and stopped of an odd afternoon now and then to wish him good-day over the gate. . ' . . . . " I have brought thee a loaf of sweet bread, - neighbour," said she. " I'd an uncommon good baking this week, and I thought thee might not take it amies to try a loaf." She held forth in her white plump band a snow white napkin, opening ita folds temptingly as she did so. ? .'I'm wanting "naught," was tbe'grnff reply. . " Week-old bread's good enough for me, and I make no doubt it might be far better for some other folk than the dainty traBh they're set upon-women-folk least- ways." " ?-: ' - The blood came into Rebecoa's calm face, but there .was no vexation in bor answer. "Thoo'd never set aside an old friend like that, neighbour," she said. ' "Nay, nay; I recommend thee try the. loaf. It's spoken well'of, is my sweet bread, the country round. Thee will not shorten thy days much by just one trial, and if thee likes it. not, I'll never troublo thee again." . . . Sven the imperturbable face of old Ware shows a slight smile at this mingling of acerbity and sweetness, but he makes-no demonstration. ( ??? . i-? " I'm on my way to see old' Betsey," soy's Bebeeoa, quietly extending ber band'and placing the loaf on the gate post, "" She's one of the town poor-or rather one of the Lord's poor, I think, for she doesn't belong to this township. Poor old Betsey 1" One might have imagined that old Ware gave a sort of start jnst now, as if an invisi- ble eleotrio shook had struok bim. Ho was not. used to hearing sympathetic talk of any kind. It tried his nerves, probably. " Ono of the wretched vagrants that aie pauperising' tbe community, wandering hither and yon," growled Timothy. " Ay, ay, neighbour," says Bebeoca, softly and wistfully ; "a bard timo they have of it, poor things 1 And this many a year has she been a wanderer and a vaga- bond on tbefaoe of tbe earth, has poor old Betsey." She takes the white-covered loaf i absently with her large shapely hand, looks np and down the road with thoughtful grey i eye, sighs softly, and goes her way, leaving loaf and napkin capping the gate-post. And . there you might have seen it at night-lall, 1 and long after night-fall, if you bad ohanoed that way ; for hadn't Timothy told the ¡ woman he didn't want it? And was he the man to demean himself by removing it after that ? And yonr Bpeoalating on the singular s bornness of the human heart wonld not . have been lessened had you caught sight of him, by the flickering candió in bis upper , window, sitting thero motionless, with an eye on the gate below. Perhaps ho expected Rebecca book after her gift. I do not know. "She's one of tho town poor, is old Betsoy," said Bebeeoa, meekly, and said it meekly year aftor year, striving to allure the vagrant old woman into fooling at homo on tho charity list of the good towns-folk, and to rest her, oohing old bones in tba town poor-houBO. But old Botsoy was not to bo trappod. If ono must be poor and ragged, at least let one have plenty of fresh-air leisure, Bays old Botsoy. To bo a pauper and a drudge both is a little too muoh. And to bo proaohed to and prayed over and hedged in right and loft, and to sorub work-honso floors aud soour work-bouse knives, all for 'a bit of bread-bab I that is all unbearable, says old Boisey, shrugging her bony shoulders under hor ragged shawl, and setting out warily on hor everlasting tramp. Sho is an Incorrigible vagrant, utterly irreblalmablo. Perhaps Kobe oas, thinks a Imlf-tlodgod \----T^T thought like this when she finds Ser pjey hos esosped her and is fairly on the road ' again, j On the - road again, untamable, ragged, , .hungry and free. She walks at a rapid, unoven paoe, her thin shawl flattering in the wind, her J untidy slippers flapping at hex heels;' It grows dusk as she steals along; the road ia dreary .with olond and sb*r>w, . .and with a mooking moon that gleamt^jut ? now and then, dodging vioionsly after luis , grey old ghost of a woman flitting below. lhere is a white object there ahead of ht>r-; something tall and queer, with a round whits .: head. The vagrant swerves a minuta ont of her . way, surveying it furtively. Then she . pats forth her claw-like hand and clutches greedily Bebeoca.'a sweet, dainty loaf. ;):. , , ? Aha! what a good providence is here I Ah I oan it be that fate should come, for, once in a way, with sweetness and luxury in her hand for an old pauper, : and night and - . darkness to devour it in I . Bewildered with. pleasure, old Betsey hugs - the dainty 'under : her faded shawl. . .. . 1 There is a crash then, as if * the heavens . were falling ; a shout that cnrdles her thievish blood ; a rongh hand is laid upon ; her with vyoe-like grasp. : Law and justice seem to have oome down bodily upon the: marauder ; bat it.is only old Ware, who has. been watohing from his window. HÍB hand - is raised to strike the thief-tho thief with ' vagrant and vagabond written all over her;, in her valpine eyes, her long bine nose, her ¿ Bkiuny, olaw-like hand. The woman shrinks back, cowering against the gate post,,with' a, wheezy oough ; the old shawl falls away from her face. Out ooines the moon, and sails, along with a sinister ray pointing right down on the shivering, crouching figure and on the, countenance that. for one instant upturns toward the assailant. '. . " My God I" cries Timothy. And that is all. His hand falls at his side, he turns and walks back to the bongo,, leaving the wrotoh, to her plunder. i The wretch is a mere animal, after all^-a hunted animal, it is true, with all the greed and canning pf snob.. She makes her way . somewhere with her prize-it doesn't mnoh matter where.. Bat there.comes up a storm.; ' .at midnight, a blinding, blood- ohilling storm,' that might make the veriest tramp thankful for shelter. Old Ware, sitting motionless in his upper chamber, hears the raf tars shake .overhead. He listens : perhaps he is afraid the old boase will come down o.ver his head. The wind raves and shrieks about window and doorway. He gets up by-and-bye, and lifting the dripping sash, looks ont into the road. He sees nothing ; no boys will rob bis melon patoh to-night, and no beggar oome whining to his gate. Afar oil, where tho road obróles toward the south land, old Betsey has crawled into the shelter of. a wayside barn. No, there is nothing, to be seen anywhere about. Timothy shuts the window with a shudder, and crawls to bed. A kweek after this, Bebecoa, ' sweet and tintless as a snow-drop, stops at the gate once' more. , '." Old Betsey, my ppor old vagrant, left us last night, neighbour," she says. "The blankets and pillows thee sent were a very great oharity, but she needeth our oharity no .more.-' ; ' '" No more ?" repeated old Ware, vaoantly. '" She died last night," answers Rebecca, and her lip trembles a little! There is no reply. Bebeooa does - not break the long, long pause. She. is used J^fv the old man's.moods. Finally .she sets face to tho'road again ; it is getting late. '-' . " Bebeooi," says the old man,-abruptly, . plaoing his bony hand upon hers-" Robeooa, you-yoa needn't, pat her in Potter's Field. . She mightn't xeBt easy, you know." - - ', " I have'nb snob superstitions, friend;" said Bobecaa, smiling sweetly. "It can make very little difference to hbr now where she rests, poor nameless wanderer;" .'She had a name onoe," says.Timothy; standing erect, with a strange flash on hi» face. "A bright'and beautiful woman onoe was my wife, Elizabeth Ware." --? ''".' A long and weary winter has passed ; svj, summer has brightened ; and faded; th"]-, autumn twilight is 'settling softly on bloonEW and barrenness, as old Ware stands at hi»'' gate onoe more, looking down the road. In his hand is '.something wrapped in ;white, whioh he seta'upon the gate post aB a grey clad;, graceful figure cornea walking up the road. ?-!'./ :,-.- :.? " Rebeoca," he says, " I . return . your napkin." . , - , "Nay," says Bebecos, recognising, her own initials-" nay, friend, I haye an abun- dance--'.' .....>.;. 7. .;.', . . . . V "Open it," interrupts the old. man, abruptly.. The gentle Quakeress-is used to ' humouring his moods, and as she unties.the linen, a- diamond ring rolla glittering , out upon its edgo. There is-a bax of shining trinkets within, and a small gold watoh. r 1 " They were all- hers onoe, in the old times," says old Ware, huskily, " before she left me. - Yon may keep 'em for her . sake, an' ye will." Ho ponseB ; there, is no an- . sworing-'movement from Itsbucoa. ; "Or,'' he adds, with irritation and sadden energy, "I'll -jost.heave 'em overboard when l quit here for good and all. Yes,.I'll quit'here for good and all; I never, had no home nor no friends-she Bpoiled aU that-and I may aa well finish it out that a-way." . .. ' Rebecca clears her - throat. ? " It has long; been borne in upon me, Friend Timothy," Bhe says, in a high, constrained voico, as ono who delivers a difficult message-"it has long been borne in upon my mind th at theo is living too mitch alone. ' There is none to look af ter thee, or fix thee up a bit comfort- able for the winter; andi have hada clear leading from the Lord which I have suffered hitherto to be hidden -nv my heart-it'-is that I bhould offer thee a homo with me. Neighbour Timothy, if so be it seems good in thy sight." . ' ''': "A- homel" said Timothy, looking up queryingly at his weather-beaten old man- sion. " As how, Ribecca?" ' '/ '"'? As how, Rebecca ? There was a group of small boys hidden just below the hedge, in the opening whore the great apple-tree dropped its fruitage on Cither Bide the rails. Tom and Jim and Dick were there, bare- legged, and sly as weasels. Of course the apples belonged to them on (hat side tba fence; but then night was the safest time , for getting them. There waa no withstand- 1' ing the logic of old Ware's dog by any argument of justice and fair play. The N twilight had quito faded now, a polo moon Bhone in tho heavens, and there at tho gate stood Rebecca, with her hand in Timothy's. "Whist, fellows 1 whist! yo needn't to run," crios Tom. " S/MJ'I gbin'to have him for her ole man. Bully for her! She'll never sot tho dawg onto a feller." ?1 r - And with full pockets and beating hearts the youngsters file'off past old Ware's very gato. Tom gives a loud whistle when the feat is aohievod, and Btands a moment looking back with an oyo of approval. " I know it all along back," says Tom, oracularly-" oourse I did ; didn't I ' see , ole Tin Wara looking, down that 'ero road timo an' agin arter her ? Why, she could swecton a crab-applo, sho could 1" And I think that sho did, for th« boys of tho village hud u gruud dinner ono day, nt whian. Mr. Waro and his Quaker bride walked down among them, smiling- right and left, nnd Tom and Dick nedda I know- ingly to each other and said, " I told yon so," 