CONCERT AT GUNNING. un r riaay lass cue xass Amateur Minstrels gave a most successful concert in Mr. Bean's "Prince of Wales " concert room, Gunning. The pro ceeds. which amonnted to about £20. wsrn in hn devoted to the requirements of the Roman Catholic Church. The weather was very wintry, and the showers of piercing hail, which fell et intervale throughout the evening, foreboded badly for tho night'a attendance. Notwith standing the inclemenoy of the weather, how ever, a pretty large crowd mustered at the door at the hour advertised for admissioo. Tiokets were rapidly disposed of until the spaoious concert room was crowded. At eight o'olock the curtain was raised, and the minstrels, seeing a large and appreciative audience, began to dis pose of their taBk with a good will. Tho attractive programme, which had been placarded for a few days previously, was very ebly % acquitted and each song was deservedly encored. Songs from local amateurs were very effectively interspersed with the programme. MissKelleher sang "Good bye at the door;" Miss James sang "Give me those early flowers;" and Miss McLeod sang " Sour Kraut ; " all three receiving well-merited encores, and responding suitably. Mrs. McLnod presided at the piano, and her musical abilities enraptured the audience. Mies James also played a solo on the piano, "Home, Sweet Homo." The grund piece of the evening, which " brought down the honse," wee tho Bide- splitting farce, entitled the "Ghost in tho Pawnshop," which was admirably performed. We muBt not omit to add that not the least part of the performance was a clarionet solo by Mr. KearnB. This brought a most Buacossful enter tainment to acloso. Before the people dispersed, the Rev. Father Carr stepped on the platform, and thanked the audience for their kind attend ance and respectful behaviour, end congratulated them for having such a pleasant evening to repay them for the difficulties they mnst have on- countered in braving the storm, which he thought should have kept them all at home. More than once it was noticed that some of the audience were bo pleased that they returned home for their more tender friends whom tho cold detained. Perfect deoorum was observed, throughout, except now and again at the mora ridiculous parts, when the rooBt dignified lost their gravity, Bnd laughed as immoderately as thoir less self-possessed neighbours. Larrikin- ism forms an ingredient in every community, ond at public entertainments, to whioh all havo access who possess themselves of tickets, they often creep in unobserved, and soon make theraselvoB disagreeable ; bat if the good order observed on Friday night bo our criterion for estimating the number of larrikins in Gunning, we must conclude that they are es scarce as bleckfellowB. Mr. Bean gave bis splendid, oonoert room gratuitously ; the Yass Amatenr Minstrels gave their services gratuitously ; Mr, Dodds, of the Commercial Hotel, kindly con- veyod them to and from the station gratuitously ; and the railway traffic manager allowed them to travel at single fare for the double jonrnoy. This shows the good will of the people to oo« , operate in farthering any good and useful, projeot. Ws may mention the rumour that the Yass Minstrels are likely to be invited by Mr. Bean to give a benefit to liquidate tha expenses of his newly- erected concert room. This shows the favourable impression the minstrels have mode by their first appearance in Gunning. 