CATHOLIC. (From the Southern Argus.) ' The following letter— with tho accompanying account of Mission Fund for 1377, and tho Lenten Regulations for 1S78 — has been for- I warded by the bishop of Goulhurn to all the wiergj ill iLiio uiuuusu — Gonlbn n February 25, 1S7S. Rev. Dear Sir,— Only a fow days ago I asked i " you to pray for tho eternal reposa of the soul of 1 Pope Pius IX. His labours and his life were \- such as to give everyone reason to think that 7 his lot was amongst the elect of God, end tin t \-- prayers for him wore unnecessary. But as his position and the privileges by divine institution . assured to the Papacy do not exempt even tl e Pope from the trialB to which human nature iB ,, subject and the responsibilities of his high office, " was our duty to pray for him, as tbo Church C directs. In tho first Epistle to Corinthians, j c. 9, v. 2", St. Paul says: "I chastise my body and bring it into subjection, lest perhaps whilst I have preached to others 1 myself may become a castaway." If St. Paul spoke sueh words, as bo did, Pius tho Ninth might use tbo samo and apply them to himself, and so we discharged a duty in praying for him. I have now to announce to you another great foot. "Tbou art Peter, and on this rock I will build My Church," are divine words, showing :the wondorful power of God. He built His Church on Peter as the rock, and Petor, in his successors, continues to be the rock on which tho Church is built. Poter died— another took his place. Pius the Ninth dies — another takes his place. After tho manner sanctioned in the Church, and securing for the Church a legitimate successor to tho groat Pope Pius the Ninth, we learn tbnt Cardinal Pecci is Pope, under the title of Leo the Thirteenth. For years past many have beon saying that the end of the Papacy had come. Pius was robbed of the Pope's patrimouy, but he was not robbed of tho power God gave him to govern the Church of God. Loo XIII. sueoeeds, for God has said of His Church founded on Peter, "The gates of hell shall not prevail against it." As Popo he inherits (by divine institution) singular powers — singular privileges. Of these tho world can not deprive him. The Pope may be despoiled of his possession— he may be persecuted— he may be martyred— but he will continue to keep tho Catholic Churoh in possession of the one un altered revealed doctrine. For the Church he will bo the infallible judge in maters of faith, and of moralB, when he speaks to the Universal Church, for he iB the Rock, and his office is to confirm his brethren, AVIiilst elevated to such a position, be still remains subject to the trials incidental to hamau nature. We, then, as children of the Church, are bound to pray fot him, that God may make him worthy of his elevated position. .Ask then the poople to join with you, after mass, for the next throe Sundays, in reciting tho hymn, "Come, Holy Ghost," &c.;, praying that God may illumine Iiis Yioar, for his own Banotilicntion, and for the glory of His Church. Also say at mass the collect "Pro Popo," until otherwise instructed. Yours faithfully, \+ Wm. Lakigan. 7 THE MISSION FUND OF 1877. „ To meet the expenses for the education of s priests for the dioceBo, and for their pussage, I s have proposed an annual colleotion each year ou the first Sunday in Lent. It iB gratifying to seo f tho priests in the diocese at present three timeB the number they wore Bevon years ago, and to be able to say that the generous contributions each year have been nearly sufficient to meet all expenses. At prosent the dioceso is fairly supplied ; but to keep up the number, and to increase it with the increasing number of our people, the mode of providing established cannot be discontinued. The old country, which may be Btiid to have formed our congregations, to have built our cburchos, to have supported our schools, muBt still be looked to for our priests. The faith no donbt is strong there, and parents , are proud to see their son show a vocation to the < priesthood. Still they are rarely willing to incur all expenses when he devotes himself to the foreign missions. It then becomes necessary for tho foreign bishops to pay a part, and hence the necessity for this collection. A few months ago two young priests arrived from Ireland, and at 1 pnosent ten students are in Irish Colleges pro- psring for this dioeese. Sums received last year bib : — Goulburn City £22 0 0 Taralga 6 15 0 Grabbon Gullen 6 S 6 Laggan 2 12 6 Breadalbane 5 6 0 Collector & Spring Valloy 4 18 0 Bungonia 2 3 0 Mhrulan 1 19 0 Boro 1 14 6 oGonlburn City and District ? £53 16 6 Albury District 46 0 0 Burrowo 20 0 0 Yass 19 0 0 "Wagga Woggs 15 7 0 Tumut 10 0 0 Loniliquiu 12 13 0 Gundagai 10 0 0 ' LENTEN REGULATIONS FOR 1378. At difforent periods, and under different circumstances, the rigour of the laws of fasting have boon modified. In virtue of powers received from the Holy See, the following are the regulations in this diocese for the present Lent; — The general law of tho Churoh, which ordains abstinence from flesh meat during theontire Lent, is so far dispensed with that the faith ful are allowed to use it on Sundays, Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Satur- dayB, except Ember Saturday and the Saturday oi Holy Week. On all days, except Sundays, the permission to use flesh meat is for dinner only. DntfeRting days a collation may bo taken in the morning and evening. At the morning collation a small quantity of milk and also of bntter may be used. Eggs, cheese, and batter are allowed on all days at dinner, oxoept Ash Weduosday and Good Friday. In iiou of battor, lard or dripping is per mitted at dinner, except on Ash Wednesday and all Fridays. Tho period during which tho Paschal duty of Annual Confession and Communion is to be fulfilled, begins on the first Sunday of Lent and ends on Trinity Sunday in clusive. 'HTe<earoestly entreat all the faithful to be prosent -each day during Lent at the Holy Sacrifice of the Moss, if they have the opportunity. We recommend masters of families and parents to assemble each day their house hold or children for prayer and spiritual instruction. A part of the Rosary, or the Psalter oi Jesus and Litany, may be recited on those occasions in addition to the ordinary prayers. Dorsons engaged in laborious occupations, in delicate health, or so circumstanced that fasting wonld be injurious to them, are not Btrictly bound to fast ; but all shou'd do a little to mark this time of general penance. Jn all cases of doubt, recourse for dispensa tion must bo had to the priest. When by reason of distance or of other serious obstacle, application to the priest cannot be made, each one will decide in his own case according to the dictates of conscience. \+ WILLIAM, Bishop of Goulburn, Bishop's House, Goulburn, February 21st, 1878. 7 P.S.— Let the clergy read and explain this letter to their congregations, and make arrange ments with them for the collection. Let the sum collected he seqto the Yioar-General within .jgii ireekff 