BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. (From the Goulburn Herald.) TiS ainuall ineeting of tio' Goulburn auxiliary of tho above society was hold in the hall :of the mechanics' institute on Tuesday evening. The President, Mr. Davies M.P., occupied the chair, and on the platform were the Roev. J. T. Evans, deputation from tihe parent society; tihe Bishop of -Goulburn, the Vencrable, Archdeacon Puddicomino , .the Rov. Canon Soares, lov. . . May, 11ev. W. Olarko, and Messrs. Goldsmith (secretary), Caldwell, and Conolly. The attendance was small. The proceedings wore opened by singing a hymcn, Mfr. Haymtoro presiding at the larmonilln '; the Rev. Canon Soares thou read the 19th Psalm ;' nd the Rev. W. May ofllred up prayer.. The helion. sociretary of tile auxiliary, Mr. Goldsmith, 'hen read the report as follows : TIE ANNUAL LIrEPoir 'OP T'HE l(OULIURN AUXILA.iiY OF TIl BDITISlr AND FoOEI(IN IfInLE SOCIETY, 1877. In reviewing- tile work of y his anxilary ?f tle British acllt Foreign Bible Society, your commnitteo cannot blt fool that 'thero Is very great cameO for gratitltud to tile Sourco of ilw al dsLoLL Isti goolaoss for tihe anlut of sccl esoo which ihrt followed evor'y on orPt forth to extendi. tlie cofdlt llc s ani purposes olt th isf societey in tihe sonatli-wetcil irohevlloe of N. S. W is . . " During the year 1877 your cs ettuite':c ihac; u:cl'avoerodr to olnltoe t hile rrallgelnlls of tnheir pl crodouesslrs,especiiy the r'esolutions oftile uoenuittic of 18741, wriJu It was dcwhcled, to pdi in brancO ill Yi oI ingce U Oi l;c, YiosI, Q:teleuoycfcl Ti raibe ll, marll Ilcdwiood. In all theseo Iploc your comuitttoc'ta haipj-py to sy blralchles hiave bees establisheId uilcornci ofliiost staT of Oiocers who ihvo "Icoboce t moutsec,?fiil slf: 'tilcictigrtot 'ynl Pathires anild ctivO c-oprat iot of thie ladies. To tills fanturoof thie organization hcitd practical doveiopnclt, of the .I. ndof1 11. Society your coirc itiee illct gils a more than passing notice, lor to the ipcy-oepllnctors alouu, ras workea s they. aroitultitd.lfor tils i acsi of pioresentigc to yonell a theoy Iloe will bo 00co sideretl by tills netcittlg t year's f1cr work. i .;'? l .:? ;?r I -AN to b s of thi s u t xiliry perform ai very ihportact work both In dstcrlbeahti, te sorip:urst 'aucdltcllue.tlccfIrs tho parl syociety your conullttee hale thought it nlosirablo thact ail .s houhld be toma~o outnhets with tile lsotory filf tli" pstablilh' snlut'aud bporatleils. Theo first established branchl is Ynss.-ront tile excelloet atl energetic ssecotacryi the' ,r. V. It. ?l rringtor, your romllitteo ]ava reeeio-ud a least on eounocn8eg report ;p: their last public Incting.!. 4 .4£13 1/i, free elctrlbctions, live beos roilittcl to. yone l nmr coiItt from this oerlorihing bracnch, cicd -8 .16/-on 1 acounat: otf; saelels.f'cblb0i, 'e; Thlcy lht tthis iseak for ittocf, anct pass oc to . STanlgiag .--ro .tis br i 'rn yolr oommitco havofio'o?elvsd £10 hfe ontrlitiitlion sto rco ptiroct society. This samonct han b1n alos collctoiiby th'clruios of Taralga, 'who. havO i, isnoet1ll ditlultlds'to ciioc?ilc' wl?h hii re?lehlcig tho pioioes of this wledol.osenttrcd POlRuntiotIi o u ! c;i .e.'.i-, i . ' ci . 10 i Tongi hbr placeid hself hin a ufilhti wIth Syedny ; yot your coclncittee ieloleu to sa- thint the goodwerork bgibth thro :byi : the Roe. .J, ii. Pidtingto, elpoicttalIbi l frccm'tlil- biraceli Ic. 1874, Is your.eommltteo to ca k thlefrioetdi jof tI ?Bi iblo Sioletyst it thls plaec to johu thior lntcrists wlth' thlos 'of tlio"''h clbrc ca1lxlli ar ; stcd accordinguly ita urrs'cnoudotico ' w?'iajecoeleel withb tiec liev. J. r1. ?aitro, whlcl cusrtud 'tli ht the' cppeolticnuclt 1 of00 . .deputatlon to eicrosolt thlisaexilinry at ttOplblihe Imetilg audito mnko tle ncceessry arrmtigciomth s.t The prsidsantr c . 'Davieos Esq., kinvdlycuncedrtook tle r peifornanoo of this :duty, snd.c the result of hil.visit has beoon to fIrlcn y?or Qeeoallbynl fricudl ilto:eOlcc tloclt'wiyh thn:1 'acluclltre, itlll i to hl t itor? It?s.4t do irve occtrlieolles to ,tlo p5t1 soclty rtlhu lu I f t0.' `. t "'Ohiucn lc.--?A'ccerr;ospocleuas Wae epocco.l withfi 'this loncdlig ment of Gnuelio rolatnlv to the oetabllh~eusl: of a brae'i ofs thcd Gonul brue auxliary Ic that plaue. This al uvoctunnacl in theo 'ipohltconitof' ci loputction to oegaeem s tin banr a it an to asoist your frienics thers mt a icciubieou etlctin.. 1s'h'otaputlatioc eolicusitcl of thu ViAci ilrsdeoca Ptddlteutles soill the pesvcfito wlso wrsr sescosfIcl Ia thoirci islsu. f fFrom'this IeccIcefasyour cocllc ittee have ronnivced t.1 li /6tioe contributhons to .the parelit soeilty iandi £4 /5 fioLln. sales lblof . o . cie . S'.hIluihvcoid.-lYor cnnieintt eih av.lltnot b bluice1o a Syetc to fidrman brinlch il tills plaon; ,t hope through tile asistllce of the. clergy 'nld; otlir Ohristian canon of the district to' do'ei n icrilcg 1878 i.. . s - , I' it comhig eome'tb:rocvlc tiher o0iciufcesrt.i, your conimitte feel that t tly hIav ilotsdolo so nallch.n, they might have! dions itlin a cityilke Ciolbuern thiepop iatcou Is ant so 0 sptio ca'y ts' cll Ith coclctry:' 'i?'ico'seve:rcci l 'lhange: line 'talein 'pclaeo which Ihvo reftarctd ie ssttocsshfllworkihcg of ycar eomoulttos's plare fotr tlie eiuiieasuicn. of thei lt 1 for couultrlbutiocs ..?Atinong tics reiovalc referred to has boon t Can t of thc' late sertacery, Mr. ncsby, who was a host In hlimseolf, astll ho lcad mapped out tho city int'cl'eleoting districts hud sofereld te ]oearty co- operatlon of tie most ilaenthitll ladlos of all tile l rotestalut ehuorels ,of aolloirci anld it is to t hose your o0lctnitto giveo and tondor Iheir a qualifiod thaIkci r fofc the suCeos e'whflilf 'hae nakoi' tro , operations of1 th society in thislfty.. '. "Tis eolmr.iitteco have alslo to Informi the sui?crilber 'thict't ii dlition tolth anrrugemoontsl thus perfoetod :aud brought I.lto actlet oleratiol, thly liaro boon requestec to force a btaetch at loaibla:"':To this' thioy'hicvoe 'aecedlci poll Ith eondiltlon tlihat tic report of. tie ov. J. F. Evansi , agyoent for tihe pacent sooeety, fo'fasvoc?cbl"o; TIcsy eVojild take it u?tseitgea of' ths pclilic oppcor tunity of most cordially woleomngic tlflteov..T. T. Evaccsc to' this eololly, nltli of. greeoting hin ail thie represeinttiv uof tho venolr slo paront 'socIety; wnlcss 'homo Isc'. l1"tiO flnt'lf 6'blbeh?, ,l, t whloso volta has golloocet cite, all the tceartl'tl'd is ,ltonnlrln nalniist overy toncoesof the Ihumanc ruace. Ictt1co lelulsOte, yiaer coinmltcuo' wouldl pray thih telIho'acrod word i.ayi ]avo irgo o:e c reen s ,s d3 'loeirltl until tpesac sad hap- hnares, trnl:h and-njctio, religioll unit pieoty Ishall be oitabllshed in the earth. In the absence of the treasurer. Mr. Betts, Mr. Goldsmith also read the following balance-sheet:— THE TREASURER IN ACCOUNT WITH THE GOULBURN AUXILIARY OF THE BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. 1877 DR. £ s. d. Feb. 28—To balance in hand at last meeting ... 81 15 4 : "- ' , coloetions,'viz., Miss Farquhar ....::, 1 6'0 Ilss Nomboy .........: 88 Mr's. DNvels....... ....: ," "I6 Mi:' " ; II8ssYotu'gmu .c....... 4 , 0, " : lLs.Caldwell. ........ 7 0 0i Iiss G(iUcri1............ i 19 0 Slirs. Dcnts ............ 5 9 6 M.s. iaters .......... 0 1 4 _:? ,,; ; ', ', Ladieos at Taralsa...... 10 .0 '~hes aic ltt l rhcii hnefccticg ..... .0 7 prteYaebnLueh plrchaose a?ounlt ...: 8 i 0 " ' Quoccanbeya''brauclc, fres contrbutioi.... 7 10 0 ~Yo il Ichroanch, ho contribution ... ... 1 14 0. ... iu-gbc .. . . . ..:t rae fi. . :... :+ .1.11 ` • ??.~n j,~l:H dol, biof lels'fche......l.?-I. , 4.B / [ . St. 'icholas' 'Sulnday-aclhool, Goulbuni , ifre eontribultion ;;.: ............ 1 11 10 ] Sdooatlion, F. I. L. oes ............... . 1 0 0 Thomas Daniel 1'.1 . 0 £220 5 6 1877 CR. £ s. d. ifar:'I-?-y remittances to Sydce'y nsxilidf?:'. ..': ?18 18 6 ~ epenses, c?Otcoo alid stltloner? .... .... 1 h G i 'iy. u1. W13ily ....01ý..........0. 1'o t, U cA$ er tiof cicoheoiloccs coiclllttto 0 c' . roosls ..o..... 0 G ,1 "lanll'audil Gray, prlntig.".g 1 :7 , 0 t oescretlay, lostngaos nud station ' 1 e ',.'...; . ....... ... 1 0 0 fhcoms Daui col, advortiseoents 1 0 0 n Fowle', cartage .-............. 0 0 0 Srces grant toparsnt society ............... )? 0 0 ':7, " s1is', rnliitttccie oi puorciaso account' .::....": 100 0 01 o bhalaces ' ' ':.; 42 10 7 The Chairman said that the report was doubtless to a very large extent a satisfactory one. He cordially endorsetd every word in it with referenlce to their dear friends tiho ladies. Their efforts in tle catuso of this society: aind' all otlher hinuman efforts were largely dllelpnldoit on the kindnless of the ladies ; latid be tlouisitlitwas but a poor compnilinect to piy tylce icdics wilo hiad. given so much time atd attectiocc to t tCiiouliciiess0of the auxiliary 'that they shotuld hcCavea dsot'sadll an aidicinc to lcar tho repori t of theoir loings road. Ho Iat) i becic cndleavoric,, dcuring the 1y1'.tt find '0om011 roasoic for ticO wmtit of ctrdlictl oynuis'fliy 'wc'lliehl rather st'trueck olo ia comlucexio u with tlccir atusiliary of tlie rlitisli anuci Foreign1 lilcle Society. It 'c-as lirt, he cwito scnlle, ov'illg to lce peIcpld t;f (loutcbiuri ot s tuiovic ,, iic 'thic i I, ible. thcit 11t1c fcolcnr'grations of our olturcIltcsca itu GoolhIttni c ecS,.c hl', freiuet lds errir, ctcd tllctt they really dclii I15'iioV iiu tlie biicle. Ho wished tic Ice its co:si,'tc,,rittc, as he 'oulil ll tlce want of hcelpc that they rcerivedl ultitlstancditifig.that hce ftclt assuired tlcucre w;a: in et thcir conlgreghtions a deccp-scettteil recrt'nc'ccco fur tutt u Inlief in thle bible ; acid Ihc put it tll tiy hlud sic firm a belief, in tile power of the bible thact ti!cy were Content ton letit dito everyth'ig, to let it aLOIce to .ork its owi 'ac . Sonice pierblcc wcould coutloider it say it was so true, so. attractive, that unaided by Ihumaueffor -it-.ouldfinnd its way to over'y ho:nm ani ,to eve-ry' :ldt~t He believed hiniself th:.t it wonld f inaliti way" to overy heart; but that it mighti t do so it l mustlirst bl broughlt within roach; and the fact--that it: would thus affect the heart was the ;greter reason why every Christian man and woman heluhtl endeavor to help to spread it abroad. Thos u who. would .not assist in disseminating the bible alight not interfere with the ultimaio success of Goud's word; but neverthel'sss they wcro somewhat retardbng the speedy progress of the work they all had at heart. Whilst they should not chorish less conllilenic nor seek to disparage the power of the bible, it was good advice to ask all to try so to dis- t sonsinate it as if everything depended, oi their t eoforts. Look at the committce of the parent I society. The -committee believed as thosi amongst 1 us belicved. ,but they did not rest in that belief 1 They exerted themselves as if everything depended I in their own tifforts. They might say somowhiat s t the poet said of the brook "man mitly come anid man rayv go, but we go 'oi for over." The efforts of the l committee wero concentrated for ever on one divine t work. Their great object was to spend as much as t they could, and to send abroad as many copies as 1 Z. they -could of God's word. .They were actuated by theo' most ilitiring zeal to spreaod copies wherever of openigs' could be found for thoem. Every change in io the political world that promised an opening was to seized upon and made available for thie increased r, distribution of the scriptures. And the conlnittee d, did not merely take hold of opportunities as of they arose, but they often found themnselves o, in advance of them. For instance in Spain not r. only did the Bible Society take advantage of , any opportunity for introdncing the scriptures, but long ago they land attempted to do so. So it , was hi other countries. Even before chief dilliculties to were removed it was often found tllht in some way l they had found the means of introducing copies of tihe scriptures. It should be remelmbered that the I Bible Society was doing work which in many direc tions could not be done by missionaries. For Silstance, missionaries were not allowed inll ussia. andi thle oirdinances of the Protestant church were a e not pormitted. But the Bible Society lhad got scores Sof'thousaiids of copies distributed amongst the Ru.i sian soldiers andl Turkish prisoners. Now here they wore not acting up to the example and practice of the parent society. They got a branch establislhnent here Srand a brauclh thre ;and when tihey, had thirs3 or four t they thought they had done a great deal; but there awas scarcely a place whore, if not a bra:ch at least Sthe nucleus of a branch, nmight not be formied and tlieskdriptared nore0 laigoly disitributed inl its 'noigli t bourhood.:: Thoir sending a free grant of £50 to the 1 parcut.,sopicetyand remitting :1100, o.o;'purlhase r account was scarcely consistent with tlieir profes niens scidr adqjuisate to'the 'vide extoen ovr?r which their'operationsishould extend. HOe should like to o gqt.~onDU of thatR.pasioon for biblo-distribution uand I somein of that wisdoim inl managomeient the parent s- ociety was imbbuel with" 'IIe should like to knlooiw whlytheolBibl" Society.was "so popular. nl iEngland, iui.ild whyliyitli the utmost OnlldavouLrs put forth ,they Sousier alwv.?ys.crowned. with siuc.s.s Tihero was no I e M Aiuvtieii i hioy 1 had"not'blieen acessiftil;id from the commencemeont thero.wasa:Harcoly va ryear whici,li id noptshow an itdrjoueco on thlloyear before iid iho e'c?xctod that the nucxt,r iprt to haiid would slihow iiiaer s'lt`'i?d uceiss '6vor :tli'oyoar' goiio iby! Shiouldinot,,tlheyitntu rn tryto milco, some advance on what theyhad don. in, the past ? .?Ticre .ws, as Stiuo e whlien tley sainitained a colportou;, I.nt,/thl foiiild tlio?,i wered ory' feo?lii'0s10 in thbso 'disiticts that Yed. lot 'subplicd with a libible, o his .servicos, oauscil.,?it,.1 tlhgir pasposo, w.s iot ;only to9 suppy GOt'nlbiun actIlits neioigboacrlioo.1,. bUtfto isiplyl.thi'o i parent society: with i6oney to ti:pUirs its,'Gid-lilke plrtis:m;4 He trastod this would be oine rdsnlt of lthoir ° e{t.gi ) ti at ; light..:i .e: ,hal mad uci. pleasure 1ii l6 mniveitlid hiilstrosoltiini.. t Bis f G.. . ui ;l.T=inht tBishopj';of Goulbtirir said ist hie lihaed eioni Soquested .to move the first resolution;. which was as follows ;?*- • "9' - 'iThat theo rsp osi noe rad, tocether weiti the treasstimr'is biian asheit. o a+ilopto; prllltedl, and circulated. . !Oho uroport,?presented some features of oncolurigo molt ; and though the present might be but the day of small things it s hould not be despised. They had cause for thanikfulness for the success which hlind attended the operatious of the auxiliary, and lihe Strhsted it would be progressive till they were enabled to ;ffect more good and to remit larger sums to the liaritnt 'society. He would not again travel over the ground so well occupied by tlheir chairman ; and hei w:ould leavo to the deputation ho was glad to sea present to report of progress of tile Bible Society mid would limit himself to one or two argu mnaits showiug.:why they ought to support the spcicty:. 'The:Bible Society was engaged, not in in o tc?piirtitg the word of God but in spreading it; and ienthis work:thd commnnnittce were truly indefatigable. They gave. up to it a largo portion of their time, ýud they met, regularly and frequently. Their re liort'for 1877 was full of evidoece that tile Spirit was still acting in the conversion of souls, amnl al togothbr;it.was intiensely interesting. WVhen they consiudtred that one. copy of the scriptures might bri inj life to oi'b soul, and thou muiltiplied by the * nuimbecr of i copies issued by the Biblo Society they Swouldlrsee how, great was the blessing that would I est upon the extended circulation of God's word. The society had been iii existence' many years, and the ,number ,of copies it circulated was enorumous. Up,to;last year they had distributed 23,610,000 copies and potions of the Old Testament, uand 27,865,000 copies of the Now Testament, making in all 51.1 millions of copies. What an immnuense boon to the world l, suroly then with such a work as this for its object the society deserved the warmest and 1 strongest support they could give it. They would 1 remember that the original came from the Holy ,lhost. God h-ad most wonderfully guarded and preserved the scriptures ; and there were more ancinent copies of them now in existucce than of 1 the works of all profane authors put together. Thoy should be thankful that in the present day abundant copies were being circulated, and thank fill that they had our beautiful authorised version, t the best that had over been iuade and the makers of which had themselves been influouced in their work by the power of the Holy Ghost. This version t had fixed the English language. Though attempts t haid since been made to imalce a new translation, I none had been able to improve the althurised ver sion. Five clergymen had met together to make a nbiw voersion and at first had made great altetations ; but on. re- consideration they went somewhat back, I and tbo more they gave themselves to the work tlhe I more they returned to the existing version. This t surely was good testimony to its correctness. Let s us thouen be thankful for our version of the scrip- I tures. It was the foundation of our laws, it had 1' fixed our language, its spirit was transfused into our t institutions; it was to this we English are what we I are. As thoeQueen said to the African monlarch who asked what was the secret of England's great ness, it was the bible and because e we lioved inll the bible. Let us thean make much of this society as the means of spreading this wonderful moans of c .grace. Its instrumentality was not conuiaed to Great Britain and her dependencies, but there were ,! branches on the continent, and six million copies of I the Old and twenty-one millions of the New Testa- j, meit hlad there been distributed, or twenty-seven t, millions out of the seventy-nine millions circulated by the society since its est.llisliuunt. Thou let them consider the many languages into which this a society had had the word translated. He believed there ywere about two hundred iand sixteen living lu lunguagges in the world, of which seventy were ill i Surolpe, oighty in Asia, eighteen i i the islanids of the Pacific, twenty-six in Africa, and about fourteen ill Aimerica. This society was iot the only one ii existence that is instran mitul in distributing the wuard lof (Gol, for there was all ol,'r one con inected with the Church of Engluand, l:it itis iimhli licitions were chiefly in the Enlig h labuiage. The lritish and ,Foreign Bible ,Saociety h-id lrin:ichies illi cvery ilsuarter of tihe Ialitablie globu, b anl, itt I the i sHcriptures tr:nslsted iute a groat mildly lauglnigns. c T lue mcniu r iu which peol~le at iimi e iui ;ir ied to its funds sit iSt good exami ple 'to theomi) :ho r"er There " wore llallncy Wleo gave their hiuIndrrels aid. tlOusalldst whlu u we wuer contrilbuting uhiilings. iThor.? it uas, iiot uifrquetit to lind euntrii?,uimls m)f 'ia theisanil Cd or two thlou:usand pouidi.ls, ~'iile iii this c:,l,,ity tion. T'llcus are days in which th :a':thor;ty I of the scriptures is munel inquired into ; mid while o the eoatri ttee of the "Bible Society did Ilt ittierrro hI with inquiries of this nature, they w\trel.c.lnutlut to l have the great privilo;e of c:Utninl tihr soripturo t. Io diiatributntd, because tlhey hslitved it to bh the it word of (Iol ; auld clten~vc1r I lhy Him.l, an: opening c for extentding its cirtclatit thtey $Lt?zthltotmv.nl theimselves of it ; ntLA when thl.y sw I:how the word struckh into thi hearts of the lelitle they war! ein couraged. - Letun therefore d, ah that awe c:an to help the distribution of .the word of Cted which L lltkih \\\is unt salvtation. The lev. W. Clarke said hle 1a l hear :. . r ral 1 that this was t a scptleal age, it, Id tll:ty'\'r.:! expijcted .a to give a reason for the ll.tpe tha:t wae in tll?"lt. St. . Pctor told'tlhcl that they shim nld bh tIblI to give sth h reason. Now I)r. Tholla., hadl given thltotht at)t t rd?ioiis wshy they should support thit: hi.itih and I Foreignt Bible Society, and 1)0 shtould follow in his s ttain. NH stooll on the side of the Biil, i?C soiCty: q ecano.use God ivilled it. It was the will of Go I thatt, tlhe truths of the Itblle s? ould ihe mr: ead aettal and e that we Cl.:istinns shoulttt i spre.? if. The divin t g comnnnud was "go ye inlto the wiorhl and iprnlch the ta truth to overy creature; " and we cannot do this l by unless we take the bible. Fron this divine conm o ar inud it was clear that if Jesus Christ canme to in Goulburn he would be on the side of the Bible as Society; and lie (the speaker) desired to be in good ed company. Five ]hiundred years ago-in the toile Sof Wycliffe-a numiber of priest:s met and' passed a ns re.soltion that the bible was a ad book and .that es its circulation must bo prevented ; ald strt.?,ge to at lay lundreds of years afterwards the Bible Society of occupied a house on the very spot wheoro their , iimooting.i hald beeoon held. Voltaire had ita 1printing it press with which he desired to print .publications es which were to destroy the cause of the biblel; but sy strangs to say afterwards this press came inito the f puisession of the society and was enlployed to print i the biblo-to assist in multiplying colpies of, the c- work it had been intended to destroy. lie was on .r the side of the bible for patriotic reasons. They had a. cares for the soul and cares for the body of different ia kinds and the burden ofý ignorance; and they saw 34 those dear to theom wither and decay; antid what )- helped them under these cares and diiliculties was ty the bible, and nothing but the bible. Aiid the work ie of the society is that a copy should be placed in the re hands of everyone. There was a great deal of lr scepticism abroad, call it secularism or by what a nanme you would; and at one timle it had got it iloouenc in Lancashire, and it was there frequently d said that the ministers did not care for the people. i- But by-and-by camle the faminie, and tlie at once oa the secularists struck their tents and were away ; to and then came those. who were inflaenced by the s- teachings of the bible, and without asking the creed I of the distressed they distributed the meanls of relief o at their -command and in every way endeavoured to d alleviate the sufferings of those around them. The it foaritain could not retain its water nor the flower its v firigsauhic if the source were dry or the root decayed; 1, andl this influence of the bible could not keep its t hold:of the hearts and ninds of men as it had done to and would do fronm goenration to generation were it i not indebd a living and ia life-giving truth. Those it whlio liad its influence in their hearts could no more : hel desiring to impart it to others than the flower d could help exhaling its fragrance or the fountain Sprovenzt its water flowing. The bible Ibrought us to h holiness, and substituted the love of others and the a love of good works for the natural seltishness of 3 ina i 'fiInfidelity held out but poor prospects to its. ts Itt;told u's we were hopeless, helpless chillhen, s passengers, without.comlpass or rudder, sailing no y one l'nowe where, our course commencing in S)'yisteiy,? going on11 in mystery, ending in mystery. 0 Iti tthe bible helped out of this horrible pit ir of ,imire and clay, raised us heavenwards, con ci. t tratqtd.d its rays in onue focus, and gave a u glorious light to light manul to heaven. The bible w*asitlheinost glorious gift of- God to miian. It was ix tlietlaw of the -heavens. the law of the earth, the is rmoitiy where the shields of light were kept, a directory to the sinner floeing from sin, a cordial ;. which cheered the hearts of all. It would cleansi that which is filthy, bind up that which is broken, cheer \- the disconsolate. It was the telescope through which we obtained a view of the infinite, a rainbow encir Scling the earth, giving promises of this world and od f the world to come, and lighting the path that e divides one world from the other. The Bible Society was not only patriotic but phllilanthrolpie. It was not e only the British Society, but the British and Foreign e Bible Society. Dr. Thomas had told tlhemo that e many attacks had been made on the bibhle; and lie (Mr. Clarke) knew the fact was so ; but they iever wore, never could he, successful. Some people got frightened at those a!::.Ix.; ; :tit lot them remember that once upon ai time the ark of God fell into the hands of the Puiilistimnea, whai cirried it away and d placed it in the house of their god Dagon. Well' these persons who were frightened might inngie that the ark would fall before Dagon ; not so, but Dagon fell before the ark; and so it would he in respect to attacks uplon the bible. Why attempllts had lacei nade, and made lie was sorry to say by a y lishop, to delpose Moses fronm the place he occupied i but how had they succeeded ? Were there fewer e believers now than formerly in the books of Moses ? He thought certainly not. Let them look into the 1 bille and they would become better iei amd betterd better women. Christianity would live and was therefore .1 true : Christianity was true and would therefore live; it would never fade away. Paganism was passing away ; Maahomctanism was passing away, and the Turk would soon be emancipated from fetters. It was true that in Germany the neology of that country was like a vampire sucking away .thel s piritual life-blood of the people ; but it must pass c away. All these were of human invention and must 1 pass away. But the bible would live for ever, live y in any atmosphere, flourish amongst any people. Its teachings, its consolations, were appropriate to mni e J of every race on earth. The German, the Hindoo, the Irislunan, the Scotchlman,: the WeVslinman, the Englishman, the native of any and of every clime ti could in this book find their. intellects and their hearts alike spoken to. [In referrilng to the Welsh) a the speaker gave a Welsh quotation.. The speaker referred to the influence of the Bible in causing the. settlement of a British colony in Fiji; and con- L tinued :J England to some extent ha-I b heeu rcant to the faith of the old reformers ; and the heart of i Russia was as cold as its own Siberia; Spai R was sutk in imbecility; and France, tainted with inidel ity, lhad endured the horrors and cdangers of com. nlmnlismn. The reason whly Spain was not stable and , France not strong was because they had not the t bible. What was it that gave peace andreligion ,to the slave but the bible ? Whatever might happein p should England and lussia go to war lie could not predict ; bhut lie was sure that eventually the know ledge of the Lord would cover the whole earth, and t that the universal cry would be " We praise Thee O tl Lord; we acknowledge Tihe to be the Lord." To t cusure and to hasten this was the object and aim of tl the Bible Society: and this was why he seconded tl the resolutionu. The resolution was then put to the meeting and tl cartied. • The second resolntiou was moved by the Venerable m Archdeacon Puddicolube, in the abseuce of the Rlev. S5 A. M. Tait, who had requested the mover to express at his regret that through indisposition lie was unable lIt to be present. It was as follows :- cc Thit lthi tleetiung, iroisciue ini the 1roslority whiclh ehl at to!dllel the oleratills of the olottlluril axliri of ttc e Britishi fI tit'l 'oeilI:i lililo Society (osltoci?clly ill the ostnbl llstueuet iila B HICCIess of its vtriotis iiitehsclur edlleI reqStl ltoso tle cordial co- It alporationl of all itiiitor ofi religion anre otle Ierc i tels tdin ltoe lpreatl o ilivsin trath11 altd prlys ta llst a-igh m (h d ill wcon tilil to blcnss theu -tortsa pot forth to dihntanitltu Hit hely di ic sald there were some societies io which people o lost iteresft because they flailed in the olijects they roposed; ut this could ihs o ever b the cmse with thies Bible Society. Year by year it hie been marked iby lprogress ;3-ear Iy3 year it produced fresh trauiclations c aid ellgagcd addlitiouual colporteurs; every year it iii bdlldlarger revellues mlid anl inucreasCd circulhtion of ac its- biblhs. Theii there se-ore oniiic societies for ac- it complishinig thue work of wvhichi miclh assistanue svas cll lio mIangur. necessary.j This coul itot alpply to the cc BibL] Society. As "log as. thie world lasts there ci would .be need fdr its.-operaitiouls. Never can it la cra-s its efforts ttll the dayS'wieii ill the kingdoms t of the world shallh end anlt thie kingdom of the cross 551 colllitleclc. As yeasr by 3-ear theoy becalne ilnore ill- fo S. :.... ....,.... ........... .,..., ...,..r. ".. ..,.....i...., .. i ..1.... r~ hliteltd Christians, so they must take increascd inter. ca est in the wor;ilng of the society. Is there to be the to hltrvest of the Lord? mid nre we to take part in therein ? If so the seeod 1must hli swnll, allid those ot who hoped to b.! nt the harvest Imust assist to -sow at it., Time scdl wa. thle word of God. If the day is to w' coice whenl the victory shalil e gaine 1, the sword th musst eat hiand ; and the sword is the word of God. Ix The light nusHt be lit, to shine forth to guide amid to. th cheer; it must ni he hidden C nr Ulalb?r ?t bushel.but Iu sH t on i caiudlesticlc. God wurkelobyhiuman meails; 13 a:ld the meanl appointed for tithffavictory was tihe in 'itding mitro itt of the truth as it"wa\ iu the bible. st With tht se sientimonts it wams iil'ossible that they se could help rejoicing at tile sitccss of this auxiliary th .iad e1pecially at the ini:eriesi pmrospaerity of its of branches. Thie mpr.ssperity oit mran:ches always points as tli the prosplerity of tihe stem ; indl by the truth,that it drops from thhrm.e braniches of the Bible Society the, qt ste:n is strengthemnld. H was persuadedl that inlI mvwry towi wlhere thori i'i.4 It brauch of the Bibled Socicity there was a centre of Christian life, that every parish h.i v;nyu such It branch womuhl be well or. lhl gan:ized and flourishing in itself and would exert wu active and earnest mIinsionary efforts. If they would tmi do what they could to stir up each other to work more al om- earnestly, they would iind it a great sourUe of spiritual to life. Every ChriHtian was hound to do what he could i11 to spread the word of God-not only to hoed fast, but 'oud to hold forth. The injutctios to go.forth and preach int tile gospel to overy creature was hiinding upoli oveory id a Christian ; and though they could not all do it par hat sonally they could do it nmst effectually by support to iug the British aud For.cign Bible Society. Hs ety would now simply mnovo the resolution; and rejoiced icir to know that it would l,h seconded by the agent and ug- deputation from the parent society. ut Tihe R.ov. J.'T. Evans said thaft it gave him great tie pleasure to seonmd thle resolution, especially as it int s pke of the practical success of the auxiliary. Hay the 1; vi:'tod somo of the towns he could bear testi mo niny to the interest felt in the work in towns con. d nected with Goulurn i anid lie hoped that in a few ,t months every town would have a branch, not merely *a existing upon papor but actively working for the in. lit terests of the society. TTh-re was one thing to be oas dleprocated, and that was the disposition to break up Irk into small and weak auxiliaries rather than to re thIe main blranchles of one large and strong. It was not of well that one day a branch should be connected with uout (ontlhurn, the next d xy with Syducy, and then that got it should set up for itself ; nor was it satisfactory to tl go to-day to Qucanboyan, say, and after returning i. honim to find that there was a small town within a ico few miles ]having an auxiliary of its own ; nor was it cy; easy under such cireumstaunces for a deputation to he visit all. In Victoria they had at one time some ed sixty-nine aunxiliaries ; those had now been united in ief twp strong auxiliaries; and he hoped and believed to thft the result would be that their usefulness would lie rapidly assume larger proportions. He hoped the its surrounding towns would join and assist the Goul d; burn auxiliary. He did not like to speak after nine ts o'clock, for lie thought it well that people should be o alble to get to bed by ten ; so he would at once go oni it to splak of the parent society, as lie understood they , oxpected this of himn. When this society was es- I tabllished in 1801 bibles woere scarce. There were 'er manly men now living who remembered when there inwere bnt one or two in their neighbourhoods. Mr. to Clarke had referred to Wales; anw as a Welshman 4 lie himself lie was proud to say that 'it was' Wales that of gave birth to the Bible Society. His father remem t. bered when the only pllaco for miles around where a copy of the bible could be found was in the church. Ie Now in Wales one could be found in every family. I in So it was in England. There were thousand; of men who at one time had not a bible to reacd. Forty- c t. five millions of copies had been distributed by the -Bible Society. What did England do for Christian missions seventy years ago ? Very little. Now the c de Church of England had hundreds of missionaries in as foreign lands and expended in missionary efforts he .500,000 per annum. Sinilar efforts were made by the Wesleyans and by other churches. And if these - ialwere now doing their best to fulfil Christ's command at to preach the word to every creature, should not those in the colonies do their share also? The Earl 1 of Shaftesbury said that the greater religious light or- f the present day was to be attributed to more ox tensive preaching, to purer preaching, and to te at more extensive circulation and reading of the word of God. He.might point out that even in the matter at of temporal prosperity countries possessing the bible stood higher than others. The society believed the t ,ible to be God's word, and therefore did all in its le power to bring it within the reach of everyone. As or rotestants they believed that every Christian had a right to the word of (leGod and ought to possess a e copy. Witll reference to the work on the continent, H 0r Spain had long becn a source of great discourage mont and had been closed against the society's n 1 opeoations till biit a few years ago; but noiv every c levi e-e was visited by the colporteurs ; and according b to their last report there was scarcely a village where f Snmoan could not be found who had beeu brought to a t knbwledge of God by quiet, earnest reading of His word. He gave an instance whebre ntimnber of meno l la met together to conspire against the government and i ]r in case of being interrupted by the police they. had ¶l the bible open before" them to make all excusle thattlhey were seeking the word of God ; but it cline l about that this at last caused their leader actually ti t to commence to reoad it, and though he did so at first P ill a scoffing spirit, it led to his conversion, and he 1 was now the most earliest bible. porter the society had ill its employ. Then there is a so of ,Mexico. 1n The society always keeps a stock n ready for it any opening that presents itself ; aoin the days of a Maximilian some yea.s ago .glh ,anws opening pre- s 00 sented itself in Meiic andti there their agents II i circulated fifteen thous-il copies. But since thie days of Maxtmnilian the lhad not been admitted into that counitry, and it ags thought that there the t causeon mst have died onu, But two or three years Pi s ago tlh,'r o a6e a?dcoputatio .NoWYorlc, seeking a imlan to go to MIxico to org?i?f h ir.churchl, and it 4 t transpired that theure existe?i db~ s thlin fifty-three sl coingregations hlaning their aisters and their bibles, 5] I axiol that the leaders of this movemellnt were priests 4' who finding the bible gectihg into circulation had r obtained copies and read themi with the view of t 1 pointing out their errors, but in the task of pernosl til had themselves boon convihced of their truth. One, a of thosopriests, noted for his eloquence and ability, It liha beeo specially appointed by the archbishop to hi make. preoparation for denouncing the new move- 1/ ment ; yet lie had bocoluo one of its leaders. At the o present time there were in Mexico no less than is seventy-five congregations of Christian people with p1 ° their own ministers, and a college, where men were dr o )rpr~1id for the ministry. And all this resulted pl i from the introduction into tile country of the word cc of God through the exertions of the Bible Society. at When they hoard of facts such as these they should take them as enlcouragement to persevere ill helping i the society. They would see how great was the work it Sflthat 'had already boon accomplished, and knowing that vastly more remained to be done they should x the more earnestly resolve to aid tile society in its PC efforts to circulate the word of God in every place throughout the world. Throughout the heathenlc c world the society was doing a great work. Truly it o' e might beo called the handmaiden of the church. Some memblers of the Church of England might give to s as a reason for not supporting this society that they to e had a similar society of their own; but let them ci consider that while tile Clurch of England society circilated the bible in fifty-seven different languages, lot for forty-soven of these they had to come to tie £1 1 British and Foreign Bible Society. This fact showed In how valuable al assistant this society must be. The lit Wesleyans got all their bibles from this society; so re] y did th Presbyteriaus andl other Protestant clhurches. h Fifty years back thie bible lhad beecn translated only as Sinto fifty languages ; now it was to be found in two of y lIudred and thirty-two additional languages; fifty- fig . two nlillion copies of the scripture hld been oircu- Sy y lated; and it was calculated that there were eighty- it seven millions thlroughont the world. ' The dissemi. Il t nation of the biille had had its effect wllero missioni- it I ary enterprise lhad not yet penetrated. TIme speaker \- here, gave instaices of nlative of India of high tif clcharactor and great' Ilaturiol ability who had beoli Vi colverted to Chriktianity by remading the bible, with. he i out tllh intorvention of ally missioiary. In particn- IC t lar there was anu iustauco of a native gentlemau wv i thus converted who labotirled so well that wheno after . wards a missionai.Y cntel into his ncightbolrhood he Mi . fotild that lieo was alnogst a comilunity already Ih Sconverted to Christianity by roading a biblu brought I ii 3 to him by a Parsee, and who influenced all the other t inhabitants of his village. In India, China, anud 'po l other places the visits of the missionary were few A. anti far between ; but here the society circulated the seo word of God, anol thus religious life was kept amongst , r 1 the people. But much remained to be dune ; eight N Ihuttdredt niillions yet wore to be supplied; so that . the work of the society was but just counnlenced. hut t In Australia there was no cause to be discouraged. haI ; But they must rotumulbur that the work was yet T'I a in its infancy. Our young mon wore conliug oni the ml stage without having seoet what their ehlders had y seen ; and whr utveul had tile te milliouns of people pr r that Sir Hercules ltobinsaon had so eloIuIlltly spitkeCn siP s of the other day, we ought to have the Imans of he se n"plig their religious IneessitieR. Thus even for t t. work in Noe South WVales much was re- rot a, q ;U? ; arnd the Goulburrl auiiltiry mImusmt duo its an I, The groat want in comnnexion with the claimus tih j his society wass ba btter kuowledige orf the work (:t t id. Morte woild he done if more were known of in the work that remal:ined t l) donll. lHTi therefore jut t nrgd themo to bring tiu ler notice wherever oppor 1 tunityy res2ntcd itself, thi work that this society Ri e Oiet .to accomplish. The more they did in this W tal diroetioli, the nmore hey yould find: the jeooral; in Id terest in. the society growing and the m're tlhe at contribdtions would:be increasing, . He hopa l that b through their exertions more.bibles would be ciron y liitrid and thus inuoro puls wauld be brought t t the r- knowmledge f Jeosus Christ. *t- The resolution was tlho, put aln carried. i The t tv. W. May tulved the third resolation SI That the thanks of this teerting are cordially given to the Ld lalv collectors of thi aluxilhary aa,I its Irauchs for their vain able serviuei dIaring the past -year; and they are respeettally elu..4to 1 to co:ltilnue their at It to the col'littei. Dt I)eds hipsks louder than words; and he thought it they. would bet show their gratitude by doing as niuell as they could an I saying little. He was very rglad to second this resolution. Though he felt that in some thingsimen had the advalntage, in orgail izing, ill pieaclinng, and in other ways not usuilly considered open to tile' other sex, yet in others ladies were far above the meon, and for their kind and zea lous exertions the thanks of all well-wishers to the Bible Society were certainly due, and it was to ex ipress those thanks that he now came forward. Let all do what they could to spread abroad a knowledge Soffthe truth as it, is in Christ ;Jesu3i. When Sir SWalt ;r Scott was on his dying bed he desired that he night be rand to, and being asked what book, he said there was but one book, for his then condition. And so it was. There was but oneo book they could die by; but one bodokthey could live by :and it was the bible. Mr. W. S. Fdexall while lie felt it a great honor to be requested to second the resolution, felt that it would 1 ill becomoe him, especially at that hour, to attempt to 1 cnlarge upon its subject. Ho vould merely say that he quite endorsed it; and after the flattering re marks in the report he thought there was reason to believe that the ladies would not only continue their aid to the society but would if possible increase their exertions. He was sure that the ladies who had col lected for thl society so well in the past would do so again; and that those .who had not yet done so would endeavour to do as well as the others. The resolution was put and carried. The Chairman apologized for the absence of Mr. Conolly who had been called away from the meeting, t and who was to have moved the next resolution. He announced that a collection would .now be made ; which was done accordingly and £3 3s. was realized. Mr. C. S. Alexander moved and Mr. Sibson seconded~ That the thanks of thi meeting are given to the oflicers and cOmmlittee for the year :1877 ; an1 that the following gentltemto bl tile otlco-bearers an0d commlitteo for tlhe pr.?cntyear :-'Patitt, thle nighlt Rov. tho Lord Bishop of Golburtn; President, \V. Davies Esq. \\[.P.; Vice-Prolont4, the Vet. Archdeason Paddi tcatbo atul CC. H. Alexander Esq. J.P. T Treaturer, A. f. Botts 1~t.4 .Hcrcttry, MIr. Hem-v Gtoldsith; Colnolittee, hove. XV. CMay, Canont Soare., A. 3H. Tait, W. Clarke, anil Moers. J. Cald well, W. Conloll, V. S. Fosall, T. Ornsoell, W. M1faybur-, \V. Sibslon, J. Farquthar, V. Manrtin, G. G(rejor.v, and J. Brown?ill. -Carried. The hymn, Sun of my Soul, my Saviour Dear, was then sung. On the motion of Archdeacon Puddicombo a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman for presiding; and the mooting closed with the benediction by the Bishop of Goulburn. 