NEW SOUTH WALES. :- Sydney, Friday. On Thursday the Star of Peace, at Hill End, cut splendid gold in Herman's claim, and oOOoz. of specimens have been lodged in the bank, making 1, OoOoz. in two days. The ketch Laura foundered off the ATannmcr. having been overpowered by a heavy sea. The crew were saved. A child named Quinlan, three year3 old, was burnt to deatli on Thursday through playing with matches. A child two and a half years old was also burnt to death playing before afire near Yass. A second child was seriously injured in attempting to subdue the flames. Andersen, the late manager of tlie Joint-stock Bank at Grenfeld, has been committed for trial for obtaining £700 under false pretences from tlie bank. Deputation to the Minister of Rail ways.— Mr Billson, M.L.A., introduced a de putation from Beechworth, consisting of the Pn-sideutof thf Shire Council and Councillors Tanswell and L ing The deputation having fully laid their claim for two trains a day be fore the Commissioner of Railways, who said that the line was wrong in its inception — was a mistake, and should .have never been con structed—stated that since the Department hid ceased rnuniug the two regular trains, tbey were compelled t > run four extra trams per week, which would only require two extia ones to comply with their request. Mr Woods replied, " When you increase the tr-iffic to six, you shall have two trains per day." It was pointed out to him that if the tariff on manufactured timber were reduced, it would increase the traffic, as they could cart the timber to Chiliern, Ac., cheaper. Ho stated the Government would not attempt to com pete with millowners, and they could cart it themselves. Mr Billsou suggested that by runuingthe two trains it would prevent wear aud strain on the engines, rails, &c.; Mr Woods said he would not allow anyone to interfere with his business. His attention was also called to his reply to a deputation last week, respecting more feeders to the North-Eastern line, of hich he approved. He replied, " Yes, but not suckers!" He also said that he was not going to run a train for a barrow- load of goods to Beechworth; nor, in his posi tion of Minister of Railways, could he grant any consideration for one part of the colony ; there being a loss, he must prevent it. He said. " What is Beechworth ? It leads to no where; and, as regards the opening of the State forest, it would be a stout-hearted man that would take up any of the laud." The deputation pointed out to him that there was a very large population which had their goods, &o.;, by the Beechworth branch-line— includ ing Yackaudaudab, Little ltiver, Stanley, Bright, Myrtleford, &e.; but he would not alter bis determination. Iu reply to the Pre sident, as to whether he distinctly refused to grant the two trains a day, Mr Woods brusquely replied, " Yes ; I've told you that two or three times !" And again, when apolo gising for detaining him, he replied, " Ob, you're not detaining me, but the deputation outside." The deputation also asked him if the Government would be prepared to hand over the line to the Beechworth Shire Council, on condition of their pay ing 4 par cent, on the cost of construction and rolling-stoo'i, as they were losing money. He replied that the Government was not going to construct railways, aud baud them over to shire councils ; but he would sell the line. Before leaving. Mr Billson lemarked that hitherto he had received courtesy and consi deration from all the departments ; but he had not received it there that day. The de putation theu withdrew. Beecifwortii Shire Board of Advice. A meeting of the Beechworth Shire Board of Advice took place on Monday. Present — Messrs West, Cowan, and Atkinson. It was moved that Mr Atkinson be chairman. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The following correspondence was read :— From the Education Department, asking for information from the Board, as to to night schools being opened at the Three Mile." school 736, and the Black Springs school 1740. From the Hurdle Flat school 305, in reference to the use of the school room for monthly entertainments; attended to. From the Tarrawingcc school 2031, in forming the Board that the old school at Tarrawingee eaBt 10G6 has been closed in favor of the new one established at that place, under roll 2031. From Mr H. Robinson, teacher, Hurdle Flat, requesting that the Board would grant two extra holidays for the purpose of visiting the Ballarat J uvenile Exhibition; attended to. From Mr Rae. on behalf of tlie Three Mile pic-nic; attended to. From Mr E. Allen, Keid's Creek school, ask ing for holiday; attended to. From Mr G M. Morris, lieid's Creek, asking for the use of the school-room; attended to. From Mr J. C. Brady, Three Mile school, reporting that the number on the roll was 172. From Mr James Kelly, teacher, Melbourne road school 1740, referring to the school being closed on the 3rd and 4th inst. It was moved that the correspondent acknowledge the letter, and grant lu3 request, and that the Board condole with the teacher in his bereave ment. Testimonial to Mr R. D. Bansister. — We are glad to notice that a movement has been initiated at Ballarat, for the purpose of marking the public appreciation of the valu able services rendered by that gentleman in connection with the late Juvenile Exhibition in that city. The object is so good an one, and the recognition so well deserved/that we sincerely hope its promoters may. be largely and substantially supported in their endeavors. We may state that the commit tee have forwarded a circular on the subject to Mr R. Warren, and that gentleman has kindly permitted us to state his willingness to take charge of the contributions of any persons willing to assist iu the matter, if they will forward them to this office. Snow Statues — History, it is said, repeats itself, and so do the habits of youngsters; in whatever country they reside. These old saws were brought to our mind on Thursday morn ing last by seeing the result of the efforts of a j'oung lady who scarcely ever saw snow fall be fore, daughter of a well known Beechworth resident, which took the form of a weird ghost like bust manufactured from the snow which had fallen over night. The head was a curious combination of ideas, the upper part reminded one of Jee Grimaldi, with his cheery " Here wc are again," only that it was graced by two horns, either those of a sheep or goat. The faco was extremely well modelled, and might pass muster for that of a Councillor at one time well known in Beechworth, only that the eyes were represented by two appropriately shaped pieces of charcoal, and the neck was artistically developed on a foundation of broomstick. Joking aside, the young, artiste showed the possession of talent of no mean order, and it is a pity the material she worked on was of so transient a nature. '. ". , Beechworth Police Court.— On Thurs day, before Mr W. II. Foster, P.M., the fol lowing cases were heard : — Goon Ti was called upon to appear to a charge of being an idle and disorderly person without lawful visible means of support. He did not appear, and a warrant was ordered to issue tor his arrest. A. Robinson v G Pastorelli, £7 ISs lOd, £2 8s lOd had been paid on account; '"order for £5 10s, costs 2s 6d. Same v John Ken nedy, £11 2s 9d, goods sold; order for amount, costs 2s d. Same v John Downey, £2 16s 4d; order for amount, costs 2s 6d. Defendants did not in any event appear. Constable' Keating v F. H. A. Heuss, execution credi tor, and Mark Baldwin, claimant; interpleader case. Mr Bowman, instructed by Mr Tut- hill, for Baldwin. From the evidence adduced, it appeared that a short time ago Heuss got a verdict against one William Forest for board and lodging. The money not being paid, a distress warrant was taken out, and on this Constable Keating seized a horse, saddle and bridle in satisfaction of the debt. The horse, saddle and bridle were claimed by Baldwin, who deposed that Forest sold them to him some time ago, and produced a receipt in due form, which showed he gave £8 for them. Joseph Wertheim was' -present at Baldwin's house when Hie sale was effected, and cor roborated Baldwin's evidence! The magis trate decided that tlie horse, saddle and bridle were the property of Mark Baldwin. Presentation to Mr Robert Brown, J.P , of Collendina. — After the death of the father the above gentleman, in conjunction with Mr Docker occupying the position of executor to the will, devoted the utmost attention and ability to secure the interests of Mrs Smith, late Miss Clark, and to the successful manage ment of the property devised under its pro visions. Mr Brown also acted as guardian to the heiress. As a mark of gratitude, and the kindly feelings entertained towards her bene factor, the young lady recently presented him with a very chaste solid silver dessert service. Apart from the intrinsic value of the gift, it is rendered the more considerable by its beauty as a work of art, being most elegantly chased aud finished, and of purely correct design. It gives us much pleasure to record such instan ces of affectionate appreciation, not certainly too common now-a-days. Literature, School Books, and Gardbn and Other Seeds, &a.; — We gather from onr business columns that Mr John Fletober, the well known bookseller and stationer of Ford- Street, Beechworth, has been making very considerable and noteworthy additions to his already large and varied stock. Amougst other works that particularly strike our at tention, are " Tho Farm, &c.;," by Abraham Lincolno ; " An Idle Excursion," by the cele brated Mark Twain ; " Heroes of South African Discovery," all calculated to afford both instruction and amusement, tiis former being a work of the highest importance to the Australian agriculturalist. A charming se lection of new music also takes the eye pro minently, and for tli9 benefit of the rising generation, any quantity of school books and appliances have been provided. As to the favorite periodicals, their name is legion, and such much esteemed trifles as scrap- books, albums, picture cards, purses, &e.;, in addition to stationery, and every description of book required in the conducting of business are iu almost endless variety. We further perceive that a very exteusive supply ot ail sorts oi garden, grass, vegetable, and other seeds of guaranteed quality has been laid in for the benefit of all persons requiring such com modities. The Railway Deputation. — Mr W00G3 does not seem to have been particularly courteous to the deputation which waited upon him from Beechworth in re the one train a day arrangement on the Beechworth Branch railway. They intended to wait upon him on Thursday, but early on Wednesday, iu reply to an application as to when he would see them, he curtly replied that unless they could see him at once they could not see him at all, as he was going out of town the follow ing day, and did not know when ho would be back. The consequence was that several members of Parliament aud other gentlemen, who had intended to accompany the deputa tion, were.not- present, aud besides they were unable to obtain the services of a reporter as intended. We are indebted to the kindness of Mr Strugoell, Presideut of the Shire, for the report furnished elsewhere, from which it appears that the Minister was not in tho most amiable of moods. Lake Kerfeud. — On Wednesday the Presi dent of the Beechworth Shire Council (Mr R. Strugnell), together with Councillors Tans- , well and Lang, introduced by Mr G. Billson, M.L.A., waited upon the Minister of Mine3, to ask for an additional loan of £2000 tor waterworks. They informed the Miuister that, with this money, they proposed t» raise the embankment of the reservoir at Lake Kerferd, so as to increase its capacity, and to provide for the purchase of water rights, with the view of increasing the sources of supply. They further stated that they would be able to obtain such an amount of additional re venue as would enable them to pay the inte rest on the loan. Major Smith, in reply, requested the deputation to send him parti culars in writing of the meaDS by which they proposed to raise the additional revenno, together with an estimate of the expenditure. If these should prove satisfactory, he would be prepared to recommend the inclusion of the sum asked for in the next new loan. The Major was most conrteous in his de meanour, and afforded a somewhat remarka ble contrast in this respect to Mr Woods. He at once admitted the necessity of the work, and promised to grant the money so soon as the requisite conditions were complied with. It is somewhat strange that one of the letters containing the needful information, which was despatched from the Shire office, should never have reached its destination. It was, however, forwarded yesterday, and doubtless the money will be at once forth coming, thus enabling the Council to proceed with the work without delay. Bethanga. — Our correspondent writes :— Another company starts operations shortly in Bethanga — Mr Kinohingman, who represents a pyrites company, having determined to erect works, &c.;, to extract the gold from the dirt that has hitherto baffled che batteries. He has purchased the whole of the tailings from Sabelberg's battery, and will start on these first. He will also treat the dirt direot from the claims that has been condemned as un payable ; also, the once unwelcome ' black Jack," which, shonld it prove payable, will be quite a gift to the miners ; for nearly every claim has bottomed on this, and had to go through it as useless. With regard to copper, nothing startling or desperate has to be re corded. I heard somebody say the other day he hoped there woald be war. On asking why, he said, " Because a few ships might be induced to make a permanent dive, and copper would go up." He didn't know whether oopper or iron was used for the bottoms of these big ships; but our leases must be worked somehow. A case of highway robbery took place here a few days ago ; but the victim gave the wrong man in charge, so I suppose the robber has by this time evaporated from Bethanga. This is rather a serions matter, giving an innocent man in charge for highway robbery, and I hear the matter is not likely to rest here. The weather has been fright fully wintry, and the roads (eh !) and the streets are a caution. It is a pity the Council cannot see their way to do something for us. If the roads were ouly marked out and sur veyed, it would be better ; but no ! they seem to forget us altogether, except the collection of the rates. I see one of our local store keepers has determined to clear away, on ac count ot the long and continued illness of his wife. His store, stock and all, is for sale. A Wonderful Man. — We have frequently come in contact with a " wonderful woman," and now must add a wonderful man to the list. We notice from our business columns that Mr Max Krafft will shortly start business in Wangaratta as an auctioneer. For tho last twelve months he has kept the Wonder Store, in Mnrphy-street, and has conducted that establishment in a wonderful manner. And although his name is Krafft, he is by no meanB crafty — in faot, he is wonderfully generous and liberal, as all those who pur chase from him will very Boon find oat. North Ovens Shire Council. — At a special meeting of this body, held on Thurs day last, there being present the President. (Mr Ladson), and Crs Smith, Tinning, SDink. Fealy, and Parfitt, it was resolved that ten ders be invited. for the construction of a sec tion of the Sludge Channel, at Tarrawingee, tenders to be sent in not later than the 24th inst. Cr Parfitt said the Council were guilty of a rather serious omission when they pas sed a vote of thanks to Mr John Orr, M.L.A., in not doing. the same to Mr Billson ; he assured the Council that that gentleman had done his very best, and wouid, therefore, move that the Council pass a unanimous vote of thanks to Mr George Billsou, M.L.A., for his ability and energy in procuring a graut of £1500 for the construction of the Tarra wingee Sludge Channel. The President seconded the motion, and it was carried un animously. The Council then adjourned. South Gippsland Election. — There seems likely to be a very pretty contest for the seat rendered vacant by the death of Dr. Macartney, as no fewer than six gentlemen have been nominated, viz. — Mes srsW.M'Lel- lan, F. C. Mason, Slattery, Crossley, J. J. Walsh, and W. Gaunson. Amongst such a lot it would be well nigh impossible to spot the'winner. A Liberal Gift. — Mr R. Warren, treasurer of the Bartie fund, begs us to acknowledge the receipt of £10 10s from Hon. J. A. Wallace, M.L.C. Such liberality is as rare as it Is commendable, and we trust others will f jllow so excellent an example. The Beechworth Mails. — On Wodnesday a deputation, consisting of Mr Strugnell (President of the Beechworth United Shire), and Crs Tanswell and Lang, waited npon Mr Turner, Deputy Postmaster-General, in the absence of Hon. H. Cuthbert, M.L.C., with regard to the obtaining a second mail to Beechworth. It was pointed out that at pre sent great inconvenience is felt by business and professional men at there being ouly one mail per day, and Mr Turner promised to do his utmost ; in fact he stated that there could bo uo difficulty so far as the department is coucerned, provided that arrang6meuts could be made with the local coaching managers. We believe that Messrs Crawford aud Connolly are willing to fall iu with the arraugement, provided- that sufficient inducement wtre offered. It would be to the decided advantage of tho Beechworth people ware they to endea- vor to obtain thi3 boon, even if they had to put their hands in their pockets. At present matters are in a state of confusion, owing to trie only raail not arriving until near mid night, and were a special ooach to be put on between Beechworth aud Chiltern, to leave the former place at 4 o'clock a.m., returning at 1.30 p.m. on the arrival of the train from Mi-lbourne, it would be a great public con venience. Death of Mr E. Knuokey. — We regret to have to record the somewhat sudden death of this gentleman (known amongst his fami liar friends by the soubriquet oi " Ned Enuckey)," who for many years carried on business as a road contractor in the neighbor- 1 hood of Rutherglen. Mr Knuckey was seized with a fit on the Friday, and was dead and buried on Sunday last. He was mu;h re spected by all who had the pleasure of his acquaint mce. Rutherglen Police Court. — On Wednes day, before Messrs Geo. Audley and Thos. Reeve, J.'sP., the following cases were dealt with : —John Jacobs v Peter Rothwell ; claim £4 Gs 3d, goods sold and delivered. No ap pearance of defendant. Order for amount, with 5s costs. D. Meehau v G. F. Morris; claim £11 2s, work and labor done. Defen dant denied that the plaintiff had worked the number of days that he claimed wages for, and i brought a witness to prove that he (the plain- i tiff) was incapable of working on certain days named. After a patient hearing the Bench made an order for £7 3s 6d, with 2i 6d costs. Toothache and its Remedy. — The weather < we are now experiencing is apt to make folks recollect that there are hollow teeth knocking abont somewhere, and is eqnally calculated to give a rattling appetite to those who canuot oomfortably satisfy it because their rnolais havo become somewhat deficient. To all these we may remark that Mr S. De Saxe, the well knowu dentist, may be consulted at Mr Gammon's in Ford-street, on Tuesday and Wednesday next, the 18th and 19th iu3ts. Female Friseurs — The old French cus tom of having women to denude the mascu line part of humanity of their hirsute appendages appears to be finding favor in some parts of New Zealand, if we may take the following as a criterion: — The proprietor of a hair-dressiug saloon iu Cuba-street, Wellington, N.Z., has introduced five female birbess into his establishment. The Wel lington Chronicle says : — " Our representative visited the establishment. During his sojourn in tlie place no less than five devoted indi viduals submitted themselves to be lathered by the fair creatures and scraped, though they hadn't as much hair on their faces as would make a wig for a mosquito. It must be said that these barbers' possessed charms of no ordinary degree, and the only wonder seemed to be that they should choose such an occupation for the display thereof. The wonder was not diminished as through a window our reporter watched the frightful attempts made by a scorbutic youth to ogle the pretty girl who was smothering his dis torted visage with soap after the most approved style We have girls employed in all sorts oE pursuits, which not long ago were the sole prerogative of men, and really, why not have girls for barbers after all ? Those who used to like getting their hair cut tlie old way say the new fashion is much the nicest." Beechwortli professors might pos sibly find it to their advantage to follow suit, particularly if the female artistes were young and pretty. Riverinv Distribution of Freehold Pro perties. — We publish in another portion of this issue an announcement of a grand distri bution of no less than 1'30 prizes in freehold property, situated in Rivcrina, and valued al together at over £12,000 sterling. The first prize is estimated to be worth £3000, anil it must be borne in mind that the share list posi tively closes on the 20tli July proximo. Mr J. W. Morton, of Ford- strcet, Beechworth, is the local agent for the sale of tickets. Criminal Assault. — On Friday, at the Wodonga Police Court, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., a Ohinaman named Ah Wah was charged with criminally assaulting two little girls named Elizabeth and Anne Oriel, at Middle Creek. Both children, according to the statsment of their parents, had undergone a medical examination, and both admitted that the accused had enticed them into his hut, and taken indecent liberties with them. It is stated that there are several other charges of a similar nature against the pri soner, who has been working in the neigh borhood for some time. Mr Inspector A. B. Smith, who prosecnted for the Crown, asked for a remand for seven days, which was granted by the Bench.' There were several small debt cases, in each of which a verdict was given for plaintiffs, with C03ts. Entertainment. — An entertainment took place at St George's Hall, Wangaratta, on Wednesday evening last, in aid of the funds of the local Athenaeum. The Wangaratta amateurs repeated their excellent perfor mance of Douglas J errold's, " The Rent Day," and it even went more smoothly than it did on its first representation, a detailed account of which appeared in this journal In a for mer issue. The farce of " The Babes in the Wood " pleased everybody. We were glad to notice a very excellent attendance. Impobtant Sale of Drapery, &c.;, at Wan garatta. — We draw particular attention to the sale by Mr A. Tone at Wangaratta on Thnrs- diy next of the whole of the valuable and extensive stock of Mr Hugh Cavanagh, of Murphy-street, comprising draperies, groceries, ironmongery, crockery, boots and shoes, and general stores, &e.; The opportunity is one not to be lost sight of, as the stock is in capital order, and the whole of it is to be cleared off positively without the slightest reserve. I.O.R.— A tea and public meeting in con-' conuecfcion with the Albion "Tent, No. 70, will be: held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, on Monday evening next. The meeting will be addressed by Mr Jno. Bedford, P.D.C.R., ofMel- bourne, and other gentleman, whilst . the pro ceedings will be enlivened by operatic- selec tions by a first-class band. The friends of temperance should muster strongly on the oc casion. Recreation Reserves. — The Government have granted the sum of 17s lOd in the £ from the vote for parks and gardens towards the improvements effected iu the Beechworth garden reserve, the racecourse, aud tho cricket ground. Host-office Savings Banks.— A notice from the Postmaster-General appears in our adver tising columns, pointing out the advantages afforded to perssns depositing money in the above banks. We cordially recommend to ail the benefits to be derived from adopting such- a courser— the odd shillings so pHfc away im perceptibly mount up to a convenient sum to draw upon when necessary, and gather interest, also. as regards children the habit should be encouraged; promoting to a certainty thrift and economy. Tenders for Tarrawingee Sludge Chan nel.— We notice that the North Ovens Shire Council invite tenders for the construction of a section of sludge channel, at Tarrawingee, such tenders to be sent iu on or before 12 o'clock noon on Monday, the 24th inst. It is gratifying to fiud that after all the years the imperative necessity for this work has been so fully perceived, and so many abortive attempt? have been made to carry it out, at last some piact'cil Dusiness foreshadows its commence ment. Finger-Posts. — We think the various local bodies of the district should take immediate action in erecting finger-posts, for the con venience of the public. Many a man gos3 miles out of his way, through not knowing the proper courBe to take, more especially commercial-travellers unaccustomed to the routes. Take, for instance, the cluster of roads at North Wangaratta, iu the vicinity of Mr H. S. Parfitt's residence ; roads there di verge in all directions — to Chiltern, Estcourc, » El Dorado, Beechworth, and Wauear -.tta, We only mention this as a particular example ; but there aro various parts of the district equally perplexing to travellers. The cost oi erecting these posts would not be much, and they roally would be a public benefit. Dr Beaney and the Sheriff.— Our reader are, doubtless, aware that at the last moment, and after Dr Beaney was actually on board the ll.H S.S. Siarn to take his passage home, a woman obtained a writ against him for money alleged to be due. The upshot of the affair is thus given by the Argus : -The writ of capias issued against Mr J. G. Beaney to compel him to give bail in answer to an action brought agaiust Jiirn by a woman named Emma Janseti was duly served by the sheriff's officer on Thursday last. Mr Beaney gave his cheque for £500 in favour of his solicitor, Mr Wyburn, and this being en dorsed by Mr J. S. Butters, who had also cone down by the Avoca, was accepted by the sheriff's officer, and Mr Beaney was left on board the .Si.nu to proceed on the voyage. Tender Accepted. — We notice that the Government have accepted the tender of JC Silas Porter, for repairs, painting. &c.;,at the Post and Telegraph Office,. Wangaratta, fol tho sum of £77. Supplementary Electoral Roll. — The list of names entitled to be on the above roll for the Beechwarth division, can now be ex amined thereon at the registrar's (Mr W. T« Soulby's) office, in Camp-street. It is oi importance that all those who lately took out rights, should see that their names duly appeal'. St. Joseph's School, Beechworth. — The second of the social dances in aid of the fand3 of the above school, will take place in tha Odd Fellows' Hall, on Monday evening, 24t3i instant. The last ball waa a most unqualified success in every respect, and ae the dances are well conducted, and the music supplied by the Forester's band of a high order of merit, there should be a large attendance. The late Mb Johnson Stephens.'— On Thursday,, on the motion of Mr Webb, the Supreme Court granted probate in the. will of the late Mr Johnson Stephens, of Wandili- gong, the amount being sworn at £2050, the execators being Messrs J. Nattall, of Bright, and T. Nankervis, of Beechworth. Mail Service.— The Postmaster-General of New South Wales has arranged a tri weekly mail service between Albnry and Howlong, via Chiltern. This will be a great convenience to the residents of these dis tricts, who huve suffered severely from tha want of proper mail accommodation. Parliament Houses, Melbourne. — The unsightly appearance of the ugly bluestone walls of the Houses of Legislature at the top of Great Bourke-street, which has for so mauy years been a disgrace and an eyesore to tha citizens of the metropolis, is at length, we aza happy to say, to be placed amongs; the tb''ng of the past, as the tender of Messr-1 Dalbiiige and Thomas for the erection of the fontribh tions of the new west front, for the sui# of £29,024 0s 91d has been accepted by the Go vernment. The English Mail. — The R.M.S.S. Assam was telegraphed as having arrived at King George's Sound, at 8.50, on Thursday morn ing, consequently we may look for her putting iu an appearance at Williamstown sometime on either Thursday night or Friday morning next, in which case letters and papers would reach this part of .the colony on Saturday night— too late for delivery in Beechworth on that day. Chiltern Police Court.— On Tuesday, before Mr Strickland and Mr Darvall, J.P.'st Ah Hang was brought up charged with stealing a watch and other articles from a room at the Star Hotel. ' Tommy, the cook at the Star, deposed that prisoner called on him aud stated lie was a storekeeper in Mel bourne, and that on the faith of such state ment he took prisoner into his bedroom to have a smoke. He afterwards discovered the articles were missing, and told Mr Peel, and the police. Prisoner was traced to Mount Pleasant and arrested with the stolen good3 in his possession. Prisoner pleaded that Tommy had given him the things to sell, which Tommy denied, and the bench rele gated prisoner to Beechworth Gaol for three months. James Hunter, of Barnawartha, was granted a hawker's license. Saddlery Business. — Wenotice that Mr J. Nut tall, of Bright, who has for many yea® past carried on his trade as saddler, &o.;, is that looality, is offering his business for sale, having made arrangements to remove to the metropolis. A Generous Action.— On the 22nd ult.a fire occurred on board the coal hulk Sampsoa, iu Hobson's Bay, and a number of the crew belonging to the Cerberus rendered valuable assistance in extinguishing it. Next day Messrs M'Meckan, Blackwood and Co., the agents, wrote to Capt. Mandeville, thanking him for the services rendered, and asking that they might be permitted to send some small remuneration to the men. Capt. Mandeville replied, pointing out that it was not the custom in the Royal navy for men-of-wara- men to expect pay for such work, and that he did not think the men of the colonial ship Cerberus expected money for doing their duty to the best of their ability. He how ever suggested that, as some public recogni tion of their services might be gratifying to them, a letter of thanks might be sent to be read on the quarter deck, and afterwards "placed up" on the lower deck. On this letter thanking the men was sent by Messrs M'Meckan, Blackwood and Co., who also enclosed a cheque for £25 to cover any loss that the men might have sustained through damage to their clothing iu putting out the fire; but, before allowing them to accept the money Capt. Mandeville deemed it proper to obtain the consent of the Treasurer. He also made inquiries among the men, and found it was their desire that if they were allowed to accept the gift it should be handed to the Melbourne Hospital- on condition that Capt. Mandeville should be made a life governor os. behalf of the crew of the Cerberus. The matter was brought under the notice of Mr Berry on Saturday, and he at once decided to allow the money to be accepted on the terms men tioned. — Age. Reprieved. — Commenting on the reprieve of the convict Heraghty, the Pleasant Creek News writes : — " In commuting the sentence passed upon the murderer Heraghty, the Governor-in-Conncil defrauded the gallows of its due. A. more brutalised scoundrel, or a more unmitigated cowardly fiend, was never tried by a jury of his countrymen and con victed of the gravest offence known to tha law. That, for the sake of gratifying a siokly sentimentality, the Government should have stepped iu, and advised His Excellenoy to exercise the prerogative of mercy, was in our humble judgment an unwarrantable and un fortunate interference with the ordinaiy course of law. It was defeating the ends of justice, and establishing a precedent that may yet work riiu'ch evil in our midst. It affords another instance of the extraordinary anoma lies that arise in connexion with the adminis tration of the criminal code of the colony. Here in Victoria we have innumerable in- stances ot wite desertion and wife beating, but wife murder happily is rare. We trust that the leniency exhibited towards Heraghty may not have the effect of encouraging this class of criminals, but certainly we should not be surprised if, with the example set by the Governor in Council, men of the Bill Sikes stamp were found to be largely on tHe increase in onr population. >.-i t Benalla Municipal Election. — Three of our old Councillors retire by effluxion of time iu August next, viz , Cr Roe, North Riding; Cr Little, South-east Riding ; and Cr Ryan, South- West. We are not aware that cither of tlie first- named will be opposed, but a rumour comes from Violet Town, that Mr Linard, who formerly represented the latter Riding, intends to oppose Lr Ryan — Ensign. —— The Hon. J. A. Wallace and improve jir.MTs in Copper Plates— The Hcndigo Independent says, '' It will be remembered that amang other tilings seen and described by Mr Thureau, after his return from Cali fornia, was that of plating the ordinary copper sheets with an electro coating of aiiver. No special notice, we are sorry to say was taken of the discoveiy — to us — at the time, and to lite discredit of Sandhurst capitalists and mining company directors, it was left to the lion J. A Wallace, of Beech worth, to communicate with Mr Thureau. and afterwards to give that gentleman in structions to make sufficient plates on the silver plated principle for one battery. These plate3 will be used in a crushing plant at Beechworth, belonging to tha great Ovens investor. Accordingly, Mr Thureau set about the work, and it is now about com pleted. The order for electro plating was given to Mr W. M Robertson, of View Place, and the work lias been faithfully and correctly done, us proved by tin inspection made yesterday afternoon. The plates can ne cotueu io any extent tiostretl with the silver. Those just done for Mr Wallace are in the proportion of 7s 6d per square foot, or say, an ounce and a half To explain the improved method of using these plates is very simple. Every mining manager knows that common plates require every half hour or so to be scraped ; in places they get what is called greasy ; and further, if left" alone for a time, copper, being one of tiie base metals, oxidises or, plainer, becomes covered with verdigris. Any of these defects will sicken the quick silver. Now the silver plating on the copper prevents such occurrences, tor it is a metal that will not rust, and has a most pronounced affinity for its fluid brother — mercury. Fur ther the effect of the two metals forming the plate is to act galvauically on the quicksilver, and keeps it always lively. Consequently there cannot be any " sickening," and the gold is thus more readily and surely taken into the mass of amalgam The silvered plates may now be seen at Mr Robertson's shop. Mr Wallace will probably publish the results obtained at his Beechworth battery, which there is no reason to doubt will be successful. In the mean ime, local mining managers and directors should give the mat ter thc-ir most serious attention." A Clever Capture.— Sergeant O'Shaugh- nassy, of the Brunswick police, being a passenger in plain clothes in the omnibus on Tuesday (says the Argus), notice 1 two men carrying weighty matter in bags, who got in near the University corner. Ilis professional eye was particularly attracted to the men, and from them to the bags, which on a care ful scrutiny appeared to have contents with rather sharp angles. He was induced to think that the bags contained tobacco in tended for prisoners in the stockade On arrival at the Brunswick stand his fellow passengers turned down a cross-street to wards the Merri Creek. The constable spoke to a man named Roche, askiug him to follow, in case he needed assistance. Coming up to his quarry, he said, ' Hulloa, boys, what have you got in the bags ?" Their reply satisfied Mm that they were lawful prey, anils prinaing forward he collared the two, who made a desperate resistance. Telling them he was a policeman, he passed one man over to Roche, and in a few moments succeeded in throwing the other. In the meantime Roche was engaged in a severe struggle with his man, who, being the stronger of the two, eluded his grasp, and bolted, followed for some little distance by Roche, with the cry- of " stop thief," but the fellow got clear away. The sergeant managed to secure his man after a very severe tussle, in which threats of being " stabbed" and " ripped up" were freely used. On the first search at the watchbouse no knife could be found on the prisoner, but at a sub sequent search a knife was found in a pocket that had previously been examined and found empty. In the bags carried by the prisoner and his comrade were found upwards of 3i)lb. of tobacco, besides tea and sugar, done up in parcels addressed to the various prisoners, with several sympathetic letters. The. pri soner was brought before the Brunswick Bench on Wednesday morning, and was re manded for a week, by which time it is likely the fellow who escaped may be secured. Packet Postage.— It has been found ex pedient to alter the regulation relating to the posting of packets. On and after the 1st July they will be received subject to the following conditions : — " Every packet must be sent either without a cover (in which case it must not be fastened, whether by means of gam, wafer, sealing-wax, postage stamp, or other wise), or in a cover entirely open at both ends, so as to admit of the contents being easily withdrawn for examination. For the greater security of its contents, the packet may be tied at the ends with string ; bat in such case the postmaster is authorised to cat the string, though if he do so, he must again tie up the packet as before." Grants fob Pabks and Gabdens.— The Gazelle gives the following information, under the hand of Mr Longmore, as to these grants : — Parks and gardens — 1. A sum not ex ceeding one ponnd shall be paid to the managing body of any public park or garden making claim on the vote for every one pound expended by it on the improvement of such park or garden, between the 1st January and 31st December, 1877, out of funds locally contributed. 2. The term "locally con tributed" shall be taken to mean the difference between the total expenditure in curred between the 1st January and the 31st December, 1877, and the Government subsidy received daring that period, or the balance of any subsidy prior thereto. 3. The foregoing clauses 1 and 2 shall not apply to parks and gardens within the limits of the city of Melbourne, nor to the Botanical Gar den of Geelong. Applications for shares in this grant, and aleo for agricultural and horti- onltural societies, should be sent in to the Minister of Agriculture before the 30th of June inst. Boeder Duties. — 'People residing ad- j acent to the Border, both in Victoria and South Australia, are getting tired and sick," says the Narracoorte Herald, " of the Border duties. The collection of these | vexations imposts has effectually shown how two com munities under the same regal authority can be veiy disagreeable. If there were Russians on one side and Turks on the other we could account for it ; but when there is not even any gain to be derived from their collection by either of the colonies, their reinforcement i s inexplicable. We are glad that the Com missioner of Public Works for South Aus tralia during bis late tour in this district noticed the absurdity of these duties. In ep lying to a dspu&t;'on at Kingston he said the Government were anxious to arrange with the Victorian Government to do away with these vexatious duties. He bad heard a great deal about them during liis visit, people having frequently to go 15 or 20 miles out of their way in order to pass through a particular portion of the district where these duties were collected. The only satisfactory solution of the difficulty is to sweep them them away altogether, and let one colony or the other pay an amount based on the receipts of the previous 12 months." Camping Place fob Packers. — A petition is now in conrse of signature asking that a reserve of 100a may be granted on the Gobnngra Plains for the use of paokers travelling to the Omeo. So long as that district has to depend for its supply of flour, mainly on what is brought over from Harriet- ville, anything tending to reduce the cost and trouble of transit must prove a boon to the community in general. We trust the petition will be favorably entertained and be productive Of the desired effect. Rica Quartz. — Mr Taylor, warden, of Castlemaine, reports to the Mining Depart ment that the prospecting mines about Taradale are improving. In Berry's Free- . hold a reef 9 in. tbick bas been struck, which is so rich that it is estimated it will yield lOOoz. to the ton. The United Extended bas \- struck payable ground; the United Kingdom is paying good dividends; and the battery of the Victoria Company is about completed. Mr Taylor thinks the district shows sighs of a healthy mining revival. Painfully Polite. — There is a man in the Albury district, writes the Border Post, whose politecess is getting painful. The other day, in writing a cheque on one of the local banks, he carefully inserted the word ' please" before " pay." Possibly he was not certain whether lie was overdrawn or not, and thought theadditional word would" fetch" the manager. Be that as it may, the cheque was cashed. I A Painful Operation. — Councillor Graham, of Euroa, is certainly a very unfortunate man in the way of casualties. A few months since his collar-bone was broken in two places and his shoulder dislocated, through being over turned from a trap by a shying horse, and he had scarcely recovered from this when he ran a hardwood splinter deeply under one of his finger-nails. The fle3h became poisoned, causing excruciating agony, aud it was feared tee finger must be amputated : baton raonday last Dr Nicholson, of Beualla, performed the prinful operation of splitting up the nail and finger to the middle joint, and cutting out the diseased portion. Tha gentleman attended his duties at the council-chamber afterwards, and although he was suffering very acutely, he piuckily sat out the meeting, in order to advocate some road- works much required in the riding he represents. — Benalla Ensign. Horse Food — Feeding cakes for horses are made by machinery at St. Petersburg on a large scale, more especially in times of scarcity of oats, or when active military operations increase the difficulties of trans port, as at nreseut . These cakes are prepared from ground oats and grey-pcameai, to winch a little hemp oil and salt has been added, and baked in thin biscuits about four inches in diameter, being previously perforated in numerous places, so as to facilitate the pro cess of softening them when required for use As many of these as go to make up a day's ration for a horeo are strung upon a wire directly they leave the oven, and as thus arranged are at once packed for trans port. Four pounds of biscuits a day is the ordinary allowance per horse, and is esti mated as equal to ten pounds of goods oats. Experiments made among the troops have shown that, though the horse gets somewhat slimmer than usual upon this dietary, their strength is in no way impaired, and they are equal to just the same amount of exertion as before. The biscuits can be given dry or soaked in water, the horse eating them with relish in either form. — English Farmer. 