-A Troublesome Ghost. Our Moamn correspondent, writing on Wednesday, sends us the following anonts " Tho Monma Ghost " Tho GhoBt " seems to bo the all-abBorbing topic jnst now at juoamn. aiio war news IB notning to it. " Havo you been cut to Beo tho ghost 1" inquires ono, " Have you heard the news of no less than thirty persons having seen tho ghost?" inquires another, 8o that pcoplo begin to think at last there must bo "something in it," and from the information to hand, and from what I have heard from the lips of the parties who say thoy have scon tho ghost, I gloantho following, which mny interest your readers : —About ton miles from Mouma, on tho east side of tho lino, stauds a dummy house. This honso has been occupied by a party of dam-sinkers and bark-ringers. These men nvor that about a fortnight ago thoy were disturbed by kuockiags on tho iron roof, and . that upon gotting up they saw the figure of a woman, when one among their numbor put tho question, "Whnt do you wont missus ?" to which tho figure replied that she had been murdered near that spot, and that the bones of herself and infant would bo found towards the end of the hnt, where thoy were placed fourteen years ago by Morgan, the bushranger, Ono of the party, who possessed a whip, made a strike at tbo figure, whioh did not move, The following day the news spread, , and tho next night a largo party assembled when the. apparition again mnde its appearance, and the whole of these persons swear most distinctly that they saw the figure of a woman, and nothing can indhco thorn to think otherwise, Last night a detachment of the Moama police, under the oommand of Sergeant Taughan, went out to seo if there was anything to bo seen, and thore is no donht if any person had been " playing larks" ho wonld have re ceived a little cold lead, Upon tho return of one of tbe police this morning I ascertained that while in the houso last night a terrific noise was mode on tho roof like tho soand of a heavy hammer, whereupon tbe party rashed out of the house, but could soe nothing. The noise was repeated soveral timeB, and many of tho party, amongst whom were men supposod to bo possessed of courage, seemed very glad on the approaoh of the grey dawn. The mystery, howovor, remains the same, and another party is to be organised, who, togethor with the police, in tend to go oat again and try and clear up the mystery. The men who were living in tho but havo left it to the ghost, nnd gone and camped near a dam. It seems remarkable that thirty men should become alarmed, and positively aver that that thore is something in it,— Biverine Herald, The ghcet on Sir John O'Shanassy' Moira Station Btill continues to excite much interest in Moama. There are many and varied rumors aflout regarding it, Oue is that it recently pulled a man out of the hut by the leg, although he clung with all the tenacity of despair to a comrade, the ghost ut last leaving the pair in a bed of thistles, Aparly went out to investigate tho matter the other day, under Sergeant Yaughan, but . nothing was seen of the apparition, which was probably afraid of good firenrmB, An explanation of tho mystery that is very generally considered to ho correct, is that a party of three men from Sandhurst recently went up and joined tho dwellers in the hut, Ono of the party is slightly ondowed with the powers of a ventriloquist, and also owns a pockot magic lantern, It is now said that ho has con fessed to using hiB voico so as to nsBume that of a woman, and that ho added to the delusion by dispensing a little soft light from tho lantern, This seems likely enough, for a groat feature of tho story was this nuiti'o intrepidity in speaking to the spirit ; and another was that tho gable ends of the hut Beamed to moot, which efft ot would apparently bo produced by tho rays of a magic lantern. Moreover, it was always noticeable that tho ghost disappeared when a match was struck, Tho spectre yas nhvny3 stated to point to a certain spot, and say its bones lay there. Acting on instructions from tho police, the man dng to a depth, of about three feot near tho spot iadictnted on Tuesday, nnd found thnt tho earth had cer tainly been disturbed at somo time, being softer nnd of a different color to tho sur rounding, but thiB was nil thnt was dis covered, Another expodition(the Kchacn Advertiser stateB) is to be formed to go out next Monday uight. 