Music and the Drama. Tho facts not otherwise Than here set down. BITEHIDAN RjfOWXSS. VICTORIA THEATRE.-Pressure of space lias compelled ut to defer till the present any notice of Air. Creswick's Falstaff, for the first time on any stage. His make up was excellent-: the portly figure, the clear, ruddy face, tho flowing beard, were ns natural as lifo. we should not have recognised tho actor without previous knowledge, for even his tones were quite different from those we have previously heard. From first to last his representation was a continued success, and every touch of humour was made to tell. His Falstnff was an arrant coward, a braggart, and a glutton, yet so jolly and so ready in his humour, that Prince Hal's iriendship for him wu s quito natural. Although Mr. Creswick has never tuken this part before, he is person ally familiar with the other characters-he has ucled ns Hot spur, aud, if we mistake not. as Prince Hal, and his Falstaff bears all the impress of long study and matured acting. It wns marked by all that finish of acting wh ch, nB wo have pointed out, Mr. Creswick manifests better in comedy than in tragedy. Not one look, not one .tone, could we have wished other than it was. There is an immeasurable distance between Mr. Creswick and the best of the actors who appear with him ; but his Falstaff would have lost half its power if it were not for tho very able support given him by Mr. H. N. Douglas as Prince Hal. lt gives us the more pleasure to speak in terms of warm commendation of this gentleman's neting, as wo havo had occasion more than once to criticise unfavorably his performances. In the Falstaff scenes he was full of vivacity. Mr. Carey had an exceedingly difficult partas Hotspur. His effort was appreciated by the audience, but it was decidedly jerky. OTHELLO.-No one who is really great in any depart ment of human activity can be continuously at his best, and it implies no disparagement of Mr. Creswick's splendid abilities to say that his Othello is by no means equal to his other Shakespearian impersonations. Stormy pasaions he power fully represents, and to do so strains to tho utmost his fina voice and physique; but the noble side of tba Moor's character is never brought out. A soldier of wild, half savage nature, moved deeply by love and jealousy, maddened by the intriguing insinuations of u friend, at length, ns the climax to his folly, inurdo-s his innocent wife, only to find out her perfect purity, aud then with the same wild passion puts an end to his own existence. Such is Mr. Creswick's Othello, which may excito admiration for the powers of the actor, but never of tho character he represents. Far higher delineations of Othello have been «1 ven, in which his unwil lingness to believe any ill of Desdemona ls long drawn out, una his conviction slowly und painfully completed,-in which his murder of .Desdemona appears almost in tho light of a mistaken sucrifico to false but current principles of honour,-tho conclusion of a course of conduct whereby lie has torn " his own heart strings " quito as much as he has wounded his fair young wife,-in which his own self-murder is partly tho atonement of his crime, und probably tho not unnatural resort of one " perplexed in tho extreme," of one that " loved not wisely but too well," of one" whoso hand threw a pearl uwuy richer than all his tribe." Mr. Creswick's Othello is intensely emotional, his sobs aro loud and frequent, but his strength and nobility of character aro lost in a confused vortex of strong passions. Iago is Shakespeare's tincstdollne ation of the human Mephistopheles,-working untold injury aiming those who surround him, moved by dis.ippolnted am bition, jealousy, a id self-seeking. In some passages Mr. Carey rises to the character, but he is not us successful in this as in more wai like roles. His gestures are singularly Inap propriate, and continually make tho audience laugh as though he were performing a comic part. Nothing could detract more from the general effect of tho pluy thun this. Mr. Douglass, aa Cassio, does justice to his part. Miss Ashton is a sweet and simple Desdemona, though exhibiting little tragic force ; and Miss Emma Austin declaimed somo of tho withering denunciations that fall from the lips of Emilia with considerable power. TUE THE ATE E ROYAL.-The Scott-Siddons arrangement came into force on Easter Monday, but owing to a previous arrangement of Mr. Lazar a three weeks' interval elapses before Mrs. Scott-Slddons makes her appearance. A grand burlesque. "Ivanhoe," was given us a holiday piece, with Mian Lydia Howarde os the reigning star. Poor î:ir Walter 8cott is almost done to death in this meroilcss travesty of one of his best productions; but tbe public was mightily amused, and the theatre filled. The bur lesque wnich nas s ucceeded ' . Ivanhoe," ' . Conrad and Medora," is ul th« same class, and has no claims to literary or dramatic merit. On Monday next Mrs. Scott-Siddons reappears in ".EtstLynne." andnccordlng to un excellent littlp speech which she manu ut tho conclusion of her benelit at the Queon's, sha will subsequently net in .'Measure for Measure," "'Mid summer's Nights Dream," "Comedy of Errors," "Oymbe line," &c.; ; also in some social comedies, and ono or two of the higher cluss sensational dramas. Mdlle. Chnrbounet's first concert took piuca at tho Masonic Hall, before a lashionable, large, and highly appreciative audience. The young artiste is a pupil of tho Jfaris Conserva toire, where she obtuined thclirst prize. Her studies on the plano were principally conducted by Mons. Lo Conppey, a veteran teacher of that institution, and who, perhaps, has turned out moro lino players thou any other European muster, She also practised under tho caro of Mdlle. Buchey, one of the cleverest plunistes in Paris ; while she studied harmony under Mons. Savnrd, also teacher of the Conserva toire, and has written a number of compositions of con slaerablo merit. Mdlle. Charbonnet played a scherzo, and an mídante and polonaise by Chopin, »nd selections from Hummel and Liszt. Hertouchnnd execu tion are excellent,and her conception sympathetic. Sho was generally recognised as a great addition to the musical pro fession of Sydney. She was ably suported by Mrs. Rosonberg, Herr Kretschnion, Signor Steffani, and Mons. Meillon. The Exhibition amusements have been both numerous and attractive. Marionettes, gymnast s, musicians, and singers have all contributed to tho entertainment of tho thousands who have visited the annual show. Miss Mattie Daniel's sing ing was particularly admired. At the Queen's Tneatre, the Georgias hare departed, giving place to Baker and Farron, who uppenr to bo as popularos ever. The Confederate Diorama holds its own at tho School of Arts ; and Mr. D'Arcy Read's Ghost still attracts fnir audi ences at the Guild Hall. 