Facsötia. When is a young lady very like a whale ?-When she's pouting. They who " pine " in their youth can never look " spruce " in old age. The New York communists recently paraded with a banner saying " Bread or Lead." If that's all they want they can step into Borne North river restaurant and get both in one. These fellows don't want any- thing containing yeast, an that is inclined to work. "Money," says the BOONE DEMOCRAT, "is the missing link between our subscribers and the editor." All hairpins look alike to men ; but let a wife go off on a visit for a month and come home and find a hair- pin near the door, and she can't wait a minute to grow red in the face. A young man said to Sophocles, "If you could coin all the silver in your hair, how rich, old man, you would be !" " Not half so rich as you would be, young man," answered Sophocles, " if you could only sell the brass in your face !" A little boy, hearing some remark that nothing was quicker than thought, said, "I know something that is quicker than thought." "What is it Johnny?" asked his pa. " Whistling," said Johnny. " When I was in school yesterday I whistled before I thought, and got licked for it, too." " Do you know," remarked a rather fast youth, the other day, to a stuttering friend, to whom he was slightly indebted, " do you know that I intend to marry and settle down?" "I do-don't know anything about it," was the reply, " bu-but I think you had better stay single and set-settle up." A physician who recently conducted the post mor- tem examination in a case of infanticide reported that he was " unable to discover whether the child was alive or not at the time of its death." This is probably the same doctor who recently advertised that he had removed " from the place where he now resides." A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the public-house by employing her brother to aot the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. " Wha are you?" said the guidman, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. " I am Auld Nick," wa» the reply. "Come awa', man," said John, nothing daunted ; " gie'ß a shake o' your hand-I am married tae a sister o yours." A story is told of a dashing colonel quartered in Brussels, which speaks more for the honesty and scrupulous obedience to orders than the brightness of his servant. The colonel, who was engaged out to dinner, just as he was leaving home was Beized with such a violent toothache that he was obliged to send an excuse. "Take this note to Madame W., and bring me my dinner." The man delivered the note into the lady's hand, and to her surprise showed no signs of going away. On being asked what he was waiting for, he answered that he was to take back the colonel's din- ner. The lady saw through his blunder, ordered the dinner to be sent, and added a half-bottle of cham- pagne to be served at dessert. Laden with saucepans, the worthy man returned, and proceeded to wait on his master, who found hiB dinner so much better than he usually got from the restaurant that he forgot his ailments and enjoyed the dishes one after another. At last came the champagne, and that necessarily led to an explanation. Tho poor colonel was in despair ; after a moment's reflection he gave his man ten francs and told him to buy a bouquet and take it with his compliments to Madame W. By-and-by he came back, and gravely placed ten francB on the table. " VVhat does that mean ? Where does that come from?" "From Madame W.," answered the .man, with evident satisfaction; "Bhe paid for the bouquet." On receiving it Bhe had given him five francs for him- self ¡ but he, careful of hia master's interests, had replied, "It is not five francs- it's ten francs," and brought them back. The colonel has taken to his bed, and the story has got about, much to the amusement of hia fellow officers, The lady is a widow, 