Chapter XLIX.—Mrs. Piper's Day. "I am not surprised," said Miss Coyney, when she was informed that Beatrix Hare field had gone away, and there was to be no wedding. " That unhappy young wo man's guilty conscience has driven her away. A just punishment for Sir Kenricb. Of course he was going to many her for her money. He knows as,well as I do that she poisoned her father." — ; ' The wedding was to have been strictly private—altogether different from the im posing ceremonial that had made Bella Scratchell the second Mrs. Piper. There were no guests to he put off at the last moment; there was no confusion any where ; hut there was a great deal of talk in Little Yafford when it became generally known through Mrs. Pomfret, the' pew opener, that Sir Kenrick's marriage was not to he. There were various theories as to Bea trix Harefield's motive for her extraordi nary conduct. "Guilty conscience," said Miss Coyney and her party. " A prior at- . tachment," said the more charitably in clined. f'The girl must be wrong in her head,"' said the matter-of-fact matrons and middle-aged husbands, who could not un derstand the fits and starts of passion. Perhaps in-all the neighborhood there was only one"'person—except the rival cousins themselves—who''guessed the real cause of Miss Harefield's flight. That'per son was Mrs. Piper. She knew how deeply Beatrix had loved Cyril, and it hardly 'surprised her that, at the last moment, she should refuse to consummate a loveless bond. It might have been happier for me if I h^d run away," thought Bella, looking rqund her apple-green dressing-room, with aljl the gew-gaws Mi*. Piper's generosity had "heaped upon her; "yet any other life than this would be almost unbearable now." • • iTinae went on, Kenrick returned to India .leaving his honor in Mr. Dulcimer;s hands. Mass Harefield's money was to be paid back, add without loss of time. Kenrick's lawyers and Mr. Dulcimer were to arrange-the mat ter between them—somehow ; but it must bej dene. On that point Sir' Kenrick was . firmly resolved. SThe lawyers were as slow as most of their ,crkft;and saw no reason why such a busi ness as this should. be precipitated..JMr.. .Dulcimer ■jvas the last man to hasten tip movements of the'lawyers. _ Ila^ppy in hp world of shadows—now digging out the forgotten temples of Nineveh ana Babylon —anon wandering with the Lost Tribes, of Israel—he was apt to let the actual busij ness,of life slip out of his mind altogether. Mrs; Dulcimer had to'remind him of every thing—to tell him what bills he. ought to pay—what people he ought to visit—all the details of his 'quiet life. Now,', Mrs'. Dulcimer was hot disposed to remind her husband of Kenrick's desire to refund Miss Harefield's fifty thousand pounds. She hoped that Eenrick might, by fair means or foul, be made to keep the money. He had been'cruelly wronged! The least atone ment that could be made to hiin was the liberation of his, estate from its old bur dens. ' Thus argued Mrs. Dulcimer, while Eenrick was busy fighting the Burmese. • Before the bleak winds of March had ceased to blow their keenest across the wide waste of withered heather and sandy barrenness—before the last of the daffodils had faded in Mrs. Pomfret's neat garden, Cyril Culverhouse-had come back .to his old pface at Little Yafford. He had done good work at Bridford, but the work-had beeii too much for him. He could n6't be content to do half the work wanted and leave the rest un done. Another man in his position would have been easy in his conscience after doing a quarter of'the good that Cyril had done in .that crowded-lazarhouse—but the know | ledge, of unconquerable evils, of cures only i half'.wrought, weighed upon' Cyril's spirits i like an ever present, night-mare. He could not. sleep, for the thought of the evils round i about - him.—the ' rampant iniquities—the ! selfishness of the rich—the godlessuess. of ■ the poor. - His health broke down under the | burden. This time it was no-fierce attack ' of fever—no brain sickness and delirium.— ; but his strength went' down like the sand iin a glass when the hour is nearly done— ■appetite failed—the power of sleep left him —and Dr. Boiling told him, in plainest :terms, that if he wished to go on living he must leave Bridford. : Brought face to face with this solemn •question of life or death, Cyril discovered that existence was not altogether worth= less. He, who a little.time agohad courted death, had how ho r desire to die. There were mysteries that' lie wanted to. solve in 'this life hefore.he went to investigate the awful mystery beyond it. He . wanted to stand face to face with Beatrix Harefield 'once more. He wanted to know whether it was indeed for love of him she had jilted his cousin at the last moment. He wanted ;to find some stronger proof of her inno cence than the sudden conviction that had flashed into his mind when he looked into her steadfast eyes, and saw scorn of . his weak doubts, fondest love for himself at war in her soul. While he lived there was always a chance—however remote— ;of his discovering the truth. While he lived there was always a possibility that Beatrix and he might meet. She was not his cousin's wife. Fate had spared him that last bitterness. He could think of her without sin. • So he came hack to Little Yafford, to. his old rooms, his old friends, his old ways,, and the old-hard working life which" seemed so easy after the vain endeavor to cleanse that Augean stable, an overcrowded manu facturing town. - • : " I never feel as if I had too much work to. do so long as it is work that can be done," he said to the gentle Yicar. " To grapple with impossibilities and feel oneself being daily worsted! That is the trial." There were two of his parishioners at Bridford whom Cyril could not he content to leave behind him. Those were Emmanuel Joyce and his mother. Emmanuel's grati tude for the man who had risked his life to Save him had done what argument and teaching might never have accomplished. Emmanuel was now a conscientious con forming Christian. He believed as the lepers believed, because he had been saved. The conduct of one Christian man opened his heart to receive the sublime mystery of a Redeemer who was more than man. He went to the altar without one lurking doubt. He made himself like a little child, and confessed that all the learning he had been so proud of was nothing when weighed against his friend and teacher's one act of Christian self abnegation. • " What was I that you should sacrifice yourself for me ?" he said. " Wheu a man can he so generous I will no longer refuse to believe that God can suffer and die for sinners." ■ • "I -would have you believe upon better grounds than any friendly act of mine," said Cyril. "I have been face to face with death. Men learn strange things on their death beds. A death-bed repentance may be a poor thing, but a death-bed revelation may compass what a life of study could not do." And then Emmanuel, being by nature an enthusiast, talked wildly of the visions of his bed of pain—the cloud-curtain that had been lifted up from the invisible world— the wonders that he had seen and heard in that mysterious border laud between life and death. , ■ Cyril asked no more than a simple un questioning belief. It was with a. thrill of joy that he saw Emmanuel; kneeling before the altar rails, meekly lifting up his hands to receive the sacred symbols of Divine love. Could he leave his convert behind him in the fever tainted alley, where the sweet summer-tide was ever the harbinger of death ? No. He made up his mind that Emmanuel and his mother should go with him. '"I am doubtful whether you would be able to live at Little Yafford by shoe mending," he said, when he discussed the question with Joyce and the widow, " but if I could get the schoolmaster a better berth somewhere else I am sure you could manage the school, with a little help from me at the beginning." Oh, sir, it would be the very thing for him," cried Mrs. Joyce. " His father began life as a parish schoolmaster, and he gave Emmanuel a good plain education. He was very severe with the poor lad, but that was ; partly in his anxiety to make him a tho rough scholar. I don't think there's any > one could beat my boy in arithmetic or Bible History. I'm sure he could teach. You'd like to teach, wouldn't you, Emmanuel ?" "John Milton was a schoolmaster," said Joyce, with his face all aglow. "I should like it of all things—if you think I could do it, Mr. Culverhouse." As for book learning," cried the widow, " I don't think there's one in a thousand— no, not even among the gentlefolks—has 1 read as much as my Emmanuel." A wide range. of reading- would hardly be required—though every teacher, must he the better for it," said Cyril, smiling. " But I know that Emmanuel has . been' well grounded in a plain English education, and that he now thinks, rightly .upon religious questions, so I. fancy he might teach well in our parish school. Of course, the first thing to be done is to get a better place for the present man, who is a, very good master." Cyril did not add, as he might have done, that the present schoolmaster's merits were chiefly his work. He had taken infinite pains to teach the teacher as weir a,s the pupils. ' . ' , ' . - Before Cyril had;been; at Little. Yafford a month he contrived to get the 'school mastertransferred to'-a more profitable situation forty miles away, and, to get Emanuel Joyce accepted as master upon probation. He was to do the work for a quarter without remuneration; and if he succeeded in pleasing the Vicar and Church wardens, was to be; engaged -at the end "of that-time, at the handsome, stipend of five and thirty .pounds a year, with a Cottage adjoiningrthe school, arid an allowance of coals and- candles. This in Yorkshire twenty years, ago was to be passing rich. It is hardly possible .to conceive greater happiness than that of Mrs. Joyce and her son when they came-to take'possession, of their cottage at Little Yafford. The rustic, '.beauty of tne village, the grandeur of the ' ■moor, wheregolden- patches of furze blossoms^ blazed here and there- upon the dull purple ground, the blue river winding: capriciously through "the ' valley,; the dark pine.branches, gently swaying in the April breeze, the gardens bright with spring flowers,^ the- silvery blackthorn in. the hedges, the primroses and dog1 violets, the scattered houses, all. more or less pic | tiiresque of aspect, the sloping meadows, j and orchards full of pear blossom—all these things, to people who had lived in one of . | the most loathesoxne corners of a manufac turing town, were as a revelation of an, earthly paradise. Could heaven itself be sweeter or fairer P Could death ever enter. hep ? Mrs. Joyce wondered. Was there anv cofiin-maker in. that peaceful village.? Tlie thread of life, spun gently in this fair ttariquillity, must surely run on forever. W tat should snap it ? The four-roomed, cottage seemed to the Joyces the most luxurious mansion. Four rooms ! What could they two possibly do with such a world of space. There would ibe, room enough for ghosts in the unused iclrambers." And then Mrs. Joyce reminded her.| son how, before illness crippled his father, and brought poverty and. trouble, ,they had lived in a four-roomed house just, like -jthis, with a scullery- at the back of the kitchen, which might be accounted a fifth room, arid a little yard where they were jable to grow scarlet runners. "It is like old times, Emmanuel, when your father was earning his five and thirty shillings a week," said Mrs. Joyce, "and my house was the neatest and brightest in Saville's buildings." " Wherever you lived, mother, the place would be neat and bright," said her son admiringly. ,They"went out to explore the garden, enraptured with everything. -It was quite7 an extensive garden, nearly a quarter of an acre. There' were -potatqes, and, apple trees, and gooseberry and currant bushes, and roses in abundance. And there was room for scarlet runners, as Mrs. Joyce ex claimed delightedly. A scarlet runner is the chief of vegetables in the estimation of the poor. That homely, useful bean will grow anywhere, and it is a thing of beauty wherever it grows. • "We might even try some vegetable marrows, Emmanuel," said the widow. " They would look so pretty behind the rose bushes in summer time." Emmanuel began h.is work next day, after a long conversation with Mi*. Culver house over night. Cyril was going to allow him ten shillings a week during this time of probation. It was very little, perhaps, but the frugal widow could manage to make it serve, and it was a great deal for Cyril to give out of his small means. - Before a week was ended everybody con cerned was agreed that Emmanuel would do. The children liked their new master. There was something in his quiet manner which won both liking and respect. It was thought that he knew a great deal. He had taken the trouble to explain things to his pupils. He had enlarged upon the meagre history of England, in .which the kings ana.Heroes, politicians ana cnarcti men were the merest shadows, and had told the hoys of the greatness and power that had been in their land since Alfred the Saxon kindled the light of letters in a barbarous country. The more intelligent of the boys were delighted with him—even the stupid ones brightened under his tuition. He was so keenly interested in his work. The pupils could hardly find their lessons a burden when the master took so much pleasure in them. On Sunday he sat at the end of the church, with his pupils ranged before him, 011 a row of benches beside the organ. He kept them in wonderful order, and the occasional dropping, of marbles and attacks of spasmodic coughing which had been apt to disturb the congregation under the rule of Emmanuel's predecessor were no longer heard. Cyril was delighted at the success of his scheme; • The Vicar and Churchwardens did not wait for three months of probation to come to an end before they expressed their satisfaction. •At Midsummer,, Em manuel Joyce was formally, appointed schoolmaster, and his salary began from that' time. The sehoolhouse was beautifully' kept by Mrs. J oyce, the cottage and garden were a picture of neatness, unsurpassed by any house or garden in Little Yafford. Cyril had the deep delight of knowing that he had made two people happy.. His own life went on very quietly all this time. He was certainly happier at Little Yafford than he ever could have been at Bridford. He had plenty to do, and his work was successful. He saw the church crowded on a Sunday eveni2ig, and knew that people came from far and wide to hear him preach. Had he been vain of his power as a preacher his vanity might have been fully satisfied. The week day services were well attended. The people led'better lives than when he had first. come among them. There was less drunkenness, there, were fewer brawls. Over the young people hi3 influence was all potent. He gave a more intellectual tone to their lives. He had opened a reading-room which was now a self-supporting and self-governing institu tion) but its committee always, looked to him for advice in the choice of books. . ' He saw a good deal of the-Dulcimers-in hiscoccasional f leisure hours,' and with the kind and genial Vicar he was always happy. Thekeenest pang that he felt in all his sad memories. of the. past was when he passed the, Water; House, and -saw its darkened .windows, and remembered that she who should! have reigned there as. a centre of light and. happiness was -a wanderer none knew where, her fair fame overshadowed, her youthblighted* v < . He called once in; a way on Mrs. Piper, of the Park, :not often, for the thought of Bella had .never been-. entirely, agreeable to him after that conversation with Mrs. Dul cimer, in which he had, in a manner, found himself accused of having misled the young lady—or at any rate the young lady's friends —as to his intentions.. Now that she was married he; had certainly no need'to _be uneasy on that score; hut the recollection wSs an uncomfortable one, and he had a feeling about Mrs. Piper much too near dislike to be altogether Christian. . . T Bella, in all the fulness of her new. powers, was not a person to be easily kept at a.distance. She wanted captives at her chariot wheels to make her triumph com plete, and she was particularly anxious that Cyril Culverhouse,_who,~; according to her own idea, had. scorned her in her poverty, should see and wonder at her splendor and elegance. She pestered him .with in vita-, tions, all' of which he found it, impossible tO decline without ma.rked;discourtesy, more especially as Mr. and Mrs. Piper were regu . lar worshippers at. the parish church and liberal subscribers' to .all local charities.-. . Bella had taken it: into her ihead to re ceive her friends upon one particular day of ; the week. It was quite a new thing in , Little Yafford—except for such a person ■ as Lady Jane Gowry, who was a privileged i eccentric—and had rather a foreign flavor, i At the beginning of this institution visitors were slow to arrive, and Bella found, it ' rather a dull business to sit waiting for them, looking her loveliest in a1 dress just arrived from Paris, but with nobody but Mr. Piper to look at her. ^ You look uncommonly pretty, my dear," : said that devoted husband, walking up and' ■ down his blue and gold drawing- room as restlessly as a polar bear in his cage, "but I can't say I hold with this new style of visifing. If you was to ask people to a jolly good dinner, they'd be sure to.come; i if you asked 'em to a friendly tea I dare say 1 they'd come, though they might think it ilow. ' But you send 'em your pasteboard ■with / Mrs. Piper, Thursdays, at'home from ; four to six,' and I'll lay they don't know what to make of it." "■ It's- quite the right thing, Mr.- Piper. In London everybody of any importance does it. - And here where the distances people have to come are so much longer it is still more convenient.". * "Then I suppose you're not oE any im portance, my dear," said the provoking Mr. 'Piper, " for you see nobody comes." " How can you say so, Mr. Piper," cried Bella, reddening with anger at this -ob noxious truth. "Miss Coyney came last Thursday.". ' " " Yes, and the Thursday before that, and ithe Thursday before that again.: That-old lady will come anywhere for the sake of a 'dish of scandal and a cup of strong tea." i " And Mrs; Dulcimer comes." "Yes, I believe she has been once," said Mr. Piper. And.then, anxious to chase the thunder cloud from his young wife's stormy brow, he added hastily, " Never mind, my lass. You'll have a visitor this afternoon. I met Chumney this morning when I was in Great Yafford, and I asked him to drop in at five and pay his respects to you, and eat his chop with me at seven." "What!" cried Bella. "You have in vited that vulgarian, your old cashier. Mr. Piper, I am ashamed of you. You have hot a particle of self-respect." " Why, what's amiss with Chumney ? The* most . faithful servant a man ever had. Why should I cast him off because I've got a pretty young wife. The first Mrs. P. never made any objection to Chum ney. She never said a word about the difference in the butcher's bill, let me bring him home as often as I might. Why should you object to him ?" "I don't object to him, as a faithful servant; but let him be kept in a servant's place. Why bring him home here—a man who eats peas with his knife—and bites his bread—and is always- talking of the time when you were in trade. Can't you see that I am trying to raise the tone of your surroundings——" • " The tone be blowed," muttered . Mr. Piv-AV. ' ' " That I want to get you recognised by the county people—that I want to force you into the best society in the neighbor hood. You must know this, and yet you bring Chumney to spoil everything. He •was at our last dinner party." "Well, he did no harm," growled Mr. Piper, waxing savage. "He was an eyesore. He was a blot upon the whole thing. Do you think I shall ever rise above your Wigzells, and your PorkmanB, while you weigh me down with Mr. Chumney." "My Wigzells and my Porkmans are a deal pleasanter than the stuck up lot you've contrived to bring about me," retorted Mr. Piper. " Apack of shabby genteel lawyers, and parsons, and half-pay captains, that eat up my substance. and. stare me. out of countenance as "if I was waxwork—and never offer me bite* nor sup. in return. I despise such; half-and-half gentry. I'd as soon put electroplated goods on my table as sit them down to it. And as for the county," cried Mr.* Piper, snapping his fingers derisively, " the county won't have cut, shuffle, or deal with us, and wouldn't, no, not if you were to put your eyes out 'upon sticks.". This horrible expression which Mr. Piper sometimes used when he was in a passion overcame Bella. She began to cry, and murmured meekly that she wouldn't so much mind Mr. Chumney coming if it was not her "day." . " Your day," cried Mr. Piper, growing bold in his scorn. " Your day be hanged! Nobody.comes on your day. You might as well call it Queen Elizabeth's day, or Nebu chadnezzar's day. You've laid yourself out to know a parcel of arrogant people that don't want to know you, and you've turned up your nose" at people that give three hundred guineas for a pair of horses, and live in handsome houses of;their own build ing, and brag about the- money they have earned with their own industry, instead of bragging about their great grandfathers. YjOU .want to keep company with the Tudors and the Plantagenets. Nothing less than that will satisfy you. But . they , won t have you, and if you want any onP to admire your fine clothes and eat your fine dinners: you'dabetter be con'-ent with my friends." . ' Mr. Ghumney's arrival brought the con versation to an abrupt finish. He was A long lean man, with iron gray hair and whiskers, thick black: eyebrows, and an in telligent . expression which atoned in some measure for bis gaunt'Ugliness. He loved Ebenezer Piper with the affec tion of a faithful dog that has never known but one master, and with regard to all the rest of the world he was strictly misan thropic. : He was not a scandalmonger, like Miss Goyney.j He' generally: thought the worst i of people, but he always kept his thoughts to himself; , He.believed every business man, except Mr. Piper, an innate rogue and on the verge of insolvency, but he gave no expression to his doubts. . He was not a lively companion, so far as con-jr versation goesj but he; was.au accomplished listener; he had the art of looking .ineffably* Wise, and of appearing to be able to give an immense deal of information if he had not preferred to withhold it. He was like. LordL Thurlow. Nobody ever could have been so wise as Samuel Chumney looked. r From the hour she became acquainted with Mr. Chumney, Bella; had hated him* She. did not know why.;. It might hava been his eyebrows, it might have been'hist vulgarity., For Some, undiscovered reason he was more obnoxious to her than any: creature she had. ever met. She thought him clever, and she had a.lurking idea that he was able to ;read her as easily as he' would read a book. She fancied that he: knew everything that was passing in her mind—that he was perfectly familiar witk> her motive for marrying his old employer— that he had w.eighed.and measured her till: he was master of her most secret thoughts.! She lectured her husband for his cultivation of Chumney; but she was wonderfully polite to Mr. Ghumney himself. She feared i him top much to be discourteous to him. r (To be continued.) . ■> 