> ' T H- E P H A N T 0 M MINE R. ' ) ( - (jAjiory pf the old gold digging ays.) , , ,. . . 'iTBLii you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, - a Kale old ' I gentleman of, 70 years. "Well, I will relate a peculiar affair that happened on Tallmans'Gully/ in 1859. ' J -r-YSTe' were aU attention, and listened to tke- very remark-- able narrative he related in the following manner : I I // '\T 7- '1 Anyaarl r« vr nnr»1r hVlH-fc I UTIQ. \ ' , XOU lUUaU.iLUUWi - --- . k four mates were living in a tent on tbe banks oi tne ( fiver — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ' yve were most unfortunate, only finding sulficicnt gold to k keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday s work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were I pvery night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, chnk , of a pick, about fifty yards from, our canvas home. Tms confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did ! not cease until the break of day. One night we were determined to see who it was ; so we sallied forth in the bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel I shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an old claim' which had been deserted for many years. I was chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger; I but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's clothes was'MO lining man, hut a sluilctonP I 5 " Uncle Ned 1" we all cried, " how fearful." . "One night, our tent. was visited by a handsome, well- ' tb-do looking., man, of about fifty years of age, who ) enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. He told us that in '51 he and a mate of his deserted from ' one of Her Majesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans ) gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few - months, when the new comer went dowu to Melbourne to ' see about-some letters. Before he went, he said to his mate, ' Bob, /whatever yoii fioi never stop working. . the claim for 'a day until I come back.' Bob promised, and they parted. i J ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- \ diggef; ' arid'thcre was arrested as a deserter, aiid sent on board; arid ii'ow that I have obtained mj' discharge, I . ' have ihastenojl up here .to find my old chum.' ' You will I spe him tpijuight,' I said ; ' hut you'll find him very much claanged.'--- At midnight, the everlasting clink .of the ' phantom's pick was heard, and we all turned out. 'Ah 1 I cried the -sailor, 'there's dear old Bob. Bob, here lain back. .Boh, speak to me.' He ran to the figure, which ' turned its hideous face oil him-. With a loud-'shriek the seeker fell senseless on the ground. .The. .'ghost' -threw down its pick, and vanished. . In the morning wc discovered the poor sailor a ravirig iuriatici"' ' - " . " Oh, uncle Ned, what ti fearful story.-'i . .; , " Well, you. askedrme to. tell you and I have done-'sb?' j / T / ;.) .IV i j. . i':' ' ' " Then, it is not true ? '1 . . " Well, saict quf 'uncle; iriri'ghing, " it;is as truc"ia3 many I of the' ahsufd yarhs that'got about duririg- the raging of the gold fever; ' Ah, 'those were- strange days, when men would undergo anyAmourit of prlvatioa'fbr a few ounces ) of gold. - -How different it is now; for should a man be pushei-for. aJlarge be. small -amburit all that he has to do is to have .an interview with v : ) ' DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street east, "Who has from sES' t'o IB 10,000' to lend on notes of hand, bills I of sale (with. ;or Avithorit' security), salary orders, life )i policies';:c'ertificates,.'deeds, bill of. lading, legacies, goods, / merch.andise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- | sons may be entittedbtolfffim England; and' elsewhere, etc., y repayable to suit -the convenience bf borrowers. C / Bills discounted, dailyj at fbfi lowest. rate of interest, and f mortgages from 6 per cent. 