A SLEEPLESS NIGHT. A SOLEMN Al'PKAL TO THE UNSAVED. A. SEIIMOÎI BY D». TAWfAGE, On that night could not tho Icing aleen. ESTHER vi. 1. Three perBons seated at a table in a Persian palace, Ahasuerus, grander in stature and mora beautiful ic feature than any man in ali his army of two millions three hundred and seventeen thousand mon. Esther, the belle of tho empire, the most attractive woman ol alFthe nation brought together in a group, and she Bclected out of the group, pre-eminently attractive. Haman, who was primo minister or secretary of state, the Bismarck of tho realm, standing next to the king. It is a private party in the queen's parlours. You may get some idea of tho bill of fare when I tell you that the whole empire was tributary to that table. What rare meat of bird, and fish, and quadruped Î What rare fruit of raisin, and fig, and pomegranate, and apples of gold in caskets of silver ! "What raro wines, smacking of the sunshine of Arabia and Syria ! The upholstery looking ns if it had been dyed in rising and setting suns. Tho furniture of the room and tablo most peculiar, each chair,- and lounge, and cup, and tankard, and spoon, of an independent pattern, drawn out by tho artists of tho king. Tho floor looking like a fallen rainbow. Clouds of curtains hovering amid marble and statuary. The music of a full baud ming- ling with the laughter of Minnehaha, or tho voice of falling waters. But now the sun strikes aslant through the queen's banqueting hall, and acros3 tho rinds and peelings of the grapo clusters, and the slush of tho spilled wine, and thc intoxicated cheeks of the blear-eyed banquet ors, AhasueruB rises to dopart. The officers of the palace appear as his escort ; with blundering and staggering step ho gets into the sedan, and is carriod to his canopied couch, and retires for the night. Come in, O sleep ! through the window-hangings of Tyriau purple, and put your soft feet on the king's eyelids. Wait upon him, sweet dreams ! Kiss him, breath of frankincense and .rosemary ! There ho is, thc owner of all tho world that is worth owning, from India to Ethiopia ! Let tho chamberlains draw tho curtain around this son of fortune. Let the lights be lowered.; let the sentries outside tho door stop their pacing j let everything be silent ; the officers of the guard out eido give their orders in a whisper. Night in Shu ehan; night in all tho laud; night in tho palace. Standing outside the sleeping apartment of tho king, I hear first a cough, thon a groan, then the turning over on tho imperial couch, and last of all .the king, saying: "Lot the officer of the guard bring me the book of the record of tho chronicles, and read to mo. I can't sleep." Sleep for tho scullions in the king's kitchen, and for the pages who run on his errands ; sleep for the gate-keepers of the imperial park, and for the grooms who polish the smooth coats of the horses in tho royal mews; but no sleep for their master. "On that night could not thc king sleep." You see that sleep ia a mixture mndo by God's own finger. Wo aro told that HE KEEPS IN HEAVEN A BOTTLE In which Ile gathers all tho tears of His children, and after a while those tears are changed into pearls for crowns, and then tho bottlo ÍB empty. Methinks God puts into that bottle a few drops of quiet, a few drops of forgetfulness, and a few drops of restoration, min- gles them together, then dips His finger into tho mix- ture, and bathes UH into now lifo and invigoration, O heaven-descended sleep! May God give us eight hours of it ont of every twenty-four. Better be in a hovel with sleep than in the Tailleries without it. But Ahasnerus cannot get one drop of that, mixture. What is iii-- mutter ? " Why," you say, " it is indi- gestion. -UM has been gormandising, and now he is only paying thc penalty." Oh, no! He had taken enough wine to counteract that. That would not have hindered yoi; from hearing his drunken snore outside the palace. What was tho matter ? lie lies down upon his back, trying in that way to soothe his pulses ; but no sleep. He turns over on his riglxt side ; but no sleep. Then ho counts tho shadows on the wall, hoping to put himself in a somnolent state ; but no sleep. " On that night could not the king sleep." There may have been three or four reasons for this fidget and restlessness. Ono was the care of kingdom. A "United States' president, a British queen, a'Russian czar, have no caro compared with this Ahasuerus. He haB one hundred and twentv-seven provinces, not bound together hy telegraphic wires or railroad tracts. Any moment that empire might bo disintegrated; so lie cannot sleep. Besides that, he is ambitious, and he IB going to make a conquest. If you knew, that to- morrow morning you would mako twenty, thousand dollars or [one hundred thousand dollars, you would not sleep to-night. Three or four times you would be up.in the night, striking a match to see if it was not towards morning. And here this Ahasuerus cannot aloop, because he is goinpc to conquer Greece. Ho is going to rally au army of eighty thousand horse and one million Reven hundred thousand foot, and ho is going to have four thousand two hundred ships. The queen of Mithridates had a blue band on her forehead, allowing that she; was queen of tho realm ; but one day that baud slipped from her forehead under her chin, and strangled ner life out. And BO it is with the ambitious of this world ; they load n, soul not so much to glory as lo death. Ho had raging passions, tliis man Ahasuerus, that would not ltvt him sleep. Be Bidés that, his conscience troubled him. It spurned the pillow. No chloral, no extract of poppy, no mor- phine eau cut a man lo sleep when his conscience rasps him. What had Ahasuerus been doing? Doing? Why, when Vashti, his first wife, refused to display her beauty beforo an obscene and adultérons orowd of princes, he hurled her, weeping and exiled, down tho palace Btairs, and divorced her for aothiug but her virtues. His appetite waa his god, and he flung con- tempt in tho face of heaven. Ile hid turned his palace into a foul seraglio, and debauched the empire with his uncleanness. He had decreed the massacre of the whole Jewish nation, saying: "Wherever you inda Jew, kill him." Oi'courso HE COULD NOT SLEEP ! Could you have slept under auch circumotances ? Oh, there is nothing like nu avowed conscience to keep a man awake when he wkuts to sleep: Thoro was a ruler who ono morning was found with his sword cut- ting a nest of swallows to pieces. Somebody came up fcnoBaid, "Why do you cub that noBt of swallows to pieces?" " Why," he replied, " those swallows keep laying that I murdered my father." Tho fact was, that the man had committed the crime, aud hia con- science, by divino ventriloquism, was speaking out of that birder nest. No, Ahasuerus amid nob sleep. The moro he tried to sleep, tho widor he got awake. All around about his pillow the past came, There, iu the darkness, stood Vashti, wan and wasted in banish- ment. There stood the princes whom he had despoiled hy his evil example. There were the representatives of the homes he had blasted by his infamous demand that the brightest be sent to his palace ; broken- hearted parents crying, "Give me back my child, thou vulturous BOUI." The outrages of the past flit- ting along the wall, swinging from the tassels, crouch- ing in tho corner, groaning under the pillow, Betting their heels on his consuming brain, and crying, " Get up ! This ia the verge of hell ! Ko sleep ! No sleep !" Are there not some here who have occasionally passed sleepless nightB ? Wh at waa the reason ? Was it sickness ? Was it overwork? Was it bereavement ? Was it the unrepented sins of yourpaat life that came about your pillow ? Was it trouble 1 You remember how the clock ticked. You reinembsr how long it was from the striking of one in the morning until the striking of two, and still longer from two "to three ; and^ when at last the day began to look through the lattice, how quickly you rose up and surrendered every \ attempt to sleep. There are souls in this house who will not sleep to-night. You Bay, " Oh, my Lord, I how can I sleep ! The house is so dreadfully still i óince my little one died. !No one to give a drink to in I the night. ISTo one to wake me in the morning with a(! i sweet carol. Trouble ! Trouble ! Will not the Lord ¡ tako me out of it ?" Oh, bereaved soul, I can make up something you can sleep on. As sometimes they \ make a pillow of soothing herbs that the patient may put his head on and forget his pain, so to-night, be I roaved soul, I would make up a pillow for thy^ head a pillow of divine promises-promises of reunion in a tearless realm-promises of explanation for things that are dark-promises of resurrection for all the dead. Oh, put your head cn that pillow, and let the fingers of a_ comforting'and[sympathetic Christ close your ,eyelids, in perfect peace to-night. Hugh all youri losses ; hush all your bereavements ; hush all your complaints. " So Ile giveth His beloved aleen. " But there aro those hore who will not sleep to-night for another reason. This is the night when your un I forgiven sins will cry out against you. Thev will come clamouring around your pillow as the sins of ! Ahasuerus clamoured rouud his pillow. You think you can roll off a solemn impression like this moment. You will go homo. The door will ho closed. After a few moments of conversation about what happened at tbe tabernacle, you will try to compose yourself for ulecp ; but if you aro an unforgiven man, you cannot sleep. You will get wider and wider awake. God will stand by your pillow, saying: "Whero did you come from ? "What have you been doing ? No repent- ance. No tears. No pardon. No life. No hope. No heaven," And you will say : " Who is it that so addresses me ?" And God will say : "It is thy Maker and thy [Judge ;" and the sweat of a great agony will come out on your brow, and before to- morrow morning you will get up and kneel down, and pray, and pray. That will be the history of hundreds in this house to-night. " Oh !" Bays some one, "you don't know me. I am a good sleeper, and no sooner will I put my head on the pillow than I will be un- conscious." Ah! perhaps I made a mistake then, in regard to your case. I may be mistaken in the pro- phecy with reference to you particularly, for you may bo one of thoBe who go to sleep on earth and wake np in hell : where they never sleep. " Oh !" says some ono, " I'll joke off this impression. I'll caricature the preacher. I'm good at drawing. And then I'll just j say to my jeering companions, ' HOW IS VOUE SOUL and with merriment I'll drown out all the thought of the present, and all the thought of the future." No, you cannot do it. Ahasuerus tried to drown the voice o£ his conscience with wine, with libertinismj with fame, with all kinds of indulgence, until, ra his satiety, he actually offered a reward for somebody who would invent a new pleasure; and while.all the enjoyments and honours and excitements came rippling up against the pillow in the Shushan Palace, "on that night could not the king sleep." No, madame ; no, sir ; if the Holy Spirit is in your heart to-night, you cannot drown out this religious impres- sion. It will be as it was last Sabbath night, when , there were two persons Bitting before me so thoroughly given up to merriment while I was preaching, that I thought J. must stop in tho midst of my sermon and call them to order ; and yet, at the close of the service they came asking the way to heaven, and they'are now in thin house, sitting in the peace of Christ, these few days of pardon giving them more joy than all the days of .their worldly hilarity. Ah, my friends, you oannot with outside glee stop the inside tremor. Whirl around all tho dancers, clap all the cymbals of deñanco, fill tho air with guffaw of ribaldry and mirth, and Ahasuerus cannot sleep to-night. O man immor- tal, O woman immortal, how can you sleep unfor- given ? all your life-time transgressions gathering to- gether, each one of them enough for your eternal dis- comfiture, yet piling up and piling up, and spreading ont and spreading out, and crowding closer and closer. O God, what will they do with their sins ? the unforgiven Bins of their life, like hounds on their track, flashing like fiery boltB from the clouds, slip- ping from above like an avalanche. Thoy might as well try to sloep in the top Btory of a house when all the rooms underneath are in flames, and the fire is singeing their locks ; they might as well .try to Bleep while a foundering Bteamor is making its last plunge. How can you sleep at the memory of miäimproved mercies? Where is your neglected Bible ? Where is your father's death-bed, your mother's death-bed? What is that on your hands, on your forehead, on your cheek, on your chin ? It is the blood of a nog lected, despised, long-suffering and agonising Jesus. Ho has come this night to save your soul, and you will not let'Him. If ¿tho devils in the loBt world had one such offer of mercy, they would leap for it as a shipwrecked man for the last life-boat. Oh, how can yoxi sloep, when yon are so near the last offer of par- don and mercy? Do you see that excitement in hea- ven ? Tho Holy Spirit is here with a very solemn massage. He i« right before your a oui. O gracious Spirit, conquer him to-night. Since heaven and hell are involved iu this interview, search him, rouse him, melt him, save him. " No," says the Holy Ghost, "I will say no moro. I will juBt stop now for a mi- nute to seo whether he will accept pardon, or whe- ther ho will reject it." And the Holy Spirit lifts one wing for departure, and if Ho lifts both wings, then He is gone ; and with that one wing lifted for depar- ture, I fed tho last moment of waiting throbbing through the air-the last moment. Tor some soul here both wings are lifted, and ±Lo vanishes. Gone, your opportunity for pardon. Gone, your hope for heaven ; while a voice breakB from tho throne.'sayinK : "Ephraim is joined to his idols; let him alone, let him alone !" Oh, I - - TOU UN"ItEPEïîTAïîT SOULS, how can you sleep to-night ia view of death and judgment and eternity? Mr. Faron, our respected fellow-citizen, this afternoon, with all ofliceg of re- spect, was carried out to his hist rest. LaBt Wednes- day night he went to sleep sound and well. He was heard to ho in a struggle, and in ton minutes, though ] they tried to bathe and rub him into life, and with the utmost tension of medical skill to resuscitate him, in ' ten minutes his immortal soul passed over from world to world, If it had bee» you, where would you haye been now ? Some of you, my dear brethren, will go out of life just as suddenly. There will be no time to reach the physician. There will be no time to get the phial of restoratives. There will be no time to strike a light. If you are unprepared to go, your exit out of this life will be a falling swifter than any comet flashed down to the night sky. How can you sleep on the borders of an eternity for which you have no pre- paration ? Hear you not the dashing of the waves of that dreadful sea ? Fiends exult at tho prospect of your speedy entrance. If after all these years of rejecting tho love of God, tho pardon of God, the mercy of God, the entreaties of God, thc wooing of God, you go out of this world, what will remaiu for you but the wrath of 'God ? You may be so near it. Do you not feel its ^breath on your cheek ? Do you not see its flush on your brow ? Do you not feel its quaking beneath your feet ? The sword-arm of the Lord Almighty swings out from the cloud ready to strike. Oh, spare that soul. Mercy, mercy, mercy ! We cry, Lord, spare that soul ! Give it one more chance for repentance and for heaven. If you now repent, you can go home to-night, and sleep as soundly as any child ever slept in its mother's arms. With pardon for a pillow, eternal defences for a canopy, and the angels of God for a body-guard, you can alford ..to sleep until the daybreak, while Ahasuerus lies on the couch, and calls out for the officer of thc guard to come and read the book oí the record of the Chro- nicles. 