SSydey Table Talk. SINo? my las'. letter the prevailing 'ubject of conversation has, of course, been the loss the community sustained in the death of the late'Mr. T. S. Mort. Of course at such times there is always a good deal said that ought only to be taken for what it is worth. People who never in their lives had a good word to say of the departed, are often to be found the loudest in their exola mations of grief, and others who have no very de-finite ideas as to his 'past actions, are neuw in.ecstacies of admira tion; hbut vet it cannot be denied that in this instance the vast majority are only speakir.g what they feel when they utter the sentiment that in the death of Mr. Mort the colony has sustained a loss not easily, to be forgotten or re placed,, True. it may be said by some that he was not n man who had devoted such a portioh of his life to public affairs, in a political sense, as to de serve to be ca'led a patriot, but that he was one whose enterprise and energy conferred blessings on hundreds of his follows cannot for a moment be denied. But justice will doubtless be done to his memory by abler pens than mine, and I should not have said this much on the subiect had I not felt that the matter was too important to be passed over in silence. • ydney just. now is suffering from a perfect plethora of amusement. Go where you will the eye is met with glaring announcements of the good things to be provided at million prices. Tragedy, comedy, burlesque, panorama, and a mechanical ghost are all compet ing for the surplus shillings of our over- woriked community. I have heard it said that you can always judge a people by their sports and pastimes. I think it would be very hard to gauge the national character by the entertaiuments provided here just now, unless, indeed. you were forcibly struck with the amount of ingenuity displayed by the caterers for public patronage in the tempting mode of advertising they have recourse to. Well, who can blame them ? It is perfectly legitimate, my masters; and is not the example set by folks in high quarters 1 I have in my mind's eye at the present moment a gentleman who at no very remote pericd represented a constituency notahundred miles from the Western Gold-fields, and who belonged to the highly honourable and learned profession of the law. Well, when this gentleman was in the House evervbodv heard him: He took care they should, at least from about five in the afternoon till tea time, when he went home to bed, leaving the county all right till the same hour next day, when he could have another chance to advertise his legal knowledge. But alas! Parlia ments are but mortal, lawyers but men; and. the ungrateful electors of a benigh ted constituency were actually base enough to reject this legal Hercules, to the infinite disgust of himself end and-nobody else. Well, of course, it was all over with Parliamentary adver tising for the time, and seme other avenue of publicity had to be found. Fortune favors the brave, and sometimes the cheeky. Our Hercules turns dramatic critic, and every piece in which his favourite actor appears is made the vehicle of an amount of adulation written in bad English., which one would think enough to sicken both the actor and the public too. But, then, you see "oor Dnuvid" gains his point. He is determined to be kept in mind by his former consi tuents, and some lucky day may again find him on the floor of the Assembly, hurling anathema at all and sundry. ,And, talking .of the Assemlbly, re minds me of something that took place the other day. When the Government introduced their little Electoral Bill, they, of courrse, saw it would be neces sary, in the event of its becoming law, to provide a certain amount of accom modation for the now lights who were to be so introduced. Well, the matter looked all right, and a contract was taken for the required additions ard alterations. A member of the Houne took umbrage at this. The Governmrnt had no right to do anything of the sort, seeing that the measure had not, been assented to by the Council. 'Talk, sir,' said he. ' about the respect due to this chamber, let honourable members only go outside for a moment and view that crude piece of architectu. ral impertinence, and then think whether this bill ought to pnss.' · ow ever, tie tun of itbe thiog Is ite iarchli teclural impertinence" is goirig on, but alqs, where are the members? Gone, sir, gone out of .existence by tho arbi trary action (so say the Government) of an irresponsible body. However, a little extra accommodation will do no hnrm ned may perhaps have the good effect of giving Mr;. .M'Elhone more room to lance round the next time he wishes to Serform a puncding operation. 1TAr T ULielTzy iI0ec0ode of 'IqO flyg:g e:.9i land, ,of the M.clboiu ne' Hitel,. iecalls v lively .episodo between-an office-seeker and the President it Vhe Brooklyn (N.Y.) ,I'q ry1aOi'l T.i'i The oflice-seeker sidled ai'td t'i:nsooml on tihe i lict, and huniched into alf income-t.ak collector's list of the propi;erty acmiiuilited by sniionoy-=akOr at the ferry house on thirty shillings. " So, thliiou" said tit Director;,' sunmiig up,' " Mr. 31aikus' iit' oiily a house and du'don, anudtrotter and female friend to gi?? et a ride to Simdaysthuts't offdi a few tliousand:· dollars -with .Ids daughter, in. marriageiý:,A! Ah; :Inhum ! I suppose, now, .you aplly. for liis place? But' you are e coinpa'ratively poodr'mo;n ?' Well; I think we will puit hwit htloldl ?loik He seemns to have all at rogite wiants to inmake him' happy 'anid will r1ob;u no more. ';--Srot? INO TimW . Ani old Sco tcih dyygave a pointed reply to a minister. who knew.: ho had offended her anid esplcessed surprise .ihat. she .should come. so regular td hearhiii prealch Said she,'""My quarrel's wi' you,'miau; it's no w' the Gospel.'" "I,et iio see," remarked the guest, do, satchel in hand, he approached the clerk of the hotel, "the stage doasn't go for: some time yet, I believe. Ate 1 right? " No, sir, you're left. Stige we'lt before you were up," replied the' clerk. 