DEATH OF MRS. ROBERT LAIRD.-Many of our readers will, we feel sure, regret to hear of the death of Mrs. Robert Laird, which said event took placo at her residence. Sugarloaf, late on Thursday night or early on friday morning last, the 12th inst. Mrs. Laird, we believe, had been Suffering for some considerable time from a very old complaint, and, in spite of everything that "human skill could effect, she gradually lost strength till it became painfully ap- parent to her anxious friends and relatives that she could not possibly survive. The deceased lady was an old and respected resident of Tenterflield, and was beloved and respected by all who came in contact, with her, and her death will be sorely felt by both old and young.- Tenterfield Star, July 17. SEARCHING FOR A RAILWAY ROUTE.-Mr Francis, surveyor, is to start immediately to make a survey of the country between Glen Innes and Lawrance In doing this, we understand, Mr Francis is merely carrying out tho instructions received by him from the Department-namely, to inspect and report on all the routes available. The surveyor will be accompanied by Messrs T. and R. Wright and Mr Hugh Quinn. The latter gentleman is employed by the Government. \- Glen Innes Guardine, July 20. HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE.-We are requested to draw attention to the sale of household furniture to bo held by T, BAWDEN, at the residence of Mrs Krauss, Duke-street, on THURSDAY next, at ll o'clock. Also, at the rooms, on the same day at 2 o'clock, positive sale of Household Furniture, Bedding, &c.-Adv.; BOOYUNG.-This stallion, which was purchosed by Mr M. Hush, Iast week, for 200 guineas, has again changed hands, at n satisfactory figure ; he is now the property of Mr John Hough, of the South Arm. Booyung is a splendid colt, by Captivator (imported) and is rising three years old ; he will, we understand, be used for stud purposes. Mr Hough is to bo con- gratulated on the possession of so valuable an animal. \- Lower Clarence Advocate. SUDDEN DEATH OF AN OLD RESIDENT.-It is with deep regret we have to chronicle the sudden death of Mr. Edward Naughton, of Eastwood, Lismore Road, one of tho oldest residents on the Richmond, having come to the district upwards of thirty yours ago. The following are particulars to hand :-On Thursday morning, at about 7 o'clock. Mr. Naughton left home on foot, to look aftor cattle. Not returning to break- fast, two youths named John Leonard, and Oakes, went out in search : when, about half-a-mile from his residence on the side of a ridge, they discovered the body of Mr. Naughton, life being; extinct. Informa- tion was at once given to the police, when senior constable Tippett proceeded At once to the residence of deceased and met the party convoying the body home in a cart. Dr. Rowlands, who was sent for, examined the body of deceased, and pronounced denth to have been caused by a fit of apoplexy. There being no marks of violence on the body, and Dr. Rowlands giving a certificate as to the cause of death, an enquiry was deemed unnecessary. Deceased was a strong healthy man, and had attained the ago of 64 years. The funeral took place yesterday aftornoon, and was largely attended by residents from all parts of the district. Express, Jul 13, CAUTION TO FORTUNE HUNTERS - In the Equity Court, Melbourne, on Thursday, Dr. William Arthur Bradford, formerly one of the resident, surgeons of Melbourne Hospital, surrendered himself to tbe dealt with by the court for having married a ward of the court in July, 1873. Bradford, fled from this colony to New Zealand with Miss Elisabeth M'Robie Ware, a young lady 19 years of ago, who at the time was a boarder at the school of Mrs Tetley, Dandenong-road, St. Kilda, and was a ward of the court. Miss Ware's father, a squatter of the Western district, died intes- tate some years before, leaving an estate of the value of about £200,000 to a widow and five children. Miss Elizabeth M'Robie Waro was entitled to about £11,000 of the estate. On the arrival of Miss Ware and Brad- ford at New Zealand, they were married, and have since resided in that colony. The elopement and marriage was duly reported to the court, and Judge Molesworth, in August, 1875, stopped supplies to Mrs Bradford as a warning to fortune-hunters, and declared bradford in contempt of court. Last Monday Brad ford returned to Victoria for the purpose of surrender img himself to be dealt with by the court for contempt; and to-day, as stated, he presented himself before Judge Molesworth. He was committed to gaol during the pleasure of the court. Wo nro rori uostcd to Invito attention to the im- portant baud Side, to ho hold hy Mr H. MAITIIU'B nt Iiis I'ooins, Vlctoria-streot, on TmntsnAV nuxt, Sfttli instant, of Town mid Suburban Allotments, with and willmot improvements, and situated in some of tho best spots in (¡infton, aro to ho then, ns wo aro advised, positively sold.-Anv. SUNIIAV tx SvtiNKv.-Thu cheerful lino wenthor yesterday gave tho street» of Sydnoy a holiday as- pect, nuil in tho afternoon all tho favourito places of resort woro crowded. At the Kxhibitinn liiiilding tho closing service, in connection with tho boyal Orange Iiialitiitinu celebration of tho 12th of July wns at- tended hy n largo concourse. Tho scrvico wns similnr to that given last Sunday, except that tho speakers were tho Hov. Cunnii Smith, of bathurst, Hov. W. Kolyiiuok, and Kev. Oeorgo Sutherland. A collection was mada nt the eloso of tho proceedings to defray expenses. At the Musoiim upwards of 2000 persons put in an appearance, whilo nt tho h'roo Public Library nearly .'KIO persons enjoyed n rpliot rend. Tho lion's share of patronngo was bestowed on tho botanic Gar- dens, which,"throughout tho afternoon, wore a gay nuil mutilated appearance Thu Romain and Kurt Macquarie, mid Lndy Macquarie'* Chair, also ot tructod largo crnu'ds-thu scone on thu water hoing cuni inn tin^r. Tho various steamboats plying ilown tho harbour «oro liberally patronised. Tho Sunday trains wore crowded. Judging from tho general out- ing tho public, apparently, devoted yesterday to pur- pose* of relaxation and recreation.- Evening Nrirj. Tim I'niNf.'K or WALKS ANTI AUHTIIAMA.-Mr J. J. Caney 1ms been interviewed by a reporter from tho Melbourne Argus, mid on tho question of n visit from tho I'rineo of Wales, ho says :-"Ono important ques- tion wo hnvo left to tho Inst-what hopo is thora of a visit from tho Prince and Princess of Wales 7 Tho information Air Casoy has been sn good as to olio«; us to extract from him amounts to this-thnt tho Priuco nf Wides, to whom ho lind tho honour tn mention tho sillijeet, snid that he would ho delighted tn como to the colonies with tho Princess nf Wales and open tho Exhibition. With, however, tho impression preva- lent in thu minds pf tho representatives nt homo nf tho Korry fiovernnient that tho Inhibition lins hoon dropped," Mr Casey did not fool authorised tosny thnt tho presence of Iiis lloynl Highness wns desired in 18711\. The Prince stated that of courso ho could not leave Ku rope in a disturbed state, of almira lille tho present, but uoverthclnss ho would liko to soo Aus- tralia, and ho desired that tho colonies should bo mndo aware nf tho deep interest ho tonk in their «'ol faro and of his earnest wish to porform what lay in bis powor to prnmnto their requiromonts." AN OKI-TN'HRII llowi.r.n Our.-A clever picco of work has boon accomplished in tim Lands Department, nu erring nllicer of long standing hoing tho victim. Kleptomania does not emiline ita victims to valuables in thu simpo of ninney or jewellery, but permits nf oporatintia on sweetmeats or, in their nbaence, on tho ovcollcnt. furo enjoyed by uivil servants at thu half hour forenoon interval. Tu ono branch of tho lands ellice h dny has never passed over without complaints of sumo unscrupulous hand hoing laid on lunch bnskots. Ono gentleman wns victimised four times sueecssivoly not ii week ugo, mid thu horrible presentiment carno to his mind thnt thu chief of tho branch wns tho cul- prit. A conference «ns holli, and it was decided to bring tho otlundor to justice. Tho whole of tho lunches next day wcro liberally nerved with tartar emetic. At about I tho chief felt disinclined tn dino, and nt 'J «ns sure hu «'ns attacked by cholera or typ- hoid. Half un hour Intur tho real symptoms «ero appuient, ami tho sympathies of tho nfheorn nf the dopni tiiients increased ns tho tableau drew nigh. Ile «ns sure ho wns going tn give np tba ghost, ns ho lind hnd'n fearful dune, hut iuatend nf thnt gnvo up tho dinner. Traces of many a lamented tit-hit woro forthcoming, mid thu chief in duo cou ino was led hack a helter und lighter man. Ila linn nineo petitioned fur tho removal, it is snid, of the chief conspirators on tho gi nmill of insubordination.-Keening Jici<\«. Tho Enning Sum says :-Wo hnvo bron favoured with tho following extract from a private letter to a friend by Mr Jules .hulbert :-" Paris, June I.-1 guarantee if I got proper authority to act I will bring tu Sydney such a «how ns will astonish tho nativos. Wherever I go I nm received with open anns. Franco, Italy, Nonvay, Austria, Switzerland, Amoricn, Ac,, ure willing to send exhibits provided wo cnn do what they oxpect, I.e., givo them spaco mid facilities. Wo can buy hero cheap enough whole «cotions of the Paris Exhibition building, if authorised to du sn ; and load ships with thom, ami exhibits at Havre direct! hut Mr Coombes and i must have authority,'1 