NEWS OF THE HAT. To-daV, being the anniversary of the birth of the Prince of Wales, will be observed as a public holiday. There will be no business transacted at the Government officeB, Law Courts, hanks and other institutions. Among the sinister rumors that are oeiog j:i.'nnnfi.r nS-Antatoii hv tha Oooosition and uuigoun/ —J -Sf . . _ their claqueurs, in the hope of breakin„ up the Liberal party in the Assembly at this critioal juncture, is one to the etfest that Mr. Berry has determined to indhct hnnsett into the Agent-Generalship Bhould his mis sion to the Home Government not be as successful as is expected. We are authorised to give tho statement unqualified contradic tion". as, in the language Mr. Berry addressed to the caucus oi Thursday, ha regards it 3 a point of honor to complete the .vrorfe we conntry has entrusted to him and his PaThe Chief Secretary has received from lbs Inspector-General of Penal Establishments a report oontainihg a scheme for the tion of tho prisoners in the Melbourne Gaol amongst the up-country prisons. It is pro posed to re- arrange the Melbourne esU lishment, the number .of perso"8 «| -j fined there being reduced to about 2UU females and an average of about sixty male , tha latter consisting of men omntmg tH , men detained in default of hall, and men only sentenced to a few hours lnc3"e"' tion. The females, however, csn be re moved to the reformatory Pentridge as soon as tbe children are moved, gand the- men will probiblysconba provided for in the city. A re-rlbut' of officers would also be necessitated by tne change, and this would result in a . £1500a year in salaries, but the "SSS?W«e®g..| Education visited St.- Hilda ydfccftw J ft. panose of faupeobng the site fixcu upon to the phspoted new school, respecting Ks deputation had an mtervrew with Hum on the previous day. The two Minis- irere met by a number of the leading in- Kdtants of the district, who accomnamed ttcmto the spot where it was intended that School should be built. The site is on a Le of low ground near the railway station, 4 as stated by the deputation on the pre- S,.. day, appeared far too swampy a 1wion tor the erection of a school. The Starter of Education suggested that the l.tors of the bowling green should be to eell a portion of ground behind the m bet this proposal was not approved JJ tie Ministers agreed that the site which Wl been decided upon was not a suitable The chairman of tho board or advice wcssed upon them, however, the extreme MitY for school accommodation being "JSSl and Mr. Berry promised that there Xrid fce no delay with regard to the creo- L nf a building when a site had been ob tained. It was ultimately decided to leave fte matter in bis hands. ' The necessity for extending the advan ces of university education has become nneraliv acknowledged, and it is felt that « would be wrong to lose oven one year be- king the extension. In order to in- d-ce immediate action on tho part of the teielstnre, a petition to the Legislative iFsembly has been prepared, and is being rimed by members of tho senate of tha Cmremty of Melbourne. It points to the sdvantages that would result from extending university education ; expresses approval of fte hill that has been introduced ; urges ftit the university is now insufficient for ft. necessities of the present time ; points cat the possibility that the session may be Posed before some such measnps has received 'function of Parliament ; and prays that the Legislative Assembly will pass the bill row before that Houae as speedily as pos- sib'e. The petition may bo signed at Mr. S. Mullen's, in Collins-street. "a despatch received from Sir M. E. Hicks- Besoh by bis Excellency the Governor is rbfahed in the Government Gazelle of last bcM. It contains an acknowledgment of the receipt of a petition to the Queen from certain residents in Victoria upon the sub. jl-i of the course taken by Sir G. F. Bowen u various matters connected with tho crisis ia Victoria, and forwarded to her Majesty in jace last. Also of a Ministerial memor. odium referring to tho petition and for warded in the same despatch. In reference to tboso documents tha Secre tary of State for the Colonies writes "Ihsvo perused both these documents, but 1 do not think that it is desirable, so long titer the termination of the Parliamentary fiiScnltv, to keep alive the late unfortunate iisercnces ; and, therefore, in laying the petition before tho Qneen, I have not felt it ny duty to advise her Majesty to take any »:tioa with regard to it." A report has been received by the Minis ter of Education from the Parliamentary Bead of Inquiry, dealing with unsettled cUims agaiast tho department in the cose of Mr. John Forbes, a teacher in charge of tho Saieiton school at the time of the present act coming into operation. Mr.Forbes's salary bid been reduced, and although an allowance cf £7S was granted bim, he contended that tii losses far exceeded that amount. The department computed hie claim on tho usual bjjis. The board of inquiry hava reported i:ainst the claim being entertained, on the ground that tho first calculation by the de partment was correct. Tire following tenders were accepted by the Minister of Railways yesterday, viz. : — for 750 wrought iron buffers, Messrs. Noble, Mihood and Co., £23G5 10s. Gd.; for pins sod ferrules, John Harker, £1492 lGs. 9d. The usual quarterly meeting of the City Council will be held to-day at noon. The business upon the notice paper is the instal lation of Cr. Joseph Story as mayor, and the election of aldermen for Gipps and Latrobe wards, Aldermen BayleB and Aarons retiring by effluxion of time. Being quarter-day, members of the council are not restricted to the business on tho notice paper, or to tho order of its arrangement. The mayor's in- augnral banquet will take place in the even ing. The case of J. B. Slack, who was ordered to be committed to gaol by Mr. Justice Molesworth for contempt in the Master's office, came again before the Equity Court yesterday. During the morning Slack sur- rendered himself in court, and was directed by his Honor to be removed to gaol on the understanding that he should be heard in his defence during the day as he had re- quested. After the other business was con- cluded, Slack, who was present, asked to be supplied with a copy of seven equity reports, and said that he had been committed on merely exparte statements. His Honor said that if he had any application to make it must be done on habeas. He asked the clerk if the order he made last week for Slack's arrest had been prepared, The clerk replied that the order was not ready. "Then," said his Honor, "let him walk away," and Slack at once departed. His Honor then asked why the order was not got ready in time. As there was no order against Slack he could not be detained, and the mistake had arisen through the improper delay of the officials who had charge of the matter. A warrant was subsequently pre- pared, and will be executed without delay. This is tho last day of the Victoria Racing Club Spring Meeting, andas the weather seems toluvedcclared itself in favor of sunshine, and sol for wet, which is usunlly tho case on tbo iiy terminating this meeting, a very large ittendance should be tho result. The pro. enmms cannot be surpassed, and the pre- Knee of a steeplechase is amongst tbe more particular attractions of tbe occasion, and lor this race there is every likelihood of a ipiendid field of horses coming to the post. I runs will be running at short intervuls as an the Cup day. The eighteenth annual competitive meet ing he'd under the auspioeB of the Vic torian Kifie Association was continued yes terday with satisfactory results. The wind wu very much against neenrate shooting, bet notwithstanding that many good scores were made, as will be seen by a reference to lie price lists which appear in another rolamn. The meeting will be brought to a lime to-day, when the International Match, fin Snrgood Cap, the Schools and Open Schools Matches, the Cavalry Match, the Secretary's Match, tho Skirmishing Match led the Ladies' Match have all to be de cided. Tbo Cavalry Mateb, in which the general public usually take a groat interest, will commence at ten o'clock. The traffic returns of tho Viotorian Rail ways for tbe week ending 31st October ire as follow : — Total for the week, £27,941 Oidd.; aggregate to date from 1st July, £391, oil 13s. ; weekly average (eighteen weeks), £21,754 14s. The returns for the corresponding week of 1877 were : — Total for week, £27,937 10s. 5d.; aggregate, £332,535 Is. Gd.; weekly average, £21,254 1-ls.Gd. There are now 979 miles of rail 'Pte, and the passengers for the week were 117,724; in 1877 there w.ero S54 miles open, passengers 78,225. The returns of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railways lor the same week are : — Total for week, £'2S'25 14s. 9d.; aggregate to date from 1st July, £52,760 9s. 2d. ; weekly ave- We, £3002 19s. lid.; number of passengers, 55,044. The returns .for the corresponding week of 1S77 were : — Total for week, £4473, Es. 2d.; aggregate, £55,112 lis. 9d.; weekly ?!?rlje> £310S 9s.; number of passengers, ISS.StiO. The hearing of the appeal of Messrs. raton Bros. againBt the classification of 3454 icrea of land in tbe counties of Bogong and henambrn, placed in the first class, was con cluded before the Land Tax Commission yes. today. The commissioners reserved their decision. A large number of gentlemen met at the loan Hall yesterday for the purpose -of wit nessing the presentation of mementoes to Mrs. and Miss Pigdon. Mr. Coppin referred ? 'ho efficiency, courtesy and hospitality mown by Mr. Pigdon as Mayor of Mel- bourne, nnd stated that the return liall had Je-tasnffioient surplus which enabled the com- nnttcs to present to Mrs. Pigdon a silver a . co®ee service, with tea urn, Balver ana manufactured from 230 ounces of irp an hearing the following inscription : Presented by the oitizens of Melbourne i l l-,' Kgdon ns a memento of her husband s year of office as tbe ght Worshipful tbe Mayor of Mel- !«». 8th November, 1S7S." Also to Miss Pigdon a gold necklet of the Cleo- pattern, and a diamond locket, "Ha lDBcribed monogram on the back. In hejponsa for the gifts, Captain Standisli read letter of thanks from Airs. Pigdon, and -Jia Pigdon briefly returned tbanks on her .hebalf. Captain Standisli then pro- P led the late Mayor's health, coupled with at o! Miss Pigdon, whioh was received eh warm applause. Mr. Pigdon, in res- 'hose present that he had \- ins best endeavors towards advancing 8 prosperity of and beautifying the city. te« of tbanks to the executive committee j, k return ball, to Messrs. Spriggs and roes, honorary secretaries, and to the ""tonsn, concluded the proceedings. The Immigrants Aid Society is in a aes- puawfinuioial position, For the last few months it has been endeavoring to ob tain an increase in the present Government grant, and the secretary has again written to the Chief Secretary, asking that the vote on .the estimates this ye&r; may yet be in creased to £6000. The present overdraft of the society's funds is £1123, for which some members of the committee have become per sonally responsible. This amount leaves the provision accounts for October (about £600), together with other outstanding liabilities (£267), unpaid. The committee shelter, feed and, to a considerable extent, clothe on an average 466 adnlts, .159 of whom are under direct medical treatment, and 117 children, tbo maintenance of the majority of whom is equally expensive as that of adnlts. The casual wards for women and men pro vide on the average for twenty persons, and that number was more than doubled dnring the winter months. Calculating the cost per head at £12 6s., and after deducting the receipts derived from the labor of the in mates, the maintenance of adults atone is £5731. Adding the cost of children above one year old at the came rate, the total cost would be £6801, exclusive of relief afforded to casuals. The amount received by public sub scriptions last year was only £853, and it is not anticipated that that sum will be ex ceeded this year. Therefore, the committee state in their letter to the Chief Secretary, unless the grant-in-aid be increased they will have no alternative bat to discharge many inmates at present sheltered and fed, and to refuse others seeking relief. The committee state their readiness to submit their opera tions in tbe relief of the destitute to the se verest scrutiny, and express themselves pre pared to contract the sphere of their labors, should the Government direct the .same . An application was made to Mr. Justice Barry, in Chambers, yesterday morning, by Mr. G. D. M'Cormick, on behalf of Mr. George Watson, for a writ of mandamus to compel the Registrar of Land Tax to enter in the list of appeals to be heard by the Commissioners of Land Tax the appeal of Mr. Watson against the classification of his estate under the Land Tax Act of 1877. Mr. Webb appeared on behalf of the Crown to oppose the application. After hearing the arguments, Mr. Justice Barry granted the application. James MTherson, the owner of a New foundland dog, appeared at the City Court yesterday to answer a charge of permitting his dog to bite Henry M'Keuzie. M'Pher- son had become the worse for liquor on the previous evening, and lay down on tho Domain-road to sleep. The dog kept watch over his master, and when Mr. M'Kenzie was passing along close by, the dog sprang upon him and bit him in the arm. Tho bench fined M'Pherson 30s., which was at once paid. Walter Donoghue, thirty-five years of age, committed suicide yesterday in a most deter mined manner. He lodged in a house in King William-street, Fitzroy, and yesterday shortly before noon lie was found in his bed room bleeding to death from two self-inflicted wounds, one. being in the arm aud the other in the side. He was taken to tho Mel bourne Hospital, where ho gradually sank, and died at five o'clock in the evening. The deceased had been drinking very heavily of late, and w&b; yesterday quite deranged. An inquest will be held upon the body to-day. A meeting of gentlemon was held yester day afternoon, in the London Tavern, to further the collection of subscriptions for the erection of a statue of Robert Burns, the Sootch poet, in Dumfriesshire, Scotland. There was only a small attendance, but it was reported that the collection of money for the object named had already met with very considerable success. One gentleman had collected abdut £20, whilst another obtained considerably more. It was decided by those present to actively support the object in view. The body of & woman was seen passing under the Falls-bridge shortly before twelve o'clock Inst night, and it was soon afterwards recovered by the police and taken to the morgue. The corpse was in an advanced stage of decomposition. It was that of a woman about thirty years of ago, dark complexion, dressed in a dark-colored dress and water- proof cloak A nasty accident occurred yesterday morn ing at the Rfiy&l; Mail Hotel, Mitchell-street, writes our Sandhurst correspondent. A paperhanger named Wilson was standing on a scaffolding about eight feet high, papering a room. The scaffolding gave way, and he fell, dislocating one of his ankles and both of his knee joints. The opening services in connection with the annual meeting of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria are to be conducted in the Assembly Hall on Mon day evening. Various matters of Bpeuial . importance are to ho brought before the assembly during the sittings, which are likely to occupy about ten days. The mail has just brought an account of the proceedings of tho presbytery of Aber deen relative to the call which the congre gation of Erskine Church, Carlton, seat to tho Rev. A. Yule, of Aberdeen, to become their pastor. The translation of Mr. Yule from Aberdeen to Melbourne was supported by the Rev. R. G. Balfour, of Edinburgh, aud Mr. James Balfour, M.L.C., of Mel bourne, commissioners appointed by Erakine Church, and the translation was opposed by seven commissioners appointed by Mr. Yule's congregation. Prinoipal Brown and Professors Biunio and Salmond and others bore testimony to Mr. Ynlo's pulpit gifts, literary attainments and suitableness for the field to which he had been called. Tho com missioners from Mr. Yule's congregation spoke of the great work ho had done and wo3 still doing in the present sphere, of the success of his Ministry, and of their unwillingness to p&rt; with him. The pres bytery, however, considered that they were bound to send their beBt men to Melbourne, and not weak men, for whom no place could be found at home. They considered that Australia, and chiefiy Melbourne, had great claims on tho church, and they ought not to grudge Mr. Yule, who had speoial gifts for a field ouch as Carlton. Mr. Yule said tho call was not his seeking ; it had come from people he never saw, and considering the claims of Melbourne he was bound to accept It. It would be painful for him to leave his country and kindred and congregation and friends, with whom he had been pleasantly associated, but he did not go to Aberdeen to gratify himself, and ho did not think he was going away to gratify himself. In going to Melbourne he expected hard work, but he had no desire to be idle so long as his eye was not dim and his natural force not abated. It was expected that Mr. Yule would leave early in November by one of the fast sailing steamers. At a meeting of the committee of the Gee- long Protestant Orphan Asylum, held on Friday afternoon, writes our Geelong cor respondent, the proposition from the inspec tor of industrial schools for children from those schools to be kept in a portion of the asylum was considered. The committee de cided that it would not bo advisable to take any of tho industrial school children into the institution, and an answer to that effect is to be sent to the Government officer. In South Australia tho Hues appear to have fallen to the Rev. Charles Clark in pleasant places. His tour in that colony has lasted over threo months, during which ho lectured every evening ; and he is now appearing every evening also on his return overland. Mr. Clark will arrive In Melbourne on the 16th inst., for the purpose of giving a short series of farewell lectures prior to re turning to England to resume his ministe rial labors, Minerva was produced for the last time this season at the Academy of Musio last night, the performance attracting its due share of visitors, and passing off with suc cess. To-night a change will be made in the programme, when tho Bparklinc play of the Vagabond of Sandy Bar, by Bret Horte, will be presented. The Emerald-bill Academy of Music con tinues to draw fair audiences, the repre sentation of the Shaughraun, by Mr. Charles Wheatleighand his company, being well ap preciated. The same piece will be played to-night. D'Arcy Read's Ghost at the Athehsum is enjoying a successful run, and still contri butes to the pleasure afcd mystification of the crowds who nightly throng to see this per formance. It will be repeated again this evening. Prof. S. S. and Clara. Baldwin, who have recently arrived from America, and dre now giving entertainments in Sydney, entitled SpirituaHsm Exposed, announce that they will commence a season in Melbourne, at St. George's Hall, on Monday, the 18th inst. The Sydney exchanges speak highly of the merits of the performers. At tho Apollo Hall there have been excel lent houses to witness the performances of tho Variety Troupe. To-night will be the last appearance of tho company. The popularity of the U.S. Minstrels con tinues unabated. The repetition of their laughable performance at St. George's Hall last night met with the approval of a crowded house. , _ Mr. Creswick enacted the role of Master Walter in the Hunchback, for the last time, at the Opera House' lost "night, when his performance was witnessed by a large audi f\ ence. The piece passed off with lie usual eclat, To-mght Macbeth will be performed, and in the early part of next week Mr. Cres wick will appear as Richelieu. The Flying Buck was repeated at the Princess's Theatre last night to a full house, and appeared to give every satisfaction, the audience applauding some of the more in teresting situations. The Bishop ot Melbourne is to preach In St. Jude'a Church, LycoD'Jstroet, Carlton, to-morrow morning. Mr. Raynes Watte Dickson, solicitor, ot tho firm cf Klinircnder, Cbarsley and Dickson, hts oeeu appointed a notary public. Blontlin is to walk across the Tarra this afternoon ; nt three o'clock, and in tho evening at eight o clock, : amidst Illumination. In consequence of tbo Town Hall bcinsr otherwise engraved, there will bo no performance by the city organist tbls ercnlne. , Abacaar will be opened on Tuesday, tbe 12th inst., at three o'clock p.m., in tbe Melbourne Town Hall, by the nuns of the GockI shepherd, AbbotBford. The usual popular concert will beheld in tho Pro tes'nnt Hall to-nlsht, when an attractive procrammo will be gore through. Several new vocalists wul The fourth of a course of six lectures In aid c! the Carlton Mechanics' Literary Institute and Free Reading Room will be delivered at the Carlton Hall, KeUlv. street, on iloncay evening, by Mrs. Webster. The sub ject will be Ill-used Men. The last of Mr. tf tithe w Burnett's Saturday evening znasa meetings at Emerald-hill will take place to-night. There will be the usual processions open-air meeting on tho Orphanage reserve, and entertainments sub sequently In tbe Mechanics Hall and tho Wesleyan schoolroom. . Ihe Feoole'a Concerts, usually carried .on in the Temperance Hall, will bo continued this evening la the Fitzroy Town Hall. The programme will include the first appearance of Voltaire, the ventriloquist, and Mr. Alfred Silvester, son of tbo Fakir of Ooln, la his feats of legerdemain. The report of the Lying-in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for tho week end- ingTth November is asfollows:— 45 patients in hospital, 10 admitted during the week, IS dtscharced, 4S remain in hospital; total number of out-patients for the week. 117 ; new cases, 20. A fete and flower show at Williamstown will bo he!d to- day In aid of tho Sailors' Rest. Tbe commanding officers of the Cerberus and Naval Reserve, with tho commander and officers of the R.M S. Siatn, have ren dered assistance io making the demonstration success ful. The public gardens will be throw open at once. An excursion down the Bay will be mode by the steamer Williams to-day. Tbe Williams will leave the tf'umlridge Pier at halT- past uine o'clock tills morning, proc'Jedimf to Quecn-cfifi and Portsea, and returning before dark. An opportunity wiU'be afforded to those interested m the defence of the port of viewing tho recently-constructed fortifications at tho Heads and at Point Nepean. The usual monthly meeting of the Melbourne Jewish Philanthropic Society was held iu tbe vestry rooms, Albert-street, on Thursday eveniugj Mr. J. Benjamin presiding in tho chair. Three applicants were relieved to the amount of £23. The annual report was thyn drafted, and tbe annual meeting fixed to take place on tbe 24th of November. Tbe president reported ho had relieved eight caics temporarily since last meeting to the amount of £7. The monthly raeetlne of committee of the Alfred Hospital was held yesttfrday ; Mr. J. Service, M.L. 4 ., in the chair. Accounts amounting to £495 7s. £d. were paseed. Donations were received frm Mrs. Cameron, South Varra, £14 14s., and Mr. J. W. Phillips, £2 2s, The slate of tne house was as fol lows: — Number of inmates remaining on 1st Novom- ber, 81 : admitted since, 10; discharged, 20 ; died, 2; remaining, CJ ; out-patients, 152; casualties, 2(1, A lecture was delivered in tho Fitzroy Town Holt on Tuesday evening, entitled A Nlcht wi' Burns, by the iiev. Dr. Gilchrist; Mr. W. Kidney, J.P., presid ing. 'i ho lecture was largely attended. The rer. gentleman portrayed tho life and cbaractor of Scot land's greatest poet in an interesting manuer. The lecture was illustrated by some cf Burns's sons, well rendered by iiestlamcs M'Naugbton and Clarke and Miss Ronald, Mr. T. Kobson and Mr. J. Wiilsou. A duet, violin and piano, was well played by Messrs. Snellinc and Magnus Colieu. Mr. G. W. Hall, the lato secretary of tbe Melbourne Ty no/raphical Society, aud now proprietor of the Mans- fivhl Guardian, was on Thursday afternoon presented with a handsome English lever gold watch as & token of tho respect in which lie was held by many in the print ing trade. Hr.W» W. Dudley, vice-president of tbe so ciety, and treasurer ot the testimonial fund, called upon llr. Wilson, eretwhtlo president of tbe society, to make tlie presentation. Mr. Wilson said he hoped Mr. Hail would bo spared many years to wear the gilt. In reply, Mr. Hall expressed his thanks, nn'd said that he had worked for the society, and bad no reason to bo ashamed of his connection with it. The council of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society held n meeting on Monday afternoon ; Mr. Ryan presiding. A letter was received Irora Mr. Spencer Daird, head of the United States Fish Com mission, thanulng ihe council for the society's silver medal recently presented to him. A letter was also received from tbe secretary of the Zoological Gardens of Batavia, stating that a shipment of animals would shortly be sent to the society. Tbe gardens wero re ported t'j bo in good order. The society's proceedings for 1S77-S are now in course of issue to the aubscri hers. Mr. Guilfovle exhibited a specimen of tbe coffee plant (Uoffea Arabia) in fruit, and also other plants grown at tho Botanical Gardens. A monkey has been presented by Mr. G. J. Willis, William-town, since the last meeting, for which the council desires to re turn its thanks. The first half- yearly meeting of the Victorian Hair- drcsers' Society was hold onThursdayeveiiing;Mr. C. Lewis, vice-pfetident, in tho chair. Ine hon. oecretary (Mr. Teerly) reported that Blnce the last meeting tho polico had proceeded uainet another ot tho trade for working on Sundays, and, notwithstanding that Mr. Purvey barrister,. defended the case, the police magis trate (Mr. Cull) flued tbe defendants thereby, for tbe second time, affirming one of tbe principal objects of the society, the abolition of Sunday work. During the evening ten new members were proposed, making tlio number 131, Letters were read from tho secre tary of the Associated Hairdressers of Now South Wales ; also a circular as to the resolution, adopted thereof the discontinuance of Sunday work after the 'end of tho present year. The committee reported that the wjpolo of tho trade in Bandndge, Windsor and Prahr&ti;, whn had persistently kept open, had closed their establishment since Sunday, 27th October. The U3uil weekly mcctiug of the committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society was held yesterday; Mr, Morgan in the chair. Tho state of the house was re ported as follows Number remaining last week, 653 ; admitted since, 40; discharged, 42; died, 2 (from meningitis, William Jack, thirty-nine years, native of London; from general debility, Joseph Slarkc, eighty years, native of Berkshire); re maining, 321 men, 143 women,. and 115 children; in alt, 679. At the nauio tintn last year there wore 794 men, 1-12 women, and 104 children. There aro 124 men, 2D women and 8 children sick ; 4 men. stone- breakiug; 14 bag malting, 172 oakum picking, Ac.; anil 7 working outside; 12 women In tho laundry ; ill sewing, bair-teasing, &o.; The nightly average of casuals duriug the week was 23 males and 4 femaica. Outdoor relief was given to 3 families, or 14 indivi duals, on presenting the relief cards of tho Eociety. 