OiJR PA.EIS LETTER. (FT.OM omt OWN COEHESrOXDEXT.) PARIS, October 26th. I France boasts of many " three glorious days," bat none can surpass the triu which commenced on Sunday last, continued on Mniidsy in the distribution of recompenses, and terminated on Tuesday, by inflicting on "Versailles, the hot- bed of reactioiiism, and the focus of hostility against the Exhibition, a magnificent ball, that ought to start the relic even of a phantom in the palace sacred to all the glories of France. On each day the weather threatened to be awful, and there were .journals unpatriotic enough to rejoice, but afer a few hours the sun ap peared in Austerlitz splendor. Flags, lan terns and fireworks were everywhere, and, as usual, the population went in for the mat ter alone. The days of official illuminations are over, and the joy of their people, their sobriety, tranquility and even kindncs when in crowds. The free theatres were filled to overflowing, the spectators attending in Sun day costume; policemen were as scarce as dodos, indeed it is now becoming an axiom, that when .von desire Parisians to keep the peace, the best manner is to invite each citi zen to act a* special, moral, constable. Only dynasties require force to ensure obedience, and coercion to secure quietness. The distribution -of the prizes was a bril liant affair, but it was also dashed with melancholy, and tinged with regret. Only think of 22,000 people joyful and sorrowful a± once ; happy at the success of vast united efforts, and sad that these had ceased to bo col lective. As for the decoration of the palace, and the march of the ceremony, nothing was amiss; the right thing was in the risjht place. Some journalists complain of having been overlooked, which, perhaps, could not be helped, as space was "limited, but strangers can have this much consolation that French editors fared even worse. The Marshal's speech was the political event; the Minister of Agriculture recapitulated the results of the. Show, and expatiated on its morale. The ladies were charmed with a look at many great ones of the earth, and delighted with the collection of brilliant uni forms, none but rejoiced at the awards be stowed or the honors conferred. The Mar shal's speech was not a common place mat ter ; in it he makes his public reconciliation with the Republic ; be confesses it to be a success to have secured honor, glory, peace, and prosperity for the country ; avows the Exhibition just closed has surpassed all that this country has ever witnessed. Imagine the importance of the discourse posted in every .Mayoralty, and on all the spare hoardings of France, at the moment, too, when the Senatorial elections are on the eve of opening, and when the Monarchal journals were twice a day and twice a week preaching up the contrary. If MacMahon continues to employ his common sense in this manner the Republicans will save him from being eaten up by the defeated factions, by elect ing him President for the second term, and thus give their new riqhne the necessary time to train its friends to executive and ad ministrative duties. The charge hitherto against the Republic was that it gave neither fetes nor balls-we have just had a surfeit of them; that no crowntd heads came to the Exhibition-in stead, we have had to be crowued ones. The poor Sultan can hardly go to a mosque, much less to come to Paris ; the Emperor of Ger many is otherwise occupied, and the Social ists keep Prince Bismarck well employed; as for the Emperor of Russia, between the Ni hilists and his Asiatic perplexities, England on one side and China on the other, he may be excused remaining at home. Only think that the Exhibition and its collateral ad van vantages and pleasures just cost only the price of one year's civil list of Napoleon III., less coup <1 etal; wars for ideas, planting of Latin races and expulsion of Gallic ones, im moral invasions, and a keeping of Europe in a state of general unrest. Bat a word abont the ball at Versailles, the naughty city did not invest even in an oil lamp, save the official residences. In deed, it struck me the reactionist inhabitants observed curfew hours for that night exclu sively, in order to vex the invited.0 All was dark, muddy, aud dismal, till the palace gates were reached, and hero a circular row of electric lamps were ranged round the <reat captains of France, and seemed to surest a preparation to move on, " like the ghost in Don Giovaui." There Las been much ex aggeration abont the organisation. Ladies who had not patience to sit in their carriages till their tarn came for an advance, stepned across the court-yard to save time; this is com mon at all receptions. The cloak room was too small, and the attendants iiiexp;;ricuced, so there was an ugly crush. I have expe rienced something not unlike it at Bucking ham Palace. Then the packing in the ante chamber was trying, but people should be prepared for all this. How long did Lord Chesterfield keep Dr. Johnston waiting Time works wonders. The door was opened to allow the Marshal and his suite of princes and princesses to pass, and then common mortals showed how they were exhausted by laying siege to an admirably served buffet that soon put everyone into good humor. I met a coiv'rcre, the most philosophical of fellows on ordinary occasions, seated on a canape. He had a Medeusa-soft expression of countenance. He was three hours blocked not in ice-but in a Roman bath-room. In addition he had lost his wife, and all that apparently remained of her to celebrate a silver wedding, was a lace mantle and some yards of tulle. I volunteered to discover the missing link, and carried off the intellectual creature, who was deep in Confucius with a professor of Oriental languages, and a man darin with all buttons on his blouse, so he must be a mighty man in Gath. The gal lery of mirrors, and of chandeliers in crystal, ?with countless lights ; an orchestra at each extremity, and SO couples whirling away at once, was sufficient to cure ono of the tooth ache, or think kindly for five minutes of your mother-in-law. How nice to get a friendly nod and a pretty smile from a°lady as she sails and pivots to the " Bine Danube " waltz ! It makes yon desperately courageous and you resolve to keep up to the last, by steadily marching on for the buffet at the South Pole, when a lady, left by a heartless spouse in the wallflower position, begs to take pity on her, and in the name of " auld lang syne," show her who's who and get her an ice. For being interested in Sunday schools, she said she could now; un derstand the touching appeal of Dives to Father Abraham. Well a stand up supper a good square meal, with Russians before yon, Turks behind you, Austrians on the left) Chinese on the right, English and American everywhere, 40 different names for the wing of a chicken, 30 do for a salmon, 20 for an ice, 10 for champagne, and none for thanks. Such wa3 the manner one supped before the great battle scene of "Aboukir," aud the " distribution of the eagles," The return to the Vestiary was equal to Stanley's «' Across the dark continentit was uncertain where you might emerge. There was a scramble for_ your coat, but the assistants were so obliging as to allow you to help yourself. A French general, with as many medals as a sewing machine manufacturer, bemoaned neither the loss of hi3 cloak, nor his Kepi, but his cigars, these gone, like life, weregane for ever. The Clerical and Monarchial parties have tried to make capital out of the funeral of Mgr. Dupanloup. The play was not worth the candle; the deceased was a fighting soldier, never a general, nor a leader? He ever went bravely into a battle, and adver saries respected him for his zeal; but none feared Ilia blows. He had his Marengo and Austerlitz, but finished ivith his Waterloo, ?when he joined the late intrigues against.the Republic. No political bishop ranks high in Prance, save in his own little set Mgr. Dupanloup was not a bishop in the sense°of caring for his sheep. When he arrived in his diocese, it was to write some phamphlet, or publish some letter. He had not the-sany froid necessary for an administrator, nor the spirit of charity and toleration to catch men. He was not popular with his clergy, and his sentences for them were without appeal. The Repnblic intends at once inquiring into the dependency of the lower clergy on the Episcopal Bench, for there are some cryin» abuses here to redrees. The deceased was cordially hated by the late Pope, who had no necessity to boast "he would never make Mgr. Dupanloup a cardinal," for the latter, \- being an illegitimate child, was thus disquali fied for the hat. While lying in state in the Cathedral, many persons brought objects to touchthe bishop's lips and hands. Patience ! In a little time hs will work miracles. The Free Masons have had their concert at the Trocaden, and, what was equally good, a banquet in the Continental HoteL After aldermen, Masons, perhaps, dine best; proof that the Order has a sound constitution. It is an objection against the Republic, that it is formed by Free Masons; this may ac count for the sympathy o£ the Prince of Wales for France, as he is a brother of the mystic tie, and in the Seventh Heaven of the mysteries. He showed good tact in not at tending the recent festival. At present, his enjoying the fun would have been miscon strued. was he not with them in spirit? Since the rainy season has set in, the* as. pecfc of the Exhibition and grounds is misery itself, and t^iose children of the sun and blue kies-the Arabs, and the Tunisians-how unhappy th%y look, shivering like reeds, de spite the heaviest ulsters, and living on nothing but -coffee* sugar-candy, and dates. The weatherdisposes of one point, the utter inutility of proposing that Parisians will ever go, during the winter, to hear a concert at the Incarden, or even to witness a spec tacle on the Ch&nsp; de Mars. There is no convenient, comfortable, or direct way of reaching places. However, in winter, citizens do not pass beyond the Port d Altna. The Hippodrome curtains, then, all the god's ttrxnhiK A great deal of fuss has been made about a few idiots that essayed to start some . Socialistic sjheme in Paris. The accused have received a moderate sentence, others a sublime waroiug, and the rest bid to go, and sin no more. But the interesting point in the trial was that the fnnds to organise the Socialistic agitation here, were supplied by Berlin. Priuce Bismarck's journal would be better employed commenting on this, than on the proudish tone of MacMahon's speech. The French are not bound to solicit Gorman permission to be proud, still less to cease to be in mourning. Iudced, France has too long been crying over her disasters-if per sisted in, her friends will view the matter as a farce. A nation with a budget having a surplus; the Bank of France with two mil lions of gold in its cellars ; people paying the year's taxes in advance; schools springing up everywhere, and funds being voted like water to ameliorate every branch of education, from its first to its highest degrees ; no So cialism ; a splendid arm}'; war materiel re' placed-all this ought not to be forgotten, neither by herself, nor Germany. Covetousness will burst the bag. The splendid Avenue del' Opera, despite its elcctric lights, is not letting well, save to mountebanks, who dry the plaster of the shops. " Landlords think they only have to fix a rent, to obtain it, and, in many cases, they are right. In the mean time, the elan of fashion has been missed by the new avenue, and carriages, aud the buying class of strangers keep faithful to the Rue de la Paix, which is not a Paternoster Row, as some writers have described it. Until the Municipality tax all unoccupied premises, landlords will not seek to come to terms. They do not understand that the loss of a year's rent represents a reduction over a term of years. Club3 are springing up, but excepting military ones, where the Minister of War forbids play, the others are not much better than gambling dens. The Prince, of Orance is head of a new dab, whose director was once Governor of Baden KurstiuU I would recommend Englishmen to be very cautious before accepting the hospitality of these est tablishments, which are on the look-out for the debris of the bankrupt Eaglish club. In-the 2satioual Library an oriental scholar is a constant reader ; he niake3 his own clothes, by means of paper and glue, and Dry as-dusts complain his presence is a plague. The President of the Senate, and the Arch bishop of Paris became acquainted for the first time at.M. Dnpenloup's funeral. The Bank of France, though bound to do so, issues no more lOQf. notes ; it will give gold instead. Only seven years ago its coffers were empty, aud a fivc-frauc note was a joy for ever. Printing on luminous paper is announced, and so will dispense with caudles. Edison is not named as* the inventor. Soon we shall have luminous clothes ; capital for dark nights. The condemned Communists at large were in process of being looked after. The series F," has just been entered upon ; by the time X.Y.Z. would be reached, many of the condemned would be grandfathers ; and, so, unrecognisable. This ridicule will kill the opposition against the amnesty, for the dupes of the Commune. Voung wife, just married -" Francois and I have had our first, quarrel: he insisted he loved me most, wlhle I maintained I loved myself best." . " Apartments to let immediately, or sooner, if necessary," are advertised. 