AT the Theatre Royal, Mr. Rignold's engagement in the drama of '' Henry V." was, after a successful run of six "weeks, followed by the appearance on October 19 of Mr. Wybert Reeve as Count Fosco in an adaptation of '' The Woman in White." The play was well put on the stage and very well cast, and Mr. Reeve was highly successiul in his impersonation of the Italian Count. Mr. Reeve next appeared as Captain Wragge in the drama of " No Name," founded, of course, oil Mr. Wilkie Collins's popular novel. After playing a fortnight Mr. Reeve gave place to Mr. Rignold, who resumed liis part in " Henry V." with great success during tlie holiday season. At the Opera-house Mr. Creswick has appeared in a round of his favourite characters, comprising Othello, Falstaff, Shylock, Mr. Oakly, and Wolsey. On the 21st October " Macbeth" was produced, with Mr. Creswick in the title rule, and Mrs. Steele as Lady Macbeth. The tragedy was never better placed upon the Victorian stage. Miss Lydia Howarde created a highly favourable impression by the excellent manner in which she represented the part of Hecate. At the Academy of Music a piece entitled " The Mavis" was produced, and on the 19th October it was rejdaced by " Minerva," an adaptation of " Ma Belle Mere," the cast including Mr. Dorsay Ogden and Miss Beatrice. On tlie 26th October a new version of " Oliver Twist" was performed, in which Miss Beatrice gave a highly creditable representation of Nancy, and Mr. Ogden achieved a decided success as Bill Sykes. The chief item in connexion with the Princess's Theatre was the production of a piece called " The Flying Buck," which was, in fact, a slightly altered version of '' Flying Scud." This was produced during the race week, and its appropriateness to the time secured it a large measure of success. Besides the regular theatres there have been a large number of amusements of other kinds. Thus Mr. D'Arcy Read's '' Ghost" has been entertaining large numbers of people at the Athenseum-hall; and the United States Minstrels, at St. George's hall, received their share of public patronage. A new diorama, called " The Mammoth Mirror of the Russo- Tiii'kish War," has been exhibited at tlie Town-hall; and some moonlight and electric-light concerts, arranged by Mr. Herz, have been given on the Melbourne Cricket-ground in the presence of great crowds of spectators. The Monday Popular Concerts have latterly enjoyed a high share of public approval. At the concert on the 21st October, Ada WiUetts, aged 10 years, a native of Ballarat, a most beautiful and gifted young girl, played pianoforte selections from Ascher, Gottsclialk, Thalberg, and Handel, and in doing so exhibited really extraordinary skill, and a most satisfactory development, considering her age, of a finelytouched musical faculty. She played for the last time on the 28th October, before a large audience in the Town-hall. We are informed that she is now to be taken to complete her musical education amongst the best schools in Europe. Mdlle. Olga Duboin, the pianiste, lias been the other attraction at these concerts during the month. The Melbourne German Liedertafel gave their 122nd concert at Hockin's Assembly-rooms on the 28th October. 