OVERDALE; < / ' . ' OB, ; THE STORY OF A. PERVERT. ' , ' By' Emma JaneWorboise. ' - < CHAPTER XLVII.I — Continued. 1 Cr 0 N,B I N, TO . , "-It B.TjB E-A/f :. ' ' Since her departure from England Mr. Aylmer had not -written,1 and Agatha'was beginning to suppose that 'the separation' to which she had been compelled involved alBO an absolute silence. That seemed too cruel. At least she had expected to hear from him and to write to 1 him in return, for he was her husband, her ' very own, by all the laws of God and of man ; and surely no stern craed, no arrogating church, could completely interpose itself between them ! She had not anticipated so utter a blank, and morning by morning she grew ferverishly anxious when the English post came in. Would he never write again ? she asked herself, oh so sadly ! While the rose leaves and the faded blossoms fluttered down, and the acacia leaves thrilled in the soft wind above her. " Has he quite given me up ? Did he ever love me ? Ah, yes, he loved me ; he loves me still iu spite of himself ; to the last I will believe that. To think that he should be so blinded, so deluded, so ready to believe that which the Word of God disallows ! And so noble a mind, so high an intellect, to bow to this abject, debasing superstition. 'This is indeed the loftiness of ,man brought down. Oh, my love, what has infatuated you that you should fling away the pure faith of the Gospel for this tniserable refuge of lies ?" Agatha unconsciously spoke aloud,' and Lady ;Jane suddenly awaking, asked what , she was saying to her. . " I was talking to myself, I believe," Baid Agatha; "I did not know I spoke aloud. I r was ; wondering when I shall hear of if not from Eustace '; it seems a weary while Bince we /quitted Overdale." "My dear, I should like to hear from him, .iboth for his sake and for your own ; but I am (really losing patience with him myself. His .conduct seems to be something little short of (insanity. I could almost wish he were insane, \- it / would excuse so much that is really in excusable;" \- . " Do not be angry with him, Jane. As wise ; men as he have gone over to the Church of Rome, : However we may wouder and deplore, \ we can scarcely blame his conscientiousness. -Think how much he is sacrificing; friends, position, preferment, to some extent character, -and the domestic peace and happiness which no Tone, knows better how to appreciate. He would .'not, do all this Bave at the sternest dictates of j conscience. " /,/"" He would not, I am persuaded ; but alas ! he has mistaken the deceitful impulses of his own' heart for the voice of conscience. Oh, Agatha, I deeply regret now that long ago rl aid - not speak more plainly, more faithfully, I. did not know, 1 cannot suppose that my weak J -words would influence him ; and yet, spoken in the might of One with whom is all truth and all wisdom, they might have sunk' deep into his jheart. A mere child's .utterance has been .blessed before . now. 'Not by ; might, nor by /.power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts.'" , /"Do you remember when you first perceived /the change !" asked Agatha., , , I can hardly say, ; even as a boy Eustace / held doctrines of what was then called the High Church; party. He gave to the Church,; that is ' to the clergy and to the canons and rubrics, an authority which is God's only. Very early he 'learnt' to multiply forms and ceremonies, and ; even , during Augusta's lifetime he /sometimes startled/me by saying things which showed he ' was 'not' 'resting on the one sure foundation of faith— on our Lord Jesus Christ Himnnlf. 'Eustace's religion seemed to me to exalt man 'and man's decrees to the place which is the 'Lord's; -it gave to ordinances a power which ' belongs only to God's Holy Spirit. Indeed I .cannot but think that the constant recurrence ;tb external rule and aid, instead of to a living, 'internal principle, is little less than blasphemy /against the Holy Ghost. Also it seemed to' me that Eustace and those who thought with him made essential as .matters of faith many things which are not expressly contained in God's Word. That was long ago, and I feared that he had erred from the simplicity of the Gospel, -and lent an ear to cunningly devised fables. Then' you came among us, the morbid spell was broken, a healthy human interest was awakened ; there was a struggle,1 as you know, and a pure, , hallowed affection conquered. Then I hoped (for better days. I thought the tide of error 'had - turned, and that the light of truth would some brighter and brighter every year. 1 left you with so much hope; Agatha ; I knew that -you held the truth in all its simplicity, the very .truth itself, salvation through Jesus Christ alone, the only Mediator, the sole propitiation for the sins of the wprld ; and I did not think that even Eustace could lead you very far astray." "No, thank God ! the light of His truth was never extinguished in my soul; but I sinned greatly, Jane; I seemingly countenanced that '-(which I knew to be most dangerous error. I -even' tried to think.it was really the truth, only r the truth1 wrapped up in a shape to which I was > unaccustomed. I allowed myself to be apparently ' convinced ; I loved my husband so much that / J'I could not bear to stand in opposition to him. Out of my very idolatry for him I tried to force "myself into his creed, and when God's blessed Spirit would not let me bind on the fetters I was clasping, I only strove still more de- terminately to content myself with what I /inwardly knew was not food but poison. I was (/not quite happy, for all the while I felt that the ' danger was increasing, the darkness deepening. Still' I ' lived in such a dream of happiness. I ' had my husband, who was all the world to me ; I had my little darlings as one after another they came to crown my joy of happy wifehood. I had the affections and the respect of the elder children. Even Rosamund gave me not only the honour due to her father's wife, but the kindly feeling and loving thought of a younger 1 sister. Ah ! I was happy indeed in my sweet, pleasant home ; and yet I longed for the one communion which was denied me j for whenever Eustace and I began to converse on religious subjects, — when even our discourse led that way, as it oontinually did, of course, I was either constrained to silence or to protest ; and, Jane, I kept silence ! I was unfaithful to my God who had enabled me to see clearly His own simple and eternal truth. I held my peace because I would not grieve my husband, because I could not bear to differ from him. Yes,. I E laced him first. I see it now. He should ave been next to God, and he came before Him. And now — now — I was going to say I am punished, but I will not look upon my Heavenly Esther's interference as mere punishment — it is His kindly chastening, His own loving correction, His voicq Baying to me, ' Little children, keep yourselves from idols.' It is rather more than a year ago since I became cognisant of a change in Eustace ; — he was kind and tender as ever, but so reserved, and he returned to his old habit of shutting himself up in his study or in the church. Then began those observances which, ever developing and amplifying, have brought the services in Overdale churcb to the verge of Romanism ; then sprang up that Btrong spirit of Ritualism which is growing and spreading everywhere. Alas, alas, for Protest ant England ! I spoke then, but all iu vain ; it was too late. I might as well have entreated the waves at half-tide not to come to flood. My husband was very gentle but very firm. I saw that I could no more move him than I could move one of our own proud cliffs. He strove to convince me ; he argued, but I could not — oh, 1 am so thankful I could not ! — be led by the man I loved into fatal error. Oh, I could give up everything but my simple faith in Christ ! I must go straight to Him, rely solely upon Him. The ordinances of the Church are channels of grace, but no more the grace itself than are the pipes through which the water flows, the veritable fluid without which we could not live. And oh, Jane, that horrible doctrine of Transubstantiation ! When first I heard my husband, standing up in his pulpit, pointing to the altar, say boldly that after the words of consecration, that bread, which came out of our own kitchen, would be Christ's very flesh , and that wine, which I had given out my self the day before, would be our Lord's own precious blood , my heart sank within me, and I could have cried out with horror. I did not go up to the communion rails that day. People thought I was ill, for it was only a few weeks before my baby was born ; but I could not go, Jane. I could no longer seem, to be an idolater ! And when 1 saw my husband and his curates bowing down to the mere creatures of bread and wine,— the rest of the loaf had doubtless been finished in the kitchen, and the rest of the wine was in our own cellar, — when I saw them kneel, almost prostrate themselves, before the senseless elements, :I could bear it no longer, and I wept as 1 have not wept since my childish days. Eustace was grieved and even angry, but I could not help it. I do not wish now that I had helped it. 1 could not but think of the 44th of Iaaiali, of the man who made the graven image and worshipped it, while with the residue of the wood he warmed himself and roasted roast. I suppose the heathen have their view of transub stantiation also ; it is not the mere wood they adore, else why not adore the chipB ? It is the thing which, being fashioned and graven, they believe to become instinct with the spirit of their god, their very god himself." Just then they saw Claude coming from the house, and with him. Ralph Mornington. ."Here is; an unexpected visitor for you, mater,!' cried Claude, trying to speak freely, but looking very pale and stern. ; "Is anything the matter?" asked Agatha, her- poor heart sinking as she spoke. " Tell me, Claude, if anything has happened to your father. I can bear it — bear anything but suspense." " Mr. Aylrner is quite well, dear Mrs. Aylmer,'' said Ralph, kindly, "but he wished me to bring news of him." ; And then Ralph told his story. Mr. Aylmer had openly joined the Church of Rome. He had been publicly received into communion at Hoveness on the Feast of the Translation of St. Martin. Of course he was no longer rector of Overdale. Also, he had pledged himself to .some monkish fellowship or community ; Ralph thought the Oratorians of St. Phillip Neri, but he was not sure. . And, finally, the ex- rector of Overdale was now " in retreat " at the celebrated college of Upcott, which everybody knows is five miles or more from the great manufacturing town of Blackingham, in -Midlandshire, - and little more than .two miles from' , the small, ancient town; of Sutton Magna, where the Galbraitlis lived. CHAPTER XLIX. HETTY/3: CONFIDENCE. Yes ! everybody knew it' now, and Overdale »was - naturally in commotion ; Mr. Aylmer had resigned the living, he .had left the Rectory, and he was "gone into retreat whatever that might mean, " as' Miss Grierson said when she communicated the tidings to Helen Bellamy and the governess, when she met them going to the post-office. Helen and Miss Binder perfectly understood the term, and they did their best to explain it to Miss Grierson, who remarked, " Well, if it could be done properly, it would not be such a bad thing after all. Such as I do not want it — I am not so poor as to have to work for my living in any way, and I am rich enough to keep as many thorough servants as suffice for the appointments of a house like mine — I am free from all kinds of ties, therefore I can meditate as much and as often as I choose, and I can deny myself to my friends whenever I like ; but really I should not wonder if it were not a comfort to poor married women, sometimes, to get away from an exacting husband, and nine or ten troublesome children, and all the harassing cares of a large household." " Mamma would not think it a comfort to go away from us all," said Helen ; "she takes her sewing up into her own room sometimes, and tells us she does not wish to be disturbed, and she thinks and meditates there, I fancy, for she always comes down gentler and sweeter and kinder than ever ; that is her retreat, and 1 am sure she wants no other. I have an aunt who makes a ' retreat,' though she does not call it that, every evening, but if she goes upstairs in a bad temper she generally comes down in a 'worse, and if she leaves the drawing-room in a pretty amiable 'mood, she not unfrequently returns with what my cousin Harry calls ' her cloudy face.' " " I wonder," said Miss Binder, " whether it is really good to have set times for meditation and devotional reading, over and above the regular morning and evening exercises." " I think, my dear," replied Miss Grierson, "that every person must judge for himself in such cases. You know the old proverb, 'What is one man's meat is another's poison,' and what is wholesome and beneficial to you may have just the contrary effect on me. It may do one person the greatest good to have a regular quiet hour for religious duties — such as you say your aunt has, Helen ; and it may do another person the greatest harm, by engendering spiritual pride and undue self-complacency — a sort of disguised Phariseeism, in fact." "In short," said Miss Binder, "I suppose it all depends upon the effect it has upon our frames of mini ? " "No, my dear, that is a grand mistake ; do not set out with an idea that ' frames of mind ' are of much value. If this retirement or retreat, as we may call it, calms the mind, and elevates the feelings so as to influence the life, all well and good ; but everything must be judged, I think, by the effect it has upon one's outer life. If the temper is more subdued, if there is more kindness, and unselfishness, and patience, cheerfulness in our intercourse with others, then the 'retreat' is doing us good, and, through us, working for the good of others. But if it does not so result, if rather we feel more touchy and uncharitable, and less for bearing and considerate, then I should say it does us harm. My dear girls, it seems to me that in these things we must judge each sine for ourselves, asking God to show us ourselves, that we may know our true motives and not impute to ourselves virtues which we really do not possess. The great mischief is, that we are all so fond of judging for one another, prescribing for our friends rather than seeking to cure our own maladies. We like people to believe as we believe ; not only do we insist upon their holding the same truths, as we esteem them, but we require , them to receive our interpre tation of the same ; if we could all leave off being intolerant how good it would be ! I have heard it said, 'Never preach to people unless you love them;' and I think it would be as well to add, ' Never pray for people, and then go and exhibit before them your own moral ugliness in the way of temper, gloom, or irritability.' But all this has nothing to do with Mr. Aylmer, poor man ; into ' retreat ' he has gone, true enough, and let us hope it may be good for him, showing him the error of his ways. Are you going into the post-office ?" "Yes ; mamma wants some mending cotton, and we want wools. Ah ! here are Miss Roberts and the three Misses Harrison ; are you coming-in,- Miss Grierson ?" Miss Grierson was; so Hetty's shop was; pretty full, as it very often was on a fine! morning, when all the Overdale ladies turned; out together ; and Hetty and her sister /found! more than enough to do in serving, , ,tbeir numerous customers. /' "Well, young ladies, I hope you are pleased, with your pastor," said Miss Griersbn, grimly; accosting the three Misses Harrison all at once. ! "I suppose it is quite true?" said Misa Laura, doubtfully. "Harriet will have it that.it is an invention of the Dissenters," remarked Miss Harrison,; she was going to say of the Bellamyites, only, that she caUglit sight of Helen's curls just in time to save herself from such a breach of politeness. " But Miss Roberts says it is a fact that Mr. Aylmer is at Upcott." "A very sad fact;" said Roberta: "the papers are full of it this morning/ There is a: paragraph in one of the London papers entitled ' Another Romish Pervert,' and the Times has a leader on the subject of Romanising in fluences, and Mr. Aylmer's name is/ freely mentioned." ' ' / ' ! " And he has really deserted his/poor wife ?" asked 'Dorothy Harrison. "But he cannot divorce her ; the law would not allow that ?" " '.'.Certainly not ; neither do I suppose Mr. Aylmer would, wish it. /She is still Mrs. Aylmer, and will live in all honour and comfort — only he is at Upcott, intending, I believe, to remain there, and she is at Rouen." . " Avery nice sort of life for married people !" said Miss Grierson. "Young ladies, take warning — have nothing to do with these fickle, unreliable, heartless creatures of the male sex ; don't indulge in the doubtful luxury of a husband. I am afraid, Roberta, my advice comes too late for you. Suppose after six years' happy marriage Mr. Bell should take it into his head that the celibacy of the clergy, .was desirable, and send you off to some, continental town, to be as happy as you could under the circumstances!" , "lam not afraid," replied Roberta, smiling. " Mr. Bell doeB not hold Mr. Aylmer's views ; if he did he would not, of course, .wish , for my society. They parted you know, because .they differed so essentially." - "I never thought Mr. Aylmer would go so far," was Miss Laura's comment., " It is impossible to say how far any one will go when once he has deliberately crushed out the light of truth in his soul," said Roberta. " There is light for all, but if we reject it, if we wilfully blind ourselves, then indeed may we expect to be given over to strong delusion, so that we believe a lie." I never could hold your creed, Roberta," replied Harriet. "I do not ask you to hold it, I only ask you to seek the truth for yourself ; seek it in God's holy Word, by the help of His blessed Spirit. There is no infallible Church, no perfect Church on earth : what we call Churches are only parts of ,one great whole — the Holy Catholic Church." "And to that Church I claim to belong, not only by Baptism, but by participation in all its rites," returned Harriet, earnestly, for she was very much in earnest, more so than either of her sisters ; " It is my joy and my glory that I am a true Catholic, or at least striving hard so to be." "There, then, we quite agree ; and I know Miss Grierson, and Miss Bellamy, and I believe Miss Binder, are of the same mind." "They are Dissenters ; they are enemies of the one true Church ; and yon, Miss Roberts,; though nominally within her pale, are . sady| half-hearted in her interests,/ Nay, in .worship- ping with schismatics, have you not virtually separated yourself from your mother Church ?" " No, I have not. By schismatics you mean, of course, our friends at the Dene. . Well, they are not schismatics. It is a common but very stnpid mistake to suppose that all Dissenters are schismatics. It is they who, by promulgating error within the ancient fold, drive the sheep to seek other and more satisfying .pastures, who actually commit the sin of schism. I believe there are certain canons which declare'Dissenters to be schismatics, and by which they are excom municated." " What does schism mean ?" "In the New Testament, on w&ich; we al profess to found our doctrine, it means dissension among Christians who ought to be united as brethren; This is the view taken of it by St. Paul in the first epistle to the Corinthians. It is not schismatical to refuse to unite with fellow- Christians in those things which our hearts and judgments tell us are contrary to the law of Christ. When Mr. Aylmer openly avowed his belief in what we call Transubstantiation— when he bowed down before the table of the Lord, adoring as God mere bread and wine, I could join with him no longer ; he became an idolater, and I could not, as one of Christ's disciples, any longer worship with him. And, therefore, he was the schismatic. I do not wish to call hard names, but you used the term yourself, Harriet. He, not I, separated from the true doctrine.; he upheld a false doctrine and a corrupt practice, and so committed schism. I could not, as I said, any longer join in the services of the dear old church, where I had bent my knee from childhood. There were other Christians, holding services in which I could conscientiously and profitably take part, and with them I felt myself constrained to worship, since I could not forsake the assembling of ourselves together, But I am no Nonconformist. I hold the so- called Church of England. I cannot quite see with my friends at the Dene, whose new church is to be on Congregational principles. But that does not prevent us from being happy together; we all hold the same essentials. On some things we are agreed to differ. I hope we are too wise to be scared by the demon Uniformity. . /When once you begin to force all minds into the same mould you graft human inventions on a Divine institution. Do you not remember how a schism arose in the Church of Antioch? Paul openly resisted Peter and Barnabas, because of their Judaising doctrine and practice. Was he, then, a schismatic, or were they not rather the offenders ? So now, those who see and feel that there is in the Anglican Church a disregard' of Christ's authority, feel compelled to abandon it,; their duty is imperative ; therefore their Non conformity cannot be schism, though arrogance and narrow-mindedness may term it such. (Let it be called what it will, such separation is honourable, and to the glory of God." . . - " But such.people set at naught all authorities, .all proper discipline." " Their discipline is a. little more stringent than you are aware ; as for authority, they acknowledge only that of Christ. And, Harriet, .if you .really go back to the primitive times you are /so.'fpnd of quoting, you will find that all the apoBtolic churches were independent ; and in those . early ages there were no associations of churches under one human headship, such as .the Church of England, or the Church of Scotland, as we bave it in this day. Oh, if Christians would only , strive for unity instead of uni formity, which is a mere ignis flatuus, what might they not do against the world ; and Satan ? Then, indeed; would the kingdoms /of this world speedily. become of our Lord ; and,/of His,, Christ,, and , He . should at. once reign for ;ever." /.. './; '..// ... ./,.-( // 'f.It strikes-./me" .said /Miss Grierson"';and Mr. Ralph Mornington sees it in the same light- that while any part /of the Established Church persists , in attributing any sanctity to the mere elements administered iu Holy Communion, there will always be a direct , tendency to the Roman, heresy oi transubstantiation. " " But, " said Laura, looking quite horrified, " you. would not regard the bread and wine on the altar as .the same after it was consecrated .as before;?"; ' ! '<i <>,' oW " Precisely the same ! I deny that (it ' can :be consecrated ! Certain words said over it do not really alter its constitution. And I- think thejmere pretence of consecration is mischievous, for it leads onto more ; it encourages a 'super stitious mysticism, which ends too frequently, as in the case of Mr. Aylmer and many others, in downright idolatry. And where are we to draW;the line ? Once admit that the bread ; and wine used in the Sacrament are different after the ' Prayer of Consecration,' as the Rubric styles it, : from; what; they were prior to -the utterance oi that prayer, and you at once open the door, to the supernatural, and to a monstrous error:"..! ; I \- '? Rut .the Evangelical Church does not hold that the bread and wine are other than what they seem to be," said Roberta." '( "It professes, certaihiy, that the bread re mains bread, and the wine remains wine ; but, : then, why does it, consent to humour the de lusion by not permitting the residue tojbe carried out of the church ? Why, if any of the bread and wine which was ' consecrated ' remain, should it be immediately after the blessing ' reverently ' consumed by such of the commun icants as the 'priest ' shall call to him? Some years ago I received the Communion privately with an aunt of mine who was in dying circum stances, and I was struck with the solemnity with which the minister drained the last drop from the small cup, and scrupulously gathered up every crumb from the three or four pieces of bread which had been required. All this, whatever may be said to the contrary, tends to an unworthy superstition, which ends in a sensuous miracle. Oh ? presumptuous undertaker, Never bread could bake its baker, Yet a man can make his Maker I " (To be continued. ) A Northern minister was introduced to a coloured minister, and enquired after his work " I preaches, sah, on Col, Gordon's plantation. " How many coloured people have you there?' " Well, . sah, about a hundred and seventy-five.'' "And. how many have you in your church?" "Dat 'pends, sah, altogeddher on de time ob de .year. .In ,de 'vival time dey's all members! -In / de .back;slidin' time dere's nobody, members . but but fOitqle Billy ahd.ole Aunt Katyi" . -it ir ! <'; 