Hum tirt Sfejfsi. ENGLAND. A NEW J5ISH01' 1'OIt SCOTLAND. Whatever form the new ecclesiastical arrangements for Scotland may ultimately assume, it is certain some addition will be made to the episcopate north of tho Tweed, and we behove one of the new bishops is already selected, namely, the Rev. Richard Gell M'Mullcn, sit present missionary rector of St. Mary's, Cadogan Terrace, Chelsea, and one of the canons of the cathedral chapter of the Archbishop of Westminster. The bishop-elect, who is a native of Kent, and was born about tho year lSlu, was elected in 1828 to a scholarship at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, where he took his bachelor's degree in Michaelmas term, 1832, obtaining a second- class iu classical honours. In due course he succeeded to a fellowship, and was appointed Latin reader and dean of his college. Ho professed himself a convert to the Catholic faith about the same time with Dr. Newman, and, having been re-ordaiued iu tho Church of his adoption, becaino successively attached to tho mission in Webb-street, Southwark, and the Bavarian Chapel, in Warwick- street, Golden-square. For tho laat iifteeu years or thereabouts he haB beon attached to the mission at Chelsea, as stated above. CARDINAL MANNING ON I'ATUElt MAITHEW. Recently an immense assemblage of the members of the Total Abstinence League of tho Cross filled Exeter Hall, London, to celebrate the birthday of the great Apostle of Tomperance, the Very Rev. Theobald Mathew. On silence being obtained, his Eminence said : — We have very resolute drummers and filers, and I hope they are aa resolute total abstainers. He gave them joy at this great meeting, and congratulated the Council of the league for finding out a reason for having another great meeting, as ho had been prevented by illuess from being present at the previous one on St. Patrick's Day. Referring to the occaaiou they had met to celebrate ho said that Father Mathew, by the work he had clone, had left his namo in the annals of the Catholic Church and of Ireland, aa the great Apostle of Total Abstineuco in an age when men, women, and children were being ruined by intoxication. But he was not going to tell them abou ^Father Mathew ; ho would leave that subject in the able hands of those who were, to follow after him. When a boy ho was a very loving child, . and would never leave his mother's side, and got to be culled his mother's pet. Hio mother thon little knew tho high call of that child, and that he would become the manly, vigorous apostle of temperance, and spend his talonts and hi-3 life in the salvation of souls. Nobody who now heard him could tell what might be the lot of the little one at her side. The fire of the Holy Spirit of God might kindle in its heart the spirit to do with more power and vigour vvliat wo have com menced, and follow in the footsteps of Father Mathew. To fathers and mothers., he said, ' Foster in your children the ftrat deposition a to deny themselves as total abotainers. Do not let them get the first taste of intoxicating drink in their mouths. Let them never know what it is.' His Eminence congrat\i« tatsd them on the success of the League. They had had, indeed, many trials to go through. Thoy had to sustain the cross fire of grave foes who mistook their object, and that of jokes from their jocular friends. Our graver foes were frightened but our jocular foes wore the worst. There are but few men who can stand against jokes ; they did more harm than solid arguments. Ho believed there were men who would ataud firmer against the ' Woolwich Infant '' than . face a joker. A great deal more joking, ] puns, and feeble ridicule had been cast over this thau any other movement. Though ho thought under the lead of a certain worthy baronet, tiie jokes had been chiefly on one ' side. But they were too much accustomed to cold water to let it damp their spirits. He trusted they had arrived at a time when the political movement, the United Kingdom Alliance, and all other movements for total abstinence throughout the country, had entered into a period in which it might bo said that with perseverance they had gained their cause. Since ho had last met them in that hall, lie had had two communications from America— one inviting him to go over to Buffalo to a public convention; but he thought it rather too far for a trip. Well, then he wa3 asked to write a letter, which ho did, bearing the congratulations of the League of the Cross on their convention. He was told that it represented twenty seven diocese in tho United States, in which 000,000 persons were pledged as total ab stainers. The ill- luck of winds and waves had prevented his letter from reaching its destination in time, but it has been printed in all the journals in. tho States. He had also received another letter, by which he heard that every member of the League in the States received a card with their name and occupation upon ifc, and this card gave them the right of fellowship and assistance throughout the States ; and he had been invited to have the same thing done here, so that any of our members who might go to America would have tho right hand of fellow-- ship held out to them wherever they went. It was a gooi hint which they would act upon. His Eminence congratulated the League on the extension of the work 3ince its commencement in Ireland so long ago by Father Mathew, and continued by two apos^ tolic prelates— the Archbishop of Cashel and the Bishop of Feins— who had most sue cessfully promoted total abstinence and the Sunday closing. His Eminence related how the good Bishop of Ferns had been so struck by seeing a young man mortally wounded in a drunken brawl on a Sunday morning that he prayed to God to give him strength to put an end to this frightful evil. And his efforts were successful, and consolidated by manifest blessings. He had, some days ago, a letter from Father Cullen, giving an account of a great public procession through tho streets of Enniscorthy, and informing him that since last February there had five branches formed, consisting of 11,000 mem bers, and they had another parish about to enter with another 1000 members. There was a branch in tho Diocesan Seminary where fifty studeuts had taken the pledge out of 100. (The Cardinal here intimated that though he had not yet 100 students in his own seminary— St. Thomas's — he was glad to see many of tho students present on this occasion, and he hoped much good for their presence.) They had beautiful medals with a cross on one side and the words ' I thirst,' and on the other the words of the pledge. They also intended to have a grand celebra* tion after All Souls, with exposition, for re paration for the sin3 of drunkenness, sermon and Pontifical Vespers. This was an admonition, continued his Eminence, of what we ought to do in Lon don. He had now a few words to address to those who did not require the pledge as a preventive against excess. He called upon them to take it for the sake of others. He protested against the League being con sidered a kind of reformatory for drunkards —against it being looked upon as an associa tion of reformed drunkards, but rather that it should be looked upon as an association of friends of God associated for tho benefit of ethers— of men who had never offended God by the sin of drunkenness. Ho wished to raise tho League to a higher level, and that was the only way to meet tho objections of those whose weapons were sarcasms and jokes. He would relate one single fact which ought to go straight to their hearts. He had it from the chaplain of a gaol, that out of twenty^seven convicts condemned to death for murder, there was only one who said he had a good mother. The mothers of the others were drunkards! Is it possible that Christian mothers can by their fearful bad | example bring devastation on their happy homes, bring their sons to crime and the ga.lows, and their daughter to infamy and shame P He wished them to leave off preaching by word of mouth, and to preach an example— example, which had moro power than any words. Bring up your chil^ dren without tho taste of intoxicating drinks enrol their names iii the League of the Cross , His Eminence concluded by reminding those present of the words of tho Sacred Heart — '' Those that are not with Mo are against Me, and those that gather not scatter.' CONVERSION AND KECEPTION OF JEWS. Afc St. Anne'a, Bpttalfields, an exceptional and interesting ceremony took place on Fri' clay evening last. The solemn reception and baptism of adult converts awaken the live liest interest at any time ; but when the con^ verts are of the ancient, but once chosen people of God, the interesting and consoling feature of a conversion is considerably enhanced. Four converts of tho Hebrew race— a mo.ther, with her two daughters and one sou— were solemnly received into the true fold on Friday last by one of the Marist fathers (the Rev. Father Selley), who was assisted by the Rev. Father Maguire, lately added to the ranks of the Marist community in London. After the Veni Creator, Father Selley' ad dressed the baptisancli, who were seated immediately in front of the Communion rails, their sponsors being in the rear. He por trayed in a very forcible and impressive manner the long-suffering patience and ten der mercy of God towards sinful man from his very creation, and dwelt particularly and touchingly upon his ever^merciful dealings with His chosen people of old, until their final rejection and crucifixion of His only beloved Son induced Him to transfer His favours to the Gentiles ; and Father Selley concluded a most powerful address by expa tiating on the signal mercy [and grace vouch safed to the happy quartette before him, who in a few moments were to be separated from the small remnant, numbering four millions of the ' outcast' people of God, to be joiaed to the blessed ranks of God's children to the new dispensation that now number nearly 250 millions of human souls. Though measures had been taken to avoid too much publicity, a number of people gathered round the baptismal font, and when the grand organ peeled forth the Te Deum, as the newly»made Catholic Christains, veiled in white, and attended by the eight spon sors, moved in slow procession up the nave to the high altar, the effect was truly touch ing and imposing. It v/aa evident to all present, from the whole bearing of these happy new children of Holy Mother the Church, that their dispositions were every thing that could be desired. May the good God ever bless them, aad make them edify ing members of the Church ! Amongst the sponsors were two superior officers of a Peruvian man^of»war of 500 marines, 30 officers, with priest on board, that is now undergoing repairs at Millwall. IRELAND. FATHER BUREE ON THE FAITH OF IEELAND, In an eloquent sermon pleadiag for the schools of the Irish Dominican Nuns of Sheffield, Father Burke, O.P., said : What is the crime that the world will be convicted for in that hour, what is the crime for which the world will be destroyed in that hour? I answer, the main sign that will be alleged against the world is that they gave up the faith of Jesus Christ. When the apostle St. Peter was drawing to the close of his magnificent career of apostleship and was giving thanks to God for all tho graces that he had received, the one grace that he selected amongst them all, the burden of his thanksgiving was, ' Oh God, I have kept the faith.' There is the crime for which the world is to be judged, to give up the faith, to give up the one sanctifying, holy, vivify ing, living faith that is only to be found upon the lips of the Church of Jesus .Christ, and is to only be found in her sanctuaries ; and, dearly beloved, when the nations whose fleets cover tho seas and whose armies crowd the hills and fill the valleys of the world, when the nations whose statesmen dictate laws to the universal earth, shall come troop ing into that valley of Jehosaphat and ascend ing each into his owa place, shall give answer for his national sin, there i3 one nation, one race, one people who in that day will also give their record ; the tale that they have to unfold will be no great recital of earthly glory, no crowning power, swaying, modify ing, guiding the dostiuies of an unwilling world ; no mighty armies dictating laws to abject and enslaved peoples ; no mighty fleets sweeping tho seas and dictating even to the nations at the ends of tho earth ; no, no great record of temporal glory, for what avail would such a record be at that moment whentimeis at an end and eternity come? No, but there is one people, o*je race, one nation that will be able to stand up in the valley of Jehosphat, and before the Son of God in judgment will be able to say with St. Paul ''Lord, we have kept tho faith, wo did the one essential thing, we fought the good fight, we finished our course, wo kept our faith.' Blessed be the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, blessed be Mary the Mother of God, biassed be Patrick and Bridget, that raca and that nation, that one voice which shall be heard will be the voice of the Irish people. Oh, dearly beloved, let not the abomination of desolation ever be seen in the holy places ol our native land, tho holy places for which our fathers died, the holy places whose firot and earliest function of consecration was no less sacred than the blood of the inavtyra that was shed on the altar steps of Ireland ! Let us keep the faith ; let not tho abomination of desolation be seen in holy places— namely, in the mind and hearts of tho people. In the mind it is infidelity, it is sin, impurity, druni kennesa, or an}' other form of corruption. Ireland has kept tho faith, but Ireland lias been driven from her parent isle in a great measure, her people have gone forth unto the ends of tho earth Quae regio in tcrris non plena uostris labor is. Where is the people that has not heard the voice of our desola tion 1 Where in the land that has not at some time or other received the footsteps of the poor exiles of this sacred island 1 They have gone forth from their Jerusalem, their home, and they have borne the message of the faith with them wherever they went. They have been the apostolic nation of the world. Their destruction at home by famine, pestilence, and death has been the keynote for all nations that they were coming who bore the light ; but whilst going .forth upon this apostolic career, founding in other lands Catholic churches and Catholic colleges, do not for a moment imagine that Ireland is in the main rather the loser than the gainer. When the Jew of old left Jerusalem and turned his face on that fatal journey towards Jericho he fell among thieves, they robbed him, they stripped him of his clothes, and not content with this, they violated and out raged him, and left him bleeding and dying on the road. Then the Samaritan found him, anel because life was not extinguished in him, because he wa3 not utterly dead, the wine and the oil of the Samaritan's charity brought him hack to the fulneos of hia life. So many an Irish father and mother groing forth from this old Jerusalem of ours and driven by sad necessity, turned their faces for some Jericho, for some land that had denied the Lord God, to some land end some people that have apostatised as a nation from the faith of Christ. They go forth and their little ones amongst them, bub they fall amoDg thieves, they fall amongst a state of society for which they were not pre pared in tLe earlier days of their Catholic faith. They are weaned away by a thousand stratagems and rnean3, all to'assimilace them with the people amongst whom to have gone and to make them also give up their faith — first the children fall away, the orphans are caught up into Protestant asyfums-=the poor find no refuge but in Protestant work houses, where the very first and primary consolations or their faith are denied them. The little children baptized by Irish Catholic parents, belonging by sacramental claims and history to one holy Catholic Church which alone can save thems they are led away to Protestant colleges until, as they grow up the strange aight i3 seen of Irish minds refusing to believe and Irish lips blaspheming the namo of the Lord. But the Irish Church follows them in their exile, seeks to have them abroad as well a3 at home; the priest, the monk, the nun, they are at their work. Ungracious, indeed, ia the task when not only has the child to be saved by instruction and education, and care, but this work has to be done in the face and in state of an hostile society, and with the sad and terrible weight of utter and absolute poverty. These are the difficulties that the Church of God has to contend with in other lauds, and we need go no farther than just across the English Cbanml, and we are in midst of it. . ? To you and to me these Sisters of St. Dominie have appealed—' Enable us to save the children of the poor Irish in England — enable us to preserve for them the only treasure that is left them, the priceless treasure of that faith which will preserve the integral portions of the Irish race, which will give them a right to take their stand amongst the Irish people in their national, literary, and social position in tho Valley of Jeho3e» phatj and to proclaim aloft the glories of Jesus Christ aud the only Church, here in lima and hereafter on the threshold of eter nity and for all eternity in heaven.' SHOCKING SUICIDE OF A SOLDIER. An inquest was held on Monday, at the Dundalk cavalry barracks, into the circum stances attending the death of Sergeant Con' roy, 77ih Regiment, a detachment of which corps is at present on guard at the barracks. The evidence disclosed very distressing fea tures. Deceased who was a well conducted and fairly-educated man, and a supernume rary schoolmaster, was a subject to attacks of giddiness in the head, more especially when he partook of any strong drink. He had been ao indulging — at least partially so— since the Christmas holidays, and it was thought advisable for his own safety to give him quarters on the lower story of tho building. A good watch was also kept over him. On Sunday, however, after attending Mass, he retired to one of the out-offices and cut his throat with a razor. In this coa* dition, with his life-blood gushing forth over his clothing, ho made hio way to tho window looking into his cfuavters and tapped at it. His wife came to tho v/indbv/ and a shocking sight met her eyes. Sho fainted, and is still in a painful condition. Dr. Elgeo was promptly in attendance, and introduced a silver tube into tho almost severed wind pipe, and the unfortunate man recovered sufficently to ask fov pen and paper and wrote the wcrds ' Gocd-bye, Sarah,' words ad dressed to his wife. A verdict of sucide while labouring under temporary insanity was returned. SHOT BY A GA3IEKEEi-EE. A man named Edmund M'G-ratb, a game keeper on Colonel Massey's eatato, at Rivers .dale, Coun'y Tipperary, was indicted foi having on the 2-5 ;h November last murdered a young man named Michael Siatteiy, of the town oi' Tipperavy. The evidence showed that I he prisoner was standing on a ditch with a gun in his hand. Deceased was looking for a hare on Captain Dawson's property, and the ditch separated the property J'rom Colonel Massey's (cousin to the former). Captain Dawson had given leave to the deceased and his friends to course, bat there was net any authority to course on the Colonel's property, and they were not coursing on it. When the prisoner was within two yards of the deceased he dis charged lie gua in his face, blowing almost the lower part of it away. Death was immediate. The deceased was a youug man, and resided in the town of Tipperary, in Kilkenny. Judge Kcogh, who tried the case, in charging the jury on Friday last, said : He was not aware when addressing the grand jury of the facts of this case, or else he would have said something to them on it. It was one of the most extraordinary cases that ever fell to the lot of a jury to invests gate. It sermed to be a terrible case— a dreadful case— and disclosed a very unhappy ? state of tli ngs. It was a Tipperary case from the -8ju(!i Biding, and certainly, as he had said, it disclosed an extraordinary state of things— thiags that would hardly ever occur in any cthor part of the British dominions except in that lawless county ; but in this case it was n't the common people of (he county were to blame, and it did not arise out of disputes in reference to land. It was quite of a different character, and the responsibility rested, not on the shoulders of the people, but on others who had a great deal to answer for. This was no agrarian crime, no conspiring to murder the owners of land, nor fo avenge any wrong. Some persons think there ought to be no amusement on Sundays. He was not one of those, and lie could not imagine a more desirable ihing than to find in Tipperary that people should be allowed ou Sundays to take themselves to the Galtees to look for hares instead of following some amusing musical performances called temperance, which generally ended in drunkenness, and in annojio' people that were at their worship,. This young man, the deceased, was going to the hills to chase hares, with the leave of i lie proprietor of the property, and it appeared that ho and his companions had the pei mission of Captain Masscy Daw son. There were thirteen or fourteen young men on this mountain ; they were there per fectly lawful ; there was not a sciutilla of a suggestion that they wero doing anything unlawful. They were amusing themselves, and numbered, according to the first witness, a hundred, but his lordship supposed there were four or five hundred looking on at the coursing. At the place there was one of those mountain streams, and it separated these two properties, one property belonging to a highly respectable gentleman, and the other, no doubt, a respectable gentleman, a relative of Captain Dawson. So far these men were without blame. Not a particle of evidence was there of their giving offence to anybody. The youug man was going along the side of the. ditch, expecting to put up a hare, and (be prisoner, who was on tbe other side of the ditch,, stepped up on it, and at (wo yards diiianee— a distance at which a sportsman would be ashamed to fire at a bird — a man, a sportsman, who knew some^ thing of sporting, and who would have the iiugcr of every sportsman poii.txl against him if he dared at the distance to shoot a bird or a rabbit — the gun was fired in the young man's 'ace, and the lower part of the face was literally blown- away [ It was a very serious ciiarge, a charge of murder, and if they [--nr,d this .unfortunate man guilty of murder, iiis life, as will in the life ot the unfortunate man which was gore already, would be a! so forfeited. Mis lordship then proceed' d to refer to the fact that the jirjannoc !-ad been tried for an assault, with a I I. is l,e does not mistake there were i ?! !e who ought to be called upon to ;i'M:r lor part of 'this, transaction. This i. i\ i kthe prisoner) getting a few shillings a w : k, was called a game- keeper, and it ap* .w--r:; that about two years ago this game~ »????; er was entrusted with a brace of pistols, ? ?! accordingly he made use oi' ono of these \- { -its by assaulting a man against whom the p ner brought false charges. His (the P=- ? ner's) ? chargo was dismissed, a:?.d the ?; iaor at the bar was .sentenced to a mouth's /a rlionmerit. Subsequently the resident ... * dtrnte nvya that the man was utterly ii i . to have arras That was in AugU3t,'76, ? I in August, 77, ho has a license. The ' ?? fins in authority, the Government, were h'l I that he should not be entrusted with ? ums, and before a month elapses the ? - -ident magistrate was ordered to give back ?- che prisoner the arni3, entrust him with ;ui of arms, but a double barreled gun was ? given to him instead of the pistols. It was s not for him to say who was responsible for s this. He thought the magistrate had ex* onerated himself from blame. Ic was no mat ter where that superior authority existed, no . matter whether it was in Dublin Castle or in . London—he did not think it was in London— ? but he (tho resident magistrate) was told to [ give back the arms to the man, who he and j they now believed was utterly unfit to have them. He would not waste words on the mat i ter—ifc was a deplorable circumstance ; and instead of a jury's time being occupied in farming and other pursuits thoy were engaged in investigating this case. What was the account of it given by the prisoner 1 He made no secret of it, and went back to i Colonel Massey and said that one of the men , held up a wattle at him, and he shot him. There was no evidence whatever that the ? deceased had a stick, and even if he had, it would not have exonerated the prisoner a i hundredth part of a grain. There was ro i ill-feeling existing between them, Tho prisoner, an ignorant man, may have thought that, being Colonel Massey's gamekeeper, there was not such a maa in the world as Colonel Massey— that he was in authority on this mountain. His lordship, in conclusion, said that there were parties in court and out of it who ought to share a great portion of the responsibility. The deceased was not at the time on Colonel Massey's property, as the jury were aware. It was proved he was about il8 yards from it. They were on the lands of Captain Dawson, where they all had a right to be except the gamekeeper. Referring to persons who had the power of granting licenses to persons reiused by magistrates to be allowed to carry arms persons who had been stated to be utterly unfit to carry them, all his lordship would say was that if that was the state of things, it was a very unsettled state indeed. What was the use, he asked them, of these restrictions ? Why have not the majority of the people arms if this be the state of affairs P There was no nso of such restrictions. His lordship did not believe there was any motive on the part of the prisoner. The jury found the prisoner guilty of manslaughter. He was ordered to 3tand back. We, in Ireland, are quite familiar with newspaper reports of the terrible abuses of I firearms in portions of the United States, but this case must convince all impartial men that Ireland is precluded from the adminis^ tration of law. Judge Eeogh has not signal ized his judicial life by partiality to his Church and country. Yet here are his j utterances regarding the administration of th? law on the slopes of the Galtees, iu the S uth Riding of Tipperary. The game keeper would probably have been instantly lynched iu many portions of the world, MITCHELL HEKBY, M.P. Mitchell Henry is a rich man, a man of - J tho world, a fortunate speculator in the : cotton famine, owning a whole streot of houses in Manchester, from which he draws an income of £70,000 a year. He is the pro- ; duct of a false educationary system, which ; teaches that society, to be orderly and peace- - able and God- fearing, must be built up with i lords of columns and serfs for brickwork. Having by his business realized a lordly for- . iuuo, it was in him natural enough to play ' on the world's stage the role of Lord, have a . large landed estate, build a lordly castle, have demesnes, pastures, groves, ponds, &c;, - j and in addition become a member of Parlia- ; ment. Mr. Henry is a man cf the British ] | Empire. He saw there was nothing incoua ] patible with the reign of that Empire in i Mr, Butt's principles or Mr. Butt's plans of i Homo Rule. The settlement of property - (that is, the land held by the land robbers) - in Ireland was not to be disturbed by Mr. i Butt's Home Rule.1' Accordingly Mr. t Henry bought several thousand acres of the 1 Connemara wilderness, bought from some i successor of a former land robber. He also i bought a fishery from some fish thief—that - is- ell the fish which swim in the rivers that 1 adjoin his estate. He builds on the estate a ; grand house— a castle — nothing less would i suit an aspiring nobleman, and to obtain ex- - tensive views for his windows, and aweet, J pretty walks for his guests, he clears from £ around his castle all the cottages that once t contained happy though not wealthy tenants, c Tho fishery cost him £8000 and three lav/ ( suits, and it ended at last in dividing the fish i — God's fi oh — with another fish-thief resident i in the same neighbourhood. The fish which t God bred and sent swarming into those J western waters for the food of the people i who live on the banks, are sold by Mr. Henry i for money to tho London fish agents. Why c not 1 What ! give a salmon indeed to Irish i peasants to eat ! Cock them up with daini c ties ! Mr. Sergeant Armstrong said at the 1 Casey trial that such food would give Irish j ' peasants' cholera ! Mr. Henry pretends i a great sympathy for the Irish tenantry, i Why hts he not shown the Irish landlords a good example, by devoting say a couple of thousand acres of his lind to the i establishment of small farms, by giving i leases of nine hundred and ninety -nine - years at moderate rents for these farms ; by - advancing sufficient of hia abundant means 1 to those tenants to build themselves dwell- 1 inga aud oufc^offices, giving them, ample time for repayment, and, by otherwise giving them aid and comfort and assistance with horses, carts, lime, timber, &c;, to root them iu tho soil P He has done none of these things. He is no bettor in the estimation of the people on tho spot thau tho rest of the land robbers and fish thieves. And as to big ' Home Rule principle?,' which support the British Empire ou the ono hand, and the Irish land robbars and Irish fish thieves on the other hand, we are willing to make a present of Mr. Mitchel Henry, of Kylemoro Castle, to either Mr. Disraeli or to Mr. Gladstone, whichever of them shall the most graciously accept tho gift, for truly ho is not the man for Galway. I append in this con nection tho formal resolution of a club of advanced Irishmen of Dublin city : ' That the members of this club'loarn with entire satisfaction that a vote of want of con fidence was passed by the electors and non electors of Galway on Mitchell Henry, the man who styled the noble martyrs, Allen, Larkin, and O'Brien, hireling assassins ; and also learn with satisfaction the advanced opinion expressed by the electors, and feel confident that, if the electors of other parts of Ireland followed the patriotic example of the people of Galway, it would soon extin guish the agitation which has proved to be fruitless of the benefits desired by the pro moters.'' — American Paper. HEALTH OF MK. UUT1', M.V. It is stated in Dublin that the medical advisers of Mr. But have pronounced that his attendance in Parliament during next session would be dangerous to his health. It is also .said tho hon. gentleman will not attend the House of CDinmons until after the Easter recess. THE BISHOP ELECT OF AHDREUT AND AGHADOE. Dr. McCarthy, Vice-President of May nooth College; has been appointed Bishop of Ardfert and Aghadoe, in succession to tho late Dr. Moriarty, subject to such modifica tion of the limits of the diocese as the Holy See may decide. This will likely atlect tho extent of the three adjoining dioceses of Cloyno, Ross, and Cork. SEUTA1UANISM IN AVBXFOKD. The Wexford People tells a story which wo recommend to the consideration of those who fondly believe that the reign of Sectari anism is over in Ireland, and that the spirit of Ascendancy lias died out. A short tim' ago the office of workhouse schoolmaster in the Shillelagh Union became vacant ; the guardians advertised for candidates ; two presented themselves on the day of election a Protestant and a Catholic. At the meet ing the clerk announced that a letter ad dressed to the guardians had coino from the Rev. J. Druhan, P.P., chaplain to tho house. The chairman ' ' considered tho letter too long to be read for the board/' but was kind enough to say that any guardian might read it for himself. Whether by process of divina tion or not, the chairman had learned that the purpose of the letter was to ask tho guardians to elect a Catholic to the vacant post. A very brief conversation ensued, tho chairman cutting oil' all discussion by say- ! ing — 'Gentlemen, proceed with the business j — this conversation should bo avoided.' Now, the facts of tho case are these : The chaplain, knowing there was not a single I Protestant child, naturally desired that a j teacher who could honestly teach Catholic ' shildren would be appointed. He properly j suggested that inasmuch as tho pupils would [lave to be assisted in thoir catechism, their prayers, and the general doctrines of their faith, it would bo but fair aud reasonable bhat a man who sympathized with these doctrines should impart them. He pointed out what it would bo painful to have ?i Catholic teacher in a purely Protestant school, and cited cases in which other unions ;iad acted in accordance with the actual .?equiremenfe of the bouse rather than with my traditional ru'e. This is the substance )f a letter which in full occupies about Ifty lines — not ' too long ' to be read for i board about to discharge a public }i*ust. It need hardly be said that the guar ilians elected the Protestant candidate, a nan who said that 'he had been educated in i National School, and had been clerk in a joal yard.' The Catholic candidate was dis qualified by age, but nothing in our opinion jould justify the appointment of a man who vas conscientiously disabled from perform ng the duties, and whose training was lecidedly foreign to his task. The Rev. Mr, Druhan then wrote to the Local Government Board, and found that his plea went for lothing. The Board, however, annulled the jlection on the ground of want of qualifica iion. There will, therefore, be a new election ; and we hope tho Guardians wrill jehave with prudence and that sense of justice and fair play which every friend of ?eligious freedom is bound to recognize with ipplause and even gratitude. — Freeman. A MEMOIJABLE CHANGE. We close tho year 1877, in Ireland, with, ibr the first timo for centuries, a majoritjr o( he Irish Members of the House of Commons Jatholics, 52 of the 103 members being Catholics, while the two disfranchised aorougha of Oashel and Sligo could also re turn Catholic members. At the next general election, 85 Catholic or Liberal members can be returned,60 or 65 of them being Catholics, so that the Popular Party has secured con trol of tho entire representation of the country. It io the academic and literary season, and Dublin is astir with inaugural addresses and commencements. The Trinity College, the Civil Service, tho Statistical and - ^ Catholic University, hiotorical and literary societies have had their display;!, all nume rously attended. s AN OPEN-AIR AWJUICATION. Yesterday, at 1*30, Metropolitan Police- ,, constable, 81 B, held high court iu Harry street, off Graf ton -street, and inquired into the suit of a Thomas Pagan, boot and shoe maker, of 29 South Ani-v-stree, versus the well-known comedian, John Iloxby, at pre sent engaged in a pourtrayal of tho part of Bobbie Moriarty, XX D, in the Theatre Royal pantomime of ' Cinderella.' The comedian was represented by a professional, but tbe shoemaker conducted hia own case. The hearing of the dispute was adjourned from the centre of tho asphalted roadway of Graftoa-streot to the quieter and leas fre quented carriage- way of HniTystreot. Tho defendant appeared iu court attired in a fashionable Ulster overcoat, from one of tho pockets of which protruded tho toe of a racently»repaired dancing shoe or ' pump,' whilo the heel of the fellow-shoe r,T,o dis tinctly visible at the aperture of tho corre^ sponding pocket at the other nidc. The Direct was dense^ crowded, and (he proceed ings excited a very considerable araouat of public interest. 81 B, having di vested him* self of his gloves, inquired the nature of the case. Buth complainant and defendant simultaneously observed that the shoes alluded to were theirs. After an assurance from the bench that both parties would iu their turns be heard, Mr. Roxby narrated the facts ol the dispute. He had, he said, some time ago left tho shoes with Mr. Pagan to be repaired, but disappointment followed disappointment, and, finally, he was obliged, in order to fulfil his professional engagement to purchase a new pair ; ho bad that day entered Mr. Fagan's establishment, seised his shoes, and refused to pay fov them, be cause they were not repaired within reaoono . ; able time ; there was, therefore, he argued, a distinct breach of contract on the part of tho complainant, and he did not consider him* self bound to pay for what he had not received. The shoes, he would swear, wero hia. Complainant: But whoso are the heelo and soles? (Roars of laughter wero here indulged in by the rapidly-increasing crowd.) Defendant : I'll go to the police-station, but (looking at his watch), no, 1 can't; I'm 'on'' to-day. Several voices— -' Hu'd 'on,1 he's ' on.' ' ' Hor.- many urc you ' on P' ' in* ' quired 81 B To thin there wa-j no reply. A voice-»' More power, Mr. Iloxby ; there are two of youa bobbies to-day.' (Renewed laughter.) Tho complainant then detailed his version of the transaction. Mr. llosby'a shoes, ho mud, wero repaired in good time, and in a workmanlike manner, but when he ' called that day to his (complainant's) estab li hment, ho refused to pay 4-s Gd, the amount o'the ve/airF, and decamped, ta I. ing with : him, however, the shoes. JIc (witness) fol lowed him, and had him detained iu Uraftou street. Tiio constable, iu delivering judgn ment, briefly reviewed tho facts of the case and pointed out the great intricacies and difficulties that beset it at every stage. Un» doubtedly the shoes wero Mr. Roxby's, but equally certain was it, aa clearly shown upon the face of the evidence, that Mr. Fagau had a vested right, that should not be ovcrriden, to the heels and solos. Unless, therefore, Mr. Roxby paid tho complainant the amount cued for, tho case should, after come formal intermediate proceeding at the nearest police station, go forward to a .superior court. The defendant then handed to the complainant the amount claimed, loss ('A, which he ob-» 3ervcd he would ' bail him for,' and on seeing that it was now 150, ho quickly repaired to the stage door of tho Theatre Royal, whore, fifteen minutes afterward?, he appeared in the second scene of tho afternoon perform ance with great success before a crowded audience. Thus happily terminated a Buit which would, in all probability, have sorely tried all the patience and taxed the legal lore of one of our divisional police. magia» (rates.— Dublin Freeman, March 1. 