ANOTHER VERSION. BY DR. BLADE'S GHOST OF SIR WALTER SCOTT. WITH Warlike wraiths the air was full, As the sunlight glanced off Footscray hill; And sounds and omens flew around Like phantoms on enchanted ground. The sea was calm, the freighted clouds Assumed the form of weird-like shrouds j Foreboding carnage, death and woe— As seers read—to friend or foe. A moment yet, with falchion high, And banners floating to the sky, Came Wright and Orr, with many a clan, To fall or conquer in the van. Then Lorimer, with wild hulloo, Struck up the pibroch full in view; Then fast and furious 'gan the fray, As each the other kept at bay, As won and lost each inch of ground, As groans were hushed in martial sound. moment—every point was lost, moment more regained each post; A moment yet, and all was still, # As the moon * peeped down * at Batman's * Hill. Oh sea and land the battle sped, As either chief his squadrons led To wing or centre, front or rear— Foe rushing foe in mad. career. Now Orr advanced, and now the Trust, Now one the last, and now the first; Commingled all in one wild mass, Now in the mud and now on grass. The Warhawk," belched with iron hail, The " Souvenir " stuck on a rail; The "Griper " griped with might and main, Ploughing the bottom o|er again. The sea was crimsoned into blood— Yet sceptics say 'twas only mud; At all events 'twas thick and dark, And foul enough to choke a shark. Full many a deed of might and fame, Upon that day the bard might name; For Fullarton, he waved his brand Of terror over sea and land. And Brady, slashing here and there, As if in Tipperary Fair; And Montford, Toohey, Dalton, all The peace guards ready at their call. These, and the clans from dyke and fell, From mountain height and lonely dell, From far. and near commingling spread, Trampling the dying and the dead. The oldest Bard were short of life To sing the deeds of that fell strife, Where all were heroes, giants all, And each a host to stand or falL Alas J that in this mighty fray, One recreant chieftain marred the day; O'Loghlen, whilome lord of Clare, Stood far aloof with scornful air. Nor would he stem the battle tide, Nor throw his weight on either side ; But flung his falchion to McCall, * And fledbeyond * the * range of ball. * * Let the coronach wail through the valley and glen For the heroes that fell, for the bravest of men; For the clans of the Docks and the clans of the Trust, The last in retreat, in advancing,, the first. All-hushed be the sigh o'er their mud-covered graves- Keep the " Griper " aloof from those under the waves; Let the death-song of heroes to Odin ascend, And with Ossian harmoniously ever to blend. Give the milk of the doe to O'Loghlen and clan, The pap of their childhood, of courage the ban; In the conflicts of heroes let heroes essay, But keep Clare and its shadows for ever away. 