DEAD EYES THAT BEAR WITNESS. o There is a well-known storyof the con- a viction of a murderer havingbeon attained. by the circumstance that, a reeognisable a image or likeness was found impressed It upon the victim's eye after death. The story has boon variously, told. One t version places the occurrence in. Lyons, 9 France; another in -England.' It was e probably- invonted about the time that a daguerreotypes came into use, and was 9 perhaps suggested by the fact that a small n picture of whatever the eye is looking at 0 is formed in the centre of ,the eye and is ft plainly visible to other eyes., As the story is told in one way, a daguerreotype .was w taken of the victim, and'the, image of the t murderer wassfound ,in, the, eye by a r painter who was making a picture of the k murdered, man and had,occasion to study. a the daguerrootype under high magnifying u power. . Another version makes the image found :that. .ofi.? I friend., who 5 bent over the victim -when expiring; b the i,friend .:is,: of? course, arrested a as the; murderer, and thus the plot gains ti variety;, lhe notion:that. such an. image in the eye could remain: fixed after'death n must. certainly have, seemed: plausible to g romancers, or they would not have rung so many., changes upon: it. • 'Perhaps, s however, most readers have dismissed it a from their, minds:as absurd.. , , ' But.,the conceptions of fancy in one age often become the facts of discovery in a another. Within a few weeks a patient b German, has: announced and exhibited r someestartling experiments that bring the eyoe- picture story fully within the limits bf possibility. _ Dr..YW. Kuhne, Professor C of Physiology,- in the University of' Heidelberg, hnas been carefully reviewing and extending a .disovery of Dr. Bol, newof Romo, Dr. Boll had found that the extenal l?yapf th.e' retina ,of tie eye possesses, in life a beaitiful purple color. i The . colorsis' perpetually, destroyed anda renewed,, wleile' .the eyo'is. doing work.. Drj Kuhlis ?und that lightwas the agent by whichl]"th pnurple was destroyed ;. while : the animal'ia,live tlioe color is quickly re stored by tlio secretive action of the neigh. boring tissues. The next discoverywas that only certain kinds of light have the power of discharging the colbr. If kept in other kitideds :of light, such for iristance' as-is obtainedby burninig a mixture of soda I and alcohol, the purple 'color remains u n altered, even after death. Finally, Dr. I Kuhne, found chemical -Ire-agents that wouild fix' ;the 'color. :Neow, 'came the crowning 'eoperiment. He fastened a I rabbit' so I thait one of its eyes was'for three minutes exposed to the light, from I an open' wbidow-shuttor.' ' Then 'he in-.' stently dddi itated thli rabbit and ~ut the eyo in stitablo pickle: Two minutes 'after' tie decapitation the other eye .was a,simi-. larly oi:posd to light, . and. it too .was afterward? pickled. Thio, next ?,morning both' yes showed a sharply definod imago of the. squareo, of'. light; surrounded by a. doeoprose-tint. : The image in the second eye was'somowhat the sharper and whiter of tlthe' two. Professor Bunson was present 'ande witnessed this marvelloeis experiment.?: ' ,.Ob ioualy' under more dolieato treat nient tl?e.'eye' could be made to toll the story of fainteriinpressions. The eyes of Shuiman vitiiiis may yet bear testimony, in Icourts of law, wlhen murderers are on trialllIn tI.soase we have described, how over,:we have no doubt that; Professors Kuehtio and BuDnson dined on the decapi. tantd:rabbit..and. that it agreed' with' f them'- We are only on the threshold of a a similar class of discoveries. Window glass, fojInstance;? that has had letters fastened upon it and has'been 'exposed to light for several years, is found to have undergone some structural change, so that no cleaning will wholly efface the evi. dence'that the letters were once attacheo? No matter how thoroughly the glass umay be wiped and polished,' a breath upon it brings 'back' the shadowy' outlines,' the ghosts of the' letters again. Similar results have followed where nothing but a shadoiwrhad rested upon the pane. -It was found that sunlight changes the color of glas, just' as it alters the sensitive plate in the photographer's camera. A little more of such progress may entable us to compel the walls of old buildings to picture forth the scenes that were 'last enacted 'within them. The opened tomb of :a 'Greek hero may bear witness to. the last procession within its walls before it was closed from the light. flow. the detective of the future will revel in such evidence I - Armedwith a pocket telephone he may find means of conveying the fatal, whisper of: a conversation miles away from the speakers:' The mirrors, the:lacquered furniture: may pictdre the occurrences. "Last ::bf all, the ghastly head of a 'lapdog may be brought into court,, and .its pickled eyes, under the microscope, may yield such images as will convince a jury that a divorce is jus tified. 'Think of what a blood-curdling romance Edgar Allen Poe could have written, if he had been provided with such materials I-HNeiw York Tribune. 