OUR BENEVOLENT INSTITUTIONS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. -Yours, &c.;, HUMANITY. Ballarat, 11th August. Sir, —In the course of my wile’s visits in connection With the Ladies’ Clothing Society she often meets with man y wretched bases of poverty, not recognised by the above institutions; which in themselves are bad enough, tut when combined mth' sickness and inoar able diseases become doubly painful to the visitor as aa the patient. She related to“me the other day one of the worst casesshe Had ever witnessed. It was that of a married woman, bed- ridden, laboring under what the medical men .pronounced an incurable disease. She had six or seven children; ages from fourteen downwards. Her husband is out all day at work, but his earnings are barely sufficient to provide food for the children. The woman was on some sort of- a stretcher, with no bed but straw,-and no pillow, and with no one to attend to her but these little children, and the husband when he came from work. The dirt and the stench emitted from the room, 1 am told, was something to be remembered. • Now, notwithstanding that we havS'two large institutions liberally sup ported by the inhabitants and. the Government, with handsomely-paid officers, yet their regulations are such that a poor creature like tha s one I have attempted, to describe is excluded from their precincts. It needs no ghost to come to tell us that when such a state of things exists in_ our midst there must be something wrong in these institutions. It cannot be from want ofi means, when funds can be raised to erect such a tower as the one at the Hospital, and the Benevolent Asylum Committee is about to spend a large sum ' of money for a committee-room. To call them benevolent institutions is a mockery in my opinion. I can under stand that fever wards are attended with a good deal of risk to the test of the patients at public institu tions, and consequently require great caution in deal ing with them, but many incurable diseases are not contagious, or, at least, not dangerously so. I believe that the opinion of many medical men is, that most diseases are partially infectious; therefore, this cannot be pleaded as an excuse for not admitting such patients. I leave the above for the consideration of the committees of these institutions, and subscribe myself, 