NARRACOORTE TURF CUJB RACES. Patron:—His Excellency Sir William F. D. Jervois, B.E. Stewards :—Mr. W. Hutchison, Mr. G. Smith, Mr. A. Smith, Mr. Hugh L. McLeod, Mr. D. Simpson, Mr. John Kobertson, jun. Judge—Mr. H. J. Smith, S.M. Starter—Mr. H. K McLeod. Steward of the Scales—Mr. D. Simpson. Clerk, of the Course—Mr. T. W. Boothby. The Narracoorte Turf Club is now in its third year of existence, and may now be classed among our permanent institutions, worthy of the support of all who enjoy a good day's outing upon the turf. It has been uphill work for the promoters ; and we question very much if it had not been [ for the tenacity of purpose exhibited by the hon. Secretary whether the Club would now be in existence. He has stuck to it like a "brick," and we are glad to see that he has been so well supported by a few sporting gentlemen in the district; and we have very little doubt that the meeting on Thursday last was the cutting of the eye-teeth, and that the-. Club will flourish from this date out. We see no reason why Narracoorte and district should not pull off as go M a " meet" as is to be seen in any provincial town, for we have a fair share of the lovers of the Turf who are blessed with the "wherewith" and personal influence to make it a firstclasscentral meeting—one which the South East would look forward to with pleasure and interest. The Club have a fine block of land, which vriQl make a beautiful course with a little expenditure ; and no doubt before many years are over the appointments of the Narracoorte course will be faultless. We can never expect the presence of the " beauty and fashion" of our district without we provide accommodation for them in the shape of a comfortable stand, where a good view of the course can be obtained, with a pleasant shelter. This was a great drawback on Thursday. The heat on that occasion partook more of the nature of what we have been led to believe is to be found in the "lower regions^" and Sol was determinedtomake it his day out irrespective of all consideration for man and beast. In a word, the heat was intense, registering 130 ° in the sun ; and it was surprising to see the large number who were bent upon having a day's sport with this state of affairs. The races were ran on the usual course, about a couple of miles from town, down the Penola Road ; and for several hours an uninterrupted string of conveyances of all descriptions lined the road from the town to the course. Of course every one made for the shade afforded by huge gum trees, of which there is a goodly number about the course. There were a good many -visitors from Kingston, Border Town, , and across the Border; but Penola and Mount Gambier were totally unrepresented. We scarcely expected this from Penola, for Narracoorte , generally furnishes a fair show of visitors to their race meetings. Several well-known Western District bookmakers could be seen plying their trade ; but we fancy speculation was flat. Several refreshment booths were erected ; and we are sure, notwithstanding the horror they are held in by many well-meaning people, they were an absolute blessing on such a day as Thursday last, although we believe the i people had the liquid, but the sellers the \- gem. Once or twice the "succur" worked up, and the police had one or two difficult fools to deal with; but its strength soon departed, and they received a night's lodging at Government house, only to be sadder, and, it is to be hoped, wiser men on the morrow. Of course these mistakes - will occur in the best regulated communities. The fields of horses were not so large as we should like to have seen them. The stakes were pretty liberal, and considering the number of meetings that follow one another in succession for* the next three weeks one would have thought that the entries would have filled up better. Our Club last year had to withstand some adverse comments which were undeserved to say the least; but it is to be hoped that was not the .eause. This year there could be ho fault found, for it was admitted on all hands, and by one "Western District visitor in particular, that fairer handicaps could not have been made. The racing was good, taking it as a whole, and some of the races to all appearance were closely contested. The favorite for the big Handicap was Plantagenet. This horse came with a firstclass recommendation ; but there were a few who thought the three-year-old C6uld not concede a stone to the mare, who was aged. Matilda was in grand form, and had the race in hand after going a mile. Ragpicker ran very well for a mile, but he had not enough training to pull him through the two miles. The Hurdles, was a dice of luck for the winner; and he made the most of the mistakes made by the others. If Dan Rice had not baulked, at the fourth hurdle—or if he had ' even gone over it the third time he waft put to it—Wild Dog would not have had a ghost of a chance. As it was, if anolhercouple of hundred yards had to be travelled, it is very doubtful if he would. :■ have won. He, however, ran a game-. race, and was steered well. Tantalusfett at the first hurdle, and hurt his loinaand hip so severely that his throat had to be eut. This horse was the favoritefor the race, and was in first-class condition. He was blind in one eye, whichi may account in some degree for theaccident. Three appeared at the post., to; contest the " Plate," Plantagehtet befyg: withdrawn. ' Matilda was the favoritOfbrthis event, but Quiz was- considered to have a chance. The mare, however, again scored another victory. Wi& 9sfc filbs. up, Quiz ran the mile and a. half ha 3inin. 2sec.; but with only 8st. up in the Kincraig Plate, was a couple oflengths behind the winner, who made the Sistance in 3min. 4secs.—two seconds longer than the Maiden Plate. The weight was ^00 inueh for Ragpicker. Four " mokeSt'* weighed cut for the; we%ht for age race. " Ivanhoe and Plantagenet shared the eon- fldence ^of the public for this eyentj and a few of .the Kingston visitors were'hot upon Morning Star on account of -ibis running at Robe. The condition of Swordfish was not such as to justify anyone fancying him ; and the running proved this opinion to be correct, for hesrafc done when half the distance had been travelled. Ivanhoe, Plantagenet, and Star , ran together for about a mile, and after that the two former had it all their own way, Plantagenet pushing "him tightly. ' . ;• The routine business of rtheiianeiting was carried out well by the varioosoffiesm of the Clnb. The starting was excellent; the scales were attended iowith thent-most carefulness by Mr. Simpson^-the Secretary saw that every race was gofc away punctually to time; and Mr. T^. W. Boothby, as Clerk of the Conine;' was a terror to stray animals of all kinds. These little matters, though not rauchiin . themselves, greatly add to the pleasure ofa race meeting; and inculcate-* feeling of respect and order in all parties eoUcerned. ; . _ * -We append the details of the various events:— •' ' MAIDEN PLATE, of 30 sovs. Distance, «»mile aud a half. Weight for age.Entrance, 2sovs. - . ,r- Mr. J. Sanson's b g Quiz, 5. rears fT. Ferguson)•; 1\ Mr. W. Robertson's b g Flying Fish, aged \- - (ScoWe) 2' Mr. M. Mclnnis's br g Highlander, 4 y*s- -r-"' {Gardner)-:3.'Mr. A. McLean's br c Plover, .4 yrs. (Beau-i , . champ) O'Mr. R. Marshall's br m Gipsy, 3 yrS. (McLaren) O After two false starts, the quintette gob away well together. Highlander at: once- went to the front, followed doselyby Quiz and Flying Fish." Tn this order they passed the stand, Floater and Gipsy being many lengths behind. At " threequarters of a mile from home Quiz * challenged Fish for the first place, ahd passed ' him. Quiz gradually increased his lead, and won eaaly by about 10 l^lgtl% ;thft ;' same distance separating Flying Ftah Highlander. Tlie other horses' Were ;tiq£where. Time, 3 mins. 2 sees. NARRACTOORTE HANDICAP, of fiO sovs. Distance, two miles. " " Mr. T. Cawker's br m MatiHa, aged, 5et. (G. Thnrnton)^ 1'' Mr. J. Coldham'a cfcc Plantagenet 3 years,' 7sfc (A. Ferguson) 2 Mr. J. G. Beanchamp's gg Ragpieker {late Touchrth «ged, Sat. fibs. (Owner) 3 A good start was effected, at once, and Ragpicker was the first to show tb the; front, and kept the lead for about baL£-a-.. mile, when Plantagenet and. Matilda, passed him. Coming tip the strait. $h® mare and Plantagenet were together, if anything the latter leading; with Ragpicker a good third. Passing the stand Matilda forged ahead ; and about half-amile from home it was evident her jock had the race in hand. Plantagent made a desperate effort to pass her coming up? the strait, but she landed the stakes with ease by a couple of lengths, Ragpicker being about half-a-dozen lengtharbehiBcL HANDICAP HURDLE RAC®, ©f 5tt soya. Distance about two inika .i Oyer-, right flights of bardies. • - j Mr. D. Simpson's WIIcL Dog, aged, 9st.30B}S.. (Beaucl^mp)' 1 Mr. E. G. Rex's blk gDau Rice-, aged, lOst. 71ba fG. Seobiey 2 . Mr. J^Simson'a eg Tantalus^, S yeas*9sfc. i3ib& (4IwJa«d, 3 Mir. Mshas's br g BSghhmifar, t yis, dst. 15H65.*dfi. This race is easily described. All. three horses rose to the first hurdle at. oncej and "|flgr> and Wild DogdeaiecL it; font Tantalus in being forced to take the wing get -;in it, caught, and turned a eompfote somer. aaultontohis back, luaridhr managing to , get clear: Thesecond ptdpwas deanSTby Dan without a mistake ; but the Dingo .' fell. His rider, who swallowed some dust, , was soon on again, and his hctisa soon pulled Dan, both horses taking the third hurdle in good Bfyie. Dan lestd up to the fourth leap, but refused tq havo anythihgjto do with it, Wild Dog, however, . clearing it and the next two jumps? faeSero ■ Dan fcould be persuaded.. By ihm fitse . Wild Dog had made costal to tbeexfcpni of a quarter of a mile out of iMs&ea;$f of Dan's ; but the latter tried hatotonideem it, but it was no use. Dan came in about 100 y ards behind Wild Dog. Time^ fcbeat 16 mins. , - r KINCRAIG PLATE,, of, SO sovs Distance, one mile and a bal£ : *:.. Mr T. Cawker's br m Matilda, aged, 8st. \- - ■ ■ • i fllbs 1 Mr. J. Simson's br g Quiz, 5 years^83t..„ 2 Mr. J. G. Beauchamp's gg Ragpicker (lafy Touch-it), aged, Ssti ^bs;-* 3 Mr .T. finldham's ch c Plmtageaet.': 3 viw. " •- " Three went away at a rsttlu^' jiSbe," Ragpicker making.~it ^-portic^ilkrly " hot, . Quiz being close up, snd Matilda-waMBg behind. At half-a-milo Ragpickfer was :; htst losing ground, and Qjiiz took fhfe lead, "7 dosefy frflowed by-lMSiflda.- Thcyjkepk '' together for half-a- iiHl6j,%h^n"tiiie;:'mrira ^ put on pace and g6t;ahau5 -1 A : quarter of a mile fami4mnmtheRiCweaaatht " ■ horse tried his best, butthe mmo wwtop' good, and won with a couple of'lei^tfai to spare, Ragpicker -beir^ a good, trty']!!®*" hind. '. ' l;™ ; ALL AGED STAKES, of 38 bovb. Dutinco,, one mile and a hal£ Weight for ties Mr. E. G. Rex's b g Ivanhoe, aged ^corbie) 1 Mr. J. Coldham's chc Plantagenet,3ytocs (F^gUBon), 2 Mr. W. Halea's b g Morning Star, 4 years (Miller) 3 Mr. C. Watson's brc Swordtish, 3 years,. (Thornton) 0 They all got away to a good start, Ivanhoe leading the running, Swordfiah bong - second, Plantagenet third, and Horning Star bringing up the rear. Swordfish was evidently played out after traversing half-a-mile. The other horses kept well together till the finish. A • quarter of a mile from home Plantagenet ■and Ivanhoe raced; but the little horse * was ..not to be beaten, and scored a win .after a hard tussle. Morning Star was oloae up, but Swordfish was along way ■behuid. 