English and Foreign Extracts STRIKES AND FAILTJRE3 IN ENGLAND. London, May 13.-A special to the Standardixom Manchester says:-Symptoms of a compromise nie showing themselves. A request has been made to the.masters' secretnry for an interview with his principals on' Tuesday. Later.-The demands on Charity in the strike district are very heavy. The decision reaffirmed at Manchester to carry out a general lockout will throw a couple of thousand more people on the streets. At Laye, last night, a largely-attended meeting of private cotton spin ners, and the representatives ot limited companies, .was held at Oldham, to consider the question of running on short time. It is generally understood that four days a week will be adopted. The strike has had little effect on th« cloth market, which continues singularly dull and inactive, notwith . standing tho threatened reductiou of supply. Should the cotton masters of Preston hold firm to their resolve of closing their mills to-day, this will be the darkest day since the com mencement of the strike. It will no longer be a turn out, but a compulsory lock out. The spinners cnn afford to stand out for some time, but the weavers have only small funds at their disposal, and there will doubtless be much suffering. London, May 9.-The master cotton spinners at Ashton-under-Tyne, Staley Bridge, Dankinfield and Moseley resolved to reduce wages 5 per cent, on the 25th instant. A Blackburn despatch says: The Masters' Association have authorised their members to make any arrangement they please with their hands. Boni th man has set his large mill in motion, with a full complement of hands, on operatives'terms. London, May 10.-At Macclesfield, the weavers have struck against the 5 per cent, reduction. Notices of a 10 per cent, reduction have been posted in the Bury district, and the men will strike. The spinners at Hindley have received notice of a 5 per cent, reduction. At Bolton, where the operatives, last October, submitted to a 5 per cent, reduction after a two-months' strike, a fur ther reduction of 5 per cent, is imminent. The lock-out at Preston is complete, and 5000 operatives, willing to work, are in forcod idle ness. Tho rioting, which began at Darwin on Thursday, was renewed this evening. One hundred and seventy police, armed with cutlasses, were engaged several hours in quelling the disturbances. Several constables and rioters were injured and considerable damage was done to property. A Liverpool correspondent, referring to tho failures of Winter Kaines, cotton broker; Dunkerley, Carter, and Co., provision merchants ; and William Walker, provision merchant, with liabilities of ¿£60,000, says : "It is feared these failures are only the forerunners of many more, unless the present trade depression is shortly overcome, of which there are no symptoms. Baffles had future contracts for 30,000 bales of cotton. His liabilities are £15,000 to £20,000. Thomas Grundy, builder, of Southport, Liverpool, and Wolverhampton, has failed ; liabilities, 590.000dol. THE RUSSIAN PRIVATEER MOVEMENT. San Francisco, May 8.-It is probable that offers to purchase the new steamship State of California, now on the stocks at Philadelphia, have been made to Messrs. Goodall and Perkins. Mr. Goodall to day said, in response to inquiries, that the ship would be launched about the 16th instant, and that she was not for sale. He did not deny the report thatovertures to purchase the vessel had been made, and he only admitted it by inference in saying that a sum sufficient to buy her had not been offered. It is surmised and generally believed by other shipowners that Russian agents have been ne gotiating for the purchase of swift ocean steamers at various ports of the Atlantic and Pacific. Whether the Russian Government had anything .to do with the offer maae for the State of Cali fornia cannot be ascertained from her owners. A few days ago the Pacific Mail Steamship Company sold their steamer Great Republic. This vessel is one o' the old wooden sidewheelers employed for a great many years in the China and Japan trade. She was one of the oldest vessels afloat belong ing to the Pacific Mail Company, and was laid up a long time ago among other unseaworthy Pacific Mail hulls thrown out of commission, lt was reported a few days ago that the Great Republic was to be employed in the Departure Bay coal,trade, with Captain Carrol], late master of the steamship Pelican, now known as the Yrazu, in command. A New York special states that the Great Republic was sold "to persons and for purposes unknown," leaving the inference that she may have been sold to Russian agents to be fitted out for service as a cruiser in case of war being declared between Great Britain and Russia. The steamer in question is, however, one of the most unlikely vessels in San Francisco to be devoted to any such purpose, as she is slow and old, and her timbers in an advanced stage of decay. Mr. Blanchard, the acent of the Pacific Mail Com pany, says that the Great Republic has been sold to Mr. Cornwall, President of the Black Diamond Coal Company, and will be sent to Oregon to be used as a hulk or receiving ship for a cannery. The Pacific mail agents in this city deny the state ment that they have been in negotiation with the agents of the Russian Government for the sale of any vessels. The prospect of war between Russia and England has stimulated ship building enter prises in this country, and it is believed that many ships have been purchased on speculation. An American journal remarks :-As England and Russia have been for several months lashing their sides and putting paint on their ears, and firing up their hyperborean and their foggy hearts respec tively to a warlike temperature, and as if this thing goes on for a year or so and the other Powers do not quit holding them, there is a possibi lity that they may yet take a kick at each other's shins, the timo has arrived when the expert news paper reporter discovers innumerablespecks of war m every horizon. The Pacific Mail Steamship Com pany having sold the steamer Great Republic to P.B. Cornwall, the procreative imagination of the sunset newspaper man immediately transmutes her into a long, low, black, swift Russian priva . teer, and Mr. Cornwall into a Conradski the Cor aairivoff, with a numerous and bloody crew, scpur ing thé Pacific Ocean in search of British com merca. The thin ghost of a fragile rumour that somebody or another unknown bad hinted that he might otter to buy from Goodall and Perkins the btate of California, now being built for them nt Philadelphia, and Mr. Goodall having distinctly stated that the vossel is not for salo, and that a sum suihcient to buy her has never been offorod them, is, of course, proof positive that she is going to be magnified into a Russian three-decker and despoil Victoria, Esquimault, and the coasts of Vancouver Island and British Columbia generally. Now is the exciting period when every time a Pigeon Point potato schooner, or a Puget Sound lumber, scow changes ownership, the reporter whose heart is in his business, adds another to tho fleet of Russian privateers with which he is covering the ocean. The Great Republic is the newest of the Pacific Steamship Bide-wheelers, and was purchased by Mr. Cornwall, who states that she will fly the Amoricnn flag, and will not become a privateer. From his insinuations certain coastlines of steamers have more occasion to fear the Great Republic than "John Bull," as she is likely to be put on as an opposition boat. Now Tork, May 9. - Four officers of the Russian navy arrived here this morning from Russia direct, and have been closeted most of the day with Bodisco, the Russian Consul. New York, May 10.-The Sun says : A Russian agent has made an offer for the City of Washington of the Alexandre line to Havana. She is a very fast steamer. ' Baltimore, May 10.-It is rumoured here to night that several of the beet steamers of the North German (Lloyd's) line between this city and Bremen have been sold to the Russian Government. Baltimore agents of the line have no knowledge of such sale, but it is known here that the best ships have been replaced by others, and applicants for first-class cabin passage have been informed that they could not be accommodated here, but must sail from New York. Ellsworth, (Me.), May 10.-Since yesterday there is more activity on board the Cimbria. Yesterday afternoon the revenue cutter Hugh M'Culloch came into Southwest Harbor, and promptly sent a boat to the Cimbria; which returned the call. About the same time Captain Huut and the younger Captain Gripenberg, who recently arrived on the Germania, reached the Cimbria, and after an inter view with those on board «tarted this morning on their return. London. May ll.-The Standard understands that the Russian Ambassador at Rome has said that the steamer Cimbria was engaged to trans port men and officers to America, where they will cross tho continent, and other vessels will take them to the mouth of the Amoor River, this being twenty-one days shorter than the route across Siberia. The object is merely the better protec tion of the Russian possessions on the lower Amoor. . London, May ll.-A despatch from Rome con tradicts the statement attributed to the Russian EmbaBsador there that the Cimbria W03 engaged to transport men and officers to America, where they will cross the continent to take other vessels to the mouth of the Amoor. The despatch adds : The Embassador said nothing of the kind. The ¡PhiladelphiaJ Chronicle of April 13 has quite a sensation in regard to the Pacific Coast .Steamship Company's new steamer State of Cali fornia. It runs in this style :-" The Messrs. Cramp say she is for the Pacific trade, but knowing ones hint that when she gets to the Pacific she will hoist the Russian flag. One thing is certain, that British agents are watching her very closely and spies are upon her constantly. Some say she is for the Russian Government, while others claim that she is to be a privateer in case of war between England and Russia. Several persons who are known to have been in the service of the Russian Government have been seen in the vicinity." 