THE LAST OF A DOOMED RACE. (To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) Sib, — In your issue of tho 22nd June last, an article appeared under the above heading, copied from the Melbourne Argus, in which it is stated that the unfortunate gentleman who died in the coal collar in London was the last of the illustri ous race of Lullv Tollendal. As I doubt the accuracy of that statement, 1 would Peel obliged by your giving these few remarks a place in your journal. I find on looking over O'Callaghan's history of the Irish Brigade in the service of France that at his death Lully Tollendal had only one son, who died in 1830, leaving as issue only ono daughter, who married the Count do A.usc. Speaking of the son, he says : 'To that son. but a minor at college, as only born in March, 1751, his father by the last words he wrote previous to his death committed the vindication of his memory and this mournful injunction was accepted with such filial piety and carried out with such a very creditable combination of zeal, perseverance, and ability, that at length, or in May, 1778, the King, poor Louis XVI, in Council, by the unanimous opinions of a large number oil magistrates and for reasons equally demonstrating the injustico and illegality of the fatal sentence of tho Parliament of Paris twelve years before, pronounced that sentence and whatever resulted from it to be of no authority and cancelled accordingly. By this (.'aneelling decision, the memory of the unfortunate Count was cleared from every aspersion cast upon him by law ; the fact of his innocence and of his con sequent butchery, merely through the formation of a detestable cabal against him, having ever since his death been generally admitted by public opinion. Of the younger Lally, as not being an officer of the Irish Brigade, the subsequent dis tinguished political and literary career can only be referred to hero, by adding that at his death in March, 1830, lie included among hir- titles and dig nities those of Count and Marquis of LuUyTollen dal, Peer of France, Minister of State, Grand Officer of the Legion- of Honour, Chevalier, Commander, and G-rand Treasurer of the Order of St. Esprit, or the Holy Ghost, Member of the Koyul Aca demy of Franco. He left by his marriage but one daughter, Elizabeth Felicite Claude de Lally Tollendal, through whom the family peerage was conveyed to her husband the Count d'Ause. Yours, &c;, T. K. Eockhampton, July 9, 187S. 