CRESSY HUNT [BY A VISITOR.] Seeing by advertisement that the Northern hounds were to meet at Cressy on Thursday, I thought I would run over and have a look at their doings ; so taking a bee line across the country, I arrived at the township some time before that appointed for the start. Although the day was not very promising, a large number of people had assembled, and wo kept increasing our numbers till we reached Mr Bartlett's, who had kindly placed his paddocks at our disposal to start the deer in. The deer was let out about half-past 12 o'clock, in the presence of about 170 people, of whom from 50 to 00 were mounted. A large number of vehicles lining the road, together with foot passengers, made up the largest attendance I have seen this season. The deer was not the best specimen of his race that I have seen, and at first did not seem inclined to leave the paddock, but by dint of persuasion . he gently crossed a lane and the five coupios of hounes were laid on. After a slight delay they got on the scent and dashed along at a good pace across thelane, followed by the field. The deer on reaching the next field did not seem inclined to leave it, and it was not till the hounds got up to him that he could be persuaded to clear the fence, a four railer, which was taken by the field in good style, none coming to grief, though one cut out the top rail. The deer then cleared a stiff deadwood, which was negotiated without accident, although a couple baulked and one gent on a bay hit it very hard. The hounds now got up very close to the deer, which seemed completely done, but managed to get over the next fence, when the hounds ran into him, but where soon whipped off. The deer was now allowed a few minutes' law, but he improved his leisure by chasing some cattle round the field, and a fight took place between him and a resolute cow, which terminated in a victory for the former. Having thus renovated himself he started back across the deadwood and round a corner, came into the paddock again over a post and rail fence ; he then ran up and down for a shoit time, when he took on to the road over a fence and ditch, at which two of : the field kissed mother earth and a few rails were broken. At the opposite side of the road he was confronted by an old man who had been in ambush, placed there, so he said, by the owner of the ground to shoot the stag should it cross his grass paddocks. It was not, I thiiik, a good plan to place a poor old man to do the work who would have been unable to take the consequences. However, the deer intimidated I suppose, made down the road to the first hotel, but On reaching the new Temperance Hall better resolutions prevailed, and he jgave up the spirit (ghost I mean), and We had to whip off the hounds, as it was evident he could go no further, and rain was falling heavily. At this juncture a horse bolted and came up the road at a great pace, but fortunately got through without doing any damage. Amongst those present I noticed the huntsman on Duchess, the whip on Dioko, Mr C. Field "on a bay, MrW, Field a black, Mr J. Ralston on a grey importation, Mr Falkiner on Lothair, Mr T. Gatenby on Commodore, Mr W. Gatenby on Guy, Mr F. O'Connor on Rocket, Mr A Parker on a chestnut, Mr E. Parker on James, Mr Cox on Rambler, Mr Armstrong on Victor, Mr Story on a chestnut, Mr W. Ralston on a brown, Mr Grueber on a chestnut, Messrs O. and J. Field on bays, and numerous others that I cannot now recollect the names of. Ten of the field sported scarlet and gave the field a gay appearance. I hope to see as good an attendance at the next meet. 