MISCELLANEOUS. WASHING OF CLOTHES.—The following compound is said greatly to faciliate the washing of clothes. Dissolve two pounds of bar soap in about three gal- Ions of water as hot as the hand can bear. And one tablespoon- ful of turpentine and three of liquid ammonia. Stir, and steep the clothes in this for three hours, keeping the vessel tightly covered. Then wash the clothes in a usual way. The soap and water may be used a second time, in which a tea- spoonful ol turpentine and the same amount of ammonia must be added. This treatment is calculated to save much labor in cleansing summer clothing stained by fruit or wine. SORE THROATS, HEADACHE, COLD FEET ETC. —If those who are subject to sore throats, and the like, were to bathe the neck with cold water in the morning, and use a flesh brush at night it would more than compensate them for the time and trouble. There are many who suffer from headache and cold feet. If they would plunge their feet in cold water every morning and use the flesh-brush every night, it would relieve them both. THE JUDGMENT OF THE COURT.—Hu- mour on the Bench was recently dis- played by a magistrate in one of the English colonies, who delivered the following remarkable judgment :— Pachua is hereby charged with having on the 11th January, followed the Court on rising, and while the said Court was in the act of mounting its Buggy, came from behind, and seizing the Court's dangling leg, the other foot being on the step, forcibly pulled back the Court, frightened the horse, and nearly caused an accident. The reason alleged for this by accused is that he wanted to hear the result of an application of his. The practice by petitioners of pulling the Court by the legs is one that should be dis- couraged. Accused only says he is a poor man, admitting the truth of the complaint. He is sentenced to one month's rigorous imprisonment." CAUSE AND EFFECT.—An exchange says, " A red nose may be produced without drinking intoxicating liquors. It may proceed from defective circu- lation, or from wearing a light collar." This is true, and similarly a blue eye and a swelled head may be the result of an interview with an impolite lamp post ; but, in this age of infidelity, un- fortunately, red noses, blue eyes, and swelled heads are usually credited to an acquaintance with whiskey and the energetic club of an inimical Police- man WHAT IS A KING ?—Our boy Swipes, says a California paper, is a regular attendant at Sunday school. Lad Sunday his teacher was explaining a chapter to the class in the Book of Kings. After delivering a lesson which she thought to be a very entertaining discourse she asked the class, " What is a king ? This was a poser to the class. Finally, our boy Swipes, who is the pride of the Sunday school, held up his hand. This made his teacher smile benignly, for she was proud to see him so ready with an answer, so she said : " Well, ? Swipes, what is a King ?" Well, miss, you see when you get in the king row and put a checher on him, why then he's a king and when some- body leads jack, and another fellow plays a queen in pedro, you can make his eyes hang out by taking 'em both with the king." The difference between American and Eng- lish comic literature has been thus cleverly put by Josh Billings :—" Amerikans love caustic things ; they would prefer turpentine to colone- water, if they had to drink either. So with the relish of humor ; they must have it on the half-shell with cayenne. An Englishman wants hiz fun smothered in mint sauce, and he iz willing tew wait till next day before he tastes it. If yu tickle or convince an Ameri- kan, yu hav got tew do it quick. An Ameri- kan luvs tew laff, but he don't luv tew make a business of it ; he works, eats, and haw-haws on a canter. I guess the English have more wit, and the Amerikans more humor. We haven't had time yet to bile down our humor and get the wit out ov it. The English are better punsters, but i konsider punning a sort of literary sakriphise of spellink, about which I am pertickler." Two friends, an Englishman and an Irish- man, travelling, had a double-bedded room at an inn. Being awoke by a noise in the night, the Englishman called to his companion to light the candle. " Where is it asked Pat. " At your right hand, on the table." ? " Are you crazy ?" cried Pat. " How can I see which is my right hand in the dark ?" GRASPING A DIFFICULTY.—Slavey : " Mis- sisses the milk's more than 'arf water, an' she'll 'ave to deal sumwheres else if tain't bet- ter." Milkman : " Well, my dear, you must tell your missis that I'm very sorry, but them cows of mine will eat damp grass and I can't perwent 'em this weather ?" She was a forlorn and mild-spoken woman, but firm, and as the lady of the house placed a loaf of bread and some cold meat in her basket, she calmly said, " No, ma'am ! I couldn't think of taking it. You've give me cold veal once afore this week and my family hasn't been raised to repeat their meat more'n once in two weeks." HINTS ON THE MAKING OF BREAD.—As a most diffi- cult branch of a housekeeper's duties, breadmaking re- puires a generous stock of patience, and a vast deal of experience. The skill of it is in no sense intuitive, but acquired through repeated failures and doubtful success- es ; and even the accepted receipt of many a housewife makes a poor apology for a perfect loaf of bread. The best of receipts gets hard usage in unskilled hands, and the indifference which breadmaking betrays would spoil any rule, and offend any table. Teaching is worth something, but in this, as in most other skilled employ- ments, experience is everything. Mr. Tegetmeier, in his Handbook, explains the process by which bakers make their bread so light and spongy. They mix a little of the flour they are about to use with water and the yeast, and set it to rise semetime before mixing up the mass of dough. In this way less yeast is required, and by this whole " sponge," acting as a ferment, the bread is much better and softer than is made in the ordinary way. The rising of the dough is quickened by adding to the sponge a small quantity of mashed boiled potatoes. To make half a peck of flour into bread on this system, mash three- fourths of a pound of well-boiled mealy potatoes through a coarse sieve or colander, and mix with a pint of flour ; mix an ounce and a half of German dried yeast with a pint and a halt of luke-warm water, and strain into the flour and potatoes ; beat the whole into a batter ; cover with a blanket and set by the fire to rise. In two hours if kept quite warm, this will have risen considerably and constitutes the " sponge." Beat this with the hand very perfectly, and mix with nearly a pint and a half of blood- warm water (92 deg. Fahrenheit) and pour into half a peck of flour, which has already had one and one-fourth ounce of salt mixed with it. Knead the whole into dough and let it rise in a warm place—two hours in warm weather, longer in cold weather. Then tnrn out on a floured table, divide into pieces suitable for loaves, and knead lightly into proper shape with flour enough, to keep it from adhering to the table. For a still lighter bread a portion of the dough, when ready for the oven, should be well kneaded, with flour enough to make it rather solid, divide into small loaves or rolls, placed on a slightly greased tin, and in a warm place to rise again. Then wash over the loaves with a little milk, and bake for about twenty minutes. Upon taking from the oven cover with a cloth to prevent the outside from becoming hard. Stale bread, which is far more healthy than new, may be made soft and palatable by covering closely with a tin and placing it for half an hour in a very moderate- ly-heated oven. MOSES REFUTED.—The subjoined ludicrous produc- tion from the " New York Times " is one of the best burlosques on the " scientific method " that have come under notice. The " hit" at geologists who construct elaborate theories on exceedingly frail suppositions might well be extended to some learned professors in other branches of science, who have reared wonderful fabrics of apparent facts solely from the "scientific" (?) use of their imagination :—" A new and violent blow has just been struck at the Mosaic account of creation by the discovery of an extremely important fossil in a coffee sack at Baltimore. In the centre of this sack was found the skull of a monkey. There can be no doubt as to the facts. The coffee was of the variety called Rio, and the skull was perfectly preserved. Let us dwell for a little upon the meaning of this discovery as interpreted by the principles of geology. The coffee sack was 12 say (12½) inches in diameter, and four feet in height. The skull, which lay in the middle of it, was therefore two feet below the surface. To suppose that it was violently forced into the sack, after the latter was full, would be eminently unscientific. No one imagines that the fossil birds of the Old Red Sandstone dug down into that lo- cality through the superincumbent strata. Nothing is more universally conceded than that fossils are always found where they belong. The animals whose remains we find in the rocks of the paleozoic, the meso-Gothic, and the Syro-Phoenician strata, belong, respectively, to those several systems. The fossil monkey skull was, therefore, deposited in the coffee sack when the latter was half full, and the two feet of coffee which rested upon it was a subsequent deposit. Now, it follows from this premise that monkeys existed during the early part of the Rio coffee period. It is the opinion of most geologists that the Rio coffee period succeeded the ter- tiary period, and immediately preceded the present period. Now, no tertiary monkeys have yet been found ; but the Baltimore discovery shows that monkeys existed as early as the middle of the Rio coffee period, a date for earlier than any which has hitherto been assigned to them. " We are now in a position to inquire what is the least period of time which must have elapsed since the skull of the Baltimore monkey was the property of a live and active simian. The answer to this question must be sought by ascertaining the rate at which coffee is depos- ited. It is the opinion of Mr. Huxley, based upon a long and careful examination of over three hundred garbage boxes that coffee is deposited in a ground condition at the rate of inch in a thousand centuries, but the de- position of unground coffee is almost infinitely slower. He has placed bags, coffee mills, and other receptacles in secluded places, and left them for months at a time, without finding the slightest traces of coffee in them. Although Huxley does not hazard a guess at the rate of deposition of unground Rio coffee, Professor Tyndall does not hesitate to say that it is at least as slow as the deposition of tomata cans. Let us suppose, as we are abundantly justified in doing, that 30,000,000 of years would be required to bring about the deposition of a stratum of tomata cans one foot thick all over the sur- face of the globe, and an equally long period must cer- tainly have elapsed while a foot of unground coffee was accumulating over the skull of the Baltimore monkey. We thus ascertain that the monkey in question yielded up his particular variety of ghost and became a fossil fully 30,000,000 of years ago. Probably even this enor- mous period of time is much less than the actual period which has elapsed since that monkeys decrease ; and we may consider ourselves safe in assigning to his skull the age of 50,000,000 years, besides a few odd months. " In the light of this amazing revelation what becomes of Moses and his 6000 years ? It will hardly escape no- tice that he nowhere mentions Rio coffee. Obviously, this omission is due to the fact that he knew nothing of it. But if he was acquainted with one of the most recent formations, how can we suppose that he knew anything of the elder rocks—the metamorphic and stereoscopic stratas ? And yet it is this man, ignorant of the plainest facts of geology, and of its very simplest strata, who boldly assumes to tell us all about the creation !" A NOVEL way of making money out of a mean man has just been found out in Europe. It appears that a certain young gentleman, next of kin, and heir to his uncle, an elderly bachelor, has for some time considered that the said uncle, is the most outrageously mean man that ever existed. The boy has been brought up as a civil engineer, but as that profession has been in his case a failure, he has more than once hinted that his uncle might give a portion of that fortune which will one day pass into his hands. All these hints have led to no result. The reduced youth has now hit upon a novel plan. A few days since he presented himself at the Patent Office, and informed the clerk in charge that he wished to patent a wonderful article, " The most perfect screw ever produced." Being provided with the necessary forms, he sat down and wrote out, as a preliminary specification, an exact description of his uncle. If the application is successful he will enjoy the sole right of manufacturing and selling his uncle for the next fourteen years ; but it will still be open for any other young gentleman to obtain a patent if he can discover greater or more perfect screw. 