Dr Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, preached to crowded congregations in St John's Church on Sunday last, and will . deliver an address ' after the tea meeting in the Shire Hall this evening. : v - ' A football match between eighteen of Avoca and the same number of players from Inkerman, took place on the local ground on Saturday last. The game was well contested on both sides, but ultimately the local team obtained the advantage, the score at the finish showing— Avoca, two goals ; Inkerman, one. The goal umpires were Messrs Sloss and Bishop, and the central umpire was Mr E. J. E. Wall. . The mew school is rapidly approaching completion, and it will probably be ready to hand over to the department at the end of this month. The manner in, which, the work has been performed reflects very great credit on the contractor, Mr Jarvis. i A new scale for the payment of teachers' salaries appears in Friday's Government Gazette. The scale commences with £80 for males and £64 for females, as ' teachers of schools having an attendance of under twenty scholars, and these are the lowest fixed salaries which male and female teach ers respectively may receive. The scale rises gradually until for a school of of 1050 children the male head teacher receives £324, the female head teacher £259 4s, the first male assistant and certificated female first assistant not employed in her husband's school, £200 ; first female certificated as sistant, employed. in her husband's school, £180 ; unqualified females; £160 ; second assistants, classified, males £120, females ;£96. Certificated male teachers will not receive less than £100 per annum, and cer tificated females not less than £S0 per an- num.- Pupil teachers' salaries are fixed at from' £20 to £50 for males, and - from £16 to £40 for females. The new regulation comes' into force" after the end of this month, and as it makes a large reduction in the salaries without consulting Parliament on the subje"ct'-it will' occasion "a "good" deal of dissatisfaction and opposition. The manager of the - Working Miners' Company, Homebush, reports a' yield for "the fortnight of 4Soz 2dwt, mostly from one pick. The preliminary announcements for the Shire Council elections appear in our ad vertising columns. Candidates are to be nominated before the 30th instant, and the election will take place on the 8th August. The next county court at Avoca will be held on tlio 29th October. At the Court of Assize held at Marybo rough on Friday last, William Boyle, found guilty of horse-stealing, was sen tenced to four years' imprisonment. George Gouge, charged with forgery, was acquitted.. Cornelius William Martin, who pleaded guilty to the charge of : stealing, a letter and inoney from" the Avoca post 'office, was sen tenced' to eighteen months' imprisonment with hard labor. . Applications under tbo Land Act ap proved For leases — Tlios. Ivory, Thos. Looby, Moyreisk ; Robert Humphey ' s, LextonjRoclolphJ.. Greene, Laridsborougb. F or grants — J oseph Lyons, J ohn Ramsay, Lexton. The following leases under the Land Act have been revoked John Slater, 91a Or 3Sp, lledbanlc, to grant renewed license dated 30th September 1874, £23 rent to be credited to new license ; David , Brough, Elizabeth Brough, Henry Brooks, Robert Walker, 20 acres each, expired, not open for selection ; Wm. Pressdee, Moyreisk ; W. Stewart, Barkly; Frederick Date, War- renmang ; D. O'Neill, Barkly ; Catherine Kelly, Redbank. The five , last named leases have expired, but will be open for selection under section 49, on 2nd August next at 9 a.m. The Gazette announces that Captain Fraser has resigned the command of the Maryborough troop of Light Horse, and that Acting-Captain Watson has been ap pointed captain and commanding officer in his place. We have received the first number of the new series of the Presbt/tei'ian Review, pub lished by Mr M. L. Hutchinson, of Mel bourne. The new serial has been started under tbo authority of the Presbyterian Assembly, and it will be owned by a com pany having a nominal capital of £1,000 in shares of £1 each. The Review is well written, excellently printed, and if it con tinues as it has commenced it will certainly receive a large amount of support. The price is 6d per copy. The general meeting of shareholders in the Monte Christo Company will be held on Monday next at the Avoca Hotel. Mr J. F. Paten announces that on Satur day next he will sell by auction, at Natte Yallock, forty head of good and useful cattle, the property of Mr J oseph Robinson. On Monday the 5th August Mr Paten will offer by auction the comfortable and desirable . residence lately occupied by Mr James Wise, and situated in High street, near the Camp. Also at the same time, a freehold allotment and wooden building at the corner of Rutherford and Duke streets, the property of Mr Weston. The advertisement announcing_the sale by auctiou of the Glasgow Arms Hotel and store, at Talbot, has been withdrawn, as Messrs Jones and Peters have otherwise settled their partnership arrangements by mutual consent. - ' Many persons in this district will regret ; to, hear of the death of Mr Charles Toutcher, which took place on Thursday last at Ararat, where for some time he has held the office of town clerk and surveyor. He leaves a widow and eight children. The Herald says It is understood that on Tuesday next, the members of the majo rity who oppose the purchase of the Hob- son's Bay Railway, will decide whether or not they will stonewall the proposal, or merely warmly denounce it. If any stone walling is to take place, the party will be commanded by Mr Gaunson, with Mr A. T. Clark as chief officer. Some arms of the Turkish Household Guards, taken at Plevna, are now being exhibited ih the window of Messrs Rocke and Co.. Collins street. A party of twenty enterprising Victor ians have purchased a vessel with the in tention of proceeding to New Guinea for the purpose of exploring the Island for gold and other minerals, aud setting at rest the many reports that have been made public respecting the discovery of gold. They intend to fit out for six months ex ploration. A telegram from Colac says Coal has been found on the opposite side of the ci eek at Barongaroolc, in the new trial cutting recommended by Mr Mui'ray, the Govern ment geologist, at his visit of inspection on Saturday last. The seam is 16in. thick, and is of superior quality to that at first discovered. It is a continuation of the same stratum, hub its discovery iu the position pointed out has raised tho expeotetious of profit so much that £50 each was refused for shares last night. The seam gets thicker and finer with each addition to the depth of the cutting. The sinking of the vertical shaft on the spot selected by Mr Murray has been . begun. \- A'man named Beach was killed by' the falling in cf a drive at Long Gully, Talbot, on Thursday last. In the Assembly on Thursday Mr. Bropliy gave notice that he would move in favor of £40,000 being placed upon the estimates for the purpose of developing the gold mining industry of the colony. The Australian cricketers intend making a tour through Canada and the United States before they return, and. the leave .of absence to Boyle, Allan, and Horan — mem bers of the Civil Service — has been extended by the Chief Secretary for that purpose. Writing after the first match between the Australian Eleven and Yorkshire, the Sportsman says : — A review of this match proves conclusively the. excellency of the Australians as cricketers ; and those who have formed an opinion that they are in ferior to Englishmen will find themselves much mistaken. Their, chief forte is, per haps, their fielding, and it is not to much to say that never has a team performed iu this country where all the members were so proficient in this department of the game. In bowling, too, the colonials excel, and the question arises — where will. they . meet with an eleven that possesses five such giants as Spofforth, Boyle, Allan, Midwinter and Garrett P Murdoch and Blackham are two wicket- keepers any county here might well be proud of. Iu batting, the team has such men as the brothers Banncrman, Horan; Garret, Midwinter and Spofforth, aud though the form and style of some may not be exactly occording to our perhaps anti quated English ideas of correct cricket, they are certain to render a . good account of themselves in the twenty-five engagements they have -got to fulfil on the side of the globe. A "Sydney, telegram Baron Macleay; tlie Russian New Guinea explorer, has arrived, here by tho Somerset. He is very infirm, having suffered much while exploring in New' Guinea. He ap pears to be still very retioent, but will pro bably give: some information about his travels to the Royal Society. The baron is eccentric in his way. -He would not go to a club or. a hotel, but has ... established himself 'in a small hut in' an isolated, posi tion. He is tb woman-hater, and in fact looks upon a woman as a mere serf. How ever, he is fully acquainted with the North eastern' coast of New Guinea, and the pv.blic may "expect some interesting information upon that subject in a few days. . A new bill to be introduced in the South Australian Parliament provides -that: the Governor shall have power on a dissolution of the Assembly to declare vacaut. the seats of one-third of the members of the Legis lative Council. Mr Berry has postponed the delivery of- ' the Budget statement until the conclusion of - the debate on the Constitution Act Amend- > ment Bill. Mr Service and Mr Kegferd. deprecate this decision, because the debgto\ in question is likely to last for some time — the Norwegian scheme was under discussion for nearly a month — and the Budget state ment cannot b,e made until August.-;. Such,- a delay (says Mr 'Service) has 'Aeyerdl?-' currejd before., and is likely tu be pi'ejmlicial to pub lie business... .. cr One of those readily-accepted,- but- ill-' defiued rumours, of mysterious origin, ..was (says the Telegraph) being whispered in the city on Eriday amongst politicians who generally manage to obtain even the most confidcntal information. It was said that 1 his Excellency Sir George Bowen had re ceived communications from the Secretary for the Colonies which .were the. reverse of agreeable ; that . a request which the. Governor had made in connection, with his period of service as a "colonial Governor had been refused, though under ordinary circumstauces it would certainly have been granted. It was said, even more distinctly, that Sir George had been advised to Jiold himself in readiness to be transferred to another colonial government before his full period of service in Victoria had expired. The Marquis of Normanby, the present Governor of New Zealand, will probably be Sir George Bowen' s successor, whenever the change may take place. A man named Bernard Lanfranchi was discovered at about 1 o'clock on Thursday morning at the bottom of the Bismarck shaft. His wife says that he was not pressed for money, but that he was troubled by not being able to sell his wood which he had been obliged to stack for the last fif- months. He went to Talbot on Monday about a share in the Forbes' paddock ; on his return he told his wife that he was going to the bad, and since then he has been unable to sleep. He usually remains in the bush from Monday until Saturday when he returns to his home at the Lower Alma. This week he went to work on Tuesday and returned home in a desponding state on Wednesday night, and went to bed. As he could not sleep he wanted to get up again, which his wife prevented him from doing for some time, but at twelve o'clock he got up and went out bidding them good-bye for ever, and kissing them. His wife called a neighbour, Mr Gleeson, and they both started off to look for Lanfranchi but did not succeed in finding bim. Mr Gleeson continued the search until 2- o'clock when he returned, and both he and Mrs Lanfran chi came to the conclusion that her husband ; had gone to her brother's residence near Joyce's station. In the meantime the un fortunate man was found in the position already stated., Mr Beaven, the mining manager, immediately brought him into the Maryborough hospital where he was atten ded to by Dr. Dunn. — Maryborough Adver tiser. A very determined suicide took . place near the Lake Town railway station, Win- chelsea, on the morning of the ,18th inst. Mr Richard Plant, states the Geelong-. Advertise r, a farmer and dealer/ deliberately ; shot himself in his bedroom at ' the ' time, above given, by placing the muzzle of a guu iu his mouth and striking the trigger with a stick. The deceased was a person very much respected ; he was for a short time member of the Winchelsea Road Board, and afterwards filled the office of valuer to the shire council. He leaves a widow and seven children very fairly provided for. The sad act, it seems, has been brought, about by his being made the defendant in two Country Court actions recently, which appears to have preyed upon his mind" very much. - The Sydney Evening news relates the following amusing occurrence' A clever, piece of work has been accomplished in the lands department, an erring officer of long standing being the victim. Kleptomania does not confine its victims to valuables in shape of money or jewellery, but permits of operations on sweetmeats or, in their, ab sence, on the excellent fare enjoyed , by. civil servants at the half -hour forenoon in terval. In the branch of the lands office a day has ever passed over withont com plaints of some unscrupulous hand being laid on the lunch baskets. ,One gentleman was victimised four times successively not a week ago, and the horrible . presentiment came to bis mind that tbe chief of the branch was tho culprit. A couferance was hold, and it was decided to bring the of fender to justice. The whole of the lunches next day were liberally served ' with tartar emetic. At about one. the w chief; felt disinclined to dine, and at 2 was sure he was attacked by cholera or typhoid: 'Half an hour later the real symptoms were ap parent, and the ' sympathies "of the officers of the department increased as the tableau drew nigh. He was sure he was .going to give up the ghost as he had a fe'aful dose, but instead of that gave up the "dinner. Traces of many a tit-bit were -forthcoming and the chief in due course was led - back a better and a lighter man. Ho has since petitioned for the removal, it(is said, of the chief conspirators, on tho ground of insubor dination. I" , A number of sheep in a" flock belonging .to.Mr T. Williams, at Yangcry, have, states the Warrnambool Standard, been stricken with blindness. How they bpcame , so lias puzzled many who are acquainted; with sheep farming, but the malady has "been attributed to severe cold. Its,.first appear- auce was observed when the- sheep were being folded during the late rough; weather, several of them, in going through the pad docks, being seen to run against-tbe fences. On examination it was found tbatthe pupils of their eyes were covered with - a white film, rendering the sheep totally blind, . Bleeding aud the application , of . a ;strong lotion is effecting some improvement in their condition. h An attempt to administer lynch law ,is reported from Inglewood: The, Adveidiser ' states that a. Chinaman, Ah Fun, a partner in a claim on the Daly Lead,, charged Ah' Kiug, a carpenter, with owing,, him £3' Ss. upon some old gambling transactions, . and the latter, who denies his indebtedness, has been terrorised over by his compatriot for some weeks past. Things came to a crisis on Saturday, the 13th inst., when Ah". Fun and his friends endeavoured to lay violent hands upon Ah King. The Tatter broke loose, but was caught Fy his pursuers and ' taken away by force, so it is said ,by. soine of the onlookers, towards the Chinese camp. Ah King states- that having taken him among the holes near the camp, his country-1 men then. attempted to hang or strangle him having a rope already fixed for the purpose. He, however, again broke away, andhaviug gained the protection , of -the police, obtainecl' a warrant for the arrest of Ah Fun; which was executed the same evening at his -resi dence, at the south end of Grant street. Thje arrest caused a great commotion amongst- the Chinese, and close upon 100 of 1 ' them followed the'prisoner to the lock- up; r ' Ah Kiug alleges that he was in imminent dan ger of his life. On His second escape lie took awa1- with him a rope prepared as a noose in the most artistic -fashion, aud witli this he alleges he ...was .. to . have, been strangled. , v Strawberries of good size and fine flavor are now being sent to the market by a farmer near Coleraine. 