THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY 5, 1878. AT last we see arising a dawn of common sense. Outside the Council Chambers of Municipalities, the expediency of the centralisation of the police A which is the expression used for placing the whole force of the Colony under a common management, has been generally recognised. On the part of many there has been a strong inclina- tion to urge the necessity of the change, and to demand of Government its adoption. But it is felt that, on the part of the class from whom spring mayors, wardens, and councillors, there is a very strong conviction in the truth of the fallacy that whatever is, is right. As a body they resist the proposed new order of things, and the hope of overcoming their objections is all the less promising that it is their prejudices -not their reason-that has to be overcome. What would be the use of municipal institutions, it is triumphantly asked, if the management of the police were withdrawn I There might be one short and conclusive way of meeting this objection. Granted that the answer would be "none," and that apart from the control of the police, municipalities would be vox et prmterea nihil, a voice, or name, and nothing more, is it then, worth while maintaining the municipal agency and management of the police, when the same end can be attained at much less cost, and more effectually, by a police force acting under a single responsibility, and on a uniform system ? If municipal institutions effect no other purpose than the management of so many distinct bodies of police, such institutions are but an excres- cence on our social system, and cannot be too soon removed. They who take up the question, What is the use of municipal institutions if the police are withdrawn from their control / prove too much. They do not disprove the wisdom of centralisation, but they prove the uselessness of municipal government ; a stand-point we are not prepared to take up Strong as are our convictions that one comprehensive control and management would be preferable to so many divided and sometimes opposing authorities for jealousies between superintendents and constables do occasionally creep up, still as strongly do we hold that the value of municipal institutions cannot, when properly worked and proper purposes are aimed at, be overestimated. At present the worth of municipal institutions is very much marred and hindered by that interference with police matters so tenaciously clung to and the prominence and importance given to police management on the part of municipal councillors, when contrasted with the little results, invite comparison, and they who live outside municipal boundaries and are placed under the territorial police, express their thankfullness that they" are not within municipal jurisdiction. The more equitable working of the territorial or general system, as shown in the great absence of complaints compared with that discontent to which the municipal police management is so perpetually exposed, is a strong argument in favour of withdrawing the police from the control of municipalities, and centring the management in the Colonial Government. Were this done, would it necessarily follow that municipal institutions should cease and determine 2 The very converse would probably follow. Municipal institutions would be placed on a proper footing, and what are now called police districts would either be created into separate municipalities, or merge into neighbouring ones. In Victoria, cities, towns, boroughs, and municipalities, maintain a vigorous and efficient self-govern- mont, and secure the full protection of police, and yet have not sufficient direct power of interference to secure the appointment of even a petty constable. And among all the vagaries which a somewhat wild democracy is now bringing to the surface there, no one has shown himself insane enough to ask for municipalities the power to appoint and manage a local police force They have the substance and do not waste their energies in attempting to grasp the shadow. Mayors, Wardens, and Councillors in Tasmania expose themselves to the taunt that they cling to the management of the local police for the vain show of being waited on with abject deference by the superintendents and constables, whose respectful salute and trained cap lifting are as intense in their nostrils. Municipal dignitaries are not without respect and deference in Victoria, and these should be all the more grateful that they are not exposed to the suspicion of being slavish, hypocritical, and paid to the office and its power, not to the man and his merits, With us the worth of municipal institutions has been weakened in two ways, They have a power they ought not to have, and they want a power which it should be theirs to exercise, and the proper use of which would raise municipal institutions to their fitting position. They should be disassociated from all connection with the direct management of the police. Within their boundaries they should exercise all authority not necessarily vested in the General Government. The making and maintenance of roads is a legitimate branch of municipal action, and to the municipalities should be entrusted the work now done by the road trusts. Whatever monies are now, or may be hereafter locally raised under any general scheme for opening and maintaining road communication, should be expended under authority of the municipal body. We are, we confess, not very sanguine of soon seeing brought about that change in the management of the police which is so generally desired. Public opinion and public!. good are comparatively powerless against the prejudices and influence of those who consider that their dignity would be shorn of all its glory could they not tell one constable to go and he goeth, to another come and he convict, under a superintendent do this and he doeth it. Mr. REIBEY when Premier showed himself inclined to remove a blot in our system of self- government, but though standing forth as an embodiment of popular will, and as having no sympathy with the " bloated aristocrats '' who value a man's worth by his means, not by his talents or merits, he found himself unable to carry out his good intentions. Even in his democratic following there was sufficient municipal loan to make itself felt, and to warn him against defying the political influence of municipal magnates. When such things were done in the green tree of Mr. BERRY'S patriotism', What can we expect in the dry Iroe of Mr. GIBLIN'S self-seeking, and, according to the Opposition, humble adoration of "the great and influential ones of Tasmania 1 Looking to this subject with all the gravity it deserves, we rail to see much hope of Ministerial or parliamentary action in the direction of proper police control. As stated at the meeting at Swansea, reported in to-day's Mercury, municipal bodies are so largely represented in Parliament that we can hardly expect any Government to try issues with the municipal interest while there are so many other subjects waiting solution. When a reform does come, as come it will, it must proceed from, not be thrust upon, municipal councils. The Swansea report shows the inefficiency of the present system, its costliness, its respect of persons and consequent jealousies and bitterness, and the small return received for the outlay while the report of the meeting of the Sorell Municipal Council also shows where the shoe pinches, though the latter municipality has not reached the state of convincoment that has been forced on Swansea. Yet the working of the existing system evidently does not give satisfaction in Sorell, and, but for the sacrilege of eluding municipal dignity, there would be something ludicrous in the gravity which this Council debated the cut of police leggings, the formation of the peak of a cap, and the important question shall the police jacket be single or double breasted so as to enable the Council to extend its expenditure down to the aforesaid leggings 1 Sorell is fast following in the heterodoxy of Swansea, for it is losing its confidence in the wisdom of retaining the management of the police. Other municipalities are showing themselves subject to doubts. We might quote the reports of the Inspector of Police in favour of the change we advocate. While for the lost three years the numbers of offences reported, of apprehensions, and of convictions, show a considerable deduction in the municipal return ; the number of offences reported in the territorial districts has remained almost stationary. The argument may be used that this shows a gratifying reduction of crime in the municipalities. We wish we could accept the interpretation. But the reports lead to a different conclusion, and one of greater efficiency on the part of the territorial police. In the municipalities, the number of apprehensions for the last three years was respectively, 521, 440, and 427; of convictions, 384, 336, and 323. The results of the territorial police work for the same period is thus stated apprehensions 124, 123, and 124 ; of convictions, 82, 97, and 103. TELEGRAPHIC ITEMS A notice was posted at the Telegraph Office yesterday, intimating that communication with Tamar Heads had been restored, but that the Port Darwin line had been interrupted north of Tennant's Creek since 8 o'clock on Monday evening. The direct telegrams published elsewhere must have arrived in Melbourne prior to the interruption, and been delayed in transmission from Low Heads. THE: BUSINESS OF THE POLICE: Count The absurdity of entrusting the administration of the laws to amateur magistrates was again exemplified at the Police Court yesterday. The multitudinous catalogue of duties which the Police Magistrate has to discharge required his attendance elsewhere, and only one of the justices summoned put in an appearance at the proper time. The consequence was that, as it required two magistrates to adjudicate, the one who did attend, Mr Hull, together with the the representatives of the press, the court officials, and those concerned in the charges that had to be tried were kept for about an hour doing nothing. Eventually an officer of the Court was despatched for a second magistrate, and returned at a few minutes to eleven, having been successful. It is quite time that the duties of the Police Magistrate were lessened and his powers increased so as to do away with the necessity of having a roll of justices who when they are wanted are rarely available. They are fond of the honours but shirk the responsibilities of their offices. TREË-1'LANTING.'-Wo congratulate the City Council of having a step in the right direction. The decayed trees along Macquarie-street have been removed to make way for a now supply. The chestnuts have again found favour, and the re- planting is now proceeding. It might, perhaps, have been advisable to try a few of other sorts, for experience does not point to the adaptability of our climate for the chestnuts. On this occasion the small circular enclosures, that hardly allowed the air to got in, are to give place to much larger and square enclosures affording a larger area for the fall of rain, and less exposing the trees to be dashed against the fences by the wind. THE WEATHER-The weather has again assumed a very wintry aspect. Yesterday morning there was an hour or two of sunshine, but by mid-day the clouds gathered, and a heavy rain, with a biting cold prevailed for the rest of the day. As indicative of the winter so far, we have been told that an old swamp near Clarence Plains, that has been dry for ten years, is again full of water. THE Ciucus.-Notwithstanding the inclement weather, there was a very good attendance at the circus last evening. The programme was the same as that given on the previous night, and each item was successfully performed. Mclme. de Granville's feats of strength were warmly applauded, the case with which she performs each difficult act being really astonishing. The performance concluded with a comic sketch by three of the company, entitled " The Clown's Ghost." This evening the performance will be for the benefit of Mr. Wm. H. Hayes, one of the proprietors, and the principal equestrian of the company. We hope, with fine weather, to see a large attendance on this occasion. ARTISTIC CONFECTIONERY.-Messrs. J. Hoggins and Son, of Liverpool-street, have just executed an order for a wedding cake of unusual dimensions, and very great beauty. It is in three tiers, surmounted by a centre-piece and elegant bouquet. The cake weighs between 60 and 70 lb., and is a magnificent wedding-table ornament, great skill having been exercised in attaching the numerous varieties of flowers, silver oats, doves, and other hymeneal symbols, by which it is surrounded. The cake stands nearly 4 feet in height, and is about 2 feet 6 inches in diameter. It will be on view at the Messrs. Hoggins' shop throughout to-day. A MAN REPORTED MISSING. Mrs, Steers, of Macquarie-street, reported at the Police Station yesterday that her husband had been missing from his home for about five or six weeks. The police have ascertained, however, that Steers is a drover, and whilst his movements are necessarily uncertain, there is a probability of him being in the district of the Huon. FIRE IN BRISBANE-STREET. The chimney of a house at the corner of Brisbane and Murray streets, and occupied by Mr. John Burke, took fire at an early hour yesterday, and some sparks falling upon the roof, it became ignited. The fire bell gave the customary warning, and the two reels were brought into requisition, and promptly extinguished the fire before much damage had been done. GLENORCHY. In connection with St. Paul's Association, there will be music and readings in the Presbyterian Schoolroom to-morrow evening. PARISH OF BOTHWELL public meeting of members of the Church of England is to be held in the schoolroom, Bothwell, on the 10th inst, for tho purpose of instituting a Parochial Association in connection with the Church Society, The Dean and other gentlemen will be present. CHURCH SOCIETY-The evening a meeting of members of St. David's branch of this society is to be held in the Masonic Hall. BIBLE SOCIETY-The annual meeting of this society is to be held in the Mechanics' Institute this evening. The Rev Dr. Nicolson is to take the chair?, at 7 o'clock. RULE ASSOCIATION-The half-yearly meeting is to be held on Thursday, July 11, at the Freemasons' Hall. LOWER DERWENT ROAD TRUST.-A meeting of the Trustees is to be held at the Blue Anchor, on Monday next, at 2 p.m. CHARITABLE RELIEF. The Devon Hera M writes : " We are glad to find that the remarks we made a few days since, on the delay attending the dis tribulation of Government aid to poor people in this district, have had the desired effect, as some recipients of the public bounty have called upon us to render thanks for our timely allusion to the matter. Some arrears have been paid up, and the poor creatures who are dependent upon the charity of their neighbours have been enabled, to some extent, to provide against starvation, and perhaps procure some additional protection against the exceptionally cold weather experienced this season." SUPREME COURT-Yesterday the Judges sat in banco it being the first day of term. The rule obtained last term against an attorney of the Court, to show' cause why he should not be struck off the rolls for misconduct was further enlarged for a week, Mr. S. Sheehy, who appeared as counsel for the attorney expressing his belief that there would-be satisfactory answer forthcoming. The Chief Justice gaYo judge incur on the Special Case submitted in James and another. Gray and ofAe»'-?,invol\'ingseveral important questions affecting the construction, of the late Mr. John James's will. The first two questions were, who was entitled to a sum of £357 10s. received by the trustees on account of the rent of the cottage at New Town, in which the testator directed that his wife should be permitted to reside during her life free of rent or charge, and what are her rights with regard to the occupation of the cottage. The opinion of the Court was that Mrs. James was not entitled to the rent received by the trustees during the time she was living out of the colony, and that amounted to £357 10s., but that by ceasing to live in the cottage, she did not abandon her right to resume occupation according to the provisions of the will. The third question related to the fund out of which the annuity of £400 bequeathed to the wife, and certain sums of £60 a year for the maintenance of each child up to the specified age, and the answer to that question was that the annuity and sums for maintenance are primarily payable out of the income of the blended fund, and should that be insufficient then out of the personalty, or out of the rents of the realty, or out of the blended fund itself, as may be found most convenient. The 4th question was whether Alfred Chas. James and Francis Edmund James are now entitled to be paid their- respective shares of the income of the trust fund, together with an amount equal to the amount which has been retained by the trustees, in repay- ment of the respective sums of £60 a year paid to their mother for their maintenance, and, whether writer or without interest? The sums of £60 a year for each of the two plaintiffs sons of the testator amounted in the whole to £1,074. and the trustees had claimed reimbursement by the two sons before paying them any portion of the income of the trust fund; whoreasthesons contended thathavingattained 21 years of age they were entitled to be paid their shares in the income of the trust fund without de- duction for the purpose of such reimbursement. The Court supported the contention of the plaintiffs, and held that the sums of £80 a year were a personal allowance to the window and were not charge- able to the respective shares of the sons." The fifth question was what estate the two sons take in the real estate, in the trust fund, and in the income of the trust fund respectively ? After reviewing the circumstances, and the provisions of the will as a whole, and noticing the cases bearing upon the point, the Court - decided that they took estates as tenants in common in fee, subject to executors devises over in certain events, and the sons having attained the age of 21 years, Yvero consequently entitled to indefeasible estates as tenants in common in fee. The shares of the two sons in the trust fund did not vest upon the testator's death, but became vested upon their severally attaining the age of 21, and they are entitled to a vested share in that fund to be paid to them when the youngest child attained 21, and they are entitled to receive the income of theirrespect'iY'e shale from the time they attained their majority. The Court ordered the costs to be paid out of the testator's estate. "THE CATHOLIC STANDARD." An excellent number of this paper for July has been issued. The leading article is on " Modern Unbelief," and there is a large amount of interesting local and general news. ST. JOSEPH'S ORPHAKAOE.-TheCat?io/icSia?t<fa«? writes : " The establishment now being erected by the Sisters of Charity in Harrington-street for an Orphanage and Industrial School is speedily being brought to completion, but we are sorry to hear that the funds necessary to fulfil the conditions of the contract are already exhausted, and the good Sisters are consequently alarmed lest the men engaged in its erection should be dismissed and the work abandoned in an unfinished condition. The purchase of the site having cost £1,200, nearly absorbed all the pecuniary means they possessed, and for the present portion of the building, which is to cost £1,530, as well as for fitting out the Institution with suitable furniture, in all about £2,000, they have to depend upon the charity and generosity of the public. The Sisters, therefore, are placed in a condition of great difficulty and distress, and, in consequence of the collections being made in all parts of the Diocese for St. Mary's Cathedral, they cannot expect any considerable aid from their friends in this country. As a last resource, in such extreme necessity, the Very Rev. Father Dunne has volunteered to travel out of the Diocese, Yvherever charity may guide him, in quest of funds for such an object, and we believe he has arranged to take his departure in the course of the pursuant month. The necessity of such an Institution, in which poor unprotected girls will be trained to industry and domestic service, and where the destitute orphan child, who would otherwise inevitably be lost, will find a home and a mother is well-known to him, and his length of time on the mission in Tasmania must have made him many acquaintances and friends, who will aid him amidst the toils and inconveniences of his mission of charity." Father Dunne has assigned £100, due to him from St. Matthew's Church, Brighton, to the school and the Standard's Dublin correspondent states that Father Bourke preached in that city in aid of the school on the 24th February. THE LATE MR. Jou.v MURPHY.-The Chronicle gives the following account of the funeral of this gentleman The remains of the late Mr. John Murphy were. privately removed by hearse from the family residence, York-street, to the Church of the Apostles on Sunday evening. On Monday the flag at the Town Hall, and those on the shipping, floated half-mast high, and many of the leading places of business were partially closed in respect to the memory of the deceased. The Municipal and Police Offices were closed from 1 p.m., and orders were issued to the police force to muster at the Station at three p.m. to proceed thence to attend the funeral. From three to half-past three p.m. continuous streams of citizens passed down each street towards the Church of the Apostles, which was crowded during the closing of the service for the dead, performed by the Rev. P. Gleeson, assisted by the Rev. D. X. Beechinor and Rev. J. Hagan:-Orowda_o.f spectators of all classes, of both sexes, and of' all ages, were assembled outside the Church. At a quarter to four o'clock, the service having terminated, the" congregation retired and the coffin was removed to the hearse, accompanied by the pall bearers Messrs S. Tulloch, Adye Douglas, W. Hart and T. C. Just, Members of the House of Assembly; Mr. W. Turner,' Mayor; Mr. Alfred Harrop, Master Warden and ex-Mayor ; Mr. C. H. Smith, of the firm of Dalgety, Moore and Co., Mr. E. D. Harrop, manager of the Commercial Bank ; Messrs C. G. Greig, J. H. Smith, G. T. Collins and C. W. Rocher, of Launceston, and Mr. Hamilton, of Hobart Town. The chief mourners following were Masters Frank and Edward Murphy, Dr. R. W. Murphy, Captain Fitzgerald, and Messrs. B. P. Farrelly, F. Rigney, F. J. Boothman and Lindsay Tulloch. The members of the Corporation who Yvero not pall bearers Aldermen Barrett, Button, Drysdale, French, and Mills followed next. After them came the members of the Municipal Police Force, Mr. Coulter, Superintendent of Police, and Sub-Inspector Sullivan last. The main body of the funeral cortege consisted of upwards of 300 citizens, amongst whom YVO noticed clergymen and church members of each denomination, professional men, bankers, commercial men, mechanics, and laborers, so universal was the desire to pay respect to the memory of the deceased. About twenty vehicles brought up the rear. In addition to those in the procession the streets were lined with hundreds of men, women, and children, all with sorrowing, sympathetic faces, and many affected to tears. The cortege passed from the Church of the Apostles up Elizabeth to Wellington-street, and thence by Howick-street to the Catholic Burying Ground, where the Rev. P. Gleeson performed the closing funeral obsequies. The Very Rev. Dean Butler was present in his buggy, but we regret to say he was too lame to admit of his taking any active part in the solemn ceremonies. 