THE Sydney Morning Herald speaks in terms of the strongest condemnation concerning such of the proposals in Mr. FARNELL'S amending land bill as are in accord with the principles laid down in the Free Selectors' manifesto. We are not surprised at this. The recognised organ of the large landholders could not without a sacrifice of consistency do other than denounce any suggestions jeopardising the interests of the class it has so long supported, even when those interests are opposed to the welfare of the community as a whole. And if our contemporary be justified in championing a doubtful cause, it is perhaps also justified in using rather doubtful weapons in the contest. Where the straightforward arguments and evident facts of the case are all arrayed on one side of the controversy, it follows that the advocates on the other side must either "manufacture" facts, or else turn and twist those already existing to suit their own purposes. Our contemporary chooses the latter alternative, and by an ingenious adaptation of facts and figures endeavors to show that the main reforms contemplated in Mr. FARNELL'S bill, and asked for by the free selectors, are neither necessary nor justifiable. In order to make out a plausible case, however, the Herald is obliged to ignore some of the most important points in the several questions at issue. In a recent issue of the Herald, for example, we find the following passage with reference to the proposed abolition of the interest charge :— "Whether their proposal 'to abolish interest' refers to the future or to tbe past, it rests on the Assumption that the price of land to free selectors ought to be reduced. But why ? Sixteen years ago there might have been some question as to whether land in the interior was worth a pound per acre, for then our railways were only beginning to be constructed, communication was difficult, and the population was about half its present number. Yet people took up land under Sir John Robertson's Act, and nothing was heard about the abolition of interest until the immense land sales of tbe last few years. Why, then, reduce the price now alter all that has been done to open up the country at the public expense, and when there is a demand lor land far beyond the requirements of actual settlement ?" The query here put is one not at all difficult to answer. Sixteen years ago the whole face of the country was open to the conditional purchaser; the best of the land was taken first, that of second-rate quality next ; and now, in the settled districts at all events, what with the conditional purchases of the selectors and the improvement and auction purchases of the squatter, the remaining country avail- able is of a very inferior description. Putting, therefore, the case as it is stated by the Herald—that the abolition of the interest charge is virtually a reduction in the price of the land—such a reduction would be fully warranted by the reduced value of the article to be sold. This fact is well known to all acquainted with the practical working of the Land Act, and it cau scarcely have escaped the observation of our contemporary, by whom, however, it is very carefully ignored. And the same evident desire to suppress many important but inconvenient circumstances is noticeable throughout the whole articlc in question. Take, for instance, the following paragraph :— "A cultivator of this soil who has to live by the labor of his hands does not want a large selec- tion, and a pastoral occupier who requires a large area for his flocks and herds must possess capital enough to afford to pay tbe full value of whatever portion of the public estate he wishes to convert into his own private property. To let him buy up a large area at less than the market price simply because his circumstances would enable him to fulfil the condition ot residence, is to give him an advantage over those who are not in such circumstances, and who constitute four-fifths of the whole community." In this passage we have an assumption that the agriculturist is the only person who ought to be permitted to select. Now whatever might have been the idea entertained sixteen years ago, it has long since been found out that a very small portion ohly of the area open for selection is suited to agriculture. But it has also been proyed that the grazing industry can be earned on profitably on a much smaller scale than that of the great pastoral leaseholds, and as the object of the selection system was to settle people on the lands, it is evidently a matter of no importance to the country whether the selector gains a living by growing wheat or by fattening cattle. It is true that it would have been better if the country had all been adapted for cultivation, as in that case a given area would have sup- ported a large number of persons. But we have to take the land as we find it, and if it be impossible to convert a station of 100,000 acres into one vast cornfield supporting 200 families of actual tillers of the soil, we may very well bo content to see the same area occupied by 100, or even a less number, of small graziers and their families, all getting a good living out of the laud which before supported probably no more than a dozen people. The Herald, however, argues that the grazier—other, of course, than the big squatter —has no right to select ; that to allow him to do so "simply because his circumstances enable him to reside" is unfair. Of a piece with this line of argument is all the rest of the article, the main purport of which is to the effect that the selection system generally from 1862 to 1878 has been nothing more nor less than a cover for dummyism and blackmailing. It is tolerably evident that the selectors have small reason to hope for any assistance at the hands of the leading journal of the colony; and it is equally certain that the Ministerial Land Bill will meet with all the opposition that can be brought to bear by the same influence. THE sitting of the Circuit Court during the past week passed off very quietly. The calendar was light, and there being no civil actions for trial the whole proceedings were brought to a close at an early hour on Tuesday. The cases, with one exception, were of an unimportant character. JOHN MORAN and JAMES WILSON, charged with stealing a quantity of clothing from a person named POTTS at Corowa, pleaded guilty, and were sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labor in Albury gaol. In the case of AH QUE and AH WAH, two Chinamen were changed with steal ing a large quantity of galvanised roofing-iron from the roof of a building at Corowa. AH QUE pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment with hard labor in Albury gaol. The other Chinaman pleaded not guilty. This case was not proceeded with, the jury, by his Honor's direction, returning a verdict of not guilty. WILLIAM WHITE, a young man who appeared to be considerably under twenty years of age, pleaded not guilty to an indictment charging him with assaultiug and robbing a Chinaman named AH TYE. The prosecutor in this case entered into a very long and circumstantial account of the alleged assault and robbeiy. He had, he said, met the prisoner at the house of Mr. GEORGE REID, farmer at Moorwatha, and shortly after leaving that place prisoner rode up to and overtook witness, knocked him down and robbed him. The story told by the Chinaman was clear, consecutive, and consistent, and assuming it to be true there could be no doubt of the prisoner's guilt. There was, however, one point in tbe narrative where the prosecutor was directly contradicted by one of the witnesses for the defence. The prosecutor stated that he had called at the store of Mrs. PETTIFORD in the early part of the day upon which the robbery took place, but not afterwards. Mrs. PETTIFORD, on the other hand, swore that he visited her store twice on the day named— first in the morning, and next in the evening after the time at which the assault was said to have occurred ; and that prosecutor never said a word about having been robbed. In the face of this contradiction the value of AH TYE'S testimony was necessarily much reduced, and it having been further proved that the prosecutor was not quite sober at the time referred to, and that he generally went by the name of "CRANKY JIMMY," the jury found prisoner not guilty. JAMES BERRY pleaded not guilty to an indictment chaining him with foiling and uttering a cheque for £26, purporting to be Bigned by one JOHN WHITTY. The evidence in this case fully established the feet that the cheque was a forgery, and that the prisoner had uttered it. There was nothing, however, to show that the prisoner was aware of the cheque being forged. On the contrary, the testimony went to prove that the prisoner behaved in a manner, not at all consonant with the presumption of guilty knowledge on his part. It appears that the cheque was passed by prisoner some ten years ago to Mr. MARTIN, of the Royal Hotel, Corowa. In answer to enquiries, he said he had received the cheque in payment for a horse, and he pointed out that if Mr. MARTIN had any doubts about the validity of the cheque—which was drawn on a bank at Wangaratta—he had only to tele- graph to Wangaratta to satisfy himself. After this, prisoner remained over a week in the town, without making any attempt at conceal- ment of his whereabouts. It was further elicited in evidence that at the time prisoner passed the cheque, signed "J. WHITTY," another man, since convicted, had been several forged cheques bearing a similar signa- ture. The jury returned a verdict of acquittal without leaving the box. In the case of THOMAS CALDER, chained with cheating at dice, the jury also acquitted the prisoner. The only capital offence tried at the Court was a charge of rape preferred against a young man named DENIS MADDEN. The prisoner was very ably defended by Mr. PURVES, assisted by Mr. COUTTS. The evidence of prosecutrix was very straightforward and conclusive, and the girl, though subjected to a very rigid cross- examination, did not depart from her original story. The counsel for the defence did not deny that the prisoner had had improper inter- course with the prosecutrix, but contended that it had been with the girl's consent. A part of the jury would appear to have been influenced by this line of reasoning, as the twelve were unable to agree upon a verdict, and were finally discharged. AT the City police court, Melbourne, a few days since, a rather notorious individual named HAROLD GREY was brought up under the Influx of Criminals Prevention Act, for being illegally at large in Victoria. Evidence was brought forward to show that GREY had only recently completed a sentence of imprisonment in New South Wales for a criminal offence, and on his pleading ignorance of the law which forbade his entering Victoria under such cir- cumstances, he was remanded for a week on his own recognizances, in order to allow him an opportunity of leaving the colony. Now without any desire to make a mountain out of a molehill, it may be said that the Victorian "powers that be" have acted in this matter in a rather high-handed way. Mr. GREY is certainly not a desirable colonist. An able man, he has prostituted his abilities in a very disgraceful manner; and lie has committed several offences against the criminal law. His case might therefore, at a first glance, be con- sidered one in which the Victorian Influx of Criminals Prevention Act could legitimately be brought to bear. It is manifestly fair that each colony should be compelled to find room for its own rubbish, and that no one of the group should be converted into a species of moral manure depot for the rest. The Vic- torians have taken precautions against such a contingency in their own case, and if New South Wales has been less careful— why so much the worse for New South Wales. But it so happens that the criminal career of GREY commenced in Victoria, and not so very long ago either. It will, we have no doubt, be in the recollection of our readers that some two years since this person was arrested in Albury and removed under warrant to Melbourne on a charge of forgery. On that charge ho was sentenced if we remember rightly to a year's imprisonment. Now the Act under which he has been arrested provides that no person convicted of a crime in any of the other colonies shall enter Victoria within the period of twelve months next ensuing after the expiration of his term of imprisonment. It follows therefore that if this law had been in force in all the other colonies as well as in Victoria, there would at this moment be actually no portion of Australian soil on which GREY could legally set his foot except Vic- toria. Under these oircumstanccs it is rather too bad that Victoria should take advantage of the law reforrod to for the purpose of forcing back upon our shores ono of her own criminal population. New South Wales has enough to do in disposing of her own garbago without having that of her neighbors coolly shot into her backyard. BETHANGA.—Money orders can now be obtained at the Bethanga post office. NEW MAGISTRATES.—During the recent sitting of the Circuit Court Messrs. M'Kee and Anstey were sworn in as magistrates by his Honor the Judge. WAHGUNYAH BRIDGE.—The tender of Thomas Corley has been accepted for the erection of a goods-shed at the Wahgunyah railway station, for the sum of £1210. ALBURY BOROUGH COUNCIL.—The ordinary meeting of this body, which should in the regular course have been held on Wednesday evening, lapsed for want of a quorum. STOCK PASSINGS.—The following are reported tor the week:—121 merino rams, from the flocks of Mr. .Ramsay, Narrow Plains, for Brown's Springs ; and 51 from the same station for Mr. M'Laurin, Yarra Yarra. DONATION TO THE HOSPITAL.—The treasurer of the Albury Hospital acknowledges the receipt of £1 5s., balance of proceeds of collections after the lectures of Mr. Walker at the Exchange Theatre, after deducting expenses. WOOL-CROSSINGS.—The following lots of wool have crossed the river for Melbourne since the date of our last issue :—Bullenbong, 105 bales ; Thugga, 6 bales j Tabletop, 14 bales; R. Rand, 59 bales ; Hallidav, 63 bales. THE ALBURY LAND OFFICE.—The progress of land selection shows yet no sign of falling off in the Albury district. The area taken up at the local land office during the three months ending 30th September, was 11,404a. 2r. 26p., making a total for the first nine months of the year of 40,609a. 0r. 6p. THE WEATHER.—During the week we have had a return of cold, wintry weather, with about the heaviest rainfall of the season. On Tuesday, at 9 a.m., theguage indicated 37 points; on Wednesday, 67 points ; on Thursday, 138 points; and yesterday morning 24 points, making a total for the week of 2.66 inches. CHANGES IN THE POST OFFICE.—During the week Mr. Keohan, who has for some years past held the office of assistant in the Albury Post Office, has been removed to Deniliquin. We are glad to bear witness to the uniform courtesy with which Mr. Keohan has always discharged the duties devolving upon him; and we are also glad to learn that the cnange is promotion for him. THE CIRCUIT COURT.—This Court was opened on Monday last by his Honor Sir William Manning. Mr. Simpson, a stranger in these districts, held the briefs for the Grown, and was instructed by Mr. Williams, of the Crown Solicitor's office. The other members of the bar present were Mr, F. Brown, Mr. Coutts, and Mr. Purves. The business was completed by midday on Tuesday. THE WELAREGANG TOWNSHIP.—In the Legis- lative Assembly, on Tuesday last, Mr. Day asked the reason of the delay that had taken place in connection with the sale of the Welaregang Reserve. Mr. Farnell said that ihe survey was only partly completed. Delay had arisen by the consideration of Mr. B. Gray's claim to purchase, in virtue of improvements, the site approved of for a village. It having been decided that the survey was to be carried out, as soon as it was received the allotments would be 6ent on for sale. THE STEEPLECHASER REDIRON.—The steeplechase horse lost for so many years by Mr. Kennedy, and which recently formed the subject of proceedings at the local Police Court, may be a very valuable animal, but he certainly appears to be uncertain in his temper. A few days since he was examined for purposes of identification by a person who had known him when a colt. The visitor, presuming perhaps on his long acquaintance, opened the horse's mouth to look at his teeth, when the animal made a most vicious grab at the face of his old friend, and actually succeeded in carrying away the greater part of the visitor's whiskers. THE DROWNED CHINAMEN.—Intelligence came to hand a few days ago to the effect that the bodies of four out of the six Chinamen drowned in the Ovens River have been recovered by the exertions of the police. It appears that on Sunday, Mr. Fisher, of Bowman s Forest, and two of his sons discovered one of the Chinamen's bodies close to the sunken boat, and the other three further down the river, at from a quarter of a mile to a mile from where the accidcnt happened. Owing to the height of the river they were unable to bring the bodies ashore, and therefore communicated with the police. The bodies were recovered on Monday, and an inquest has since been held on the remains. A HOLIDAY FOR THE POSTMAN.—Some five or six weeks since a memorial was drawn up to the postal authorities, and numercuHly signed by residents of the town, requesting that the letter-carrier might be allowed a few hours' rest once a week by omitting the afternoon delivery on Saturdays. The proposal was a reasonable one, inasmuch as the members of no department of the public service are called upon to work so many hours a day as the post-office officials ; and the letter-carrier in particular, besides taking his 6hare of the Sunday labor which all are called on to perform, has really hard work on every other day in the week. Up to the present date nothing has been heard of the memorial. ALBURY AND BORDER PASTORAL AND AGRI- CULTURAL SOCIETY.—The following letter, recently received by Mr. George Day, M.P., from the office of the Colonial Secretary, speaks for itself :—" Sir,—With reference to the letter forwarded by you iroin Mr. J. Walker Jones, Treasurer, and Mr. T. F. Waller, Secretary, of the Albury and Border Pastoral, Agricultural, and Horticultural Society, I am directed by the Colonial Secretary to inform vou that the Colonial Treasurer has been invited to have placed on Supplementary Estimates for 1878 a sum of £150, payable on condition that an equal amount be raised by private contributions towards the building ot new show yards for that Society.—1 have the honor, &c.;" THE LONG- LOST RACER.—At the local police court, on Saturday last, the Biinunons case of Kennedy v. Hoyste'd was dealt with. The plaintiff in this case desired to compel the defendant to show how he came possessed of the racehorse Rediron. Mr. Thorold appeared for Kennedy, and Mr. Emerson for Mr. Tompkins, who claims the horse as hiB. As the evidence of plaintiff showed that he had not had possession of the horse for a period of over twelvemonths, the Bench decided that the matter was not within the jurisdiction of the court, and the horse was accordingly ordered to be returned to Hoysted. INSOLVENCY MEETINGS.—A first and only meetiug in the estate of Robert Stratton was held before the District Commissioner on Tuesday last. Mr. Thorold appeared on b half of Mr. Emerson, for the insolvent. Called upon to account for his insolvency, insolvent attributed it to sickness in his family and pressure of creditors. The liabilities in the estate, according to the schedule, are £128 19s.; the assets, £19 13s.; deficiency, £109 6s. A first meeting in the estate of Geo. Ogle, of Albury, compositor, will be held at the Court-house on Tuesday, 5th November. A first meeting in the estate of Maurice Bush will be held in Sydney on Wednesday next, the 16th inst.; a second meeting will be held at Albury on Tuesday, the 22nd inst. PLEURO-PNEUMONIA. — Some of the back country, it would appear, is not in quite so healthy a condition as we had beeu led to believe. The Urana paper reports the existence of pleuropneumonia in that neighborhood. Our contemporary says :—We regret to report that this infectious disease is prevalent in this district. The reports of the inspectors which appear from time to time in the metropolitan papers that the district is perfectly healthy, and free from all infectious diseases, especially as regards cattle, are false and misleading. There is scarcely a week passes by but we hear of cattle dying from " pletiro," and still nothing is done to stamp out the malady, which is at present the cause of much anxiety and uneasiness amongst stockowners here. THE BEECHWORTH BANK EMBEZZLEMENTS. It will no doubt be remembered that about three years ago the manager of a Beechworth bank and his assistant were sentenced, the former to seven years' and the latter to four years' imprisonment for making false entries in connexion with the bank accounts. The assistant served the period according to the regulations of the penal department, and was discharged from Pentridge two months ago. In the case of the manager it was considered that the sentence wa6 severe. He had borne an excellent character during the many years he was connected with the bank, he was advanced in years, and there were other extenuating circumstances which induced bis friends to petition the Governor to grant a mitigation ot the sentence. The petition was complied with, and the ex-manager was liberated on Tuesday. COUNSEL THREATENED.—At the late sitting of the Circuit Court a rather unusual incident occurred. During the trial of Denis Madden on a charge of rape, Mr. Purves, who was defending the accused, said that he had been addressed in abusive language by a man who had just passed the table. The person in question was said to have called the learned counsel and the solicitor who instructed hiiu " b y dogs." It appeared that the man referred to was the father of the prosecutrix, who had applied the uncomplimentary term more particularly to the prisoners brother, who was sitting at the table. The expression was made use of just at the time when the prosecutrix was the subject of a very severe cross-examination, and his Honor said that under such circumstances some allowance mustbe made for the feelings of a father. The subject was then dropped. REFRESHMENT FOR TRAVELLERS.—The Railway Department's particularly absurd craze for enforcing the temporary adoption of a total abstinence regime on the part of all railway travellers is about to be overruled. A bill introduced by Mr. Copeland to provide for licensing railway refreshment rooms, empowers the Minister of Justice to issue yearly licenses on payment of the sum of £10 to the keepers of refreshment rooms approved by the Commissioner, these rooms not being nearer than thirty miles from any terminus, nor nearer than thirty miles to each other. Liquors are to be 6old fifteen minutes before and fifteen minutes alter the arrival of eacli passenger train, and at no other time. The Governor in Council inav make regulations ; and penalties, varying from £10 to £50, may be imposed for infringement of the Act or regulations. ALBURY POLICE COURT—At this Court, on Tuesday, a man named Zeppei, charged with drunkenness, was fined 5s., with the usual alternative. Thomas Bcazley, convicted of using obscene language, was fined 10s.; in default, 48 hours' imprisonment. Greschke v. Jameusli.— Plaintiff in this case applied to have the defendant bound over to keep the peace ; Mr. Curtis appeared in support of the application. Plaintiff gave evidence of serious threats made by the defendant, and pleaded bodily fear of defendant. For the defcuce, the charge of threatening the plaintiff was absolutely denied. The Bench, however, adjudged the charge substantiated, and ordered the defendant to be bound over to keep the peace for three months and to pay the costs. A mau named Thomas Gately was brought up on Thursday, under remand from Wagga Wogga, on a charge -of horse-6tealing. The prisoner was further remanded for eight days for the production of evidence. MOORWATHA PUBLIC SCHOOL.—We are glad to ' learn that the efforts of the residents of Moor-1 watha to secure the erection of a building suitable for school purposes have at length been successful. For a long time past school has been held in a building kindly lent for the purpose by Mrs. Joseph Lester, but of late the necessity for having a regular school building has become so evident that a few of the leading residents determined to wait no longer. A subscription list was opened and contributions came in very freely, some persons giving cash and others giving labor. Amongst the latter, we understand that Messrs. M'Intosh, Richards, and Gale contributed several weeks' work to the building ; the two lastnanied, indeed, are considered to have thus given value lully to the extant of £50. The school-house is a neat weatherboard structure, with brick ends and a thatched roof; nicely finished with a boarded floor, windows, &c.; The school was opened on Monday last with 29 pupils, but this number is likely before long to be largely increased. Mrs. Manning, the teacher, has already been settled some time in the neighborhood, and was teaching in the old building used before the present structure was erected. She enjoys the thorough confidence of parents and children, and the success that has attended her teaching has already attracted the favorable notice of the Government Inspector ot Schools. ANOTHER BIG EGG.—A correspondent at Germanton says :—" A rather curious freak of nature was seen near Germanton in the shape of a turkey egg with two more eggs within it. Under the yolk, at the small end, was found another egg, and within that a third, but the two inner eggs were without the yolk, and had a thick harsh skin bordering on a shell. The egg was a large one—10| inches in circumference lengthways, and round." SALES OF STOCK.—Mr. A. M'Cleery reports the sale by auction, at his yards, Chiltern, on Wednes- day last of 25 store bullocks at £4 3s. 6d. per head ; fat cows at £4 9s. 6d.; cows and calves up to £4 12s. 6d.; three-year-old steers at £3 lis. ; and horses up to £10. SANDY CREEK.—A correspondent writes :— " A few months since there was considerable excitement with reference to the discovery of several quartz reefs, and a rush on a small scale took place. Unfortunately, the greater part of the reefs did not near pay expenses, and the consequence was that most of them were abandoned, and a reaction set in which left the place in almost as desolate a condition as it had been in before the rush. A few, however, who had faith in the place, or in their claims, held on, and I am glad to be able to report that their energy and perseverance are likely to be rewarded as" they deserve. A good many of the deserters too have returned, and altogether the prospects of the place are decidedly improving." Iu confirmation of our correspondent's statement, we extract the tollowing from the Beechworth paper :—" There have been a few more alluvial claims opened lately, and in every respect I think our prospects are brightening. For a company with capital I do not know in the whole district of a better opening than in the lower part of the creek. It was worked some ten or twelve years ago, and paid what was rhen considered very good wages, but was abandoned, as the party working it were flooded out, and had not sufficient capital to start again. As there is a large area of country, I am under the impression that in these days, when goldfields are limited, it would pay some rich mining men to give it a trial. It may be said, why do we not open it ourselves. I can only say in reply that there are no moneyed men in Sandy Creek ; if there were, it would have been long since opened." MR. BRUCE AND THE SHEEPOWNERS.—A meeting of the Board of Sheep Directors for the Young district was held a few days since for the purpose of discussing the proposed system of earmarking sheep. Mr. Bruce, Chief Inspector of Stock, was present. The chairman having read the notice convening the meeting, several letters were read from sheepowners iu the district expressing disapproval of Mr. Bruce's plan. The chairman said everybody knew the present system was no protection against sheep-stealing, and if the proposed plan were an amendment of it, they should all put their shoulders to the wheel and carry it through. It was quite possible there might be many persons to object to the proposed system who could not see its benefit just now ; and it was quite possible it might be more easily carried out than persons at present thought. In his opinion it should be tried. He would call on Mr. Bruce to explain the system. Mr. Bruce said the objects proposed by the system he suggested were three. One was to stop tipping, which was only a modified form of cropping ; another was to stop the use of a mark that would cut another man out; and the third was to provide that within a certain radius no two sheepowners would have the same mark. The regulation in the Act by which it was proposed to effect that was by getting the inspector m each district to make a plan of the district, indicating the several runs upon it, and putting in their proper positions the marks he would allot to the respective owners. The inspector should then submit these to the directors, to see if the marks were such as would prevent confusion. Neighbors would know their sheep by the position of the marks on the allotment. As to the size of the mark that would be regulated after the first year; and it would have to be made by pliers of certain sizes. All were agreed that the tips should be prohibited as marks. Mr. Campbell said iu some respects lie approved of earmarks, but what all wished to arrive at was to obtain some Government brand that would be proof of ownership. He did not see how these numerous marks could lead to proof of that kind. He (the speaker) had a plan which he had suggested iu the public prints. He would introduce the system of tattooing. He would move—" That iu the opinion of this meeting the pro forma scheme of allotting earmarks in this district is undesirable." Mr. Mackay seconded the resolu-, tion. Mr. Bruce moved as an amendment— " That this meeting, having heard the explanation offered by Mr. Bruce and considered the regulations issued with respect to earmarking sheep, resolves :—First, that tips should be prohibited as earmarks; secondly, that all marks should be made of a certain regulated size; thirdly, that no two owners in the same district should have the same mark ; and if that be not practicable, that no two owners residing within 40 miles of each other should have the same earmarks." Mr. Caldwell seconded the amendment. Mr. Bruce said they had the whole year to look into the question. He went with Mr. Campbell so far as to say that his system might be better in practice than his own, for there were many advantages it possessed that, combined with a proper system of marks, would make the branaing and marking of sheep twice as good as the branding of cattle. If, however, his system were practicable and carried out, his marks would identify the district to which the sheep belonged, and the system would make the marks good for the whole colony. Tnere should be an alteration of the law to enable tattooing to be a brand, but be thought they could not do without earmarks. Mr. Campbell said after hearing the views of Mr. Bruce, he would withdraw his resolution. After some further discussion the propositions of Mr. Bruce were put to the meeting and carried by 11 to 1. The following resolutions were also carried, and the meeting closed :—" That it is desirable that owners of sheep be allowed to use registered tattoo earmarks in addition to the registered firebrand." " That in order to assist sheepowners in detecting evasions of the law by drovers, every inspector be instructed to furnish on the application of any sheepowner a certified copy of any eriuit issued by such Inspector, a tee, to be fixed Ey Government, to be charged for 6uch certified copy, and such f ee to be for the 6ole use of the Inspector." ALBURY SMALL DEBTS' COURT,—The usual monthly sitting of this Court was held on Tuesday last, before Captain Brownrigg, P.M., and Messrs. Kirkpatrick, J. Day, M'Kee, and Mudge, J.'sP. The following cases were dealt with :— Duncan v. Shane, this was a claim for £5 5s. for medical attendance ; Mr. Thorold appeared for the plaintiff ; order for amount claimed and costs. A. E. Heath v. William Healey, claim for £6 Os. 8d., goods sold and delivered ; a verdict was given for £5 4s. 8d.. to be paid by instalments. James Butler v. Crawford and Co., claim for £9 15s. for wages ; Mr. Curtis for the plaintiff; the sum of £1 had been paid into Court as satisfaction of the claim, and a v. rdict was given for that amount. Christoph Hille v. Matthew Bennett, claim for £2 5s. 9d. for goods sold and delivered ; verdict for amount claimed and costs. Christoph Hille v. Andrew Smith, claim for £1 10s., goods sold and delivered ; plaintiff in this case was nonsuited. J. H. Kirkpatrick v. J. W. Millson, claim for £3 Is. 9d., goods sold and delivered ; verdict for plaintiff for £2 and costs. [Mr. Kirkpatrick left the Bench whilst this case was being dealt with.] Duncan v. Robertson, claim for £5 5s. for medical attendance ; Mr. Thorold for plaintiff; verdict for amount claimed, with costs. Same v. Curran, claim for £6 for medical attendance ; order for amount claimed and costs. W. H. Dexter v. Theodore Veen, claim for £7 10s. for goods sold and delivered ; Mr. Thorold for plaintiff, Mr. Curtis for defendant; verdict for plaintiff in full amount, with costs. J. R. Bradford v. R. Costen, claim lor £l for goods sold and delivered ; verdict for plaintiff. Easterby and Co. v. C. Watson, claim for £4 10s. 3d. for goods sold and delivered; Mr. Curtis for plaintiff; order for amount claimed. P. E. Fallon v. William Healey, claim for £11 Is. 1 Id. for goods sold and delivered ; Mr. Curtis for plaintiff; order for amount claimed and costs. This concluded the list. ' CORONER'S INQUEST.—An inquest was held on Wednesday last by Captain Brownrigg, District Coroner, on the body of Joseph Zeller, who died suddenly on the morning of the same day. The following jurors were sworn :—Win. Tregoning, Geo. Adams, Henry Giles, Peter Muller, Joseph Adams, Robert Dickson, Geo. Schroeder. The following evidence was taken :—Elizabeth Zeller deposed : I am wife of the deceased ; deceased was 48 years of age ; he was a native of Baden, and had been 26 years in the colony; we had been 18 years married ; we have no children ; the deceased was away yesterday afternoon for a little, but he returned before dusk and ate a very hearty meal at tea-time ; he had been drinking a little, but he was not drunk ; there was no one on the premises last night but himself and me ; he went to bed about 8 o'clock ; I went to bed about half-past 9 ; deceased slept very well all ntght; he got up this morning a little before seven ; he said he did not feel very well; he wanted to see a man named Lynch, who was working for him ; he made no particular complaint as to what ailed bini; he had been suffering from a cough every morning ; about 12 months ago he dropped down in the yard in a fit; on that occasion I sent for Dr. Ryan ; that was the only time he ever had a fit, but he often had fits of shivering; this morning I got up soon alter he did ; wheu I came to the door I saw him lying down on his face in the yard ; the limbs were extended quite straight; I turned him over on his back and shook him, but there were no signs of life ; I cried out for my mother, who lives next door; she came down'; there is nothing in the house the taking of which could have injured the deceased ; we always lived happily together ; deceased used sometimes to drink to excess; he has drunk heavily for some years; that was the only cause of any difference between us. Wm. Lynch deposed : I have been in the employ of deceased for the last ten days; I saw him last alive on Monday evening ; he was then leaving this house; at half-past 7 this morning I heard Mrs. Zeller screaming out; I was at work in the vineyard ; I came down to see what was the matter, and I saw deceased lying in the yard ; he was lying partly ou his face, and I turped him over ; the limbs were not stiff: I tried to feelthe pulse, and J! thought that it had not ceafiedbeating; a doctor was sent for; I helped to remove the'body to the place whew it now Hes; before this I tried to restore animation. Charles Frauenfelder deposed: I knew the deceased and lived near him ; I was speaking to him yesterday evening { he mhde no complaint of being ill; be was a little under tininfluence of drink. Dr. Andrews deposed : I mn a legally qualified medical practitioner, and Government medical officer for the Albury district; I have examined the body of deceased ; there nix; no marks ot violence ; having heard the evidence I can give no reason as the cause of death ; from external examination I see 110 occasion to doubt that death was from natural causes. This concluded the evidence. The jury found that the death was from a natural cause. ROUGH ON BIIILIARD-PLAYISG.—There was once an old lady who very firmly denounced all sports and pastimes usually indulged in by yonng people. She regaided cricket as a snare of the evil one ; she looked upon a billiard-room as the autechamber of Satan ; and all relaxations were in fact set down as special devices of the Devil. There was only one reservation made by this ancient dame, and that was in favor of wli.it she was pleased to term " tlie manly and athletic game of cribbage." We hud thought this old party Was dead, but she is not. She has taken to journalism, and slill pours forth her peculiar opinions for the benefit of an admiring world. As a sample of her style we extract the following from a recent article in the columns of a contenipory:—"The difference .between a young man who has a passion for books and a young man who has a passion for billiards is a difference in intellectual and moral and even mercantile capacity which affects good citizenship at every point and creates the immutable distinction be- tween sport aud work, between stability and uusettledncss, between virtue and vice ! People may call it relaxation to handle the cue, aud invest stray shillings in sensuous excitement ; but it must be borne in mind that the lines are very laint iudeed which separate relaxation from dissipation and sensuousness from downright sensuality. The Pyms, the Hampdens, and the Crom wells did liot. light the vestal-fire* of their genius at the unhallowed altars of a fashionable, social relaxation ; and we m:iy look in vain for their successors rmongst a class that finds its only source of recreation and enjoyment in the voluptuous satisfaction of the senses." AIUJOOS.—The regular monthly meeting of the Argoon and Ivulki Selectors' Association was held on the 2Stb nit., at the Argoon Hotel, ilr. John Ross (President) in the chair. By some mischance our usual report of the proceedings has not come to hand. AVe gather the following particulars, however, from the Gar.dk :—" After the minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed, Mr. Sparks stated that the committee appointed to examine and report at this meeting on the most eligible site for a school, had, lor various reasons, failed to take any action. He had requested the other gentlemen to attend to the instructions from the meeting, but they were unable to do Mr. Walker thereupon proposed that a building be erected near the northwest comer oi portion No. 'to, parish of Yank to be used as a school, place of worship, and general meeting-room, and that application be at once made to tlie Minister for Lands for a grant of 20 acres from that portion. This was seconded by Mr. Thompson and carried. Mr. Walker stated that lie would lie willing to cart the posts required to fence iu the portion of land when granted. The Secretary reported that the petitions adopted at a previous meeting, praying for a bi-weekly mail between Jerilderie and Darlington Point, and for the excavation of two tanks on the road to Deniliquin, bad been duly forwarded to the heads of the respective Departments. The President reported that, in accordance with the resolutions of last meeting, a picnic bad been held on Friday, 13th September, with a ball in the evening, both of wbicli were numerouslv attended, and passed off successfully. A considerable amount of discussion then took place respecting the said celebration, which was joined in bv Messrs. Sparks, Walker, Jackson, Daniels, Thompson, and the President, when various matters were explained, and 'information elicited to the satisfaction of those requesting it, after which Mr. Underwood presented his account which was passed lor payment, and the meeting closed." PETTY THEFT*.—A short time ngo a large sledge-hammer was stolen from the jettv site 011 the lagoon in the Wodonga Park, and on Tuesday night last an iron rowlock was taken off the boat " Eve." It required a screw- driver and a screwwrench to remove it, so the person must have gone prepared. Information lias been given to the police. DEATH OF MK. II. B. LANK.—We regret to learn from a paper published in the Western district of Victoria the death of Mr. H. B. Lane, for many years police magistrate and gold commissioner in the Ovens district,. Mr. Line latterly resided at Farnham, near Denningtou, and for about a fortnight was confined to the house by an attack of bilious fever, which assumed a typhoid form and brought 011 congestion of the brain. Under this he speedily sank, and breathed his last on the 30th ult, medical aid having proved unavailing. Our contemporary, in noticing his death, adds—"The loss of Air. Lane will be deeply regretted in this district, where he was very popular, both from his social qualities and from his character as a magistrate," QUESTIONS IN PARLIAMENT.—A Sydney correspondent favors us with a copy of a series of questions asked in the Legislative Assembly 011 Friday, the 4th insfc., by Mr. G. Day. Neither the questions nor the replies have been published in the Sydney journals. Welaregang Reserve :— Mr. Day asked the Secretary lor Landfe',—(I.) Has aujp decision been arrived at-by the Govern' merit'with reference to the disputed Welaregang Reserve; Iftliel^jfevoked ? (2.) Has Mr; Gray, the lessee of the Welaregang Run, been allowed to purchase the said revoked reserve by virtue of improvements ?' (3.) Is he aware that the persons who selected this reserve' Under the 18th section of the Land Act have been waiting patiently for a long time for the Minister's decision, and Unit the delav in not deciding the case is abso utoly ruinous to tbem! (4.) Did Mr. M'Plnlhuny value the improvements on this reserve at 20s. per acre ; if not, what value did he put upon them t Mr. F a r n e l l answered,-<1.) The matter has not yet been wholly dealt with. (2.) (Mr. Grav has not as yet been permitted to purchase anv part of the reserve, but the Government has contracted to allow him to purchase four uorUons in virtue of improvements, which are considered 0! sufficient value to justify the alienation of tiie land. (3.) No lime shall be lost in dealing with these matters on the information now to hand. (4.) Mr. M'Phillatnv did value tlie improvements effected on the portions applied for by Mr. Gray, but the price was considerably below 20s. per acre. They are as follows :—Onportiou 122 of 314 acres, £173 4s.; portion 124 of 256 acres 3 roods, £ 158 7s.; portion 125 of 226 acres, £101 10s.; portion 123 of 329 acres, £200 4s. Mr. Edward Hawkins s land purchase at Tuuibarumba Mr. Day asked the Secretary for Lands,—(1.) Is is true that Mr. Edward Hawkins purchased a piece of land at Tuiubaruuiba, in the county of Selwvn, on the 29th October, 1873, nearly five years ago, and that repeated applications have been made for the deeds of the said land, but without effect! (2.) Will he state whether the Government ever intend to issue the deeds of the land ; if so, when ? Mr. Faniell answered,—(1.) On the 29th October, 1873, a Mr. Edward John Haywood Hawkins purchased a portion of land at Tuuibarumba at a Government sale, but owing to the balance of the purchase money not having been lodged in the Treasury within the time a])]jointed by law the purchase was forfeited. (2.) It was some time afterwards ascertained that the balance in question had been dulv paid to the Crown Lauds Agent, but that he had failed to transmit the amount to the Treasury. It has therefore been necessary, after reference to the Crown Law Officers, to obtain the authority of the Governor and the Executive Council for the preparation of a .Iced of grant for the land in question, which has' unavoidably caused great delay ; but the deed is now in the course of preparation. The cuse of Patrick Nugent:—Mr. Day asked the •Secretary for Lands,—(1.) Is it the intention of the Government to carry out the recommendation of the Select Committee ef this House in the case of Mr. Patrick Nugent, who was deprived of his conditional purchase I (2.) Will he state what action (if auv) tlie Government intend to take in this case ? Mr. Farnell answered,—It is the intention of the Government to place a sum of money on the Estimates for 1879 for compensation to Nugeut. Beazley's conditional purchase nt, Albury—Mr. Day asked the Secretary for Lands, —(I.)" Has any action been taken by the Government far the settlement of Bi-azley's case, conditional purchase 70,263 of 320 acres, Albury Land Office ? (2.) How many acres has the lessee Jul the run been allowed to purchase out or this conditional purchase by virtue of improvements ! (3.) What was Mr. M'Phillniny's valuation of the improvements on this conditional purchase ! Mr. Farnell answered,—(.1.) The validity ol the selection depending upon the improvements upon o, the laud at the date of application, an appraisement was made, pursuant to which it has been decided that Thomas Beazley is entitled to the land applied for by him, with the exception of so much as can be measnred to embrace not less than £40 worth of improvements at £1 per acre. Mr. M'Phillniny was instructed to examine aud report upon this point as to which the appraisement was not conclusive. (2.) Not any. (3.) Mr. M'Phillaniy's report has not yet been received. BEECHWOHTH CIRCUIT COCRT.—This court was opened 011 Wednesday last by his Honor Sir Lt><1 mond Barry. The following cases were disposed of;—Ellen Kelly, William Williamson, and William Skillion, charged with wounding with intent to murder constable Fitzpatrick, were defended by Mr. Bowman. The prisoners were all found guilty and remanded for sentence, Einile Villars was charged with horse-stealing at Beecbworih. This prisoner was also found guilty, and remanded for sentence. John Thomas was charged with attempt to murder George Lilias. The prisoner was acquitted. On Thursday, the prisoners Baumgartcn and Kennedy, charged witn horse- Stealing, were found guilty and remanded for Sentence. 1 THE LATE MR. W. S. CHAUNCY.—Many resi dents of Alburv and Wodonga will be interested in the following extract from aGoulburn content' porary with reference to a gentleman at one time stationed in this district, -where he was generally and deservedly respected :—The ceremony of unveiling the monument erected to the memory of the late Mr. Chauncy, superintendent of roads 111 this district, by the officers, contractors, and workmen employed under him, took place on Monday afternoon. * The monument is placed in the Church of England cemetery, and was erected by Mr. W. Duncan. It is a 6tone column about 15 feet high, and tapers upwards to a point. It is built of Wingello stone, and though plain in appearance, is neat. Around the grave are eight stone piljars ubolit three feet high, to the top of which are attached chains, which enclose the grave. The following is the inscription on the mouunient :— In Memory of WlfcMAM SNF.IX ClIAl'NCV, Civil Engineer mid Itond Superintendent, who departed this life July 3rd, 1818, Aped 5" years. Tills monument wis crocted by the officers, contractors, and workmen employed under lilm, I11 token of their respect for the r.calouK, Indefatigable, nnd efficient manner ill which lie disehnr^cd the onerous duties of Ills office. About 3 o'clock, Mr. W; Davies, M.P., who had heen requested to unveil the monument, arrived on the ground. There were also present Mr. W. A. Woods, engineer for roads, Mr. G. P. llodd, who was assistant to the late Mr. Chauncy, and a number of contractors and workmen ; in all about forty persons. Mr. Davies said that when requested to perform the duly'he did uot-hesi* State to at once comply, as their departed friend was a man so well and favorably known. He had n knowledge of Mr. Chauncy's character for a long time, and he agreed with the manner in which they were honoring Ins memory, nnd he was only doing au oot of friendship iu acceptiug the dutv he had just performed. Mr. Chauncv's character had been such aa to secure the respect aud esteem ol all who had conip into contact with him. He was one who did his life's work well, and he was untiring in his efforts to get all that was possible to be done for the welfare of the district well and faithfully performed. Those who were at all acquainted with the bad state of our roads before Mr. Chauncy took charge, must now admit that their present condition was largely owing to his exertions. Even when in ill- health he did his work in an efficient manner. Though he did a good deal of hard work himself, there was that in Mr. Chauncy's career that he could take a practical lesson from. He had formed his opinion ot Mr. Chauncy not only from his personal knowledge, but had ascertained from the department under which he had been engaged that lie was a most able and energetic officer. A tablet had been placed on the bridge erected at Rossi's crossing under his management. The work at this place had been well carried out, as well as many others in various parts of the district. He thought the best and most enduring monument that a man couldleave behind him was the fact that he had satisfactorily discharged hise very-day duty; and this was certainly the case of Mr. Chauncy so far as he knew him. He had faithfully performed the work entrusted to him, and well earned his emoluments. He trusted that they would all, young and old, take example by their departed friend, aud by a steady and persistent industry secure the friendship and respect of those around them. He hoped that the son of their departed friend, who was also there to thank them, would so shape his life that when he was gone he might leave a character behind as good as that of his late father. He had unveiled the mouuineut to the view of the public, and it reflected great credit on those who had erected iL It was not often that they found people who could so act that they gained the respect or all those who were under them ; aud this was the testimony that the late Mr. Chauncy's conduct had called forth, aud the memorial that day displayed to view was a proof that he had been a faithful and just public servant, commanding not only the respect of his snperiors, but of every man under him. Mr. Chauncy, son of the deceased, who appeared to be much affected, said he was deeply grateful for this tribute of respect paid to his lamented father. In his own and his mother's name he heartily thanked I heui for what they had so generously done. They must not expect hiux to say much as he felt unequal to it; but he would say that he feltproud to be the son of such a father, This brought the proceedings to a close. Mn. TERRY'S BILL.—Mr. Terry's Bill to amend the law relating to summary proceedings before magistrates provides that after the determination by Justices of any information which they have power to deal with 111 a summary way, any party' to the proceeding feeling dissatisfied with such determination as being erroneous in point of law, may apply in writing within thirty davs to the Justices to state and 6ign a case setting forth the facts nnd the grounds of such determination Tor the opinion of the Supreme Court. The appellant shall transmit the same to the Supreme Court, and give notice in writing to the other side of his intention to appe.il, and f urnish them with a copy of the case stated. The appellant must enter into a recognizance before some J ustice in double the amount ol the money penalty, or, in the absence of a money penalty, in the sum of £20, as an earnest of his intention to prosecute the appeal without delay. Justices may refuse merely frivo- applications, but in the event of their refusal -lous the Supreme Court, or any Judge thereof, can upon affidavit »f the facts for a rule compel the Justices to state the case, and the respondent to show cause why the case should not be stated. No Justice who shall state a case in pursuance of this Act shall be liable to any costs liy reason of such appeal, and where the appellant is successful the costs arc not to exceed j£20. After the decision of the Supreme Court upon any case, the Justices may enforce the conviction which the Court has affirmed or amended. No writ of certiorari is to be necessary for the removal of any conviction in relation to which a case is stated under the Act. The application to the Supreme Court is to waive appeals to Quarter Sessions. DENTISTRY.—On Wednesday next Mr. DeSaxc will pay his usual visit to Albury. Mr. George Hall will also pay a visit to Albury on Thursday, the 17th, when tlie may be consulted at the Royal Hotel. STOCK REPORT.—Messrs. John G. Dougharty and Co. report as follows of their sale held in Melbourne 011 Wednesday last:—Fat Cattle.— 1277 entered for this week's sales. Over 7<I0 were from Gippslaud, 284 from Queensland, 54 from New South Wales, the bal nice from near Melbourne, We sold—53 bullocks for Messrs. Wilson ami Dougharty, from their Barhamstation, to £11, averaging £9 17s. 6d. 30 do, for Mr. Donaldson, from Hughes Creek, to £7 12s. fid. Fat Sheep.—12,504 yarded, consisting of about one-fourth crossbreds. The merinos were chieflv from Riverina, and about half were shorn. We sold—1502 6horn merino wethers for Messrs. .G. A. and P. Mein, from their Moolpa Estate, to 10s., and at the highest average of the season by aboui Is. 61. per head. Store Stock.—Cattle are in good demand in Victoria, and sell in Melbourne yards snl ject to considerable competition. Good bullocks, to £5 10s.; steers, to ^3 10s.; cows, to 50s. Sheep are in strongest demand in Riverina, and we have placed several drafts under offer to stock northern territory. HA.URINGTON'8 SiaucTroN.—In fiie Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday, under cover of a motion for adjournment, several matters in connection with the working of the Land law were referred to. Mr. Day said it must be in the recollection of hon. members that the Yanko Reserve pas thrown open for purchase on a certain date ; and also that time was taken bv the Government to have every portion of the land examined and mjippe^ «o tbpt there might be 110 mistake when it was thrown open for selection. But throwing open a large portion of the reserve 011 Tuesday gave those having volunteer laud orders an opportunity to ,cgme in aud select by virtue of the land orders., The lessees, like anybody else would db, went and took up portion's of land adjoining the frootage of the Yanko Greek. They did not, however, take up portions of laud adjoining each other, but they left little pieces like the spaces between the teeth of a rake, and the selectors went in and selected these intermediate pieces. They were under the impression, of course, that they would get the land, but the result was that the surveyors thought it prudent to ran a fivechain road through the selections and thereby cut them off from the creek, leaving one-half on one side and another halt on the other. The Case of Harrington was similar. When the road was'teut through the selection he was told that he Could not have the side next the creek, but must confine himself to the land on the other side. He believed Mr. Robertson had entered an action against Harrington, claiming j£l000 damages for occupying the land. The Minister would be justified in allowing the selector to oceupy the land running down to the creek. lie was Mlv assured that although the land was taken up by the squatters on Volunteer land orders, and that the applications defined the boundaries, yet when the surveyors came to measure they did not adhere strictly to the descriptions, but in some cases deviated at the starting point as much as 200 yards. [The hon. member read a letter from a correspondent describing the capacity of the country for agricultural purposes.] It was never contemplated by the Crown Land6 Act that Crown lessees should hunt people in the way that had been done ; and he believed that if the Minister for Lands were to inquire into these cases he would allow the selectors to take the land 011 each side of the road. It sefemed to him from the way in which the land was measured, that the free selectors were in league with the s< I natters to hunt, the selectors out of the country. They were being hunted out of the country by these-actions at law ; for the squatters, not content with a trial in the petty courts, carried their cases to the Supreme Court aud even to the Privy Council. It was impossible for a poor man to fight them, for even if he won lie would be money out of pocket. Thev were, therefore, compelled to compromise with the squatter and 6ell out altogether, and they were doing that every day of the week. Mr. Farnell replied. The hon. gentleman had said Harrington's case was a hard one. Well, if it was, he had made it as easy as possible. There wis an improvement purchase running through Harrington's fence. Mr. Garrett decided that Mr. Robertson should purchase in right of that improvement He decided, however, that that gentleman could not do 60, because the improvement could not be measured by the survey regulations. Therefore he cancelled the improvement purchase, and gave Harrington more than he had before! The cancellation left Harrington and others all the land they were entitled to on the north side of the road. The hon. member for the Hume said he ought to interfere, but the fact was that he had interfered in the cise months ago. [Mr. Day : The man was ruined.] His decision did not ruin him, but the former decision gave the man no laud at all. He must say he never promised to bring in a bill dealing with reserves. In the Land Bill there were provisions for dealing with the question effectively as to mapping out reserves, and to persons improving them while they were under lease. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the new advertisements in the present issue :—Messrs. Downie Bros, call attention to their large new stock of drapery and general merchandise. Shearing commences atTooma on 5th November. Mr. Steel will sell this day, at the Cosmopolitan Mart, a splendid draught horse, dray, and harness. Messrs. Munro and Co. offer for Bale a crushing plant at Bethanga. Races will be held at the Farmers' Home Hotel, Eight Mile, on 9th November, and at Miller's Hotel, Germanton, on the same day. Messrs. Downie Bros, have been appointed agents for the sale of Greer and Co.'s wines. Messrs, .Patterson and Co., of Dixon's Swamp, are prepared to supply stringy-bark sawn timber at reasonable rates. The anniversary of the Independent Church will be celebrated on the 5th November^ The Forresters anniversary ball at Germanton will be held 011 Friday, 1st November. A sale of horses will be held at Wodonga on Tuesday by Mr, E. A. Hope. The Bungowatmah concert has been postponed till Thursday evening next. Mr. North has a 260-acrc selection for sale ; he is also prepared to arrange for the run of 100 cattle 011 some choice land at the Yanko. The Wesleyan concert at Wodonga takes place on Monday next. Sports will be held at the Gerogerv Inn oil 19th October. A meeting of the Towong Turf Club will be held on Wednesday next. All persons trespassing in Mr. Heriot's paddocks, Thnggn, will be prosecuted. Mr. R. King, Morven, offers for sale a team of four heavy hom>B, with waggtm. The Royal Hotel, Wnngarattn, will be sold: by auction, 011 the premises, 011 Friday next. Mr, W. C. Steel will sell at an early date the property known as Rau's vineyard. The annual festival will be held at Chiltern on the Prince of Wales' Birthday. Mr. B. Oulley will hold a sale at Ursna onTuesdav, 22nd inst., of nil the effects in the estate of Mr. F. Gresley, deceased. All persons having claims against the estate of Arnold, Gresly aud Co., must forward statements of their claims to Mv. M. Nolan, administrator to the estate,-- rnOI/rBRATION OF FOOD AND t>RTNK.—The r ilowinc are the principal clauaeB in the bill Tich has been framed by Sir Alfred Stephen to event the adulteration of articles of food or fink aud which is now before the Legislative rounoil:—" Every person who shall for purpose f sale mix or cause or permit to be mixed any "ncredieiit or material with any article of food or Irink or shall color any such articlc, or cause or (Permit the , i" any such aseto render a a m such e t 0 b article e c o i o r u ( 1 injurious 6 0 a s to health— ^Irwbo shall, tor purposes of sale, mix or cause or nermit the same to lie mixed, any ingredient or material with any drug, or shall color any such dr«c or cause or permit the same to be colored, to as to affect injuriously the quality or potency of such drug—shall, for the first offence, be liable to a penalty not exceeding .£50, and in case of any subsequent offence shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and be liable to imprisonment, with or without hard, labor, for a term not exceeding six months. Every person who shall, tor purposes of sale, mix, or "cause, or permit to he mixed, any ingredient or material with any drug or article of food or drink in order thereby fraudulently to increase its weight, bulk, or measure, or to conceal its inferior quality, or who shall to the prejudice of tbe purchaser sell any drug or article of food or drink mixed with any ingredient or material whereby the weight, bulk, or measure of such drug or article has been increased, or its inferior quality concealed, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, aud for any subsequent offence to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds." Like penalties are prescribed against the vendors of such adulterated articles ; excepting where the sale is made in ignorance, and where the vendor could not with reasonable diligence 'have obtained the knowledge that the articles sold by him were adulterated. THE MYSTERIES OF THE LAND COURTS.—At a land court of inquiry, held before the Commissioner, Mr. Sydney Blytbe, at Annidale, 011 18th September, the following amusing facts were brought out in evidehce, which, to a thinking mind, must suggest many things in reference to the administration of the present laud laws :— The inspector of conditional purchases reported that he had visited a selection on 13th June last, and, found it fully improved and resided on by the selector, his wife, and family. This same selector deposed that he had never resided on the selection, aud was not married at the date mentioned j and, further, that he was not improving the selection, aud had given the Government notice of abandonment in Apri! last, just two months before the supposed visit of the iuspector. THE LATEST FROM NEW GUINEA.—A Cooktown telegram, dated Monday, says :—Mr. Hanran has received the following important items of news by the Prospect from New Guinea :— Eight of the original prospectors returned.to the port, and alter Hanran left a party was made up to prospect the river which they kuew drained the western walls of some main range and emptied itself into Redscar Bay. The new pioueers consisted of six from tbe Colonist party, aud aided by Jones and nine of the Emily party. After crossing the Laloki River, they went up the left bank of the Goldie River for five miles. They then cmue upon a very rough and. scrubby country, through which they cut a track for over two miles, but found it impracticable to take the horses through, there being no grass. After about 20 miles had been traversed a new river was discovered, which they named the Brown lliver, after the name of Mr. Brown, of the Colonist party. The company camped 011 the banks of the river, and prospected its banks for miles, without discovering any gold. Mr. Peter Brown was drowned on the 21th of August, while fording the river. The party searched everywhere in the bush, not knowing he was drowned, without finding the body till next morning, when while they were at breakfast the body floated past them, and it was afterwards recovered on the bank of the river which now bears his name. Mr. Browne, one of the Emily party, nearly lost his life bv incautiously wandering away about five miles from the party. He met a large tribe of natives who disarmed him, but they only wanted to detain him as was their custom. He, however, attempted to getjaway and they tried to stop hiin. Brown fired amongst them which they avenged with spears, one of which struck him, and he now lies at the Cooktown Hospital. Small parties are still prospecting the Goldie river, having after following it for 50 miles discovered a tributary running into it from the north-east. Strong colors were obtained from the sides of the branch river, one man finding a Mwt. piece. Some of the parties are preparing to"follow it up. SERIOUS ACCIDENT ON THE GARONKE.—A very serious accident occurred last Saturday, on board the steamship Garonne, just when she was about to steaiu down the harbor on her voyage to London. As soon as steam was got up one of the discharge valves in one of the cylinders would not work. Three men were immediately set to work to fix it and put it in working order. Tiiey bad no sooner righted the defective valve, when it opened and sent forth a large volume of 6teani that completely enveloped the three men and severely scalded them. The three men, whose names are John Rutter, John Caldenvood and William Clark, were immediately brought ashore and conveyed to the Infirmary. At noon on Monday two of the three men were in aprecarious condition, The chief engineer was also badly scalded, hut as his injuries were not of a dangerous character he remains on board the steamer. As soon as three men were obtained in the place of those who had been injured the steamer proceeded 011 her voyage. INQUEST AT WAOGA WAGOA.—The District Coroner (says the Express) held an inquest at the Commercial Hotel, on Tuesday, on tue body of Francis M'Guinneas, who came to his death under the following circumstances:—Thomas Stockton, beiug sworn, deposed thnt he was a carrier, and that he recognised the body, tbe subject of the inquest. as that of a man he had seen on Monday, between 12 and 1 o'clock 011 the road at Malabo Range ; lie was then on horseback, and witness was driving a team of bullocks with a waggon laden with five tons of wool; deceased was going in an opposite direction to the waggon ; deceased was riding very steadily when witness first saw him at a distance, and, as he approached, he appeared to " rouso " his horse up a little, but did not put him out of a walk ; he was apparently quite nober; witness was About the middle of the team, and deceased passed on the off side ; the road was fenced with a two-rail fence on deceased's side, and the space between the fence and the draywheels was about 8ft.; the wool was loaded beyond the wheels about 15in. ; when the deceased reached a point opposite the wool his horse appeared to take tright and spin round very suddenly, and galloped back ; in spinning round the horse lost his legs and went down behind, and the deceased fell off immediately ; witness saw him fall and roll under the fore wheel of the waggon, which was going down a slight incline at the time, and the wheel passed over the deceased ; witness strove hard to 6top the team, and did so with the hind wheel over deceased's body, and then ran back to him ; he was then lying on his face and bleeding out of the mouth aud nose ; witness's mate, John Collins, came up and they lifted deceased up ; he was not quite dead but was breathing slowly. They laid the body by the roadside, and went on to Williams' publichouse for help and water, and Collins went to Mr. Mackay'e ; witness then returned to deceased with the water and a man came with him with a bottle of spirits running as fast as thev could run. They found the deceased still breathing, but very slowly, aud they lifted his head and put some water in his mouth, but deceased appeared to die instantly ; deceased did not speak in passing, nor witness to him ; witness was fairly on the road usually travelled and keep- ing the track. Joseph Collins and Henry Samuels, being sworn, fully corroborated the foregoing testimony ; and John Cain Dowe, a trooper in tbe police force at Wagga, who deposed to finding the body at Williams' Malabo Inn, and to the fact that the witness Stockton gave him an account of the accident similar to that of the above evidence. Dr. Large, being examined, deposed that he had made an external examination ot the body, and found the evident marks of wheel across the back loin and shoulders and a compound coinminutive f racture of the left leg ; there had been considerable discharge of blood from the month and ears, aud from the evidence he believed the deceased was killed by a dray-wheel passing over hiiu. The jury found that deceased met his death at Malabo on Monday, the 7th October, by being accidentally run over by a loaded waggon, and they acquit the driver of all blame in the trausaction. GREAT FEAT AT THE ALUERT GROUND.— Charles Williams, according to announcement in the public prints, 6tarted on his 110-mile trip at the Albert Ground at eight minutes to 6 o'clock last Friday evening. Williams is a man apparently about 27 years of age, a native of Wales, and a miner by calling. He started on his walk in a steady gait, but increased to a surprising rote until seven minutes to 12 o'clock, at which time he had completed 30 miles, aud he then retired for half an hour's rest. He resumed his journey, without any noticeable slackening ot pace, having at eight minutes to 4 o'clock in the morning gone over a distance of 65 miles. Another interval of half-an-hour was taken, and then Williams continued uninterruptedly till 11 o'clock, when tbe board indicated that 90 miles had been traversed, thus showing a feat unequalled by even the champion walkers of Englaud, being at the rate of 5 miles per hour exclusive ot stoppages. At 11 o'clock his muscles appeared to be exceedingly stiff and contracted. A sleep of 2 hours duration was indulged in, after which the walker was as fresh almost as if commencing. Seeing that he could complete the distance in the time with ease, Williams did not go beyond a pace of a mile in about fourteen minutes, and at a quarter past 2 o'clock, 95 miles was on the board, leaving 15 miles to be done in about four hours. On Saturday Williams completed his 110-mile walk at five minutes to 6 o'clock, thus doing the distance twelve minutes under the twenty-four hours. Williams, at the termination of his great journey, did not appear much distressed. There were only about a dozen persons on the ground, including three referees. The question will naturally be asked—has the distance been fairly done ? This will, doubtless, be satisfactorily settled by a contest. MR. MARSHALL WOOD.—Mr. Marshall Wood is certainly being well advertised in Victoria. On Tuesday his name was again brought before the Assembly, and in a manner which compels some attention being given to it. The Speaker stated that, as the Governor's name had been improperly mentioned in connection with the "ift of a bust from the sculptor referred to, ana ns his Excellency could not, because of his position, contradict the untrue statement, he, on behalf of the Governor, felt impelled to make an explanation. Mr. Marshall Wood had brought letters of introduction to him (Sir Charles Dully), and had asked to be permitted to take a cast of Sir Charles's head. As, however, he had 110 intention of giving the artist a commission, he declined. Mr. Wood subsequently wrote, asking if Sir Charles would solicit the Governor to sit for a cast in his (Mr. Wood's) interest, so that, should the public desire a bust of his Excel lencv, he would be able to supply it. Sir Charles Duffy, remembering that the busts of the three last Governors had been secured on behalf of the colony, saw 110 impropriety in the request, and conveyed it by letter to Sir George Bowen. His Excellency courteously, and also almost as a matter of course, agreed to give Mr. Wood tbe sitting he asked for. That 'was the only justification that existed for the mention of tbe Governor's name in the statue discussions, and everyone will agree with the Speaker that it is most disagreeable and improper that such allusions Bhould bo made about a gentleman who, tram his position, was unable to defend himself. A YARN FROM THE WEST.—A good story of a Suatter comes to the Melbourne correspondent the Warrnanibool Guardian from Rivenna. In that district resides one of the meanest and richest wretches in these colonies. Of land he has over 100,000 acres, of money no end, but he lives the life of a miser, and is seen on his own station in blue shirt and moleskins. The post-otfice authorities deliver a special mail bag at his place. Recently a new driver went upon the line, and when he stopped at the slip-panel where the mail bag was to be delivered, a commonly-dressed wizened old man was there to receive it. "So vou're old —-s man ?" asked the driver. « Yes"" was the reply. " Well, here's old 's bag," said the 1 j \ " you stop with him ? I'm told that l he's H o w the i s j ugliest, t t l i a t meanest, dirtiest old cur in Riverina." " Nae doot, ime doot," replied the blue-shirt ed one, " he's a vera bad mon." " Ah ! you're a countryman of his," said the driver, "tlmt accounts for your stopping with hirn." " More than that," wasthereplv. " A relntive ?" queried the driver, " No," was the reply, " I'm Mr. himself." More I need not soy. THE ANNIVERSARY REGATTA.—The first meeting of tbe General committee for carrving out the metropolitan regatta of 1879 was held at. Aaron's Exchange Hotsi on Monday, Mr. A. J. Soutar iu the chair. The minutes of the public meeting held on the previous Monday were read and confirmed. The following letter was then read :— "Prince Alfred Yacht Club, 3rd October. To tbe committee of the N.S.W. National Regatta : —Gentlemen,—I have been requested by the above club to mention that at their annual meeting on the 2nd instant a circular recording the proceedings of the public meeting held to make preliminary arrangements for the anniversary regatta, 1879, was read by tbe chairman, and it was unanimously decided" that the approval and confidence 111 the arrangements for carrying out the abovenumed regatta be communicated to the committee. I hare the honour to be, gentlemen, respectfully yours, CLEMENTS BEXUOW, Hon. Sec.' It was also announced that the S.A.S. Club had passed a similar resolution of confidence in the committee. A letter from Captain Trouton, offering in every way in his power to forward the interest of the regatta, was read. A sub-committee, consisting of Messrs. Medcalf, Want, Gardyue, and the lion, secretary, was appointed to wait upon Mr. W. O. Gilchrist, to ask him to become the president of the Regatta. The revision of the committee list concluded the proceedings, and the ineeti ng adj ourned for a week, with a vote of thanks to the chairman. HILLSTON.—We take the following Hillston meins (under date October 2) from a correspondent of the Express :—The river, which has been rising every day during the last three weeks, is now nearly level with the highest banks. The lower lands are all submerged, and, if a further increase in the rise takes place, great damage will be done to property. There is abundance of feed and water throughout this district, and such a prosperous season has not been experienced for years. A farewell dinner was given on the 30th ult. to Mr. Frank Johns, accountant at the A.J.S. Bank, on the occasion of his departure for Hay. All the world and his wife were present, and a thoroughlj' enjoyable evening was spent. Tbe following are the stock passings for the last week :—27th ult.: 68 mixed cattle from Robertson's Breewarrina station, Barwon River, for Toganmain, Mr. R. Bodel in charge. 30th ult.: 600 mixed cattle from the Breewarina station, for Toganmain, Mr. J. C. Mair in charge. Some four months since a man was here looking for teams to draw telegraph posts, &c.;, and stated himself to be an agent for Mr. Galagher, whose tender had been accepted for the construction of the line to Booligal to Hillston. Since then I have heard nothing more on the subject, and we have etill no other means of communicating with the civilized world save by Cobb aud Co.'6 coach. THE TELEPHONE.—During the past week (says the Mercury) successful and very interesting telephonic experiments have been made with one of these little wonders, constructed by Mr. G. Lobsey, of the Forbes telegraph office. The voices of persons in the Orange and Grenfell offices were easily recognised, a distance of 85 miles, and an animated conversation kept tor sometime. Singing was heard with remarkable distinctness—especially duets rendered by a lady aud gentleman in Grenfell, which were not only audible but were distinguishable some distance from the machine.— Paries Gazette, Sept 20. Mr. G. Lobsey is the only son of Mr. George Lobsey, of East Maitlaud, and it will be remembered by many of our readers that he passed a very successful examination for the civil service some years since. He is a native of West Maitland, and, it therefore give us pleasure to reprint tbe above evidence that in his new sphere of labour Mr. G. Lobsey, jun., is doing something to maintain the reputa tion of this town. RUSSIA AND CENTRAL ASIA.—There can be Ssays the Army and Navy Gazette) 110 charge of luplicity and insincerity established against Russia in her dealings with the Khanates of Central Asia—110 imputation on the perfectly plain and consistent course she has pursued in extend- ing her arms and establishing lier power south of the Oxus. It ma)' be that the expeditionary forces of which we now hear as preparing to clear their way through the dominions of the Khan of Bokhara may have no very serious object and no design against the peace of oiir Indian Empire, but it they engage in hostilities with the Ameer and occupy any patt of Afghauistau, we cannot by shutting our eyes and ears place the people of Hindostan in a position ot security, ana save ourselves from the mischief which would come out of the approach of a Russian army to our frontiers. It may be that Russia needs an expedition to restore her prestige and prop up the influence of the Czar in Central Asia, but its results to us will not be doubtfuL Russia does not beat about the bush at all—she marches straight into it, and we, apparently, mu6t only fold our hands and look on quietly at her progress. SIR JULIUS YOQEL.—The Wellington correspondent of the Melbourne Argus writes One of the most striking events of the day is the returning enthusiasm for Sir Julius Vogel. Soon after his return from England in the early part of 1876, aud during the session in that year, he was most fiercely assailed in Parliament and out ot it. About a year after he went home a reaction slowly began and has steadily gone on. It is a fact now that, whether they be speakers at public banquets or mob orators, any persons who praise Sir Julius ^ ogel are sale to meet an enthusiastic welcome. The toast of Sir Julius Vogel is always joyfully drunk. Many of the newspapers which a year or two ago were most loud in cursing are now praising him. Continually one hears the expression, " If we could only get Sir Julius back ! ' If by any chance he came back, Sir George r Grey's Government would be instantly doomed. All sorts of wild schemes have been propounded by his admirers for the purpose of getting him back but bis personal friends do not wish him to return, but would like to see him succeed at home. A MURDEROUS SEA-FLOWER.—One of the exquisite wonders of the sea is called tbe opelet, and is about as large as the German aster, with a great many long petals of a light-green color, glossy as satin, and each one tipped with rose color. These lovely petals do not lie quietly in their places, but wave about in the water, while the opelet clings to a rock. How innocent and lovely it looks on its rocky bed ! Who would suspect that it would eat anything grosser than dew or sunlight ? But these beautiful waving arms, as you call them, have use besides looking pretty. They have to provide for a large open mouth, which is hidden down deep among them —so hidden that one can scarcely find it. Well do they perform their duty, for the instant a foolish little fish touches one of the rosy lips he his struck with poison as fatal to him as lightning. He immediately becomes numb, and in a moment stops struggling, and then the other arms wrap themselves around him, and he is drawn into the huge greedy mouth, and is seen no more. Then the lovely arms unclose and wave again in the water. THE DEAD ALIVE.—The Harvard Courant published a short while ago a remarkable story relating to an application for the payment of ah insurance policy by the wife of the insuter, who was represented by her to be dead, but whom the life insurances believed to be still living. The statement of the Courant was to the effect that in May, 1869, William Wackerle, then a resident of Detroit, took out a policy in the Etna Insurance Company for 3000dols. payable to his wife, Walburga Wackerle, in the event of his death. Wackerle and his wife lived a cat-and-dog sort of a life, and he left her soon after the policy was taken out, emigrating to this State. She, however, followed, and he was persuaded in some way to return. The couple took up their abode in Quincy, 111., in 1870. They remained there but a short while, Wackerle again abandoning her and going south. Mr. Wackerle beliered her husband had gone to Texas, and she hastened thither in 6earch of him, and learned what she professed to believe the news of his death on the Texas Pacific railroad by being run over by a train. Affidavits to this effect were secured by her, and she applied for the payment of the policy 011 her husband's life. The agenU of the Etna Company, on investigation, discovered that the persons who had made affidavits to the death of Wackerle were general freedmen, and did not know to what they were swearing. They also obtained counter-affidavits from some of the officers of the road, including the foreman of the gang in which the man killed was employed, to the effect that his name was Frank Ettine. The Insurance Company consequently refused to pay the policy. Mrs. Wackerle then commenced a suit in Louisiana against the Company, and the jury gave her a verdict. The case was carried to the Supreme Court, and is now pending a hearing. Reports of the trial came to the nearing of Joseph Weinmann, of Faribault, Maun, who was intimately acquainted with Wackerle, and was First Lieutenant during the war of the company in which Wackerle had served. He at once informed the Insurance Company that Wackerle was living and in California. Subsequently an agent of the Company calling 011 Weinmann, a letter trom Wackerle, dated January, 1878, was shown to him, in which he (Wackerle) stated that he had abandoned his wife at Quincy, Ills., because he was afraid she would kill hiiu for the policy 011 his life. Now comes the 6eqnel to this strange case. A short time since Wiu. Wackerle, the man claimed by his wife to be dead, called at the Bulletin office, and demonstrated that be was a very substantial kind of a ghost. He is well known to many responsible citizens here who vouch for his identity. Wackerle says he did fly to the South for safety, fearing his wife would kill him for the sake of recovering his life insurance. He worked for about four months as cook at Ruena Coso, 011 the Mississippi, earning during that period, enough money to pay his way to this State. For the past five years he has been living in Humboldt county, where he is engaged iu raising farm produce. Next day Wackerle left for the East, where he goes at the expense aud in the interest ot the Etna Company, to satisfy the court of last resort iu Louisiana of the fact'that he still liveth, and thai the allegations of his wife are false, and the affidavits iu her possession worthless. John Hein aud Nicholas Hein, two brothers who served in the same company with Wackerle during the war, are now living in Napa. A photograph was taken in this city some time ago, in which lieutenant Weinmann (mentioned in the statement of the Howard Courant) William Wackerle, John Hein, and Nicholas Hein form a group. Here is another illustration that " Fact is often stranger than fiction." 