WHEN GEORGE THE THIRD WAS ] KING. The pursuits which the world of fashion follow in the present day are widely different from those our grandfathers and grandmothers were wont to witness, and the march, or rather, full gallop of intellect has produced wondrous changes. The old, quiet, respectable, dull, slow, I humdrum routine has given way to the fast railway pace, and those that do not go ahead are considered " regular muffs." In bygone times no young lady could 'be seen abroad except under the surveillance of a rigid chaperon in the person of a mother or maiden aunt. Hansom cabs were not in prospective existence, and, C had they existed, no well-bred married or single woman would have entered them. There were few female equestrians, or, as c the late Charles Matthews called them, " she-questrians," to be met with in the parks. An early breakfast, followed by a walk in the square or Kensington Gardens, attended by a maid; an hour's practice on the pianoforte, a dancing or. drawing b lesson, occupied the time until the ghost n of a luncheon-cake and home-made wine a -was announced. Then a drive in the heavy family coach in Hyde Park, between upsley House and what is now the Marble Arch, constituted the after liuon'e amuuement. .'ive o'clock tea was unknown ; and at six, or half-past six at latest, and that only in ultrafashionable houses, dinner was on the table-a plain substantial meal, as unlike the patrician feasts of the present day as the flickeriing flame of a farthing rushlight is to the brilliancy of the new electric light, as the old flint and steel fowling-piece is to the modern breech-loader, as the Hampton A Court holiday van is to the Queen's State Carriage, or any other comparison that may suggest itself to my readers. An occasional visit to a private box at Covent c Garden or Drury Lane (for there were no stalls, and the public boxes were deemed S only fit for the plebeians), or an evening at the King's Theatre, where la crinme ile I la crane gathered to talk, and receive visits in their boxes, more than to enjoy E the strains of a Catalini, Grassini, or Naldi. With the exception of a children's S or young persons' party to Astley's or Sadler's Wells, no other minor theatre q was ever attended by the female aris tocracy. The balls generally commenced 2 at ten o'clock, seldom lasting later than one, lemonade, orgeat, white wine and port negus, tea, cakes, and the smallest, thinnest sandwiches, were all the refresh- 1 ment the tired dancers had to invigorate them after a long tedious country dance, , or graceful minuet. What a contrast does this form to the treadmill drudgery, called pleasure, of the present London season 1 tLet me give in the form of a fast young lady's diary '-"Called at ten. Read the Mfornilug Post; breakfast, tea, toast, and a grilled bone in bed or dressing-room. Twelve-horses at the door-a ride in Rotten Row until half-past one, when, as horsey cousin Frank said, 'all heads were turned to the manger,' Anglice luncheon. Luncheon at two, first-rate Badington and champagne cup well iced. An hour or two at Prince's, four till seven a drive in the park. Dinner half-past eight, ball at twelve, sitting down supper, soup, eta., champagne ad libitum. Cotillion at half past three, home at four."--Fashion Then and Now, by Lord William Pitt Lennox, A shrewd confectioner out West has t taught his parrot to say "Pretty creaturel" to every lady who enters his shop, and his a business is rapidly increasing. : "Is that the second bell 1'" inquired a 0 gentleman of a coloured porter. "No, sah. Dat am the second ringin' ov do fust boll. We liab but one bell in die t establishmun." oCOMPLIreeNTS r AiMERIoA.-A New s York editor gently applauds a contem-. ir porary, stating that it "can compress h more deliberate, wilful, wicked, villainous a lies into a square inch than any other that 'a is or ever was printed. A barber'ssign at a fashionable Saratoga hotel reads : "Dresser of the Hair of the ,n Windsor'Hotel, Now York." ill HoLLowA's OINTMEnT AND' PILLS.-In all Soutwnrd complalnts a desperate effort should be made to at once remove these annoying infirml. is ties, and of establishing a cure.. The remarkable Sremendies discovered by Professor Holloway will satisfactorily accomplish this desirable result, without any'of those dangers or drawbacks d whioll attended the old method of treating ulcerative inflammations, scrofulous affections, 1s, and scorbutic annoyances. The most timid in is vaHd may use both the ointment andl pills with at the utmost safety with certain success, provided he a modeorato attention be bestowed on their ed acompanylng "directions." Both tle prepara nd tions soothe, heal, and puriy. The one omlets to other most materally In offecting cures and to rnewaleg strength by helping exhausted nature just when she neoeds such succur,-An'er, VALUAoL Doscovaar ron eTr HAun-I f 0ou0 haris turning grey or white, orfalling off, use "The Mexican Hair Renewer " for it cill positive restore in every coae rey or White inairto its original color, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most "IRestorers." Is makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well at promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands are. not decayed. Ask your Chemist for "TrE h xIEcat HAIR Rftcwse," prepared b HeBnto C. GALLUP, 493 Oxford street, London, and sold by Chemists and Per umern everywhere at s lid per bottle.-l(Advt.) PFLenLict--Fon r TH Txr AND DBREcATe. A few drops of the liquid Floriline sprinkled on a wet tooth brush produces a pleasant lather which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, pre vents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteneoss and a-delghtful Mfragrance to the breath. It removes all un pleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline' being oemposed in part of honey and swoel herbs is delcious the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Prioe 2s l(d, of all chemists and porfumere. Prepared by Henry 0\. GALLUP. 493, Oxford.street. London.- Advt. THeOAT ArETImoNs AND. HOARgENEsB.-All suffering from irritation of the throatand hoarse less willbo agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the useof "Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous lozenges are now sold by most respectable lchemists at i lid per box. People troubled with a "hacking cough," "aelight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious pul mbnary and astleatio affection. See that the words "Brown's Bronchial Troches" are on the Government stamp around each boc.-.-Manu. factorod by JOHN I. BROWN to SONS, Boston, United States. Depot, 493, Oxford-street, Lon don.-Advt. PnIcycO BIlmAnII at the lante European Con gross adopted tihe savage custom of offering the pipe of peace to the representatives of the Great Powers, before entering upon theirdeliberations. It is due to .this in a great measure that the animosities between the various parties were smoothed over, the soothling effects of the frag rant weed contributing largely to the happy re sult of tbo meeting. The recipe of the tobacco used on that occasion having reached these shores, smokers should ask for Blsmark's Con gress Mlixture. By the use of this famed tobacco hoappiness will be intruduced inmany a house. hold; wives and sweethearts will only be too anxious to ask their husbands and lovers for the production of this fragrant and soothing mix ture, instead of turning them out of doors to indulge in the filthy habit i And it is specially reoommnndecd to M1.P.'s as the most likely for reconciling the "ins" and "outs." Enuire for "Iilmarks Congreas ?ilxture."--(Advt,!) 