LECTURE BT TEE ABCHBISHOP OF SYDNEY. His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Vaughan, Archbishop of Sydney, delivered a leoture on "Christ and His Kingdom," in tbe Boyal PrinceBB' Theatre, Sandhurst, on Monday evening, and the iendigo Independent,!)! whose report we avail ourselves, says:—There was a crowded audience, who continually ex 'pressed, by the earnestness of their acclamation, their high appreciation of the brilliant talents, the-learning, and eloqaenoe of the illustrious lecturer. The Mayor of Sand hurst oeoupied the oh air, and there were present also on the platform—Dr. Crane, Bishop.of Sandhurst; Dr. O'Connor, Bishop of Ballarat; Sir John O'Shanassy, Mr. J. Dwyer, M.L.A's, and several other gentlemen of the clergy and laity. The Mayor having introduced the Arch- bishop, his Grace proceeded with the lecture. In introducing his snbjeot he remarked he could not help, as he looked upon the large and distinguished assembly, imagining that they would think it strange that he stnnld come, as it were, starring it down into Victoria, and to tbe city of Sandhurst, to preach sermons and deliver lectures. They would think that he would have enough to do at home, and he could quite assure them that be had more to do at home than he had time or strength to effect. Yet he thought they would agree that be had a good reason for doing so when he told them it is gratitude. The Bishop of Sandhurst had done him one good turn, and he had no hesitation in doing him a good turn in return. (Applause.) And if anything added to the pleasure of assisting the Bishop, it was that they had reoeived him so kindly and so enthusiastically that evening. When he was asked by the Bishop to deliver a leoture. in Sandhurst, he naturally cast about for a subject that would prove interesting on whioh to lecture, as he did think that the greatest snbjeot on which a lecturer oould speak was that which shows where we are going to, and whence we came ; therefore, he Lad chosen a subject that he certainly believed would be interesting , to every lady and gen> tleman present, and by which the mind might be enlightened, and the intellect illuminated. He did not come there to tbruw off any bright literature, or to repeat any learnt-off-by-heart composition, whioh might do all 1 very well for boys at sohool, and 1 those who chose < to spout here and there. He took : a more serious' view of things, and choee to speak of that kingdom from: the. knowledge and bope of wbioh sprang every true Christian, and every greatness and nobleness of man. No subject he thought of greater importance than ibis, wfcese consideration no man oould throw, from him. In the present days the basis of the great subject of Christianity was greatly assailed, and in reading the history of antiquity we met no record of such force, virulence, and persistence being used in olden time as now opposed religion; and it made it, if not to shake and tremble, at least to require to be defended; therefore, he con- sidered it the highest privilege for anyone to lecture or speak on any platform, when feeling convinced of the great truths himself, he sought to bring home the principles that filled his heart and soul to the minds o others. (Applause.) And, when considering his own country, the great seats of learning at Oxford and' Cambridge, from which had sprung so many great men, and from which had flowed so much that was learned, grand, and ennobling, how their learning was diffused to far distant countries,-and the principles of their learning scattered far and wide, they fixed their eyes on a learned and intelligent man shooting down the head of the authority by the socialistic spirit imbued in him—Dr. Nobiling, a man of the highest culture, endeavouring to take the life of the Emperor of Germany, imagining that by striking at the representative of power, he was levelling the power itself; and when we recollect that the same principle is learnt in the colleges of our country, of socialism, of levelling, of bringing down, as actuated Dr. Nobiling, we must feel resolved that it is right and necessary for each of us in his place to do all in his power to perfect true civilisation, by maintaining its in true foundation, Christianity, to resist all that is anarchy and confusion, that is disorderly and unlawful; and to raise and confirm all that' is orderly, lawful, and correct in the heart of every upright man . (Applause.) It is 'a fact whioh -every man mast admit that man is obliged to search after' some kind of religion. There is' 'a nature in -the human heart that compels him to do so, -that makes him seek to -know the cause of his being, whence he came, and whither he is going. Do' what he will, he cannot destroy it. The question will recur to him, and every man and woman, must and have asked themselves that great question.' Reason propounds it; reason is ever asking for the answer, and not only that, but reason itself calls for faith. Every nation, every man' also, has within himself that feeling of created, that desire of adoring, that subjection to a Supreme Being, that institutes some religion in every mind. And as such is-the case, we find also that no one- receives as an answer to the question his heart ever asks him, any teaching that comes not with authority, that is not based on some book of whose authority they are convinced. If anyone said to him, " I will tell you of the future, of eternity, where you are going, what will happen'^-ou," he would reply, "Do you come from eternity or the future ?" and if he said he did not he would tell him that he was in as good a position as he was to know, and refuse his doctrine. So the Hindoos believed in the Shasfcras j the Parsees in Zerdhurst; so the Mahommedans, Thibetians, Old Peruvians, and Mexicans, all attached their faith to some foundation in which their faith implicitly rested. If we pass by the time of Abel and Abraham, and commence our consideration with the man who came out of the ark with his children, and read the works of God and His promises and directions to them, we have the first stone of the foundation of Christ's kingdom, and of that religion which frees, elevates, and ennobles the heart and intellect of man. (Applause.) Descending from the ark to the newly unclothed earth, Noah and sons offered up on the green award to their God, and with the steaming smoke of the burn ing oblation arose the homage of creatures to a creator, of humanity to divinity, of man to God. The Lord said to Noah and his sons, " Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth. And, behold, I estab - lish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you." Here is God speaking to znan; here is a revelation, that revelation which reason itself seeks that it may be able to peer into its future destiny. Here is. a faith and creed, a moral law ordering a certain action, and now declared in the image of Qod and sacrifice, the highest pos sible form of worship, and the clearest sign of man's desire of reconciliation with God. But unfortunately the sons of Noah fell from their obedience to God; forgot His mercy in having saved them from the flood, and influenced by the passions of their nature, and by the pride of their hearts, they sought to make themselves like to God. Then we know ensued the confusion of tongues, and it is a curious fact that the multiplicity of gods and the confusion ot tongues commenced at the one time. They fell from the worship of God, and set up themselves gods as their inclinations dictated; great men of old were adored, the sun, moon, stars, were worshipped, as if they were a divinity. And not only that, but they descended to the adoration of sticks and stones. • The Greeks adored Zeus, a statue of Phedias, and the Egyptians even knelt down and prayed to onions and garden stuff, as if they could not go sufficiently low to prove to what base idiotcy the mind of man may descend when he has lost sight of Almighty God. (Applause.) These people prove how natural religion is, and how, lost to the one, the imagination creates gods for adoration. Speaking of the statue adoration, Tffinucius details the formation of a god most clear. He says: " When does the God come into existence P He is cast and carved: he is joined together, painted, and erected, and he is not yet a god. Behold he becomes at length a God, when , man wants him to be so, and consecrates him." Here, instead of God making man, man makes God. How debased a notion of a divinity is given by this description; while perhaps the most exalted of a pagan writer is given by Sophocles, who speaks of that holy purity "of word and deed whose laws are inscribed on high, born in the celestial sky, whose sire is heaven alone, nor hath the mortal nature of man produced them, nor will oblivion even lull them to . sleep. In these God is great, and grows not old." This is beautiful language, but there is no power in it. He would say the same of a great man. There is no notion of a great Creator's dignity, marked in those words of Sophocles. It is so different from Christianity where the mind, in considering God, ; cannot lose the feeling that He is the Lord ' and Creator of heaven and earth. Plutarch says, speaking of the universality of reli- . gionr—"If yon travel over the whole; world you may possibly find places deprived of walk, letters, houses and laws,. riches and coins; but no man has ever seen a place destitute of temples end gods, a place that did not use prayers, oaths, and oraoles: that did not make offering to the Deity in order to obtain favours and avert, evils." Cicero says:—" We know by nature : that we must revere and venerate God'j nor is there any man who does not perceive the law which prescribes this duty; and, yet," he says, "we, are compelled, by the; disagreements of the. wise, to be ignorant! of our own Lord and Ruler. We know not, whether we are subjects .of the sun or; ether." , How confused is the mind of the] greait philosopher ; with his great genius; yet "his intelligent mind, having lost sight; of the true God, would ascribe : 'dmhity he! knows notrwifflre^-anay iwilie iun, may bei tjie air. That mch .opuuwis of ;the ,Di-' yinity t although if; seeras^ inc'onc6xWbie tfial thef ^aberrations of! mankind i^houiclgiead them) jbq. far'away from the,,truth; that '^ey woy-J ^shipped ^onmns. garden stnffjjaj>^alB J .'andi y^ptiles^^and gTeepio low adonition. find jglonr >.th^,is Jhy gffljn 1 Almighty God, Suler ofhep.jgg.aigd (Applause.) So^far did idolatry go, and soblind and abject was the adoration to the statues they set up that the priests who offered np the sacrifices to them, were aUo* gether despised and looked upon as being of no importance compared to the wood or marble before which they were officiating'. His Grace then referred to the writings «£ Suetonius, and read other quotations regarding the conditions of Some tip to only five years before Christ. He depicted the miserable creatures the Roman slaves were, the abject tyranny exercised over them by their masters, who sacrificed hundreds and thousands in the Amphitheatre to gratify their passion for blood. Vespasian, Caligula, and other emperors finding how superstitious the people were, and considering themselves more elevated than the blocks they worshipped created themselves gods, and the wretched people sacrificed bullocks and other animals to appease their wrath, and even after their death to prevent their departed spirits returning and troubling them. One day while Caligula was in the Amphitheatre watching the contest of leopards and slaves, a thunderstorm came on, [and the roaring of thunder and the flashing of lightning caused the proceedings to be stopped. The Emperor rose up, and in the midst of profound silence, cried out with blasphemous words, " Stop thy thunder, oh Jupiter, for there is oce God in heaven and earth, and he is Caligula, the Emperor of Some." (Applause.) As an instance of treatment of slaves by the Romans, he mentioned that at one time 10,000 slaves were placed together in the Amphitheatre, and fought together for 123 days " to make a Soman holiday." Five years before Christ there were 650,000 slaves in Some ; men and women with souls like ours,- but so sunk in ignorance and depravity that they had no minds, no religion, no God, but their tyrannical and despotic masters. And now the time came when all this had to come to an end, and if they could only imagine how thiB degradation had sunk into the vitals of the Soman Empire, and how the emperors had fixed the temples of paganism upon the most feeble basis, had domineered over every intelleet, and every heart, and every man and woman. When they considered how mighty was this Soman Empire, they might then see how great was the work done by Jesus Christ and the churoh which He established for the regeneration, purification, and rise of man. He now came to speak of the present day, the present 19th century, but it was necessary of him to speak of the Soman Empire, in order that they might understand how great was the revolution which had been effected. Let them fix their mind and heart and love upon Jesus Christ, and they would see how much they were indebted to Him. They knew that at this day there was a spirit of infidelity abroad. No man or nation ever believed in any prophet, prophesy, or socalled revelation from God, unless that jirophet spoke with authority. There were four corner stones which made up the revelation of God, and there was a fifth one, which he felt so assured of that he could die for it, he was so convinced in his own mind by the strength of those arguments. He said this in no "spirit of heroism, but simply as a matter of fact, because he knew if he were to deny it God would punish him eternally. He took two great book', and Christ, and the resnlt of his life and labours as the four cornerstones. There was the Old Testament, whioh in every page spoke of the promise of a Messiah, and this Messiah was so fully spoken of, that if they compared the prediction with its fulfilment, they could trace the whole of Christ's life as represented in the Old Testament. The seoond corner stone was the New Testament. In this he Baw how the old prophecies were fulfilled more than a thousand years after they had been uttered. In all this he saw the wisdom of God. In the New Testament they saw Christ found a kingdom, and how. and by what means did he find it. He took twelve poor ignorant labouring men and said to them: "Go, preach the gospel throughout the world and unto every creature ;" . and they all knew the result; they were there that night as a proof of the efficacy of those words. He spoke with authority, such as none had ever done before—Who sins yon shall forgive they are forgiven. The gates of hell shall not prevail;against it." Andto those poor men.He gave power to convert the world. When they saw and considered all that had.been done in. testimony of His divinity, they must bo blind indeed if they were not convinced that he had shown us His divinity and glory. If they would but read those books with careful attention they would come to this conclusion, and say thai Christ .is God. And these men aud those who oame after them converted the whole Roman Empire. Tuey never heard of any man who, be he prophet, conjurer, qt juggler, wished to make himself great, allow aaother'to kill him, or put bim upon a cross, leave him there till he was 4ead, bury him, place a heavy stone and gnard pf eoidierp over the tomb,, and thyi gay. he would, and did, rise again. There ji|Leyer was a^ instance, except that of Laz grqa, who came to li^e at the command of, C)(irist,.of a mati, after lying dead, riping again., Yet .Curis't did. this. for thp ^ot pf " Ws diEffl'th np one copld attempt tp 4en^,' ana' hu resurreo'tibn was equajiy wrUgn. Be ^flked .and'talkol with ms sais£plfep;.after'His '^imeolton, oQO.of them — - - - a Bay it it all very well for him, a clergyman, to Bay eo; it was bis duty. He did not, for himself, attach muoh importance to this sort of argument, fcfor no matter whether the speaker was an arohbiehop, a bishop, clergyman, or layman, all; they had to look to was • hio argument?, and if they commended them- ' selves to their reason they should adopt (hem. Bat he would quote the opinion of one who was not a clergymen; one who was in every sense a man of the world. He would qaote the following words of Napoleon the first, written in his banishment when he had lime to think—" I have been aeoustomed to pnt before me the examples of Alexander and CtBsar, with the hope of rivalling their exploits, and living in the minds of men for ever. Yet, after all, in what sense does Cesar, in what sense does Alexander, live ? Who knows or oares anything abont them? At best, nothiDg bat their names is known, for who among tbe multitude of men, who hear or who utter their names, really know anything about their lives or their deeds, or attaches to those names any definite idea ? Nay, even their names do bat flit up and down the world like ghosts, mentioned only on particular occasions, or from accidental association e. Their ohief home is the school-room; they have a foremost place in boy's grammars and exercise-books; they Are splendid examples for themes ; they form writing copies. So low is heroic Alexander fallen; so low is imperial Casar ut puerit plaeeant et declamatio fiant. ' But on tbe contrary, there is just one name in the whole world that lives ; it is the name of one who passed His years in obscurity, and who died a malefactor's death. Eighteen hundred years have gone since that time, bnt still it has its hold upon the human mind, it has possessed the world, aud its maintains possession. Amid the most varied nation", tinder the most diversified circumstances in the most cultivated, in the midst of raoes and intellects, in all classes of society, the owner of the great name reigns. High' and low, rioh and poor, acknowledge Him. Millions of souls are conversing with Him, we venturing on His word, are looking for His presence. Palaoes, sumptuous, innumerable, are raiBed to His honeur. His image, as in the hoar of Hie deepest humiliation, is triumphantly displayed in the proud city, in the open country, in the corners of ftreets, 6a tbe top of mountains, it sanctifies the anoestral hall, the oloset, and the bed chamber, it is the subject for the exercise ef the highest genius in the imitative arts. It iB worn next the heart in life, it is held before the failing eyes in death. Here, then, is one who is not a mere name, who is not a mere fiotion, who is a reality. He is dead and gone, but still he lives—lives as the living, energetio thought of successive -generations, as the awful motive power of a thousand great events. He has done without effort, what others with life long struggles have not done. Can he be less than Divine ? Who is he hut the Creator himself, who is sovereign over His own works, towards whom our eyes and hearts turn instinctively, because He is our Father and our God.' Even the most scoffing of modern infidels (I allude to tbe impious Soman) is forced, after studying the life of JeBus, to exoUim that the influence of the intensity of Christ's nature, 'even at this day and heur directs the destinies of humanity.' 1 During thouands and thousands of years/ he continues, speaking as it were, to the Saviour, 'during thousands and thousands f years the world shall wish to seek out in Thee the exemplar according, to which it shall wish to model its life, which is troubled by our ^contradictions. Thou ehait be the standud round which shall be fought the fiercest of b&ttleB;, living a thousand times more after Thy death than daring Thy passage on earth. Thou shalt become the corner-Btone of humanity to touch a degree that to take away Thy name out of the world would be in truth to shake the world to its very foundations." And as Eaynard, who wrote a most - shallow, impious book against our Lord, was force"! to exclaim, " That if the name of Christ was taken away, the foundation of the world would be shaken." Great was the revolution which Christianity had worked in the political order cf the Roman Empire. Three words He addreseed to all those who would believe thm' I give them a worship and a sacrifice," " My flesh is meat indeed," and " My blood is drink indeed." His Grace then referred to the steadfastness with whioh Christians had stood by and snfiered for their faith not «hly in Ireland, in Poland, in England, in Scotland, bnt in every other nation of the world. Men who believed in the revelation of Jesus Christ stood firm in this belief, and lie took care to mention that this firmness, tinder persecution and trial, Aid not belong exclusively to any one Christian Church, but was shared in more or less by them all—in itself a striking difference to what was known in the pagan world. Moreover, Christianity Hot only'bettered the state of mankind in its creed, in its morality, in its worship, but it also kept CKBBE in his place— 1 ' leaving to God the things whioh are God's, and to Cffisar the things which are Cesar's." Let mot Cssaar tooch the great work of God, nor meddle with it; let Casar remember that, and if he does so, they in their turn would .Support him upon his throne. Bnt not only in the politioal world, bnt also in the foetal world, did Christ create a greet! revolotion. Men were treated as beasts till', our; Xord came for therellef of the poor, for the •lave, for the oppressed. Slavery wus done away with. Instances of the wonderfol fortitude of two iemale saints, fits. Potamituna, and Afffa, ond»r torture, were indnoad teihow howClhrisfa Uwfeleratsd the slave, and wen the admiration of all who beheld them. Christ came to save the slave and the sinner. Men felt themselves brethren, and not only that, but even this kindness was extended to animals. He then quoted a beautiful prayer of St.Francis, of Assissinm, in whioh God was praised for all his works. Our Lord went about doing good, acting with tenderness, kindness and obarity to all who needed His divine help, and this tsnderneu of the Christian law was contrasted with the oruelty of the Soman people. And it was Christianity whioh brought purity of life. Parity of life was unknown, and not understood by Pagan Some. He dared not speak of, and could soaroely refer to, the state of the relations between man and woman in those days. The law of Christ not only made man pure without, but pure within. It taught men to look upon wemen; with reepeot, with love,, treating her irarely, liolily, beoauBe our Lord's mother was a woman. In conclusion his Grace referred to the fact that they were living in a democratic age, he did not wish it to be thought he spoke it as a rebuke, and he believed the age would become more and more demooratio, and the people will have their own way more and more, and it was • necessary, therefore, that they should be governed more and more by Him, who gave them power to govern themselves. It was necessary for them to keep their Christianity intact in them—to hold by it as firmly as to a rook, for it might be their salvation, and it certainly would be their help and strength. De Tocqueville, whom they knew wrote on democracy in America, spoke as follows of tbe Catholic Church. He did not quote it because he (his Grace) was a Catholic, nor did he quote it in a controversial epirit; but because they all admitted {that the Catholic Cburoh was a great force. Catholicity had spread with rapid strides in America, and without meaning to oompare Australia with Amerioa—for he did not know if it would be taken as a compliment — (laughter) — he believed that when he died there would be some Catholios in | Australia—" Amerioa is themoBt democratic country in. the world, and it is at the same time (aooording to reports worthy of belief) the eountry in which the Soman Catholio religion makes most progress. At first sight this is surprising. Two things must here be Mourately distinguished. Equality inclines to wish to form their |own opinions; but, on the other hand, it imbues them with the taste and idea of unity, and ^impartiality in the power whioh governs society. Men living in democratic ages are therefore very prone to shake off all religious authority, but if they consent to snbjeot themselves to any authority of this kind, they ohooBe at least that it should be single and uniform. Beligions pewers not radiating from a common centre are naturally repugnant to their minds; and they almost as readily conceive that there should be no religion as that there should be several. At the present time, more than in any preoeding one, Soman Catholics are seen to lapse to infidelity, and Protestants to be converted to Soman Catholicism. If the Soman Catholio faith be considered within the pale of the Churoh,it would seem tobelosingground; without that pale, to be gaining it. Nor is the cirumstance difficult of expl anation. The men of our days are naturally little disposed to believe ; but, as soon as they have any religion, they immediately find in themselves a latent propensity whioh urges them unconsciously towardB Catholicism, Many of tbe dootrines and practioes of tbe Soman Choroh astonish them]; but they feel a secret admiration for its discipline, and its great anity attracts them. If Catholicism could at length withdraw itself from the politioal animosities to whioh it has given rise, I have hardly any doubt bnt that the same spirit of the age, which appears to be so^opposed to it, would become so favourable as to admit of its great and eudden. advancement. One of the most ordinary weaknesses of the human intellect is to seek .to reconcile contrary principles, and to purchase peaee at tbe expense of logic. Thus, there have ever been, and will ever be, men who, alter having submitted some portion of their religions belief to the prinoipie of autuority, will seek to exempt several other parts of their faith from itB influence, and to keep their minds floating at random between liberty and obedience. But I am inelintd to believe that the number of these thinkers will be less. in democratic than in other ages, and that our posterity will tend mote and more to a single division into two parts—some relinquishing Christianity entirely, other* returning to the. bosom of the Church of Some." He gave, (he quotation simply as a matter of interest as showing how large a number of persona who do not Relieve in Catholicity, acknowledge the great power and influence. In his country, England, people used to say, and they were all •Protestants:—"Well, the Catholio religion was the first religion, and it will be the last." His Graoe then sat down, amidst loud and continued applause. His Worship the Mayor announced that the Archbishop would leotnre again on Wednesday evening, the title being, "The Schools of our Fathers." Bishop Crane, in a few pithy words, moved a vote of thanks to the ohairman, and the meeting dispersed. THE townland of Olonlum, Eilleavy, oounty Armagh, has /been the scene of a most painful .occurrence. ,It appears that a man named William Monahan oooupled a small farm on thfi lands of KiUeavy Castle, and on 4th Augusthis house took fire. Hewas himself gerarely seorched and burned,' and his wife iabfortutiately met her deathly suffocation. Whenthe fin was extinguished fc«r dead :T body waa found. • • r . 