The Schoolmaster Abroad. SCENE.— A Great Stateman's Snuggery. INTERLOCUTORS.—BIZZY AND Dizzy. BIZZY (blowing a cloud); Very pleasant sitting! Dizzy: Extremely so ! Gortschakoff, though, didn't quite seem to relish my complimenting complimenting him on his apparently robust health. Bi—sy : Looked more bilioua than gouty, eh f WeU, it would be" hard if a valetudinarian might not play "le Malade Imaginaire" for the benefit of his country _ Dissy (drily) : Or even to cut short dangerous discussion, or keep down rising temper, eh ? Bizzy: Well. I really feel very seedy, you know. Dizzy : AwfuUy sorry, I'm sure. Now your Berlin airs seems to agree with me. Never felt better in my life. Bizzt : Happy to hear it Hope your health may not receive check or chfll when you get back to London. I hear the temperature there has changed considerably since you left Dizzy : Oh, oun is a variable climate, but I'm used to it Long experience of mutabiUty teaches one adroitness of adjustment Bizzy : Doubtless. Change of — ahem !— coatume may sometimes be as essential to the hero as to the histrio. Dizsy : Aye ! as needful as occasional change of air. Even constitutions of blood and iron may sometimes welcome, for many reasons, the transition from Berlin to shaU we say Kis* aingenf Bizzy : My post is. at aU events, a trying one to an enfeebled constitution Uke mine ; and tbis supplementary Congress business haa, I confess, a Uttle bit knocked me up—not possessing your own splendid powers of recuperation, you know. Dizzy: You scarcely do youraelf justice, Prince. I must compUment you upon being a "judicious bottle-holder," as well as an "honest broker." You keep the Ring splendidly; and your cry of "Time !" is ever put to the moment Bizzy : I do not know much about your Prize* Ring ; but is not the comparison a Uttle mal A propos? Duty calls me to this post, in the interests of Peace, but I ahould not be inclined to fag myaelf out for the furtherance of War. Dizzy: Precisely. You keep ua in order capitaUy. Bizzy : Oh ! I make no pretensions. Dizzr : Of oourse uot Fulminations are out of fashion in the political Olympus. Where the anekmf Jupiter would have flourished his thunderbolts, the modern Jove fingers his watch and consults his time-table. Bizzy (aside) : Very fair—for a phrasemr. If smart speech and sound statesmanship were synonymous ! (Aloud) WeU, t suppose the worst of it's over. The smaU fry, I hop*, will take their scrape thankfoUy, and their snubs meekly—for the time being, at any rate. But, entre nous, I don't think your friend, the Turf, likes it Dizzy (thoughtfully) : Ah !. that* atpther pfrty that will have to be educated. Well, I have, dealt with pupil* as intractable at home. , Bizzy: By the way, your own more extreme worshippers may require a Uttle tactful tuition, eh? Dizzy : Oh, the Jingoes ? Doubtless i I bear they're rather on the rampage at present some of them. Like apeedy non-stayers, good .only for forcing the naca, they must " ooj-oe back " to the leaders wnen it's a case of real racing. Nothing Uke the "Dissolving View " systfm, to deal with these people. The "Glorious Triumph" sUde wiU graduaUy merge into ihe " Satisfactory Settlement" one, you'll ace; only a few Jingoes wiU detect the difference, and thtj wUI feel bound to swear there is none. A, \ Bizzy (suggestively): Gladstone ? ' 'Dizzy : A voice crying in tbe wilderness. Let,, him shout. The walla of the Tory Jericho will not faU to the trumpet and lamp of that poUtical Joahua. Bizzy: The " status quo ante bellufn" and "territorial integrity." Dizzy: Watchwords of the past -*-»t haye served their turn. PubUo opinion deals with re*, suits, and is impatient of retrospective criticism. Ask the Times. Bizzy : Humph ! The Times has asked me—" several thing*. I hope it has been satisfied with the frankness of my answers. Dizzy : Who could object to your frankness. Prince ? It is so refreshing after * surfeit , transparent finesse and transpontine dissimila tion. Capital cigars these. Bizzy : Glad you Uke them. Here's sueoess I (Drinks.) l Dizzy : Success is a fortress most surely taken by what you would call " a siege of patience." Bizzy : That depends upon the besieger, and hia resources. A coup-de-main sometimes sue oeeds. Dizzy : When patienco has prepared the way for it It is true that patience may sometimes with advantage keep a coup in reserve. Bizzy : Like a card up the sleeve ? Dizzy (blandly): Tbe comparison ia tant soil peu ** malodorous." (Drinks.) How sweetly tiie nightingales Bing! Theso untaught choristers of Nature Bizzy : Would hardly make good Tories, or tractable Turks, for I understand they are very difficult to—ahem !— educate. Both : Ha 1 ha I ha I [Left laughing. Ik the good old times wben Ireland had a ParUament of her own, one honorable gentle man said pleasantly, in the course of debate, of another honorable gentleman : " The houae of the honorable member are and have ever been KUtical and personal hirelings, from the white ered hound that is trembling on the flure to the painted hag that is grinning in the gaUery." After the duel some one asked the speaker how he came to know that the sister of bis adversary, the " bag " of the peroration, was to be preaent in the House. M Sure, I walked down with him, and he tould me himself," answered the orator. In a provincial theatre, where " Macbeth" was recently played by a clever man, who was also a great favorite with tbe audience, in tbe banquet scene he had deUvered his words to tbe ghost of Banquo, " Hence ! hence ! hence !" when be dropped on bis knee, covering hi* face with his robe, and shuddering convulsively. Just as the applause was over a youth in the gallery, carried away witb the intensity of tbe acting, oried out, " It* all right now, Smith ; he's gone." 