TUEF GOSSIP. BY ATJOUB. T&e; victoria AmateurTarf , Club was again; fortunate m haying fine .wither, on Saturday last, and there fru, a good atten dance, though not quite too lforaferousas at the July meeting. Some of the ajfr^geinGltita vepp «^th&t; pould be 9(i|^ljNi:iA )tb® matter of press accommodation iwi tele graph board, theywould not/bear favourable comparison with a second-ratl up-oourttry meeting. The sport traa no'lesa than 20 horaea api. for ibtfHqnUe Race; but aence.^fao many compel thought tobe-a real good Wyf* than oh$of the aoor$ wa^i^ wejfewitfpra, %boi. itwpa a well-known fact that represented' *rore ...... meithat if it we» jKNtdble ItB v^ald haye Ttthinttf'a nwrtuMtoole #h&:%>v& .tackled wood and hi* aon»'fdr Jte m*&aer4a; whi the post the pre Ifonk was f&ncv; I tor. abii"ifot^ owaeta for itfce a ,'t Flemington. Ibelieve the rider of Rover has been prese^§d with a gold watch by BOme of his friends who were successful on Saturday, The Hunters'Stakes served to introduce one of the best-looking steeple chasers that has lately joined the ranks of metropolitan jumpers. This was Uhlan, a slashing fine son of Smuggler^ and with Sailor and Cruiser also aa specimens of his handiwork, the<Jipps Land horse promises to become famotia as the sire of steeple chasers. Uhlan^-or rather hia rider-came to grief at the first fence, and Adonis, a son of Panic, who was well-ridden by Mr. T. Watson, won rather easily. Activity, who has always been leniently treated by handi cappers, was in better form than when he last ran at Hemington, and won the mil* race comfortably, and the Steeplechase was the easiest - thing I've ever seen in a big jumping race, for after the horses had ne gotiated the first fence, Graiaer never gave his opponents the ghost of a chance, a fast horse like Dwarroon, who stood up, failing to extend the son of Smuggler at any part of the contest. He was exceedingly well ridden by Floyd, who bids fair td become a favourite jockey in jumping races, and if he does not split on the rock which has foundered the fortunes of many a promising jockey, there is a bright career for this youngster. I missed the winner, as the de monstration in favour of his stable com panion, Cracker, some days previously, had put me off the scent. It will, however, serve to strengthen the determination of the public to stick to post betting. Ralph Leigh proved himself, a .really brilliant animal in the Flying Stakes* bat to me it seemed as if the race wfcathrown away by the boy on Fleetwing, who had a good lead when they entered the straight, and instead of looking Straight before him, the youngaterJkept turn ing hia head, no doubt believing tm&t; he had the race in hand, but opposite the carriage paddock, Murphy on Ralph Leigh swooped down upon him, and won very cleverly During the day I heard an owner of horses, who had oocasion to leave the paddock, complaining in bitter terms of the arrange ment which compelled him to walk a quarter of a mile to another gate before he would. be readmitted. I presume this fact needs, mention only to effefc$-jp alteration. Amongst the lawn talk that I (heard during the day was a statement that # well-known landed proprietors carriage' ^ww refused admission to<the enclosure ip consequence of the owner's subscription not having been paid, and also that another - had upon a previous occasion access to the ground in V' gentleinah'who hadthe enfi trick pn. S# superfluous.' , Sfjr. Hurtle TSsher, loo after hia trip to Europe, at Kirk'i £az&(^nrmg the weeK. but le&j;'for Sydn^fll s, who rticheap" of a the' w?pl4 be aud well ip appearance ; portion of iupleofdayB Dante, by Firew^a fi»n#feedfiFlorence, has tjeen leased to/Jfc. JK & \Cox,sof Fern hill stud, NeV Sooth )vaSiUSeeing how successful the sons of Bitte &Olarenee; have been at the stud* I don't oo£ should not make his mark, more iM)ip«v.i^iy a« he will probably have ^oine of Ifr. Cox's Yattendon mares., _ Th? admirers ol that good little' horse Quicksilver will legrst^to hear jfhathe died in India a few weeks agpy He had ,been sold for but in -. -"jit speedy notfн him for which he was em diseased liver, per"_, the effects thereof vt, had not shown foot i^^aS^d'&om; ie was suffering from he v#P(Ui teaming. Mr.Heniy PhiUif*ta&sutt;»iBied ft serious loss, a filly foal, which iiiad been dropped by Cynthia on the morning of <the 8th insfc, having been found dead shortly afterwaras. Cynthia is full aister -to Gqlasbrough and Robin Hood, and as her foal: was by Mari byrnong, it would have been a valuable one had it lived. .. . j By the steamers that have left for Sydney dtuing the week, several members of the Vic torian ting took their departure, and, in order to be present at TattersaJLl'a meeting several journeyed overland. . While at Cauifield on Saturday last, I saw a conple of very promising candidates for Manbynong Plate honours. They were Lohengrin and the Hamlet- Arapeile colt. Since I last saw them they have grown and improved the right way, and the gentleman who owns them should have A 'rare show of appropriating the neat two-year-old race if all goes well with his representatives. Lohen grin is bred the right vif, to make a racehorse, for he is HiyHaml&tfrom; House maid, the former's dam bein^j'by Stockwell from Marchioness, by Hdbanxne from Cin izelli by Touchstone ; white Housemaid is by Stockwell from Scrubbing £roah by Touch stone. This colt is a alashk^ fine youngster, with something of <She;|<nuo character as Chester, and helook* like hwmg. There iBa wear and tear appftamice'aboGt the Arapeile for his damiswater to'i^to Oomez ami Vaaoo di.Gama, «nd whenthroe years old I fancy this gentleman wilt heliard to beat in such races-as theCjhamniob Stakes and Tovn Plate. Jones has both ctiltaveiy forward, ; and no doubt the suppbci lately awarded to Lohengrin Waa^the waedt flf atetisfactcry spin. With and Avernaa and several othersthai put throta^h the mill in .Vhitorir. ihifi sefeson, mt sliorl;: be able to holdonr own the Maribymu^ , Plate. :? ?? -?;' i ' i- i Tuesday nextj'the aodi iust, h the day of! general entry for the Queensland Tin' Club1. Spring Meeting. * .. . } , Once more <w,Isoil 1 the attention' of stud- ' matsera to the Sires' Prcx'tfoe Hteiies that close duringthe "flut week, in September. They ara the : Qeeloti^ Iv&oing; Ciub. Tah uanian 'RMinr CSub Yieioila iUKjiTjg Club, w^hr)etpwr^tfw^vejy. on the and, jjtajir and Mi^ ^^ti will'jijceive n^Smwons bt aires' for theV,R.C.iuvi Tasnalnito kacin* (Sub;f eitdtof *tihist evaritrlWsew. are '*ddad;wid willi anythiiigSik& a aooil nomi .fttion aach«t«ke % £1,000 or «o». Fot jkhe V.KitX evftatm I wcpect to .levi^l; Victoria. &nd; aeve*al efittk wie«S Ke» Soatb Wates aud ,noru iittbedi^udnow Si»e eucSs siree a8 Horatio, South thelfei toidat,^ Vrill no' event, ^ "breiwers, Walei'fuKd eftrerHioTour cf f South f, S^ted, If .will be seen that. the,T.ft.C. event is open to youngsters that have now turned yearlings, and as the islanders will probably be on the lookout for eligible youngsters at our next yearling sales, breeders will study only their own interests by nominating their sires. From Sydney and Hawkesbury I hear good accounts of most of the horses at work upon the- respective training grounds. Mr. De Mestre is still at Hawkesbury and, no doubt will remain there until the H.R.C. meeting has been concluded. His horses are reported to be doing well, and Mikado still has plenty of admirers. At Randwick, Mr. Albert Cornwell has a strong team, of which Auckland andNapper Tandy seem to be most fancied for the good things that are ap proaching. Mr. Tait is treating Strathearn and K.C.B. to a splendid preparation, and hopes are entertained that the yellow and black will once more be seen in the van. Amendment is going on nicely, and so is the well-bred Thomar. Mr. T. Lamond has the Governor's two, Emily and Sir Andrew, in good form, and the filly I expect to see win more than one race this season. He Also has a two-year-old full sister to Emily in work, and a promising colt inFaublas, by Maribyrnong from Caress. Mr. Thomas Ivory has a very useful string, which include Macaroni, Lor ton, Vampire, Andover, Sweetmeat, and Speculum, the last-named two being brothers to Sterling. In addition to Democrat and' others, Mr. M. Fennelly has Habena's brother Gainsborough, a candidate for Maribynong Plate honours, and he will no doubt do them justice. The Sydney Cup winner is reported to have improved considerably since he appeared in public. I hear very favourable reports of Nerissa, who will be our only re presentative in the Metropolitan. I'm not surprised that the New South Welshmen expressed astonishment at the paucity of Victorian nominations, and it is to be hoped that this colony will not make such a miser able show when the A.J.C. next calls for entries. Without our horses, however, the sister colony can provide racing of the highest order, and I fully expect to see many interesting contests at Hawkesbury and Band wick. At the Agricultural Show, on Monday last, the thoroughbred sires did not include any of the best known stallions in the vicinity of the metropolis, but there were several young sires that are certain to make their mark at the stud, notably the imported brother to Pero Gomez, Vasco di Gama, who had a great number of admirers, aa also did the grand-looking Tubal Cain, whose presence nad a good effect, for some of the visitors were so taken up with him that his list was half filled before he left the ground. Mr. Crook's ohesnut son of Fireworks and Star light promises to fill out into a fine horse, and Wollamai deserves the attention of breeders. Of the Arabs, Mr. Learmonth's handsome grey, Foreigner, was the most admired, and judging from the satisfaction this son of the desert gave, I expect him to become very popular. Mr. Cox will hold another meeting at Kensington-park on Saturday, the 24th inst. The programme includes a Hurdle Race, Handicap Amateur Flat Race, Selling Race, Handicap*teeplechase, and Handicap Flat Race, entries for which will close at Mr. Cox's office, Kirk's Bazaar, at 5 p.m. on Monday next, the 19th inst There was a good attendance upon each day of the sale of horses at Kirk's Bazaar, and something approaching £100 was taken for the Melbourne HospitaL Buyers were scarce, however, though some of the draught horses Bold well enough; yet there seemed to be little or no desire to speculate in thoroughbreds, only a few of the large number submitted changing owners. Knight Errant was purchased by Mr. W. T. Cox, of Joyce's Creek, for 135 guineas, and Mr. Macbain secured Cceur de Leon for .150 guineas. Mr. John Keighran bought Phos Ehorus cheap enough at 40 guineas, and as e is by Kelpie from Calliope, a daughter of Yattendoii's dam, the blood should suit Mr. Keighran's mares, some of whom descend from the best strains of imported blood. The Painter, Wollomai, King Tom, and other good horses were passed in. I regret to say that Mr. Bagot has been confined to his room during the past few days, but he is now improving, and will pro bably be able to get about again shortly. By the steamship City of Melbourne, on Monday last, Messrs. Stevenson and Elliot shipped a very handsome brougham for Mr. A. K. Finlay, who intends to remain in Sydney for a few weeks. By the same vessel, Messrs. L. Forster and Son, of Post-office Place, despatched -a set of single and double harness for Mr. Finlay. Both the brougham and the harness were made in Melbourne by the shippers, and the style in which they have been turned out reflects considerable credit upon the manufacturers. I don't suppose there was ever a more popular cross-country horse than All Fours, whose wonderful jumping qualities have always been so much admired, and now that he has left the post for the paddock* I dare say he will be quite as popular -with those who are desirous of obtaining something after his own style. He is a son of Ace of Clubs, and on the dam's side descends from an imported Arab mare, so that his speed and stoutness are easily accounted for. Mr. W. E. Power, who purchased him a short time ago with a new of putting him to the stud, has determined to place him at the service of the public for the ensuing season, and he will stand at his Maffra estate, in Gipps Land, where the paddocks are of the beet; and as many good mares will certainly be sent to the good-looking dieanut, I've no doubt that Borne of his progeny will emulate the deeds of their father across country. 1 