COOMERA. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] April 16. What with the prospect of getting into rail- way communication with the northern coast districts of New South Wales, the success attending the starting of our embryo watering place, Southport, and the flourishing state of our crops, things are becoming quite exhilera- ting in this south-eastern nook of Queensland. For the latter blessing, turn we still to reverence the wisdom of old, which proclaimed "the seventh year to be a Sabbath of rest unto the land." For the late drought certainly gave rest to the land, and now we see the benefit in such prodigious after growth ; both on the pasture and on tillage. So, are not apparent evils but blessings in disguise. Poor Pimpama is somewhat in decadence from her palmy sugar days, for was she not a pioneer stream for the Logan and Albert in the saccharine line. But now some startling occur- rences may yet bring her notoriety, if not profit, among the sister waters, for has she not now in evidence (see local paper) the most startling snake story of the season, in which, not a deadly, but a poor harmlese carpet or Australian boa, takes the leading part. Now, horrors on horrors' head increase, for Pimpama has her certified ghost ! An old bushman, long in the district, and who cut his own existence short, after lying quietly for years in his grave, has at length taken to promenading his deserted homestead. The shades of eve were falling fast, When, as the lonely traveller passed, A headless trunk, a fearful sight ! Left the 'old hut to pace the night. On Easter Monday the Coomera will emulate the gondola matches of medieval Venice, by holding a regatta on the fine river reach below the township. NOT QUITE THE SAME THING.— Small Child (whose favourite Aunt is "engaged" ) ; "Grandma, where is Auntie May?" Grand- mamma : "She is sitting in the library with Captain Herbert, my dear." Small Child (after a moments thought) : "Grandma, couldn't you go and sit in the library with Captain Herbert, and Auntie May come and play with me?" — Punch. 