HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, August 20, THE INCOME AND PROPERTY TAX. Mr. DOWNER, in resuming the debate on ■this question, complained that the House had been treated, to an ad museum degree to. tha views of the Treasurer and the ex-treasurer. Personally he quite agreed with the proposal to tax the absentees and to readjust the incidence of taxation on a more equitable basis, but he altogether objected to the proposal of the Go vernment for raising revenue from other than the present sources to provide for the probable deficiency in the revenue. He did not believe in taxing the laboring classes heavier for the purpose of placing a sum in the hands of the Treasurer. There had gradually crept into being a vicious system of over-estimating the expenditure —(hear hear)—and year after year these mis takes in the same direction were gradually in creased, so that this false system was mten tionallv introduced or was the result of gross error and negligence. The unexpended balances were wrongly named, and the more correct term for them would be "Ministerial over-estimates." (Hear, hear, and laughter.) They were clearly not necessarily liabilities, nor were they ""it so. • When a contract was entered into with u third person there was a liability, or when a con stituency had spent money or made improve ments on the strength of a vote of the House for a public work, such as the Port Victor Break water, then they were liabilities. Assuming that he was incorrect in this conclusion, it was certain that for many past years there was always a large amount at the end of the year to be brought forward or otherwise. These balances were mutable quantities, and were • used by the Ministry for the time being to make the prospects of the colony look gloomy or shiny as best suited them. ... He would like to know how the Ministry expect to expend all the money they are asking for this year, when the Treasurer told the House that they could not possibly spend what they had last year, and that there was yet a balance of £44,000 in the Treasury, His belief was that there was no deficiency whatever, and that the present revenue of' the colony was quite equal to the expenditure. (Hear, hear.) When before his constituents he denounced the system of continuous borrowing, and_ said there must be taxation to pay off liabilities. That system of playing on the Land Fund was a most per nicious one, and as things were going on the millenium would arrive before the present ex penditure would be recouped. If the Treasurer wanted money to reduce the Customs tariff he would go with him, but if he wanted the money merely to have cash in hand to increase ex penditure then he would certainly oppose him. (Hear, hear.) TheTreasurer in his speech said he wanted taxation to make up £140,000 of aliability of £172,000. and if he was wanted to amend the Customs incidence he would require 200 per cent, more than the proposed tax of sixpence in the pound would realise. Either the Treasurer knew that his figures were wrong, and. that he has no deficiency, or his figures are right, and he is deceiving the House. It was treating \- members like silly children to tell them that he could make up his deficiency by raising £140,000 by taxation, while there would still be £30,000 left of that deficiency, and there would be no balance for Customs^ reform. If the Treasurer said he wanted eighteenpence instead of sixpence for Customs reform, then let him say so, and the House would treat him fairly, but it was high time that the Treasurer gave up his finessing, and spoke out openly and boldly as to what he intended to do. It was nonsense to ask the House to vote in the dark on a question of such great importance, and mem bers would not be doing their duty to the country if they passed this Bill and put money into the hands of the Ministry, unless they were told what the money was wanted for. (Hear, ■ hear.) He would go farther and say after the way in which the Treasurer had treated the House, members should not take anything on credit. There had been so much shifting about during the past fortnight, that members should be careful not to give heed to the promises of the Treasurer. "Why did the Treasurer tell his constituents at Encounter Bay that the colony was not ripe for taxation, and he did not mean to tax? In his address to his constituents, which appeared in the papers of March 26, giving the policy of the Government, he declared it was not their intention of touching the inci dence of taxation during the present session, and said the revenue was in a flourishing condition, and in the event of taxation being re quired, it would take a form similar to that which he introduced before, namely, the Stamps Bill. And yet in his Budget Speech of July 30 the Treasurer came down with a defi nite proposition for an income and property tax; and after the faults and weakness of his scheme had been pointed out he introduced clause A without explanation, and his statement that he meantthis clause all along could not be accepted by members, and the House had been badly used by that gentleman. (Hear, hear.) The Trea surer was either mistaken all along, or he had treated the House with absolute discourtesy, and he had not behaved in a way to induce the House to give him its confidence. As to the question of whether an income tax was necessary or not he would iiotthen discuss, but he would merely say that a property tax was preferable. Mr. ROSS rose in explanation, and said he "had always spoken of unexpended liabilities in the sense that they were accepted by the House of Commons. The TREASURER said.Mr. Downer did not do him justice at the end of his speech. It was not fair to say that he (the Treasurer) had been discussing his differences with the ex-Treasurer usque ad nauseam, and then to say that he had not replied to that hon. member. The two things could not be accurate. It was not fair either to say that his (the Treasurer's) word could not be taken, and as a gentleman and member of a learned profession he was not doing himself justice in making such a state ment. He (the Treasurer) had purposely re frained from occupying the time of the House in making explanations that would be given in the ordinary course of debate, and he said it was impossible for any man to give accurate details" of everything involved in the pro posal ..for a property and income tax until they got into Committee of Ways and Means. He denied that he had altered his policy, but would not be ashamed to say so if he had, because it was better that he should amend his policy on a matter of taxation tlian that it should be put before them in a de fective manner. Every principle of the present Bill was considered by his colleagues and him self in Cabinet. He denied the imputations that had been cast upon him, and said they were extremely unfair and uncalled for. If Mr. Glyde was desirous of assisting the Government I to amend the Customs tariff, his amendment was unfair, because if be was Treasurer he could not do what he was proposing—to put on taxa tion and relieve Customs at the same time. (Mr. jjoss_^« Sir Robert Peel did it") So would he if the whole House wished it, and if there was as strong a party at his back as Sir Robert Peel had, but the two things could not be done together while there were party tactics and a strong opposition at work. If hon. members wished to assure a revision of the tariff before the income and property tax was put on that could be done by a Bill, but could not be done simultaneously with tbe_ property tax. He did not say that he would bring in a Cus toms revision in a fortnight; what he did say was that if the House would carry the property tax in a fortnight he would deal with the Cus toms revision during the session; but he would not deal with it if the property tax were not passed till near the end of the session. He was sure Mr. Glyde, who was in honorable opposi tion to the Ministry (Mr. Glyde—" No, no.") Oh, yes, he was in opposition—the triton among the minnows. (Loud laughter.) But he would not be able to show how to take £100,000 off the revenue by reforming the Customs tariff with out pointing out how the amount could be put on. He hoped Mr. Glyde's amendment would be rejected, and that" this question would be discussed fairly and without party spirit. Mr. WARD said if he could agree with the policy of the Ministry he would vote for it; but he did-not agree with it and must oppose it, although he would not be able to support the amendment of Mr. Glyde. He would propose another amendment, namely—" That additional taxation was unnecessary, but that certain Cus toms duties should be abolished, and that the deficiency be made up by- a tax on property." -He deprecated the proposal of the Government to tax incomes over £200 a year, and to ask the House to vote for the tax being imposed before stating how the Customs revenue would be re lieved. He said the Commissioner of Crown Lands had muddied his brains by studying the obsolete works of Adam Smith and the rheo retieal writings of Stuart Mill (which could not apply to the colonies), and had managed also to muddle the brains of his colleagues. (Oh, oh, and laughter.) lie would not go into figures, but endor.l those which were given by the ex-Treasurer, Mr. Eoss. He said with regard to Customs duties that the South Australian ports must be made as free as possible. The Treasurer was not rieht when he proposed the Stamps Bui m 1875 which would have realised £30,000 whereas at the end of that year there was a credit balance of £60,000, so that the £30,000 was not required, and the present proposal for taxation was equally unnecessary. He con tended that in the last four years the expendi ture had only gone up £416,000, while the revenue had also gone up £400,000,so that there was only an actual difference on the deficit side of £16,000. He defended the financial policy of the previous Government, and said had their land and railway proposals been carried out there would have been no deficiency in the revenue. He admitted that Government was intended to protect life and property, but the man who had property as well aB his life should pay something for the protection that was afforded his pro perty. A property tax was reasonable and right, but not an income tax—upon incomes that were derived from industry, and industry only. This tax should not be put on until every other devisable ^eans of raising revenue bad been exhausted. The propertied classes should be taxed more to bring them on a level with, what was paid by the laboring classes. He urged Mr. Glydeto withdraw his amendment m favor of that which he (Mr. "Ward) proposed. He said his proposal was to take off the Customs duties first, and then recoup the revenue by a ^The^REASTJBER pointed out the danger of taking off the Customs duties before a property tax was passed. . Mr. COOKE referred to the questions in dis pute between the Treasurer and Mr. Eoss, and then dealt with what he contended were mis representations and misunderstandings of his previous arguments. He maintained that from the revenue in the past we would be justified m expecting an increase of 60 per cent, next year, and that the Auditor-General's returns as to expenditure showed that there was hardly any difference between our revenue and expenditure—not more than 1 per cent, at most. Alluding to the proposed taxa tion, he argued that , property was not paying its fair share towards the revenue, but he was strongly opposed to an income tax, having seen its vexatiousness and uusatisfacfcoriness in ElMr JPAESONS said ifcwas generally supposed that a financial discussion in which long strings of figures and voluminous appendices were em ployed must necessarily be a dull and serious business. They had found, however, that while there had not been wanting tragic touches and tangled thickets of contradictory figures the de bates upon the Treasurer's Budget had fairly bristled with comic situations. The present Treasurer had come on the stage like the ghost of Hamlet's father, and unfolded such a dismal tale that though he had not seen any lion, members' particular hair stand on end the expression of blank dismay on more than one face clearly indicated the belief that if the Treasurer were not forbid by his own wonderful acumen to tell all the secrets he knew the colony would be proved to he on the high road to the dogs. (Laughter.) Subsequently the learned Premier had appeared in the character of a magician, who by a dexterous movement—a "Heigh presto—open sesame — had changed an income tax into a property tax, and plunged all the mercantile community into a state of profound puzzlement as to whether he was goiDg to touch the tariff this year or not. (Laughter.) And whatever the House might think of the method every hon. member must agree it had been a very wonderful performance. It had left the House and the country enquir ing ""Well, where are wo now, and what will happen next?" Then they had had the ex-Treasurer, who had proved a very Shylock (laughter) — and demanded his pounds in these unexpended balances with a rigor and mercilessness that had been most moving. But since the House had got into Ways and Means the ex-Treasurer had reminded him of one of the heroes of the nursery. Hon. mem bers would no donbt remember him. Hemeant the man of Thessaly; and they would remember the rhyme— " There was a man of Thessaly, And he was wondrous wise, He jumped iuto a thickset hedge, And scratched out both his eyes." (Laughter.) Now the Hon. Treasurer had fenced himself about with apnendix upon appendix—not only from A to Z, hut from A to QQ— (laughter) — and into that fence the hon. member for Wallaroo had jumped so often that if he had not lost his eyes he had certainly impaired his vision—(oh, and laughter)— because he could not see that he and the Treasurer were looking at different sides of the same shield. Then they had an ex-ex ex-Treasurer, the hon. member for Victoria— who without being wounded had cried like another Mercutio, " I am peppered I warrant. A plague o' both your Houses; braggarts that fight by the book of arithmetic. You're both wrong, and you're both equally wrong, and I divide the wrong equally between you." (Laughter.) Besides the dauntless^ three several financial luminaries had shed their light upon the Treasury chest and the public accounts, and the "unexpended b^ances" bad been explained in so many different ways, and the words had been used so many times, that the House had suffered from a horrible nightmare, and most members, be expected, finding the more they listened the more befogged they became, had tried by their own lights to get some intelligible idea of the situation. (Laughter.) Among the rest he had tried, and though he made no profession to be great at accounts he had come to his own conclusion, and the conclusion he had come to was this—it had been the custom of the House to vote money for certain works, which the House knew very well when it was voting it would nob all be spent during the current financial year. _ When the year closed the balance, whatever it might be, was a charge against the Tevenue tor the next year, unless the House resolved that it should not be spent, or the Treasurer for the time being should think fit to strike it out in lumps of £88,554, . as the present Treasurer had done, because he had "felt it necessary not to expend and not to carry it forward." He confessed, therefore, to his mind—or what he was pleased*- to call his mind—(laughter)—there was nothing so very mysterious, dreadful, or alarming about these unexpended balances. The last Parliament during last session authorised an expenditure open the Estimates of £1,650,168,, aud the Government had spent £1,532,019, so that the actual expenditure had been less than the authorised expenditure by £118,148. With a stroke of his pen the Treasurer annihilate I £88,554. He presumed he had been able to buy or build some things cheaper than the House ex pected,and some others he decided the country did not want. The Treasurer said he absorbed it. That he did not think was an accurate way of putting it. He abolished it. He wiped it out. He got rid of it.. The remaining £192,324 repre sented miscellaneous items 278 in number which were set forth with painful minuteness in Appendix F. The practical effect—the real bona fide fact was'this-that past Parliaments, with a full and clear knowledge that they were voting money Borne portion of which they knew would not be spent in the current year, had an ticipated the future and deprived the House of the pleasure of voting £192,324, but which if they had that pleasure they should vote in pre cisely'the same way as their predecessors voted it. Haxing got that length' he looked further into figures to see if they were in, such a deplorable case as some of the strong language that had - been used would seeem to imply. The hon. member for Victoria, with a jocularity and levity which no honest and serious-minded debtor ever dis played -(laughter)—said,"wewerejpresentat a meeting of creditors," hut he didu't indicate who was the debtor, unless he meant to make the Treasurer pay 10s. in the pound out of his own pocket and the rest of them the other 10s. between them. (Renewed laughter.) Well, when he looked he found what certainly restored his shattered nerves. He found the Treasurer began the last financial year with £75,521. The actual revenue was £1,501,405; so that they bad to spend £1,576,927, but theyonly spent £1,532,019, and they had £44,907 cash in hand. Of course they had to execute the orders of their predecessors, and he supposed to some ex tent pay for some of the goods received, and work done last yaar, just as their successors would have to execute their orders and pay for some of the goods and work that would be done this year, if the public accounts continued to be kept in the same way. The accounts were cer tainly worthy of Revision and alteration. (Hear, hear.) Their transports therefore in' the matter of voting must moderate to the extent of the £192,324, and if they were wise they should not vote what they could not spend, always bearing in mind that the Government spent all they could last year, and then had £44,907 in hand which they could not spend withoutentering into ruinous- and mad competition- with' outside people — to use the Treasurer's phrase—and if every penny of the £192,324 was spent'he would have to spend £1,505)260. That was more- than a million and a half, which was a very handsome sum for a-commu nity of less than a quarter of a million, and v. .vs more than £6 per head of the population, apart altogether from the expenditure on loans. And he thought while- we would have to face the- in creased interest for loans, we might on the other hard fairly expect that with the development of our resources and the expansion of trade—though we might not make great leaps and bounds—there would he an increase in our revenue-approxi mating to the expenditure necessary. And in view of- this he thought there had-been a. good deal of very gratuitous crying "Wolf, wolf," and rather too much reciting of " Over the hill to the poorhouse." The Treasurer said he wished to have a clean balance- sheet at the end of the year. It was to meet his estimated deficiency and to- secure a lean balance-sheet at the close of the finan cial year that he proposed additional, taxation. That was the simple fact. It was not to make those pay who ought to have paid years go; it was not to relieve those who had been paying and; were now paying more_ than they ought;, it was not to adjust the bearing of taxa tion, so that the burdens of the State might be equitably distributed; but it was to provide for this estimated deficiency. The Treasurer won" 1 admit that he was not doing him.injustice, lt.-j had re-raad carefully his manifesto to the elec tors of Encounter Bay. In that manifesto he said—"I admit that the incidence of taxation bears unequally on the different classes of the community;" but "I think it will be unde sirable to propose any additional taxation during the next session," because of the anticipated Customs Union and disturbance to trade. He had also re-read the portion of his speech at Goolwa which bore upon this subject. In that speech the Treasurer said—"I recognise the unfairness of taxation in making the working man pay too much and the propertied class too little, as at present." (The Treasurer— "Hear, hear.") But he had said before—"I will not propose taxation this session unless \t he absolutely necessary." He wished to empha sise this point, because one of his main reasons for supporting the Hon. L. Glyde was that he felt strongly that it was monstrous to impose any further taxation on those who already paid too much, even though we made those pay who had paid too little, and because there was no way of lessening the unfair burdens which were borne except through the Custom House. He regretted that, confessing the in justice that exists and acknowledging the injus tice of the claims of those who were dispropor tionately taxed, the Treasurer had not on h:_ h grounds of statemanship and as the people's leader come down to the House and said— " It is more important to undo a wrong th;m to do a right. I will make the proper classes pay, but I will at the _ same time and at once lessen and lighten the demand on the unpropertied. It would have greatly simpified the work of the House, and it would have greatly strengthened the position of the Government, if that principle had been adhered to. But it had not. They were asked to impose fresh taxation first, and to he content with a promise that if they did this within a fortnight—an utterly impossible thing to do— the incidence of taxation would be adjusted. He was not willing to do this, and wished to explain why. He maintained that it was the duty of the State to make the burdens of the State az light as possible upon those who were compelled to spend nearly all they earned in providing food and clothing and shelter for themselves and those who were dependent upon them. (Hear, hear.) He would not appeal to authorities for support for those propositions, though they could be quoted by the page. It had the sanction of common sense. It was a first principle of natural justice. It was an absolute necessity of a contented commonwealth. (Hear, hear.) Now in South Australia as in every other community there was a large class who had to live from hand to mouth. They were without property. They had no means except what they earned by toil of brain and hand, and the amount they earned was only sufficient to satisfy the reasonable—very reason able requirements of a moderately comfortable life. They, lived where the struggle for exis tence was every day's business, and where the loss of health or hard times involved the loss of income. (Cheers.) The class he referred to included all laborers and craftsmen; but these were not all, nor were they those whose claims he wished specially to bring before the House. The working man had an army of friends, of whom he claimed to be one. But he was think ing not of the men who wore moleskin, but of the men who wore threadbare broadcloth, or perhaps "shoddy"—(hear, hear) — the Civil servants in all except the upper grades, the clerks and assistants in trade and com merce, the men who lived in houses from £40 to £70 a year, and on whom there was im posed by special custom an expenditure which left a very narrow margin for laying anything by for a rainy day. He hoped he would not be taunted with being a doctrinaire or charged with sentimentality because he stated these truisms. There were times when they should strike below the details, and deal with the prin ciples of political economy. (Hear, hear.) They were sent there not only to represent the people hut to inform the public mind. They must remember that Governments existed for Parliaments and Parliaments existed for peoples—(hear, hear)—and the first duty of Parliaments and Governments was to care for all, and to protect the poor and the ignorant from oppression. Whether he was right or wrong he maintained that the system and the scale of taxation in this colony at present and for some years past had been relatively oppres sive on those who had small incomes. (Hear, hear.) The Custom-House had been and now was a great engine of extortion. While the town acres of the absentee or the speculator, and the country acres of the wealthy land owner had been receiving an annual increment of value, and in some cases multiplying that value by hundreds and hundreds per cent., by roads, and railways, and public works, the absen tee, the speculator and the landowner had been allowed to go comparatively free. Except on the dainties and luxuries of life the man with £25,000 a year had been paying to the cost of Government no more than the man with £250, because the staple commodities, the common necessaries of the table were consumed in equal quantities by rich and poor alike. No man drank more tea or coffee or used more potatoes or rice because he counted his income by thou sands. (Hear, hear.) No man used less because his day's wage was reckoned by shillings. The cottager's bit of drugget paid the same rate of duty as the millionaire's velvet pile car pet, and the shepherd's billycock hat the same as the squatter's belltopper. And if he was told that the large employer of labor paid duties on the rations he supplied, he must reply that those duties were really paid by the worker, whose wage was simply so much less. (Hear, hear.) He wanted the working classes and the people with small means to understand what they contributed to the Treasury 'chest, and he wished' to show how inequitable it was that any fresh taxation should be laid upon persons with £250 a year. Nearly all wearing apparel except piece goods, iron mongery, wood ware, glassware, stationery, every little nicnac and fancy articles paid equal to 11 per cent, on the prime cost, and before it came into the hands of the housewife had an • im porter's and shopkeeper's profit upon that duty, which might be reckoned at 25 per cent. each. (No.) Certainly that was the case for all luxuries. On articles of food and for domestic use a friend of his, a manager in a mercantile house, had compiled for him a list, which he would venture to- read to the House:—8 to 15 per cent., sngar, according to quality and highest rate upon the cheapest; 10 per cent on potatoes; 14percent., candles, farinaceous food, salad-oil; 17 per cent., arrowroot, blue, red herrings, pickles ; 20 per cent., rice, bottled vinegar, corn flour, fresh herrings, mustard; 20 to 40 per cent., tea, according to quality and the highest rate upon the lowest price; 35 per cent,, Jamaica ginger, coffee (green), soda; 30 per cent., dried fish, kerosene, white pepper, starch; 85 per cent., raisins car roway seeds; 50 per cent., sago, black pepper; 60 per cent, salt, bulk vinegar, pearl barley, African ginger; 75 per cent., split peas; 85 per cent.,currants; 150 per cent., chicory, which was a necessary constituent of every good enp of coffee. (Mr. Hare—"No," and laughter.) Hon. members might say no, but judges of coffee would tell them that chicory was an essential constituent of a good cup of coffee. Chicory, as he had said paid duty at the rate of 150 per cent, on its prime cost. He might enlarge upon that list but these items were sufficient to show how the man with a weekly wage and a small income-were " got at" by the Custom-House, and how mon strously iniquitous the incidence of' taxation was. (Hear, hear.) He asked hon. members to hear in mind that upon the duties upon most of these articles there had to be added an im porter's, a merchant's, and a storekeeper's profit to cover the nse of the money which was paid when the goods were cleared; and every hon. member and every enstomer of the draper and the grocer, ironmonger, and stationer knew how large an item in his expenditure the combined bills amounted to. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MAGAREY, in reviewing the financial position, spoke favorably of the policy of the previous Government. He- said if the public works policy of the • present' Govern ment were carried out taxation;. and heavy taxation too, would be - a necessity. He did not believe in duplicating, railways and making them within a few miles of the coast, and in • places that were already drained by the rail. He could not support an income-tax, which would be taxing the- legitimate energy of the country, but he would support a-property-tax, and deal with the- deficit at once; then the • property-tax (with unfavorable season) would only be required ror a short period. A reason able land-tax would.be a judicious thing and a benefit to the country. He would oppose Mr. Glyde's amendment,- and would assist the Go vent to some extent • in obtaining a property? tax. The House then resuumed, and the Com? mittee obtained leave to sit- again on Thursday. At 6,15 the House adjourned? till MTednes-. day. 