Ooroomoolia. AN AUSTRALIAN FAIRY STORY. BY DONALD CAMERON. Author of "Scripopolis," " Silverwater Bend," etc., etc. DEAR C HILDREN.- I can see you all on this pleasant Christmas afternoon. The elders are playing cricket on the parched open the younger are romping under the shade of the gum trees, or slumbering on the grans, fearless of the slimy snake that may be coiled, not far off. And the gluttons of the flock, who have partaken too much of the tempting tart, or the dyspeptic plum- pudding, recline in idleness, like young boa-coii strictors, who must hybernate a bit before they are able to frisk about.. Well, dear boys and girls, it is too warm to exert oneself on such a day, and, therefore, come and gather around me, .your innocent faces all wonderment, and listen to a pleasant fairy tale, all about Australia, and with none of those terrible ghosts and phantoms with which your oousins in England are now being regaled, while s eoatod round the roaring fire listening to Grannie's tales, " Afraid to wbispor for the fear Of something terrible and near" It wasn't many years, ago when Harry Smith gave up city life ,and took up a selection. in a wild part of the country where the soil was good, the water plentiful, and the forest deep. A great brawny man was Harry, huge of limb, kind of heart, strong of muscle, just the kind of man we want in this new land. And he had a loving, hard-working wife. who made the journey of life pleasant to him, and two handsome children, "Willie and Bessie, who wore ten and eight years of age. Their parents loved them, and of an evening, when the work of grubbing and ploughing was over, and the clearing fires burned brilliantly, husbnnd and wife sat in their hut and taught their children whatever they knew themselves in the knowledge of this world, and reverently interpreted to them the teachings of that sacred book which should be a guide and a lamp to our feet. And a bright, peaceful life these good people led. "Willie and Bessie never tired of roam ing in the forests, searching for flowers andl ferns, seeking in vain to catch a glimpse of the melodious bell-bird, whose glorious song, heard in the recesses of the wood, of ta-ta-ta-ta- ye-wattee, was like a siren voice to them, now having a vision of the strange lyre bird, then catching sight of the swift kangaroo, as it bounded by, or looking for the nests of the rosellas and cocka toos- .In their wanderinks:! they; .'had droppod ? aoroes mmny windfalle anil pioked up several peU. .There wae Mag, the roagpie, whose exieteuco , was epent in a oyau of curio.ity. alternutely pluck ing up young plants by the roots to see how they jjrew, ?'>a biding every thing that she .thought valuable, from a pin to a big apoon. It was th? children ? opinion that no creaturo in the world could oock an eye and turn. a. head so shrewdly as Mag. Thoy found her a feathorless, disreputable-looking nest ling, .: just: fallen put of tho nest .one fidnv day, and brought hor homo,. she becoming thoir.flnit pet. Mag- had-been taught some naughty worJs by the: man Harry employed occasionally to help him but -several douses of cold water bad oured her of the failing, and ?lmwa? careful never to indulge in tho prohibited lingo except when at a safe distance,'and when engaged in encounters iwith pre datory crows,- who?e thefts Mag cordi ally hated, though herself the-biggest thief that ever walked upon two legs. But Man, no doubt, .resombled some, servants, who sorupl?-not to rob their maHter, but who fly into a > terrible nige if others poach upon their preserves. Noxt to Mag was Cocky, , tho cockatoo, and betwoen the two no lovo was lost, though each united in common warfare" atraiust poor Tibby, the tortoiaeshell oat. These two would wamh puss until ithey saw her etretuh herself on tho . doorstep, in tho eun, to have, a nnp, and then both would peck at her, and fly off: to thu palinps and shriek with delight. Cocky w?s tho drollost of all birds, and went about imploring ovoryono to scratch, his poll. Occasionally hi would wander iwny, and, aftor an absence of v day or two return considerably damaged. .Ho would bo very silont and sad for a while,, and would mope on his porch, occasionally ejaculating, with much fervour, ." Poor Cooky.'" In addition to these pets thoro were fowle, doge, parrots, from tho pliiin but intelligent rosolla . to. tbo eorceoue but dumb king-pnrrot; a native bear, who slept all day,'- aud ; two uniquo creatures, Joey the kangaroo, and Pipit the. kangaroo rut. Jooy' was a dear, quiet thing, with'great,.inUd eyes, ?ivho followed tho children everywhere, and over whom Rover, the intelligent colloy, kept-watch, whilo-Pipitihad to bo kept in a box, and great wag. tho diversion ho gave. ? Ho \vas fed on broad and milk; and it would mako ; tho most, surly mortal laugh to, sco him sittip'on his hind paws and wnsh his-faoe-with his paws as daintily as a lady." : " ?' '_ i/ : Woll, I daro say you are' asking -nrhoro is the fairy. "Well, childron, learn;to'be patient. I wanted to show; you how happy "Wilh'o and Bessio wore, and how naughty it was of thorn, to beoomo discontented with their lot.'' This is how they became discontented.- They/woro novor allowed to enter a dense wood at tho back of tho hut. This wood ?cised.quito an infatuation over thfem. Oα dark nights they stood at tho back, door and luoked out.into its gloomy receseoe, and wondered what , eroatures; madp. thoir abodo' ip it. ' Qn moonlit nights thoy watched tho. strange mingling of light and shadow, tho waviug of tho branches, and shudder.od. as they listened lo.th'o dcop sighs of tbo -breozo as it passed through, tho .." mopoko; liiopoke," bf;tho night-ojrl, tho sharp ory of the dingo, and themournful w"?il of the curlew. In daytime, ? especially in summer, how pleasant eeomed its cool recoesos.'. And, : yot, I -warrant tnuoh, of its charm was owing to its being for biddon to them. ? They inhoritod Evb's failing;' ? - ~; ' r : .' '? ' l Ono day thoir paronts woro' burning off rubbish on tho land olearod, ' for... tho plough, and tho two wore sitting alono under a tree, with their peta all-around' them—Cocky engacod in an ehcountor with tho cat,- and : Maggio industriously hiding pobbles,'. undor tho impression, perhaps, that they, woro diamonds. J \ " Couldn't we just go h 'ittlo bit in f" queried Bo.?sie, 'lifting 1 nor <>nn-brownod faco to "Willies in a pleading way.' Oh ! wonian, ever' sinco EvO, tho tempter. '' ' ! : "No, Bessie," said "Willie, " wo can t- Fathor says he'll boat us if wo do,, and mother says tho blacU?'ll kill us. And you know that Nanny, the'old giii, said that the Groat Tree Spirit, Ooroqmqoha,' lived in there."- ' ' ?;?;?? "Oh," said Bessio, with agrtat show ?of shrewdness; " I don't beliovo what they said. ' You know mother told us there was poison in those.bottles father brought froin-'fown, but it was.syrup." "And didn't'wo , get properly lickpd for trying it f askisi'Wiliib: '; ,: .' ,: ';!" '?*? "Yes; brut thoy Svon't fliid us ,out this time," urged Bossie.'- ,I .' They /wont; come home till the eon ie going down.' i -Now,:if Willie bad been very strong on the. point, I daresay b<. would not have tivea.in to Bessie; but he wasu t; he was fust mi- ager uliu sister, only be didn t like to thow it.. Selflsh fellow, like Adam,, he. thought if anything wrong camo of it, ixndtheescapade was discovered, he woula ho 'able, an Adrnn did, ;; to throw, the blame on the girL And so, after, a little further argument, he' gave in, and pre tended to follow her relnotantly, when in reality he ,wbb as eager as herself, i It ?v a still, hot day; no wind blow, no cloud dimmed the,deep blue eky or its golden horizon;, and yet the warmth was not oppressive, for the heat was dry; i?nd there wu no niiaeina or moisture in the uir, which was cleiir and pleasant to breittbo, though attenuated. In tho forest there wue adoep. shade, a pleasant silence, a groat souse of rest. .The' birds bad taken to khelter in the thick foliage of tho cherry; and apple trees,; and tho iioi?y voice's of the magpies, cockatoos, and other loquacious- habitants, of the wood were silenced. ,, Thooioada sang, it U true,, biit with a nubdiied chirp that soerned to ' inuko a part of the silence. Only now. and , then the swoet'notes of 'of the.bell-bird.ewelJod upon tho air, and its oorial melody enchanted the ear. I The children wandered on through the Wood imnd in band", looking out for the wonders which they expected to-find thoro. But there carae nothing.' . No o"-ro peopod out from behind a i!?k?ngaroo-rat, disturbed in: ita nest, jumped up before them. No old crono, on child's fleuh intent, hobbled up—only k groat blaok snake, that lay. on the path, uncoiled itself and rijjpled' away through the grass—that,-1 think, is.thu best term to use for tho movomont of a i . It was refreshing for the children to come to a small watoroourso that ran through the wood, cheerily singing as.it niiexod ovor the pebbles and stones. ?? Tho day was so warm;that Willie at once proposed what is known in tho country as a ,".boffio,".that is a biith iv the limpid etreanj.and ho bad half undressed, when, bn tho other side of the little rill,: he buhold a graceful Jiziird basking in tbo sun. Buroly never hud gem suoh colours, for as tho sunbeams dunoed over it, blue, gold, green, flushed, out dazzlingly. Uossie peered over Willies shoulder, aud ?Willie was working up his courage to grasp the pretty thing, when, presto ! ? it feeeinod to fade, and in its place arose a blue-winged butterfly. The children biidrio hesitation in running after this airy croatur'e, and, heedless that they \yoro-biiro-footod mid in dishabille, off theY : started to twitch tho lovoly thinly. Tho'chaso was not long, for thebutterfly alighted on tho Erase, and in its plaeo appeared" a beautiful parasol flower, 'richlycrimsonodlThe children werenbout to seize this it vanished, and_ there was only a dry fuzzyhead, ns'n kind of daisy-like flowor is called, the soeds of -wliioh aro contained in a fu2zy kind of head. '"' ' ?'' ;".? ' ? ?: ,?? ?' . ' '"I -wondor whpro tho protty. thing's gone ?" quoriod Willio. '.".'.??., '??'?>? Where all Fancy's children go," said a; dbep voico;"' and, turning round in affright, they , saw a tall, black man, who was watching' them with a. venomous look.' ' " I was.the lizard, the butterfly, , the flower.' Tβ are like older ohildron, ye ; fly after what' is pretty and bright, iind j leave' solidity and safoty behind. : Under that guiso. I lured you into my dominions, and.yo l are now niine, mino." " But you must set thorn tho task,?' snid anpthor voiop, and, looking round, the childronsaw a jsjoldon-haired lady, wonderfully resembling a wattle-tree in blossom, : - if it had features ' and form. ,",I claim'them as mine, tho children of tho'wattlo blossom." '~.". ; The ? boy and girl now saw that the black man vastly. resembled an iron bark-trep.-.. ':: ' . ' ~' ,' ' "?' "N6ttill : they'do the task," rotortod tho Spirit of.tho Iroti'Troo.' , The'children looked with astonish ment around thorn.' Evprytroo, shrub and plant, appeared to have become"ani mated, cbcli a human type of the species. The :gracoful niyall danced in the suri shih>, tbo sombre she-oak drooped;like a 'mournor, tho giiarled red-gum soeruod an ! . old,' tootlilese, rickety- beldame. The larger' trees seemed ogres, .eager to devour, and the'smaller cowered at their glances,' save .';. the wattle, who stood guard oVor tho children. .' '.']?' ??'Tho- task,'.tlitin, the task!!' cried the Wattle, Spirit, with a wavo of her ] hand, Which diffused a. wonderful,.fra granco. '" "'.'?' "'"'" '?.".'." ".?? ?"It is, , '- iiriod,thb Spirit,of the'lron Tro6,V;"'that" thoy will fetch rue the "clioicdstr thing in this wood within two hour's.;' '.'?.?;.'.' V* '"".-' ??' ;Th'o>v>attlo soomod to pity the children, but appeared pbwerlesa'tp'help'thdm; ! kud'so ,tho\pbor' littfo. thirigi had V.to go .their way: /\yha£ could" bo" the most; i^ijoeipue;thlngVjthey < i lt;j^w'',;iio i t;.'.'"WflHe r 'j thought it was gold, and looked for grains of the precious metal; Bessie fancied it was the loveliest flower. Long they wandered, until the sun sank behind tho hills and tho glorious light of the moon fell upon the wood, creating lighta . and shadows marvellously beautiful. Tho children were about throwing thomselvcs down in despair, when the treea again changed, and there' were tho iron-tree and the wattle! .' " VTell," cried the Spirit of the Irori- Troe,'' have you found tho choicest thing in the forest r" ? 'i Tho wattle seemed in great - pain as' sho.watohed theanswer. ?? ' i "We have not found it," said Willie, looking-up with honest eyes. ! Tbo Iron-Tree gavo a great sigh, as When a storm passes through its branches, and became at once a tree, and nothing more, as did'the others, savo the wattle. I " Yes, you have, children," she said. With a benignant smile. " The choicest thing in this wood is tho truth." I "They are here—they are here!" cried Harry. Smith,-bounding to the side bf the little stroam where Rovor was barking joyously at two sleeping forms cuddled Up in each other's arms. " I knew tho dog was right-." I " Heaven bo praised I" cried his wife, her faoe illuminated with joy, as tho moonlight streamed upon it. And she kissed them, until thoy awoke. ! ?" Oh, father," cried Bessie, "we have seou ogres, and giants, and fairios, and the treo Ooroomoolia.". I " And what did they teach you, sweet one f" he asked, as he clasped her to his breast and made for homo. : " That tho choicest thing in the wood vtks truth, fathor," replied Bessie. i "Then, child, they wore from Heaven, for tho choicest thing—not only in this forest, hut in, tho world—is Truth I" 1 - ???' ?' ?'?? .:? \ ; ??-??-???::,'..-?-? ' :???*ssss:?? , Tub Jtjst.. mtd- the TTHJrraT r ~!nui good manOslaminoth tbo e&te; bis heart is without guile and he feartth not the grievous words of bia wife ; but tho naughty man shutoth tho gate softly, and.Btoalath upstairs in hie stock ing foot, and stu?lblelh over the rooking ? bhair,' and the last condition of that man is worso than tho liret. Thoy ?v?- a boiiutful lizard. 