ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, MARCH 1), 1878. THERE is much sound reasoning in the article from the London Times, reprinted in another column. The writer, it must be conceded, is perfectly impartial, and does not for one moment contend that the responsibility for the state of affairs in Victoria must be all saddled upon one party. He does not uphold the Legisla- tive Council for provoking the quarrel by refusing to sanction payment of members ; nor does he give Mr. Berry credit for acting wisely or diplomatically. The advocates of the Legislative Council in Victoria are not quite satisfied with the Times' conclusions , and they declare that the article must have been written upon imperfect information. The excuse for the Council's proceeding is alleged to be the cohesion attempted by the Ministry. The writer in the Times does not notice this, but we doubt if he would accept it as a justification. The mem- bers of the Legislative Council, knowing their own strength, and convinced that their rights under the Constitution could not be abrogated without their own con- sent, should have treated the threats of Mr. Berry and his followers with con- tempt. The very fact that the Government so far receded from their position as to introduce a temporary . payment of members bill at the eleventh hour, should have been treated as a concession, which it really was, although made with the worst possible grace. There was quite too much temper imported into the conten- tion on both sides ; but the public of Victoria, and also of the adjoining colo- nies, were entitled to expect a better exhibition from the representalives of the upper ten thousand than was displayed by thc Legislative Council. The oppo- nents of payment of members declare that the opinion of the constituencies has never been taken on that question; but no such opinion could be obtained unless by thc unconstitutional expedient of a. plebiscituin. Sir James M'CuIloch ap- pealed to the constituencies last year, and his Government was well known to be opposed to payment of members. The then Opposition, headed by Mr. Berry, were equally well known to be favourable to that practice. It may be true that the question was obscured by others deemed more important ; but the same difficulty would be encountered were another appeal to be made now. The Berry party would declare the real question to be, whether the representa- tives of the people or the "curled darlings of the aristocracy" should rule the colony, and they would allege that payment of members was a mere sub- sidiary question. Knowing how im- possible it has repeatedly proved to take the opinion of the country directly upon any great question, we can see no ground for assuming that a general election would elicit a decisive verdict upon payment of members. If this be the case, the demand of the Legislative Council for a dissolution before sanctioning the continuance of payment, must be held to be unreason- able; and, as a consequence, the con- cession made by Mr Berry, under which payment was to expire with the existing Assembly, must be regarded as a suffi- cient one. The present House was elected under ' the payment system ; Ministers have much more than a work- ing majority at their back ; and the Legislative Council have no moral right to require a special appeal to the country before sanctioning the perpetuation of an existing law. Thus, on the principle that the man who strikes the first blow is held to have committed the assault, the Legislative Council of Victoria must be convicted of having provoked the calami- tous deadlock which now afflicts that colony. And the verdict must he repeated in the matter of Mr, Lyell's compromise, if the terms were as stated by our telegraphs: correspondent, viz., that, on the condition that the Council agreed to pass the Payment of Members Bill, Ministers would withdraw the objectionable item from the Appropria- tion Bill. No doubt the Council, arguing that all the Berry faction want would be conceded by such a com- promise, rejected it because it had not the basis of reciprocity. But it pro- vided a bridge over which the Council might have passed to a tenable position, and as such should have been taken advantage of. The mission of Sir Brian O'Loghlen is not likely to be attended with direct success. The constitution of Victoria is established by an Act passed by the Legislature of the colony,, and merely received the assent of the Crown under the authority of the Imperial Act 18 and 19 Vict. cap. 55. is by the Constitution Act full power is given for its own amendment, it is difficult to see on what ground Imperial intervention can be asked. Had the ordinary methods of amend- ment been exhausted in the colony, or had even the legislative. Council re- jected the popular demand for reform in this particular, there might be some ground for an a appeal to the Imperial Parliament. But as yet Mr. Berry has never asked the legislative Council to abolish itself ; the last attempt at reform under this head having been the crude Norwegian scheme of Mr. Francis, which most people now admit would have been a huge mistake. Mr. Berry's course, however, is plain. Let him intro- duce his bill, pass it through the Assem- bly, and then forward it to the Council. Then, if it be rejected, he can either repass it in the Assembly and again send it up lo the Counicil, or at once take a dissolution upon it. If, after the question had so been submitted to the country, a new assembly passed the Reform Bill a third time, and the Council was still inexorable, a case for Im- perial intervention might arise. But for the Legislative Assembly of Victoria to lay hold upon the maternal apron string, and pray for the punishment of its brother House, before exhausting every direct attempt at conciliation or coercion, is puerile in the extreme. Nor can Sir Brian O'Loghlen be regarded as an emissary likely to win favour with the British Parliament. He is the head of a family of Home Rulers, a class not at present in much favour with the British House of Commons. Possibly, however, Mr. Berry's object is simply to gain time, in the belief that by pro- longing the deadlock he will eventually compel the Legislaitive Council to suc- cumb. With the Times remarks on payment of members by constituencies we cannot fully agree. The plan has been tried in Queensland, and is not likely to be repeated. The general body of electors will not subscribe to a payment of members' fund, and those who do, instead of earning public gratitude, lay them- selves open to scandalous imputations. The member so paid, too, occupies an in- vidious position, and one which an honest and independent-spirited man could only consent to occupy temporarily for the attainment of some public purpose. As to payment by the State, there can be no question but-that its tendency would be to embarrass the choice of con- stituencies by multiplying candidates, many of whom would seek, not the public good, but simply a living for themselves because they were too lazy to earn one by Iegitimate industry. The example of seven years' trial of payment of members in Victoria is certainly not encouraging, the obvious result having been to bring together a Parliament of mediocrities incapable of grasping the scope of statesmanlike measures, and intent only on riding roughshod over all opposition. What the colonies need is some means, not of attracting more men into the Parliamentary arena, but of keeping those there who show special fitness for the work of legislation. The danger of the present time is political empiricism. It is a great mistake to suppose that statesmen are not made but born. The work of a competent Responsible Minister of the Crown requires a special training, long study of the principles of political economy, and patient attention to matters of administration. In this colony there are few men of inde- pendence and Ieisure who can devote their lives to the public service; and capable men who have to be the architects of their own fortunes know that failure in business through scrupulous attention to politics, would make them objects of scorn and contempt with their fellowmen. No man in the colonies can honestly live by politics. He cannot always retain responisible office, and when he surrenders is he surrenders also his official income. If he have no other income, his position is truly deplorable. He cannot dig, and to beg he is ashamed. The only remedy for this appears to be a resumption of the old practice of pensioning ex-Ministers of the Crown who have held office for a term of not less than three years. If ex-Ministers were entitled to claim, (say), one-half the income they enjoyed when in office, they would be placed beyond the reach of temptation, and some of thc brightest intellects of the country would be secured for the service of the State. It is not creditable to the colony that its worn-out politi- cians should be threatened with the alter- native of starvation or subsistence upon the generosity of their fellowmen, or else be compelled to stave off gaunt poverty by acting the ??????? than just steward. Tun sittings of the Central District Court concluded of Sfftur^p, the remaining civil causes having ukii^í^uoMrl of. His Honor Judge Blake o^MflPftawwivc for Gladstone in the Lady Bowen to-morrow morning, for the purpose of opening the District Court there. MACKAY hay indócil suffered from a " pluvial «ajtatiou," BÍHCC Friday last. Ac- cording to ßic tell graphic reports the regis- tered niinfall for th ¡ forty-eight hours ending !1.1.111. vcflfardav \v; s upwards of twenty-four inches \ This is nh lost incredible. We have ' hail over twelve mc les in twenty-four hours in Rockhampton, an 1 thirty-live inches within eight days, hut ti enty-four indies in two days transcends ny previously recorded exploit of tho wcatl sr god in this colony. ^1 llniiltl)"'"r'"'"' *'""* ".MMesMliu jlkL llú-ce days ^os boen slight; but tóe strong {tosh in the riva)-, and thc quanfrcy of dri|t-wood coining dow, indica cthattiku fall has been heavierinlariRVThc drought I»fairlylhrokcn up now all overtly >lony, anil tHaro vrall soon J bc a desire cxpresseufor fair weather. ^ Oui: Melbourne telegram states that a tender has been ivcoe]i cd for the construction of a railway from Sta ell to Horsham, on thc Wimmera, í>2° mile , at the rate of £2300 a-milc, " including i rerything but stations." Tin's surely must I i a mistake. Tho Vic- torian railways are 1 mn the 5 ft. 3 in. guage, and the engineer's cs ¡mato for thc Stawell and Horsham linc was : 300,055, or about £57G9 per mile. The prob: hility is that tho Govern- ment supply rails, rc ling stock, and possibly also construction pla it. lt ÍB impossible tliat the work can be carr od ont for £2300 a-intle. It is probably by í ich misleading reports as this that Mr. Angus Mackay was deceived in America. Tho avci ige cost of the 702 miles of Victorian railway! open for traffic up to thc end of 187« was £19,55S, which is ex- pected to bc reduce 1 to £15,440 when the new lines arc finished FROM the Mackay Mercury of February 27 we have intelligence of the death, after a long illness, of the Rev. Arthur Douglass, B.A., Rector of Trinity Church, Mackay. The late Mr. Douglass was the son of Dr. Douglass, of Douglass Park, near Parramatta, New South Wales, and was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, where he took his degree. After taking orders he laboured in variou parts of Enlan, previous to returning to Australia, after which hewas engaged at parish work at Parramatta an Wollongong. The rev. gentleman was appointed to thc church at Mackay, by Bishop ale. The standard says :-"Nowithstaning his advanced age he was of an acyive and sanguine tempera- ment, and worked hard for the good of his church and people, and his genial kindly nature had endeared him to all. The funeral, which took place on Tuesday evening, 26th, was one of the largest we have seen in Mackay, and the services of thc church were conducted by the Masonic fraternity, of which the deceased gentleman was a member.'' A CASE of drowning, attended by circum- stances of an unusually sad character, occurred off the Quarantine Ground on Friday evening. Mr. Armstrong has a contract for some works there and from the situation of the place it is necessary to have a boat to convey the workmen up and down the river. In order to keep the boat free from the rocks at low water, it was anchored a few perches from the bank, and was obtained, when required, by means of a dingy. About sun- down, Joseph Howe, foreman to Mr. Arm- strong, went out in the dingy to get the boat. On nearing her he reached out his hand, trying to catch the gunwale, but just at the moment the current drew the dingy away, and he fell between the boats into the water. Mr. Armstrong, who was on the bank, and who had heard Howe a few days before wishing to bet with some of the men about who could swim the farthest, naturally expected him to strike out when he came up, but, to his sur- prise, the man made no effort, and sank the second time. Mr. Armstrong immediately threw off his coat and trousers, and swam out. Just before he reached the spot, however, the unfortunate man sank to rise alive no more. The deceased was about thirty-six years of age, and leaves a wife and six children. The poor woman has just been confined. Her de- plorable situation is another instance of the truth of Shakespeare's words-"Troubles come not singly, but in battalions." THE Customs collections at this port from the 1st to thc ath distant, amounted to £1635 17s, lOd. ) fofl" A BOY named Freeman, abaft niue years of age, met with au accident «en Saturday of a serious character.! He was crossing the Dawson bridge) whin he missed bis footing and fell a distance of tl: rty feet to the ground. It seems wonderful he iv the child escaped alive. Ile was broughton < uickly as possible to town, where he was atte ided by Ur. Robertson at three o'clock jçe* fday morning. It was found that he was * : dering from a compound dislocation of thc r : it shoulder. The boy is now in thc Hospital md it is as yet uncertain whether it may bc t und necessary to ampu- tate the ami. t/fjA OKNTLEMAN- whcf arrived ot Blackwater i uvSisda^, from Clermont, hy way of the new road to the Comet, states thathe had to swim the Nogoa and Comet r vera, and describes the country all along the vay to 1« in a frightfully boggy state. For si> miles thc road will have to bc logged before it is passable for vehicle traffic ; two miles of scrub ave still to be cut ! through, and crossings will havo tc bc made at both those rivers. this that thc coach traffic will not bc removed from Blackwater for months. It is cert inly advisable that the present route should bc kept open until thc new road is properly ormod, in order to avoid the vexatious delays ¡encrally experienced on new roads. It is a pity that road parties had not been sot to w rk at an earlier period, so that its completioi might have been con- current with tho op< liing of the railway to the Comet. Our info mant says thc country from thc latter place o Rockhampton is in a * piagnificont conditioi the grass being knee deep in every dircctio\\. IN addition to thc letter published in our correspondence colur m, a resident of the Lilyvale district sendi us the following state- ment, which wc pnbl iii without note or com- ment :-"The new load from the Comet station to Peak Downs joins the Peak Downs and Rockhampton 'oad at Cordon Downs gate, leaving Lilyval i township four miles to the cast, and by this] means cutting off the traffic. Tile townshi ) has been duly surveyed and sold by the Cov« nmcnt, and it now com- prises three hotels, t' ro stores, a blacksmith's shop, a butcher's hop, a gardener's resL dence, and two or three others. A few weeks ago tho res dents of the township, and a number of car icrs, had determined to petition against thc new road, passing, as it docs, in one place ; brough an impracticable swamp ; when Mr. : tandisli, from the Hoads Department, appcare 1 upon thc scene, and in reply to some tn understand that 11 did not approve of thc surveyed track, au I wonld lise his own judgment in reportim upon which would he the most desirable route. He also said that if be t is safe to conclude from lt least six weeks or two could not find a 'bet el* road than that sur- veyed by the depart neut he would carry it through Yamala statii n. This allayed anxiety, and prevented the { itting' up of a petition. No more was bea'd of the matter at Lilyvale untikj tin objectionable road was half cleared. Tl i opinion here is that if it was desired to irotect the owners of Yamala, the Comet, oad might have joined tho Peak Downs one it thc .luuction Hotel, lictwecn which and th i Comet the route might hare been taken along the 'sandy ridges. The earners say they will lot he rihle to travel by thc government traci for months to come, as it goes across sw Ltnpy ?»nd low cov&try;, Tho people herc feel hat a great wrong has been done them, ai ul hat, had the road been taken direct through i'amata, a much better and shorter track cou d have been secured." Wc know nothing of Jthe facts further than what is conveyed bylour correspondents, but they are residents whlse in terests arc affected, : and arc therefore cnti| their complaint. KJUIK SPORT.-l¡ st Monday afternoon (says tho Mackay 1 rcrc«n/) several of the crew and passel Igel i of thc stciiin-tellilcr "bronzewing," as sie lay al thc wharf at flood tide, made a lucccssful " draught of fishes." Mr. Barr mundi insited Mackay waters in myriad sh als and took to thc bait thrown over the side to him vi ¡ry kindly, and such piscatorial rcsul s would have gladdened the heart of "lied spinner," or even Izaak Walton. The size of tho fish captured varied from 15 to 30 lbs. cai li. Oocm PALM G JOVE.-This (says the fHandard) is a thing which wo may search all over Queensland for and then find that the only place where ucb is Ito bo seen-is Mackay. We are o accustomed to look across the river and see these hundreds and hundreds of grace u'Jy waving palms in Kaines' garden, that wc think very little ot their existence as a rule. It is about twelve years since the for nation of these gardens commenced, and w th st-sady perseverance and patience, the otherwise dismal sandy swamp has now beet ne a property of value, and is in a fair way o produce such quantities of finit as to mak the Ejaculation a very profitable* one ul iniately. The crop ot bananas this year is a fair one, and the number of pincappl s produced this season is estimated nt 2000 d izen. 1 beside these fruits, a few extremely handsome mango trees flourish on tho b gb ground, with several hundred date pall is, sonic of which are bearing this year, make it worth while to visit thc garden. A fi ii OST Sion ,\\-Tho Moama corres- pondent of thc li ivriiir. Herald sends the following particular i of a° ghostly sensation near the border tu rn :-" About ten miles from Moama, on thc east side of thc linc, stands a dummy bo iee, This house bas been occupied by a party of dam-sinkers and bark ringers. These inc: i aver that about a fort- night ago they wer disturbed by knockings on thc iron roof, ii id that upon getting up they saw tho figui of a woiitAh, when one among their nuuinci put the micstion, ' What do yon want Missu V' to which the figure re- plied that she had been murdered near thc tspot, oiid/thajftlic b nos of. herself and infant fcmldJ^fofw tow .rile thc end of thc but, fUMmÊt§ vvf re pla cd fourteen years ago by Morgan thc busbran er. One of the party, who possessed a wli > made a strike at the figure, which did n t move. The following day tile news sprca t, and thc next night a large party assemb id when tile apparition again made its app arance, and thc whole of these persons swear most distinctly that they saw the figure of I woman, and nothing can induce them to think otherwise. Last night a detachment of ho Moama police, under command of ISerge ut. Vaughan, went out ttl see if there was nuj :hiug"to be seen, aiid there is no doubt if any person bad been ' playing larks' bo would ha' s received a little col J lead. Upon thc return uf one of thc police this morning 1 ascertni cd that while in the house last night a terrific noise was made on thc roof like thc sound of a heavy hammer, whereupou the party rushed mt of the house but could Ree nothing. Thc loise was repeated several times, and many o the party, amongst whom were men supposée to lie ]»sscssed of courage, seemed very glad o i the approach of the grey davin. Thc myst ry, however, "i"cmaius thc same, and another party is to bc organised, who, together wit i the police, intend to go out again to try ¡ nd clear up thc mystery. Tile men who wer« living in the but liavc loft it to the ghost, an I gone and camped near a dam. It seems rt narkatilc that thirty men should become ala med, and positively aver that there is sumct ling in it." upon thc scene, and in towuspeople gave them did not approve of the wonld lise his own upon which would he the lie also said that if be lcd tn the publication of WILL Ma. DOUGLAJTDESERT MARVBOEODOH ? -Tho Brisbane German paper, the Nord Austraiisdie Zetland of Saturday, February 23, contains the following Article in its leading columna :-r We hear from a certain -source, and which/we have every reason to believe is correct, amt Mr. John Douglas, the Premier, intends, it the next general election, to contest thc Beau for Toowoomba. Wc give this announcement with some reservation, as we are not aware t hy Mr. Douglas should not remain member fir Maryborough, hut cannot refrain from sayi g that we should be very much pleased if it «¡re Mr. Douglas1 intention to do so. We c uld not wish for a better representative for our friends in Toowoomba, and arc convinced that bis friendly disposition towards the Germ ins in the last scBsion arc so well-known as to guarantee him a majority, especially so, as tl ; Germans in Toowoombaif or their present rcpt tentative did not deem it necessary to defei 1 them from the attack of Mr. Morehead) ar not particularly taken with Mr. Groom now, : or agree with bis political views." NOVEL TREAT* ¡NT OF SNAKE-BITE.-Thc Hamilton Sjwtlato relates that a snake- bite, which afforded D . Vialls an opportunity of making an'interest ng cure, occurred at Mount Napier, nt about h lf-past seven o'clock on the morning of thc J flt > instant, when a Mrs. Fox was bitten on the Í ngcr. Witli commendable presence of mind, her husband immediately excised thc bitten portion of thc finger and Bucked thc warnie after applying a ligature within an iuch ai 1 a-half of thc bite. He next applied blast ig powder to thc excised spot, exploded th« powder, and brought hie wife into town tc Dr. Via!]*, who applied additional caustic i: the shape of fuming nitric acid, injected am ionia intravenously, and gave stimulants, Previous to this, about two or three minut s after the bite, a ligature had been applied i > the wrist, and in consc -quence of the Btonp gc of the circulation of tho blood thc hand vas enormously swollen. Dr. Vialls continus 1 his original treatment at intervals during th day, and towards evening deemed it advisabl to undo thc ligature round the wrist, that on I ie finger having previously been removed. A i, however, uo circulation bad beeu going ol through the hand during thc day, and som snake poison might, ona Cbably was, ret ¿ned in the blood in the d, he dctermini 1 not to allow it to re-enter the circulation. I e therefore opened a vein in the hand iu a 1 ic with the bitten finger, and drained the land completely of blood, and, perhaps, poi on. Having dressed the email aperture mai e, he released, the ligature. Ko bod effects folle ved. On Saturday morn- ing the hand, wit the exception of the two w ounds, was in its natural condition, and the jjatient wont home :ured. ' / HEAD TO FOOT V ASHING.-At thc Domestic JEconoiny Congres! held last July, a paper 'pas read by Mr. 1 dwin Chadwick, C.B., on the above subject He said itlie effect of .cleanliness ? was n t sufficiently recognised. |Hc found evidene of its effects in various ways. Dealing wi i the animal creations, he said, thc pig that vas washed would put on one-fifth more fies with the same amount of food than the pig that was unwashed. Tho same effect was ol lervable in other animals. They had seen the loree washed from head to foot to give it ac litional force. Tho same argument applied I > the human creature. We knew the case of in army hemmed in by an enemy .iud put un a half rations. They were regularly washed, and it was found after a time that thc men who washed were equal in in force to t!io3c vi io were unwashed and put upon full rations. Head to food washing was not only imports t in the matter of economy in food, but also for the prevention of con- tagious disease. ÍUrses who attended scarla- tina cases, and other cases of contagious disease, bad fouii out that by washing twice a day, and soi ictimes by changing their clothes, they in cht withstand the dangers resulting from th i practice, and' doctors who were similarly ci jaged had como to' the same conclusion. As defence against an outbreak of epidemic dise so he would have thc whole population tubb i. He mentioned that in a pnson, contaiuiu ; 1,200 personB, washiug was enforced, and i istead of usmg seventy or eighty gallons c water for each bath, and I causing a large expenditure of time, a very simple method vas devised for giving the prisoners a thoi nigh good bath. Each man was placed in a -ecess with a spray of tepid j water overhead, which completely cleansed j him. Schools a which unwashed children Í attended were co tres of children's epidemics. I They were all a rare that iu Holland,- if a : child had not heel "tubbed" it was taken aside, properly washed, and thc mother admonished that she must i it send lier, child again to school in that con ition. There was an enor- mous sanitary im rarement in consequence of that rule being ei forced. Thor© had been a marked reduction n epidemic diseases, and he maintained that ii this country a cleanliness league was quite' s important to the popula- tion as a tcmpoi mee league, because tilth, intempérance, idle less, and vice, wcut always 