TURF NOTES. BY VENISON. SOME of the Sydney people appear to think it a cause for regret that the entries for the Australian Jockey Club's races in September do not greatly exceed those of former occasions; but such a consummation is impossible, if quality be expected into the bargain. It surely ought to be enough for the men of New South Waleß to see their ranks of racehorses yearly augmented by plentiful representativM in both fint and seoond class animals. Every year brings some new talent to Ught, and big fields when made up of 60 per cent of rubbish ara not a subject for gratuUtion. It is true that Viotoria, blindly protective and Mlfish, makes but a poor response when New South Wales calls for tenden and volunteen to fill the ranks in her great race pro* grammM -a responM that ia aa nothing beside the generous subscription whioh the parent colony affords twice a-year to tbe Viotorian biUs of fare in racing matters. But wby ahould New Bouth WalM grumble on thU aooount f The loss faUs more upon Viotoria than upon henelf; and did the Sydney people butchooM to retalUte in the ume poor apirit that Victoria dUpUya they oould make the Flemington entrus to decode and faU away from their customary fuU dimensions in a manner that would soon make MUe AustraUa Felix wake up and sm the propriety of being a Uttle mora social and Ires Mlfish in thb matter. The entrfoe for Randwick Spring Meeting are numerous enough for all pur* poses, and Uave no oaum for grumbling or mis* giving the program of the colony in turf matters. The Trial StakM ahow eighteen competitors smart Uttle " pick-ups," many of them, that no raeehone of any brand but the " Al" mark oould afford to take any Übertiss with or give weight to. Soothsayer, Abbess, Mimosa, Bedouin, and Baroona—l bag pardon, Sunset—are sampUs takan from the hrep at a venture. The Spring StakM, of a mUe and a-balf and weight for age, bave, amongst the thirteen in it, Chester, CaU* mis, BUck Eagle, Macaroni, Woodland., Auck land, X.C.8., Cap-a-pid, Emily, and Neri-aa— half of whom, if they started, would make a grand race of it, and a quarter of whom are quite enough to frighten the crowd of duffen away from oom* peting, and to make the list of oompetiton select and small. Paming over the various minor han* dicape, which I have no space to discuss, The Shorts, of six furlongs, looks m if, amongst the twenty-eight ticket holders, Roodee, Vulcan, and EmUy would hold A. T., Cardinal, Dockwood, and the rest of the division, old andy oung, pretty aafe if weU handicapped. In the Maiden PUte, which, I would Mk, of the thirteen should beat Roodee over a utile and a-half, weight for ace, if be only goes for it ? It U enough to mue a Brisbane sportsman jealous to sm the joUy feMt of plentiful handicaps they have at the Randwick BMetings; such a variety of good home and dfatanoM; such materials to pick and ohooM from if you want to bet or make up a sweep ! But I suppoM we must wait awhile in Brisbane before we mount to their-elevation in the way of aport; and then again our mouths sre made to water at the eight of auch races on the pro* gramme m the Craven PUte, two mUes, weight for sge—perhape the beat" form "of all pouible raoes, if we have due regard to aU the desirable points that three contests should be made to cover in the way of sport, excitement, fair pUy, and breeding the right sort of horse, ke. There are aome ''hot chestnuts'' in this affair- Chester, Calamia, Macaroni, Woodlands, K. C. 8., Cap-a-pi-i, Napper Tandy, and Neriasa, and the penultimate of thU lot ahould " 'aye it heasy." On reference to the Queenslander of July 27 it wiU be seen what my opinion of Napper Tandy wm, an opinion fully justified by bis Hawkwbury running, and beating EmUy and Roodee. If Ibe any judge at aU he wUI beat His Lordship and Bos worth too when they meet What more or better do you want, or hope to get, in tiie way of pedi gree than a Maribyrnong colt out of a Yattendon mare, and a dash of that Peter Finn blood, which, like robbing the salad bowl with garUc, gives a grand perfection to the whole T Napper Tandy, v he don't go wrong, wiU be as Uke First King m Cwsar to Pompey, and it wUI be difficult to tell M tother from which " in the way of merit (pro- Tided, of courae, that he don't go wrono). In the Randwick Plate of three mile* there are four teen competitors on the list - -viz., Duke of Linne (who is in many other races, and is a " coming" nag), Roodee, Chester, Jasper, Vulcan, Calamia, WoodUwn, Propriety, High Under (entered for £76 in the three-year-old Selling Race), Wood* Unds, Sunset, Cap-a-pie-, Napper Tandy, and Neriasa, of whom I should select Roodee, Vulcan, and Napper Tandy to fill the fint three places, if they start Chester has another year over his head now, and wfll win no mora three-mile events under the extra cargo he wiU now bave to stow on deck ; he can carry a houae fbr amUe and a-quarter, or a bit further, but when it comes to threa times eight furlongs he "dew love" a Uttle matter of "seven stun" or ao far better than " nine on 'em." Tm ! that's what'a the matter with him. I have Bpoken of the weight for age racM only in this programme ,* of handicaps there are eight —viz., the Epsom, one mUe; the Shorts, three* quarters of amUe; the Squatters',one mue ; the President's, one nule and three-quarters; the Sydney, one and a-half mile; the Membera', one and a-quarter mUe; the Waverley, one and three quarters mile ; and the Free Handicap, one and a-quarter mUe. The Queensland Turf Club have received a yery fair modicum of aupport in the entranoM for the spring meeting in October. The up* oountry and the Sydney division—the latter especiaUy, when we consider the counter attrac tions elsewhere—have come forward in force to make a meeting of it for us, if we only have the mum to give aU bands a show in the nandioaM. An average of aomething Uke Mventren entrws for every race is a cut above what Brisbane bas bMn accustomed to receive in the way of support from horee owners, and a rare chance offers of placing Eagle Farm busineM on a pedretal several feet higher in the scale of race meetings than it hM hitherto held in pubUc Mtimation. If anyone wUI take the trouble to refer to the Queenslander of June 13 he wiU find that Woodlands headed my " tips " for the Hawkes bury Grand Handicap, and for a man who haa never Men the horse, even the "Admiral's Ghost" (whoever he may be) cannot call that bad selecting. And where, and oh ! where wm AuckUnd, whom everyone, except "Venison" and a few behind the scenes, pounded m a moral for the " Grand 1" I am much dUappointed abont Miss Emily, not so muoh becaure sue failed to beat a colt of His Lordship's pedigree for the GuineM of a short mUe, m because her relative, Briseis, as a two-year-old, could cany her weight for age for a mile in 1.43, and I expected the same feat would be no trouble to Emily, a** c. three-year-old, and never thought tb sm l)er beaten in 1.45, though her winning in tbat time would have been no wonder. Ipswich general entry U uncommonly *weU fiUed, and that too with reaUy good material, and an almost total absence of the "padding," or filUng-up rubbish, element about it Ipawieh is wise to hold its meetings so close to the Brisbane ones, and here Is another proof of it And now, as this is decreed to be my last ap pearance before the readers of the Queenslander, it devolves upon me, first, to say a few words of kindly farewell to those who have, for some years, followed with me the varying fortunes of the sleek-coated, bright-eyed, four-footed actors in our little weekly drama ; next, to express a hope that those who come after me may have to chronicle the doings of even doughtier champions than my heroes—First King, Goldsbrough, and Robinson Crusoe; and as the motto of Australia is ever "Excelsior" in sporting matters, this is not altogether impossible; though I, for one, shall not believe it till some four-year-old wins the Champion Race in the same, or better, time than First King did. And, in conclusion, to those who love the Turf for its own sake, and as viewed in its better aspects of early hours, fresh air, fair play, and manly spirit, I would use the words— not of the ghostly Dutchman of the shadowy Kaatskills, but of his inimitable stage representa tives, Gill and Jefferson—and I would say, with Rap Van Winkle, "Your health, gentlemen; may you all live long and—prosper!" 