GENERAL NEWS. ' Tbe last carriage attached to the 8.45 a.m. train from the Semaphore ran off the line at the points at the 'Alberton Station oh Tues day morning, August 20, but no damage was done, and the train was only delayed a few minutes. Although Monday, August 19, was kept up at Port Adelaide as a holiday by the work ing men and seamen, most of whom took part in the demonstration connected with their re spective anniversaries, there were only two cases of drunkenness to engage the attention oE the Court on the following day. This speaks well for the manner in which the men con ducted themselves on that festive occasion. On Tuesday morning Mr. E. T. Smith, M P., introduced a deputation to the Commis sioner of Public Works, consisting of Messrs. Knowles, "Wigg, Taylor, Haines, B. Moulden, J. Bertram, "VV. Hubble, and "W. C. Calder, to represent the desirability of carrying the pro posed railway to the Hills through the District of East Torrens. It was urged that if such a line were constructed it would serve the wants of a very populous district. The. Commissioner promised to confer with his colleagues on the subject. A large and influential deputation con sisting of about-250 gentlemen from, various agricultural districts in the North waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. T. Playford), on Tuesday morning, to urge the pressing necessity of taking some immediate steps to deal with the rabbit pest. A large number of gentlemen spoke on the subject. They stated that the number of rabbits, especially in some parts, was increasing in spite of all efforts to exterminate them, and they urged that the question was one of national importance, and ought to be dealt with as such. The Commissioner of Crown Lands expressed sympathy with the object of the deputation; and said he was about to intro duce another Bill into Parliament. This he hoped would pass the Legislative Council. In this Bill it would be provided that all rabbits on waste and leased lands and travelling reserves would be destroyed by the Govern ment ; but the owners of private holdings would be compelled to exterminate the pests on . their own property. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Mon day and the same hour on Tuesday, August 20, is registered as follows Noarlunga ... 0'0451 Willunga ... 0'040 On Thursday, August 15, a nasty acci dent occurred in the Eudunda Sation-yard to one of the workmen named Burns, who was engaged in ballasting the new railway line. The Kapunda Herald reports that " the man get safely into a truck, when he discovered he had left his coat, to secure which he jumped down, and attempted to get up again while the train was moving slowly. His boots had nails in the soles, and these, it is supposed, caused one of his feet to Slip on to the rail, when the wheel of the truck passed over it. He was put on the engine and run down to the Kapunda Hospital, where it was found necessary to amputate three of his toes." We regret to learn tbat His Excellency Sir "William Jervois is suffering from slight in disposition, and that his medical adviser does not consider it prudent for him to undertake the fatigue of holding a levee to-morrow. In consequence both the levee and Lady Jervois's reception will be postponed till Wednesday week. The Governor caught a severe cold on the day before landing, and has been confined to the house for the last few days. Although now better he is still indisposed. On Monday evening a Gazette Extraordinary was published, announcing the postponement of the levee and reception, and stating that the former would take place at noon, and the latter at 3 o'clock on the 28th instant. We understand tbat His Excellency tbe Governor has been pleased to accept an invita tion to dine at the Adelaide Club on Wednesday evening, August 28. A deputation is to "svait on Mr. Jobn Williams on Thursday, to ask him to allow him self to become a candidate for the Legislative Council. Tbe steamer Cbarlton arrived at Port Darwin from Hongkong on Monday, August 19, with 20 Chinese passengers and sundry items of merchandise. We understand tbat tbe engines on tbe Semaphore Bail way will carry bells as formerly for the purpose of ringing as the train passes along the streets between Port Adelaide and the Semaphore. The bells are being manufac tured with all dispatch. A meeting of tbe shareholders of the Port Adelaide Newspaper and Printing Com pany was held at the offices of Mr. G. B. Selth, Maclaren Wharf, on Monday afternoon, August 19\. Mr. D. Bower, M.P. presided. It was resolved to wind up the Company, the resolution to be subject to confirmation at a meeting to be held on a subsequent date. The amount of business at tbe Port Ade laide Police Court on Monday, August 19, was very small—only two cases, and those of drun kenness, were disposed of. A most unusual feature connected with the proceedings was the entire absence of onlookers, owing to the demon stration connected with the Working Men's Asso ciation and Seamen's Union. . On Sunday, August 18, a serious ac cident happened at Blakiston to Mrs. Chapman, jun., of Callington, and her brother, Master Lexton. The. latter was driving Mrs. Chapman .in a buggy down a steep hill, when one of the bolts which connected the shafts with the trap fell out, and the horse bolted down the hill at a furious pace, dragging the trap by one shaft till it capsized. Mrs. Chapman was very much hurt, and remained insensible for several hours, while her brother was badly cut and bruised. The Port Adelaide Market Company bas been floated, and a meeting of the subscribers will be held at an early date to elect Directors and. settle the memorandum and articles of association. A market has been a great want in Port Adelaide for some time past, and as it is to be erected on a site "central for both the Port and its suburbs it will doubtless be well patronised. The" promoters intend having an arcade through the centre of the building, and it is expected that at the cheap rentals at which the stalls and shops will be let almost every class of trade will be carried on' within its precincts. ~ On Thursday, August 15, Mr. P. Howard, J.P., held an inquest at Maitland on the body of a lad named J. A. Wundersitz, who was killed by a heavy roller which he was driving passing over his body. The accident was supposed to have been caused by the roller coming into con tact with a stump and throwing down the deceased. Dr. H. Boss Brown, who examined the body, said no bones were broken, but death was caused by the extreme pressure on the chest. The Jury found that deceased met his death by. accidentally falling under a roller, and that no blame was attached to any one. A case of some importance to members of Friendly Societies was (says the Narracoorte. Herald) recently" tried at the Local Court, Kingston. The Kingston Lodge of Oddfellows laid an information under the 15th clause of tbe Oddfellows, M.U., Act against Mr. D. S, Bedman. for unlawfully retaining moneys re ceived by him as an officer of the Lodge, which resulted "in the information: being upheld, and tbe; Bench ordering defendant to refund the moneys and pay a fine of one shilling with, three pounds costs. The defence relied upon by Bedman, that the Lodge owed him moneys and that he had written instructions from the Pro vincial Corresponding Secretary to pay himself, would not be listened to, the Bench deciding that under the clause they had no alternative, and if defendant had a claim against the Lodge he had his remedy in the Local Court. Supreme Court business in Banco was taken before tbe Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Stow on Monday morning. In . Bamsay v. Bamsay and Sparks and Cox a motion on behalf ofthe respondent for the striking out of the petition certain allegations of adultery against a person or persons unknown was complied with. It was directed that the matrimonial cause of Carey v. Carey, and-Thompson should be tried by pfifidavit.befpre the Full Court, a.nd a month's . further" time was: allowed for' Cradling of afe-L "davits. In the appeal case from Port Augusta, ■ H. J.Stermanv, J, Coventry, the Count reversed the judgment of the Magistrates, and gave a verdict;for the defendant with costs. In "White • v. Mules, an appeal from the Adelaide Local Court, Mr.-Barlow obtained a rule nisi for a new trial on.-the verdict for the defendant, the ques tion of res judicata being reserved for argument on the motion to make the rule absolute. Wheaton v. Wheaton and other matrimonial causes ripe for hearing were fixed for Monday, - September 16. The Court then adjourned for a fortnight. In Equity it was arranged that a motion-for., an interim order in Basedow v.; \- Sudholz and Another, and the case of Gibson v. Stalcer should be taken on Monday, September 2, to which day the Court adjourned. The Border Watch oi August 17 says:— "The painter, Eobert White, who mysteriously left hisdodgings at Mr. -T. Barratt's on Tuesday morning, has not been heard, of. On Wednesday and Thursday gangs of men, with the police, were scouring the neighborhood in several direc tions, and yesterday several were out continuing the search; but it is now considered useless looking much more for him. A large number of wells and caves in: the neighborhood were dragged on Thursday. Some of the people who were staying at Barratt's with White say he .had been drinking heavily of late, and on the night of his departure had a delusion that some infernal monster in the shape of a goat was pursuing him. He was heard by one of them to get up about 2 a.m. on Tuesday, and go to the street door, but presently re turned. In reply to a question as to where he was going he said to bed. In the morning, however, the street door was' wide open and White was gone. He is supposed to have had only his shirt and trousers on when he left, but there does not seem to be any clear idea as to what clothes he had in his possession, so that he may have heen fully dressed when he went away. 'The case is a strange one, but many believe he may have left in the way he did in order to get out of his agreement with his em ployers before the expiration of his term. The police have communicated with the surrounding police stations in this district and Western Victoria, so that should he turn up near any of them we shall soon know it." ' On Wednesday evening the celebrated pianiste, Madame Carlotta Tasca, who has caused so much excitement in musical circles in Melbourne, will make her first appearance - at the Adelaide Town Hall, assisted by Madame George Eobertson, Mdlle. Bosaly Merz (from the Grand Opera House, Berlin), Mr. CJ. E. Mumme, and Mr. Alf. , Plumpton. Mr. G. Eobertson will also take part in the concerts, officiating with Mr. Plumpton as conductor. A programme of choice music has been provided for the opening night, and the concert will be under the distinguished patronage of His Ex cellency ' the Governor and Lady Jervois. Speaking of Madame Tasca's last perfor mance in Melbourne the musical critic of the Atcsfralasian says:—"She began with one of Chopin's lallades, and she ended with a solo on the organ. Between these she played other pianoforte solos, and took part also in a duet with Mr. Hart. Be garding her generally as an exponent of what we know of the poetry of music, in all these performances she showed herself capable of meeting any requirements likely to be. pre scribed in this particular. For it is not alone that she has unusual technical skill, but that she uses her skill in the production of those effects which pro duce on the mind an influence beyond that of the passing time. For if music be a religion, its priests and priestesses should be able to raise those who worship under their ministrations heavenwards. Most ministers of religion, as we commonly understand religion, fail te do this; and most ministers of the religion of music fail to do it also. It is only now and then that a true evangelist arises in - either theology or . music, but when he does he draws all men after him. And I think Madame Tasca has some of the fervor which makes most people worship in spite of their disbelief in creeds." The first of a series of lectures to be given by the Eev. M. J. Birks was delivered at the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin streetj on Monday evening, August 19. . The subject was " Stanley's search for Livingstone in Africa." There was a fair attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. J. Scott, J .P. Mr. Birks commenced his lecture with an interesting sketch of the life of Livingstone, who, he said, was born in Glasgow on November 9,1813, and was sent to work in a factory at the age of 10 years. "While at this employment he managed to save money to buy books and givehimself a tolerably good education, with the idea of preparing him self for mission work in China. But just when he was ready for the work war broke out in China, and he decided to go as a missionary to South Africa. He embarked for that country in 1840, and labored hard for 15 years, when he returned to England to recruit his health. Two years afterwards he undertook a Government expedition to explore the Zambesi and to open up a way, if possible, for commerce in East, Africa. In 1864 Livingstone again returned to London, where he met with a warm re ception. It was his intention to remain in England, and spend the rest of his days there, but at the request of Sir Eoderick Murchison, then President of the Eoyal Geo graphical Society, he departed in 1865 on an other expedition. It was while on this explo ration, and after several reports of his death bad been circulated and contradicted, that Mr. James Gordon Bennett, son of the proprietor of. the New York Herald, despatched Mr. H. M.. Stanley, the war correspondent of that journal, to search for the lost explorer. Tne lecturer then gave a graphic and highly interesting ac count of Stanley's well-known expedition, de picting the trials and difficulties he experienced in his search, and portraying his untiring energy and perseverance in a pleasing and fascinating manner. A deputation, consisting of the Hon. R . C.Baker, Messrs. TV. K. Simms, M.P., E. D. Eoss, M.P., J. C. Bray, M.P., J. TV. Downer, M.P., P. and E. Levi, J. H. Parr, F. Bonnin, and TV. B. Neales, waited on Mr. J. B. Spence, at his office, Currie-street, on Monday afternoon, August 19, to request him to become a candidate for a seat in the Legislative Council. Mr. Simms, in introducing the deputation, regretted that the number of gentlemen who had attended with him was not larger, but this he said must be attributed to the action they had taken not having been sufficiently long known. . He was sure that if their object was attained they would feel highly indebted to Mr. Spence, and the gentlemen present would band themselves together to secure his return.- (Hear, hear.): He felt confident as to the success of the election were Mr. Spence to contest it-. If he - j had not thought so he would not have asked him to stand. He thought that the well-known. ability of that gentleman would- at the present time be of much assistance . in the Legislative Council, arid .that his return would confer a benefit on the whole, colony. He referred to the meeting to be held in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening, ai which Mr. Spence would be able to propound his views, and in concluding expressed the conviction that if their efforts were not successful enough to place him at the head of the poll they would at least place him very close to it. (Hear, hear.)' Mr. Spence, in replying, said he had made up his mind. before the . deputation entered that room that he would not stand. He would say, - however, that their coming and urging him in such strong terms to do so had shaken him;a little—(hear, ; hear)—but not entirely. ,He would like to point out that there were a'very large number of candidates, there being thirteen • to contest four vacancies. ("We'll dispense with some of - them and hear, hear.) Mr. Simms again urged Mr. Spence to consent, and after a few minutes he expressed - his intention to contest the election. The deputation then | withdrew. A'meeting of the Philosophical Society, is to be. held this evening at the Institute. A meeting of electors is to he held at the Town Hall this evening, to consider the fitness of the candidates now in the field for election to . the-Legislative Council. • The ' second lecture on " Elementary Physiology,"' in connection with the Adelaide University, is to be delivered by Dr. ThomJas this evening, in the Stow Lecture Hall, Flinders street. - ■' Entries for the. forthcoming Poultry Show must be made to the Secretary, at the Sir John Barleycorn, Eundle-street, before 7 o'clock this evening. A meeting of the Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club is to be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. The annual meeting of the Kensington Cricket Club is to be held this evening at the Prince Alfred Hotel. . The annual meeting of the Glenside Cricket Club is to be held this evening at Dittmar's Booms, Freeman-street. . Rainford's .Ghost and Petite Comedy Company at Twite's Booms were favored with a fair house on Monday evening. The whole, performance passed off exceedingly well, and the Jancy of the audience seemed to be hit, as the applause was both loud and frequent. The phantom farce, and comedies were produced ! with ,telling effect, and. the other efforts of the "'yi&Sfaum; instances cmtbusia&i;* ^ ally received. 