THE GHOSTS OF CHAT ELOUSSE. TALKING about ghosts (geid Jack Scott ) the toughest time I ever had with gentry of that sort waB when I was travelling for Frost & Go. tip in Canada. "We were in the fur line, you know, and I happened to fall in with a gentleman by the name of Flint, who agreed to go across the country with me. Ha was not at all the sort of fellow one wourd choose for a travelling companion, being extremely taciturn and grim ; but, apart from sharing expenses, there was the necessity for some sort of sympathy and affection in such a confoundedly bleak and for bidding country. Our sturdy team of Canadian horses took us further and further from civi lisation ; hostelries of any sort were few and far between. But an honest sheep-dog would have been a jollitr companion than Flint; his thin lips couldn't seem to take the shape of a healthy hugh.' Without .divulging any commercial secrets, L told Flint what I could of my errand into this wilderness, hoping to get some little confi dence in return. He did go so far as to hint that he also was connected with* hunting and trapping, but he was extremely close mouthed and reticent as to particulars, and after little spurts of chat on my part the conversation languished. The third morning of our journey we had a little controversy, Flint and I, about our route for the day. We wanted to get on to Chatelousse, where I had letters of introduc tion, and where Flint huped to find out the whereabouts of,a Monsieur Barnard, in whom ?I< was also interested, as Flint had told me he had been a dealer in skins. We were told there was a short cut across the country, but' it would be s«fer, perhaps, to take the public road. Flint * was rather in favour of the latter plan, being of a ciutiouB and prudent temperament; but although the words of oar senior partner came into my head, they only seemed to puah me the other way. .. Never take a by-path when you can get a highway," were the parting words of Mr. Frost; but I considered them some of his oracular old-fogyisias. _ " It's only twenty miles, Flint," I said. "Twenty of these"Canadian miles,'* he added. " With fresh horses," I went on; " and our host here has.pointed an out the way." > "Tea, yes," said the innkeeper, -'straight ahead, gentlemen, till you see a > big cross set ap at the end of a three-cornered field. Turn to the right, > and you'll soon see a forest of fir-treesthatis the beginning of > Chatelousse, and CIOJS at band lives Adrian Bernard There is >1 house a > little this way, messieurs that ia all black and empty, and has about it the > melancholy of the grave. It ia-pardon me, messieurs-it is given over to the > devil. . They say it is haunted." " jfes, yeB," broke in Flint, oraning his neck eagerly foi ward; " what is it about this house ?" "It is that a crime has been committed there, messieurs-that lights are seen, queer noises are heard, groans *nd shrieks of terror. I have it for a fact that, nii?ht after night, the tragedy, is repeated over and over again." " Let us get on," said Flint, " in the direc tion «f this house." \ Six hours later we had reached a big bar of wood that had fallen and was plunged fathoms deep in the Bnow. As for roads, there were none, neither to the right nor the left. That imbecile of an innkeeper*muat have .known that at this season of the year ordinary landmarks were obliterated. We had long stnct been gliding over an unbroken surface of snow; but dimly shadowed upon the horizon I had seen the forest of firs, »nd I pushed the jaded beasts onward. It was weary work, as we were perceptibly going up-hill. r .The short Canadian day was drawing to a [Close. If you want an idea, my . friends, of complete and litter desolation, take a cam pagua of that sort when day is expiring at the.hands of a pitiless and unrelenting night; the v*st sheet of white, «nbrokeu by fence or forest, becomes'in tho shifting and fading light like a pall .drawn'over a dead world From early morning we had not passed a roof or ®e6n a livinS creature. The bitterness of ,cold was somewhat ameliorated, but this was another source" of anxiety, as it hinted of snow, and to think of this was to shudder; a snowstorm would be utter and irretrievable ruin. To add to my alarm, I could no longer distinguish the line of fir-trees. ^ " This must be snow-blindness," I said. " Can you see those fir-trees, Flint?" . No," he -replied, calmly; « I have not seen them, for some time. They'll probably come in sight when we gat to tno top of this hill;" , Bat having reached the summit/and begin ning to deicvnd, I said again, " Can you see them now, Flint f" " No," he replied. I reined in the horses, and got upon my feet. One unbroken, glittering desert of snow surrounded us. In the yellow light of the western sky it glistened like the folds of & sn&e; further en, under the stormy clouds that" scudded along, it grew livid and Bteel coloured, and looked more horribla to me than the wildest and blaokest of *eas. At that moment a filmy particle, soft as down, touched my cheek. In an instant we ware enveloped by the soft, white, accursed flakes. " My God 1 Flint," I cried, sinking back in the sled, " we are lost!" . . " I'm afraid so," said Flint. " Great heaven I'M exclaimed* " our bones: ~ill lie bleaching here for months. Our families won't even know what has fceoome of us." ? , " I haven't any family," Baid Flint. . tt 4* Neiiher have l> far th*t matter," said I. . But that doesn'c make it any pleaaanter, UOQX ifcy to dis herQ 2i^6 dogs " 01 course not," said Flint. " You'd better take some brandy, Scott. It's unfortunate; I'd like to have hunted ont that Bernard, but ft can't be helped." He took a pull at the brandy-flask and handed it over to me. 'He was as cool as the climate, my friends. In the meanwhile the ! horses, feeling the reins falling loosely from my fainting hands, trotted rapidly on. Heaven help those egotists that hold the human intellect supreme! The ponies chose the right direction. In less than ten minutes those blessed ponies took us within sight of the line of fir-trees. I was transported by the fohcitious view of some honest smoke wreathing up between the scraggy branches which sheltered a long, low, straggling building, red-roofed, with diamond-shaped panes in the windows, through which we could see the red light of the household fire. The squawk of a fowl suggested its speedy conveyance to a neighbouring Bpit; the grunting of pigs near by was more melodious to my ears than the music of the spheres yonder in the storm-tossed, blinding snow. " We're saved, Flint, my boy I" I cried. " Thank God, we are saved 1" "This must be Bernard's," said Flint, looking about; him with his keen' grey eye» . "and over yonder I think I can see the oat lines of the haunted house."' Five minutes after we sat in a long low ceiled apartment that covered half the ground floor. The oaken rafters almost touched the head of a tall trapper who was lodging with Monsieur Bernard. He had a long blonde beard and singularly melodious voice. There wag quite ta number of guests there all of them trappers, so Monsieur Barnard said j but this tall fellow they called Cameron had the shoulders of a Hercules with the face of an Apollo. I suppose I ijvas some thing dazed with the sudden relief and rercue, for it appeared to me that a young woman who sat by the fire, paring carrots the very colour of her loDg braids of hair, was as beautiful as an aDgel. Her eyes were soft and luminous, her forehead low and white; an indescribable air of tender melancholy shadowed her face. The chemi sette she woro was as white as the snow upon which it was bleached ; hsr bodice was of homespun; the knots in her knitted stockings must have been made by her own little hands; the big buckles on her shoes could not hide the pretty arch of her instep. She sang under her breath a little couplet, of which the refrain was " Jamais, Jamais 1" Hungry as I was, I could scarcely touch the fine grilled fowl prepared for us, but my soul devoured the daughter of Monsieur Bernard. The tall trapper and his companions were supping in a neigh bouring room; we could hear their glasses rap upon the table or chink against each oiher; acr»ps of songs and disjointed sen tences reached, our ears. Flint picked the chicken to the booe, in the meanwhile talking in a low tone to Monsieur Barnard, who basked in the heat that poured from the crackling sides of the sheet; iron stove, and blinked :it Flint like an ancient lizard. He was a little, dried-up man, with a close cap upon hij head; his leather breeches reached a little below his knees; a warm furry jacket, high woollen stockings, and wooden sabots completed his costume. An hour or two went by ; the trappers in the neighbour ing room had finished their meal, and apparently gone to bed. Flint and the little Frenchman pursued their conversation. As for me, I had drawn close to the .beautiful young woman, who was washing some quaint yellow muga at the end of the long oak cable. Her name was Marie. In this primitivo region conventionalities were set aside-an earnest passion glided along like snow shoes, . I got over a good deal of ground in a very short time. I began to believe this journey was marked out for me. I told Marie so, and lifted one' of her long braids to my lips. I wag just thinking what a sensation that peculiar coloured n»ir and her remarkable beauty would create in our circles at home, when Flint called out to me that he had resolved to go over and sleep in the haunted house. "Don't you want to go along, Scott," he said, "or are you afraid?" The latter part of his sentence had a peculiar sneering intonation. I said I was not afraid, but thought it a very absurd and infernally uncomfortable thing to leave a warm fireside and go plunging over there in the snow and tho freezing air for a freak of curiosity. Marie clasped her hands, and besought of us, for the sake of .the Redeemer, not to go ; that in that i-oom upstairs, upon that very pallet of straw, the murdered man had been found; and nobody had slept there since, or Btayed in the house. . " Except the ghosts of Chatelousse," said her lather, in a dry, wheoay voice. But Fjjnt got his lantern ready. Of course I had to go. If one man ventures upon a fool-hardy freak, another must follow, or rest under the imputation of cowardice. Mon sieur Bsrnard helped us on with our overcoats. I looked into the sweet oyes of Marie; they were dilated with that expression of terror one sees in the eyes of a fawn. I took her cold hands in my own. " Rest tranquil, my sweet child," I said, for I was touched by her tenderness - "I will return to you." ' We "made our way through the blinding snow, and found the houte.black and empty. The door creaked on its rusty hinge, the shutters banged, a melancholy ^wiriil howled through the corridor. * "We shall have our labour for our pains," I. said,^ as we entered the room upstairs; " there is nothing remarkable in a few broken chairs and an old bundle of straw." " We must be patient," said Flint, throw ing the buffalo robe upon the bed, and blow ing out the lantern ; .' we must wait for the hour of midnight." There wbb nothing for me to do but to creep in beside him. I took the inner side, and, worn out with countless emotions, mast have fallen asleep before the hayseed touched my hair. . I was awakened by a peculiar mocking laugh, seemingly close by my ear; but, upon regaining the activity 0f my senses, I found it distant and hollow. Again and again it seemed to come from the very bowels of the earth. I began to feel a ohill run down my vertebra:. * ^" Flint," I whispered, reaching over for him, " do you hear that?" But- my hand wandered over an empty space at my side. Flint was gone. I was alone in this accursed house. Strange noises came to me. I fancied I heard a groan, the clanking of a chain. Heavea knows what terrible vagaries beset me. "Perhaps," thought I, "Flint has been dragged away; my turn will come next." Distinctly I heard again that hollow, mock ing laugo, and step by seep a foot ascending the Btair. A cold sweat burst from every pore in fly body. I sprang from-the bed, and ran out the open door down the stairs. Is seemed to me a ahadowy form fled before me, aod vanished in the corridor. I plunged ? across the field and at last burst into a low ceilsd room, where I found the miserable little Frenchman and my mining companion. "Oh, you ran away, then?" I said to Flint. . "Yes," he said, quietly, "I thought it best not to awaken yon." ' " So you left me to be murdered, perhaps 1" " That was what I wanted to avoid," he said. I s>»w that he was pale, and his hands shook a little. "Istull push on to Chate lousse at daybreak," he said. . "I thought you had more nerve, Flint," I replied. " I wouldn't lliyeelf sleep in that house again to be junior, partner with Frost & Co.; bnt that is no rea»on for neglecting business opportunities. From a few words I exchanged with that tall trapper-I think they call him Cameron-" "Yes," sai-1 Flint, with sudden eagerness. " What about him ?" " I think he can put me in the way of a lucrative stroke of business here." " How ? In what way ?''" said Flint. "In the trapping way, of course," replied; " in the way of skins." The li^ht died out of Flint's face. He sank back in bis chair, and stroked his thin beard contemplatively. " Suppose you remain here, then, till. I come back," he said. " I shan't be gone more than two or three Says." " All right," I said, with alacrity. In tru'h, I bated to leave Marie. At daybreak Flint drove Jaway, with a stable buy of Bernard'o for a guide. " He's the last man in the world I'd take to be such a coward," I said, to the tall trapper, Cameron, some hours later-on. I invited him to breakfast with me, acdrelcted t» him our adventures of the prerious night. T ?? ? - -? ... .JB - "I don't know anything about ghosts," I Raid, but I certainly heard the metallic clanking of a chain, and a hollow, mocking laugh-a foot«tep, too, mounting the stairs; and as I fled down, a phantom-like form disappeared before my very eyes in the hall way." "There are more things in heaven and earth than nre dreamt of ia our philosophy," said Cameron. " All we can do ia to keep & clear conscience and lead stainless lives." He went on talking in this way till I began | to look upon him as a kind of evangelist. HiB face had the guileless look of an infant, and^ yet he had a keen eyo and brain for business. Ho explained to me & method for curing skins, which was very interesting. Even Marie paused at her work and listened to him. Her eyea were fixed upon his face with an eager, yearning expression, bo beautiful that I wondered it did not attract his notice; but he was absorbed in his Bubject. That short Canadian day was the sweetest of my life. Before nightfall I was fully persuaded there was but one woman in the world for me; but all that I could get Maria to say in return waB, " Oh, monsieur 1" This she repeated over and over ag*in, oach time with & different inflection, till it formed a whole sweeb language in itself. At nightfall of the second day Flint came back, looking rathar pale and worn. He said the air waB freezing; he hoped it would be milder in the morning; that we must ge$ off as early as possible. " If you go to-morrow, Flint," I said, " you 11 have to go alone. I must remain a while." "I shall not go alone," said Flint; " I shill have plenty of company. Bat why mask you remain ?" I didn't care to speak about Marie to a ' man like Flint, but I told him of the opening in trade offered me by Cameron. "The tall fellow with a blonde beard?" said Flint, goinp. over and shutting out chamber dcor. Then he catno close to me and whispered in my ear, "He is the leader of the gang. Hush 1 be quiet; don't reply. I have unearthed a troop of counterfeiters. I saw them at work that night in the haunted house. They are the ghosts of Chat elouese. In six honrs wo shall have help. To-morrow we shall Btarfc off together. Ber nard gave them up. That was my bnsiness out here." " Trapping ?" I paid. "Exactly," said Fliat. 'f In sixteen hours everythiug will be ready. The officers will come armed; be preparsd," and the wily Jesuit slipped out the open door. I sat there for I don't know how,long, completely stunned and bewildered. When I gathered my senses again, I resolved upon one thing-not to go without Mirie. Wa could get married at the nearest town. I would not leave her in this wilderness with her traitor of a father, perhaps to fall a prey to some early vengeance from an unseen hand. I sought her out, and found het feeding the fo^la in the court yard-a grey dove perching upon her shoulder, and a turkey- cock stretching bis red neck and strutting by her side. X drew her under the ' archway. ' "Marie! Mario 1" I said, "you know how I love you 1" . ? *' Oh, monsieur!" she said, hanging her aweefc head. 1 "Listen to me, Marie," I said; "be no longer a child, I entreat of yon. Yoa mqst go away with me to-morrow morning.' At the nearest town we will be m»rried. I will not leave you behind me. There will be trouble, I am afraid. A gang of counter feiters have been discovered over in the hannted house; Cameron is their chief. Ton have thought these men to be hocest trappers, Marie, but they nro counterfeiters, my own one, and tbey aro the ghosts of Chatelousse. A few hours more, and we shall have help. They will be taken, Marie ~" I stopped, for 1 found that she was grow ing deadly pale. Her hands dropped at her side; the wheat fell out of her ap'on upon the ground; the fowls came calling and clucking after it. She grew whiter and whiter, till she was like the snow outside the the stone wall. " My God! my God 1" she kept Baying, clasping and unclasping her hands. I tried to take her iu my arms. At first she resisted ; then she listened. The ' grey look went out of her face, and she listened eagerly. "You will go with me, my darling!" I .ntre*ted; "the horses are already har ncBSfld." ? "Where-where aro'the horseB?" she v said. ? " In the ahed, my sweet one. Tell me that you willgo." , , " Yes, yes, I will go," she said; " and now . I must get ready." Her face looked to set and rigid in the cold reflection of the snow-the beautiful * face so longer that of a child's; a woman's face, full of .resolution and strength.. " KisB me before you go," I said, holding 5 her close to my heart. She put her cold lips to mine. " God bless ; you'l" she cried; "God in heaven bleBB you!" . - Night came on ; hour after hour passed ; lights began to flicker in the hannted house. Flint glued his face to the window and r lpoked steadily out into the darkness. I did not dare tell him I had a regret for Cameron. The fellow was to lovable, and bad such a a gnileleBs face; bis voice waB as ' melodious as a woman's. At last he turned ' from tho window and went ont of the room,.. making a quick gesture for me to follow. The men had come. Soon we were marching ^ across the field, the officers of the law orunebing through the enow with tbeir heavy - r boots, and muttering malodictions through their chattering teeth. In truth, it was piercingly cold.. We bad nearly reached the v house when an old, hal/-witted servant of Monsieur Bernard's came running out to ' meet us. ' . "Mother of heaven, bnt I'm glad 1" .ha - oried. " I was scared to stay there so long; they are gone sinoe this many honrs." "Gonel" Bhouted Fliot; " who are gone'?"'; ® "The men folks yonder. And they took with them the sweet mistress, Marie." . .' - " Marie 1" burst from my lips and those of M. Bernard. ^ "But yes," said the old servant. "She 5 . cried all the way, but he took her in hiaarms and hushed her like a bab^, and put her under his olosk." . - . "Who? Who?" we cried. "Who bnt Mr. Cameron?" was the reply. '. " Anybody with wooden eyes could have seen what was going on." Bernard raised his hands to heaven, then'" ' sank upon the Enow. I remained with him. " I was unable to go on ; besides it waB use less. The men soon came back. The housa was empty; the birds had flown, and with. them hnd gone my sweet little dove. What J a madman I had been 1 As the hostler had said, anyom could bav« seen the love in her - eyes when she looked upon Cameron. I' . remembered now a hundred sigha and glances. " Poor little Marie I Monsieur Bernard divided his wrath and wretchedness, as did the Jew of Venice, : between his ducats and his daughter. Every ' mule and pony were takeu from the sheds j ' it was even impossible to pursue the fugi tives. Flint was livid with rage. " Who could hava betrayed us ?" he s iid through bis clenched teeth, and half inclined to.suS-4 pect the miserable Bernard. ' ^ A fortnight later we all wont our separata^ ways; bnt I never shall forget, gentlemen, ' ' the ghoBta of Ghatelousss. 