CHAPTER XXVT. Thbhe'comes a time in every lightly con-' structed boy's life when he has a raging desire to go somewhere and dig for hidden treasure. This desire suddenly ram a upon Tom ooc day, He sallied out to find Joe Harper, hut failed of success. Next he sought Ben .Rogers; he had gone fishing. Presently he stumbled upon Suck Finn the Bed-handed. Huck would answer. Tom took him to a private place, and opened the matter to him confidentially. Huck was willing. Huck was always willing to take a hand in any enterprise that offered enter tainment and required no capital, foi* he had a troublesome superabundance of that sort of Sine which is not money. " Where'll we dig ?" said Huck." 'rOhj 'most anywhere/' fphy,*is it hid all around ?" c' No/indeed it ain't. It's hid in mighty particular placfis; Hack-sometimes on islaiids, sometimes in rotfen* chests under the end oi* a limb of an old dead tifee, jiist where the shadow falls at midnight; hut mostly raider the floor in* ha'nted houses." "Who hides it?" "Why, robbers, of course-Trho'd you reckon ? Sunday-school sup'rintendfents ?' " I don't know. If it was mine I "Wouldn't hide it; I'd spend it and have a good tiitfe;" "So would I; hut robbers don't do way, they always hide it and leave it there." " Don't they come after it any more r" " No, they think they will, but they generally forget the marks, or else they die. 'Anyway it lays there a long time and gets rusty; and by and-by somebody finds an old yellow paper that tells how to find the marks-^-a paper that's got to be cyphered over about a week because it's mostly signs and hy'roglyphics." " Hyro-^which ?' " Hy'roglyphics-pictures and things, you know, that don't seem to mean anything." " Have yon got one of them papers, Tom ?' "No." . " Well, then, how are you going to find out the marks ?" "I don't want any marks. They always bury it under a ha'nted house, or on an island, or under a dead tree that's got one limb stick ing out. Well, we've tried Jackson's Island a little, and we can try it again sometime; and there's the old ha'nted house up the Still-House branch, and there's lots of dead-limb trees dead loads of'em." " Is it under all of them ?" "How you talk! .No!" . - "Then how.yon going to know which one to go for?" * " Go for all of 'em." " Why, Tom, it'll take all summer." u Wail, what of that ? Suppose you find a brass pot with a hundred dollars in it, all rusty and gay, or a rotten chest. full of di'monds. How's that r Suck's eyes glowed. " That's bully, plenty bully enough for me. Just you gimme the hundred dollars, and I don't want no di'monds." "All right. But I bet you I ain't going to throw off on di'monds. Some of 'em's worth twenty dollars apiece. There ain't any, hardly, bufs worth six bits or a dollar." "No! Is that so?" I " Cert'nly-anybody '11 tell you so. Hain't yon ever seen one, Huck?" * 1 "Not as I remember." " Oh, kings have slathers of them." " Well, I don't know no kings, Tom." *. I reckon you don't. But if you was to go to Europe you'd see a raft of 'em hopping around." "Do they hop F' "Hop?-your granny! No!" " Well, what did you say they did for ?" "Shucks! I only meant you'd see'em-not hopping, of course-what.do ; they want to hop for ? But I mean you'd, just see 'em-scat tered around, you know, in a kind of a general way. Like that old hump-backed Bichard." "Bichard! What's his other name ?*' " He didn't have any other name. Kings don' have any but a given name.'' "No?" " But they don't." " Well, if they like it, Tom, all right; but I don't want to be a king and have only just a given name, like a nigger. But say-where are you goin r to die first ?" " Well,I don't know. 8'pose we tackle that old dead limb tre« on the hill t'other side of Still-House branch ?" " I'm agreed." So they got a crippled pick and a shovel, and set out on their three-mile tramp. They arrived hot and panting, and threw themselves "down in the shade of a neighbouring elm to rest and have a smoke. " I like this," said Tom. " So do L" "Say,Huck, if we find a treasure here, what you going to do with your share ?" " Well, I'll have pie and a glass of sod$ every day, and I'll go to every circus that eomes along. Til bet I'll have a gay time." " "Well, ain't you going to save any of it? " . "Saveit? What lor ?" <fcWhy, so as to have something to live on by-and by." ' i *" Oh, that ain't any use. Pap would come; back to thish yer town some day and get his claws on it if I didn't hurry up, and I tell you he'd dean it out pretty quick. " What you going todo with yourn, Tom r" " I'm going to buy n now drum, and a sure- : 'nough sword, and a red nocktie, and a bull, pup, and get married." " Harried I" ! "That's it/' " Tom, you-why you ain't in your right mind." "Wait-you'll see." " Well, that's the foolisliest thing you could do, Tom. Look at pap and my- mother. Fight! why they used to fight all the time. I remember, mighty well." < . . ">? " That ain't anything. Tho girl I'm going to marry won't fight." "Tom, I reckon they're all alike. They'll all comb a body. Now you better think about this awhile. I tell you you better.' What's the name of the gal ?" a it ain't a gal at all-it's a girl." . " It's all the same, I reckon: some says gal, some says girl-both's right, like , enough. Anyway, what's her name, Tom?" " . " I'll tell you some time, not now." "All rigSt-that'll do.. Only if you get married I'll be more lonesomer than over." . "No you won't, you'll come and live with mo. Now stir out of this, and we'll go to digging." They .worked and sweated for half an hour. No result. They toiled another half hour. Still no result. Huck said: " Do they always bury it as deep as this ?" <c Sometimes-not always. Not generally. I reckon we haven't got the right place." Sotbey chose a new spot and began again, i The labour dragged a Uttle, but still- they | made progress. They. pegged away in silence | for some time. Finally. Huck leaned on his I shovel, swabbed the beaded drops from his , brow with his sleeve, and said: "Where are you going to dig next, after ! we get this one ?" ; , " I reckon maybe we'll tackle the old tree that's over yonder on Cardiif Hill, back of the widow's." " I reckon that'll be a good one. But won't this widow take it away from us, Tom? It's on her land." "fche take it away! Maybe she'd like to .try if? once. Whoever finds one of these hid (treasures, it belongs to him. It don't make afly* difference whose land it's on." . "Kiat was satisfactory. The work went on. By*«id-by Huck said: "i&me; it^ we must he in the wrong place again. Wiat do you think?" " It £* aaighty curious, Huck. I don't understand it. Sometimes witches interfere. I reckon niiT^S® that's what's the trouble now." " chucks ? jrifcehes ain't got no power in the day-time." "Well, that's? »o. 1 did'nt think of that. Oh, I know w.ttsfc the matter .is! What a blamed lot of fo^J* we are! Yon got to find out where the shad ow of the limb falls at mid night, and that's wlrere you dig."' *, " Then confound itr we've fooled away, all this work for nothing. Now hang it, all, we got to come back in the night. It's an awful long way. Can you get out ?" w I bet I will. We've .got to do it to-night, too, because if somebody sees these holes they'll , know in a minute what's here and they'll. go : for it" , "Well, I'll come around /and->raeow to night." :y ."All right. Let's hide the tools in the bushes." The boys were there that night about the appointed time. They sat in the shadow wait ing. It was a lonely plaea, and an hour made solemn by old traditions. Spirits whispered in the rustling leaves, gloats Itrrked in the I murky nooks, the deep haying ,of a hound floated up out of the distance-, an crol answered with his sepulchral note. The boya were sub dued by these solemnities, asd talked little. By-and-bye thi».y judged that twelve had come; they marked where the shadow fell, and began to dig. Their hopes commenced to rise. Their interest grew stronger, and their industiy kept pace with it. The bole deepened and still deepened, but every time -their hearts jumped to hear the pick strike upon some thing, they only suffered a new disappoint ment. It was only a stone or a chunk. At last Tom said: "It ain't any use, Huck, we're wrong again." " Well, but we can't be wrong. We spotted the shadder to a dot." - " I know it, but then there's another thing." " What's that V ^ ' " Why we only guessed at the time. Like enough it was too late or too early." Huck dropped his shovelL "That's it," he said. ""That's the* very trouble. We got to give this one up. We can't ever tell the right time, and besides, this kind of thing's too awful, here this time of night with witches and ghosts a fluttering around so. I feel as if something's behind me all the time; and I'm afeard to turn around, becuz maybe there' others in front a waiting for a chance. I been creeping all over ever sine*; I got here " " Well, I've been pretty much so too, Huck. Jhey'roost alr»aya put in a dead man when they bury a treasure under a tree, to look out foritJ" . ^ "Lordy!" " Yes they do. I've always1 heard that." "Tom, I don't like to fool around much where there's dead people. A body's bound to get into trouble with'em sure." . "I don't like to; stir'em up, either, Huck. S'pose this one here was to stick hid skull out and say something!" "Don't, Tom! It's awfuL" "Well it just is, Huck. f doft't fcg} fortable a bit." ' * * ^ M'Saj^-TomVlet'a^ye'ihisVplace^itpi'' n<l-try . somewhere* else." [.->< " All right,'I reckon, we better." " What'll it be ?"?/ , ? Tom oon&idered; awhile, and then said: il The ha'nted house/ That's it." . " Blame it., I. don't like ha'nted houses, Tom. : Why,. they're' a dern sight worse'n dead people. . Bead:people might talkmaybe, bat they don't botne sliding around in a shroud when you: ain't ^noticing, and peep over your shoulder all of a sudden and grit their teeth the wajr a. ghost does. I couldn't stand Buoh a thing as that, Tom-nobody could." -"Yes; jr.but,; Huck, ghosts don't travel around only, at night-they won't hinder UB from diegingthere in the daytime." : "Well,'.that's so; lBut you.know mighty wetypeople don't , go about that ha'nted house in.the day nor the night." " Well,; that!8 mostly because they don't like to go where a man's been murdered, anyway. But nothing's ever seen around that house in .the |night-just some blue light . slipping through the window-no regular ghosts/'..... >. V Well, where you; see one of .them blue lights flickering around,; Tpm, you can . bet there's a ghost mighty close behind: it. >It stands to reason. Becu* you know; that they don't anybody but ghosts use.'em.V . "Tesi that's so- But .anyway, they don't come around in the daytime, so what's theuse of our being afeared ?" " Well, all right. ~ We'll tackle .the ha'nted house if yousayso; but I reckon it's taking chances." They had started down the hill by this time. There, in the middle of the moonlit valley below them stood .the "haunted" house, utterly isolated, its fences gone long ago, rank wecda smothering the very , doorstep, the chimney crumbled to ruin, the window-sashes vacant, a corner of the roof caved in. The boys gazed awhile, half expecting to see a blue light flit pasta window; then, talking in a low tone, as befitted the' time -and circumstances,. they struck far off. to the right, to give the hauntea house a wide berth', and too); their way home ward through'the woods that adorned the rearward side jof Cardiff Hill. 