TURF NOTES. BY VENISON. THE North Australian Jockey Club at Ipswich have followed the lead of the Queensland Turf Club, and have resolved to aid their brethren of that corporation, and to air the month of Octo- ber with a couple of good rousing hot days' racing. No more of your four races per diem for three days ! Nous avona changi tout eela, and the sport while it last* will be sport. Nearly £900 will be thrown at the heads of the successful horse* owners during the two days, making, with the Brisbane prizes, the very tidy total of some £2500 of added money at the two meetings. The first day, October 10, commences with the old time-honored hurdle race, three times round, over the same old nine hurdles well planted in the hard-baked, smooth, shiny old black clay, from which the limestone rocks crop out (what shocking bad tea, by the way, does the water of this same limestone country make, but what lots of backbone there is in the men I U'b all the lime, you know I). It is a good idea to have the hurdle race first, as the falling will be softer then than afterwards, and they do tumble off sometimes even at Ipswich. A mile and a* quarter at weight-for-age is the condition of the Bremer Plate of fifty sovereigns, the next race in order. Then comes the Ipswich Cup, a mile and a-half handicap for a hundred and a-half of sovereigns, and I am glad to see that Ipswich runs its Cup, like Melbourne, in the spring. Then comes the curious "Johnny Gilpin" stakes—where the prize is supposed to pay for the horse, who has, in reality, to be given away after winning the race—one mile, and weight-for-age; the time will not be under " 1.45," lam open to bet. The Flying Handicap of one mile fol lows it, and will be sure of having a liberal entry. The distance Buits a large number of horses, and yet it is just far enough to allow of a moderately bad start being got over by the ono left behind provided that the handicap be made by " a workman." The day concludes with a 9st. ding-dong for all rough-and-ready nags, for a £10 note, over a mile and a distance. The weather will be dry, the course hard, and "How's your poor feet ?" the question of the day after thit race. The second day opens the ball with a Selling Eordle Race, the terms of which seem to point to there being some good leapers to be had cheap •bout Ipswich. They are expected to clear six hurdles in two miles, each hurdle 42in. high, and each horse is to be priced at from £15 to £30 per head; weights, from 9st to lOst. Then comes the Maiden Plate, of which I need only say it is the usual mile and a-half, and £75 prize. The head prize of the meeting is the N.A. J.C. Spring Handicap of £200 with £7 sweep, the second horse getting thirty, and the third fifteen sovereigns from the prize, which arrangement, I fancy, will sweep all the sweeps out of the winner'B pocket, and he will be lucky if he get the net £200. The next event is the Grange Park Stakes, a sort of compromise between the Derby and Middle Park Plate menage. The weights and distance suit a two-year-old, but the race is for three-year-olds. But it is early in the season, so let that pass. A email weight forage Selling Stakes and the Forced Handicap wind up a programme which should answer and silence all the objections raised to the "linked aweetness long drawn out" that so many fas tidious people objected to at the autumn meet ing at Ipswich. A neat card, issued by Mr. D. T. Keogh, the secretary, shows at a glance the price current o! the nomination, acceptance, and sweep amount of each, how and when payable, &c.;, in a tabu lated form that speaks well for the progress in method and " how-to-do-it" that has taken place in racing arrangements in some parts of Queens land. [Since writing the foregoing, I have re ceived a notice that Mr. D. T. Keogh complains very ttrongly that Ipswich races are " penistently ignored" in "Venison!" Silence and a shrug are the only befitting replies to such atrocious untruths, which are now becoming a sort of standing joke, and a very poor^ one too. The autumn programme was fully reviewed soon after Chiistnus.] The result of the Epsom Derby, that grand fifty-sovereign sweepstakes for the seleot three year-olds of England, affords another proof of the high qualities of the Speculum stock. His son Rosebery was the only horse that ever won the Cesarewitch and Cambridgahire double, a most difficult feat to perform in picking up a very long and very short distance handicap in one season from a host of able competitors at both distances. Then we have Kaleidoscope, who won the great Lincolnshire Handicap of £1000, with a sweep of £20, over a straight one-mile course. He was by Speculum from Recluse, and defeated Cradle, Touchet, Twine-the- Plaiden, Ghost, Organist, and a host beside of winning and handicap talent in the said race ; and now another son of his has been credited with the blue ribbon of 1878. Speculum was foaled in 1865, and as a three-year-old, carrying 6st 121b., he won the City and Suburban Handi cap. Sefton is the first Derby winner he has got Dutch Skater, the sire of Insulaire (the second horse in the Guineas and Derby, and the winner of the French Blue Ribbon), won the Doncaster Cap of 1872, as a six-year-old, carrying 9st Count Lagrange should be satisfied; he has a good horse,and one that will do him credit wherever he runs. The indomitable Lord Falmouth gets a place this time with Childeric, who ran third. His cattle, as usual, are hard to shake off. In the running for the Oaks Stakes at Epsom, we find the '■' bloated aristocrats " of old England in great force, and nothing under the rank of an earl can get a place there. Lord Falmouth is not to be denied this time, and the extra half-mile suffices to place the double winner of the One Thousand and Two Thousand Guineas in the second position only, while Count Lagrange, if he cannot be there with his Insulaire, is at all events resolved to score one trick at this three card 100 with the daughter of Mortemar and Regalia, parents of renown and high degree ; for is not Mortemar the sire of Chamant and many another grand one? These three lords, Falmouth, Lonsdale, and Lagrange, have each and all of them acquired a good old-fashioned habit of winning, or getting placed in, nearly every race they contend for. There are no " ifs" or ex cuses, or "if it hadn't been for this, or that," about them. They are practical folks, and I say of them, as the old song says of the successful cricketer, "give me the man who icoret." Rockhampton raceß eventuated in good con tests, the time being made superior to all that had hitherto been negotiated on the banks of the Fitzroy. The money, it is true, left the country, but so it did at Brisbane last March ; but the racing— the artiole, you see—was worth the money. Greek met Greek; no tame walk over or monotonous sweeping of the board tended to make the club regret tbat toilsome scraping together of the doubloonß that must and does, in this part of the world, precede and fol low any grand coup in the race meeting line. 