) OUR. A.MATEUR THEATRICALS|AT / " BOOLQN(T. / Ho jests at scars who never. felt a wound — llo.MEO. f One of the most .awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Bpoloug, bad of bis jxutbful days, be used to declare, j was when be made his first and only appe.arancc .as an y actor at a private amateur tbe.atricnl entertaiiiinent at his V own bouse in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad C conceived that be w.os bom to be an actor — to tread the / bo.ards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it / was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of bis bead .after bis J peculiar dehut. Ou finding the Melbourne and Sydne' y managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing k red hair, and a turn-np nose, an aijpear.ance in " H.amlet" r at .any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the r bull by the liorns" .and get up a compauy of his own down / at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense ) ill building a small theatre, - purchasing wardrobe, having y scenery painted — for Banbury was deterinliied to do the k thing well and in tip-top stylo. He got together a kind f of scratch company, many of tbein like bimselE, raw am- r bitious amateurs, eager " to fret their hour upon the / st.age," and one or two seely outcasts of the jprofcss'ori ; y and he looked- forward to the production of his pet play, y " Hamlet," himself .as the Prince, with much excitement, ( not unalloyed with pleasure. The .amateurs, after about a ? montlL's .constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their \ words;bofore the curtaiu went up, but after it did most of ( them forgot them. Tho scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ) intoxicated, and the King' likewise ; Ophelia, an aniateiir, \ burst, into- a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen lines. Banbury was roared ab by the local personages who ) asseiiibled to assist at the amateur xjerformance. But this y w.as not the worst, for Banbury found that when the bills r c.ame in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, ) and he could not meet them. " The fellows," ho used to say, k " allowed hie/ to Haye whatever I wanted on credit, because r they knew thatmy rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- ) ist, would paj'-thern, but licnevyVefy Aveir he vvould do no k such thing when he found they were for theatrical' trap- ' pings, for if there was-one tlung he helcl in' abhorrehce it ) was the theatre'.;" -What wasjhe to-.do'?' His uncle would V disinherit; him, turn him outof the house he had furnished ' for himy and 'send' him adrift 'on the -World. What was he ) to do? His creditors wb-uld not' wait.'and. he'. would be a . miserable pauper. ButfOr -all this- he did nob lose his ' house, and his .pboralncle's'fdftune is in the bank in his ) name, thanks-to-the'tinielymid-df' dhe-w/to is a. friend to the dranm asgvcll asLto ilie'rdsd-of tlie.morld, who advanced ' him the needful. Need we say his name. No ; all know ) him I But we"-may;'"as7\velTre'mafk.-'it was the ohainpion . of the distressed,'' ''Z ' . - DAVID HENR'Y,''of"'52 Cbflihs street east. ' Who has from £5 to J6l0,000-tolead on notes of hand, bills ) of. sale T (with , or ./jyithout .security), -salary orders, life . policies, certificates, deeds', IdIII of lading, legacies, goods, ) merchandise, 'iOri expected remittaiices, or on . moneys per- ) sons may be "entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., . repayable to suit the conyenience of . borrowers. ) . Bills discounted, daily at the lo'west rate of interest, and \ mortgages' frbni 6 per cent. 