THE LATE REV. P. MACLAREN. ■ On Sunday morning, July. 14, Pro fessor; Davidson preached a funeral sermon on die - late Rev. P. . Maclaren. in the Presbyterian Church,'Port Adelaide, of which it will be remembered Mr. Maclaren was 'pastor.- The Rev. Professor based his discourse on the words, "rMark the perfect iman, and behold the upright, for the end-of that man is peace?—words, he said, which occurred to him directly he heard of his Mend's death, and which he thought fittingly described his, character. In the course of his remarks Professor Davidson said—" 2ir. Maclaren's fahction was to expound : the Scriptures, and he did so carefally, being sided by a singular clearness" of Vision. In his public werks they saw - bow he carefully considered the thoughts which were required to be pat before those Whom headdressed. - His volume entitled ' The Glory of the Holy Ghost' was full of soggestiveness. It was written before he left England, and it laid; down the lines distinctly in which his mind continually ran. In that work, and later in the "-Seven Topics of Faith,' he exhibited a consideration of tone which was rarely found in the theologian. He looked upon him as a master theologian—one who was not only devout in his speculations, but thoroughly philosophical. One characteristic thespeaker had constantly admired, namely, that he did not shrink from any result of honest thought. He drew a line beyond which it was not desirable to push enquiry, and beyond which he believed the mysteries of the unknown most be. In that direction he was not content with a mere formula. Doubtless had he returned to carry out the work he had laid out for himself, he would have entered into those great questions which were being discussed at home, and which must at no great distance of time occnpy attention here, j and his views wonld have been valuable to the : colony." At the Port Adelaide Congregational Church and at the Alberton Baptist Chnrch allusion was also made to Mr. Maclaren's death by the Bev- M. M. Dick and the Bev. M. Lloyd, both of whom expressed the high personal esteem they had for the deceased. At the Presbyterian Chnrch Flinders - street, the Bev. J. Lyall, at the close of his sermon in the morning, referred to the death of the Bev. P. Maclaren, and said— " This is not the place to attempt any lengthened delineation of his character. Mo doubt that will be done satisfactorily elsewhere. Tet I cannot help saying that his loss is no common one. There are few men whose place It will be more difficult to fill. He was a man of high intellectual power, of varied learning, and of profound spirituality of mind. With a keen piercing glance .he had surveyed all the groat questions of theology. He knew the difficulties which have been raised by the criticism and philosophy of the age, but he was perfectly satisfied with the grand old evangelical doc trines. In them his own spirit found rest, and he proclaimed them to others in no hesi tating tones. He was a man, moreover, with a singularly well-balanced mind, upon whose candour and impartiality yon could always depend. I can hear testimony to the conscientiousness with which he attended to the business of Presbytery. Often he was in a stats of much bodily weakness and suffer- , ing, yet he uniformly gave the closest attention to the matters which came before us for delibe ration, and his opinions always carried the greatest weight with his brethren. Ho was ever ready to render help to others, frequently with his exhausted frame doing the work of a strong man. There can he no doubt that the great principle which fired bis soul was love to his gracious Master, and that constrained him to labour with all his might, and made him regret that he could not work more efficiently." 